: : amusements. «THr YEOMEN OF THE GUARD." The tenth ot tbc now celebrated series of Gilbert-Sullivan's operas was plnced beforo a Sydney audience ou Saturday, when it was worthily staged and well rendered. In regular. succession Messrs. Williamsou, Gamer and Musgrove have produced these hitherto charac teristic works, and though the second of them ("The Sorcerer") was held back for years and the seventh (" Princess Ida ") was deferred to "The Mikado," it is owing to the enterprise and judgment of this firm tliat, so far, but one of the sot has been omitted. From "Trial by Jury" to "The Yeomen of the Guard," wo lmvc now bad ail but "ltuddigore, or the Witch's Curse." and a Sydney, equally with a Savoy, audience uovv expects with confidence the topsy-turvy fautasies which in the past have distinguished without exception nil thsit Mr. Gilbert has written. Iu the new opera, however, the author makes a new de parture. The "Merrvmaii and his Maul" are taken from serious life, and the jester, in par ticular, Btands out as a pathetic figure. Ser geant Meryll and his son are gallant men who take their lives in their lu.uds when they repay past kindnesses by aiding the escape of Fairfax ; poor little Pbrnbe is crossed in love ; we may not laugh boisterously at Dame Gar- ruthers, a courtly old maid ; nnd Wilfred Shad- bolt. the morose and jealous jailor, who thiuks himself rather a killing fellow nnd quite fit to taken lively girlVfancy, thus becomes tho only character which Mr. Gilbert has used as a play ground for bis freakish wit. This change of form has brought another in its train. Sir Arthur Sullivan »ba9 seeraiugly been moved to strike a higher note which rings throughout the music of this latest work. There are, iu fact, places where it is easy, to see that tbe composer has only stopped short of grand opera out of consideration for tbe more limited range of the voices which he knew would be ut disposal. " Pinafore" and "The Yeomen of the Guard" are, indeed, far asunder in point of style, and it is well that it should bo ho. The rare melodic grace ami beauty of the later operas, " lolantho" und " Prioceas Ida,'' have uot, how ever, in our opinion been since excelled. The airs captivated at a first bearing — which made them popular— uud were also peculiarly expressive . and poetic, which kept them still fresh aud attractive on repetition. There are, fortunately, aira of this kind iu "The Yeomen of the Guard." The duet in the first act, " I havo a song to sing, O 1" is a case in point. It furnishes a charming melody through which runs a vein of old-world qnaiutuess aud a pathos which gives piquancy to the tripping phrase. In this general reference to the music particular mention hns been made of this duet because it will probably be tbe popular song of the opera. For the rest, Sir Arthur Sullivan's work is characterised by masterly scoring, apparently unbounded resources from which to draw dainty device and delicacy of effect, and a contra-puntal skill which enables him to interweave the separate voice- parts for tbe male and female choruses with de liriously harmonious result. Tbe staging has has always been a matter of thoughtful carc on the part of tbe author, aud ho ha3 again sue ceeded in choosing a subject that lends itself to picturesque treatment and striking conibina tious of color. At the Theatre Royal there is no falling off in tbe excellence of painted sceue or appropriate dress. Mr. John Bruntou ha9 painted two beautiful sets, showing Tower Green from different points of view. The second of these disclosing a view of the Thames, aud the gleaming city lights in the background, wtih the grim old Keep on the river-side, half disclosing the Traitor's Gate, is the more beautiful or the two. The Beef-eaters, in their quaint scarlet dresses, with the Royal Crown and II.it. gold em broidered ou every breast, and the round-shaped beaver, hats, wore reproduced to the life, and the Sergeant's costume, varied by the color of the stuff, a navy blue, was also very hand some. Iu few words, the new opera vies with its predecessors in the richness and accuracy of the pictorial representation. The slightest consideration of the plot shows that Mr. Gilbert's appropriation of the central idea of " Maritaua the blindfold marriage and consequent complications — is as patent at a first glance as was Mr. Stephenson's plagiarism from "She Stoops to Conquer" in u Dorothy." When the curtain rises Colonel Fairfax lies under sentence of death for alleged sorcery, aud, failing a reprieve, will be executed in the evening. He has, however, staunch friends around him, for the Sergeant of the Guard, old Meryll, is a comrade in arms whose life has twice been saved by Fairfax on the battlefield. This grateful heart has a son, Leonard, hourly expected at the Tower on his appointment as one of the yeomen, and the two plot together that the yeoman's uniform shall be smuggled into the colonel's cell and that he shall emerge therefrom, his beard shaved .off, in the character of the Sergeant's newly-arrived Fon. To do this it is necessary to gain lb minutes' possession of the gaoler's keys, which hang at his girdle, and the feat is neat I v accomplished iu a humorous scene in which wineotue Phoebe Meryll is the principal actor. In tbe meantime, Fairfax explains to Sir Richard Choltnomleiey, the keeper of tho Tower, that in order to prevent his estates devolving upon his death to a scheming cousiu — which they will do if he die unwed — lie is determined to marry forthwith. The arrival on the grceu of Jack Point, the Jester, iu company with Elsie Mnynard, a strolling singer, suggests a means of finding a bride, and for a hundred crowns Elsie agrees to go through the formal ceremony of marriage with the " headless" bride groom. Eiste is led away blindfold to tbe cell, and the Merryman, who admits that he is, like some of his 'jests, "out or place," enters tho service of tho Lieutenant. In brief space Fair fax retnrns disguised as Leonard, and is formally admitted as a yeoman and introduced to his "sister" Phrebe. Twilight falls upon the Kcene; tbe grim headsman, with the huge broad-bladod axe on Ilia shoulder and the hideous mask moulded to the features of the face, comes upon the green ; the assistants bring out tho block ; tbe great gates admit tbe crowd of friends and idlers, aud the passing bell claugs overhead from the steeple of St. Peter's Church. Then the escape is discovered, all is confusion, and tbe curtain talis upou a striking and well- wrought sceoe. The second aod last act is supposed to take place after an interval of two days. Jack Point is discovered in very low spirits at finding that the escape of Fairfax bas put an effectual end to bis hope of espousing Elsie. Shadbolt is also miserable under suspen sion from office, and aa the same means will euro both cases they carry out a scnerae by which they affect to "have seen and seized the escaped Fairfax, who, however, thejr declare to have slipped from their hands again, to have plunged into the river and to have been drowned. This sets Elsie free once more, but uulnckily for Point she had fouud timo to give her heart to the supposed Leonard, who has identified her as his blindfold bride aud learned to love her dearly. The arrival of a reprieve, which had been delaved, now clears the way for the np- pearauee of Fairfax in his own character. But DameJ Carruthers, tho Towerihonsekeeper, aud Shadbolt have both accidentally learned the trick plaved by the old Bergeant, aud his life hangs upou their silence. This is dearly bought by a double marriage. Sergeant Meryll gives his hand to tho withered Dame Carruthers, aud Phoebe pays the price of her coquetry with Fairfax by renewing her betrothal with the jubilaut jailer, who has at last fc.uud an effectual means of putting the screw upon her inclinations. The story closes with the appearance of Elsie in bridal array, awaiting tbe arrival of (the supposed) Leonard. There is a moment of agony when she is told that Fairfax, restored to life, claims her as his own, but as ho raises her from the ground where she lies weening, the uii-«t clears away aud she recognises with joy her heart's love. Merry as a lark, she trills the melodious echo of her 8troiUug days, " I havo a song to siug, O I " and the heart-broken jester falls dead at her feet. Tho representation of this benutifnl and affecting opera was cxcelleut, though it did not reach the high standard raised by the produc tion of the " Mikado " in November, 1885, and afterwards maintained for the long period during which Miss Alice Barnett? Mr. Frank Boyle, Mr. Woodfield and Miss Leonora Braham (alternately with Miss Stewart) were included in the cast. On the other hand, it has to be remembered that tho scheme of tho opera differs from others of the series , and, seeing that several of its characters call for breadth of acting, it is even a matter for congratulation that the company should havo succeeded 09 well as it did. The parts of tho merry man and his maid were the best done and call for nothing but praise. Miss Nellio Stewart, though the ravages of a loug illness have for tho nonco robbed the upper register of her voice of its accustomed roundness, has never played with more winning grace, nor enforced with equal skill tho innocent gaiety and appealiug pathos of a character of this kind. Miss Stewart had showu in timo past a growing tendency to restlessness which, on her appear ance hero a year ago, had becomo a blemish on her style. As Elsie Mnynard, however, she plays with an air of greater repose and lias acquired tho art of doing nothing when there is nothing to do. Turning aside for a momont to Mr. \Vm. Elton's appearance as Jack Point, tho Jester, wo arc able to take pleasure in an artistic conception in which low comedy has beou rigorouRly. eschewed, and the dry humor aud phiiosophy of a character copied from that of Touchstone htm been suggested by adept touches. Tho charm of the duet "I have a Song to Sing, O I" consisted almost as much in the harmony of idea shown in the acting of the artists coucemod as in tho quaint sweet ness of the music. Sullivan has hero raised a fabric of graceful melody upon tho founda tion of a drone bass, and to hear this sung in alternate vorae by tho gaily-dressed dancers is to hear and see something not willingly for gotten. This pretty performance fairly biought down tho Uouho and had to be repeated. Miss Stewart, whoso dancing, always good, is now far more in tho fashion of tho day than once it was, also gained an encore for a fine ballad, " 'Tis done I I am a brido," in which the orchestration is quite f ascluating, The swoop of tho violins n theyglldo up and down at tho end of tho first lino not only supported the voice but charmed the oar. In response to a call for a repetition the singer, who had shown signs of fatigue, sang more freshly. Mr. Elton snug crisply nud with clear articulation the lively patter-song " Oh, a private buffoon is a light-hearted loon" (encored), nnd joined will) Mr. Howard Vernon, as Shadbolt, in a briskly ludicrous rendering of the duet " Like a ghost his vigil keeping, he was crcepmg, he was crawl ing." The character is one of the best Mr. Elton has yet given us. Mr. Howard Vernon gives a good though not a very strongly humorous character-sketch of the gloomy jailor Shadbolt, and his sour grimace- over his s'.vrut- beart's promiscuous caree.-, provoked the house to laughter. Mr. Leuuiane, wbo?e abrupt manner needs leavening with a little suavity, proved acceptable as Colonel Fairfax, and gave a tenderly expressivs rendering of "Free from bin fetters grim" in the second act— his most successful effort. The melody is attractive, aud being lightly sustained by the stringed instru ments p'aved pizzicato is suggestive in its sweetness of the serenade. Mr. W. Marnock made his first appearance lit?re us bluff old Sergeant Meryll. The newcomer, who. was admirably made up, acts easily, has a fine speaking voice and found high favor with the house. The baritone singer proved the posses sion of a cultivated style, a quality which will servo him better iu a hotter part. One of the feature of the piece was the beauti ful quartette " Strange Adventures," in which Mis May Pollard sang the soprano part as Kate — her only chance of distincrion ami one well used — and here Mr. Marnock shared in the bonorB of a capital rendering. Miss Fanny Liddiard, very becomingly dressed in au old English costume surmounted by a crimson cap with a paucy quill-feather stuck in it, appeared with some success a Phoebe Meryll. The fault which marred oue of tbe earlier speeches beginning "He's the bravest, handsomest, and the best young gentleman in England," wa«, however, often apparent throughout. A playful demeanor an a mask for the deepest pathos was here required in place of the un feeling flippancy displayed by the actress. Miss Liddiard had some pretty songs allotted her, and gained an encore tor the sweetness of Her voice in " Were I Thy Bride." Miss AtncriSj though her acting was refined and her styie ot pinging cultivated, was not successful as Dame Carruthers. Both singing aud speaking voic? are insufficient to fill a large theatre, aud the dialogue especially sufl'ered. The voice is of good quality, but quito ineffective for stage purposes. Mr. T. GrnnUy was peen to advantage as the Lieutenmt of the Tower, and minor parts were more than usually well filled. One of the strongest and most at tractive features iu the representation was the admirable work done both by the orchestra and chorus under M. Caron'a direction. The bal ance of the ensemble in the strikingly melodious chorus "Tower Waters" in the opening of the first act and the steadiness of the whole where the female voices take up the theme was quite remarkable, nnd the vocal quality through out was unusually good. Altogether the pro duction was a notanle event, and from tho enthusiasm with which it was received, there can bo little doubt that the new piece will re main ou tiic bill for weeks to come. 