SUPERSTITION'S OF TO-DAY. [ SoiIE OF TUB PoPDTiAB BELIEFS OP THE Present Eua. . Men who swear thero is neither God nor future will yet bolvay a strango weakness to ward Eomo pet buperstiton that thoy will ouonly laugh at, but secretly beliove. Wo all.have them— not only the ignorant peoplo, but tho beat of us. Fow peoDlo will count the hacks in a funeral procession. Fow girls will road.tho marriage servioo ontirely through in tho face of tho awful and mysterious su porstition thafthis indulgoneo destroys hopo of marriage. Wo don't call tho fortunetel ler tho priest of Apollo, tho wart charmer, a witch. Thero is a change of name— tho fuot lingers. Wo nro still superstitious. All tho generations that havo passed have accumulated and handed down to us a vast numuor of superstitions. Eaoh country has furnished its share, and probably tho most of thom date from tbo time whon tho human ,*aeo was still in its Asiatio oradlo. Birth, marriage aud death are tho three most important ovonts in lifo. Honco tho auguries of theso threo events have beon most eagerly sought and most carefully remem bered. Doath, being tho most dreadful, conies m for tho largest share. Ono of tlio best ways given us of avoiding it when mortal siolmcssU upon us is to allow tho roport to bo oiroulated that you aro alroady dead. Tho chances aro strongly in favour of getting well. Especially is this so if friends begin to arrange for tbo funeral. A suro sign of early death is for a porson to scatter tho leavos of a red roso upon tho ground. It is extremoly liazardous to an infant's lifo to pare its nails beforo it is a year old. Thoy should bo bitten off, or tho grandamo will not answer for tho consequences. So numerous ara the dangerous super stitions about marriago that ono could scarooly avoid breaking somo of them. Iu this observation tho philosopher may findtho solution of tho question, ' Why is niarriugo afuiluro?' For instance tho brido must not try on her wedding gown, or ill- luck will follow. Sho must not look in tho glass after bno is muy aiesaed aucl ready for tho coro mouy. She must not onter her now homo by stepping over tho threshold, but must bo carried over it by ono of hor relativos. A piece of tho bride's oako must bo broken over hor head as soon as sho is aafely on tho othor Bid'). It is very unlucky for her to bo in a happy state onTier wedding day. Sho must bo as dolorous as possible, violentfils of woep ing being especially beneficial. It is a good idea for tho brides-maids to throw away as many xnns as possible on tho wedding day, as tins will hasten marriage The bride should throw away hor alippor on leaving tho wedding feast, nnd sho who oatchos it will bo tho flrst marriod. The mouth of May is generally conceded to bo tho most unfortunate for marriages. Tho luoky months aro January, April, August, Oo tobor and Nbvomber. January is especially luoky. Lovers should carefully avoid passing a sharp or pointed instrument from one to tho other. Such things tend to causo quarrels. Tho wedding should bo putoff by allmeaus if a cat SUOOZns .III tlin nvn nf Ilin -tfn..|ri;.w.. day. It should novor tako place if tho oat is black. To swoop dust over a girl's feot or logs will bo certain to mako an old maid of hor. Should tho younger sister of a family marry first, tho older sisters will bo condomnod to lasting celibiioy unless thoy danco ut her wedding in their atooking foet. Tho wedding ring of tho mother is an in fallible euro for eruptions on the skin of tho child. Tho ring must bo rubbed threo times around each soro. Curo is certain. Tho virtue of tho do* that glitters nnd sparkles in ovory loaf and flower of a May morning has beon recognized from tho ear liest times. If a young girl wishes to obtain and preservo a glorious complexion sho should venture out of a May morning and wash hor faco in this dow. It also has peculiar power in infant cases of weak back. A child thus affected can bo cured by drawing- it threo timos through tho wot grass on tho first, second and third morn ings of May. It will cure swollen uncle. Th o treatment hero is, howover, moro difficult. If tho sufferer bo a male ho must wash his neck in tlio dew that gems tho gravo of tho deceased unmarried woman who died ; if a woman, then tho grass on tho gravo of tho last young unmarried man must bo sought. To spit in tho hand before undertaking anything, whether in lovo, or war, or busi ness, will not fti.il to bring luck. If you aro out fishing do not stop over your red, or you will catch no moro fish than did Simplo Simon in his mother's pail. Of births, it may bo said in ? general that a crying child will grow up to bo a great and usofulmmi. This omen is not very clearly Eottlcd, howover. and is often irivnn tlm other way. Somo seer far back in tho ages discovered tho following : Born on Monday, Fair in tho faoo. Born on Tuesday, Full of God's grauo. Born on Wednesday, Sour nud sad, Born on Thursday, Merry and glad. Born on Friday, Worthily given. Bom on Satiety, Work for your living. Born on Sunday, You will novor know want. To recall porsons after thoy havo loft tho houso is bad luck. To go baok for soraothing forgotten is also bad luck, unless you sit down beforo going out again. If, whon you sit beforo tho firo, a livo ooal jumps out, it is a sign that you aro to have good luok, especially in monoy matters. To wash in water another has washed in is not only bad aanilnrily, but also suporstitiously. Ho who makes many crumbs at tho tnblo will nover h.ivo any money to sparo. It is flying in tho faco of fortuuo to aweop dust outof the, front door or to allow it to bo swept out. in so doing you nresweoping out your good luck. To count ono's gni:i- ? Mug luck, but to find monoy is tho worat po.isiblo luck. Tho 1-loaved clover, onco found, should bo treasured, as overyaohool child knowa and bo liovcs. It brings luck of ovory description. Evo attempted to carry a 4-leaved shamrock of precious stono from Parndiso with her, but it fell and shattered at her foet. Think of tho disaster thus entailed upon tho human race! To kco tho moon over tho loft shouldoris as unlucky as to hold tho four of clubs at cards. But the new moon soenover tlio riglit shnuldar or straight in front, portends fortuno as smil ing as hor own bright rays. Ono should bo careful in writing a letter not to cross out a word in it. To do so means that any request you may luvo mado iu tho letter will not bo granted. It is vory unlucky to dry a letter boforo tho firo.instoad of allow ing it to dry slowly and naturally. But un lnckiest of all is it to drop tho letter on tho floor after finishing it. Theso mo but a fow of tho many thousands of guides to Lifo. -Follow them all, observe them diligently, and happiness awaits you. Your faco will smilo liko that nf a young1 girl nt thought of her beloved. Your pathway will bo strewn with roses. If you saoff aud scorn bowaro. For tho ghosts nnd goblins nnd witolics, tlio spirits of your ancestors who believed all thoso thing.-) and cherished thom as tho applo of tbo oyo, will plot together ngainst you. Boliovo them— oven a child bo lioves in Santa Clans. They aro our only relics of tho old, dead past — tho'fuith of legend nnd story, of simplicity and frankness, when men learned nnly to hhciot the ljow and npeak tlio truth. They aro tho faiths of tho childhood.-! of our nmo, and us such dosorvo recognition. Reason may scoff, science scorn, but down in all our breasts tho old childhood's faiths ro inaiu. Tlio huud that trios to pluck them out is profunu. 