JSQtJAIlE TRAGEDY^ . . CKAFTEB xv. • • V A /NE W [817BP 1,01O : c ; u >BT{JO®®iBTsi' v ' "• /' V: Author off' Lto^wwA'-'?DiC Beroni's ;See "A Trust Jletmyea," eto.^ . "When Dora Troinoyno, reflated Uxs. ReddBerxTs" drawing-room, -Miss Dangerfield was ctfrled-up otlotio oJthe cout&Bsreauingaiiovel;, I>ora : ;went forward and' greeted Mrs. JJedforri,' and:,.then went up..to Olivia, .offering Ber • 'hand, iliss. Daugerfield: extended;' 2ior fingers 'with "a patronising air, but without taking the troublo of'olteringher; position iu the slightest.. Dora "fcared that Iter visit would "fas thrown, away. It would tio impossible to speak with' any freedom ioMra. Itedforo wMe .Olivia eat" iy listening. . about Vlatt'tthisadrettdfaltliing.iliBsTremayiio, almost baforo. Captain tho \- Bvcrot viaitorhad ?" . said;the taken her. wi . /"T almost,thinkitiBtworsotlianmypoorius-; s Iwdytalk lauadlfl dorith—mowshocIdng'.i-.Jt oriis/a^ mokes every way."' . V . TDora listened in amazement. .It; was '-im-i possible for hor to. nnderstand'Mra. Bedford's «ray;o£ looking at things.. :The widow Beemed , to Ob heartless moro froin. stupidity , than from, any positive badness •, of disposition;•„ or wither. she had too littlo. sense to avoid. <s£hibitingto the whole world how small was the capability of, feeling.' with. which she was endowed: \ " What surprises rao," said Dora,, when she iad steadied her voice so ns to he able to speak wtthoufc' showing her emotion^ " what surprises me 1b that anyone knowing.-Captain Everett should over for- ono moment imagine that he is capable of such a orimo.;-Perhaps I ought to toll you,*.' she added with a certain pride in her tone, " that- Captain Everett and I arc engaged." "What do you say?" screamed Mrs. Bedfern. "Engaged to him. Poor thing. I am so sorry for you. But, of course, you will Steak itoff at once." ' ••-v.' -x.r-i . '" Ihave no dosire-to'.breakthoi engagement," said J)ora, quietly. . At this point Miss Dangorfieldroso, yawned eatentatiously, went over to a table where some magazines were lying,.' turnedi them.. over, selected one, aud without; troubling hersolf to bestow a parting look at Mrs. Redfern's visitor, slowly went out of the room.. " Why docs Miss Dangerfield dislike me so, Mis, Eedfcrn ?" naked Dora, gladof an excuso for changing tho subject. • Tho widow gave a - 1 — the room to make s before she answored " WeU,I have sometimes thought she had a pongahong .for your,beau," she answered, with a little nod. (fclre.- Itedfera was veiy fond of using a French word now and then, when she fanacd she could do so with impunity.) Dora opened her eyes. " My dear Mrs. ltedfern, I am so soriy to tear this. I do hope you are wrong." " I don'tthiukl am." "I had no idea of such a thing. On the contrary, I have fancied sometimes that there was sometliing between her and Mr. Davis." " Only on one side," answered Mrs. Redfern with another sagacious nod. " Botween ourselves 1 thiuk he is a very good match for Olivia; but she persists in turning up her nose athim." " So Dr. Redforu can hardly have stood.inhis assistant's way in this matter," thought Dora to herself. "Br. Davis is still staying here, I suppose she added aloud, for something better to say. " Oli, yes, it was nocessaiy that the practice should bo lcept together. I fancy that Mr. Payne, my poor husband's executor, you know, will make an arrangement to sell the practice right out to him. • .After all, ho knows the patients, aud" a stranger might have a difficulty in reaching them, as there , would be noone to introduce him personally. Butit would not have ' been my .-finBhand's wish that Dr. Davis 6h'ould ; succeea him;V . , ' Dora h ad hardly.been Usteiiih'g.'to.the widb'w's Calk. Shis had idea had hQQn ^v'hich/OTggestQd^thatiDr.-DaVas. could have any iiiterert.in i^usingHheTdeath of; lis"* employer, and worideririgVin "what-'otherquarter she was to seek "a clue'to the" i ~niyBteiy, whensho found that Mrs. Eedfeni'was pausing for a reply. Almost ..mechanically- she repeated tho widow's last words in the form of a question. " Oh, Dr. Ecdfern did not intend that Dr. Davis should succeed- to Jiis practice?" " Certainly not. The fact is, my dear Miss Tremayne, my husband"idid not particularly 13S Dr. Davis. He said-he; was shallow and conceited, and rather, shirked'the-work; and he hfl-dmadeup his mind ta get rid of him and engage another assistant.' 1 Dora was fairly startled by these words. She had been a moment tup forced to confess to herself that her suspicions of Dr. Davis were utterlyigroundless, and suddenly it appeared he hadja%iaotiyo, und a tolerably strong one, f^'fdesirag^Dr. Redfern's death. Showasso earprised. toat^she started visibly, and gave a littfe bry. " What Is anything the matter ?" asked Mrs. llodfern, " Oh, nothing. I have been „ lately, that.Iv.often start at nothing at all. " I can^ .Bympatliiso with you, I am sure, Miss Tremayrie; When I was engaged to my poor dear Tom—my first husband, you know— na.wasill for. three weeks with small-pox. It was nothing' like so bad as your trouble, I know; yet I was so delicate, and sympathetic, the doctors colled it, that the least thiflff upsofcme." Mrs. Redfcm's sympathy was like salt laid upon an open wound ; but Dora managed to hide her fcclinjjs, and even to produce something like tho ghost of a smile. "Someone said at the inquest that Dr. Eedfcrn worked too hard," she remarked, after a pause. " Not so very hard, not so as to hurt his health," returned the widow. " But it was not Davis's fault if he did not/'; she added almost spitefully. "Davis did nothing likeliis share of tho work, or just hurried it oveiv- That was why my poor husband wanted-to get rid of him." > " It would have -been a bad thing for Dr. Davis if ho hajl been sent away.?'. V "Of course it would. Especially as there was a great attraction; here., in the shape of " and Mrs'.-• EedfeirnV glanced in the direction of tho coiling to.indicate MTrr Dangerfield. • . : "Do you think," began Dora—it- was a great risk to put such a question, but- there was no alternative—" do you think Dry Eedfern actually gave Dr. Daws notice to leave ?". " I'm sure 1 don't know," returned': the widow. " Ho may have"done so ;-'but I almost he would have mentioned it to meif lie had. It is a month or six weeks ance ho spoke of it." , - • , T • Dora was afraid to push the matter further. She changed the subjcct, and began tojipeak of the bec.omius. character of Mis. iReafern's costume; and when that matter "had been sufficiently discusscd, she brought her visit : to w a close. . i. Tho nest 6tep was evidently to ascertainwhether Dr. Davis was linacr notice to leave at the time of Dr. Rcdfern's death or not. How was this to bo done ? To jntorrogate Duke Davis himself was out of the question., She wrote, howovcr, to Mr. Jonner; andlhe lawyer answered her letter in person. When Mr. Jenner heard what Dora had to tell ho looked very grave, and did not reply for some seconds. " Tou havo hoard something tooj. Mr.^ Jenner." said Dora, " I see it your face." " I havo," he replied ; " and my information corroborates yours. I engaged .a very sharp follow to make the acquaintance o£Baiikes, : the "butler, and learn what he could •from^hinu' -^It seems that Baukcs has a club, towhichho goes two or three times a week for an-'hour or two' intheeveuiug. Brown, my:man/-got;. admitted' to the club, and pumped Bankes most'ecientifi^ colly.- He.tells me there was a(peHecfc : harmony ' between all the members of Dr. 7 ?:"Bedfem's family, except betweon Dr. Davis; and^Dr,- Sedfern himself. The elder doctor^eemed'-to have, or thought he had, some, ground of complaint agaiiiBt the younger; while Davis he describes as touchy and: ready to; take'offence.; The-coolnesB was bo marked that attimies^they wouldlmrdly speak to edoh other, except when &eyjnetat; table. IhBankee's'opihiontheyoiing Burgeon thought he was-not treatedwitli-suffi- <aent consideration and reayect, while the old doctor thought that his assistant was not fit for his place. It is clear that Davis 'imagined that he was labouring under an injustice. Coupled with what JJfra. llcdlcra told you it.is very E'eiaous indeed." " It may seem very weak of mo, Mr. Jenner." «aid Dora, " but I cannot tell you how I shrink from going on with this." It was your own idea, Miss Tremayne," •said the solicitor coldly: " Tou aro quite right. But it seems so -dreadful to bo acting the part of a manhunter. Suppose Dr. Davis should be as innocent os Captain Everett ?" This feminine inconsistency irritated the cold- Hooded Jawvor. "One'or other must bo guilty* •'Alrights reserved.' bo far as l oan see," he;«aad,:flTOily.' ;.« : Bu .wfiw^ibn^ "thU-unuflualmode of^oeeeding/; It is for ' Vioi rl ti nt /Arnre • hisihnoc^ca' giiflt; "by;Ts ret,' But wouji iot hischance .ofcscapo he very much greater';if ittcould bo shown that someone elBe-had'^ui- intorast—os ihey say ho hod-^inDn'Bedfern's deatli - . N. dbnbnntf^ • " Undoubtedly." ' . ; ^ Theri-ImuBt goon with it. What is to bo " The next thing is to find out whether tho noh"beof di6inisBal whioh Dr.'Rodfem thought of giving' his assistant was Tcally sent." ' "'Ana how-can we ascertain that r" ««Qf:courwr it"woxdd fio t-do to qneetion Dr. D&V;^himself. We must look for documentary -eHdenee; It is po&Qblet; ; ilioiighs6t veiy likely, that if ~Bddfern g^-ve his-:assistant - a wiritten notice of dismissal ho may, have kept a copy-of-it.- But thore'is another difficulty. Dr.-Eedforn's papers were'taken away by tho dow,' polioeiV eat. -; •A-heavyfligh escaped from Dora»s hps. On every, side thero were doubts, misgivings, obstades';: 'If .'ouly she . had onV friena, one sympathising heart-to ; reat upon. then-her thoughts turned once. mbroVrasaTeyioftendid,: to Captain'"Evomtt. -.-^What'•: support . aridguidance, he vwould' haTe?: ^ven in suchi timev-'oE -difficulty and trouble. -Butit was 'he/lying helpless and- alone, within the prison wiUls'who'needed assistance; and the thought nerved the girTe Tiearfc bnte more. He had no one b'utherself toholpium! Xbrighi'thought struck her. " The police - couid uot keep Dr. Eedforn's papers for ever; They might want to keep flome, perhaps,-hat they would surely send back the rest after looking them through V" " It is possible, certainly."' " Who will get them when they do como back—Mrs; Bcdfern?". " The doctor^ executor, Mr. Payne, would have the custody of them." " Then I will ask him' to lot me see them." The lawyer smiled compawionately. u lam afraid it is hopeletatocrpect that he would allowyou to read them," he said. Dora did not like the pitying smile; but she took no offence.' "Can you think of'any other way of find* ing out what we want to know ?" she asked, gravely.- .. . - . " I confess I cannot." " Then I will see Mr. Payne at onco. • After all, I can hut try." • The lawyer then departed, leavingDoramore depressed in mind than he had found hor. Somehow an interview with Mr. Jenner always had this effeot on tho girl's spirits. Often she was tempted to give up in - despair tho task of proving her lover T « innocence; but ears. Many a time she wished sho had a more sympathising adviser; but it was imossiblo to get rid of Mr. Jenner, oven if she ad known of a more helpful counsellor. E CHAPTER XVI. TimSUSPICION IS CONFZSH&D.; Remembering Mr. Jenner's words, it was with some trepidation that Dora set out noxt morning to call on Mr. Payne. She chose an oarly hour, as slio thought the lawyer would be moro likely to bs disengaged than later in tho day; and as it turned out sho : judged correctly. After a littlo delay sho was shown into Mr. Payne's room. Ho handed hor a chair, seated himself, took off liisspoctacles^oid them on his desk, and waited to hoar what his visitor had to say. _ ^ "Ibelieve, sir," said Dora, " you aro Dr. Redferri's executor P" Tho old gentleman bowed politely but said nothing. . . , " And I think you also are, or were, afnond of his nephew, Captain Everett P" Mr. Payne's face bocame grave in an instant. He even flushed slightly. Again he bowed, tins time rather more sfiffiy. , " it is for hiBsaker-Captam Everett's—that I am 'here," said Dora, and as she spoke sho knew that she was blushing painfully. What- was she to say 'next? Sho was so. anxious.- to be sensible and bnsmess-liko, to put.her own sickening fears, her.ownfeclings in;thoi]ad&grouna.; ' But the lawyer waswaiting.M^euw.'fbr her^^vhextT^or^f .'Sfi'e mu iaysbmethirig. : * ?'. *';•-.' ' -I •' 41 Mr'Pavne, 3 1 • she ^ said^-ahriiptlyt:" do you lcnoV^^ther Dr. Eedfem .had dismissedhis assistajit, Dr. Davis; shortly before he.'died ?" Dora could not havo spoken more 'to the point. Mr. Payne was startled out of his composure. Had he, tho executor, allowed an assistant *who had been dismissed, or had been thought worthy of dismissal, to carry on the doctor's practice ? Ho did not like the idea; and he hardly knew how to answer the ques- " What reason have you for thinking that Dr. Davis had had notice to leave f" he asked, at length. Dora thought that her best policy was to be straightforward. . " Mrs. Bedfeni told me so," she replied. Mr. Payne moved uneasily in his chair. " Told you what ?" he said, almost sharply. " That Dr. Itedfern had intended to send Dr. Davis away and get another assistant. Sho doesn't know whether he actually cave him notice to leave; and I thought perhaps you could tell me." " May I ask what object you have in asking the question?" This was the question winch Dora had been expecting; and her answer—tho best she could think of—was ready : " It is necessary I should find out in Captain Everett's interests." "She is no fool, this young lady," was tho solicitor's inward comment. Aud howasriglit. At that moment Dora was saying to herself, He looked surprised when I mentioned it. Ho knows nothing about it, but ho doesn't like to say so." "I thought, perhaps, if the notice to leave had really-been given, some mention of it might •be found among Dr. Eedfern's papers. May I ask if you have.them ?" "Yes,tho. police returned them. But the simplest way would be to put the question to Dr. Davis himself." " Oh, no, no, Mr. Payne. That would never do." And the girl blushed again at her own vehemence. " But tho lawyer only nodded gravely, and said.nothing. " I thought perhaps you would let me look over the papers to find out the "truth," said Dora timidly. The solicitor almost jumped out of his chair at thisaudaciouB proposal. " "What 1"he cried. "Oh, impossible—impossible!" Mr. Jenner, then, had been quite right. Tho way was' absolutely barred. But Mf: Payne saw that tho tears had como into tho girl's eyes, and his heart softoned towards her.. "I'll tell you what I will do," ho added of tcr'a pause. " I will have all the documonts of a recent date overhauled, to see whether there is any' "ground for this idea.. Of course, Dr. Ecdfern may havo said casually to. his wife that he thought of dismissing liia assistant, without really intending to So so—or'Ho u may have.really meant. it, ana may never have done. ifci Still,,it will be as iwcll to ascertain. I will write and toll yOu the resulb ; df'the-examination—or, better still, you might.call." •'.. . . . Dora rose to her feet. « When shall I call?" she asked. " Oh, in about a week's time," said the lawyer, as he touched his bell.. •-" Aweek—^a whole week t" thought Dora. A whole week during which nothing could be done? ahd'the day of the trial growing nearer overyhour. ' But there- was nd help for it. One by ono Dora counted'the days as they went by ; and on the appointed morning she once more presented ;hcrself at ,-Mr. Payne's office. . . "Somoliow^slie.-thought that tho lawyer's manner was^ stiffer aha" 1 colder than it had been on "her previous visit. . " " Well/Miss—Miss Tremayno/iwo have been ovetctlibso papers, aid I mayisay that we Have found nothingitb" lcad'us tb. suppose thai your . . . .laptoin" engaged, .. I havoheen to see him in prison.. H ; buthejnay' : becondemnedif-7~— -s "''•£-;''" •: ?• V ".^t 'down^iny: dear youngilady,'?. iOld : geritieihari : iin saidth a' much :kuider.tone".'. " *down'fiud"tty to cbmposo"yourself. "Wliy 1 yon so anions to overhaul these papers?" " Because\i;-waht to show that others may have been iiiteroste'd in Dr. Eedfern's death us well as Captain Everett," said Dora, boldly. « My dear yoring. lady, .^thi8 is a very seriou£ matter. -You-should leave such-things to Captain Everett's, lawyers." " But whatCain they do ? What do they caro?. He has no one but me—no one " " Well, woll, I'll see what can be done. I don't see that there could be any great harm in your looking over tho papers if. vou briug mo a note from Captain Everett, saying that he considers it necessary for the purpose of'his defence.. .But yoii.inust not remote.any of them. I -will -give 'you^a'^Tobm upstaireayhere J on - C1U work undistuibcd—unless you chansre your mind ahd take, my word that there is'iio t you the howuig moution of dismissing Dr. Davis in any of the documents.' - • • - ' Dora could hardly speak her thanks, and sho went away full of hope. Even tho smallest ray of light-iB wolcomo when tho night is black around us. Or course thoro were delays. Tho note from Captain Evorott had to be obtained through Mr. Jenner, and Mrs. Fairfield's very natural scruples and objections had to bo answored. At length, howevor, Mrs. Fairfield gavo tho roquired permission; aud a foggy November morning found Dora seatod in a dusty, urcless littlo room in tho lawyer's offico. with a whole pilo of letters, documents, and account books before hor. Of course ft was not nccossary to soarcli very far back—two months at most; for Mrs. Bodfern had fixed a month before hor husband s death as about thetimo ho had mentioned lus intention to her. Dora began with the letters, and patiently waded through soma scores of them. Dr. Davis's namo aid not occur in ono of them. Then she went through the books— day-hook, memoranda, oven tho cash-book and the counterfoils in tho cheque- book—all in vain. After that sho took up tho letter-book containing pross copies on thin paper of letters written by Dr. Eedforn to various correspondents. Patiently Dora wadod through them:all. paining her eyes to read tho faint and blurred impression in tho dolllightof.the.winter'B day; aud eho came to the last of them without mbet> ing'one word, ono hint, of what she wanted/to know. This completed tho list of tho books and documonts which sho had desired to search. Nearly five hours sho had spent over them ; her fingers were numb with cold; and her heart is heaw as lead With a kiaa of subdued groan, she lot tho book fall open on hor lop, aiul covered her face with her ndnds. Then, withdrawing her hands, she sat staring almost vacantly at tho book before her. Without knowing what she did, sho read the letter at which tho book had opened. It was dated 12th September, and was written to a man named Dickinson, at Bristol, enclosing a prescription. The number of tho page, in bold black printed figures, stared her in the face—341. Mechanically eho turned a page backwards. This was a lottor about a surgical instrument which tho doctor had ordered aud which had notproved.satisfactorv; it, also, was dated 12th September. She read the letter as if it possessed groat interest for her, did so mechanically, as a relief to hor over-burdened brain; and as sho finished read: ing it she glancod at the number of the page— 339. "Imust have skipped a page; these leaves are so thin," she thought to herself ; and with a vaguo desire to see what lay between, she turned tho leaf again. No. There was nothing between tho two leaves. Whero was the loaf numbered 310 ? It was missing. What if tho letter of dismissal had been written, and copied on this missing leaf ? And what if Dr. Davis had scorched the letter-book and torn out the copy ?" With a flushed face and an excited look in her eyes, Dora mado her way to Mr. Payne's room, and plaoed the bookbeforo him. "See!" she cried, "a leaf has been torn out." " So I pcrcoivc. But what of that? Dr. Eedfcrn mav have spoiled if. Or be may havo taken a copy of some letter and may have afterwards changed his mind about preserving it, and destroyed the copy on purpose." "Do you think it means nothing, then?" askoil Dora. " Oh, how can we tell what it moans r" said the lawyer, pushing tho book away with some irritation. "As evidence, it is absolutely worthless." Thoroughly discomfitod, Dora crept away. On her way home she passed through Bolton Squaro; und somo impulse prompted her to call on Mrs. Eodfern. The widow had helped hor already. Might she not do so a second time ? Sho ran up the steps and rang the bell. Mrs. Eedfcrn was at homo and alone. " Oh, Mrs. Eedfcrn !" cried Dora, as soon as they wero alono, " I do wish you would help I will if I can," said tho good-natured a an. "What is it?" I only want to know whether Dr. Redfern really did give Dr. Davis notice to leave, or whether ho only meant to do it, I can't tell you why, but it is of the utmost importance." st " Why don't you ask Dr. Davis ? I'll do so, ifyoulike." " Not just yet,please, Mrs. Ecdfern." " Oh, I see; there is some mysteiy about But Dora did not dare to confide in a person : Mrs. Eedforn's ready tonguo. " Indeed, the secret (such as there is) is not ine, ItiB poor Captain Everett's." " Really ? Well, I know there aro things one mustn't be inquisitive about; I consider it is so vulgar to show curiosity. Don't you, Miss Tremayne ?" "If I only could find out tho truth !"cricd Dora. Tho widow was silent for amoment. " There was a littlo memorandum-book which tho doctor used to cany about with him in his watch-pockct," oaia she, after a moment's thought. " If there is any entry such as you wantto find, that would bo the place to look for it." "Do you know where the memorandumbook is?" asked Dora, with breathless anxiety. " The police took' away oil my husband's papers—I thought it so horrid of them, and so unnecessary—but this was such a littlo tiny thing, they may have overlooked it. I'll go and see if I can find it." Mrs. Eedfcrn left the room, and in ten minutes she returned, with a very small icmorandum-book in her hand. " Hero it is !" she exclaimed triumphantly. I found it iuside a big book on my dressingtable. It is so thin, you see; the book lay quite flatalthoughit wasinsido. Itwasby the merest chance that I took up tho book, and it fell out. I faucy the doctor must have been rcadiug, and slipped in the note-book as a marker, and forgot to take itout." As she talked, the widow was turning over the leaves of the little book. "Do bo careful to miss nothing, dear Mrs. Ecdfern J" cried Dora, in an agony of impatieucc. Slowly and deliberately tho widow turned trer the leaves. " Here it is!" sho cried, suddenly. Twelfth September. Wrote to L. D., giving him notico to leave." ' Oh, may I see it ?" cried Dora. Yos: was there in tho dead man's own handwriting. "You may think it strange that Dr. Eedfem said nothing to mo about it," said the widow, as sho put away the littlo note-book ; " but that wos just the doctor's fault; ho was BO very reserved. I do thiuk one can be too reserved; don't you, Miss Tremayne ?" " Yes ; but I fancy Dr. Ecdfern did not wish to disturb you with the prospect of a change, until it was close at hand." " I daresay you are right. My poor liusbond was vory considerate, too. But I think it would be a pity to mention this to Mx. Payne," sho added. " Dr. Davis is getting on so niccly; and it is so much pleasantor to havo him in the house than a stranger." " I shall not say anything to Mr. Payne," answorcd-Dora. "I ata not likely to see him again. But dou't you think he ought to know, if lie intends to let Dr. Davis liavo' the practice ?" "I'm sure I dou't know," said the widow; " I will ask Harvey what he tliinks. But perhaps it would be better not. Harvey is so masterful, and so inconsiderate." And, glad to avoid answering still moro inconvenient questions, Dord: bade tho widow good ovening, and cBcapedfrom tho house. CHAPTER xvn. LUKE:DAVISCOXSOIATOB. Olivia Dangerfield had found it impossible to remain in the samo room with her successful rival—as Dora Tremayne was in her eyes. When she left the dmwihgroom, on the occasion of Dora's visit to Mrs. Eodfern, it was all Bhe could do to keep-tho passions which : wore raging in her breast from appearing in her face. ' Sho felt as if she must be alono, and mado her way at ou'ce to her own room, forgetting that it was just then undergoing a process of cleaning. On reaching it sho hoard o e Sincc the doctor's death it had been avoided by overv member of the family. No one would disturb her there. she took from a small closet a largo railway rug, for she. remembered there woula be no fire in the library, and' that tho room would be as cold as tho street on which the snow was fulling fast. The library door was locked ; but tho koy was outside, so that it was easy io open tho door. Then transferring the key to tho other side, she locked herself in, and at lust found the' solitude she needed.. The room was gloomy as well as cold, for the afternoon was waning,, and tho blinds were drawn. The snow outside deadened tho sound of tho footsteps of tho few people who were passing, and made the noise of the carriages which occasionally crossed at the other side of thesquarodull uml distant, as if ..in a dream. Throwing herself on tho ooucih~tkeoouchoa which a few weeks before Dr. Eedfern's dead body had re.Ucil—tho girl gave herself up to the Indutgcncoof horfechngs.:-' There is always a luxury in giving tho reins to any strong emotion, even grief itself; and in Olivia's heart more than ono focling was struggling for predominance. At oue moment grief/pure and wnocQutin itself, overcome her. The lossof Captain Everett was moro than she could boar; and the poor girl foolishly spent many minutes in recalling his face, his loola, thekind words he had sometimes spoken to her, tho pleasant talk, and the merry laugh with which tho room was olwnysl) tightened whonhoonteredit. Howproud sho wooid have been of her soldier-husbaad. How happy sho would have' boon with him, and how happy she would have made him. Then a flood of tears relieved her; and before thoy wero dried sho hoard voices and steps in tho hall. It was Dora on her way out. This turnod Olivia's thoughts into a new channel. How sho hated that girl, with her quiet, reserved air, and her dignified carriage. Gladly at that moment would the child-like creature lying on the oouch have done her rival a mortal injury. She clenched her linnds till the ' tiny- nails bit into the skin, as sho thought that she—tho girl whom 6ho had never liked, who was a contrast to hersolf in every particular-^hotild 'rcb her heart of its treasure. She felt as if revenge would bo sweeter than the gratification of love itself. 4 And by degrees • this bitter feeling spread to thoman who had been the cause of her humiliation and her suffering. What right had ho, after behaving himself so as to causa her to lose herheart, to seek another? Ho wasthe one to blame. She hardly knew whether she loved or hated himmoBt. It was with a savage joy she remembered that he too was suffering, In the midst of her mental wanderings Olivia heard a footstep, not in the hall, but on the steps conncctiag the library with tho surgery. It'had not occurred to her that eho might bo disturbed from that direction. Instinctively she raised herself to a sitting position, and then remained perfectly still. The door opened and Luke Davis entered hurriedly. Going straight to one of the bookcases, he selected a -volume, and then, crossing to the window, he pulled up the blind and began to turn over the leaves of the book ho wished to consult. Olivia rnmaincd perfectly still. Ho had not noticed that anyone besides himself was in the room. Perhaps he might go out without perceiving her. But as ho closed the biok and took a step towards thebookcose to renlaee it on the shelf, he caught Bight of Olivia, sitting erect whon ho raised his head he was blushing liko a girl. Olivia gave a little laugh at his discomfiture. "I bog your pardon, I am sure, MIbi Dangerfield; I had no idea you were here. Don't you find it very cold J" said the young doctor. "No, not particularly. I came here for a little quiet." "Somotliing has happened to disturb you— to distress you," ho said, gently drawing near her as ho spoke. " Oh, no," said Olivia, turning her face away, " I wish you would tell mo what is troubling you—that is if 1 can be of any use." Olivia said to herself that she wished tho mnn wero gono ; but it was only a prefeencc. She ivasfeoliug very lonely ;d though " ' she could ' * not toll lum tho cause of her misery, hiB sympathy was pleasant to her. " It is nothing of any importance," sho answered, still keeping her face averted. " If I ouiy had tho right to comfort yon," cricd Dr. Dans. If Olivia had been told five minutes before that sho would have listened to such words with tolerance, aud even with somctliingof complaccncy, she would have lojected the idea as an insult. But that would only liavo been because sho did not know her own heart. Most people say they are astonished when they hear of a rejected lover marrying somebody else in six months, and they talk of broken hearts which arc cosily healed, and so forth. Nine out of ton of them would do exactly the same thing. The soul is as intolerant of pain as is thebody, and when it is injured it cravcs a healing salve, as much as does a wounded limb. Few aro strong enough to reject such consolation as they con come by ; aud even with thom, it is as often prido as any deeper feeling which makes them faithful to an unrequited and barren affection. But Olivia did not intend to acccpt Dr. Davis's sympathy beyond a certain point. " You ore very kind," sho murmured, still without looking up. Dr. Davis's lovu liad been so long kept on very small cruinb3 of comfort that ho was delighted with this reply. He fancied, too, that it was spoken in a gentler tone than ho had been accustomed to; end thiseLcouroged him to go on. " You know it would bo tho dearest wish of my life to guard you from oil trouble and aunoyance—from oveiything which could bring so much as one tear to your eyes," he said earnestly. Olivia made no reply. It was very gratifying to find that in one heart, at least, sho still reigned supreme. If only ho would stop at that point of devotion. " Dear Miss Dangerfield," said the young doctor, taking the girl's slender finders in his owu, " if ouly you would accept my lovo. " Ho could hardly havo spoken better, but Olivia was not pleased. " I do wiBhyou would not revert to that subject," she saitl, irritably 6uatelmig away her hand. " I am very glacl to have your friendsliip, and I am grateful for it; but when you go on in that way you spoil all." Luke Davis saw that he must be patient. He sighed and turned away. " Surely lie will go now," said tho girl to horself. But she really did not wish him to go ; and so long as ho could remain near her, Luko Davis had no mind to depart. Wasu't that Miss Treinayno who was calling a little ugo V" he asked, selecting the first tonic that occurred to him. "Ye!" Dr. Davis was not quick of perception ; but the tone in which this wasBaid did not cscapo " Olivia dislikes her," he said to himself ; " can it be that sho is jealous of her ?". . Half a dozen littlo things not thought of at tho tunc—tones, looks, unimportant words, smiles—recurred to his memory. Ho had long before settled In liis own mlud that it must bo Captain Everett whom Olivia preforrcd to himself. If sho wns jealous of Dora Tremayne, it seemed clear that it must be because Captain Evorett preferred Dora to her. If eo, surely that promised well for him—Luke Davis. As thcyoung doctor turned theso tilings over in liis mind, Olivia's thoughts wero busy in another directiou. All the bad passions which Dr. Davis's presence bad dissipated returned in full forco at liis mention of Dora's nar Hie light which gleamed for a moment Olivia's eyes was tierco in its hate. She c^ allowed wild, impossible thoughts of revenge to tako possession of her mind. Could not Dr. Davis, eho wondered, manage to give this crcaturc a sleeping draught from which she woiddnever wake? Shewondci had really been ho who poisoned She told herself that if her lover would conscnt to be the instrumentof her vengeance her hand should bo his reward. She did not really meou it. She did not seriously contcmplato marry- ing a murderer or becoming ono herself, but it pleased hor to gratify the longing for .: in her heart by indulging in these fancii '' I had an idea that Captain Everett admired Miss Tremayne," said Luke Davis. He merely as a feeler, and ho was not prepared for theauswer which followed. " She has engaged herself to him." " Is it possible ? Poor thing! " Davis claimed, involuntarily. " I don't see why she is to be pitied," said Olivia, sharply. " Not to bo pitied! Eng.iged to a man with such n. dreadful charge hanging " But hemustbo acquitted. He canuot bo guilty." Then, suddenly struck by something' guilg? h, of c o not.' " Dr. Davis, do you really mean that people generally do think him guilty ? ?r "I amafraid they do?' wastl after a littlo hesitation. "But why should suspicion light upon him any moro than upon you or me, or anyone olsc in tho house ?'' " Becauso he had an opportunity, at least he may have had an opportunity, of administer-in, thep oison." " But you had that, and Bankes, the butler, as well as he." " Miss Dangerfield." said the doctor in alow tone, "there is an old proverb that is a pressure guide in such cases. It bids us ask Cut lono that is, Who would benefit by it? Now, any ono might reap some benefit accidentally, as'it were, by another's death; but, apart from that kind of thing, what raomber of the family stood to profit by the death of the poor old gentleman? Not Mrs. Eodfern, certainly, nor you, nor any of the aervauts. Nor Harvey Presoott. Ho did hot tako 'anything under lis stepfather's will, and he know he would take nothing, as ho bad means of hie own. „ X)r. Rod fern did not eEoml in his-way in the slightest degree. Then there in .^myself and Captain Everett. I put my sol foot of tho qu ition, for cvan hud I desired to give tho poison, I had no op}>ortunity of doing it—and for that matter, tho only one,- practically, who had the opportunity wos Captain Everett. " But the point is this. Captain Evorett was tho one to uencfit by hiB uncle's death. Ho knew that his uncle had road© a new will, by which ho was (so to say) cutoff with a shilling; and ho know that tluit will only needed his uncle's signature." "But " " I know what von aro going to aay—that they were roconcucd that evening. But how aro wo to know thnt ? Supposing that Captain Everett wero really guilty, do you tliiiik it likely that be would admit tiiat ho loft the house that night unreconciled to his uncle ? The adiniflsiou would linve put the rope around his neck at onoc. If the reconciliation did not take place, it is plain that Dr. Eedfern's death meant wealth instead of poverty for bis nephew—aud the old man dies cf poison half an hour after his nephew Jftares the bouse !" For somo moments Olivia said notliing. By this time it had becomo noarly dark ; it was too dark for Dr. Davis, who stood a little way off, to'see the expression of her face. " Then what weighs BO heavily against Optain Everett is, that it is supposed he had a strong reason for desiring, his uncle's death ?" "That and the fact tuat ho knew whore the poison was kept, and that he alone had the opportunity of administering it." " But if it oould be shown that Dr. Eedforn and ho really did part good friends ?" " I should think that would secure his aequittal. I don't bcc how aay jury could eonvict lum if tlrnt wore proved. But how could it be proved P" " Dr. Davis, it is gcttiug very dark," said Olivia, suddenly. " Really, I ought not to stay hero any longer, but I find this chat with you lias doue mo so much good ; it has quite driven my headachc away." And almost before the young doctor eould utter a parting word Olivia had reached the door, with a single adroit movement she turned both the handle and tho key at the same moment, so tliat her companion should not be able to perceive tlmt tho door had been locked ; aud then, having gained tho hall, she hastily retreated to the upper part of the CHAPTER XTin. A XEW riECB OF CTXDBKGE TUILNS UP, ; was with pardonable prido that Dora told Mr. Jenner the result of her rascarchce among Dr. Rciiforn's papers. Sho was so anxious to communicate tho important news of the diary that she did not put off time by sending for the lawyer, but coaxed Mrs. Fairfield to let her pay Iiim a fiying visit in p Dr. Eedfern's own handwriting. Don't tliink that I briug any charge against Dr. Davis," alie added, suddenly. *' He may Now I can show that somebody else had such a motive as well as lie. Then there is the leaf torn out of the letter-hook on tho very date of the entry iu tho little diary—the 12tU of Sep- Mr. Jcuucr nodded gravely. In truth, lie as tliinking that he would almost chango places with Everett, if only ho had such a lovely advocato to give her brain and heart and tonguo in liis cauBO. And, indeed, Dora did look beautiful, in spite of her t hin cheeks aud the dark spots under her eyes, as, lier checks flushed with the cxcitenicut of hope, she poured forth hor little story. "There can be no question that you have lo a most important discovery, Miss Tremayno," said tho lawyer, atleugth. "ButI afraid that it will lose half its force unless can sliow.that Dr. Davis was in the library, at least, that he might have beeu there, after the colTcc wus brought into the room. Captain Evorett said at tho inquest, you will remember, that he could not recollect whether Dr. Eodfern had drunk liis coffoa before ho left tho library to accompany his nephow to the hall door, or not. I will see Captain Everett agaiu, and ask him to try to refresh hiB mcmoiy on that point. Everything turns upon it, you see." "But ho would not bo able to give evidence, would he?" asked Dora, timidly. " No ; but what he could say would be most useful for cross-examination. There is ono other point," added Mr. Jenner, as Dora roso to go. " I think it would bo prudent to givo notico to the Crown authorities of tho existence of this diary or memorandum-book. If it wero sprung upon them at tho trial they would do what they could to tlirow doubt upon its authenticity : and, in fact-, it would come before the Court with a certain aroma, as it were, of suspicion attaching to it. Mrs. Ecdfern did not wilfully conceal it from tho police, did sho ?" She found it accidentally, only last uight," said Dora. " Then she has no reason to objcct to showing it to them. I will mention it at the office of the Solicitor to the Treasury. And I will sco whether Captain Everett's memory cau recall the information wc want; and let you know the result." That very day Mr. Jenner visited the prison, and questioned and cross-questioued his client, all to no purpose. Captain Everett did not remember Dr. Davis coining into tlio surgery while he was there. Had Dr. Davis been there he would cortuinly have noticed it at the time, and would probably -have remembered it. Yes ; Dr. Ecdfern stood with him at the Iiail door a good while—perliaps throe or four minutes. But on the all- important point whethorDr. Eedfcrn took the coffee before ho accompanied his nephew to tho door or not, Captain Everett could not speak with ccrtainty. He had seen Dr. Eodfern make the coffco in the glass machine ; but he could not remember seeing liim drink it. When Captain Everett heard of tho exertions which Dora had mado for him the tears sprang into his eyes, and for a momout ho could not trust himself to speak. But when tho lawyer told liim of the discovery of tho itry in tho memorandum-book and of tho ig leaf tho lctter- boolc he ' fairly startled. I could not hav believed it," he said at length. Could not have believed what r" " That Dr. Davis could havo done such a thing. He alwavs seemed to mo a civil, jiloasant follow—a little weak, perhaps, but with no harm iu him. Tho fact is, continued Everett, " I had a suspiciou before that Davis must havo had souictliing to do with it; but I put it from ino and mentioned it to no oue." "If it was his object to get Dr. Eedforn's practice, he has succeeded," said tho solicitor. " I am told that ho has established himself in 3'Ouruncle's place by this timo. Well, I thiuk tilings look much brighter for you now." And with these words the lawyer took his loavo. From tho prison Mr. Jenner wont to the officc of the Solicitor to the Treasury, and asked for an interview with the official who was charged with tho prosecution of Captain Everett—a Mr. Brady. " iliavo called," said Mr. Jcuueras ho took hisseat, " to inform you of acirenmstaucetimt lias come to our knowledge—to the knowledge of tho defence, vou understand—in this case. Yon may remember tho name of a Dr. Davis, who was Dr. Eedfern's assistant, and lived 1 U Mr. Brady nodded. "Now,it is one of your stroug points against my client that (excepting lor his own ansortion) there is nothing to 6liow that he had not a very strong interest in his uncle's death." Mr. Brady nodded again, preserving a grave, impassive look. " It now turns out that tlii6 Dr. Davis, who, as well as Captain Evorett, remember, know that this poison was kept in the surgery, had also a verystrong interest in desiring the death of bis employer. Ho had a very good position at Dr. Eedfern's, and, no doubt, looked forward to succeeding to thcpracticc. And he had a private reason for wishing to continue being an inmate of the doctor's establishment. But wo have every reason to believe that he had received notice of disuiiBsal, and that the notice had only a few days to run at tho date of Dr. Bodfern's death. It was a question for liim of an assured position aud a comforLublo income, against being turned out into tho world, with. I ?ancy, not very flattering testimonials." (to he contlnutcd.) 