Execution of Louisa Collins. SYDNEY, Tuesday Morning. This unfortunate woman was executed shortly after 9 o'clock this morning. She was accom panied and supported to the gallows by two female warders, having been previously pin ioned, and to which act she submitted with resignation. At the gallows she was taken by the hangman and his assistant. The Rev. Canon Rich stepped on to the plat form alongside the woman and read a portion of the funeral service, after which the attendant adjusted the white cap. The hangman then adjusted the noose and pulled the rope sharply round the neck of his victim. The woman faltered slightly, but she bore up well. The hangman then signalled to his assistant to pull the lever, but the bolt stuck fast, and a hammer had to be used to loosen it. Before the trap fell the woman was almost choked, and on the drop cord tightening, her throat was cut open and the blood spurted out of the wound. Death was instantaneous, and not the slight est quiver of the muscles was noticable to indicate pain or suffering. (From Tuesday's Echo.) The melancholy event which has of late so com pletely occupied the attention of the public, namely, the execution of Louisa Collins, which was three weeks since fixed for to-day as a penalty for the murder of her husband, Michael Peter Collins, on or about the 8th July last, was this morning carried out within the walls of Durlinghurst gaol. At about 7 a.m. a few straggling pedestrians took up positions on either side of the gaol, intending to wait and learn as early as possible of the fate of the doomed woman, and, as the hour drew near, 9 o'clock, a crowd of about 200 persons gathered out side the main entrance, about half as many being scattered around the remainder of the walls. A few minutes before 9 o'clock tho sheriff (Mr. Cowper), the deputy -sheriff (Mr. Maybury), and a representa tive of each of the five metropolitan daily papers entered the gates of the courthouse, which were carefully guarded by three wardors. As each order was presented it was most carefully looked over, and, being found correct in every particular, tho bearer was allowed to pass. Tho visitors' book was then signed, and a move made in tho direction of the gaol, access being gained by means of a sub terranean passage. A halt was made in the inner courtyard, and at six minutes after the hour a warder stationed on a balcony adjacent to the con demned cell called ' All right.' The visiting surgeon (Dr. Maurice J. O'Connor), who was accompanied by Dr. Brownless (nominated for the occasion by the Government Medical Officer), then, with the five press representatives, the gaol dispenser, and Sub-Inspector Hyem, proceeded to the open space in front of the gallows, which, as on some recent occasions, was erected in the east wing, at the north eastern end of the gaol. No sooner had this weird piece of human workmanship met their gaze than the Rev. Mr. Rich stepped into view, solemnly reciting the burial service. The condemned woman followed closely behind with a firm step, accompanied by two female warders, and the executioner (Howard) and his assistant brought up the rear. The prisoner, whose arms had already been pinioned, was attired in a long loose brown gown of coarse texture, slightly caught in at the waist. Her gaze was rivetted to the ground, and her outward demeanour showed that she fully realised her serious position. As opportunities offered, she made the responses to the words of the clergyman, but neither sobbed nor shed a tear. No other words than those suggested by the burial service itself escaped her lips, and the only bodily movement was a slight twitching of the hands. The service ended, the assistant executioner placed the white cap over the prisoner's head and face, the woman herself pulling one of the lower corners down and adjusting it to her neck. This done, the hang man slipped the rope over the woman's head, and, pulling the noose tight with a couple of hard jerks, motioned to the assistant to pull the lever. This action proved not so easy of execution, a stool pin which had been applied to prevent the crank from slipping having set the lever fast. In vain were attempts made to release the bolt, and, at length, a warder had to be called for the use of a mallet. Meanwhile, the prisoner thinly stood, as she also did when the noise of the mallet rang through the air. Just at nine minutes past 9 the bolt was re leased, and the woman fell through the trap. When immediately seen suspended through the opening in the gallows, it seemed as if the .head of the unfortu nate culprit was parting from the body. Not the slightest movement was perceptible about the body. The hands immediately turned purple. On exami nation it was found that there was an unseemly large gaping wound in the throat, and that the wind pipe was torn right through. Death was clearly in stantaneous. The drop allowed was slightly more than .°itl. At 2'J minutes past !- Dr. O'Connor certi fied to the death of the prisoner, and the executioner at once set about taking the body down. This pro ceeding lasted up to '211 minutes to 10 o'clock, at which hour those who had witnessed the carrying out of the extreme penalty provided by the law, with the exception of the warders, took their departure. Since the day on which the prisoner was awarded the death sentence, she has been constantly attended by the Rev. Mr. Rich, who, in speaking of the un fortunate woman, said that she had been very earnest in her prayers, and most attentive to his ministrations. She confessed all her sins to Almighty God, and asked and believed that she might obtain forgivenesss. During her incarceration he noticed a great change in her appearance, her mental anxiety giving her a care-worn look. She recognised her poition keenly, and was prepared to meet her fate, showing great coolness all through. Her external demeanour, she informed him, wiih simply the aspect presented by "the shell" from which it was inferred that she was not nearly so callous as her semblance made her appear. No written confession has been left behind by the condemned. She took leave of her children yester day, passed a good night, and awoke nt 7 o'clock this morning. The funeral is to take place at Rook wook this afternoon, under the supervision of the police. 28 years have elapsed since a female was hanged in the colony, when a woman named Monks suffered the death penalty for fatally stabbing her husband, and it is 40 years since a woman was executed in Sydney. In connection with this case the Evening News states : — Many singular coincidences are related in connection with the career of Louisa Collins, and the more venturesome go so far as to attribute to her other tragedies. Among these may be mentioned the circumstances surrounding the death of a baby, whose parents occupied the next house to this woman. The child was about eight or nine days old when Mrs. Collins visited tho house— a most un usual occurrence — and suggested that the child should be given some condensed milk, which she almost immediately produced. She then insisted, it is alleged, on feeding the child, and having done so left the house. Soon after her departure the baby took ill, and died suddenly. A second case to be quoted is that of an ex-cavalry soldier, named Coulter, who boarded with the Andrews family. He was at one time a hale, hearty, fine-looking man, but during his residence in Botany gradually seemed to waste away, and was repeatedly complaining of sickness. On one occasion he went ' up country' for the benefit of his health, and also went to a hospital. There the doctors were quite unable to in any way account for the sickness. However, Coulter recovered and returned to Botany, where he replied to an inquiry about his health — 'Oh! I'm getting very bad again. I've had enough ot it, and I'm off.' He soon after left for England. Another remarkable episode in the whole affair is related as follows : — Tbe blood-curdling connections of Pople's Terrace having led to a painful feeling in the minds of a small section of the community, some, more super stitious than the rest, conjured up a ghost. The inevitable Christmas ghost of the lonely suburb ! Those who started this most ridiculous of all theories positively aver, with blanched faces, bated breath and trembling nervousness, that on stated occasions, stifled, agonised and blood curdling moanings, together with sounds as if caused by a person retching, have been distinctly heard at the house since the committal of the crimes. As the house is still untenanted, it is not unfair to surmise that the ghost conjuror has been over-awed by the solemn stillness of some lovely night, and that recollections of a ' good-night' drink have muddled a superstitious brain. 