?'Townspeople Smiling-' So said our telegram yesterday, referring to the miners' strike at Broken Hill : ' The townspeople are smiling at the prospect of business becoming flourishing again.' Just bo. Every strike of workers dirootly affeots non- workers. Suspension of work in a pit or factory produoee sooial gloom and com mercial dullness. It drives tho sunshine from people's faces ; it enshrouds thorn with appro nensive ana somDre looks. It layB a leaden .weight on their hearts. It raises ghosts of ill omen in their homes and shops, 'it puts in numerable debits in tradesmen's books. ? It too often breeds mischief out of malico in cottage homeB. It makes mild men morose and amiable women angry. It invari ably leaves ill effeots somewhere. A proportion of men are worse off than they wera before. Some ore probably permanently displaced from situations of work long held. It takes imnths to make up tho looses of a few weeks. Then thero are tho eedinienta of ill-will and bad feel, ing reeking within the breasts of both masters and men. Muoh of good ought to be gaiaed to justify the creation of such fever-beds of rancour and revenge. Too often the positive g*io does net justify the resultant harm. The impulsive action of revenge, or prido, or even ju-rico is rarely successful. Arbitration before the im pulse is better than self-oond-muation after. Those who gD to war of any sorr with out duo consideration of results are culpable. Blighting bright hopes, darkening chuerful homeB, disorganising sooial relations, stirring up bud feeling, piling up debtB in trades r'aea's ledgers, half starving women and ohildreu, are all serious effects of bi£ strikes. When tho in iuttioe is (0 palpable that suffering is pref erablo to t hame and wrong:, thtn the results have to be risked, and everybody is prepared to ah tre in tholosB. It was so with the dookers' strilco ia London. 'Ihe hardships of tho workers were notorious. But evon there the minist-jra of pea;e were bettor than the marshals of wur. Had the Lord Mayor of London, the Bi'bIi ip of London, and Cardinal Manning beon ask-id to interpose beforo the strike, it is possible ttmfc tha faces of Jmothers and;ohildren, of landlord-) and tradesmen, might nover have lost their a-niles. It is frankly admitted that Australian god paved that strike from collapse. Alas ! that there should be. need for these social ojnvul i-ioBs ; the»o labour wara ; theso gloomy faooa and hearts ! Conciliation is always better than oonttntion. 