THE 'WHANGDOODLE' ON THE BAMPAGE, AND IN GREAT TRIBULATION. To the Editor of the ' Standard.' Sib,— The 'Whangdoodle'' has dropped its cry for a ta(i)le, and now wants a supple ment. But unfortunately for its managers supplements cost money, and somebody has asked Commissioner Patterson to put a duty of 4d per 1b. on them. Now I would like to know, in the erent of the ' Standard ' having to drop its supplement through a M»L!I^ttw- 4.__4 m!i^.«. a1._ mill ? uvUilllUVC kU . WUCWM3& U1C W lUUlg doodle ' will give us a Colonial supplement. If they will giye us one I will immediately become a subscriber ; but as it is at present, I merely borrow it, as I consider it the most impotent pennyworth of stale news in existence. ' : 3Cbe 'yelper? ha* been reading the 'Hemington Spectator,' and finds that some 'fluter ' has been giving his opinion about your organ, and concludes that it displays as much wit and humor as an average Chinaman. Now I dont associate with his yellow brethren, and therefore cannot say whether he is correct or not, but judging by his knowledge of a Chinaman's wit tbe ' Standard's must be poor indeed. But when next lie is inclined to 'flute' in Flemington will he draw a com parison with the 'Wnftngdoodle?'' Probably he has never heard of it, if not, I would advise him to sec it at once before it beoomes a 'dead bird.' Our only ' Whangdoodle ' has got another 'yelper' named the 'Observer,' and in their last yelp he gives ns some of his one eyed 'observations,' the first is headed EOUB GRAPES, and goes on to show t!i«.t the ' Standard ' is like the fox, and cries sour grapes because a certain councillor was not made a 3. P., end rejoices to know that nobody snarls but the 'Standard,' Truly this Railway Com missioner, 'ObBerver,' or whoever he is, must hare stripped the Tree of Knowledge to huno that ' not a voice has been heard against the appointments.' Does he think that the large number of ratepayers who signed Mr Tarrer's requisition do not feel the insult Heaped upon them! Will ' Observer,' or any of Derhatn'e henchmen, tell the people of the Port from a public platform that the exclusion of Cr Tarver'B name from the late appointments is the act of a gentleman (?). His next subject is put in the form of a question, and asks ' - IS IT SHAM SVMPATHT, And he goes on to tell ns that he was nearly overcome in reading that the 'Standard' had expressed its sympathy At the continued ill- health of his dear Member, and tries to that his jpock&t; handkerchief was so -brty that it prevented him withdrawing it from his pocket, even to wipe his old spectacles. Istl&wft;«ptoyie ebawhwa of aCnina man? Surely the editor of tie 'Standard' Is humane enough to sympathise even with a crippled -log that may be in pain, and 'why not in Mr Berham's case ? But probably the editor of the ' Standard ' may feel like myself without being hypocritical. And speaking, for myself ISr Derham cam please himself whether he dies or lives, as far as I am concerned, but I, too, should feel very sorry to learn that he was stiU in pain. Now, Mr ' Observer,' would you say that my sympathy was a ehatn ! 'Observer's' next yelp at the 'Standard' is about the altercation which took place between Cr Quinn and Constable Porter, and he heads his remark thus — MOUNTAIN OUT OF A HOLE HHi. Which of course means that there was nothing in it. But, Mr 'Observer,' suppose you or I had jostled the policeman in the same manner, as has been described to me by many eye witnesses who saw the whole aflair, would we not have been locked up, if so, why not a J.P.t Surely there are plenty at large now in the Borough. Again, if the constable was wrong in not doing, as the J.P. thought, what waa his duty, why didn't the J.P. report the constable * There is a screw loose somewhere, and probably it will be discovered yet. Instead of snarling at the ' Standard ' for fearlessly reporting such, ocenrences, the poor nonentity that penned such twaddle should commend it, and I would say to the ' Whangdoodle,' if it be honest, 'go and do thou likewise.' And to Mr 'Observer' I would advise him to lock up in the cells of his brain (if he has any, and if they have not run to train oil) the following four lines, as sacred to the memory of Scotland's poet, Robert Burns, who was ever.e. hater of shams : — Here's treedom toe him that wad reid, Here's freedom Ue him ttat waa *nte ; {beard. There's nane ever feared that the truth wad be But they trhun the truth wad indite. But cannot this penny whistle fossick up news for itsdf without having to get its cue from the 'Standard.' Surely a paper with 14 directors — parsons, lawyers, managers, etc— who can with their 'push' make J.'sP. in galore, can send a Derham to Parliament, a Davies to the Upper House (where he creates langhter) — in fact can work miracles and oracles while the dollars are about. But amongst the whole of the tribe they cannot muster sufficient brain power to cope with a Salmon and a 'Standard.' Surely, I say, there must be another screw loose somewhere. ' Mr. ' Observer' will you be good enough to get funny again next week, and tell the readers of the ' Standard ' -what is the exact circulation of the 'Whangdoodle,' which will be declared first, a div., a call, or a funeral. Have you money enough left out of your £2,500 to give a banquet to two ghosts, the 'Whangdoodle' and its 'Guardian?' In conclusion, Mr 'Observer,' observe this. My fluting can be stopped with a J.P. -ship if you can work the oracle, and I promise you in return to re-join the Scotch church ; 111 swallow the 39 articles, or 139 for that matter, and 111 belie-ce in anything you like from the Bible's Trinity to Ohaspe's multiplicity, and all -'on principle.' I'll heap coals of fire on Salmon's bald head, 111 employ Mr Kennedy, the mesmerist, to hypnotise Cr Tarver so that he wont be able to say a word against Edwards and the Harbor Trust. I'll com municate with the occultists of India so that the 'Whangdoodle' will have in formation from all parts of the globe through my powers as a psychometre. Through the same source I'll promise you ';the latest in formation from the stars and other worlds without the aid of a telescope. And I feel certain, Mr 'Observer,' when I can do that, then, and not till then, will your puny observations wipe out the Port Melbourne ' Standard.' So I hope you and your push will see the immediate necessity for at once obtaining the much coveted title of J.P. to be a further Appendage to yours, Very txuly, ALEX. RICHJrOKD, y.lT.E.S.,P.M. I We think our correspondent has paid too much attention to the impotent drivel he refers to. TVere better to treat such puerile outpourings and attempts at journal istic criticism with something beneath contempt. . We think a Railway or any other Commissioner would have more sense than to indite such puny, miserable and abortive vaporing as our correspondent com plains of. We can inform Air Richmond and our readers that not one line of our supplement is imported, it being all set np here ; and the very paper it is printed on is made in the colony. We would advise Mr Richmond to allow 'Observer's' silly attempts to be funny to pass as he would any other donkey that he saw and heard bra vine over a hedge.— Ed. S.I 