Bishop Webber's Welcome. A convoreaziono -was hold in the Centennial Hull lust night for tho purposo of according a welcome to the Bithop of Brisbane on his re turn to tho dioccso aftor a long absence in England. Thero wnH a very large and fash ionable gathering. Tho majority of the An glican clergy of tho Brisbane, Ipswich, Too wcomba, and Warwick districts, and the Rev. Edwuid Griffith, of the Wharf atreot Congre gational Church, wero prosent. For somo timo the bishop was mixing with the company, meeting many former friends and muling new acquaintances. At half-past 8, tho Chief Justice led the way to the stage, accompanied by tbo bishop, tho Ven. Arch deacon Dawes, Rev. H. Heath, Rev. E. Griffith, Captttiu Heath, Captain Whish, Mr. T. M. King, Mr. A. R. H. Piotzokor, and other gentlemen. Tiio Ven. Archdeacon Dawea at onco road tho following addross of wolcomo:— To the night Itev. William Thomas ThornhUl Lord Bishop of Brisbane.— At a recent lneetin' or the Diocesan Council it was unanimously resolved to mako nrrangemcuts for oH'cring to your lordship a hearty wt-lcomo upon your rutum from England. At u tubsequent conference of lGpresentativos invited from the various parishes within reach of Brisbane tho action of the coun cil was cordially approved. 'Wo, therefore, who this evening have the honour tn present to your lordship our congratulations upon your arrival, ruuy fairly assume a representative character and venture in the name of tho council, thu clergy, aud thn laity of the diocese of Brisbane to oiler you a lieurty welcome, and to express our thanksgiving to Almighty Ood that your visit to the old country bus been successfully accomplished. We further desire to (jive voice to feelings of per sonal regard and affection such as the occa sion of your return not unnaturally evokes; nor are such feelings thu loss sincere because not altogether disinterested, ainco we aro assured that your lordship's resumpiiou of active service tmioiiKst us will ho attendee! with ronowea nhv sical and mental vigour, mid with spiritual energies quickened and replenished by contact with the larger world of Christian thought and life such as the Lambeth. Conference of 1S88 drew for a while together from all parts of tho earth. AVe do not forget that the primary object of your visit to England was, in response to a summons issued by the Archbishop of Canterbury, to uUciid the caatetimra ot tlio bishops 01' tho Anglican communion ut Luinheth, and there re present tho interests of the church of this diocese. We believe that the deliberations nnd resolutions of that conference will have farreach ing effect for good— the bold grnupluu? with social andmoral problems of modern life, thu generous recognition of Christian labourers onfciido the Anglican communion, and withal the very earnest desire manifested to promote home reunion aud to encourage friendly relations with the Scandi navian, Old Catholi;, and Eastern Churches. These are largo and practical results for which wo iis loyal members of the Church of England may well be grateful. We nn- also aware that before and since the meeting of the Lambeth Conference, your lordship baa been unceasingly occupied in ltu-thoring the interests of this dioceso, anil more especially iu attempting to secure for it a rein forcement of clergy, und while we look forwurd. to the day when this colony will bo able to provide a sufficient stall of clergymen bor.i anil trained In Queensland, tlio time for this has certainly not yet come, and we thankfully acknowledge the valuable service you huvo reudcred by adding to our ranks several men of capacity and promise. In another direction, too, we believe that your arduous labours in England will yield substantial advantage to the diocese. Tho synod of 1687 unanimously recorded their opinion thut a division of the sec 01 Brisbane shouldljo elfccted, and it is obvious to nnyore capable of mastering tho facts of the case that a contraction of the present enorm ous urea of the diocese is urgently needed it epis copal supervision is to retain any real sigiu'tlcance or force. Your lordship's influence with the societies in England nnd your personal pleading with those who, whilo resident iu the old country, ure holders of property iu Queensland, will have done much to give effect to the resolution of synod. In conclusion we wou'.d give expression to the be lief that your lordship's return wiH impart new heart and activity into ever}' department of our chiueh's labours, will kindle, fresh Christian zeal amongst us, ana under tho blessius of God the Father, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and tho quickening power of the Holy Ghost, rrmy revive aim sustain tlie spiritual m« or tho diocese, over which by Divine Providence you have been called to preside. Siprnec1 on behalf of th' Diocesan Council aud of the representatives .,; the parishes of Brisbane. AKCUDEACOX OF IJEISHAXE. February, 18Sl-. The nhair waa occupied by SL- CdA.itr.Eii Liiiay, who in introducing the bishop ex pressed the ploasure it gave him to be present, and to congratulate the bishop on his return ; and he believed he waa expressing the sentiments of the whole of tho laity in the dio cese in so doing. The bishop was a man of business, and ho had rendered good service for the colony. - at that important assemblage of bishops recently held in England. He bolieved that the bishop had returned with renewed energy and zeal to carry out the work of the church amongst them. (Applause.) Dr. Wbbbbb, who was loudly npplaudod on risisg, said it was difficult to respond to the address, and tbo kind remarks made by the ohsir man. His first duty lay in tendering his Binqero thanks to his excellent commissary for the manner in which he had aoted during his absence. (Applause.) The judgement, patience, tact, and conciliatory disposition in which Archdeacon DaweH had discharged his duties were admirable. He hud also been ably supported by tho Diocesan Council, and to them both ho returned his warmest and sincorest thanks for tho efficient manner in which they bad carried on the work of the diocese during his absence. (Applause) Onreaohing tho old country it was not an unnatural thing for Mm to be met and greeted by his old friends in London, amongst whom he had spent many years prior to his coming to this oolony, and the reception accorded him waa most gratify ing. But ho regarded the reception not as a personal matter to himself, but rather because they had felt drawn to a representative of tho colony aud tho Church of Euglaud here. At homo they recognised tho bond of unioo between the eld country and this part of the new, and it wuninthat light that hB was received and so woll treated. It wus an obvious fact which could not fail to bo recognised that such a gathering us he attended at Lambeth Palace must be an unmixed good, und the results could not bo otherwise than beneficial. There were representatives from all parts of the world, aud there waa a living bond run ning through that great assemblage, binding England aud her colonies in one. Professor Seiiley, in a recent publication, had pointed out lhat they wero no longer to speak of 'Eng tuud and her dependencies,' but of 'All Eng land,' for sho was now, more Btriotly speak ing, a Grand United States : and tbov could look forward to tho time when ia the near futurb tho bonds of federation might bo drawn together — when there would bo no breaking away from tho old links of association.— that tho history of tho paat should not bo ropoatod. It ?was impossible for him to enter into all tho details of that important Lamboth Conference but he waB struck moat particularly with tho wonderful unity which pervaded tho ?whole cotforenco. Thoro were men prosent with distinct ideas, and yet all the questions of tho day were discussed in tha spirit of unity. It was a grand thing to see this spirit pervading such an assemblage, especially where thero wa? such a' diversity of opinion. But juat as tho charm of the architect lay in iho variety of hiu deaiunB consistent with the general harmonv of tho whole, so the conference worked, every man as it were beingdiatiuotfrom another, yet striving towards tho ono great aim and end of higher unity. (Applause.) A question of interest and importance was that of con ferring the title of arohbishep on the Bishop of Sydney, who had represented the oats as ono culling for immediate consideration. It was considered by the committee, but tho con ference, owing to the enormous amount of business to bo dipposod of, wero unablo to give tho question their consideration apart from tho committee. Another important matter was thu interchange' of ministers hjiftmn tho mother -country; and tho colonies. The ? proposition was oppbaod on the ground that if a man enmo ont to -tho colonies, say for five years, and thoa wished to return home again, ho would fool as if -beginning ,,, over airuin, and would, loso ?lie, position whioh ho would havo attained in th() corresponding, time if hehad remained at homo'.' .'|Th6' conferenoo came to;tho oomV { mondablo. decision that ii a ohrgyman caroe ' out tOj'thq colonies and laboured for. a' number ofj jff&ijii;,, Wd'.' then' ' ?wished ', to rotntn, home ','he' should '.Buffer, : jrio. lota, and' ulready 0110 of tho Welops had: given tho oue in hiadioce Jo, Baying that any of his' olorgy who wished to go to thu .colonies for livojouraon tli air. return homo should be regarded as having served the same period in the dioooso, and ahould ho treated as having renderod the' same term of .seirvioo thoro. (ApplauBo.) Ho-bolioved suoh an i interchange would bo a great beno&t.to; tho mother country and to' the oolonios alike They might not wieh to return homo again, aB ho had understood from, ono of Iho bishops in England, who appeared as if he preferred tho colonies to tho old land, und who hinted that should his lifo oxtond bejoud hi« teim of service ho would comoout to spend tho remainder of hisduys. Tho wholo gathering was conducive . of good, and the discussion of such matters would ho very beneficial to all concerned, and the Bishop of London declared that he had learned many thirgs which he did not know boforo. Ho (Dr. Webber) had been subjected to a good deal ot criticism on account of his cenduct at homo in certain matters, aud ho always wol oomrd criticism provided it was reason able nnd suggestive, of good, and uudor such circumstances ho was roady to recoivo it, being always willing to learn. But there was criticism which wns unreasonable, and which was full of misrepresentation. The Adelaide Press had charged him with being dimitis-fied with tbo dioopse, because it waB unable to supply itself with clergy to meet tho demands of tho population, and, as a conse quence, ho turned his back against the colony and went homo to prooura clergymen. But such statements wore entirely falso and unioundi -I, for if thero was one thing whioh he hoped more than another on bis arrival here to doit waa in regard to the scarcity of educated young men who were willing to devote them selves to the work of tho ministry. In support of tho statement, his lordship road an extract from a well known publication, in which he publicly lamented the. lack of young men for the church on liis arrival in tho colony to take charges in thedioceso. During bis stay horo ho bad done all in his power to remedy the matter, but owing to insufficient funds and othor cuusei they wero unable to got mon from the educated ranks of society, and they wero with out an institution to train others. Ho had also been severely criticised and censured in some quarters for asking for money at homo to carry on the operations of the church in thia colony. But he failed to see what was wrong or incon sistent in hiB aotions on this point. If 'a man enrno to the colonies from tho old country, and engaged in investments suoh as goldmining shares and succeeded in amassing a for tune, and then went homo to spend it, he did not see why he should be exempt from the call of a mendicant biahoD. (Applause.) Such a man was morally re sponsible to the colony in whioh ho made hiB money, and the fact that ho crosses the seas by no means mitigated his responsibility. (Ap plause.) The largest subscriptions ho had gathered weie from men who had made their money in the colony, and besides these ho hud no hesitation in uppealing to his old friends amongst whom he laboured, for thia reason : Into this colony as well as into tho othor oolonies there is a large influx of immigration from the old country every year, tho majority of thom Btariing out in life with the proverbial half crown in thair pockets. In this now land there was work for thoto who woro energetic enough to mako an earnest endeavour to obtain it, wnioh was not the case, owing to tho state of the labour market, in England. But these people wore ooming to the colony at ihe rate of about 1,000 every month, either as free or assisted emigrants. Aud aro these peoplo in a position to erect their own churoheB and to find stipends to pay tho clergy on their arrival? Who was to provide for them in tho manner indicated ? They were a united church, and ho thought if the colonies took bo many of tlio poor population, Eug lind should at least find some of the money to furnish them with the aids of religion. H« thought it was a fair question for him to say, 'We will take your surplus population and you will then help us to provide for those who cannot provide for themselves.' (Applause). When ho came to the colony he found the work of ohurch extension was hampered owing to the want of funds, and he had been labouring ever since to oarry the work of tho ohurch as tar as possible into the colony, and they had made a grand mistake who understood that he came out for any other purpose. (Loud ap plauEe-) In theso matters of fin-uicial help- to the colonies from the old country, Melbourne was not so senutive as somo others. A gentle man in England had contributed £5,000 to wards the Cathedral Fund in that city, and the money had bean willingly aocepted. Another man hi England also had given £4,000 towards the Bishop's Fund in that oity, which was a similar fund to their own. And what the churoh wanted in Queensland was some such men who were liberal . in their gifts, arid who reoogniBed- tho benefits they had received from the oolony, and v- ere ready to share it again for the people's good. He had brought out with him a portion of the plans- for their new oatLedral in Brisbane, the remainder of whioh was to follow, and he be lieved tho building when ereoted would be the finest in the colonies at tho present time, and a meeting would be held soon to consider these plans. (App'lauso.) The idea which he put before the clerpry whom ha had invited to join him -was that this waa a country rapidly springing into lifo and organ isation. Not material prosperity, but right eousneiia, is that *hioh consolidates and exalta a nation. If they believed thatall human society has its foundation in God — that men aro to be linked together on a true basis aB a brotherhood resting on brotherhood— and in that connection and relation are to bo fought true motives of life, then there was tho great opportunity for men to come out and take their share — men of vigour, cf oulture, and of training, who wero filled with that lofty idea, and wore willing to give Bomo yoars of their onorgy and work, and to lay hero foundations for national life which really have been at the root of the old country at home. Whatever of greatness of character was to be found in the old land, there-were those who still felt that thoy wore linked with tho colonioa by tbat imprint of character. It was such inspired motive's that he put before the minds of those who were coming; out to tho colony to labour, and he maintained that no one oould do & greater work than to oomo in suoh a ? spirit. . It was in view of thesa considerations that he felt thut he might ask those -who wore the. pos sessors of largo proporty to imitate thoso in the old country who give largely towards the exten sion of the churoh — a token of whoso liberality whs to be soen in the magnificent cathedrals in England to-day. He did not see why, with thn amount of wealth amassed, and still ti be accumulated, thero were not some of them animated by a publio spine, and with a rogard ior posterity, who could make some suoh gencrouB offer. Ho expressed bis sincote thanks for tho kindneus he reoeivod in ' the old country, especially that of Lord SoU borne, who took an interest in the various mutters which he brought bpforo him touching tho needs and claims of tho oolony, and whose wisdom and sound judgement wero of great value, thoy being based upon long experience. Also ho thanked tho friends in tha colony who wero so enthusiastic in their welcome to him personally, and as to ono who had returned baok again with a message tho kindest aud best for tho future prosperity of tho oolony and the church. Hiu lordship resumed his seat amidst loud applause; A voto of thanks was moved by his LoaDsmr, and seconded by Captain Heath, to Sir Oharlea Lilley for .proBidinjr, and also to Arohdeacon Dawes and tho 'Diocesan . :Oouncil for thoir labours during tho bishop's absence. Tlie votes were carried with acclamation, and suitably responded to, after whioh tho mooting took tho form of a social gathering, rofreeh ments being supplied, aud selections' of ruunio woro rendered until lato in tho evening. 