EVICTING A GHOST. Almost every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and. their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. Tlie rumor that Captain Beau- champ's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extraordinary noise. The door-bell wasringing violently, and a strug gling, writhing noise heard in the wall of tlie bouse— not in one place, but in several at once, and then lie heard a long-drawn sicrh. This; was- the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number .of children in the family, the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of- the men took out a small oval basket haying an orifice in the top, and; seating himself near it -began to play a quaint -.air upon: a flute. After in dustriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of a cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches' above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the mea sure of the music. After the snake dance — or the, snake " charming, " as Europeans are jvont to call it— the Indian snake charmer walked around . the house, and among the bushes .pointed out a hole which might liave been made by a rabbit. Tojoiie of /the natives he said, he would take data oobra, which lie thought was in the. hole. Seating himself before the hole the- magician began ;,his" mournful' plaint.- For fifteen minutes he kept lip the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. . Another hole was soon found, this being directly I at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the per former before a most remarkable noise' came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rubbing against tlie timber. Dust in clouds came from the hole, and the cliaruier started back in terror, overturn ing the man behind him. Recovering himself, he darted at the hole, and thrust ing his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators as lie stood holding the tip of the tail, and five feet of the body was risible. For a second the man- hesitated, then regaining liis courage he shouted in Hindustanee for the lookers-on to stand hack, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, lie pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet — eighteen, was there no end ?— eighteen feet of quivering snake- flesh as large as a man's thigh ! A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear — at least twenty feet in length— big enough to swallow a deer, and -yet held by a single man. The native was, however, ' riot in the least discouraged. He clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned towards him with an angry hiss lie gave it a swing ing motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased liis speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel the spokes of which were the body of tlie python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight and . it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe,' but if the monster could reach him lie would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon be came - apparent that the charmer knew what lie was about. Not far from tlie house stood a stout flagstaff a foot and a half through, of solid -' teakwood, arid towards this lie was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When lie was within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike tlie head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he came, whirling faster and faster, until the ' reptile stood out like a whip-lash, and then, with a quick step forward, lie brought the head of the auiinal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled < convulsive folds, digging up thei. erfrth'rid sending clouds of dust into tliealr£ finjdly drp'pping limp and lifeless fei''tifdfrgrofiitd; 1 One. tiling was evident/1;, that thefi"k;as: tTSef "ghost." 'A a. ; %£ 