OVER A MILLION STERLING LOBT.—A shocking hsd piece nf HHWB for the Shadow Party (s<iy6 the Evening N-iesi has been telegraphed from Melbourne tn the effect that in the previous nine months £1,600,000, in gold coin bad beer, sent out from Victoria. Now, this piece of news is s perfect blizzard to the partv, because, in and out ol season they have shrieking in tbe public ear the statement that it was only under freetrade that gold w«« sent out ->f the colony. Had the fact not been officially stated by (he Victorian authorities themselves, it would have been placarded as a Ireetradeinvention. Now, however, the world knows it, including the working people, and so another ghost of the Shadow Party is laid low. What sacrilege I Over 14 millions nf gold sent out of the country and protection there "high and strong. Why didn't tbe Victorians keep the muney in the country, and then they would have had tbe money and the goods, too. Eh, Mr. Uarvanf A VALUABLE CHAIN.—Mr. Basil Grav. formerly owner of Welaregane station, Upper Murray, reported to the Melbourne police that while struggling in the crowd to reach the Caulfield railway station, after the conclusion of the races, tie gold slbert and seals attached bad been stolen. The chain is described us the twiBted pattern and of about 3oz in neight. The seals attached are » Urge gold one with anchor crest and "Fast Anchor" motto, a small Grecian seal with a Hercules head aDd a -lion's skin carved, tbe third is a small gold mounted seal with a sheep as a crest. Mr. Gray values the chain aud seals at £100 but he stales that for the Grecian seal he was offered £500 by the directors of the British Museum. He has no idea how the chain was stolen. He felt nothing whil« he was in the crowd and the watch to which it was attached was left. ALLEGED MURDER or A DROVER.—Three drovers usmed John Leo, Christopher Hetherington and Charles M'Keahnie were arrested at Queaubeyan late last Friday night charged with killing James Connolly. Tbe Jfour men belonged to a party of nine drovers in the employment of Alexander M'Keahriie, of Rosedale station, near Adaminaby, and arrived in Queanbeyan on their way to lass to take charge of a large flock of sheep. The four men named were drinking and left town about 11 o'clock to go to their camp near the cemetery. On their way tbey quarrelled. Constable Quaile heard the wrangling and followed, and wben be reached the men C'onolly was lying oo the ground unconscious, John Leo standing near. The other two ran away. Quaile got assistance and conveyed Conolly to the hospital, but be died before reaching tbers. Deceased was about 50 years of age. Leo has since been committed for trial for man* slaughter. WITH regard to the old woman, Bridget Collios, who was fouud dead in. her home at AlaitJand oo Saturday ma ruing, and who .had been living on charity for some years past, a further search of her property bas resulted in another large find of money, amounting in all to over £600. Mr. HAROLD MCLEAN, the Comptroller-General of Piisous, died last Wednesday in Sydney. 