OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The Marine Court of Inquiry have found that the Cape Verde was run down and sunk th-'ouih the carelessness of Pilot Gifford in handling file Iolantiie. His license is suspend ed for 12 mon lis, and he is fined £52 10?. That is all very well. A line of £52 10s and the loss of a year's e ni:ngs—if he does lose them—will tench Mr Gilford to he a little more careful in filters. 'let who p.sys for the ship and car en ? if she Tolanshe ha « been in charge of her own ce.j-t in, the finding of the curt wmihi have made her owners responsible. Bat the poi'L ragahr.ions took her out of the captains care, and piaced her in charge of the pilot. The pilot handled her in such a manner' that she ran ini o the Cape Veide an' sank her? Again, who is to pay for the Cape 7erde ? She ar.d her ergo were insured against ordinary sea risks. But a pilot's carelessness or waut of judgement is no: an ordioa-y sea risk, and if the law of the laud placed him in a position to destroy twenty or thirty thousand pounds' worth cf pr -po ty, it a m ist seems as if the treasury woaid iiav-s to pay the piper. To compare smaller things with greater ones, a very curious case is nMui& to come before the Sunrcme Coo i, am.l vvhic.ii bears some distinct analogy to this one. Toe deci-aou may be of bitcest to buuse-owne.\s. and for that reason the case is worth watching. A Mrs. Silk rents a house is Ghborne-street, near Victoria Par ade, and let a part of it as lodgings to a Mr and Mrs. Neweih Some weeks ago Mrs. Newell, put her foot through a rotten board in the kitchen floor, by reason of which it is alleged she sustained serious injury. She now sues— not the actual tenant of the house—But Mrs. Jane Haley (who i? the owner of the building) for " negigenee," in having suffered the house to fall into disrepair, whereby she (Mrs Newell) has sust <ined serious injuries. As Mr. Justice A'P-ici-ett says, soi-ras one can see, there is likely to arise difficult questions of Jaw in the case; hence house-owners have an interest in watching how they are disposed of. When " lush " and " whiskey ; disagree things looked omuious enough to cause rejoic ing in the teetotal cauip, or extort a smile from the grim visage of Mr Vale. Such an event actually happened last week, A man named Whiskey sued a inaa named Lush for the recovery of £3. Lush keeps a boarding house, and it see ned only natural that Whiskey should lodge v.itu him. One day Whiskey re turned. after a week's absence, and a.llege;l that some clothes were missing out of a port manteau. Lu.-h declined to be held responsible and refused to pay. Hence the little episode at the Prahran Court which has biou.ht Messrs. "Whiskey and Lush before the public. In de clining to ideinnifv Lush at the expense of Whiskey, the bench charged Lush one guinea (costs) for th--' t-ouble lie had given them. Some people oh'tain noodefcy one way ; some another. A County Court served the turn of Lush and Whiskey. Australian " Honour able* " have a more distinguished arena—the llcuse of Commons. The title " Honourable" is awarded to noted Australians, and natives, or res?'eats, in.other colonies, in recognition of services rendered to their respective counties. The recipients of these" " honours" presumably are men of understanding, ,and sharefor-j i~- is strange that any of them-should be ignorant of the fact that the honour has a local sisbifioanee only, and w<s never intended to carry with it any value as a mark of st'.nding in England. Table Talk says that Mr. G. W. 'lay lor, of Melbourne and Laud Boom fame, is now living in grand style in Leaden. Well, I suppose he can afford it. The land boom put money into some men s pockets, whatever it did. or did not do for others. Mr. Taylor, I suspect, was one of the Uno iing ones- To give an idea, says Table Talk, of the sryle in which he is fitting up Lis Lo- don residence, it may be mentioned that the/order for.. champagne alone, to" stock his win.; eeliar, fouelie l the modest sum of £800. He e, ng'in. Mr. : ay lor knows how to take care of him-elf. I al o know something about this win..' order, and of the brand that Mr. G. W. T. has chosen, and a most excellent brand it is—that of Go;-let Freres. If it is nob well-' known in the colonies it cught to be. It is a good, sound, dry, honest liquor, in great yoeue at the Criterion, and oiher crack hotels,' and Mr T-.vlor evidently means'well by diis guests' in providing it for them. A friend of mine has bought a "section," and has gone out -o Mihlura to work it. The resu't of inquiries convinced my friend that th-re will always he an opening for his fruits. In <>iio of the .Melbourne factories alone—the *' Red. Cross "—they receive i70 tons of rasp berries during the season. Besides these, they ■use 1503 tons of other fruits, and nearly 1700 tons of Manrioiu ' and Qneensl and sugars. The tanks used for pickling ha ve a collective holding capac.it" of 100 000 gailous, whilst they turn ou . 5000 dozens of 2ib. • cans of tomatoes. every year. From these figures it is easy to see what a splendid future there is for fruit? ami there is no doubt that, in the near future;••-fruit-grow ing, fruit-boiling and preserving, and fi'uit-dry iug will occupy a large, if not a'larger share of of attention than wine now docs. These irriga tion colonies are destined to work wonders in more, ways than one ; aai we shall not have to live long to see it. After the year's discussion that has taken place between the Australian governments, their Agents General, and the Postinaster-General of Great Britain, if is quite a relief to find that the question whether the mail steamers shali depart a day sooner, or a day later, has been practically' settled. Most of the fuss has been raised by Victoria; We are a pious people, and it was altogether too shocking to think of allowing a Victorian <x;;r-:";s train to go shrieking along South Australian territory on a Sunday. . What would b- come of the souls of the people in charge thereof? Thank goodness, however, that ghost has been laid for i time, at last, the steamers are to leave Adelaide on Wednesday ; so. instead of Our being shocked at the violation of the sabbath by a dozen or two railway employes, we shall all so to church on Sunday mornings, and have a nice quiet Sunday afternoons upon which to, write letters to our friends at home. It will be so nice and convenient, you know; we shall not be hurried, and shall have all the more time to spice our gossip with stories of our mutual friends' doings out here. 