1oovc[iist. The Midnight Prophecy Or TlHE ilEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. -.o 7;I Ern .u.rtu (wrrison. Joncs. CIIAt'TER L II.-(Co.TrsxEln.) "Nosw, see here, what's the use of :;icki;rg it out ? You can't help yourself. You are wholly at my mercy. I've told thI people here"'-with a brutal laugh "t.~at you are crazy, an escaped lunatic, i::d if you batter tile windows down r!ec 1llonly think you crazier, don't you ":(. Y.ua c:ln t escape. Come now, let's , aud et married peacefully, and be , i rie:nds all the rest of our days." Hc ar,,-e and made an attempt to take 1:er 1hand, but she repelled him with a 1" ,r1 Strathspey," her young voice rin._i like a trum:pet, " I shall never be tiur wife c Yiu may drag me to the altar, but ITll dnou:ace an ddafyyou there as I do, here:~ !Ie watchel her a moment, the old, dminprous lhok coming back to his Ser well," he replied then, in the Tit t tonec he ahrays used when he was ::::I arve,!. have it your own way. T ,all see whethcr you'll hold out or not Iw:en I get you in the quarters I've pre p.re.i for you. W1e'll see." il turned and strode from the room, :r` t sce white with anger, and locked the ,lr aft:r him. 1l-aiei sit by the window, gazing dxs into the dingy yard below, and up':a:eriag on what Lord Strathspey had sa: . The people at the inn regarded ],cr . aan escaped lunatic--that explained at ::ce the peculiar conduct of the land i:ay. Ti:e young nobleman had spoken ::..i:se lv when he said she was utterly i his power She was, and without one i-le hope of escape. Thinking it all a r. axgic 's brave heart failed her,and 1r .ppn" h'r bright head forward on the si-, ov-sill, she -obbed, it, her impotent .?sair. hke a chiid. lat her griaf was 't.-re for her old father's sake than for her own. Ti.e lang, dreamy summer day went -:' hy by. It seemed an eternity to poor .Zh"a;e, pacing up and down her bare prin-.a in frantic impatience. Buntat last I: c-:e to an end; the sun went down i'1::l the Scottilh hills, the purple a".:: .: fell. and the great white stars c l::e l ,-hing out in the opal sky like un sct diamonds. Once again her prison door was opened, mad the young lord entered. "Conme," he said, quietly, unfolding a aarcel containing a shawl and hat, "get :ltese on ; we are going now." aInggic paid no heed to his command. " Will you go quietly ?" he continued. ' I wilh you would, but if you like to be "subborn, there's nothing to hinder. You r. this," he added, producing a small, *ras-,parent vial, ansd holding it before ?ar eyes: : one siuglestiffat it will make ,a as "_entle as a lamb, and there are ?lenty to help me carry you down. Take teur choice at once. Will you go quietly r not f" She arose without a word. and put on :he l.sawl and hat. There was nothing to te gained by resisting, with that deadly lr::g before her eves. The young uman •a.o her hand, and drew it through his cr:n, and they descended to the public '~altlr of " The Lion and the Unicorn." fhie I mdlord and his wife and one or two :IOets were present, and the wl:ole of heam arose at once. and slsld ready to de 'c-mii in case of any violent manifestations. Mlac-re had thought to appeal to themi for help, but seeing their winks, and nods, iti "tsinfic-lit "lances. aim refrained. hey believcd her to be iadl, and would ant give ear to anything she said. She suffered Lrrl Strathspey to lced aer out to the tavern porch. There was a elosed carriage in waitit.g a few yards `aron the steps, and half a dozen boys and ien loiter.-d around, looking cn with curious insolence. The poor girl's cheeks tingled with outraged pride and anger, and she went to the carriage door in utter silence. At the very instant that her foot touched the step, and the young lord was hurrying her in, the horses shied and plunged forwa-d, throwing her back with some violence. "Take care, madam," cried a young man, who had just come up from another direction. "Allow ins to help you." drew her back a step or two, while the horses were being restraied. tMaggie turned the moment she recovered from the shock, and looked at hitm, and in the summer dusk sithe saw something in his handsome, blonde face that inspired hI r with confidence. Swifter than thought for Lord Strathispey was approaching rapidly, while the stable-boy held the horses-she grasped his artu with both her slender lhands, and raised her lovely eyes to his face. "Oh, sir, for IIeaven's sake help me," she implored ; " that man is the Earl of Strathspey's son, and he is forcing me from houte and friends-save me-help me!" The young lord rushed up, with a bitter oath. "She's a lunatic- don't heed her," he cried, hotly, too hotly, it struck the calm young stranger. "Come on-come, I say." lie drew her to the carriage door, and lifted her in by main force, springing after her, with astonishing rapidity. Maggie struggled from his grasp, and suc cc. ded in reaching the window. "Oh, sir, save me-save mel" she cried, in imploring accents. " Who is shle ?" demanded the young man of the landlord, as the carriage whirled away. " A mad woman, as he told ye; site 'scaped, an' lie be taken her back-she's a party young tihing." The stranger saunteredoff in the deepen ine twilight, his rifle swung across his st,:lwart shoulders, and a short hunting knife in his belt. "I don't believe it," he murmured, his blue eyes brooding and serious ; " there was no madness in her face! Heavens, what a face it was ! Like one of Raphael's Madonnas. l've half a mnind to follow her, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I trill." And he shot off through the purple gloom: with the speed of an antelope. CHIAPTER LVIII. TIHE BORDER WATCH TOWER. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castie, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was perhaps the dreariest and most uncanny old placi within the length and breadlth of England. For ages it has been utterly deserted, save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious halls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of Solway Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterlysterile and verdureless, notted hero and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded b3 a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy cave, known among the peasants as the " Hermit's Cave," and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of tlhe Wandering Jew, was endless; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under the shadow of the black thorns at one moment, and away up on the beetling summit of the bald cliffs in the next. In the deiad of night, the same night on whichl our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly s p the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The imumense gates stood wide open, as they had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years; and the carriage drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stones, up to the front entrance. The driver leaped from his box, and threw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scarlike a sabre cut across his right temple. " Here we are, my lord," lie said. Lord'Angus put his head out and looked about him. "Dark as a dungeon," lie ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the great gray pile of. ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. -' S'pose you run up anid knock, Berket, and be sure you're all right." The man ascended the long flight of stone steps, stwhich led to an arched door tray, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, startled from their roosts, made any sound in response. He knocked again, with the loaded end of his whip, till the empty halls within rang withl the sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swur.g cautiously open, and the dried and wrinkled face of an old woman looked out. " Wha's tlhat ?" she demanded in stronu Scotch accents, one hand on the door, and the other on the head of ani immense blood-hound, that crouched at her side, with blood-shot eyes, and red, half-open jaws. "aMe, Motlher Gwinneth, me, to be sure I" cried ]erket; " the day o' judg ment might come, an' ye'd never know. WLy, I've baen poundin' here an holr." "I hmearn ye," responded thle old woman. "Be the young lairdecoom T' Derket nodded as he turnedt and ran down thle steps. "All right, yer lordship," he called at the door of tile carriage. Lord Angus leaped out with Maggie in his armas. The poor girl had given over resistsnce. The sight of the driver's aicked face. and of the grim and ghostly oht builditig, aiu'ed herr ilord' siler obedience. H1r face was as white as the yoesng mioonlight thatt began to slhimmter Sion tihe Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore a solemn staitled expression. If Heaven I did nottinterpose and save her, shte was lost. The young man set her feeoot upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her llaud through his arm, led her along by his side. They ascended the steps and approached the door, where the -old woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. "Doon, ye brute-doon this minnit 1" commanded the old. woman. \- -I e oo.or. ok.i an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathapey's face. " I dinna be sure it was yor lairdship," she said, watching him with a curious, eager look, and touching his arm with her withered hand ; " but I know it's yereel' now. Yer a braw la'I now. 'Tis mony a year since me auld eyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird ye be." Lord Angus shook off her hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement. "Hush your gibber, will you?" he cried, harshly. "Do you mean to keep me out here all night 1" The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in herleaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. "The young leddy's room be all ready," she said, humbly. " Will ye go right up now, or--" "Right up now," interrupted the young peer. "Lead the way." She obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall.that ran from the head of the stairs, betweenl two rows of chambers that lhad once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. Lord Stratllspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. Ill its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little puffs of dust at every touch of their feet. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel throw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where all immnense bed ulrcared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner hits, this haun!ted old state. chamber aund seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on die velvet couch that filed one comrn. Then he turned to the old womaisn that stood just within the daorway, her eyes following him withl that curious, c:?,i:" i,-lk. "Give Io t.ue lky," lie said, roughly, "and ta?l:e yourself ,if. I can find my way downu. She obeyedl witlihoe a word, and with the key in hi;s hd I-.a young man turned to b1:1 ýi53. " Yon bili: e me now ?" he began, his evil eyes tuihi-a'g rith triumph; "you see !:ov -?-mi ,!et-l'v you are in my power? The dour. ::re o:l' n_ hero --to-niht thle gr -at -ntes will ie closed and locked, and dayJ ' nitiht that old crone and her blood hitm;,, vi lstand _itard to prevent your encap?. You see lthere is no hope for : utt-iitri no word in answer. She sat monLiuness on the edge of the moth eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord's heart releated a little as lie looked at her. " I don't like to do this," lie continued, his tone softening as ho spoke: " I want to be good to you, Manggic-it is all your own fault. The unoment you conselt to become my wife, you are free. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to like me-youell can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you'll say the word we will be married at once, said i'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathlpey Towers.' Still she uttered lno word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. Toe young man could not boar to look at her, and lie tIrned toward the door. " I wOll't annoy you to- night," lie said; "you're'tired. I'll go down and send Gwiynneth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-night." lie lingered anl instant, hopinig she would speak, but slle did not, and he we nt out, closing anud locking tile door after him. And Maggie was left alone a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. CHAPTER LIX. THE DECOY. Tile Earl of Strathspey left Ravenswold on the tnuth of September to make a run down to Lonsd6n and return in time for his daughter's marriage, which was ap pointed to take place on the twenty tlhird. lie had various commissions to execute, business islatter to arranmge, and the marriage settlements to attend to; In addition, the earl wished to consult with hiis solicitor, in regard to tale expediency of disinhleriting, or disowning rather, the young iman who had so lobng been kiown as hIis soil. Tue subject was a very ipainful one, but Lord Stratlhspey was inot tile man to shirk what he considtred to be his duty, ilo matter how much pain it might cause him. Day by day, hIour'by hour, the convie tion that the boy was not his son, that Io had been deceived asid imposed upon, grew upon him ; and while lhe rejoiced to believe that so depraved and unpromisin, a young man was in truth no son of his, it was withl a feeling of keen pain that he thounght of renouncing hisn. After all hIis hIopes, after all hlie had borne and sufflered, t.e should die without an heir, and the timse-honored name of Strathspoy would die withl him. a etter thus, lhowever, tlhan to leave it ia tihe hands of one who would surely bring dis grace and ashame upon it. JIo-was Iled .il l his deternination, and started down to Loiisdoi to'look into ithe inalter and see what could be done. I-nnediately aifteri tlse marriago of his daughter hle proposed having tihe ressiains of his wife dtsinterred and removed to the grand burial-place at Starthspoy Towers. That done, his life-work was ended, and nothing remained for him but death. He purposed leaving Eung land in all probability forever, and eind ing his miserable existence in a foreign land. Thus the earl purposed doing, as he stood on the platform at the Perth rail way, waiting iupatiently for the express train to London, but a trilling incident, or sliall we say a providence, which works, even through the wrath of evil men,to ac complish and perfect its marvellous ends -=caused him to clhange his mind. The earl received a letter; a yellow en velope, directed in a scrawling hand, and delivered by a dark man, with a sabre cut over his right temple. He tore it op^n a trifle impatiently, and read its contents. It ran thus : " If the Earl of Strathspoy will come to the old castle called ' The Border Watch Tower,' he may learn something il regard to ,is otn sol." " His own sn," mused the peer, walk ing up and down. "What can it mean, I wonder? I've half a mind to go and see. I know the old castle well. By Jove, I will go 1" He turned on his heel, while the express train went crashing out on its wayto Lon don; and half an hour later lie was aboard a passenger train, bound for. the North country border.' He got off at Hawick, under the shadow of the Cheviot Hills, and finding no better mode of travelling at hand, after misaking a hasty dinner, he secured a seat in a mail-coach, which would convey him with in a few miles of the ruins. With every mile lihe travelled, his im patience increased. Ilis onca son! He kept repeating the words over and over, with somnething like a thrill of pleasure. He had been sb deceived, and baftled, and disappointded-what if at last his very own son was to be restored to him ? The little Tyrol foundling, that his dead wife claimed as her own? It might be so. Stranger things had hap peined. We have before stated that the earl was impulsive and impetuous by nature; whatever he believed, became a faith to him. And now thinking it over, as lihe rattled along in the nmail- coach, his inm patience waxed hotter and hotter. If it might only turn out as he hoped if he might find and claim the boy his wife loved, the child for whose sake she sacri ficed her home and happiness, and her life -what joy it would be to endowhim with his name, his wealth, his honors, for the sake of her whom he had so deeply in jured ! It was the one only thing which could in any way afford himi comfort, or appease the cruel remorse that stung him like an adder; and his great desire that it might be so grew into a hopeful faith. His own son! It must be the little foundling of the Tyrol that he was soon to hear of. The mail-coach put him down in the silver dusk of a September eve. A young moon hung like a silver crescent over the blue Cheviot peaks, and the stars C.ne out like jewels in the far-off, nisty blue. The "Border Watch Tower" was a few miles distant : he could see the round tur ret looming up gray and grim in the opal light. , There was no conveyance at hand, and the impatient earl, too eager to brook a moment's delay, determined to walk the distance. Hedidso,striking off in adirect line across the north country, aind leaving the rolling downs and rugged peaks far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thunderous storm-cloud when lie reached the great gate of the old castle, and an owl was hooting diismally from somne hid den perch a?way up in the windy battle inieits. Tie earl paused, panting and weary from his long and rapid walk, and leaning against the huge stone pillar, gazed around hiim. And at sight of the dreary prospect the black and sullen waters beneath the ruined moat ; the blighted heath,. stretch ing far away in the dim light; the gloomy fir-grove that flanked the broad avenue, antd the great gray pile of ruins, so still, and ghostly, and tomb-like in the uncer tain moon-rays-at sight of all this, for the first time a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if he were being lured into a trap ? Could it be so ? Asking himself the question, as if by some weird magic the face of his son, of the boy who had borne his hame and en joyed his benefits so long, seemed to rise before him--a face full of wicked malig nant triumph. For one brief moment the earl hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then lie raised his haughty head with a scornful smile. He had never met a danger in all his life long that lie dared not face, aind should lie turn back from this-Ihe, who held his life so lightly ? A rusty horn hung suspended from the huge gate, which was securely locked. The earl took it down, and blew a long, loud blast, such a blast as was wont in days gone by to rouse the border warriors from their revels. The hoarse braying of a blood honud within responded to his summons, and all again was silent for the space of t ten min utes, whose a footstep cehoedon the damp tlag-stone, and directly after the rusty bolts and bars began to rattle. Thie gate was cautiously opened, anud the same mani who haId delivered the letter looked out. "Ah!" he ejaculated, "the earl at last. Will your lordship be pleased to enter " , "t Who desires my presence here ?". do demsnded the earl. "The master," replied the man, glibly; "he hIas tidings for your lordship, if you will have the goodness to walk in and hear." Tihe earl strode in sithlout another question. Tihe gate was closed and locked after himni, and then his guide led the way to tihe castle entratice. TIho earl followed no tile mouldy steps anid thlrough the archedn door way. In the great hall, the old woman known as Mother Gwynnoth stood withl a light, and at a signal fromu the man, she at once led thIe way into a spaciouis drawing room. A grand, gloomy apartment, filled with must attd deenay, and Iloored with colered tiles, like the roomas abtoe. Fromi a velvet chair in a remote corlner, a minn's figure arose. Gwynneth put down the light and retreated, and tihe Earl of Strethsp.y stood fice to faca With his son. the young Lord Angus. - For thie space of a minute, tile two men faced each other in dead silence then the earl spoke, his voice. quivering with riage: " Did you send that letterT' he de manded; "did you dare to decoy me into this den ?" The young man's face wore a smile of diabolical truimph. "I did,begging your lordship's pardon," lie replied ; " I invited you toecome if yeou wished to hear something of your nown son; and lie is very much at your honor's ser vice, the only son, the only heir the Earl of Strathspey will ever own." For an instant the earl stood breathless -utterly dnumfounded at the young man's arrogant impudefice. Then Iris hot and hasty temper flhimed up. "You young villain I" lie cried, rushing toward Lord Angs,'"I'll teach you how to make a fool of siio." He made an attemlpt to grasp the young man's collar, but Lord Angus elu ded him, and, retreating step bystep,drew the earl on to the farther corner of the spacious room. There was a wide tile just beneath their feet. The young lord pressed upon one corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl with it, down into an abyss of utter darkness.. Lord Angus peered down into the awful chasme, his face full of wicked exnl tation. " qWho will be Earl of Strathspey now, my lord?" he called, mockingly. Tlhen the heavy tile slowly rose, and slid back to its place with a sharp snap. "A snug trap that," mused the young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; "and imy Lady Cecilia Drummond's a clever woman--a deuced clever woman, and a handsome one. If I don't secced in break ing in imy wild fury, I've half a msiud to make love to her, now that the earldom's Iniue. CHAPTER LX. DE'EATED. Judith lost no time in carrying out her determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. The moment her duties to Lady Marguerite were ended, she hurried across the wohl, in the waning light, to the residence of MIr. Keith. The old highland country house was very silent aned sad, for Mr. Kefth was ab sent, at work with the detectives who were trying to find poor Maggie; and tihe old doctor was sitting out upon the stone steps, his head bent upon his breast, given over to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her eyes. "Ay, 'tie you, rmy girl," he said, in re ply to her salutation, his eyes full of the wistful inquiry that never left them. "I was in hopes- " - He stopped short, his voice choked and unsteady. "But 'tis -useless," lhe added, after a monent. "I may as well give up all hope. She's gone, Judith--my pretty bairn's gone-I shall never hear from her again." There was a deep pathos in the father's grief for the daughter he loved io fondly. Judith's tears fell fast as she looked at him; but lher words were the words of hope and consolation. "Do not despair," she said; " I'm sure you will find her-I feel it someho-v, doc tor-sho's not gone." But lie shook his gray head in des pair. "Iemember how it was about IIen drick,"'the girl continued, hoping to cheer him. "I had mourned himnt as dead so long, and, in the hour I least looked for it, lie was restored to me. The mercy of hleaven is endless, and its power is omni potent, doctor. You will surely find your child again." He looked up at the sulumer stars above him. Judith's earnest words thrilled him with renewed hope. She passed on, in search of the captain, and found to her consternatian, that he was absent, gone to Glasgow, to return on Thursday. OIl Thursday, the very day on which the fatal wine supper was to be held ! 'What should she do ' Hurrying homeward through the silent starlight, she thought until her temples throbbed with pain, and at' last deter mined to reveal the whole affair to the countess. Lady Marguerite wasin the music-robm when Judith reached Ravenswold, filling all the snmmer silence with her mournful melodies, and the girl ran to herown little room, to seek advice from her husband. She had told him the story of the baro ne' s treachery before, and he strongly approved of her decision to reveal all to the countess. " There s something wrong," he said, in his grave, slow manner, " though I can't see through it. I've been watcling the baronet since you told me, and there's something wrong with him, Judith. He starts and looks behind him when there's no cause--he's got a secret of some kind on his mind, I'm sure o' that." " And he to be my poor little Pearl's husband!" cried Judith. . "Aild a night or two ago," pursued Hendrick, withlout noticing what she said, ".1 was'down in thle stables, and Sir Bay ard came down-ho's always prying abast the horses. ltight in the yard hle nmot Can tain Fossbrooke face to face. TLey both stopped and stared at each other,sand says .thle captain. "Why, eCloel Rliiclhond B. orkec, as I live I" " And Sir Bayard, hlie tul.ned so wllite that I thought he'd drop where he stood. Tih captanin went on withl a laugh, and then Sir IBayard fell-to swearin' awful. I wonder wrhat it all means ?" " Colonel lichmond Brooke," repeated Judith, thoughtfully. "Yes,"said lcendrick; "thiat'sthe name. I remember it well." "Well,'tis all in a tangle,!' she replied; "I can't begiu to see one end fromt'other; but 1'11 take your advice and tell tholelwholo thisng to the countess." "Ay, lass, 'tis the best thing you can do," responded Hendrick, stroking her brown Iair as he arose to go ouat. And Judith weast straighlway and tap ped for admittaice at the door of the countess' sittingroom. The old l-dy lhad a new novel before hler and her inievitable silver nmug of strong coffee at hler elbow. She stared a little as Judith entered and begged the favror of her attention-for a fe? minutes. Baut she closed her novel, and pushd bacl k her goggles, nod laid one hand on the jewelled head of hlier stalff, nd bade her proceed with what she wished to say. Judith obeyed, rehearsing in a concise and strictly truthful manner, and with that terse and striking style that was one of her gifts the whole atfair from begin ning to end, winding up with the little incident that Hendrick had noticed in the stable-yard. The countess listened, her keen eyes blazing, her hands working nervously on tlhutop of her cane. She comprehended all the points that had escaped the girl's comprehension. When the story was ended she brought down her stick with a crash. T -'here," she cried, excitedly, "I see the whole thing now as clear as daylight. What a blind idiot I've been not to sus pect it before. The man's all imposter, and Bayard Brompton's dead--murdered I That's the whole in a nutshell. Poor Bayard." Silo- meditated a moment and then bounded to her feet with the alacrity of a girl. " Hlere,'my good girl," she cried, as she threw off her velvet gown, " dress me quick. I won't ring for my maid-there, the black satin and a fresh turban. Oh, Heaven!" she went on excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey, " to think how I've suffered myself to be duped-thank Heaven 'tis not too lato. Poor Pearl, poor little girl, what a fate sho has es caped. " Girl," turning upon Judith as she was folding the snowy turban, "I'll give you a fortune for the service you've done me to-night ; a fortune that will make you a lady." Judith thanked her as she arranged the turban and looped it in front with the great llashing diamond. The countess grasped her stick and hurried down. Pearl was still at the piano, and the baronet was bending over her chair doing his utmost to play the devoted lover, the poor girl shrinking away from hiim with horror and aversion. The countess crossed the room with the trend of a cat and put her lips close to the baronet's ear. " Colonel liclhmoosl DLrooke," she cried, shrilly, '' ihen did you murder Sir Bayard •l'rompton .?" The baronet bounded up as if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply anid stared at the countess in blank consternation. Then comprehending the whole, his face slowly whitoned, and with one or two in effectual gasps he sank to the floor in sensible. The countess sat down contemplating the prostrate soldier with an amused twinkle in her sharp eyes. "I'Io given myself credit all mylife for being aclover woman," she observed, "but I'm convinced now that I'm insufferably stupid, that I ever should have been brought to believe that creature a Bromp tou. Pall I Marguerite, child, ring the bell, will you ?" MIarguerite, pale with wondering dis may, hastened to obey. " Call that gentleman's valet," com manded the countess of the servant who entered, indicating the prostrate baronet with the toe of her satin slipper. In five minutes Leonard entered, a startled look in his black eyes. "Take your master to his room," said the countess; "he is ill. 1 will have a physician called in." Leonard obeyed with alacrity, and the dowager proceeded to call in, not a physician, but a pair of oflicers. ' Half an hour later they invaded the baronet's room. but lo, the casemeni was wide open, and the baronet and his valet were both none. Blut the unsuccessful soldier hadleft his written confession behind him. "I am Sir Bayard Brompton's half brother by an illegitimante connection. His father did my mother an unpardon able wrong, and I owed her son a grudge. Moreover, I was the elder son, the title and wealth were mine ; I tried to secure tlhem ; I have failed." "Poor fellow," mused the countess " he did have a look of the Bromptons, and I can't help feeling some pity for hiim. But he's a murderer-put the oflicers on his track." T- o be contlniied. 