THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Princess' Theatre. " Pepita." —Bijou Theatre. " Sweet Lavender." —Theatre Boyal. " Pinbad tbe Sailer." —Opera House. Hicks' Coloured Minstrels —Alexandra Theatre. Dampier Company. —St. George's Hall. Cogills* Minstrels, —Victoria Hall. " American Novelty Entertainers." —WaxworkB. Fresh novelties. —Charlie Florence is dead. —Dan Barry is in Melbourne again. —Harwood leaves shortly for Europe, —Darrell doing well in Christchurch. —A new theatre is to be built in Hobart —Clara Baldwin died in Sydney on Sunday last. —The Swiss Warblers at latest in Christchurch —Harry Hodsou is engaged tolBupport Mr. Miln. —The Fisk Jubillee Singers are on the West coast of N.Z. —Amy Horton, Stanfield and Company buzzing about Maitland. " —Wirth's Circus are provinces. flittin — An operatic craze is the latest organising. about the —The Borani Brothers, contortionists, shortly proceed J 1 to Brisbane. -Too many benefits and subsciption lists hovering fa about the theatres -Brir.n Darley having'pretty good times with his Brisbane season. -Metcalfe and a" Mixed " crowd: are visiting Sorrento unen and other spots of fashion. i ° -Arthur Vivian asks us to contradict a rumour thai the Co. are about to go to Brisbane. "muui ma? -Duncau MacCallum is in town on the hunt for talent to send up to the Brisbane Gaiety. taient —Win. Horace Bent had over fifty Pounds in tim at last Saturday's matinee benefit performance —Duval, of St. George's Hall drew n (£21) in tbe Chinese lotteries last Thursday nfghf. Victorian Two companies are UBS P m e • "7 A Wellington paper states that Mrs. George Darrell wtbebest and youngest Lady Isabel on thelusUalian -Mrs Burford, Mrs. Medus, Manager Henrv Hurtion suburbs^" 8 arG ™ NjeMs in a Barroomfng" g the 8 -Brisbane delighted with Lincoln and Lobr. Tbe two —The Vivians, Helen And Arthur, open in A ' • 16th March. Bichner wfll be in attendance n? eil& iS never leave Arthur { ' "•"ifou —Rumour has it that Martin Simonsen undpt eii his late failure, will tour the country dietrirf % small opera company. " ls with a —Frank Beverley is in Melbourne, and shorn out a small company, which, of course inM,,/ ^ lU(l wife, Miss Beatrice Lyster. ' e H the " —There was a lot of talk a little time ago about Rr complimentary benefit to John Henniues o, 4 ud not fallen through, boys,eh? b ' ^clyir, —Havorlv sends over word that be will visit early next year with bis mammoth minstrel c • B tion, consisting of about forty performers ail told a ' —Billy Emerson is about to make another t • Australia. Billy, by-the-way, does all his tr, P'to poudence now with the aid of a type-writiug machjJJJ 68 ' —If, delving for an anagram, In BCDDYGOKR yon try (The usei-up vein's not worth a d—) You'll find the ORE DUG DRY. — From Hobart we learn that,'George I,r.i(„i iff,'.™ from his late accident. Mfidiooi 7 • lel1 fitil] 0—Mr. Charles Harding's operatic companv rr,,». •. himself, Miss Gracie Plaisted and Mr. Barrv n!^5 have been performing at Singapore. They havp i ' giving conccrt entertainments with scenes from * • oneras. various —Can it be that the Treasurer resides in this build- There must certainly bo some such reason f!!rP " Black Boom " to keep its eyes glued to windows in ti upper storey of Foxball's Ballarat Star Hotel \yi ; . the attraction, anyway ? ' """u —Miss Alice Player's Company have visited ford, and are well spoken of by the local pauera" m the crowd acquitted themselves very creditably ninVi judged from the fact that the Press expresses a S , M see the Co. pay a return visit. —Wybert Reeve has been over in Melbourne i, look around. What's up now? Probably he's tn-h!!^ unearth the party that cut Slavin's photo out nf sporting paper and stuck it up in an Adelaide Mm^5 with Wybert's name underneath. Oh, George, George! —Every second man you meet in Bourke-street » connected with the theatrical profession and is fin hi own opinion) quite capable of Btage managing a dram» tic company, either in the provinces, India, China eto that is if they can get a man with money. Men'wml' n money are scarce now-a-days. —" Barnes of New York " is now at Charters Towm Company—Misses Carrie George (who will lirobablt return to Melbourne for the Milne-Shakeepearias season), Virginia Clayton, Kate Towers, Slmtbaiorfianfl Messrs. Gerald, Hansen, Motgan, Ridley, Lyle, Duff and Chambers. Frank G-erald in the title role. —Grattan Riggs,' the invalid, has returned to Melbourne. He had a finger in the apple (ton) His the other day. Fred Appleton's company having decided to show iu Sir-William-Clarke-Land, commonly known as Sunbury, tbey took Riggs in with them. A good s and a big and fashionable house was the outcome, —Messrs. Gerald an3 Duff's " Hansom Cab " Dramatic 1 Company are doing great business in North Queensland with "Mr. Barnes of New York" and "The Mystery" The seasons in Charters Toweajs, Townsville, were most successful. They opened at Mackay to a packed bouse, aud were billed for Eockbampton on the 13th February, —The well-known American tragpdian, Mr. G. C. Miln intends to take Melbourne bv furprise shortly, BB ! has decided to uudertalre a Shakespearean aDd legit mate season there on a grand scale. He will oiten • at tbe Opera House on 13th of March in "Eieliari l III.," aud a strong company has been engaged,| H&rrj;? Lyons manages. —From Chicago, some kind friend forwards us a batch of Gliristmas cards, programmes, &c;,, from which we learmthat Inigo Tyrrell and Marcus Ctarlctt's great play: " His Natural Life,' .is a big draw. Inigo when in Melbourne thought Footscray and Williamstown quite goodenough for the production, but now has evidently; changed his mind. Tyrrell himself is appearing in the • cast. —Miss Nellie and Master J. Donegan, champion i juvenile skaters and trick bicyclists of the world,: accompanied by their parents, are on a tour through the principal towns in Victoria giving exhibitions. The ; wonderful skill "exhibited by both the youthful per-1 formers are drawing crowded houses and well-merited applause from the large audienci s who attend nightly: everywhere they appear. At latest they were performing i at the Mikado Skating Rink, Kerang. —The TayJor-Carringfcon Company are in ra.tta. The Hugo's are just ahead of them, and the " World Circus " is coming down towards them. Taylor's; iu luck. Hugo's have done very well in the North-east l and are playing Albury to-morrow night. Taylor and ; Ella have doae bo well up the line that they pay refers| visits to nearly all the North-east towns before crossing s the border. While in Bischoff. at Xmas time Taylort - pianiste losther purse, aud the townspeople returned her J the amount lost, in order to clear the credit of the^j tow | —A Hobart paper, speaking of " Human Nature," says;j that " Miss Blanche Lewis 8s tbe wife, Nellie Temply was throughout excellent. Her task was a heavy ooej and indeed to her must be attributed a large sMreinJ the general success. From the rise of the curtain,! when she figures as the loved and trusted wife, then | successively as a noble woman who understands for the^ first time the unholy desire of her husband's ostensible® friend, as the wife denounced by her husband, and tbenr by the world, as the child-bereft mother seeking berson,| and then hunted by her enemies until woru-out natural sinks exhausted, as the woman pleading vainly to| another to clear her tarnished reputation, and then &61 the happy and honoured wife, Miss Lewis acted in a w»r| that cannot be too highly praised. It was a perfonnance| of far more than general excellence." —Geo. C. Miln, an >American tragedian, has jurt.j loomed upon the histrionic horizon of Melbourne, anj| has already begun to dispute precedence with typhoid scare as a breakfast-table topic. After tMi gentle blackamoor has faded away from that cave harmony, the Opera House, his place will he taken no' of, firmly but benevolently, by tbe bounding Silbon8lw®| a distant shore. On the 36th March the Gay]ord6«j Silbons will vanish from the festive scene, and the that knew them once will be occupied by SlmkespeMjj and Geo. C. Miln. The gentleman in question ba« W| originality of his own, and he didn'tleave it behwi3WB| Likewise he has a strong company, and some gut-«.™:| scenery, and a tout ensemble which he brought witn^l from America. Also his limelight is of a special mWa And Harry Lyons, who is managing, should into a Milne-aire. \- — „ tleinan » Mr iUea «» atprSp, ln 4u3erican E ^ e t b e r an opera cofapanjr to ^-ibourue k«ock og they prooeed to America. l u f*>l^pCOfI |llJ " , " „niifR Of U16 CUUJpouj did an P^gooU., w 0 learn that tbe crowd will ^ Tk- ept l' re „"- v nva Kuight-Aston, Geoige Carey and f' course 8 otb«B. Eepertoin, will be mf J p crfl. ft"''. •„,„; performed some years ago Company-" Boccaccio » " Three Black Crooks, At. baa a brother who was a few Tr^rcvStaufiJdoucL Ktlcummin station, ' s clerk ou U «' pother was then suffering from ^fc ennont. The broin.b go m that bo was tump'' 011 ana f :U K1?nd in a buggy. Two " jac^erooe" fflt P oClernio..thoBP H George fSbiffl ." /^i fiev stopped at a boundary-rider's Thorn- On the road twsy m sta,tion, wheie they asked t UL =i,.i- man, who was fitting up behind, sup. -to till" Going to do so, she found him dead. w^Vhvoillows. ported u) i concluded his season in Laun- _jrr. Hari v ^ ; duciug "jjamlet" on his benefit cestou last'vreek r• bimself appeared as the melanht. The t0]d tbat th ere was nothing Su>lT D , a "ni hi"'(.Gumption of that character, and that ,,&cev; ahout '"f.'V- nte jjgent modern conception Miss ^ a clever ^ i 0pheli a; Mr. Collet Dobson, Flore» co s ar Balfe, Polonius; Mr. H E. Roberts, Claudius; Mr. JuUani Horatio ; Miss Idrene Laertes; H. R- Roberts, the Ghost also; Thornton, Os .c, • • gl- aVedi gger; Mr. Geo. Taylor, j !r. Walter ( Julia Howard, Gertrude ; and Miss ' ^ S n , the l'layer Queen. A r, concluded one of the most successful -Tlie Da ; ,l V,f ^eiiiugton, oil the 23rd of January, engagements .u ( Ea6tXjvnne " was played to " standwbeutheevL-if,^ • - tin„ Qftbe performance, tbe Post ing-roou''ou }- ,, , may be accounted the best as said:- cl i",, ' d]v tbe youngest and most charming she is u, \ In tlie Australia stage." :The Darrells J '— „ (v five uicbts in Wellington to splendid played Opened iu Cbristcburch on the 26th of business i iournals record a great success and Jmuaty'.'' 1 ""'-;':.^ Tlie Press and tbe Times write in overflowing y fl the pi ayi and the audiences Ns" I'^^iLr c in welcoming back their old favourite, were enthusiast ii. in ^ 0 the Ti/nes :-<> Christine Mr. larreii, c iavmiug appearance and a sympathetic Darrel hasi a ci.a. ^rBeU t0 be a very capable actress ^ifd at once establtshed herself a firm favourite.' 6 Marvellous Melbonrnei" is doing a monster busi* -"M al 7%'; j HareUi next door, continues to do a ness, ana • s. By way 0f explanation we may Monster business y ^ Munster Hotel, which aadtbat lat sta„e m s q tQ the terrible aaj01 B , , I wS;enacted next door, there is a dif- , trag l y nf ui wards of about thirty pounds a week m n Mtakiucs (7„'ctHinues. Now NOW we cau can ettOJij easily understand uu^ciou^u why the ^ r a l„nKn i elit;ioLiBly refuses to open his door on the C n ,! .if Vliis be'll not do—no, not for love or money. One Sg however, troubles the hptelkeeper, and that •cfnn^b e revival of tbe " ladies' drammer"; and, as — do uo\ as a rule, go out between the acts, this T.lJpasad blow to tbe theatre's next-door neighbour Thirty Pounds a week difierence, eh ? Why. Pat, nM man we'll not be surprised to hear of your preseutng Jack' 'WranRbam with a tasty-momal. ° * v ew south Wales paper thus:-" The company mliannear here for the last time, in an entire change of m e the piece to be presented being the ®BDBtttioual comic drama 1 GuiltlesB,' the sole Aus- StariRhtof which belongs to Dan Barry This play s now one of the reigning attractions m England so much BO that a number of agents of Australian racers bid for it at home. However, the price eou^.d bv the author was so high that all the agents efa«ed to purebase it, with the exception of Mr. Barry s ienresentative, who received a cablegram to secure the Wece for Australia at any cost. Dan Barry is now jeaninc the benefit of his enterprise, for he has already received a large sum to produce the piece with his com- Dauyatone of tbe leading Sydney theatres next Easter. PGmltlesi' will to-night be mounted with some new knd startling scenic eilects, which arrived by railway, fend all through it will be plentifully interspersed with Songs and dances. Some of the incidents depicted in Ilia play are of an exceptionally startling character, while there are some situations so amusing as to invari- Milvconvulse tbe audience with laughter. The piece to Ee produced is in itself so attractive, coupled with the fact that to-uiglit will see positively the last appearance here of thib reallv clever company, that it will no doubt bring together a bumper bouse at the Temperance Hall. Sve may meutiou that should the weather prove warm 1MB evening, two punkahs will be fitted up in the hall and kept going, thus causing a refreshing current of cool ^r to pass through the building," cleetera, etcetera. [ -The following paragraphs, which we take from the plumne of tbe New York Truth, will be of interest to many of our readers :— "A couple of weeks ago we were all lamenting the late of Irving Bishop, the mind-reader To-day Mr. bishop is pointing tbe finger of scorn at our tears, and Irom a safe distance, which the Pacific Ocean puts Letweii him and retribution, sneers at us. A few weeks tgo it was announced rthat, broken down in health, his bind completely shattered, and a miserable,', physical p?eck, he had been carted oil to a lunatic asylum in San Trancisco. Then followed the opinion of the doctor :— never would regain his senses. The world had looked for the last time on Irving Bishop.' "During that time Mr. Bishop was under the management of a Now York theatrical manager named M. B. [mitt, am] it bad been arranged that at the termination of Mr. Bishop's Californian tour he should make DtofeBBional visit to Australia, still under Mr. Mitt's management. Ou the strength of this Mr. aviu commenced, in the language of the showman, a work Bishop up in Australia, and, to use his own fords, spent many hundreds of dollars doing it. At the [{meof Bishop's illness, in addition to the expenses of " Australian work, he had managed by various ices to obtain from Leavitt about sixteen hundred pollars,so that, when he was carried away to the insane ^yluni, Leavitt balanced his ledger with a sigh, and « off a bad debt of a little over two thousand Dollars. j/'Wheu the last mail from Honolulu arrived in San ™oci6co there came a letter for Mr. Leavitt's agent roni-well, now. whom do suppose ?—from no other iln^i- Mr. Irving Bishop. He was on his way to pustralia ou his own book, determined to reap personally Benefits cf all the work Mr. Leavitt had.done in w joint interest. A hasty Visit was made to the IK? asyium - ' Y es,' the doctor admitted, ' it was Rf'w true; but be bad nothing whatever to do with Mr. ? departure. His patient had simply made his pwpBm tne night unknown to anyone, leaving a letter E ' ™ tbe doctor, saying he had sailed for Aus- Wdn N • 0 a l J Peared to be no remedy, BO the doctor TK g , aboul ' it, leaving the facts to unravel them- J6sfh, Ul 7 , ' however, that he claims he was imkthpT?« yIrviu 8 Ksihop, and emphatically denies Pisdeparturf li8btestband iu concealin g his motives Ne ffi onM Ir ",/eavitt in the rotunda of the Gilsey He pishon' ho -Jy- as very much excited. 'Irving biciiK.^- • ' deliberately pretended to be insane, Ither nifil \- Ee t0 be locked up in an asylum for no V lina P i !u tbe world tban t0 play this trick ou Wtaifl ti? r cr circumstances he could never have K «» he did. I blame myBelf for not keeping idness™ hut I must confess I believed in his 1 latum ni ' )eKa ; n t0 look upon his incarceration as in Hspb f a ef t0 - yself and a blessing to mantimp i® aiu 'y kept me in continual hot water all wi b with He tl u 'eo hundred dollars per week, ot the week, if it suited his purthe town without paying his hotel ^leBs^tPr^n 6 b( ' e " a e° od deal of method in Bishop's 6™ned and J a,ll '. c °nsidering the quiet way iu which i e P 11 Probablu H lert out his escape to Australia. He ° Wu We,i ln tlle sake h colonies; but I hope,for there tif Wo , lrt re Peat any of his favourite games :? cie 8 of' fip„r' y hiivtj a habit in tbe British depenjMi- utaimf, rather serioutly with gents of this \- 1 "BranlkB^alSBfflO^raOTOTi^lKf^iW; In ordinary melddra'ma, received its first production at the St. James' Theatre a short time back, and excited a very unusual interest. In the boxes and stalls were Lord Onslow, Lord Alfred Rothschild, Sir Arthur Sullivan, Lady Emily Dyke and numerous representatives of the High Bohemia. Tbe play tells the story of Ruth Redmayne's sacrifice. She is an Australian girl, the daughter of a wealthy ex-convict. She is a beautiful character, idyllic in its purity and simplicity, and was sympathetically played by Julia Neilson. Arthur Redmayne, eldest son pf Lord Saxmondham, of Brantinghame Hall, has just married her when tbe first act opens. The main scene of tbe act consists of his denunciation of the villain of the piece, Ralph Cram pton, who, though he has a wife in.-England, has dared to make love to Ruth, and not knowing her to be married, is caught in the midst of his declaration by her husband. The second scene is the very touching farewell of the husband to the wife, he being compelled to leave suddenly for England to claim a large inheritance from an uncle, while she is compelled to remain and nurse her sick father. In the second act, eighteeu months later, her husband is supposed to be drowned, the pbip bringing him to Eugland having sunk. She presents herself to the old lord. Though the villain of the piece, Crampton, is about to foreclose a mortgage on Brantinghame Hall, her father-in-law will not accept help from a convict's daughter, even though she is his son's wife. He knew nothing of his son's marriage, and her appearance on the scene, by diverting the son's fortune from the father, has made the latter a pauper. In the third act, to prevent the old man from being turned out. and in preference to marryirg the villain, Ruth declares she is not his son's wife, that they were never married, and that her previous statement was false. She thus puts the father in possession of the son's fortune, which is legally hers. The scene is a very strong, and unusual one. In tbe fourth net the villain relents, paralysed by her nobility, and dcclareB her laBt statement false, and that she is a noble wife. The husband also turns up safe and sound in time for the last curtain. The play is conventional in general, but very original in detail. There are many succulent Gilbertian touches, some lines producing'prolonged laughter. There is a very characteristic love-scene between the two young people. The play was very well acted, and some of the costumes, notably the widow's dress of Gilbert's own design, worn by Miss Neilson, will be very popular. As to the business success of the piece, there is some conflict in the prophecies. 