THE BIBLE CHRISTIAN ANHI VERSAJttX. The anniversary of the above place of wor ship was continued on Monday evening last by the holding of a public meeting. Mr. Jas. Pearce, J.P., occupied the chair. In opening the proceedings, after the choir had rendered a selection of music, The CHAIBKAK said there was one comfort for him in having to take such a prominent part as he did that evening, and that was they got some really good music in that church. He thanked them for giving him the privilege to again take part in their anniversaries before he passed over Jordan to-stand in the presence of God. An anniversary, if it were a right one, was a review of the past and a time of understanding the financial position of the church, and they had cause for thankfulness that at the close of another year they had met together on the celebration of the anniversary. He urged them to support the church, and if they could not contribute much they could give a little. The widow's mite and the widow's farthing left on the plate, was a bless ing to the giver, and be believed every sacri ficial offering caused music up above; but they should get themselves in the proper state of mind for sacrificial offerings. The question . had often presented itself to his mind, Why j have we not more soul-saving power? Twenty-' five years ago God Almighty was giving souls by tens--yes, and by forties-in the churches, but to-day conversions were not so numerous. What they wanted was more of the Holy Ghost, and the meeting in the Baptist Church the other evening, he believed, was the be ginning of a revival in this town. To some extent they had forgotten the Holy Ghost in their Bermons they seemed to have for gotten the Holy Ghost-and he believed many would bear him out in this. When all the churches were together in unity the spirit of Gt)d seemed to be present in a manner not generally experienced, and he thought they would have more power for good when they had more of the presence of the Holy Ghost. The KEV. W. EICHABDS, the pastor of the church, said it afforded him a large amount of pleasure to have Mr. Pearce occupying the poBi ion he was that evening. The financial state ment he had to present to them was a very short one, and he would put it in as few words as possible. It was not the most encouraging one he had made during his ministerial career, but as he had it they should have it,and he hoped they would have a better one next year. The ex penditure for the year had been £53 Oa. 8d., and the income £46 14s. 3d-, leaving a balance due to the treasurer of £6 69. 5d. They very much regretted having a balance on the wrong side, but it was a new thing for them. The secret of the matter was that in years gone by special efforts had been put forth, which bad been a very great help to them. He hoped tbe year upon which they had just entered would be a better one for them. The Bey. T. THEOFOLD, Primitive Methodist, said that occasion was the first time he had been called upon to address a meeting of that kind, and, although for a number of years he had endeavored to preach the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ to the best of his ability, he felt very nervous in standing before them as he did then. He wanted to addreBB them that night upon " Thankfulness." Thankfulness was not all the gospel, as it was only a way by which they expressed their appreciation for things received. To-day they were blessed with all the advantages of civilisation and education, and they had therein much to be grateful for. In liondon there were hundreds and thousands who were not blessed as those iu this country were, and Australians had cause to bless G-od for their circumstances. For prospects of a bountiful harvest they had reason for ? thankfulness, and in the death of Christ they had great cause for thankfulness. Thankiulness was a duty they owed to God. Mankind were sometimes ungrateful to God. They took the bread which God sends down to them but forgot to return thanks for it. He beseeched them to try and cultivate more and more a feeling of thankfulness towards God. The Bey. Jaubs Ailen, Wesleyan, said all who bore the name of Christ thought their Christianity was based upon theJBible, but his friends whose anniversary they were then celebrating had taken upon themselves the name of " Bible Christians," and he sin cerely hoped they would always be Bible Christians. Christianity had a firm hold upon the world, and they must be thank ful for that. Idolatry could not stand against the influence of the Bible, and Christianity was spreading throughout the world. Christianity had triumphed, but the triumph was incomplete yet. The great military organizations which were being raised and kept up by the nations of the world were evidences of the incompleteness of the triumph of Christianity, These organiza tions were for the purpose of killing man and destroying property, and hundreds of millions of pounds were yearly spent to keep up these organizations. That did not mean there was a strong war spirit in England or the colonies, but there was a strong war spirit elsewhere, and it was an awful evidence of man's depravity. Happily, thank God, their fair land had not had its shores stained by the blood of man shed in battle, as some of the older countries had, and he trusted they would resolve by all means to keep the peace. He did not find fault with the Parliament in preparing for emergencies; but the various military organizations would not exist if the triumphs of Christianity were not incomplete. Miss GBEEN said she wanted to say a few words about the drink question. She was not going to argue with the moderate drinkers, but she was sure it was from the ranks of the moderate drinkers that the greater number of drunkards came. She would like to say that the position of themoderote drinkers should be like that of the poor blind man who insisted on carrying about with him a lighted lantern, because, he said, he could find the way him self, but he was afraid someone would stumble over him. Moderate drinkers should take care that they were not a stumbling block to others. What was wanted to the success of the temperance cause was the influence of the Lord Jesue Christ. If they persuaded a man to give up what he had had all hie life, they must give him something to take the place of what he had given up, and the very best thing to give him was the gospel-lead him to Jesus Christ. Drink was ruining men and women every day, and they (her hearers) as Christians ought to thank God for their position. Miss Green then related some of her experiences in Adelaide amongst those who had the misfortune to become the victims of intemperance. She was sure if moderate drinkers had seen, as she had seen, what the drink was doing they would give it up at once. It was robbing Christ of precious souls, and they oaght not, as Christians, to leave anything undone in the endeavour to stop the spread of the curse of drink. The RET. W. RICHAEDS said he wanted to more a hearty vote of thanks to Mies Green, the chairman, the choir, and all others who bad in any way helped to make the anniver sary a success. The Tote was carried with acclamation, and Mr. Pe&rce; responded. The meetiDg then closed with, prayer. Daring the evening the choir, under the leadership of Mr. B.. J. Hooper, with Miss Meinoke as organist, rendered selections of music in very good style. " ROUGH ON ITCH: " cuics humors akin eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, itch frosted feet, chilblains, irj poison, barber's itch. 