ORDINATION SERVICE. In the evening an ordination service was held at the Kent Town Church, which was crowded in every part. The candidates for the ministry were presented to the president by the Becbetabt of the Conference (Bay. J. Nicholson). wno stated that they had passed the examinations and had been accepted by the Conference. The candidates were the Revs. K. Dunstan, A, P. Burgess, and W. H, Hoage, and having given an account of their conversion and experience and answered the usual questions satisfactorily they were conse crated to the work of the ministry by the lay ing on of bands, in which the president, ex president, and several of the senior minUters took part. The charge was delivered by the Ex- Peesidbki (Rev. J. Haslam), who ia the course of an impressive address said—"The comfort and the effectiveness of your ministry will considerably depend on the strength and clearness of your conviction in regard to this Divine call, for as ministers of Christ your position is challenged by two opposite but powerful sections of our fellow men. On the one band we have those whose religion stands on sacraments which are of saving efficacy only when administered by men of apos tolic geneftjogy; a religion whose very fotm is affirmed to be sanctioned by Divine enactment, and to which belong Divine privileges and preferences which cannot be found outside of itself; a religion of formalism and ritualism behind which it matters not that there is an unchristian indulgence of the flesh; a self-rightesus Pharisaism which sweeps along with its •sanctimonious robes and thanks heaven it is not as other men, I speak not of Italy alone, nor for that matter of England merely, but of those colonies also, where yon will find tfaoee who make an arrogant and fictitious pretension to be holders and dispensers of Divine grace, to be had nowhere outside of an Episcopal ordina tion, which has come down from the apo?tiee themselves. Strange that in the?e late days, awl in this new, free land, this old-worid ecsletiattical seorasiveuees and exclusiveness should have found such vigorous foothold, dividing in common work and natural fellow ship bodies of Christian men for whose one ness Christ prays and a converted world waits. One would have thought that the freer air and brighter sunlight of this new country would have killed such an evil de lusion of diseased thinking. Toe fact that it fctill and here exists tells as tiutt its cause is deep-rooted in the inherited habit and spirit of many centuries. A* you meet these usurpations, and as you find them endorsed in a variety of ways and with a force, you can not but feel you will prove the value of your unshaken persuasion, that your call to the . Christian ministry is direct from the Lord— yoprs 'sod the Apostles'—and that it is daily ratified and sealed by the Holy Ghost. In contrast with those who superciliously deny your authority as ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ—those who make everything to depend upon 'orders' or that branch of the church which they call 'the Church'— affirming that there can be no guarantee of grace and security of salvation even to the fcincerest and holiest believer, apart from the official acts of certain men, or outside a par ticular ecclesiastical communion, there is another not inconsiderable section ot men who have nothing in common with those who anogantly stand between men and their Saviour, but who look upon the position of all Christian minuter* jfm superfluous, if not hindering. The times on which we have fallen are times when thought is free—very free. It ia not difficult at any moment or anywhere to hail to you men who have broken indignantly away bom dogma and rejected all creeds. Many of the ideas of God which go floating about us to day ate vary indefinite and nnrtariaable—dnistical. agnostioal, pan theistical, atheistical; while, again, we axe being very confidently told that whatever a mans religions ideas may be it is not of much moment. He may conceive or embody the Deity as he thinks fit; his religious convictions must be regarded as a matter of unmtrioted and unchaUengable personal fancy. Piety has had its chance, ana it can evidently do little to meet the needs of men. We most look to the de velopment of the intellect, to science, and to politics. Schemes of religion must be taptxaaded by schemes of phOoscmhy and government. The tecvisce of the Ofaurah and the observances of religion may be left for the time to the "■??"? -ten, and the ignorant, and the women folk, but those who would ennoble themselves and elevate their kind must dedicate themselves ta the pursuit of social and public objects, to the cultivation of arts and sdmws, and the appli cation of law to "?H"nr? life and <A?~*?r. Modern infidelity! From that atom we have far leas to fear than from modem infidelity and its more powerful allies modern indifference and coo tempt of religion, born partly of intellectual pruJe—a spirit which peraista on poshing religion aside as an effete and time-woven agency, and tells you and me that we have no place in the work of the world's true ad vancement, tolerating us only that we may preserve the understood decencies of eociety on the occasion of birth, marriages, and death. And herein lies our danger—the danger of being crushed and groundTbetween tbeee two antagonistic forces. On the one hand we have those who save and <*?■??? the race by tale of creed and ritual, and who tell us that we are altogether out of it, and on the other hand there is the """*'?if?it;'m of the sceptical, free-thinkinf dividers ofpiety, who refuse the personal God whom Christianity declares, and other* also with them, who endeavcr to fix attention and effort upon a redemption of the race by means of ele mentary and scientific education, offering no resources to the religious nature: no divine sanction to Rood living; repudiating the existence of a future state of being, and the grand purifying influence whun that doebme possesses over mankind however reckless and debased. Therein lies our danger, and herein lies oar safety and com fort and strength and efficiency. Oat to us has come a dmne call, a divine commission to preach the glorious gospel of the Blessed God : a gospel which has met and will more than ever meet the necessities of men of every dais in every sphere; a gosnet which sweeps away the assumption of Divine favoritism, and is offend to all and offered freely, lovingly, impersonally; a gospel which aavea the body by saving the sonL and reforms the life by regenerating the heart; which changes the evil condition by rfi—ging the evil character; a gospel which above all the gospels of scientt and politics and sociahsni man is in need of and man must have, or remain prone in the misery of metal and spiritual death, but receiving it ia made wise and good, and finds in it the satisfying of his religious instincts and spiritual yeamugt—is brought into conscious fellowship with the God who made him, the living God who is within, around, beneath, above, from the beginning, beyond the eterni ties, and with whom he was made to dwell fc? evermore." The address also contained much practical advice lor the young miniaten. 