: GENERAL NEWS." The Tolicb Maoistiiate., — Yesterday . evening, Mr.iRanking,; .'atoly P.M. of ,. Mary, -bo'rougli, but ivlio lias boon transferred to Roekhampton, arrived, by. the s.s. Burwali. i Hp 'trill doubtloss oritor upon his bllioiul dutios this, morning.. iiaHMa. iNsrp'qTpii,- 1 Mo.rhtsset.— Mr Inspec tor Morrisset i left horo by Bpeeial. train on Siiutrday for Banana,,, to whieli plaeo he lias gono iu eonuqotipri .with tlio rboent oaso of nnogode6nuiu,hiiont'.qf;ibirth. ; Mr.'Mori-iss'ot is not oxpootod to l-oturn to Rookhampton within, at least,' tlio"hbxf night days. We understand that Dr. Voss lias accompanied My Morrrisoton his trip. !; ; MAifdNic MEETiHaV— Tlibr! iu'o ubors .of. tho " Loiehluu-dt " and "Douglas" Masonic Lodges,- aro - taking- advantage of tho visit of tho R.W., Bro. Bro. Ummiok, P.G.M. of Q.I.C., to Roek- h'aiuptori; 'by citUirig'a: mooting to veeeivo hiin, and discuss tlio vory important question' of : a Unitod Grand Lodge of 'Qtueiisland. Tho meeiing will , be, hold at tlio Masonio Hall torinpu-ow niglit at 8. o'clock. RocKHAJtr-roN . caicket, ; Association. Tlio cricket authorities, in Rrisliano have wired to Mr. |Nobbs in . rogqvdito tho appoint ment of Messrs. T. M'Wiliiam and P. IC. Brown as two, of ' tho' representatives of tho Qiieenslaud cloven t > .oompoto in theforth- coiiiing intoreolonial match. The Ilt-ishanc Asjsociation.regrot that, accommodation can bo-found for one Roekhampton representative only, and tluiy have decided that Mr. M'.William's nomination shall bo tho ono accepted.,- - Qui; gonial: " Tommy!', leaves here; onjTitesdoy, and wo trust ho will do credit to thbtown and commuuity he roprosonts. It cortainly u ill' riot bo hit faultdf' lie' fails. ' The WK,vrHEit.— Sprioiia resiilta woro at one time anticipated through tlio absenoo of -nuy rain tliis soaaon. or at least liny worth speaking of, but happily thosp buvo boon removed by tlib heavy do'wnpou'r ' whioh' foil ron Saturday night and during tlio whole of 'yesterday. Although sbiricwhat la.o in tho Beqson, yot novortbol.oss the ielcomo rain of the last two days hits been very acceptable, and has caused many gravo apprehensions on; the part of farmers and stoekowners to give plaeo to more hopeful exprossions.as to- tlib future! ' Tho sigaa of a coming eiiimgo Wore not (Wanting during tlio earlier part of /last week, as' tho . intense heat whieli then , prbvailod wiis' supefsudba' by a Voi-y strong , wind which raised clouds of dmit, and made walkiug a vory diillcult and disagreoablo matter. It did not need a vory astute weather propliot to prudiot tluit when this wind droppod, rain would soon "follow: ' Tho rain is also b'xpeeted 'td be of a general oharnetor, :nnd although' at present there are no official reports to hand .from tho outlyingldistriets, it. is anticipated uituj Jitiivu OHUibU ill bliu UUUII. J.JIU COlVSUlll vessels also, report .that .in, the, vicinity. of Koppol Biiy thibk iriiiggy weather, with heavy ; rain, lias boon experienced. Tho only .districts repot ting rainfall 'for tho twonty- . four hours previous to 9 it.m. yesterday, aro Blqonisbury 0"40, and Maekay 0'23. : A PbINCe's 7 tri IVATE SeCBETA by.— fipropos of th'o volume of the; "Prince of Waieg' Spcoelios," published by Mr. John Murray to-day, is it permissible (asks a' correspon dent to the jP all. Hail pa/ctlc) to jivonder— in the voi-y lowest whisper— wiietlior the Prince keeps a " ghost ? " Every statesman (who cait afford it) iuclukes this useful adjunct in his houschold;,and most of " tlio admirablo speoohcs lnado by Mi-. Sd-nud-So yesterday " ; were , written . the , day before by , Mr. , .-'o-,- and-SoV priviitb. ! Sfterotavy. , ; Of eoiu-s'o. those, little dqin'ostie details.', aro , not generally fAlke'd'1 about. ..Tho only pbr- sbna who make no "secrecy abbut thoir 'ghosts aro Amorieaii lnillioiiaires, oue of ;wliom, 'iri'cdining 'over to Eiighind arid advertising onco for a private secretary, stated that tho chief dutios of the post would.bp to issue all his invitations and to writo all his Speoolios. Pbrliaps tlio Prince of Wales is industrioqs 'enough. to .dispense with such aid. But, at any rate, lid does riot oxp'eet his son to do, Jsp, l'rinoj Albert ..Yietor'a gliost' -wiis foi- some tinib ' th-j ne- eomulislied CauonDalton; and I remember once being slipivu a quarto shoot of paper ou which the worthy tutor had -written out tlio terms not only of tho spoooh-in-eliief, but .evon of, such forinali.tioB ;as, " Ladies and gonllqiiiuu, I UiaHk.yuu, very - huaiiily for lliu kind way in which ydii' have' received me." , | . . ; .- , : . , -, The Esii-ebou and tub Soldieb. — Tlio Emperor of Russia has juBt /decorated and rewarded a private soldier.. whose;; fidelity to his duty recalls tliQ -s:qri0a, of. tlie-, Roman sontinols who perished in the deatruotibn of ". Pompoii. When /the reoeiit \qartliquako 1 destroyed a small Russian towq: 'iu Oentral Asia, this soldier was on duty iii military treasury. Although the houses were crashing around liini this faithful follow- stood motion- - less, waiting death. The only sign which 'showed that ho apprecintod his situation was tho fact that lie raised his liands an soldiers "do "lit" " pr.iyef. Portuiiatoly, ii" sergeant in tho strout saw'-hiiu amid the rnins and instantly ordered him to quit his (post, which ho did right willingly. ' Tlio- uridoviatiug obedience to tho word;of oom- in aud, duo to tho iron sen's'o of - duty whioh distinguishes tho Russian soldier; has seldom' boon more Btrikingly displayed than by; this" solitary, sentry/ who, !whoD an oarthquake shook a town into ruins, rofusod to loavo his .post in the yory midst of the crashing mafonry. ; ; ' ' ; ' , , ' ,:S' ' Resiabkabi.e Longevity." — In all the recent diseqssiqns .conepraing longo.vity. (says a London .contbmporqry.), ono, of- the /most - romarkiiblo . of , 1 ivi.ogi ; nonngenariianS litis apparently boon - overlooked. ' : We'rofcr t j! the1 Vory Rev. Hussey: Biu-gh Maoartnoy, 'the Anglican' Dean of Molbourno, in Aus- trjilia;: -'Doa".i Maoartnoy is not only ro- iiiarkiiblo as an active nonngeniu-ian 'still1 working in ecclesiastical harness, but is still iiioro notable as the last surviving con necting link tyith tho Irish Parliament, that Iwiis so BlmmofuUy supprossed. at the ibdginniug.of the century. His father. .was Sir. John Macartney, Ba t, M. P., in. tlio Irish Hciiiso of Commoris, and tlio son, tlio nqw yeuorable Dean of Melbourne, was '.hofti ini Dublin on April 10, 1799— tho year .hpforq ,tho Irish Parliament; ,was extinguished by bribery and . corruption, " Dean Mrieai-tnoy t ecompn'-'icil tlio ' first Bishop of Melbourne to.that newTy-croated diocesq 40 years, ago, and lins boon an onergotic worko'r thoro evor sirico. He could have boon, the second Bishop. o"Molbouriq had lio.elipse. but' lie docliriod tho honor, and it 'was subsequently conferred' ' on' Dr. Moorhousc, no w Bishop of Mnnclioster. ' Notwithstanding - - his — 90 - -years- - Deun Miteartney's lioalth is - iis -oxoollont, and his step as elastic as those of many Mclbourainas wlio arc 40 yours hiB junior. Excited Eiienc'iADei-iities.— Party feel ing scorns to run very high' in tho Eronch Chambor. A stormy- scono -was witnessed there ;6n January 17. One. -of the leaders "of- the Right — M. Pion, complained that tlio' Government -had .illegally annulled a resolu tion of tho Local Charitable Board at Lisle, and eontonded.ithati tho;. administration, of local charities should not be interfered with 'by| tho Government .-for. ipofitieal;: purposes. Tlio Under Secrotury of Stato having vindi- eatod the. cqurso pursued, tho . Right got very angry, and vented its foelings by a ( domonstrntiqn such as tho Conserva tives do,, not often iudulgo,., in> Pries, yells, and tlio rapping ;ofj .'fieskdiiis created a. perfectly terrific uproar, whilst member after member rushed to tho tribune, shouted a fow words, gesticulating fiercely, and rushed down again, , followed by others wlio wont through tlio same process. The president kopt ringing his boll and shouting " Order"., till ..hp qyas rod iu the, face, and beads of -perspiration, could be soon starting on his forohcftd. The Standard Paris cor respondent tells us that at ,ono,: time tliq. .whole House .sqeined to hayp gbne niiid, so -violent was the outcry. Presently the stpnr. torian voioo of,. the Radical Count Douvillo Mailpfii was hqa'rd above the din. , "Let us. adjoiirn to Bidol's Menagorio ! Tho wild: boasts' y ils are preferable to this," This sully caused a laugh, arid tho tumult gradu ally ceased, ! Nohi.e Sportswomen; — Lady Eva Quiu, the Amazoiv wlio lias just killed five'tigors in Upprir Egypt seems (says a correspondent of the I'all Mall ffaicttc) to have diseovorod a capital mo'do of letting off 'tlio . irritation en gendered by the' ' urifci-tniiato " dqriiesti'c trouble at Lord Cpnnemara's housoHold.' Lady ' Eva during Lady CoriribmiirA's iudispoBition'; dill tlio honors of the liorisb frii- tlio Governor.' , Lady Corinomara, , who'Ms a!.' lady of a certain ago, took umbrage at her position. Lady Eva left Madras, and ap parently has found q good counter-irriVririt'in tigor shooting iniUppor India! Tliorqare'fow Ninu-bds of this/description among sporting woinon. There is", no1' reason! lioivover, wliv tliojr Blio'uld : not kill tigers!. It ' requires , noyve, ' ebolnbs3, and a steady!, shot. There "is rib muscular strain required its there is in some kinds of hunting. You.sit iu your howdah' and blqzo' away." "As long; as you koop in th'e howdah arid tho tiger remains outside !y on aire as safe as 'if' you were ou the knifo-boai-d of" a Piceac'illy 'bris. If, however, 'you fall'out or the tiger gets inj the difference 'between man ;| and- woman .counts for nothing in tho odds 'in 'favor of-' /the beast. Plenty; of women" sboot' : grouse; pheasants, "rabbits, ' and ' srieli ' small 'deer1' There are very few huly deor-staike ,-s. " Sir' ajuuol Baker's" wife and the' wifo' of "tho fniiious Nimrod who succeeded last year' 'iii; killing tho' Ovqs Poll iii the heai j of Centrtil " Asia borb almost, all" tho". privatioriii 'of their liiisb. udB in tlio'chaBe! ' LadyMorie'r,' at St' ' Petersburg, is almost lis uxp'cr'ti lin'ariglbr',. where salmon are' conqb'rn'ed, as" her fambus nusDanil. ' ' '" BockiiamWon. Pootuai,!, Assooiation.'— On: Saturday niglit the; R.iokhampton Root- ball -Association -mot in tho Albion-Hotel. Mr! Clayton presided, and tho delegates- present were Messrs. Gowdie, Bogg, J. Edgar, ...If. ..Sale, R Cousius, .Cockiugs, Thorpe, and the secretary, J. Turton. There were about twenty-four other members of various clubs present. Tlio .question, of iher draw' bbtwoeri ' the Mount' Morgan ,' arid ( Scottish clulis in tlioir .lriatch foi- Stuwart's' trophy, played last seiisou, was again intro duced, .and a lengtliy aud; exciting .debate', took place. " At a liiebtirig.of tlie-Assboiatiori, lfold. last year," it /was carriqd .that .Ml. Mqrg'ari club be given' tlio niivtcfi, 'biit'this resolution was rescinded, on' tho inotibii of Mr. Turtou, that .tlio meeting bo ' iidjourned' until a copy of the rules be procured. . Several. books of rulos have been referred to, and one Bays that all nntehos shall bo com menced and played out to tho time arranged, - mud shall not bo stopped unless by the consent of both captains. Tho point -at issue is that .tlio-; game was coritinucd five niinutei longer without the consent of tho captains, on account of tho giuno being delayed in tho middle of tio second half, tlio Mt. Morgnuq haying two goals to their credit wlliie 'the 7 Scottish find' only ' 'oho (within tho time. 'During' the overtime tlio Scottish scored gonl No. 2, whieli made things - equal, fiud 'elnimed" a draw. 'Thti Mount Morgan's olnlin to bo ontitled '-i the iiiateh was on tho ground that tlioir rppo- jHoul i scor-d after, time nlmnl,! l...,,,. i.„ — .culled. Consequently thoy ontured am-ote-t and after a few warm 8pu»ches, it wa- liiovod puid rccondcdtiiiit Mount Morgan bo declared tlio-winner. Anamuiidmcnt was made that the match bo played over agaiu. The cliiiiriniiii lntiiiiatcd that only thoso in the Association could- voto. A siiow of hands was then taken; and tlio result was five for tho mol'-m nnd three ngainst. lHv. Clayton, thereri.re, de clared Mount Morgan the winucrs of the ipatch., An or.loiv>vas drawn: out and signed by tho various delegates, and handcd.to Mr. uoivdie. to .receive tho cup. Tlio mealing then terminated, nnd tour, i.iforuiaut- states-, amid angry words." , . . -Edgar s watches aro reputed to be the boat that liavo over bcou iiitrocluo.cd into- Aus tralia. An immonso stook ofitliom. Clocks, opticnl goods or the very ohoioest description, Electro-plated goods, at marvellous prices lor , cash, W, G, _ J. Edgar, . watclimakor, jowolloi-', .'optician'; uud clockmaki'-, Enst- Bticet Roekhampton. Hospital Report. —Tho followliig is tbo report of tho/ hospital for wcok ending March 8\. 1889, >': Adiuittfd : Males 19, females 4, total/ 23 ; discharged : males 21, fouinles 3, Total, 24!;, remaining in males G5, foina'es 10, total, G3. Three deaths have occuwcd, John Stai'key, agod 45, from avrhosis fever ; John ;Mullunoy, aged 24 years, of Rookhampton, from enterio fovorj John Labiirney, aged 49, of— Yoppoon, "from" nnoiirism of dorta. Tho Resident Surgeon., nulcuowledges with thanks tho receipt of" iloworB from Ay.C.T.U._ Plpwpr iVissipn . .and. . St. "Paul's "Gmld! McBsra. B. Pahoy, T. '1'. Fauncc, and .I. AV- 'Eaco arb- vihiti-ig Com mittee. The Salvation , Army.— Spr/iccs wore, conducted at tho milyatiqUi Ariuy Barracks; .during the whole of yesterday, commoncing . at 0.80,a.,m.,.n id lho usual' qunrtorly lOolleor. tiona will go towariR tho .assistance,. of the: , poorer, sisters, uUo.opouing.ui) of now, JlcldB, .and' tliri oatablishriuliit ot different corps. In ;!arniy:plit-lanco the (lay wasdtnowj' as " Ex' ' tension Sunday" and tho money olleetodiatl theso inoatinga is paid into what is desig nated tht tho " Extension Funds." Captain Bannerinan assisted -l)y- -his' Lieiiteriilnt led ' quint all the meetings which despite tho vory rainy weather wcro lairly lvcll nttoudod, arid the collections, wo are glad to stato, woro . under tlio - cirsumstancoa ' contiderrd very good. Football.1— Sign iitd' nbt ' wanting that, the football soitson/will soon bo in full swing, and. already, some , of, -its moBfc: enthusiastic votaries can ho soon practising. On Salur-' day .'lifterndon1' ib scratch' in'iifuh' 'eaiiio'qil'in .Fitzroy Park, tlio players mostly consisting of; tlio -Ramblars, 'tvhq; prosecute tho game . .i"idcr ill itisli Association rules/ whilst' in .Arthoi-: Park.' suveral Rugby - playori. were practising : kicking; - ( Tlio1 -heavy"' : wind that, however; was blowing, rendered play ri very difficult matter. " M'oetihgs ' of ' the various clubs ' arc beirigi held " ftlmqat daify! ' ' The' AVaratahs liavo bo in improving tlioir grouud; and tho hoavy rain that has fallen w ill soon . miiko Fitzrpy Park one . mass of grq in. AVq need' liiirdly add tluit ' the !C.Q.R.F. Union ground is in , the best of condition. - , Judging- fro rii tlio appcrahce ofitliings afc preaont wo have riot. riiiich" liositation in nfnliin.r flml-. II... fortheoinirig . seiison' i-l-ill bborio bflho most' successful Rbckhnuiptori hits ever scoii. ineppioient Soldiers.— The Sia'iiiartl cor-. roSppndent isays Tho . Military! Attaclio to the Russian Embassy- in : Vienna, has ; (says an. Austrian paper) been sririimoricd to St. 'Petersburg to roport on tlie, military .- qit'uii- tiori in Galicia. Tho statement as to the, object of tho Attneho's jqurney may, , be, a eon joet lire, Rut it ib probable enough in itself." Sopie days ago I mentioriod 'th'o unfavorable opinion iqrmed by. good Austrian, military judges of tlio Russian cavalry. This opinion is now fully borne out'by"ii Decree recently issued by Field-Marshii 1 Grand D uko Niclioias, Inspoctor-Q encral of the Russian Cavalry, and published in'theJimaiirtc Ritssc. In tho docu ment which has been/reproduced by the IIT'cnei- Abend Post, tho evening o'ditiqii of the A'iouna oilieialnGiKcHcji the Grand. Duko Nicholas' passes a most sovo :o censure on the cavalry regime its of thq Liue, as well, as on the liorses of the' Guards, ' which aro not suf ficiently trained. 'The 'use of tho naked sword is, moroovor, 1 neglected both by tho Regular. Cavalry, and; by tlie'Cossaelcs,"' The skirmishing, aud scouting service is doficiiint; sind .the 'Cavalry officoi-3 are 'lackiug iu tac- tical knowledge.; Observations to this effect were made by Goneral Korff aud the othor gonoi-ftls who were ordered to irispoo several regiments of cavalry, and the Inspector. General warns the officers of these l-ogimonts to givo the matter tlioir immediate and most earnest consideration! ! ' ' Gpeotnelos, op'ora iind field glasses;' liqbbio spectacles,- all sights; speotaeles in " gold silver, and stool, framos..: (Alt ; kinds of jewellery, mqdals. trophies, - A-c.. ; made " to order. Crests, mottoes, and monograms out in gold, silver, and stono. 'Note the address, >V; G. J. Edfjar', Erist ritreot, Rooklia'iriptori. 