The Sydney Morning Herald SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1889. In reference to the application of the Queen for a grant to be made to Prince Albert Victor of Wales and Princess Louise of Wales, Mr. Labouchere has moved that in the opinion of the House of Commons the funds at the disposal of the Queen are adequate to provide for Her Majesty's grandchildren; otherwise Her Majesty should economise out of her household expenses. Mr. Jones Month? will move an amendment in opposition to the grant of money to the Prince of Wales on behalf of his children, unless it is agreed that there shall be no further application of a similar nature. A MAJORITY of Parnellites in the House of Commons will support Mr. Gladstone and the Right Hon. W. H. Smith, First Lord of the Treasury, in the compromise suggested by the report of the select committee, that the income of the Prince of Wales be increased by £36/100 per annum, and that he provide for his family. MR. BENZON, who has admitted that he has lost a quarter of a million on the turf, asserts that the trip he made some time since to Australia and New Zealand cost him £65 000. COLONEL A. B. TULLOCH, the appointed successor to Colonel Brownrigg as commandant of the Vic- torian military forces, will leave England in the Oceana. The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone has been celebrated by a great fete at the National Liberal Club in London. The Queen and the Prince of Wales sent their compliments. COMPLAINT has been made to the Imperial authorities that foreigners who are desirous of settling in Australia find it difficult to obtain complete naturalisation throughout the whole of the Australian colonies. THE jury further recommend that more Govern- ment inspectors, with greater powers, be appointed, as two are totally inadequate for the proper super- vision of the large number of coalmines opened or being opened in the Newcastle district. In Queensland sugar returns for the year ended March last show that the production amounted to 8 1,022 tons, a decrease of 28.937 tons as compared with the returns for the previous year. A WASHAWAY has occurred on the railway line near Adamstown, and considerable damage has been caused by the heavy rain which has fallen in the Newcastle district. THE proposed redistribution of seats in New Zealand is evoking determined opposition in the House of Representatives. The city members con- tends that the allotment of seats proposed tends to give the country an unfair and preponderating advantage as against the cities. According to the latest cable the House has been sitting continuously since Wednesday evening. The; newly-appointed Queensland Railway Commissioners reached Brisbane yesterday. It is probable that Mr. Albert Prewett, chief clerk to the late Commissioner for Railways, will be appointed secretary to the new Commissioners. DOUBTS are expresses- as to whether the Mount Kembla miners will accept the offer that has been made for a settlement of the dispute. IN the flood at South Woodburn, near Lismore, one hundred head of cattle were drowned. THE master of one of the vessels wrecked at Byron Bay complains that neither life-buoy nor life-saving apparatus is provided at the Bay. He considers that these should be provided, as the Bay is a harbour of refuge. LORD CARRINGTON is highly pleased with the reception accorded him by the residents of Hay. THE jury which has been inquiring into the cause of the death of the youth Pettit at the Hamilton mine, has returned a verdict to the effect that the accident was caused by the weakness of the pillars, and recommend that a clause be in- serted in the new Mining Bill to the effect that in future there be 16-yard pillars on each side of all main ways, and that the pillars in all headings be eight yards wide, and that bords be turned away six yards wide, and drove in six yards before opening out to eight yards wide. THE residents of Paterson intend to appeal to the Postmaster-General, to cause the mail to that place to be sent from Sydney by rail, instead of by steamer to Newcastle. MR. FRANK FARNELL has informed the Assembly that he intends to move for leave to bring in a bill to abolish gambling altogether. THE Customs revenue yesterday mounted to £4887 4s. 3d. NEW ZEALAND hemp was sold at easier prices in the London market. A MAN who was found in a destitute condition at Albury states that he was one of the Melbourne unemployed, and that he received a free put to Wodonga, and that from that place he Hammond Albury. w SNOW is reported to have fallen in several districts. " THE Government Astronomer's forecast of the weather is Clearing on southern part of tout, but still unsettled, with some rain and Brook southerly winds; north of Newcastle Strong southerly gale and rain ; inland generally fine. A STONEMASON who was employed in the construction of a viaduct at Melbourne has been killed by having his head crushed between two blocks of alone. THE Auditor-General, in his annual report, certain flow that the total actual credit balance on the 31st December, in Sydney and London, was £4,490 914, The public debt, which stood at £10,905,319 at the close of 1887, has been increased during the war by the new loan of £3,500,000 e, investment of Assurance Fund in debentures, £50,000; transfer of City of Sydney Watorworlta Debentures, »685,000; making the gross total, £11,030,349. THE Grafton-Glen Innes-road, which was opened in 1890. has cost up to date £217,700 5s. 4d. and expenditure upon the road from Lawrence to Tenterfield to date has been £120,401 8s. 3d, Mr. JUSTICE GILLIES died in Auckland yesterday, On the previous day he transact! d business, and appeared to be in his usual state of health. Typhoid fever is prevalent in Wellington (NAZI. Tiru Queensland Parliament is to be asked to grant £5000 per annum as an endowment to the proposed University for that colony. AN actuarial investigation into the state and efficiency of the Civil Service Superannuation Account is now in course of completion. Our special correspondent writes that the betrothal of a Russian Grand Duke, Peter, the first cousin of the Czar, to a daughter of the Prince of Montenegro, is a portentous event. It breaks in on the series of alliances with German houses, and may be regarded as an informal recognition of the claim to the Servian throne by Prince Karageorgevitch, who married a -Montenegrin princess. Sir CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY is of opinion that if the measure of Home Rule prevailing in Victoria were granted to Ireland there would be no more imprisonments for political offences. THE residents of Perth have expressed their na bounded indignation, disappointment, and disgust at the intention of the Imperial Government to shelve the Western Australian Enabling Bill. \-------------------------------------- Apart from any question as to the merits of the case concerning the Payment of Members Bill, the tone and attitude of some of the more prominent members of the Legislative Assembly room at this stage to call for comment. Take, for instance, the language of the PREMIER, a man whose advancing yours and long experience in public life should have taught him lessons of moderation and discretion, " He, for one, could not conceive it possible for any person with the slightest pre- tension to constitutional doctrine, or the slightest love of constitutional government, to contend for a moment that the two Houses of Parliament had co-ordinate powers in dealing with money bills." Now, if we could fairly interpret this remarkable declaration as a candid confession of his own deficiency of conception and narrow- ness of outlook, we might congratulate the PREMIER on the display even at this late hour of' the modesty or humility that would harmonise with the conditions. But it is impossible in the light of the past to take so pleasing and hopeful a view of the situation. The remark was only an illustration, following fifty others in the course of his long career, of that arrogance which at irregular intervals the PREMIER, seems unable either to suppress or to conceal. He does not hold a given opinion, therefore he cannot conceive it possible for any man of knowledge or intelligence to hold it. That line of remark will be recognised as familiar by those who have frequently listened to Sir HENRY PARKES ; but, as he should know perhaps as he does know it is not argument. No one who looks for argument is convinced or influenced by it. Only the young and in- experienced are likely to be so misled. But, unfortunately, there are young men and inexperienced men in the Assembly, and the presence of these should inspire respect. When the aged set an example which is an offence, what is to be expected from imitative and inconsiderate youth The remark quoted above is characterised not only by arrogance, but by folly. It is like the ostrich burying its head in the sand under the illusion that its body is thereby concealed, to parade one's inability to conceive a thing that is visible to all the world. The right of the Council to deal with money bills, and to send them back to the Assembly in an altered shape, has been both contended for and exercised by an array of men with valid pretension to constitutional doctrine," and with an undoubted " love of constitutional government." It may be well to repeat here the names we cited yesterday, of Mr. WENTWORTH, Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, Sir V. MANNING, Sir F. DARLEY, and Mr. DALLEY, and to add to the list that of Sir JAMES MARTIN. Here we have not merely students of constitutional history and principle, but men trained in the application of constitutional principle by the active discharge of the duties of public life. Sir JAMES MARTIN won his political reputation on the floor of the Assembly itself, and his strong hold of that sound principle of our Constitution which the PREMIER appears to be unable to apprehend was undisturbed even by the fancies, of the theories, of the prejudices hostile a it which float in the atmosphere of the House to which he belonged. In referring to this question of " pretension," it may be said that if the PREMIER'S memory has lost its fibre there may be some excuse for his absurd remark, although the admission of me excuse dissipates the force of what he says. But if he made the remark with memory awake and with some present consciousness of the facts, and thereby presumed sit in judgment upon the men we MT named, he is himself a pretender-to position which he has never earned Mr cannot hold. Constitutional PrinciP' have to the PREMIER been counters 2 M game of politics, and in the contest; for power- counters taken up, or laid down, discovered or ignored, as the circumstance. of the hour or the exigencies of the STOW tion might dictate. , ... Is it pretension to constitutional «w trine that has prompted the PREMIER to give notice next week of a bill to recon union the Legislative Council upon an elective basis The announcement at this moment is a throat. No such bill could be carried now, even if it were properly introduced. The introduc- tion of such a bill in the Assembly ' (which is implied in the terms of the announcement) would of itself cause a its premature death, for the Council would, in accordance with its own and AvitU British practice, only receive it to lay it j aside. The notice would be destitute of . bona fides as a notice, and could only take effect if it had any effect, as a means of bullying the Council into submission. But we saw this very thing done by Sir HENRY PARKES years ago. History is repeating itself in this case, and the earlier chapter was sorry reading at the best. Can " love of constitutional government " be the key to the meaning of this twice told tale The eager desire for reform in the days gone by must have had some other inspiration, for otherwise it would have led before now to substantial results. During the interval constitutional doctrine has been superseded by the pursuit of fads. Iti8indecent to brandish these paper threats in the face of a branch of the Legislature which, by a Minister who had respect for his position and claimed respect for himself, should be treated respectfully. The head of a Government who, standing in his place in the Assembly, says that the Council should not have so far forgotten itself" must in charity be supposed to have forgotten the primary obligations of his place. It is not, perhaps, surprising that after such an exhibition by the leader of the House a feeling of generous emulation should have stirred up some of his followers to show what they could do. So at a circus we sometimes see the motions of the skilled acrobat copied clumsily by the clown. But surely the millennium is at hand when Mr. J. P. ABBOTT and Mr. WANT appear as disciples of Sir HENRY PARKES. It is not, then, misfortune only that brings together strange bedfellows. There should be some strong sense of community of interest to create these new bonds. There was unconscious humour in the suggestion by one of those gentlemen that the Council, which was scolded for its audacity in going beyond its powers and dictating to the Assembly, had been frightened by his threats. But the proceedings as a whole (making honourable exception of Mr. COPELAND'S courageous profession of another faith were to the discredit of the House. Throughout the long months of this session, when questions of real urgency were awaiting treatment, there have been frequent displays of listless indifference, and time has been wasted in frivolous or unprofitable talk. Suddenly this question peculiar, indeed, in some of its aspects is raised. It is a question to be treated, whatever members' views might be, with moderation and reserve. Its appearance on the floor is the signal for a rush, and it is dispatched as a rat might be amidst a score of terriers. \------------------------------------ To-day we publish the verdict of the Coroner's jury on the death of HENRY PETTIT, who was killed in the Hamilton colliery disaster. The finding is that the accident was caused by the weakness of the pillars. Blame is attached to the overman for not calling out the men when it was reported to him that the roof was working badly. The jury also recommend that a clause be inserted in the new Mining Bill to provide for safe pillars, and that more Government inspectors with greater powers be appointed. The in- quest has been conducted in the midst of so much less excitement than was prevalent after the Bulli disaster, that it will have considerable weight with the public. Subsequent to the Bulli calamity, there was much recrimination in- dulged in, and feeling between managers and miners ran high. There has been comparatively little of that in the present instance, and there was less likelihood of the jury being prejudiced, as is some- times the case, by feeling. Unconsciously, often, men desiring to deal only with evidence are influenced by surroundings and preconception. The verdict in this case is practical and definite, and attributes the accident to one source, while it assigns the death of the colliers more or less directly to another. The verdict of a coroner's jury cannot be taken as convicting, or final, as the process of inquiry is always more or less hurried, and a jury is not often, if ever, composed of experts. This finding must, therefore, be taken only as suggestive, and as a basis upon which searching investigation should be made. The Government is bound to take action. It has presented to it two alleged causes for the disaster, and two recommendations involving changes in the mining law and in the departmental system. These causes may be unsound, and the recommendations may not be necessary ; but the mining community and the public generally will not be satisfied until experts are set to sift the matter to the bottom and to verify the verdict of the jury, or, if that cannot be done, lay open the real sources of the catastrophe. But it is pos- sible for even a Royal Commission to fail in its work. That would be when it was not composed of independent and fully competent men. The result of the Bulli inquiry was not considered satisfactory ; and without reflecting upon the Commis- sion which investigated in that case, we would urge the utmost wisdom in the com- position of the Commission that may be appointed in the present instance. Above all, independent men should be chosen, men who relatively speaking could have no bias, and whose judgments would not be warped by any local con- nection or influence. If the Commission is composed of those who are not only skilled in mining, but those who are used to the analysis of evidence, and whose judgment might be trusted, some- thing should be arrived at that would tend to guide the Government right in its mining legislation, and secure such reforms in the matter of inspection, if reforms are necessary, as may tend to lessen the liability to disasters of the kind that have shocked the country twice in less than three years. Disasters of the kind unsettle the nerves a the public, and depreciate the confidence that is necessary to satisfactorily prosecute mining enterprise. We were singularly fortunate in Australia in the matter of colliery accidents up to the time of the Bulli explosion, but this continuity of disasters tends to make us regard the development of coal-mining operations with a gravity which finds expression in demands for investigation into the causes of the calamities. Yet, after all in- quiry, disasters may still occur. That must be faced. Precautions can minimise disasters, but they cannot destroy them altogether. The element of fatality cannot be driven from our life ; there is such a thing as the inevitableness of disaster. The unseen wear and tear of things, the forces of nature working behind their bulwarks, create destruction unchallenged. No vigi- lance can prevent accident. The im- perfectness of things, the uncertainty of human agency, all make calamity inevitable. Railway accidents, shipwrecks, fires, land-slips, avalanches, will always occur, despite the most perfect systems of precaution. But that should not tend to lessen human responsibility. Though no accident may never occur again in a colliery in Australia such as that which occurred at Hamilton ; and though vigilance and care may not be able to pre- vent this particular form of disaster, we should seek for causes, and then work for the prevention of the repeated action of these causes. Such a course was followed in the case of the Bulli calamity ; and though it proved only partially satisfac- tory, since the conditions now are such that both evidence and judgment are likelier to be calmer than then, with a properly constituted commission we should stand a chance of seeing better results. However correct or incorrect may be the judgment of the jury regarding the weak- ness of the pillars or the responsibility of the overman, those who read the evidence given in the Bulli inquiry, and who have watched the progress of the inquest just concluded, must look with something like assent on the recommendations re- garding the increase to the number of inspectors. The matter of powers to be given to these officers is, however, too large a subject to be considered here. If the pillars in the Hamilton pit were too weak it is apparent that not only should inspection have foreseen danger, but that it should have suggested what the jury have recommended. We do not desire to place any blame upon the present inspectors, and it is clear that the jury in this instance exonerate them from responsibility ; but it is better to be safe than sorry, and we can afford to err on the side of over- inspection rather than on that of under- inspection. In urging the Government to take immediate action, we would recount again the consequences of the Hamil- ton pit disaster while we record the finding of the jury, and suggest the gravest consideration of their recommenda- tions. Eleven labourers are lost to the world, and many women and children are deprived of their bread-winners. A colliery has been wrecked, and there are added to the history of mining in this country records which will make the public as well as miners anxious in the future. The financial loss to the com- pany owning the mine and to the mining community is great ; the general sense of insecurity greater. The Government must act ; it is to be hoped that it will act at once. \--------------------------------------- Clouds hang heavy upon the horizon often before they mount to the place of storm. This is the case with the war clouds of Europe. The season in which the tempest was likely to break has gone, but the threatenings still appear, as our late cables show. Russia is massing large bodies of troops at strategic points on the Russo-Turkish frontier, Servia has been arming her reserves, there has been insurrection in Crete, rumours having apparent foundation have been launched to the effect that Russia and Servia are negotiating for a military convention, and that Turkey has been seeking to enter the Triple Alliance. That is in the East, while in the West the now disorder centres in a supposed offer of France to give the HOPE. an asylum and restore him to his temporal power in Italy. Our European letter which we publish to-day deals with some of these matters, and points out the array of conflicting elements in the present condition of Europe. "War was predicted for last spring, but it did not come, and now the eyes of Europe are turned towards the spring of 1860. While all the Sovereigns of Europe have declared their desire for peace, they have taken care also, as did Lord Swiss iiuiiY some time ago, to say that Europe is heavily armed, and that the pressure towards explosion is heavy. Nations do not arm heavily unless they suspect danger in some quarter, and no protestations of peace would make Ger- many believe that France does not mean hostile action when her opportunity occurs, or convince Austria that Russia is not prepared to attempt the enforce- ment of her designs in the Balkan Peninsula, while Italy trusts France no further than her cannon-balls will reach. With the general distrust there is a general outward show of peace ; but it deceives no one, and a watch is kept upon the points from which proceed the immediate sources of trouble - upon Servia, Bulgaria, and Montenegro. Of these, Servia is the place of present activity. There- Russia is concentrating all her efforts, having been partially baulked in Bulgaria, and is developing her scheme for the union of Montenegro and Servia under a Prince who shall acknowledge the CZAR as his Suzerain. The union of these kingdoms would be a powerful move towards Russian absorption of what once were Ottoman States, and ultimately towards Constantinople. But all is not clear sailing for Russia in Servia. The Slav is dealing with the Slav and Russian diplomacy and intrigue are met by counter intrigue and overt moves on the part of those who have no wish to be ruled from St. Petersburg or to give up the autonomy of the State. And behind this fierce opposi- tion to Russophilism there is Austria bringing her influence to bear and forcing caution on the part of the CZAR, We can see of how little value axe assurances of peace such as fall from the lips of the Emperor FRANCIS JOSEPH and are uttered by the German MINISTER of WAR, when Austria accentuates her protests against Russian interference in Servia by asking for a very large military credit, and makes large additions to her army. HOW serious the complication is at present may be gathered from the fact that King MILAN is again at Belgrade. He would not be there unless he had the support of some of the Powers, because he fled his kingdom in a weak-kneed fashion a few months ago. The two forces are thus in open array against each other. On one side is Russia, the Prince Karagoorgeovitch party, RISTICH, the Premier, who is more than suspected of being a Russophilo, and the Metropolitan MICHAEL, who wields the formidable power of the Church, which is really ruled from St. Petersburg on the other is Austria and the party of autonomy, which would preserve the King and kingdom independent from Russian influence. As it stands, Russia has by far the best of it. But what new turn MILAN'S presence at Belgrade will give to things, standing as they do, is an exciting question. MILAN of himself has little influence ; he was a marrowless kind of king, and no leader ; but even cowards fight well when they have good backing. Both parties calculate well their powers, and the game is a desperate one. Any undiplomatic move on the part of the two Powers most intimately concerned might even at this season of the year, precipitate war. The game can only be played a certain length of time before conclusions come, and Servia cannot for much longer tremble between the poles. The young King can be only a puppet in the hands of a party, and it is significant that, by special order of the CZAR, PERSIAN), the Russian Minister of Belgrade, attended the coronation of King ALEXANDER. Should Austria allow Russia to become supreme in Servia through the appointment of a Russian nominee to the throne, through ALEXANDER'S probable adherence to Russia or through the union of Servia and Montenegro under Prince NICHOLAS, she could bid good-bye to her power in the Balkans. Servia and Mon- tenegro bound ; Russia's hoped-for worked for quarry, Turkey, on the west; and there would only be Roumania and Bulgaria to win over to the side of the CZAR and in the former province, at any rate, the task would not be a difficult one. But such a condition could hardly be established without war, and so long as Russia can accomplish her designs by intrigue she will not resort to force. The CZAR, it is said, desires peace. The position, however, is that of two dogs with one bone lying between them. The two nations can only keep peace while the bone is touched by neither. While Austria is sharpening her sword lest Russia should take her unaAvures Paris is push- ing its friendship with St. Petersburg, towards cementing an alliance which might prevail against the Triple Alliance. But imperialistic Russia will not be seduced by revolutionary France to any definite bonds and so, while the one nation looks to the other as being friendly, there is no certainty of union for either aggressive or defensive purposes. The Triple Alliance is a menace to France and Russia, but it has in all likelihood so far prevented war. England is the only great Power that escapes the immediate anxiety, but even she has to see that Russia does not become so strong in the Balkans as to command the territory from Belgrade to Constantinople. Constantinople is the gate of the Black Sea, and the possession of that by Russia would affect England's supremacy in the Mediterranean. THE Speaker laid on the (able the Legislative Assembly yesterday the report of the Auditor General on the expenditure for the year 1888. Mr. McMillan, in reply to Mr. See, promised to produce a return as early as possible, showing the total number of miles of railway in the colony, open for traffic, with the cost of the same, including rolling stock and plant ; also, the number of miles in course of construction and the probable cost; he also informed the same hon. member that the Grafton Glen Innes road via Newton Boyd, was opened in 1860, but some portions still required to ha formed, ballasted, and metalled; the cost of the road Grafton via Glen Innes to Inverell, to date, was £217,700 5s. 4d. ; the annual vote for its maintenance was £7250; the expenditure to date on the road Lawrence to Tenterfield was £120,401 8s. 3d. ; annual vote, £5700. In reply to Mr. Nicoll's question, Mr. Carruthers said, " It is a fact that the training-ship Vernon is overcrowded, but temporary accommodation is being rapidly provided by the erection of dormitories on the adjacent island (Cockatoo). A second training-ship is not required, but it will be necessary to replace the Vernon by a new and more suitable vessel. Negotiations were opened some time ago with the home Government with this object, and it is hoped that the matter will be finally and satisfactorily settled in a short time" Mr. Sydney Smith, in reply to Mr. Lees, -said;".,;"" f", " m;-OTn1 lion "t AVant-. Olim im ap|j>iw.i..uu Sw. s ...."".". years a. .,"..* worth Falls had been made, but was not granted, as a question of surface right had been raised, and reference had been made to the trustees of the reserve. The matter was being investigated with a view to protect the interests of the public. Mr. M'MILLAN, replying to a question in the name of Mr. Robb's, respecting the St. Peters to Liverpool loopline, said he would be glad if the hon. member would postpone his question, as the Minister for Works intended to disclose to the House the railway policy of the Government in a few days. In reply to Mr. Fletcher's question, Mr. McMillan said 40 locomotive boilers had been ordered during the last six months, of which 50 were from Messrs. Beyer, Peacock, and Co., and 10 from Messrs. Dubs and Co. The estimated cost was £33,000. Tenders for these were not invited in the colony, as these boilers, which were urgently needed, wore duplicates of those supplied by the engines manufactured by the firms mentioned. In reply to Dr. ROSE'S question, Mr. McMillan said a refund of purchase money proportionate to the area of land taken for a road of access to the railway station at Borenore had been made, and the same, Mr. Brunker stated, had been done in the case of a road at Boree. Mr. Sydney Smith, replying to a question in the name of Dr. Ross, said five persons were elected in January last as trustees for the Toowong Common, but it was found that three of them were not qualified, and therefore were illegally elected. On the 4th May last a letter was addressed to the hon. member for Molong, asking him to suggest the names of three suitable persons to fill the vacancies, but no reply had yet been received. Of the two duly-elected trustees (Messrs. Langheim and Falvey), Mr. Falvey resigned on the 15th instant, and the member for the district had now been invited to submit the names of persons suitable to fill that vacancy also. In answer to Mr. Ewing's question, Mr. Sydney Smith said representations had been made to him respecting sericulture on the Tweed River. Inquiries would be made, and it would be deoMod without delay what steps should be taken. He further stated that the matter of a Stock and Pastures Bill was under consideration, but it would not be possible to bring in the bill this session. a TnF first order of the day in the Legislative Assembly yesterday w in the second reading of the Totalisator Legalising Bill Mr. Farnell, who was in charge of the bill, said he thought he should better consult the wishes of hon. members by withdrawing the bill. This statement evoked cheers from the House. He moved that the order of the day be discharged It would take him two hours to say all he had to say in favour of the bill, but he would now withdraw it, and he intended at a future date to introduce a bill to abolish gambling altogether. Mr, Crick congratulated the hon member on his speedy reformation. From going to legalise gambling, he was now going to knock it on the head altogether. Mr, Gormly thought the hon. member was acting wisely in withdrawing the bill. The Order of the Day was then discharged, and the bill was withdrawn. Mr. Playfair moved the second reading of the EBBCX street Alignment Act, the object of which was to permit of an alteration of two feet in the alignment of the footpath in a part of the street in question. The second reading of the bill was agreed to at once, but a difficult-, arose in committee. The only clause of the bill enacts that the footways and carriage way of Essex street, from George to Princes streets, shall be of the respective dimensions shown on a plan of the said Street, numbered IA, now deposited in the Sydney Town Hall It was pointed out that the Legislative Council had previously rejected the bill on account of the vagueness of this description, and a long discussion ensued as to how the difficulty could be met. It was proposed to attach a copy of the plan referred to as a schedule to the bill. Mr Tonkin then took objection to the measure as being a private bill, which ought to be dealt with by a select committee After debate, Mr Melville overruled the objection, and the schedule was agreed to. The bill was reported to the House, and the report was adopted, after having occupied the attention of the Assembly for about two hours. Mr. ALFRED ALLEN moved the second reading of the Mortgage Act Amendment Bill, the object of which, he explained, was to facilitate the release of mortgages. Under the existing system inconvenience was experienced, and it was necessary to pay a heavy conveyance fee The bill proposed to adopt the system practised under the Friendly Societies Act, which made the release equivalent to a reconveyance. It worked well in connection with the friendly societies, and it could do no harm to extend the principle to the general public Mr Gould supported the second reading of the bill, and said there was a similar provision in the Trustees Act, which, it was thought, would have met all the requirements of the case, but it was afterwards found that there were very great doubts whether it would effect the purpose for which it was intended, and no legal practitioner would recommend his client to take a release instead of a reconveyance The bill would require considerable amendment in the direction shadowed forth in the notices given by Mr. J. P. Abbott, the second reading was agreed to, and clause 1, which provides for the repeal of the Act 50 Victoria No. 5, was carried. Mr. Gould then moved in clause 2 the amendments standing in the name of Mr W P. Abbott, which were all agreed to. The bill was reported with amendments, and the report was adopted. THE second clause of the Mortgage Act Amend- ment Bill, as altered in committee, now reads as follows -" Whenever the person for the time being entitled to receive payment of money secured by mortgage upon real or leasehold property, of any interest thereon (whether such person shall be the original mortgagee or some person claiming through, under, or on trust for him), shall personally or by his attorney sign a receipt endorsed, or purporting to be endorsed on such deed, to the effect that his claim thereunder has been satisfied, or the moneys thereby secured, have been paid the mortgaged property shall, upon such acknowledgement of satin faction, or such receipt being registered d in manner provided by law for the registration of instruments affecting land thereupon, but as from the date of such acknowledgement of satisfaction or receipt he deemed vested in the person at such date entitled to the equity of redemption therein subject to all the uses, trusts, estates, and interests to or upon which the same then stood limit, d, and without the necessity for any re conveyance, re assignment, or other assurance at law or in equity whatever. THE second reading of a bill to remove doubts as to the power of the municipal council of the city of Sydney over certain streets and lanes as formed or laid out, under the subdivision of the Blackfriars Estate, and on a no tion of the Shop herd's Nursery Estate, was moved by Mr El munds. He explained that whereas the law required streets to be laid out at least 40ft wide, and lanes at least 20ft wide, on these estates some of the streets, and all the lanes were under the prescribed with the land had been sold, and there was a large population there, but as the City Council had no power to take over the thoroughfares they were not formed, lighted or drained properly Mr Gould objected to people doing illegal acts, and then coming there to get them legalised. Mr. Abigail said these people had been punished by the City Council already, and had sustained enormous losses through the Council not taking over these streets. He did not think they ought to punish the persons who had bought this land innocently. He reminded the House that the Government had built one of the most public schools in Sydney fronting this very property. Mr. Carruthers said the plan had been accepted by the Examiner of Titles, and he should support the bill. Mr. I ees spoke in defence of the City Council, who had done all they could in the matter. The bill should be passed in order to enable the Council to make the streets decent and clean. Mr. Cullen condemned the illegal way in which the streets had been laid out, but would support the bill in the interests of the public health. Mr. Creer and Mr. Melville supported the bill. Mr. Tonkin moved that the bill be referred to a select committee, but the motion was not seconded. After some remarks by Mr. Joseph Abbott, who thought they might allow the bill to pass, the second reading was carried. The bill was taken through committee, reported to the House, and the report was adopted. THE second reading of the Warwick Railway Farm Bill was moved by Mr. Farnell, who explained that the line had been made, and neither the Commissioners nor the promoters were aware that Legislative sanction was necessary. But it appeared that the line crossed a public thoroughfare, hence the necessity for the bill. After a short debate the second reading of the bill was agreed to. The measure U, in the main, on the same lines as other bills passed by the House empowering private persons to construct railways, except that a few matters of detail, it was found when in committee, had been omitted. These Mr. McMillan promised should he drafted into new clauses to be added to the bill when in the Legislative Council. An altera- tion was made in the first clause, to limit the authority given in the bill to 21 years, instead of 50, as originally proposed. The only other amendments made were of a verbal nature. The bill was reported to the House with amendments, and the report was adopted. The second reading of the Bathurst Cattle Sale Yards Bill was moved by Mr. Paul, and after debate was agreed to. The bill was taken through committee with only one amendment of consequence, moved by Mr. Paul, in regard to the period at which full rates should be charged. The bill was reported with amendments, and the report was adopted. The House adjourned at 27 minutes to midnight ANY persons who wish to obtain appointments in the Education Department will do well to avoid making personal application to the Minister. Mr. Carruthers condemns personal application and solicitation by the friends of applicants, as an attempt to influence the selection of the Minister, and complains that a large amount of his time has recently been taken up by interviewers of this character. Some time ago the chief examiner of teachers retired from this position, and though the variation is not to be AUtd, M this branch of the department is being reorganised, Mr. Carruthers says he has been interviewed by almost innumerable applicants. And he has had a similar experience with regard to the positions of commanding officer and adjutant of the Cadet Corps, for which written applications are now being invited. Tn_ Elections and Qualifications Committee met for the third time yesterday to consider the petition lodged against the return of Mr. W. F. Schey as a member of the Legislative Assembly for the electorate of Redfern. Application was made on behalf of the Herald for the admission of a reporter to the meeting, but, as at the previous meeting, the application was refused, and the public press was shut out from the proceedings. Mr. C. A. Leo, M.L.A., presided at the meeting, which was entirely devoted to the hearing of evidence. At a late hour in the afternoon the meeting was adjourned till 10 a.m. on Thursday. A DEPUTATION from the Phonographic Association of New South Wales waited upon the Minister for Public Instruction yesterday and urged that shorthand should be introduced as a subject into the Public schools. Mr. Carruthers, whilst pointing out that the number of subjects embraced in the curriculum was already so large that it was almost impracticable to add another, said that if he could see his way to do so he would introduce an experimental class in some of the superior Public schools. Sir HENRY PARKES is still suffering from the cold which attacked him some days ago. On Wednesday he was unable to attend to his public duties, but on Thursday he was again at his office, and in the evening took part in the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly. Yesterday, however, the Premier was so indisposed that he considered it best to remain at home. His absence from Parliament was particularly noticed last evening, and there were numerous inquiries concerning the state of the hon. gentleman's health. The Hon. Bruce Smith, Secretary for Public Works, was by a Supplementary Government Gazette of yesterday appointed to be nominal defendant in the matter of a petition presented by Mr. Joseph John Rochester. THE ceremony of planting trees in the grounds of the Superior Public School at Leichhardt, which was announced to be performed to-day, has been postponed to Saturday next. Mr. Hawthorne, M.L.A., who has interested himself in this matter, and is, in fact, the principal mover in it, has requested us to state that the postponement is due to the wet weather having interfered with the trench- ing of the ground. WE understand that Mr. Griffin, the American consul, had an opportunity of being transferred elsewhere ; but owing to the interest he felt in the colony, and at the request of his Government, he determined to return to his post here. MAJOR-GENERAL. EDWARDS, CB., R.E., will inspect the undermentioned corps in Moore Park this afternoon Cavalry, Lancers, Illawarra, and West Camden troops ; Permanent Artillery, Battalion and Field Batteries, with four guns horsed ; Volunteer Artillery, Nos. 2, 3 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 12 Batteries, and No. 1, with four guns horsed ; Mounted Infantry, Permanent, Picton and Camp- belltown companies Submarine Miners, Permanent and Partially Paid ; Engineers, 1st Regiment, complete ; 2nd Regiment, loss Ulladulla Corps ; 3rd and 4th Regiments, complete, also Scottish Rifles ; Medical Staff Corps and Ambulance, complete. Troops will be formed up in review order, General Staff in undress, in line of quarter column, 12 paces interval between battalions, by 2.45 pm. facing east. The march past will take place at 3.80. For the metropolitan corps pay and efficiency will be allowed for a half-day parade, and for all others similar allowances will be made for a whole-day parade, each to be in lieu of corresponding parades in the last quarter of the year. It is expected that upwards of 3000 troops will take part. Major General Edwards inspected the defences at Wollon- gong yesterday, in company with Major-General Richardson, Colonel Bingham, and Lieutenant Colonel de WOIBW. The military authorities have arranged that great coats shall be worn at the parade to- morrow if it is raining, and if fine they are to be worn on banderole. Tnn annual report of the Auditor-General on the Treasurer's statements of the receipts and expenditure, as, for the year 1888 was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly last evening. We publish an abridgment of the document in another portion of this issue. Mr. H. C. RUSSELL, the Government Astronomer, is advised of the discovery of two other comets at Kiel, Germany. The first was seen on the 5th current, its position being right ascension 21-4-, and declination 819 north. The right ascension was reported to be decreasing two minutes per day, and the declination 10 minutes. The second comet was first observed on the 6th current, Its right ascension was 2345 ; declination, 9-10 ; the R. A. increasing one minute per day, declination decreasing. The first is supposed t J be the comet discovered by Barnard on the 9th September of last year. Both are small, but on clear nights are visible here. The one already reported is slightly increasing in brilliancy. THE annual commemoration service in connection with St. Ann's Church of England, Ryde, was held yesterday. The Rev. H. H. Britten, the incumbent, officiated, and was assisted by the Rev. C J. Byng. The Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney preached the sermon. There was a large congregation, which afterwards assembled in St Ann's Hall, where a tea meeting took place, and addresses were subsequently delivered. ON- Thursday evening, at the mission church of St. Stephen, Edgecliff-road East, the presentation of a gold pencil-case was made, on behalf of some of the ladies of the congregation, by the Rev. H. Wallace Mort, M. A., incumbent of the parish church, All Saints', Woollahra, to the Rev. H. J. Campbell, late assistant clergyman, who had been closely identified with the mission from its early days. The present was accompanied by a letter expressing the high esteem in which Mr. Campbell was hold for his consistent and faithful work when minister- ing in this outlying district The rev. gentleman, I in ro"l,.;-,v to find any more of nr,..Pnx7»l came upon him as a surprise, and he was touched by the kindly act, which would be to him a memento of the good relations which had over subsisted between them, A vote of thanks having been passed to the incumbent for presiding, the meeting terminated with the pronouncing of the benediction. On the evening of Thursday last Mr. R. E. Callow, the retiring organist and choirmaster of the Ashfield Presbyterian Church, was the recipient of a handsome silver tea service and salver, presented by the choir. Mr. J. M'Credie in making the presentation spoke of the long and effective services of that gentleman and their regret at losing him. Mr. Callow responded in suitable terms. SOME 89 Vermont sheep arrived by the Port Pirie from London yesterday. They are consigned to Messrs. Alex. Wilson and Co., the owner being Mr. E. D. Morrison. The sheep were placed in quarantine yesterday under the supervision of the chief inspector of stock (Mr. Bruce) and the Government veterinarian (Mr. Stanley). MR. SCOTT, veterinary surgeon from the Board of Health, together with the Inspector of Stock, visited Gladesville on Thursday afternoon to inspect a cow which was believed to be suffering from a form of contagious disease. The surgeon, however, discovered nothing to warrant that belief. In the case of several valuable cows which died in and around Ryde during the early part of the week there was nothing for the surgeon to examine as all the oar cases had been destroyed, no expressed his belief that they had died from contagious disease, and wished to be sent for should another case occur. THE Poultry and Dog Show at the Exhibition Building was fairly well attended yesterday, the various exhibits proving decidedly attractive to the visitors. The show closes this evening. As inmate of the Callan Park Asylum, who escaped from that institution on the 23rd instant, was returned there last night, She h a young woman named Kate Minogue, and was found by the police wandering about the streets at Wollongong, whither she had walked from Sydney. She was sent down to the No. 3 police-station, where she was received by the asylum authorities. THE special sittings of the three Jury Courts which were Used for tho purpose of getting rid of the remanets, were brought to a conclusion yesterday, only one or two cases being left over. In the No. 1 Jury Court the hearing of the action, Proud- foot Brothers versus the E., S., and A. 0 Bank, was concluded, and the jury, without leaving the box, returned a verdict for the defendants. In the No. 2 Jury Court the action, Hope versus the Borough of Macdonaldtown, was resumed and concluded, and also resulted in a verdict for the defendants. The action Skinner v. Jeanneret was partly heard and adjourned until next sittings, as there was no prospect of finishing it one day. On Monday next the business of Term will be opened. MR. W. JOHNSON, S.M., was occupied for a considerable time yesterday in hearing evidence as to the mental condition of the man Henry Weaver, now under committal by the High Commissioner of Fiji for the alleged murder of Captain Greenlees, late master of the schooner Colonist, whilst lying at Suva, during May last. Since the committal of the accused doubts were entertained as to his sanity, and with a view to throwing more light on the subject the testimony of several persons resident in this colony, who were personally acquainted with Weaver prior to his leaving in the schooner for Fiji, was required. The evidence taken by Mr. Johnson, will be sent on to the Prothonotary, who will forward it under seal to the Court of Justice at Fiji. Huon CHARLES SAVAGE HIDDILSTON, the well known cricketer, appeared before Mr. G. W. F. Addison, S.M., at the Water Police Court yesterday, in answer to a charge of embezzling certain moneys, the property of the Government Mr. Edward Grant Ward, the Registrar-General, in whose department the prisoner was employed, having given some evidence for the prosecution, Mr. Healy, who prosecuted on behalf of the Crown, said the other side wished to make an application, whereupon Mr. P. 0. Williams, who defended Hiddilstone, asked for a postponement of the case until Friday. After some discussion Mr. Addison remanded the accused until Wednesday next, allowing him out on bail in the sum of £1000. Mr. Williams wished to know if the Bench would make an order, prohibiting the press from publishing the evidence while the case was JU6 judice ; but Mr. Addison refused to interfere in the matter. Hiddilston also appeared in the Summons Division of the same court in answer to three charges of forgery and uttering. The hearing of these cars 63 was postponed for a week. RESPECTING the city footpaths, " Citizen " writes :-" I notice the scaffolding has been removed from the Union Bank buildings in Pitt-street ; but I ask : Why is the pathway in its present disgraceful condition? The temporary wooden footway has been removed, and foot passengers must now needs go into the carriage- way, than which there is not a more dangerous point in the city. It is only a few months since a poor man was crushed to death by a passing vehicle at this very corner." Toucnnio the Bondi trams, a " Constant Reader " writes t-" I often wish someone would call attention to the terrible inconvenience experienced by Bondi residents owing to there being no tram from 5.3 to 5.50 p.m., and as one tram travels to the junction and remains there for 20 minutes or so, it seems so strange that it could not come on, as it would only take 15 minutes to run to Bondi and back to the junction." THE Ago says that an appeal was made to the Government in the Victorian Legislative Assembly by Mr. W, Collard Smith to place a sum of money upon the estimates to provide an annuity to relieve the declining years of Dr. Wills, the father of the late Mr. W. J. Wills, the famous explorer who perished with Bourke in the Australian bush while endeavouring to cross the continent In 1862 the Government of the day placed a sum of £2000 on the estimates for the purchase of debentures, which were to remain the property of the Government, while the interest was paid over to Mrs. Wills, while two separate sums of £500 each were voted to each of the two Misses Wills. The family of the explorer resided in Dorsetshire, England, where Dr. Wills earned a livelihood by practising medicine. Mrs. Wills died in 1880, when the annuity terminated and the Treasurer refused to continue the payment of the interest to the family, which is now stated to be in the most straitened circumstances, Dr. Wills being now over 90 years old, and quite unable to practice his profession any longer. Mr. Gillies expressed his regret that the Wills family should be in distress. The great services which had been rendered to the colonies by young Willa entitled the family to consideration at the hands of the Government, and he promised to look into the special circumstances of the case and see what could be done. Two lectures will be given in the School of Arts to-day - the first in the afternoon, specially for children; and the second in the evening, when the Rev. Jonathan Evans will deliver Dickens' Marley's Ghost." THE following is the order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral to- morrow Morning: Te Deum, Colbourne in C: anthem, Stand up and bless the Lord, your God" (Sir John Goss). Afternoon: Nunc Dimittis, Hopkins in F ; anthem, " Seek ye the Lord " (Dr. J. V. Roberts), tenor solo and chorus. Litany (Tallis). REV. JOHN FORDYCE, M.A., of Woollahra, who has lately arrived in the colony from Belfast, is announced to preach to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock in the Burwood Congregational Church. THE Rev B. Rhodes, of Melbourne, is announced to conduct the services at the North Shore Congregational Church to-morrow, and during the month of August. THE following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ended July 24 Admitted, 8 women, 9 children ; births, 4 ; deaths, 3 : discharged, 7 women, 20 children ; remaining in the house, 94 women, 141 children ; total, 235. Provisions distributed: 2169 loaves bread, 1448 lb. flour, 717\. meat, GHlb. sugar, 15lb. tea, 631. sago. 2043\. rice, 3lb. arrowroot, 821. oatmeal. Fresh applications for relief, 36; cases reported by the inspector, 72\. In 28 cases the relief was discontinued, in 4 cases the rent money was disallowed, and it was reduced in 2 cases, and in 1 case the rations were reduced. Total number of cases relieved, 536. 