lEbf -àpîmcp iHornfng ïwato SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1B88. -? H. M. STANLEY is expected to reach the coût by the end of October. IT has been announced by Cardinal Manning tb.it tho Loudon dook strike is now virtually terminate. Only a few points affecting outside labour remito to bo decided. IT ia admitted by the mon on strike that the tg¡. talion would havo collapsed had it not been for the liberal support afforded by Australia. City mes aisert that the Ausiraliau support of the demindi 'of the striki rs imperils the commercial position ud supremacy of London. A CYCLONE whioh occurred a'ongthe Atlantis coast of America wrecked a number of vejiels, ui 50 persons wero drowned. THE etasos in the recent match have be-n handed over to Searle. Searle is willing to row Gaudiir on the Thames or on the Parramatta Biter, but docliuos to row in Amerioa. THE wheat market is at a standstill. Sugar ii dull of sale, and quotations are unchanged. AT a meeting of the Board of Technical Eda» tion yesterday afternoon, returns of students for tb« second term wore submitted. The total number oa the Tolls was 2365 ; average attendance, 1170 number of individual students, 1753, ; IN the Bank of England the issue department j stock of gold coin and bul ion is £'JO,018,000, The banking department reserve is notes and coin is £12,42_,000. The circulation (excluding buk post bills) ia £24,üö<i,000. AT the Water Police Court yesterday Michael Scott, a distiller, was fined £100 for haying in hil custody an unlicensed still, and being found in the act of working it in a house, No. 36, PrinceMtrnt, on the Cth instant. THE floods in the Murray aro said to be the heaviest ever k own. The river at Tocumwal ii 2¡_ above the lovel in 1870. Alarming news hu ben received from above Albury. NEW ZEALAND mutton is selling in London it 4Jd. por lb., but beef is unchanged, Australian mutton is quoted at i\à. THE Bank of Australasia bas declared a dividend with bonus amounting to 14 per cent. AT the Central Police Court yesterday, M'Nil " consultation promoters'* were fined in sums ranging fiom £50 to ±"25 and costs, for breach*«of the Betting Houses Suppression Act. MB. SANTLET bad another large audience «t hil" second concert at West Maitland yesterday. A -TAN named Luck, whilst returning from Moiuyato his re-idence at Yarragee, was thrown from his cart and killed. A DEPUTATION from Parramatta waited upon tie Under Secretary for Lands yesterday morning and advocated tho necessity for the resumption of I i ¡eco of land at Harris Park for recreation pur- poses. THE sculling race in England between Mittenoii and Bubear has been lixed for October 14. THEBB was more activity in tho Mining _____ yesterday, but tho Stock markets wew quiet. In the Import markets business was steady, the coarse of trad« being free fiom anything of a epecrd tive cbarater. THE total number of persons employed in the Victorian public service is .8,150, of whom 23,038 aro poimanont and 50U9 aro casual. The total amount of salaries paid to the Civil eervanti of Victoria is £8,004,302. BUBNS, tho Socialist leader, declines to contest Dundee. THE o.ibrnon of Brisbane protest agiinst the lisle of fees adopted by the tnflic board there, and func- tioned by iho Chief Secretary. TnE Senior and Junior Publio Examinations and Civil Servioe Examinations in country diatricti will commence on Monday next A BtLL to maka bettor provi«ion for the admin* tration of ju-iico has boen read the second time ia the Queensland Legislativo Assembly. Oon Norfolk Islutid correspondent says that u yet no wholes have boon captured, but the bolts have been alongado sovotal, and many misses aro lecoided against tho boat-stoarera. Títere is, how- ever, yet plenty of time for a good take. OUR Special Cooimifsioner.in Queensland,' in hil eighth article umler thtt heading o£ "Tuwardi me Sun Line," doalB with tue decli.,e of the su_- in- dustry at Mackay. In concluding, he gives til views of a piauler on the su jool. ON another page will be found a description of tho Naval Iteview at Spithe-d by our special corres pondent in England. Alluding to iho pre«ence or the Emperor of Germany at the affa_,bc«iji "that perhaps he wiolds tho greatest miW power in the world, but there is no perhaps about Eneland's power on the sea. She may not be »J much ihe greatest ns sho ou -ht to be, but that ini is tho greatest nobody I'oubts." EtsEwiiERn we publish our usual letters, gi «ni details of English and Parisian gossip. _»f£ menta, fêles, banquets, concert», and spectacle's or «a kinds eeera moro than over tho ordor of tue oay arnon, the vast proportion of tho ohizons m -«» In EuRland, the close of the season, the d°P«tu"" the Shah, and the welcoming of the Germ« Empeior are the principal items dealt witn. A rtETUBN has been laid before the South A«* ? traban Parliament giving information with reg«» to the strength of the military torces of the colony during late ¿care. THEBE was a good attendance at the Wild W» Show at Manly yesterday. The Hospital Bat«« . and Village Fair also recsived good patronage. A SECOND bill to relieve from liability boldort« ?bares taken up at a discount in pabho coinpsni« has been withdrawn from the British Legwliw» A LASO- Are is repotted from Mell»«»" «. ,i «remires occupied by Messrs. George and George, A_en and Co., and W. H. Glen and Co., in Collins .(rest, were burnt, the total damage being estimated ((¿200,000. Several firemen were injured. A yiy.TH-nBOARD cottage in Hill-Btreet, Leich njrdtrwaä burnt down last night, and a gin named Fannell, seven years of age, perished ia the flames, i The London d >ck atrike, we may hope, is i ovar. The announcement of the fact will cause gratification both in England and in ' Australia, for, while the suspension of work by the dock labourers paralysed the j London shipping trade, . it interfered at the same time with. Australian interests ; and if the dispute had continued much longer complications of a serious land might have arisen. The strike began on the 17th August, so that it lasted nearly a month, and it may be regarded as one of the most memorable labour conflicts ever waged in a British coai munity. It waa certainly one of the most far-reaching strikes ever known in England. No other strike in the old country has taken such hold upon the aitis'in cla*s, nor has any other strike so moved thepuhlic which, generally Bpeaking, he- taken the part of the men. The atti- tude of the English people in this matter was duo, no doubt, to the commisera- tion excited by the wretched ease of the dock labourers, and it was the strong sympathy shown by the English public that led to an outburst of generosity in Australia, which has been recognised in the mothar country as the most remarkable feature of the strike. The dock labourers, as everyone knows, have been fighting for an increase of the rate of pay from 5d. to Cd. per hour, and an understanding appears to have been arrived at by which the higher rate will be paul from the 1st November. A week ago the dockowners offered to make the increase from the 1st of next January, but these terms were rejected. The settlement now arrived at ia a compromise. What, it may be a».ked, will be the effect of the decision which has been arrived at? Undoubtedly the effect will be to raise the minimum rate of wages. It was clear to everyone, from the beginning of the strike, that the quarrel would end by raising the price of the low-class day labour from Cd. to 6d. an hour. To those who measured the forces in conflict it waa evident ,tuat the dockowners were left alone. The river wharfingers were competing with them, and showed no dispo-ition to make a ring. Shipowners, consignors, and consignees were all losing money by the delay, were pressing the dook companies to give in, and were threatening actions for damage. The plea of the dockowners, that at present rates they could not affoid to pay any more, was true enough, but their remedy will be to try nome plan of raising rates, and so indemnifying themselves. THere is at present in London more shipping accommodation than the trade of the port requires. The competition in providing it has been excessive, and the remedy is to abate it by some mutual Understanding. Meanwhile, the men, receiving great encouragement, hold the strongest position, and it is a remarkable illustration of the fact that under favourable circumstances moral force tells, to see a mas« of men without a union and without a shilling of money to fall back upon, and about the most helples» portion of the community making a successful movement. Now that the wage has gone up to 6d. it will stay there, so that figure will become a minimum standard, and the dockowners will bo compelled, somehow or other, to adjust themselves to it, and the fact is specially noticeable because it is in accord with so many other social movements of the day, the tendency of which has been to draw a hard and fast line as a defence against encroachments. Of course, to state a minimum wage is arbitrary and arti- ficial ; that must be admitted : but if no other and better method can ne suggested the objection has no weight. We are continually adopting remedies that are not perfect, but if they are the best that can be adopted, and if they are better than the disease, that is their justification. All the Factory Acts are arbitrary, the limitation of the hours of labour of women and children is arbitrary, the eight-hour movement is arbitrary, the time of coming of age is arbitrary. If the dock labourers combine and say, " We will not take less than ,6d. per hour," they simply say the force of competition shall go so far and no farther. Of course, the difficulty among so many men eager for employment will be to observe the limit ; but in the temper they aro now, that will probably not be impossible, at least for a. time. Thero would piobably hnve been a dock labourers' union long be- fore this if it had not been that the Work is in no sense a speciality : it is everybody's business who happens to drift into the lowest stage of London poverty. Men used to the work will do it better than men not used to it, and well-fed men Will do it better than scarecrows. Still, anybody can lend a hand at moving bales and pnekages about, and those ?who have found nothing batter to do hove competed for the work. It is because the competition has been amongst the poorest that it has been so severe, and for that very reason the labour has been of poor quality. It may yet turn out that the dock companies will find that labour is not really cheap because it seems so, and that it will pay them better to keep about them a smaller num- ber of men more steadily employed, better fed, and more constantly used to the Work. We know from our own experience thut a miscellaneous gang taken from the unemployed takes a lot of breaking-in. It is quite probable that the rai-incr of the minimum wage mny lend to some sifting out amongst the London dock labourers. The companies will be more particulur in chona'ng their men ; this will establish a \- distinction, and of cour-e the sveaker will go to the wall. It will be good for those that get the preference, bad for those that are rejected. It will be good for one set of ' »ten, worse for another sot. The whole difficulty of the social ptoblem will not te altered, but it will chango its character. But this seems to be the way in which the upward sooial movement rorke, and all that the philanthropists can do is to rocngniBe the fact and na just their operations to it. The reason w hy the prioe of laboar has been worked down so low is, that there have been more men asking for work than Have been wanted. If the exact number required are taken out of their ranks and put in a better posi- tion, then the remainder of their number will be left with nothing to do, and the problem will be how to deal with them. In these colonies the practice baa been to go to the Government and ask for public works. In Englimd they have tried to keep clear of that, and in America the Government sternly refuses to acknow- ledge anv obligation in the matter. But whatever may be the fate of the un- employed in London, the great fact that comes out of the present strike is the lifting of the minimum wage. It will have been done at the cost of a great deal of suffering, but it will probably be a permanent rise, and during the present generation at least, it is likely that no dock labourer will get less than Cd. an hour. The probabilities, indeed, are much more in favour of a further rise than of a diminution. Assuming that this is so, we have to ask, what does it indicate P It indicates this, that public opinion, while not condemning competition or cheapness, admits that we may buy these advantages too dearly. The Socialist, who is a theorist, and who dashes at once al extreme conclusions, argues that if competition has produced some evils, it must be »ad, and ought to be abolished. The practical common-aense of English- men, which keeps to the ground and does not take leaps into the air, reasons dif feiently. It says : Competition has pro- duced some good and some evil ; let us see if we cannot abate the evil, even though to do that we may have to part with some of the good. And this movement in favour of a minimum wage, arbitrary as it is, is simply one of the many forms in which the extreme severity of competition is being abated. It is in that light that it is to be judged. The late sculling victory on the Thames, accomplished as it was with comparative ease, is suggestive of a number of specula- tions having little in common with the fact that on a distant river one young man proved himself superior to anotker in pro- pelling a light skiff. How comes it that in a small population, in a country whose climate was long sup- posed to be conducive to effeminacy rather than to sturdiness, men are to be found of such supreme excellence in the very pursuits so long associated with other linds? Situated as Australia is, with one-third of her territory within the tropics, and no point of the remaining two thirds nearer to the Equator than Cential Spain or Southern Italy, it was long believed that her people would gradually fall away from the physical standard of the hardy breed from which they sprang. So far as recent éventa show, it must be confessed that the falling- off is not only of a gradual kind, but appears to be in an unexpected direction. To stand supreme in one pursuit, and equal, or nearly so, in others, is certainly remark- able, when it js remembered that the popu- lation of the whole colony is considerably less than that of a firafc-olass European or American city. It would therefore appear as if the gloomy prognostica- tions, so freely indulged in during the early years of the century, and even up to a recent date, regarding the tendency of the Australian climate to produce effeminacy are likely to remain unful- filled. It occasionally happens that a nation by no means distinguished for bodily or mental activity contributes for a number of years an entirely disproportionate num- ber of mental, and physical ath- letes, and then falls back into decrepitude as if exhausted by the effort. Attain, there are communities where what might be called the élite assigning to that term its proper meaning of the best, irrespectively of social posi- tion-are separated by a wide gulf from their average fellow-countrymen. Travel- lers assure us that the Japanese are a slight and small race of men. From the appearance of the officers and crews of thoie of their vessels which have occasion- ally visited us, it would appear as if, in this instance at least, travellers' tales were true. but there is sufficient evidence, even when carefully win nosvod, to show that there are Japanese athletes whose feats of strength and skill fairly astonish their European beholders. In other words, there ara to be found Among them a few puissant individuals, while the vast bulk of the population is less thun mediocre. This is not an enviable state of affairs. As the old Greeks be- lieved, it would be far better to have fewer athletic demi-gods aud more well- de- veloped men. Or, to put it differently, it would be preferable for a nation to attain a high average of physioal development, while possess'ing no exceptionally endowed individuals, thun to reach but a low standard and possess a few physical aris- tocrats. The same applies to the realm of mind. Better a high average of intelli- gence and culture, with but an occasional notability, than a low one with many. How stnnds the case with regard to New South Wales ? Are we, at the expense of the great body of the people, cultivating a small number of supreme athletes P If the answer to this is an affirmative one, there is no great reason for gratulatiou. But if the answer should be a negative one, if it could be shown that coincidently with the rise of the few there has been no depressing of the many, the case is one not so much for alarm as for surprise and felici- tation. Some years ago it was customary in England to apply the term ,( weediness " i to young Australian natives, especially to those of the mother colony. They were supposed to lack that essential quality of I bottom or staying-power on which the people of Anglo-Saxon descent placed such store-a quality, iudeed, which the Englishman, rightly or wrongly, con- sidered poculiaily his own. So far as those are concerned who up to th« present have come to the iront in athletics or in j the higher pursuits of mental culture, I there appears to be no ground for the I supposition. In the walks of mind they have certainly held their own, I while in the sphere of physical prowess they have UH certainly more than I held it. Nor does this equality in the one or superiority in the other appear to be gained by the depression of the majority. ' While there is no reason for believing that the excellence of the few ia bat a measure of the mediocrity oí the bulk, there is every reason to conclude the levelling-up to be all-round. If it ware possible to measure the mental and physical status of a whole people with the same certainty as their imports or exports, it would be found that the. inhabitants of New S-uth Wales would not lose by the application of such a rigorous test. Lest this opinion should be attributed to national vanity, that besetting sin of young communities, it might be as well to say at the outset that the superiority, such as it is, is not assigned by us to any fanciful excellence arising from race or from race- blending. in these matters other lands have had similar opportunities, have enjoyed the same advantages, and even greater ones, of being peopled by races admittedly among the foromoBt among men. The dif- ference, we take it, may be almost wholly ascribed to the congenial sur- roundings-to the easier conditions of life and the absence of that fierce struggle for existence which in older lands does so much to concentrate men's faculties on the all- absorbing question of making a living. When the great bulk of men have to pass almost fiom the cradle to the grave in studying how to make ends meet, it is not to be supposed that they would find time to devote to those pursuits which make for the general improvement. Still, endeavour as we may to explain the circumstance of the late contest and of preceding oner, the fact remains remark- able. It may be, no doubt, that as talent of various kinds comes to the front, not singly, but in batches, and at irregular intervals-one period producing a galaxy of great poets, unother of famous states- men, and a third of profound philosopher -so there are periods when noted athletes make tbeir way to the van in groups, and others when excellence is more exceptional than common. The really curious thing, us has been mentioned already, is that, BO far as sculling is concerned, the supremacy should hu ve remained so long with a spuroely-peopled country which cannot be oaid to possess any marked advantage over others ia favouring this peculiar department of exercise. The lesson, which may fairly be gleaned from the recent struggle, frem others of a similar kind which preceded it, and from many late competitions of a different class, in which the young native born inhabitants of New South Wales have taken a part, is that the vaticinations so freely ventilated for years and not unheard even at present regarding the tendency of the Australian climate to disastrously affect the mental or bodily virility of the Anglo-Saxon race have been abundantly disproved. A paragraph in our " Parisian Gossip " of this morning gives a remarkable in- stance of the tendency towards lavish magnificence and display manifested in the appointments of the modern stage. The writer is speaking.of the increasing richness of stage coBtumes, and instances the case of an extravagant outfit in course of preparation for Miss ABBOTT, the American celebrity, "which sinks into insignificance all previous stage finery." One of her costumes cost £320, and this is only a purt of that lady's gorgeous magnificence. Another correspondent told us something of the attractions of the great fuir on the Seine the other day, that adds to the idea thus given us of the increasing efforti now being put forth by those who cater for the public amu-ernent. He spoke of singers, dancers, and players from Spain, Roumanitt, and Finland, and of the elaborate and paradisaic costumes of the gitanas and aimées who ceaselessly provide fresh stimulants for the gay capital's spec- tacular curiosity. The spirited en- trepreneurs who speculate so largely in stage attractions, and draw PO largely on the resources of the costumier's and scene-painter's art, Beom determined to recognise no limits to the possibilities of development in this direction. We have arrived, as it were, at an epoch in the history of the elaboration of public amusements. Of course the desire for sumptuous appointments and dazzling stage finery is not altogether new in connection with popular entertainments, but at no time has the attention of thoso who make a profes- sion of this kind of thing been directed so little to the mere collection of hetero- geneous effects in barbaric profusion, and so much towards providing accessories strictly adapted to the unities of the spectacle presented, and best calculated to perfect its realistic, and consequently its artiutic, completeness. This tendency, indeed, is a characteristic note of the theatrical spirit of the time. IitviNo, in London, made his " Faust " and " Hamlet " marvels of stage appointment. The scenic suc- cess of these plays, always a feature with InviNG, was due not so much to heaped-up wealth of material as to fidelity to archaeological and historical detail, and an artistic perception of the unities of time and place in tho effects that crowded the stage and in the whole mounting of these and other piece. Audiences are now much more critical . in these matters than they were not so very many years ago, and they are just as ready to find fault with a painted wuterfall, instead of the real article, as some of them are to hesitate over the literal sense of SHAKESPEARE'S coa«t of Bohemia. No stage manager with any feeling of hie business ever put- a play on the bourd* in these days without first | exercising his invention and ingonuity to the utmost to make his presentment as realistic as possible with the aid of judi i clous setting and appointments. In j SHAKESPEAEE'S time we are aware that much was left to the imagination of the audience, A card exhibited on the platform where the players of the period strutted their brief space, bearing a curt legend to the effect that the scene for the moment was a cantle, or a forest, or whatever the text might happen to require, was about as far as stage appoint- ments went in that day. Theatrical ' furniture of the period was not much in advance of that of THESPIS or SUSAIUON, and an historical play like "Henry V." or "Julius Conar" owed as little to accessories as the history of HERODOTUS, which that old writer de- claimed in sonorous periods for the old Greeks from a hurdle at the Olympic games. But the lavish expenditure on appoint- ments and effects fifty yours ago at Drury Lane produced results that artistically were as far behind a stage-picture by IBVING as they were ahead of the placarde and stage finger-postB of the old Globe Theatre. The study of archoaologicul detail, the knowledge of historical periods, accurate minutitB of costume, of architecture, of accessories of every kind-all these enter so much into the best stage work of to-day that a really accomplished stage manager must either be a person of encyclopodic information himself, or he must have that next best thing, the truly managerial in- stinct to put his hand on the right person at the right time. A well-appointed statre is the result of the joint lubours of perhaps half-a-dozen different specialists, each in his individual line. In Sydney we have seen examples of something of the kind in " Pepita," lately played at the Theatre Royal, and in " Julius Caasar," as presented by Mr. RIGNOLD at Her Majesty's Theatre. The slight plot of the former had to do with a picturesque country and period. Those who saw the performance on the stage of the Theatre Koyal must hare been struck b_n its fidelity to detail, its glow of local colour, and the artistic completeness of the whole presentation. The play now run- ning at Mr. RIGNO-D'S theatre is, perhaps, aa magnificent an example of the same thing, in a different way, as we can expect to see in Australia. The remarkable fea- ture about this performance, apart from the fine " classic portrayal of Mare Antony that makes the dramatic success of this splendid revival, 'is the fidelity and realistic completeness of the stage-setting. To young students of Roman history the boards of this theatre while " Julius Coaar »' is in progress will present the best object lesson they can have. Older scholars, too, will see, in the careful attention to detail, the photographic accuracy of those small accessories which have it in their power to make or mar a presentation of this kind. To do this sort of thing well is a matter of much delicacy, and it is as easy by a slip or nn oversight, as well as by a downright blunder, to mako a revival of this kind ridiculous, as it would be to the perceptions of le«is fastidious critics to burlesque the ghost of Hutnlet's father by investing it with a top hat and utubrellu. Managers who go in for art on the stage in this way are deserving of special recognition of their effort from people of taste. Of course, the average audience vs >nld not now a days put up with a performance barren of scenic at- tractions; but then the average audience is j ust as likely to be satisfied with a very crude apology for the real thing, so long as it is presented with plenty of coloured limelight and a few rudimentarily sensational effects. The managers who go beyond this and aim at something better and higher are real educators of the public taste, and often at their own risk, for the popular appetite that is onoe gratified at grout expense will never content itself with anything cheaper or less elaborate. It has been said that the tendency to attract the patrons of the theatre by elaborate spectacles and ma.niQ cent stage pictures is prejudicial to the interests of dramatic art. The theory is that the attention of the theatre- goer is given not so much to the work of the dramatist as to that of the scene-painter and stage-carpenter. Persons who think in this way argue that plays like IUVING'S " Faust," . for instance, will draw in spite of the druma itself, and merely for the sake of its magnificent stage-setting. But this is an unreasonable criticism. The shortest reply to it is, that at least a play will not draw less well for good mounting, and if after that the players cannot secure the attention of the audience, it is either the fault of the drama or of the actors themselves. No one qualified to take a really artistic interest in a performance will have his pleasure in the slightest degree lessened by such a distracting influence as appropriate stage accessories. Indeed, the experience of every theatre-goer is against anything of the kind, for most people will admit that they have drawn more pleasure from a performance that has taken place in the midst of stage surroundings calculated to lend its dramatic passages due effect than in a mere bald recitation even by a good elocutionist, for instance, on a plat- form or in a private drawing-room. The tendency of the stage towards artistic development is undoubtedly a good one, howevor, if only because it replaces the questionable attractions of not so very long ago with something even more attractive, but less open either to censure or to contempt. A MEETING of the Cabinot was hold yestorday and some new "ii way proposals submitted by the MiniBter for Works were under consideration. The whole of the proposals were not, howevor, dis- posed of, and a further Oabin-t will be held next week to deal with the remainder, so that the entire hatch may bo brought before Parliament simul- taneously. THE Premier will leave Sydney i for Queanbeyan at half-past 9 this morning, and will be present at a banqvot to lu givon in his honour this evening. He will return to Sydney on Tuesday. TUB Postmaster-General rojoived a cablegram from the PoBt naator-Gonoral o£ New Zealand on the 7th instant, intimating that ho purposed asking the Parliament of that colony to authorise hi» Government joining New South Willes in the re- newal, for twolvo months, of the San Franqueo mail contract, his colony contributing £11,250 to tho subsidy, and New South Walei receiv- ing and retaining contributions, from the other colonies and the United States, patin? all demurrage, and receiving the penalties ; no bonuses to be paid or penalties enforced unless the late arrivals exceed 48 hour.. Yesterday Mr. O'Connor received a further teleirram from Sir Harry Atkinson, to the effect that the New Zea- land Parliament had agreed to the extension of the contract on the terms men ionod. This means that New Zealand will bear half the cost of the service. Tirs Mayor and councillors of Parramatta, acoorn paniod by Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.L.A., interviewed the Und^r Secretary for Lands yesterday, and re- queued that a piece of land at Harris Park should be resumed for recreation purposes. A petition bearing the siitnaturos of 100 of the re«' dents of the local it v, was presonted in favour of tue request Mr. Freeman, in the ab-enco of the Minuter for Lands, said that Harria Park nas only about 700 yards distant from Parramatta Park, and was not very far from a reserve at Granville. In view of these fact» he muet say that he saw no nocessity for the additional reserve. He would, however, obtain a report from a competent officer and lav it before the Minister, who would dcoide .whether it was advisable to recommend the Govern- ment to grant the request MESSRS, RiTCHtE, M.L.A, Adams (late Surveyor- I General), and Tailor (Mavor of Liverpool), con- ferred with the Minister for Works yesterday ^ on the su^'eot of the St. Peters to Liverpool Wpline, The Minister some time ago promised a deputation that if facts were brought before him to justify the oonstruct on of this line he would give the matter consideration, and yestordiy the gontlemen named interviewed him with regard to the aopoint ment of an engineer to collect the nee'sssry data. AT the invitation of the Hon. B. H. D. White the Mayor of Sydney (Alderman J. Harris) and a num- ber of aldermen paid an official visit yesterday to the now steam yacht White Star. The guests assombled at the Mnn-of-War Steps, Circular Quay, in the afternoon. They were taken on board, and after vards round the harbour. Mr. White's yacht, with the exception of the engines, has been built in the colony. It is a handsomely-appointed vessel, fitted with every convenience, and luxuriantly furnished. The designs were prepared by Mr, E. W. Cracknell, and the yacht , was built by Mr. William Dunn, of North Shore. It is a sfram composite sea-gomg yacht of 125 tons, and is rigged as a fore-and- att schooner, and attains a speed of 12 knots an hour. WHEN it became known in Sydney that it was proposed to erect a mural tablet in St. Paul's Cathedral to the memory of the late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, Messrs. Patten Bros., monumental masons of this city, wrote to the Agent- General, pointing out the propriety of having the work executed in Sydney, and offering to carry it out. Sir Saul Samuel, who had nothing to do with the arrangements himself, referred the offer to Lord Rosebery, who, on August 3, replied as follows :-" I am sure the committee would have been very glad to have con- sidered the proposal of Messrs. Patten Brothers, of Sydney, but they have already entrusted the work to Sir J. E. Boehm.-(Signed) ROSEBERY." Mr. W. T. CORLETTE, who, for tba past three years, has been a member of tbe Parliamentary reporting staff of the Sydney Morning Herald, severs his connection with thisr journal to-day for the purpose of taking up his resi lenco in Mel- bourne. In consequence of his departure numerous members of the staff met at the Exchange nolol yesterday afternoon to formerly bid him adieu. Mr. W. J. Tarplee proposed Mr. Cor'ette's health, at the same time expresaiug the hope that m his new sphere of life he would be -uccessiul to the sat sfaction of his own desire, The toast was heartily honoured and appropriately acknowledged. THE Senior a"d Junior Public Examinations and Civil Service Examinations in country districts commence on Monday next. The total number of junior candidatos for this year is 1058, as against 834 in 1888; the numoer of seniora is 116, as azainst 141 in 1888, making an increase on tho total number of 199. The number of local centres at which examinations will be held is 45, a* against 89 in 1888. The examination of candidates in Sydney will be held at the University, the girls b'ing in the Great Hall and the boys ia the Macleay Museum and certain of the leoture rooms at the southern end cf the building. Candidates should attend at the University not later than 9.30 a.ra. in order to have ample time to find their allotted seats. THE Hospital Bazaar and Village Fair wa« well attended yesterday afternoon and evening and the venture bi Is fair to bo thoroughly sucoe«sfuL An enjoyablo concert and an amateur dramatic perform- ance were given last n ght and those afforded con- siderable pleasure to a large numoer of people. A LAEOB number of persons visited the Manly Wild Flower Show yesterday. The weather being fine, the trip down the harbour, and the subsequent inspection of the magnificent collection of nativo flora contain«! in the pavilion in Ivanhoe Park, proved thoroughly enjoyable. The floral fête closes this evening. Mr. R. W. JUDD, of St Peters, has received ptr the steamer Australasian, now in port, 19 head oC poultry, selected from the boat yards in England. They iuclu le tho rlr Dairy Show duck wing game pullets, . trio of gime bantams black red, winners at several shows; Anda lusians and minorcas., from W. Leighton ; silver grey dorkings, and two trioB from Mr. Cranton. YKSTEUDAY afternoon the members of the Marine Coard conlinued and concluded the inquiry into the cause of the fouudering of the steam tusr Inflexible, Several witnesses were examined on behalf of ttie Insurance Company. After deliberation the board found that the tug boat sank through an un- accountable nnd heavy leak, and that there was no evidence to inculpate the m ister Charles Coard, aa in default ooncorning the misadventure. APTES a hearing extending over five days the libel action, M'Laughlin versus .Beening News, was brought to a conclusion as far a* the proceedings in court are concerned yesterday afternoon, shortly before 4 o'clock, when" the jury retired to con- sider their verdict. At half-past 7 o>clook the jury stated that they were prepared to return a verdiot by 8 to 4, but as this was not a three fourth, majority, they wore locked up until the time had elapsed when thoy would legally be at liberty to return a verdict by 9 to 8- His Honor carno into court at 11 o'olook, and the jury, being oalled in, stated that they wer« no further advanced than at tea time. As the parties concerned would not agree to their discha'go, the jury were locked up for the night, and accommodation found for 'them in the Darlinghurst Courthouse, to which place the Court ywaj then adjourned until 10 o'clook this morning. The progress of tho cass has been watched with a considoiablo amonnt of interest, and w on the jury finally came into court la number of persons prosent to ascortain the result WITH reference ti a paragraph whioh appeared in our issue of Thursday, containing an abstract of Mr. P. J. Healy's opinion on the ca«o of Mr. John Garsod, we have received a loug letter from Mr. Gar-ed, in which ha says he has offered in writing to nay Mr. Healy £100 provided he can prove his (Mr. Garsod's) plea false. Mr. Gareed points out that Mr, Heily says that his statoment is the most accurate he could arrive at .' upon thn matoriuls before him," and furthor rofera to a minute by Sir Alfred Stephen, and to the fact that two juries, one civil and one oriminal, must have found that Garsed's ploa was not made out, and that the rod-ink account, whioh he con- tends was iiotitinus, was really a genuine ona In reply to this Mr. Gar-ied eiys Sir Alfred Stephen never had any jurisdiction in the case, and it would " not take one hour to end this action, which com- menced Fob 9,1858, provide 1 the Minister of Justio removes from the procsedings filed ia tho Supremo Court an information for perjury, filed 1st August, 1859. be Mr. Lvttolton Holyoake Bayley, her Majesty's Attorney-Generil, who proseouted for her Majesty in this behalf, and burn tho informa- tion, which is filed on the wrong affidavit" Mr. GaTsed says that A. Ashdown and 0. P. Pritchard's joint affidavit, filed 2nd Maroo, 1858, was not in the Supreme Court, and ho refers to a numlier of other docu neals printed in the " Vo'es and Proceedings," including copies of what he calls Pritchard's lloútious rdd-ink account, and of the genuino agreement, sign d by A. Ash- down. Ho goes on to.state, in a postscript, that he was tried before Judge Dickenson on a charge ol mutilation of a deed, and was acquitted by the jury in half a minute. Ho says hi WBB prosecuted for Ashdown's porjury, and oonvioted on the evidence of a flotitioug account known aa Pritchard'» red-ink account. He afar» makes reference to the civil aotion and the policc-oaurt oase connected with the affair. TnE interest which has been aroused in the development of the Viotorian coal fields will (says the Age) be further excited by the discovery of the immense seam of coal 179ft. thick in the Morwell dixtriot. This soam is on tho property of the Gippsland Railway Coal-mining Company, whioh hold» two square miles of country with two mila. frontage to the railway. Tho bore is opposite the 85-mile post and only a few yards from the lino. It was commenced some few weeks ago by Mr. 'John Rollo, a boring co itractor, who has devised some admirable baring appliances, and coal was struck at 55ft. from the surface, . after passing through various earthy layéis. The coal at firat presented the usual features of surface brown coal, but on reaching 108it. a m«ked improvement was noticed, and from that point the coal was all of flnequalily. The bore was pushed to 234ft., ending in a bed of fire clay, and proving the remarkable thickness of 179tt of coal. This is the thickest seam yet found in the colony. A seam of this thickness extending ovor one square mile would contain 207,020,000 tons of coal, so that if the thickness ÍB uniform, the Gippsland Bailway Company's svill contain tho enormous quantity of 414.020.U00 tons. At tho present rate of consumption it is calculated that a Bquaro milo of such a Boam would hold enough coal to supply Victoria for about 400 years. The discovery of tais coal has a valuo in other respects than that ot fuel, as it contains various pro- ducts, such as kerosene, naphtha, benzine, paraffine, and other OÜB. whion may bo obtained from it by distillation; and the coal country ptomises to ba como the seat of great industries. INFOBMATIOK on tho subject oil the special reli- gious instruction in S.ato schools in Nosv South Wales has beon solicited by Dr. Pearson, Mini»t«r for Education in Victoria, upon tho following points, viz. :-?'' (a) Is it tho foot that a religious instruotor can visit a Pub'io Behool at any time dur- ing Bohool hours and require the attendance ot all the children of his denomination ? (b) Is the s hool teacher bound to remain during the hour of special religious instruction ? (o) Are the scholars bound to attend the special religious lesson ?" Tho reply forwardod by the New South Wales Depart- ment of Public Instruction to these throo questions is as follows:-"(a) The hour duiing svhich a religious teacher visits a Public Behool must bo fixed by mutual agreement between himsolf and tho Pub ic school board in consu tatinn with tho teacher, and he may require the attendance of nil the children of his denomination, vtith tho exception ot those whose parents ha\\*e expressed a wish that thoir children should not attend, (b) The Behool lencher is required to devote his time to the socolar instruction of those childron svho do not attend the class for spocial raligieus instruc- tion. In Behool* where the cla rolijiious instruction are large, and the religious teacher is not able to preserve ordor, tho teacher or his assistant usually remains to assist him in keep- ing order, (o) The scholars aro not bound to attend tho spocial religious instruction in cases where the parents object to their so doing." A RETUKX was recently laid bofore the Legisla- tive Assembly of Victoria, showing the tot ii num- ber of per-ons employed in the Government ser- vice of that oolony, together with the total amount of sa'aries and wajtes paid. In the goncral public service thoro were 13,815 persons employed, 11,675 permanently, and 1,640 casually; the total amount of salary paid was £1,802,043, of which Umso permanently employed took £1,685,850, svhtlo tho casual hand») took £117,287. On tho Viclonan railwavs the total number of nvn employed was 14,203, of whom 11,238 svero permanent, and 3025 casual. Their total rémunération carno to £1,719,960, of which £1,390,505 was taken hy thn permanent men, and £329,395 by tho casual stuff. The water supply works employed 574 men, of svliom 140 only were permanent, and 434 wete casual. Their salaries carno to £81,099, of which the per- manent staff took £20,949, and £54,750 went to those casually employed. The total number of per-ons employed in the Victorian publio eorvico is therefore 28.150, of whom 23,053 ara permanont, and 5099 are casual. The total amount of sal.irics paid to the Civil servants of Victoria is £3,604,302, of which sum £3,102,870 goes to tho permanent Bl alf, while £501,432 is paid to those casually emplosed. IN the Herald rooontly thore appoirod sovoral letters from anglers svho claimed consideration for the votaries to tho "sport" To thoso svho par- ticipate in this particular ploasuro it may bo of intere»t to know that in Nosv Zealand a now idea in fishing bas been tried. At New Brighton in that colony an enthusiast in fulling has invented a novel method of capturing fish. This gon loman took a trip to try flatting bayoud tho breakers, and succeeded in landing two fine fish. The wot king of the affair is as follows:-A kite was uaod made of two pieces of wire crossed in the usuul svay, tied at each corner. The frame, covered with calico, waa 5ft. long nnd 3ft. broad, with a long tail attached loaded with lead. Hooks were fixed along the tail. The kite was sent up, and svhen the svind had carried it outside the breakers, it was jerked down on to the surface of the water. Tho tail theroupon sank, and the mechanical process of fishing svas in operation. By this means tho fisherman oMa ned a large skate and an elephant fish at ono haul, weighing nearly 301b., and expresaod himsolf weil satisfied with his afternoon's work. Of course this style of fishing can only be carried on when the wind is blowing off the land. SOME interesting particulars are to hand which show how the natives of some localities in the South Pacific Islands manage to retain thoir strength and number of population, whilo in- habitants of other islands are fast dyinit out Statistics compiled by the French Colonial Govern- ment, and published latoly io the Tahiti Journal Oficicl, show that during the yoar 1868 tho numoera of the Society Islands natives, at least tho-e of which a cousus could be takon, bad slightly increased in num- ber, the deaths numbering 393, while tho births wero 408. This inoroopo, bosvovor, among some thousands ot peoplo is very slight. In the Little Gambier or Mangaresva Group, aoulh of the Tuamotus, and under French rule, the nativos se m to be dying out ut an extremely rapid rate, for tho deaths last year wore twioe thoso of the births. In the Marquesas, too, the nativos aro fast disap- pearing from thoir beautiful islets, for 188 deaths last year wero recorded as against 87 births. In the Tuamotu or Low Arohipolaeo tho population scorns to just keep on an even balance, for tho births last year wore 59, whilo the deaths num- bered 55. IT is in contemplation by the students of the Otago University to ereot a brass tablet in a con apiououB place in the Univerjity building in memory of the late Professor Brown, who lost his li I o on tho 7th Dooember last, whilst exploring the divid- ing range to the west of Lake Manapouri, Tho committee of students, who wore appointed to tako the mattor in hand, found a ready response to their request for subscriptions, and a sufficient sum has now bean raised to erect a plain but substantial memorial of the late professor. The movomont has bean confined entirely to students and ox stuJoiits, subscriptions from outsiders biting do* clined. A Bmu"K-B-_ instance of the voracity of tho blaok shag was recently to bo aeon in a shop in Lytto'ton, Now Zealand, in the shape of two of tho oomraon ho ring, or mullet, taken from tho throat of a blaok shag which had beon shot Tho two fish were 11 .in. and Hin. in length, and in addition to these thero wero two othors about equal in size in the oreaturo's gullet The Acolimatit-ation Society and the Angling Sooiety are now offering a reward of Od. per head for blaok shags' hoads. _ A BBTUIW has boon kid before the South Austra- lian Parliament giving information concerning the Btrongth of the military foreen of that oolony during recent years. Premising that thore is no available record prior to 1877, the doouraont supplies the fol- lowing figures as to the enrolmontB and the strength of the reserves:-1877-Officors, 51; rank and file, 905 ; reserve, nil ; 1878-oMoots, 7 ; rank and file, 411 ; reserve, nil; 1879-officers, 2 ; rank and file, 182; reserve, nil; 1880-officers, 4; rank and «16,368; reserve, 62; 1881-officers, 6 ; rank and Hie, 864; reserve, 81; 1882-offioors, 10- rank and file, 321; reserve, 107; 1883-officers 7 rank and file, 487 ; ro»erve, 95 ; 1884-officers', 10; rank and file, 403; reserve 74; 1885 officers, 12; rank and Ble, 65¡3; reservo, 80 . 1889 | - officer*, 6 ; rank and file, 12 (recruiting stopped); »wve, 99; 18B7-Offlcers, 6 ; rank and file 607; reserve, 118; 1888-officers, 12; rank and file, 256 ; reserve, 140 ; 1889-officers, 21; rank and file, 692 -, reservo, 126. The arengo length of srvice of each man was three years, and " the strength on first receiving payment in 1877 waa 61 officers and 905 men." i AnitANOEStENTS huve been made by the Railway ' i Department for an additional train to leave Hurstville ' at 5.25 a.m., arriving at Sydney at 6.57 a.m., and also for a train to loavo i'eteralmm at 5.11 a.m., arriving at i Sydney at 6.55 a.m. Those trains will commence to be run on and from the 16th September. I IN connection with the public holiday on Thunder,, . 19th September, the Railway Department have made arrangements to run a special cheap excursion train to tho Hawkesbury. As on other occasions, passengers will bo til ken for a trip on tho river in the Baloon steamer General Gordon. Arrangements have been made for thone wislunir to visit Como, National Park, Wollon- gong, or Kiama. On tho 17th September special cheap excursion trains will run to Armidale, Albury, and Dubbo. Full particulars are given in our advertising columns. THE Sydnoy Soottish Rifles will parade to-morrow, Sunday, at 10 a.m., at tho Museum, College-street, to proceed to Divino service at the Palmer-street Presbyterian Church. AT the annual examination of students of the Royal Academy of Mu-n'c, London, in July last, MÍSB Ida Thompson, of this city, won a silver medal for pianoforte playing. Tiru hospital flower basket will be placed at the door of tho children's lecture at the School of Arts this afternoon. THE following is the order of musical servio« at St. Andrew's Cathedral to- moirow:-Morning: TeDeum, Thorne in C; anthem, "Turn Tby faco from my sins" (Attwood). Afternoon: Magnificat, Gadsby in C ; anthem, " Stand up and bless the Lord your God" (Sir John GOBS) : Lituny (Tallis). A CONCERT will be Riven at All Saints' Schoolroom. Woollahra, in connection with the winter entertain- ment«, on Monday evening. A capital programme has been arranged. 