ICE JiOUNI). I BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of' The Wreck of the- Grotvcnor? i jack's Courtship,' u My Watch Pctoti),' *' The Lady Maud? Q-c. Maui while, 2 fas crazy to ascertain if the schooner was taking in water. If thor-e was a pppp^'ng rod in the ship I did not know where to lay my hands upon it But ho is a poor sailor who la clow at substitutes. There were several spears in the nrms room (pirati cal plundff, no doubt) 'with mere spikes for bends, like tho® weapons used by tho Coffers and other tribes in that country; they wero formed of ft hnrd heavy wood. I took a length of rotllno lino and secured it to one ot these spoors, and carried it on deck with the powder room boil's eye lamp; hitfc when I probed tho sounding pipe I found it full ot pumps I flung my ingenious sounding rod down in a passu.! of 'picf aud mortification. Yrt wns I not to bo beaten. Such wns my temper, had the dovil himself confronted too Z should Iwiro defied him to do bis worst, for 1 had made up ray mind to weather hint out. I enured tho forecastle,- lantern in hand, pried open the hatch, aud dropjied into tho bold. It needed an experienced ear to detect the sobbing of internal waters ami! tbe y coming gush-**, the long gurgling washings, the UmjirliTons blows, nnd shrewd rain like hissings of the poos outride. I listened with strained hiring for some minutes, but dis tinguished no sounds to alarm me with as (iuraiiw) of water iu the hold. I could not mistake. I hearkened witb all my might, but tho noise was outside. I thanked God very heartily, and got out of the bold and put the hatch on. There was no need to go aft and listen. The schooner was Igr the honct, nnd there could lie no water in the run tbat would not be forward too. Bring- reassured in rcqwt of thestancb Iipss of the hull, I returned to tho flro nnd proceeded to equip myself for a prolonged watch on deck. While I wns drawing on a great pair of boots I beard a knocking in tho after parte/ tho vessel. I supposed she had drifted into a little field of broken ice, and thnt slie would go clear presently, and I fin ished firming myself for the went her; but tho knocking continuing I went into tho cabin, where i beard it very plain, and walked as fnr ns the lazaretto hatch, where I stood lis tening. TJm noises were a kind of irregular thumping, accompanied by a peculiar grind ing pound. In a moment I guessed tlio truth, rushed on deck, aud by tbe dim light in tho air saw the long tiller moving to and froj The Iwit ot tbe beam sc as had unlocked the frozen bonds of the rudder, and thero swung the tiller, as though like a dog the 6bip was wngging her tail for joy! Tho vessel lay along, rolling so as to bring her starboard nut to alcvel with the sea; her main deck was full of water, and tho froth of it, combined with tho ice that glazod her, made ber look like a fabric of marble as sho swung on the black fold cro it broko into snow about ber. I seised the tiller and ran Hover hard a starboard, and I had not beld it in that posture half a minute when, to my inexpressible delight, I observed that sho was paying ore. tier toad fell slowly from tho sea; sho lurched drunkenly, and some tons of black water rolled over tho bulwarks; sho reeled consumed!;* to larboard, and rose squarely and ponderously to tho height of the surge that was now abaft tho beam. In a few momenta she was dead before it, tho helm amidships, the wind blowing sheer ovor the stern with half its weight seemingly gouo, | through tho vessel running, tho tall seas . chafing her high stern and floating it up- ] ward, till looking forward was like gazing down the slope of a hill. My heart was never fuller than then. I was hall crazy witb tbe pasion of joy that posscsedma. However, I was still In a situation tbat made prodigious demands upon my coolness and wits. The wind blew southwest, the Schooner was running northeast: the bulk of tbe icebergs lay on the larboard bow, but there were others right ahead, and to star board, where also lay tbe extremity of the island, though I did not fear that if I could cscape the rest, It was a dark night; me thinks there should have been a young moon curled somewhere among the stars, but sho was not to be seen. I couldjjust make out the dim, pallid loom ol tbe coast of ice upon tbo starboard beam, and a blob or two of faintness — most elusive and not to bo fixed by tbe eyo storing straight at them— ou the larboard bow. Dut it was not long before those blobs, as I term them, crow nlainer. and half a score swam Into thn dude over tbe bowsprit end, and resembled dull small visionary openingB in the dark sky there, or like stars magnified and dimmed into tbo merest spectral light by mist. I passed tho first at a distance of a quarter of a mile; it 6lid by phantastnally, and another stole out right ahead. This I could have gono widely dear of by a little shift of the helm ; but whilo 1 was in the act of starboarding three or four bergs suddenly showed on tbo larboard bow, and 1 saw that unless I had a mind to bring tho ship into tho trough again 1 must keep straight on. So J steered to bring the berg that was right ahead a little on tho bow, witb a prayer in my soul tbat tbcro might be no low lyingblock in the road for the schooner to split upon. It went by within a pistol shot. 2 was very much accustomed to the sight of ice by this time, yet I found myself glancing at this mass with pretty near as much won der and awe as if 1 had never seen such a thing before. It was nob above thirty feet high, but its sliapo was exactly that of a horse's head— tha lips sipping the 6ea, tho cars cocked, tbe neck arching to tbe water. You would have said it was some vast courser rising out of the deep. The peculiar radiance of ice trembled off it like a luminous mist into the dusk. Tbe water boiled about its nose, and suggested a frothing caused by the monster steed's expelled breath. Let a lire have been kindled to glow red where you looked for tbe eye, and tbe illusion would have been frightfully grand. Half this ice camo from tho island; the rest of it was formed of bergs too tall to have over be longed to tbe nortb end of tbat great stretch. It took three hours to pass clear of them, and then 1 bad to go on clinging to the tiller and steering in a most melancholy, famished con dition lor another Jong half hour before I could satisfy myself that the s» was free. But now I was nearly dead with the cold. I had stood for five hours at tho helm, during all wiiich time my mind had been wound up to tho fiercest tension of anxiety, and my eyes fell as if they were strained out of their sockets by their searching of the gloom ahead; and nature, having dono her best., gave out suddculy, and not to have saved my life could I have stood at tho tiller for another ton minutes. The gear along the nil was so iron hard that I could not scctire the helm with it, so I softened some lashings by holding them be fore the fire; and finding the schooner on my return to be coming round to starboard, I helped her by putting the tiller hard a-i»rt aad securing it. I then went below, built up the fire, lighted my pipo and sat down fc« ' warmth and rest. r j CHAPTER XXVI. | I Alt TBOCBLED BY THOUGHTS OK TSX , TREASURE. j Tbo freight of the wind in the rigging steadied the schooner somewhat, and pre vented l-or from rolling too heavily to star- i board, while 'her list corrected ber larboard j rolls. Bo ha 1 sat below sbu scorned to me to bo making tolerably good weather of it Not much «Vbcr came aboard; now and again I would bear the clatter of a fall forward, but at comfortably long Intervals. I sat against tbo dresser with my back upon it, and being- dead tired must bare dropped asleep on a sudden— indeed, Iwforo I had half smoked my pipo out— aud J do not believe I gave a thought to my situation before I slum bered, so wearied was I. Tbo cold awoke mc. Tho flro was out, and so was the candle in tlie lantern, and I was in cofiln darkness. This tho tinder box speedily remedied, i looked ot my watch— 7 o'clock, as 1 was a sinner! so that my sleep 1ind lasted Iwtwocn three and four hours. I went on neck nnd found tho night still black upon tho sen, the wind thosnmo brisk gale that was blowing when I quit the helm, the sea no hoarier, nnd thoschooncrtumblfng in true Dutch fashion upon it. I looked very earnestly nronnd, but could see no signs of ice. There would l« daylight presently; so I wont lielow, lit the lire, and got my break fast, and when I returned the snn was up, and the sea visible to iti farthest reaches. Jt was a finn wintry piece; the sea green nnd running In ridges with frothing heads, the sky very jmlo nmong the dark snow laden clouds, the sun «lnrting a ray now and again, which was swung Into the north by tbe shad ows of the clouds until tbey extinguished It Remote in the northwest bung the gleam ot an icclwrg— there was nothing elsoin sight. Yes— something that comforted me exceed ingly, though it wns not very mony days ago tbnft n like -ibj«*t had heavily scared nie — an albatross, n noblo bird, sailing on the wlnd wnrrt rinse enough to 1* shot. Tho sight of this living tiling was inexpressibly cheering; it put into my bead a fancy of ships Iwing at hand, thoughts of helpnndof human compan ion*. In truth, my imagination wns willing to accept it as t he rriuc bird that I had frighr eucd away when In the boat, now returned to silently reproach mo for my treatment of it Nay, my lonely eye, my subdued and suf fering heart, might even have witnessed the good nngel of my life in that solitary shajx? of ocean beauty, and have deemed that., though unseen, it bar] Itecn with mo through out, nn-l wns now made visible to my gnze by the light of hope that hnd broken into the darkness of my ndrenture. Well, BUpjYosing It so, I should not. have lx?eri the only man who ever scared his good angel away and fouml itfnitbful afterward. 1 unlasbcd the tiller nnd got tho schooner before tho wind, nnd steered until n little be fore noon, letting her drive dead before the sen, which earned her northeast- Then, se curing the helm amidships, I ran for tlie quadrant, nnd while waiting for tho sun to show himself I observed that tlio vessel held herself very steadily Iwfore the wind, which might have l»een owing to her high stem and the great swell of her sides and her round bottom; but the cause what it might, sho rnn as fairly witb her helm amidships as if I hndlweunt. the tiller to chock her — a most fortunate condition of my nnvigation, for it privileged me to get about other work, M-bile atthcKnmo time every hour wns conveying me neurer to the tracks of ships nnd farther from the bitter regions of the south. 1 got nn observation, nnd i undo nut that tho vessel hnd driven nliout fifteen leagues dur ing tlio night. She must do l-cttc»-thantbnt, thought I; and when I hnd calcn sonic din 1 nor I took « chnpjxT, mid going on to the forecast Io lav out upon the bowsprit, and after boat ing the xpritsail yard block elcnr of the ice, cut nwnv the gasliM* thnt confined the sail to tbe yawl, heartily beating the can vas, that was like iron, fill n clew of it folL I then came in nnd braced the yard square, and the wind, presently catching the cxj-oscd jwirt of tlio hail, blow moro of it out, and yet more, until there was a good surface show ing; then to a sudden hard blast of wind tho wiiolo sail ilew open with a mighty crock ing, as though indeed jt wns formed of iec; but to render it useful I had to haul tho shoots nf t, which 1 could not nianngo without tho help of the tackles wc bad used in sling* inp tho powder over the side: so that, what with one hindrance nod another, tho setting of thut sail took me nn hour nnd a Imlf. Finding thnt the ship continued to steer liei-aelf verv well, and the 1 letter for the mrit- I sail, 1 thought I would get the body of tbo old Frenchman overboard, anil so obtain a clear hold for myself, so far as corpses went. I carried the Inulera info the fonwistle, but when 1 pulled the hammock off him I confess it wns not- without n stupid fear that 1 6hould find him alive. Ilecollection of his astound* ing vitality found something iui]-erisliahlcJn that ugly anatomy, and though lie lay before Hie as fiend and cold ns stone, 1 yet had fancy that the seeds «-f life were k| ill in him, that 'twns only the current of his being that bad froze, thnt if I were to tlinw hint nfresli be might recovcr, nnd that if I buried blm I should uotunlly lie dispatching hint. Uiit though thw Taut-it# tbeydid not control inc. 1 took hit watch and what ever else he had in thnt wny, cniTied him ot» dcck.iind droppM hnn owr the side, using as ? ? ? ns lie had employed ill the disposal of his ^iiipinntcs, but nflVcted by only the idea thnt tbu vital spark was Mill il) him: 1 could net but hnndlc with awe tho most mysterious eorjwe the eye hud ever viewed — mil.' who hnd lived through a stupor ordenib sleep for eight-nnd-forty years, in whom in a few hours Time h.vl compressor the wizardry be kuvU-Ikw iu others over hulf a century; who in a night hnd shrunk from tbe aspect of hi* prime into the Icuii, puck ered. hlenml eyod, deaf and tottering ex pivssi'Mi of I'W years. All that day mid through the night that followed the schooner drove, rolling and phmging ltcfore the sens, into the northeast, to the pulling of the wprilwiil. I ninde sev eral oxcuitioiik into the l'oruhold, but never could henr the sound of water iu the vessel. Her sid*-* in plncrw wore sliJJ sheathed in ico; hut thin e-ryrtnl nrmor was gradually drop ping off ber to the working of her frame in the sens, bo thnt, since she wns proving her self tight, it wns certain her blanehness owed nothing to the glns»v pintiug. I 6bnuhl hut fatigue you to follow the sov cral little stories of ihe.-«- hours oue by one — how I gutiny food, snutelied at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea line, and tbo like. The bea worthiness of tho craft, coupled with the rea-*mulde /usiinweo ot pr«we/itJy falling in with n ship, rendered me so far easy iu my mind astocnnhle mc to think very frequently of the treasure, nod howl was to secure it- If I fell in with an enemy's cruiser or a privateer I must exj»eet to bo stripjied. This would lie the fortune of war, aud 1 »iuj?t- tuke suy oIjiiht. My conecrn did not lie thnt way— how was I to protect this pro]K-rty, that was justly mine, against my own countrymen, suppose I hud tlie good fortune to curry the schooner safely into Eng lish waters? 1 had a li-uiher-in-lnw, Jere miah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mcrclinnt in a small way of busiuese, whose ofllco was in tho city of Loudon, and if i could.nianuge to »nvey tbo treasure secretly to him bo would, ! know, find me a handsomo account in bis ! ettlementof this affair. But Jtwasimpos | 'ible to strike out a plan. I must wait, and | Attend tho course of events. | I was resolved at all hoards to stick to tbe ' tcbooner; and, with a viow ot providing igajnst the curiosity of rummaging ot a ay persons who should come aboard, I fclj to tho I !ollowing work after getting my breakfast I I hung lanterns in the run and hatchways and cabin to enable me to pass easily to and fro; I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin, and carried it to where tbo treaimro was, Tbo chest I filled nearly three parts full with money, jewelry, etc., which sank the contents ot tho other chests to the depth I wantod. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such as pistols and hangers and cut lassos, and filled up the chests with them, first placing a thicknea of canvas over the mouey and jewelry, that no glitter might show through. To Improve tho deception I brought another chest to the run, and wholly filled it with cutlasses, powder horns, pistols and the like, aud so fixed it tbat it must be tho first to come to hand. My cunning amounted to this: thnt suppose the run to be rummaged, the contents of the first chest were sure to bo turned out, but, on tho othor chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it wns as likoly as not that the ruinmager8 would bo satisfied that they were arms chests, and quit meddling with thom. Tbo wind at dawn had weakened and come into the west. There was a strong swell — indeed there always is In this ocean— but tbo seas ran small. The sky looked liko marble, with it* broad 6preadings of high white clouds and the veins of blue sky between. I wished to make ati tho northing that was possible, but there wns nothing to bo done in that way wltbtbespritfial] alone. Jiadnottbo capstan been frozen I should have tried to get tho mainsail upon the ship, but without tbe aid of machinery I was helpless. Bo, with helm amidships, the schooner drove lan guidly along witb her head due east, lifting as ponderously as a line-of-battle ship to tho floating launches of tho high swell, and the albatross hung as steadfastly in tho wnko of my lonely ocoan path as though it bad been soino fnassanger sent by God to watch me into safety. ? CHAPTER XXVII. I ENCOUNTER A WHALER, I bad been six days end nights at sea, and xthe morning of the seventh day had come. ? With tho exception of one «iay of strong southwesterly winds, which ran me some thing Ui the northward, the weather had been ?line — bitterly cold, Indeed, but bright and .rlear. In this time I had run a distance ol -cloths upon tlio schooner but her spriUsail. On the nmrnfng of the seventh day I camc on deck, having slept since 4 o'clock. On Inolsitig over the larboard bulwark rail, tbo first thing I saw was n ship about twe miles off. She was ou tho larltoard tack under imiifvs, totalis and maintopgaliant ? sail, heading as If to cross my l-ows. The tsumhinc mnde her ranvas look ns whito af ?snow against the skirts of the lwdy of vapoi ; thnt hnd trailed a little to leeward of her, vand her black bull flashed oa though sho dis charged a broadside every time sho rosowot { to tbe aortiioni glory out nf the hollow of tbr j swell with a curl of silver at her cutwater. I My heart enme into my throat; I seemed . not to brouthe; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpected appari tion. 1 stared liko one in a dream, and in; head felt as if all the blood lu my body hac' ! surged into it. But. then, all on a sudden. I thero hapifMied a revulsion of feeling. Sup pose she should prove a privnteor— a Frenct wnr vewel — of o nation hostile to my own! | Thought so wrought in me that I trrmbleri ! like an idiot in n fright. Tbe tclcscope wiu I too weak t*- resolve her — I could do bettel j with my eyiN; nnd I stood at the bulwark. I gazing and gazing, as if she were tho spcctei .- ship of th' Scandinavian legend. There wen- Hags lielow, and I could have 1 boisU.il a sigunl of distress; but to what pur ' pose! If the appearance of the schooner did not sufHHcnUy illustrate her condition, then vas certainly no virtue in the language and 'eclarations of bunting to exceed her out ?ito assurance. I watched ber with a jkls 'f nnxiety, neverdoubting her intcntioc .?;-.\ik to me— nt nil events to draw clos- and look nt me — wholly concerning myself with hiT character. Tbe swell made ils both dance, and tbo blue brows of the rolJen would often hide her to the height of bei rails; but wc were closing each other mid dling fast — she traveling at seven and I at four miles in the hour— and presently I could eoo thar sbe carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little 1 ! was sure of it by jtcrcciving the rings over , her topgallant rigging for the lookout to I stand in. On being convinced of this I rnn below for ! a shawl tbat was in my cabin, and, jumping on to tbe bulwarks, stood Nourishing it for soma minutes to let l. *m know thnt tberr was a man aboard. Sbe luffed todenden her ' way that Z might swim close, and as we ap proached cach other I observed a crowd of heads forward looking nt me, and several men aft all staring intently. A man scrambled on to the rail, nnd witb an arm clasping a backstay liniled me: 'Scliooncr ahoy!' he ImiwIM, with n strong nasal twang in his cry. 'What ship's that?'' 'The Bock del Dragon,' I shouted lmek. ?'Where are you from, and where are you bound to!' 'I havo been locked up in the ice,' I cried, 'and am in want of help. What ship are your 'The Susa.i Tucker, whaler, of New Bed ford, twenty-seven months out,1' be returned. 'Where in creation got you that hooker r 'I'm tbe only man aboard,' I cried, 'and 1 havo no lioat. Scud to me, in tbo narao of | God, and let tho master comoj' | \ - » » in »' | '.Tm the onlv man aboard.' He waved his hand, bawling: 'Put your beba dowu— you'ro forging ahead!' and bo toying dismounted. 1 immediately cast tho tiller adrift, put it kard over, and secured it, theu jumpod 041 ta tbo bulwarks again to watch them. Sbe was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather met ray own countryman; but, next tea British, I would havechoscn nn American ship to meet Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt my self to havo been alone throughout my ad venture, and so soro was the effect of that solitudo upon niyspiritsthat it seemed twenty years sineo I hnd seen a ship, and since I hod hold communion with my own sjKicies. 1 wns terribly agitated, and sh-K-k in every limb. Life must liavo been precious always, but never before had ft apjwnrcd so precious as now, whilo I gored at that homely ship, with her maintopsnil to the mast, swinging stately upon tho swell, the faces of the sea men plain, the smoke of her galley flro breakiug from the chimney, tho sounds of groaning blocks and creaking ]iarrnls steal ing from her. Such a fountain ot Joy broko out of my heart that my wholo being wns flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should havo exposed the treasure in tho run, and invited nllthcmon of the whaler to share in it with me. They staro fixedly— little wilder that they should bo astounded by such an appcarnncc ob my ship exhibited! One of the trvcrnl boats which hung at her davits wns lowered, the oars flashed, and presently sho was near enough to be hit with a biscuit; but when thero tbo master, as I supposed him to lx\ who was steering, sang out, ''Vast row ing!*1 tbe boat came to a stand, and licr peo ple to a man stared at mo with their chins upon their shouldera as If I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that tbe superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them while tbey viowod mc. Thoy looked a queer com- ? pany; two wero negroes, tbo others palo faccd, bearded man, wrapped up in clothes to tbo aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered bad a lacs as long as a wet hammock, and it was lengthened yet to the eye by a 1 beard liko a goat's hanging at tho extremity of bis chin. I Ho stood up — a tall, lank figure, with legs * ' like a pair of compasses— aad haded mo I afresh; but the high swell, regular as the 1 swing of a pondulum, interposed its brow I between him and me, so that at one moment I he was a sharply lined figure against the sky . of tbo horizon, and tbo Crext bo and his bont I and crew wero sheer gone out of sight, nnd I thin mode an exchnngo of sentences slow and I troublesome. | 'Soy, master,' he sung out, 'what d'ye say the schooner's name isf I 'The Iloca del Dragon,' I replied. ' 'Ajjd who are 3*ou, matei'r1 'Au English sailor, who has been cast I away on an island of Ice,' I answered, talk ing very shortly, that the replies might fol low the questions before tbo swell sank him. 1 'Ay, ay,' says ho, 'that's very well, but 1 when was yon cost away, bully P I 1 gave him the date. 'That's not a month ago,' cried ha 'It's long enough, whatever tho time,' said L Here tho crow foil a-talking, turning from onp another to staro at me, and tho wgroes' eyes showed as big as saucers in the dismay of tbeir regard. 'Sec here, master,' sung out tbe long man, 'if you ha'n't been cast away more'n a month, bowcomcyou clothed as men went drossod a century sin1, heyr1 Tbe reason of their misgivingB flashed upon mc. It was not so much tbe schoonei as my appoaranca. Tho truth was, clotlies having been wetted, I had ever *i|nc- boon wearing such thick garments as I met witb in tbe cabin, keeping my legs wnrra with jack boots, and I had become so used t- the garb that I forgot I had it on. You wil. judge, then, that I must havo presented c figure very nicely calculated to excite tin wonder ood apprehension of a body of fttcr whose suporsUtious iustincte were already sufficiently fluttered by the appearance ol tbo schooner, when I tell you that, in addi , tion to tho jack boots and a great fur cap 1 my costume was formed ot a red plush j waistcoat laeod with silver, purple breeches. I a coat of frieze with yellow braiding 011c huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taker from tho body ot Mendozo. 'Captain,' cried I, 'if so bo you ore t h- captain, In the name ot God and humanity comoalward, sir!' Here I hod to wait til) be reappeared. 'My story Isan extraordi nary one. You have nothing to fear. Inn: a plain English sailor; my ship was tin ijauguing aiary, oouna in DOJlast from Cal koto tbo cape.' Hero I had to wait again. 'Pray, sir, come aboard; tbcro is nothing u to foor. I am alono, in grievous distress And in want of holp. Pray come, sir!' There was so little of tho gnblin in this ap peal that it resolved him. Tbo crew hung in the wind, but he addressed them perempto rily. I heard him damn them for a set ol curs, nnd tell them tbat if tbey put him aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim; and presently tbey buckled to their oars again, aud tho boat camo alongside. Tbo long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains and stepped on deck. I ran up tc him and seized his band witb both miuc. 'Sir,' cried I, speaking with difficulty, sc great was tbe tumult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, 'I thank you a thousand timos over for tbis viBit. 1 am in tbo most helpless conditiou that can iw imagined. I am not astonished that you should havo boon startled by the appoaranco of this vessel and by the figure I make in theso clothes; but, sir, you will be much moro amaxed when you have heard my story,' He eyed me steadfastly, examining me very earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glance around htm before be made any reply to my address. He had tho gauntness, sallownessof complexion, aud delibcrateness of manner peculiar to tho people of Now Eng land; and though he was a very ugly, lank, uncouth man, I protest ho was as fair in my sight as if he had boon tho ambrosial augd described by Milton. MWell, cook my gizzard,' he exclaimed, presently, through his noso, and after another good look at me and along the decks and up aloft, 'if this ain't mi-raculous tew! Durced if wo didn't take this booker for some ghost ship riz from the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to fit lur ago. Y' aro all alone, air youf1 'All alone,' said L 'Brooch mc every barrel aboard if ever I see Edch a vessel,' ho cried, his astonishment risinir with tho seareliincr rrlnnens Vir. riinv-tiw1 alott and alow. 'How old bo she?' 'She was cast away iu 1753,' Baid r. 'Well, Fm durnedl She's froze hard, sir reel I reckon sbo'JI want a hot sun to thaw her. Split mo, mister, if sho ain't worth sailing homo as a show box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to stop below, whore wo could sit worm while I related my story; and I asked him to invite his boat's crow into tbo cabin that I might regale them witb a bowl of such liquor as, I ventured to say, had nover pa-ssed tbeir lips In this lifo. On this ho wont to tho bide, and, hailing the men, ordered ail but one to come aboard and drink to tho health of tbo lonosomo sailor they bad como aenjes. Tho word 'drink' acted liko a charm; tbey in stantly hauled upon tho painter and brought tbe boat to tho chains and tumbled over tho side, ono of tho negroes remaining in her. Thoy foil together in a body, and surveyed me and tho ship with a hundred rnnrt-g of ^onifihipeoU 'My lads,' said 1, 'my rig Is a 6trange one, but fll explain all shortly. Tbe clothos I was cast away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm do spccter, but as real as you; though I have gone through sa much that, if I am not a ghest, it is no fault ot old Ocean, but owing to the mercy of God- My name is Paul Rodney, and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man, 'err, I prpsume, tbo master of tbe Busan Tucker!-' 'At your sanicc — Josioh Tuckcr Is my nnmo, and tbat ship is my wife, Susan.*' 'Copt Tucker, and yon, men, will you plcaso step bclowr' says L 'Tho weather promises fair; I have much to toll, and there ts that in tbo cabin which will givo you pa tienco to hear ma' I descended the companion stairs, and tbey all followed, making tbo interior that had been so long silent ring with their heavy tread, while from time to timengruff, hoarse Whisper broko from ono ot them. But su perstition lay strong upon their imagination, and they were awed nnd quiet Tho day light camo down the liatch, but for all tbat tbo cabin few darksomc. I waited till tho last mnn hnd entered, nnd then said: 'Before wc settle down to a bowl and ft yarn, captain, I Fhould like to show you this ship. It'll savo mo a doal of de scription and explanation if you will tx- pleased to take a view.' 'Load on. mister,' mid he; 'but we sbnlJ have to snnp our eyrlitla and raise flro in thnt wny— for durned If I, for one, can see in tbo dark.' I fetched three or four lanterns, and light fog the omi'lles dffitrlbtif/vl thom among tho men, and then in a procession, hooded by tho captain nnd me, we mnde the rounds. I hnd half cleared tlie nnns room, but there wero weapons enough left, and they stared at them like yokels iu a booth. I 6bowcd them the cook house end the forecastle, whore tho deck was still littered with clothes and chests and hammocks, and nfter carrying them aft to tbe cabins gave them a sight ot tbe hold. I never saw men moro omnzod. They filled the vessel with their exclamations. They never offered to touch anything, being too much awed, but stopped about with their bends un covered, as quietly as they could, oh though tbey had been in a vault, and the influence of strango nnd terrifying memorials was upon them. I also showed them the clothes I had come nway from the Laughing Mary In; nnd that I might submit such an aspect to them as should touch their sympathies, I whipped off tbo cloak and put on my own pilot cloth There being nothing moro to soe I led tbcm to tbo cook room, and tbers brewed a great hearty bowl ot brandy punch, which I sea soned with lemon, sugar and spices into as relishablo a draught as my knowledge in that way could compass, and, giviug every man a pannikin, bade him dip and wclcomc. myself first drinking to tbcm with a brief speech. This ceremony ended, I began my story, lx-ginuing with tho loss of tbo Laughing Mary and proceeding step hy step. I told them of tbo dead body of Mondoza, but said nothing about tho Frenchman nnd the mate and tbe Portuguoso boatswain, lost I should make them afraid of tbo vessel, and so get no holp to work her. As to acquainting them with my recovery of Tassard, after hi* stupor of clght-fliid-fcrt3' years, I ehottM havo bean mute on tbat bead lu any case, for so extraordinary a relation could, from such people, have oarned me but one of two opin ions— cither that I was mad and believed in nn impossibility, or thnt I was a rogue nnd dealt in magic, nnd to be vehemently nhutini-d. Yet there wero wonders enough iu my story without this, aud 1 recited it to a run ning commentary of all sorts of queer Yan kee exclamation. Tbey were a good deal puzzled when I telil them of the mines I had made and sprung in the iee. They reckoned tbe notion fine, hut could not conceive how I had, single hnudi-d. broken out the jiowrtcr barrels, got them over the side, and fixed them. 'Why,' sirid I, ''twas slow, fieni-y work, of course; but. n mnn who labors for his lifr will do marvelous things. It is like the jmiij of a bunted stag.' 'True for you,' says the captain. 'A swim of two mile* sjiends me in pjeasurin'; but I've swum eight miles to save my life, and rtmiided fresh ns n new hooked cod. WhntV your intentions, sirf' 'To sail the schooner home, ' said I, 'if 1 can get help. She's too good to abandou. She'll fetch money in England.' 'Ay, as a show.' 'Yes, and ns a coalman. Rig her mod ernly, and carry your forecnatlc deck ititc the head, captain, and she's a brave ship, fit for a Baltimore eye.1' He stroked down the hair upon his chin. 'Dip, captain; dip, my lads, there's enough of this to drowii ye In the hold,' said I, '{minting to tbo Itowl. 'Come, tbis is n happy mi-eting for mc; let it l»e n merry one. Captain, I drink to tho Susan Tucker.' 'Sir, your sen-ant. Here's to your sweet heart, 1» sbe wi/o nr mnid. Bill, jump on deck nnd take a look nrouud. Sec to lb* boat.' Ono of tbo men went out. 'Captain,' said 1, 'you are a full ship.' 'That'ssn.' 'Bound 1iojuoP 'lligbt awny.' 'You have men enough and to spare. Lend mc three of your hands to help me to the Thames, nnd I'll rojwiy you thus: There should l-e near 100 tons of wine nnd brandy, of exquisite vintage nnd rhoice wil J- age !*?- yound language, in tbe hold. Take what you will of that freight: there'll l-e ten tiine- the value of your lay in j-our pickings, modest, ns you may prove. Help yourself to t be dothc* in tbe cabin and forecastle: the v will turn to account. For the men you will s|inre,nnd who will volunteer to help me. this will )h my undertaking: the ship nnd nil that is in I her to be sold on her nrrivnl, and the pro- ' ceedsequnily divided, filinlf wecnH it i'l/ioo | apiece! Cnptnin, she's well found— her in ventory would make a list ns long as you; , I'd name n bigger sum, but here she is— you shall ovorhnul her hold aud Judge for vour self. I watched him anxiously. No mnn spoke, but every eye was ui-on him. Jle sat pulling down the hair 011 his chin, then jumping up on a sudden and extending his band, he cried: 'Shake!— it's n bargain, if the ineu'll jino.' 'I'll jine!'1 exelaimod a man. There woa n [taitse. 'And mc,'' said the negro. I was glad of this, and looked earnestly at tbe others. 'Is she tight!' snid n mnn. 'As a bottle,' said I. They fell silent ngnin. \- 'Joe Wilkinson nnd Wnsbin^loji Crom well—them two jino,' said the captain. 'Bullies, be wants a third. Duu't sjienk all together.' Tho man named 'Bill' nt this moment re 1 turned to tbo --ook room aud it'imricd cli well above. My offer was repeated to bim, | but lie shook bis head. I 'This is tbo Horn, nuitos,' snid he. 'There's I a deal o' water 'tween tbis nnd the Thames. How do she sail? No mun knows.*' 'I want none but willing ir.cn,' said 1. 'Americans make as good valors us the English. What nn l£ngli-h seaman can fa«c any of you can. There is another negro in tbo boat. Will you let bim t-U'p uboiutl, captain? He may join.' A man was sent to toko bis plucc. Pres ently ho arrived, and T gave htm a cup ot punch. 11 'Bplain the business to him, sir,' said th* captam, filling his pannikin; 'his name's Billy Bltt.' I did so; and when I told him that Wash ington Cromwell had offered, he instantly Baid: 'All right, massa, Fll be oh yah.' IT This was exactly what I wanted, and had there been a third negro I'd havo preferred Mm to the white man. 'But how aro you going to navignto this craft home with throo men?' sold tbo man Bill to me. 'There'll bo four-we shall do. Tho fewer tbo more dollars, hey, Wilkinson!' He grinned, and Cromwell broko into a ventral laugh. Tbey scorned very well satisfiod, and so was L ? CHAPTER XX VTIII. I STRIKE A DAAOA1N WITn THE YAKKT.F.. Tho captain put his cup down; the IwtrJ was empty; I offered to brow another jorum, but be tluuiked me and snid no, adding sig nificantly that he would have no more here by which ho meant that ho would brew for himself in his own ship auou. Tbo drink had made him cheerful and good naturrd. He recommended tbat we should go on deck nnd 6et about trans- shipping while tho weather beld, for he was an old hand in theso wns, and never trusted tho 6kioe longer than a quarter of an hour. 'This hero list,* says ho, 'wants remedy ing, and that'll follow our eosln1 of tbe hold.'' 'Yes,' snfd I, 'and 2 shoald bo mighty I thankful if somo of your men would ire nil I clear aloft for me, that we might start with running rigging that'll travel, capstans that'll revolve, and wills that'll spread,' 'Oh, we'll manage thnt for you,' said ha 'Tru-ly she's been lmd froze—' very bad froze. Durned if ever I see a worse freeee.' So 6aylng, he called to Bill, who hoc mod the principal mnn of tho boat's crew, nnd gave him some directions, and immediately afterword all the men ontered tbo Imat and rowed away to the ship. While tbey were obsent I carried the cap tain into tho hold and left bim to ovorhnul It I told blm that all tbo spirit*, provisions and the like were in tbo hold nnd lazaretto, which was true enough— wanting to keep blm out of the run— though, thnnks to tho precaution I bad takeD, I was jn no fear oren if he should penetrate so deep aft. Before he come out fiv-sand-twenty stout fellows arrived in four boats from the ship, nnd when we went on dock wc found them going tbe rounds of tho vessel, scraping the guns to got a view of them, peering down the com panion, overhauling the foreeastlo well, n* I call tbo hollow beyond the forecastle, nnd staring aloft with their faces full of grinning wonder. Tfte captain sang out to tliem. and they all mustered nft 'Now, lads,' said he, 'there s n JjJg job J»o foro you— a big job for Capo Horn, I mean : and you'll have to slip through It as if you wasgreasa When done there'll be a carouse, and 111 warrant yc all such a sup thnt the most romantic among ye'Ji never cunt an other pining thought In the direction u' your mother's milk.' Having delivered this preface, he divided tho mon into two gongs— one, under the boatswain, to attend to the rigging, clear the canvas of tho ico, get tlie pumjw and the cap stans to work, nnd see all rend}- for getting Ball on tho schooner; tbo other, under the second mate, to get tackles aloft and break out tho cargo, taking core to trim ship whilo so doing. Tbey fell to tbeir seveml jobs with a wiJI. 'Tis tho habit of our countrymen to sneer nt the Americans as sailors, affirming that if ever they win n battle at sea it is by tlio help of British renegades. But this I protest: after witnessing- the smartness ot thov Yltnkco whalemen, 1 would sooner charge tbo English than tho Americans with lubhor liness, came the nautical merits of the two nations ever before mo to decide upon. Tliev had tbe batches open, tackles aloft and moit at work below whilo tlio mariners of other countries would havo been standing looking on and 'jawing' upon tho course to lie taken. Some overran tho fabric nl'ft, clearing, cutting away, pounding, making tbo Ice fly in storms; others sweated the cap stans till they cJnnkod; others fell to th' pumps, working with hammers and kettle* of boiling water. Tho wondrous old schooner was never busier— no, not in tlio hey day of ber flag, when her guns were blazing and her people 3'elling. As half-past threo in the afternoon the breeze began to sit in dark curls upon the water, and thero was evidence enough In the haziness in the west, and in tlio lo^m of the shoulders of vnpor in the dark blue nltsoui-c there, to warrant a sackful for this capful presently. 'I reckon,' says tho captain to me, nfter looking into tbe west, 'thut we'd l-«t knock off now. There's snow and wind yonder, and we'd better see all Hnug while there'* time.11 Ho called to one ot the men to tell the sec , ond mate to como up from lielow and get the hatches on, and bringing mo to tho rail be pointed to a boat, and asked if that would 1 dof I said yes, end thanked him heartily for the gift, which was handsome, I must say— i U10 boat being a very good one. though, , to be sure, be bad got many times its value j out of the schooner ; and a i«irty of meu were forthwith told off to get the boat hoisted and I stowed. Tbo captain then shook mo by tbo bant}, and, calling a farewell to Wilkinson and tbe negroes, scrambled into tbe chains nnd dropped into his boat, very highly satisfied, I make no doubt, with the business he had done that day. A boat's crew were left l^hlndtohelp us to make sail. But the wcath- r looking some what wild in tho -west, with the red light of the sun among tho clouds thero, and tbe dark heavo of tho swell running into a sickly crimson under tho sun, and then flowing out dusky again, I got them to treble reef tho mainsail and hoist it, dnd thon thanking them, advised them to be off. We gave them a cheer when tbey started, which tbey re turned, and then, putting Cromwell to tbe tiller, I wont forward with the others and set tho topsail and forestaysail (tbe nprlbviil lying furled), wbiob would be show enough of canvas till I saw what tho weather was like. I kept the topsail aback, waiting for a boat to arrive with my chart, and in a few minutes the boat wo hod cbecred return od witb what I wanted. Meanwhile tbey wero shortening sail on the whaler; and, though she was no beauty, yet I tell you I found ber as picturesquu as any ship I had ever beheld as sho lay with her maintopgnllantsail clewed up, her top sail yards on tho caps, and tho heads of men knotting tbe reef points showing black over tho white cloths, ber buU floatiug up out of the hollow aud flinging a wot orange gleam to the west, a tumble of creamy foam ubout her to ber rolling — shadows like the passage of phantom hands hurrying over her sails to tbe ewayiug of her masts, aud tbo swelling sea darkling from her into tho oast 1 hallowed my liands, and hailing tho cap tain, who was ou tbo quarter deck, asked him for the time by his chronometer. Hu fiourisbod bis anu and disapitpared, ? aud presently returning shouted to know If I was nmdy, I put tbo key in my watch and an Mjred yes, and then ho gavu mo tho time. Jay watch, though antique, was a uubta piece of nscbanteQ), and, I have littto doubt) - a» trustworthy as bis cbronorwUr. But I was careful to let it lie snug In my bond. I did not wast tbe negro at tbe tiller nor tho otliere to seo It. They would wonder tbat bo (inn a joweled piece as this should be in tbo possession of tlie second mato of a litlle brig, and it was ray business to manage tbat Uicy never should have cause to wondur at any thing in tbat way. (To be continue# next Sntuvdmj.) 