KNAVE Or CLUBS-The Croulptr. A SU3siER iEVER.oGEL-Junne-ipler juice. ANOMA?LY Is AcoUrTIlS-A Silent Creek, PERENNLAL CRIEE??l---The Serpent Tribe. FIOSTS are generally dew before they come. THE END OF TIE WVORLD-1 oney.miaking. TIHE ClvUlcr MILITAn-rB e2ATTLEl bby. NOTICE O A PEAL-L A flash of Lightning. S"Oi, do have a little more-let mne persuade you. : f Husrr MoSE..-TThe wogep of tie baby's nurse. C A M?rie AcciDev-T-Droivning in tihe Lakes. SEMI-DETACHED - Judicially separated couples. Tius?l NEW CUT--The Manchester Ship Canal. ` " THiE IMII'ISER oF TH jiYTERIOR. Gunter. l RcINrn Mt I.--Thi Mid-Kent Stalkc: Iop-poles: . TiHE "FLOW?IV " OF TIIE TonY.P.tOlT The Primrose.. Is a soldier a lifo' worth living It depends upon the liver. \WHELe.a calico won't wash you can depend upon it it isn't a certified chlck.' WInEran officddeisoutseeking a man it is like a ghost. 'It startles everybody. , LATESa TNIci~lSE non nsue IRBI(S Set . rtnt-?n Lawn-Tennis B-a(l)-four. Panrlioxic.L--That Hon- leyslhiuld, among Regattas, be "cock o' thewalk 5"? r \- .u:?Y a beau who wears . weetit-smeliip g boutonniere is without a cent inlhdspockctk ' P.IN NOTE--The best kind of-'paper for Litter-ary purposes : Straw papdr, of course. A ".GAME" THAT ISN'T -WoRVTH ITS (S)CtinDAL-The uhfair ruisiinicifg 6f'iehorses. THiE ife who can retain a sure hohl upon her husliand's heart will never have occasion to take a'grip on his haIr, : ; ' :' li iOi y sound paradoxical, but one's "bare' w?r'dis nobtal?-ays sufficient'to estliblisl even the "naked" truth- . " THERE is one thing that the invincible Western cyclone has never yet succeeded in lifting, and that is a mortgage. OHi, water surprise ! And so there's ? scarcity of water in Paris I Well, that's no thing new. In France water is always l'cadl PRIEST (to a very sick man)-" Now, if yodii have any earnest desire in your heart, namo it." Sick man: "I want to get well." i Asrnuso Poet-" Don't you like the meter of my new poem ? So light, you know." Critic: "Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." "AI A a painter and," said Ire, "Seek aid from Nature's heart." "I am a painter, too," said shie, "And get-my aid from art." D.nw,-ra ? NOTE-Itjs thought that bhth the monkeys-and tle parachutists at the Alex? andra Palice' hiee'ihi?teidd as illustrations bf the "Descent of Mn." DMiss Cianrrr-Is your husband addicted toTheso u of £loho'inTstiinlants!" Recdip ienrtof'Alms~:i'No, indade, rum; nout l.i His onlyfailin' is dii'kin:'." ? : , 'Biona offeeing ourself to tli.plump-looli ing toboggan girl you flirted with last winttir, perhaps it would be as well to wait until yqn see her on thed'amchithis Summer. Mas. O'lBeLt-:"Thii is the seventh niglit you'ie come home in the morning. The neOi toime. you. go-out,.Mrt O'8., you'll .stay: it lioseand pei :th'edoor for'yeisiif.' f " , 311t re i ally typlling ?to avte thoCi apinniesc freeyT on ainy aubjelt1 but you mustn't enect the photogrnuphe fe r ofurl scenery to give you his views for nothing. t . Sie? : "You must never let father see you put your arm around my waist." e: "Whly would le'bo .so ingryy: She ." No, der,; biat'hie wsuld tijy'to ?bdrro somea'nibney from you." , A wo3tA-)sas reached.the age of ono lhuii dgid "?ad thirty ycars???niid'itjis a iitiable sight to see er one-hundi?yd.iearold son sit in the corner and wriggle while he sousi "Ma, canI gq outts % md AFTsR all the objections made to executing criminals by electricity, it is urged by )he advocates of-thatsyatem that?after-a'peraon has tried the new metlhod once ho oill no?- use any other after. T:ecirme: "And now onH g riy,~ an you tellmidth mearnini of'the nordse' Go;D{o' (o frequently found in the Holy Scriptures,'" Hong Foy : "Yessee, main I? U1ir alleo samey 'Come off." t . WICeIRwiE:- "Say, Yaley; howabout tl reportabout town that your landlady refused to let you hav yuirr tsina3svhin you changee your ltgig-ihoiis las weehk" Yabslcyi there was nothing in it." Ths~lqy, P1;, Divine-" I rejoice to learn' lfissas , ?tlbPuehion, that you have decided rit' to wear alonwieeked dress at the party to night-" Little Dot (interrupting): "Sh?: tan't, She's gtt a'pimple on her bosom." :;3 SLoEANoN ' Say, grandpa, hero's a picturo of is Korman banquet, and they are all lying down'to eat: --Theydon't- do that -ay-n9, do they?" Grandpa: "Er-well, yes, there is more or les?a. lyng down at public dinners Aeonr WIPE (after a quarrel) : "Seems. to mo - 'Y& .4i talyedl about a hundred ycas., rcan't even remember when or where we fir?t' met." Husband.(emphaltically) : "Ican. It was at "allinner party, and there were thirteei attht table. "ROoERmr, dear, what is a jag?" " A jag? I don't kndow, firia." " Mrs. Jones says, that her husband told her that he saw yq?u down town with your jag on." "Oh, yes, I. see. He meant my English top coat. It m sometimes called a jag." "Youn father is an easy, 'come-day, go. day' sort of fellow, isn't he, Claral" '"Don' mistake him, George. I have had suitoro before nowiv r tholrght that of him, and wlibh have subsequently been obliged to admit that, he was a person of considerable pusli." I TiIe only way to solve thie problem,, I marriage a failure!I" is to try it. It reminrl us of thie story anent the toadstool and ti mushroom. How carnt you tell a mushroon, from a toadstool? By eating it. If it is a toadstool you die; if it is a mushroom yid' don't. HE was an artist courting the daughter of a retired se. captain. Vhile they were senti together oneo eveing in thire diuly-lighted parlour hie was sorrprised Iry thie hoarsre excla. mation of the ancient mariner in the neixt roomi," Cast off - that-- painter 1". B- ut lhii explained that her father was only talking i, his sleep, and that a "painter" was a rope attasched to a ship's small boat, and tfio engagementppoceded. - . Rosr-Beor : "WrWhy didn't you take-a wcit ding trip, lloodgood " Blo odlgood : "Well, you see,- my wife andrIcsmeo to thfreesusio; i it wouldn't be much of a novelty forin.i We met first oni a steamer on thd AtlanfiOceacn, I proposed in Sweden, was aecepted in Russoa, obtained her father's permission in E4gland; the imrriages eftlemeint wo: drawen up p the Unitied States, And we were marriid"ii Noe Jersey." SCCIETY PETS wriO NEED PROTErigION. Propls will never be ableu to realize the multi. tudinous daisgers to which human life is con stantly subjected. A Cincinnati boy was recently bitten by a trne bat which had been flying about the house, and the symptoms of llydrophobia liecame so strong that he ias sent to Pasteur. light on the heels of this comos tie story of a Kalanmazoo young society belle who was so seerrely stung by a bedbug: that shIe couldn't turn her head on thIe street to see hiw another woman's.dress fitted beel hind. 'There sehoulrd be alaev passed compel ling people to Imuzzle their bats, and as for bedbugs -we have all alcng taken tlhe stand that they sholdd be carefily bathedini coal oil and then taken away from their- rich diet of society belle and fed ol insect powder for h few wcek: The ir.stingers should then be cut off with a big pair of uhtars before beinrg ? lowed to rm at l ige agaiRn. Our society pets muist be protected at ial hazards. C.,Te Is TiIE CLOTINSo i3csINss.--Alger nons: "I notice trat youdid not respond to young B'rowrn's bow." Augustus : "No ; hIris family does not amnoune to much, you know. They're only commonI clothinig dealers lieopls" "AlgernoS: "L' Illt goodressgrsci"O l you r father is in the clithhin biosinces." AuiIustus: "W.. Ih ,le, dreairy, wholesale. Fathlcr rionl rathler die than sell nrythling uo retail. "i'ohsles"- obliei, you ke!o\re reahi boy," WISAT Irlss IIT n-- l)ehrlsigh : "Coiuldany. ti, be thinner th:an thie gauze that Mis. 'xn us ve t eil thie charms of Cleopiatral. iorliigho: 'he lim lra rider tlheafresaid _gsU.z"...i.. ......".. ..... 