IN BELGIUM. Br "THE VAGABOND." ANTWERP. The Great Eastern Railway not so very many years ago bore a namo of evil repute amongst the travelling world of England. But under the present efficient management things in this respect have been altered for the best. The traveller from London to Belgium, Hol land, the Rhine and Northern Germany can have no better route than that by the Great Eastern Railway. From Liverpool- street sta tion you traverse the flat eastern counties to Harwich, and thence by the best steamers crossing the Channel to Hamburg, to Rotter dam and to Antwerp. The night trains are particularly convenient. You can dine in ease and comfort at your West End Club or suburban homo, thou drive quietly, or tako the Underground Railway, to tho City, and at 9 o'clook find yourself on board tho express train bound for Parkeston Quay, outside Harwich. Tho train runs right alongside the wharf where tho steamers aro lying. Tho over obliging English railway portor; with his eyes well skinned for tho forth coming sixpence, carries my bag on board. The passage to Antworp, whithor I am bound, occupies nine or ten hours. One has tho advantage of passing this in sleop ; and having dined in Middlesex you breakfast in Belgium. Tho cabin accommo dation of the Groat Eastern steamers is equal to that of many of our intercolonial vessels. Old travellers, of course, telegraph to Parkeston to secure berths. In busy times those who have not done so have to camp' in a sort of "glory liolo," or perhaps lie on tho couchos in the saloon. I share a very good two-berth cabin with a Belgian gentleman. As I am only one night in his company I am not exercised in spirit when I And out that he does not wash. Le Brave Belye, like the inhabitants of most European nations, has an aversion to cold water in any form. I reckon that there is less soap used on board Channel steamers in a year than on one of the boats bctweon Sydney and Melbourne in a week. The Cambridge has a fine smoking room, fur nished with cloctrio light and electric bells. Horo we gather after wo havo steamed past the Cork lightship, and order whiskies and sodas, which cost 8d., instead of 6d. as in Mel bourne, and light our pipes and cigars and enjoy tho passing hour. That a young lady, newly married, takes caro of lier husband while in our society is not considered a drawback. The passengers on the Cambridge aro a mixed lot. Besides passing traders and commercial travellers thereisafairsprinklingof Englishmen bound for holiday trip3, a confrere from tho St. James's Gazette, off to tho Beauty Show at Spa, and another representative of literature and dramatic art in the porson of Mr. Howard Paul. This gentleman's namo sounds like that of Matthews or Kean. It Beoms to mo that I saw Howard Paul and his accomplished wife when I was a more child, yet as we shako hands under the electric light ho looks but little older, and acknowledges to possess very few years more than my own. Mr. Howard Paul is also bound to the Beauty Show, and entices mo to join him in a trip to Spa. "Wo talk for an hour of old friends at tho Lotus Club and tho Savage, and of tho last time wo mot, at the reception given to Oliver Wendell Holmes in London, over two years ago. We turn in early to slcop calm and peacefully through the still night, the sea being as smooth as tho proverbial mill pond. At daylight wo awako to find that wo aro in tho mouth of the Scholdt, off Flush ing, tho passage between tho Cork lightship and this river occupying only about seven hours. Then we steam swiftlyupthe great, broad, muddy stream, the dim fog concealing the low, sandy shores' of Walchoren whioh form the northern bank. Goldsmith, in his, Traveller, opens thus : — Remote, unfriouded, melancholy, slow, Or by the lazy Scheldt, or wanderingPo. But this is a misnomer, for tho stream is a swift flowing one, and commercially it is one of the great rivers of the world. The Kingdom of Holland lies both to north and to south, for this country possesses the shores on both sides of the mouth of tho Scheldt. The Dutch Tricolor, tho red, white, und blue placed horizontally, in contradistinction to the Frenoh colors which aro vortical, is seen on little forts and on the gunboat at' anchor in the stream. Holland, which possesses colonies as well as a ooast border, needs a navy. The population is not much over 4,000,000, yet its marine forco consists of 7000 men and its army 'of 65,000 regular soldiors, irrespective of tho National Guard. Against any of the powerful European nations these forces would be of little avail. Tho Dutch soldiers princi pally occupy thomselves with keoping an oyo on their neighbors, tho Belgians. Looming through tho fogono sees thesofortsjthograsa covered bas tions running out into tho water appear green and peaceful, and tho flag of Holland floats above the sentinel as he lazily paces to and fro. At this, as at evory other entrance into Europe, tho traveller from Australia will bo struck with the fact that tho display of military power is the first thing to greet him. Tho long, low shores on caoli side remind us of the Yang-tze-Kiang in China, but there is not so much greenery hero. Vegetation thrives 3lowly on those sand bauks, land reclaimed from tho sea. Tho water is a peculiar dirty green, unlike any I havo soon clsowhere. The buoyed channel is not so good a ono as that between Quobeo and Montreal, in tho St. Lawrence River, which the harbor commissioners of the latter city, undor the efficient control of their president, Mr. Andrew Robertson, havo lately opened. This voyage up the Soheldt is a strange one, and yet it is with a sense of familiarity that we pass largo steamers, dimly outlined through the haze, and sailing vessels, principally brigs, broad of beam and with vast sterns, anchored in tho stream. And when tho fog rises wo seo on shore long rows of poplar trees and rod tiled houses with green meadows and church spires hero and there acting as landmarks. All over the world one finds Dutch paintings the oxnet reproduc tions of every mile of bank on each side of tho Scheldt. Tho stream narrows, tho number of vessels at anchor increase, whilo on each side are strings of great barges whioh navigato the canals to tho Low Countries. Strange creatures are tho mariners who smoke their early morning pipes oh tho decks of these oraft. This is sum mer time, yet these Dutchman livo inside sev eral suits of olothos. The process of dressing must be a lengthy ono with them, which is perhaps the reason they so soldom undress. OftenT" however, thero is not a sign of lifo on any of these barges, except that given by a littlo blaok dog which barks, not ferociously, but in warn ing notes, as wo pass by. This is tho " sckipperkin," or "little skipper," n brood strungo as that of the turnspit dog, preserved only on tho barges of tho caucils throughout Holland. Small, of long body, with not much iu the way of a tail, tho littlo skippor is an affectionato beast, but with sharp senses, which make it invaluablo as a watch dog. It is, in fact, tho original of the "dog-watoh." Tho sckipperkin has latoly hecomo fashionable in London, and threatens to oust the pug from his post of fnvorito amongst tho ladies. Now wo pass tho limits of Holland and Belgium. On each border red sentry boxes, built on piles in the stream, occupied bysleepy soldiers, represent the majesty of tho different king doms. Red tiled villages increase. Tho villages becomo suburbs, and then Antworp with its cathedral and churches and dense masses of buildings orowns the bank of tho river. Ajb wo steam past the quays, ono is struck with the vast arrangements for maritime traffic. The docks and basins nnd connecting canals, the railroad running all alongsido tho quay, aro on a soale and in a stylo which we have not yot realised in Australia. Mr. Lorimer scared all England with his roport of the defenceless state of tho Thames, but his military soul would have boon satisfied if he had voyaged up the Scheldt and seen the dofonsivo preparations, and tho Forts Isabella and Flanders. And Ant worp is worth defending. Within its walls and moat 'I am told tho population is only some 200,0130, hut that population is con centrated. Antwerp, with its docks nnd quays and busy crowds in tho streets, at first strikes the Australian traveller as being quito as important and as large a city as Melbourne. I trust that in the coming centuries neither Melbourno or any other Australian city will have such a notablo careor as that of Antwerp. "Antwerp " is the old Flemish namo, whi-h wo English havo adopted. Anvors is tho French or Belgian name, French being the language of mnvn and law and aoelaty hart, although the' large majority of tho people still speak Flemish or Dutch. All Government and munici pal proclamations are printed in both lan guages. As Melbourne owes its existence to tho Yarra, so Antworp was called into being by its situation on tho Scheldt, or in Belgian tho Escaut, 60 miles from its mouth at tho North Sea. In tho timo of tho Romans there was a settlement on thojpresent site of Antworp, which was a natural port of tho Low Countries, Holland in fact being created somo centuries aftorwards. But wherover thcro aro. rivers in Europo wo find traces of tho ravages of our Nor man ancestors. W o rend that 1050 years ngo tho Norsemen destroyed tho town of Antwerp, hav ing voyaged up tiro Scheldt in great forco in tlioir galleys. Threo hundred years ago Antworp possessed 125,000 inhabitants, nnd wo learn that it was tho town "tho most enterprising and tho most magnificent in tho Christian world, surpassing oven opulent Venice." Antwerp at that timo was tho greatest cntrcpSt in Europo. Then camo tho rule of Spain, nnd of tho Inquisition. Antwerp was besieged. Tho citizens bravely held out for over 14 months, but the town was taken at last, and 7000 people lost thoir lives in tho sack. Tho atrocities committed by tho Spanish soldiors must havo perpetuated tho hatred felt for tho " Inquisition dogs and devilry of Spain." Tho commerce and prosperity of Antwerp departed, its population dwindled away, nnd at tho timo of tho French Revolution it did not possess moro than 40,000 souls. Belgium became united to Franco under thoDirectory nnd tho Empire. Napoleon tho Great strongly forti fied Antworp. General Carnot,grandfatherof tho present bend of thoFrench Republic, successfully defended Antworp against tho allied forces in 1814, nnd only gave up possession of tho placo after tho Treaty of Paris. Antworp is, in fact, not only tho strongest fortified placo in Bel gium, hut ono of she first in Europe, and. sinco tho free navigation of the Scholdt has been con ceded Antwerp lias becomo ono of the greatest ports. Last year its shipping totallod 4,000,000 tons. But enough of history and statistics — let us hasten ashore. On tho quay our bodies nnd baggage aro fought for by the porters of the different hotols in ohargo of tho omnibuses belonging to thoir establishments. When will .Melbourno hotel proprietors think it worth their whilo to add to tho comfort of their guests, as well as to their own interests, by running omni buses to moot tho intercolonial trains and steamers at our stations and wharfs ? Tho stranger arriving iu Melbourno has to take a hansom or waggonette and drive all round tho town from hotel to hotel in soaroh of house room. At Antwerp, as overywhoro on the Continent, wo find tho airy and con venient omnibuses of tho different hotels, with attendant portors who can toll us what accommodation can bo had, and with your baggage you oan ho c rivon to your destination' for tho sum of ono frano, instead of being mulcted in several shillings as you aro likely to bo here. I cliooso tho Hotol St. Antoine, having been recommended theroto by my doar friend, Mr. David Christie Murray, who resided for somo timo in Belgium studying the poople. I do not know if tho study repaid him. Certainly one's first experience of of Le Brave Belye is that he is very courteous. The custom house offioer passes my portmanteau without a murmur. It may bo that ho sees in my eye that I am a thorough Protectionist, and would scorn to smuggle. Tho drive to the Place Verle, close to the cathedral, is through a busy part of tho city. Great drays and waggons aro transporting goods to and from tho quays. Stolid looking working men in blue blouses and wooden Bhocs are drinking beer outside tafis. All the women one meets are without hats. They are round-faced, thick- waisted, and take an extra size in sabots. If you go into any picture gallery and look at tho many Dutoh paintings of tho Virgin Mary, you will boo tho portrait of tho avorago working woman of Belgium. Everywhere ono soes announcements in the two languages, French and Flemish. Tho words " Ingang " and "Uitgang," that is "Go in" and "Go out," whioh one sees on tho doors of the public buildings are evi dences of the Saxon, that is tho low Dutch strain in our language. Tho words " Neit Rooken," "No Smoking," aro not so easily understood by Britishors. Antwerp otherwise has a second class French look, and thero aro only two things whioh specially distinguish it. Tho first is tho large number of pigeon fanciers' establishments with tho wonder ful announcements whioh thoy put on thoir walls, this being the chief centre of pigeon flying in Europe. Tho socond is the sight of dogs draw ing carts driven by big hulking Flemish brutes. These poor animals aro of no speoial broed, like tho lucky sckipperkin which iB now dandled in the lap of royalty, but are bred anyhow for bone and strength, and their souls are early subdued to the yoke and the trace. Singly or iu pairs, they pull little carts, slipping on the stones, halting and lame, kicked and cursed with the thick Flemish shoo and the gross Flemish tongue. It has been left on record that "our army swore terribly in FlanderB," but no one of English blood, not even tho Queensland bushman or the Culi- fornian stago driver, cau equal tho Flemish peasant for indecent blasphemy. The common peoplo have all the worst vices of thoir French compeors, but fow of their redoeming virtues. Living in the midst of art, past and presont, the poople of Antwerp aro yet thoroughly degraded. The Hotel St. Antoine is worthy of its recom mendation. It possesses a charming court yard filled with fountains and flowers, where we breakfast in the open air under the shado of tho verandah. Our American cousin is of course here, as at ovcry hotel in Europo, and proves to be very charming. After brealcfaBt I walk to tho Ruo St. Paul to leave my letters of intro duction with tho representative of Messrs. MTlwrait.il and M'Eochern, of Melbourne and London, who have an establishment here. I wish to find out something about the anomalies of tho shipping trade, it having been reported tomothat ono can send goods from London to Antwerp, and thenoo to Melbourne, cheaper than to Mel bourne direot. But aftor soma hours spent ou the Bourse I obtain very littlo information, with tho exception that tho Australian trade from this port is now nearly at an end. It is rather extraordinary, though, to stand in the throng at one end of this vast build ing, with walls and gallerios decorated and carved, roof of gloss, floor of stone, and midst the Babel of tongues and tho scent of every known tobacco to listen to two Englishmen disputing a3 to tho termB of tho charter of a vessel to Rookhampton. In every part of the world Australia is now known. When I say disputing, tho term must bo understood as com parative. Whon Belgians wish to do serious busi ness with each other they purchase the biggest possible cigars, and smoko and toll each other tales, till they get to tho stump before concluding matters. Englishmen havo loss imagination, and more rcspeot for time. I suppose I am tho first traveller who ever visited Antwerp who went to the Bourse before visit ing tho Cathedral. But my friend Mr. Footman is anxious to introduce mo to somo of the princes of finance before I visit the storo rooms of art. This is a very fine local habitation for commerce, and as I look round I wonder when wo shall havo anything like it in Melbourno. Tho present Exchange hero is a disgrace to tho city. On this Ant worp Bourse all the nations of tho world appear to ho represented. There is a considerable Eng lish population here, but a far greater and more rapidly increasing Gorman one. The Teuton traders are undercutting Englishmcnin every line of business. Tho Hobrew, chiof of all the traders of tho earth, is very prominent. Here one sees the English Jow, tho French Jew, the Belgian Jew, tho German Jew, the Russian Jew. He is tho one man to he found in every nation, superior in his power of money making to tho inhabitants of every nation. Heine, himself a Jew, says that "they were always men, strong unyioldiug men," and Shakspearo probably givos the text of a large amount of their success in tho words of Shy look — I crave the law, The penalty and forfeit of my bond. Commerce at Antwerp is cosmopolitan. Be fore tho Spaniards socked and ruined this city, it is said that a thousand foreign mercantile houses wcro represented hero. Now, I daresay thero are 10,000. Antwerp reeks of Rubens,- tho politician painter. A student of the Jesuits he gave to tho church all his talents as an artist, being no doubt very well paid in return. Antworp was at this timo a great stronghold of "Holy Church." Macuulay, in " Ivry," writes — Ho I Philip, send, for charity, thy Mexican pistoles, That Antwerp monks may sing a moss for thy poor spearmen's souls. Rubens had a great eye for color, and could have given George Gordon point in thai re- spect. In his celebrated Descent from the Cross in the cathedral here, St. John, the be loved disciple, is clothed in a red nightgown; with tho object of setting off tho body tints of tho dead Jesus. Thero is somothing so de cidedly theatrical in this that tho religious critic, and tho critic who is not reli gious, but possesses a soul imbued with a desiro to sco fitness in all things, feels a sonso of repulsion at viewing what many artists con sider tho masterpiece of Rubens. Rubens per petuates the features of his wife and daughter and mistresses in tho foaturcs and figures of the Virgin and the Magdnlono and other holy women. Artists seem to liavo seen nothing incongruous in sucli "studies." It is historical that Titien mndo his daughter stand for certain of his studies of tho nude. I frankly admit that I soon got tired of Rubens in tho cathodral, and in tho other show churches of Antworp, which seem to he converted into pic ture galleries. In England sculpture takes the placo of painting in our housos of worship. Westminster Abbey, ono of tho most glorious fanes in Europe, is disfigured by a heterogeneous colleotion of sculptured stones comraomorating tho virtues of patriots and placemen, till ono is reminded of the tombstone makers' establish- mont in the New-road. Antwerp churches remind mo of tho Grosveuor Gallery. Theso Flemish painters havo perpotuated tho Saviour and Saints aftor their own images, and thoy nro generally all very' coarse and vul gar. Not but what Poter-Paul was a very fine, handsomo fellow himself, as his statue and portraits represent. Antwerp worships tho memory of Rubens. They show you the houso which ho built, nnd in which he died. At certain seasons they crown his statue. They mako moro of him altogether than English people do of Shakspearo, whoso shoes no painter who over lived is worthy to unlatch. But one recognises that at tho timo of tho founding of Spanish and priestly dominion Rubens and his disciples were tho only things Antwerp could bo proud of. Antwerp has a fine town hall and a palace devoted to tho servioo of King Leopold the Second, when ho should tako it into his head to visit this city. Soldiers aro on guard in front of this building. I am told there aro other royal palaces in various Belgian cities, whioh makes royalty here expensive, and Belgian royalty is tho most dissipated iu Europe. Leopold tho Second, as ono of tho friends and guides of Princo " Tummy," had a good deal to do with the youthful eccentricities of tho Coming King. But Antwerp) at tho bottom is fairly demo cratic, although it is tho democracy of wealth. Tho old provorb goes that Antwerp prided itself on its financiers, as Brussels did. upon its men of name and family, and Bruges upon its pretty girls. Financiers cannot stand a despot who will be likely at any timo to make them disgorge thoir gains. A good Constitutional Monarchy or a moderato Republio is tho best Government under which to make money. Belgium may be said to have a Constitutional Monarchy, tempered by royalty, drawing its pay regularly. Tho most interesting thing in Antwerp to mo has nothing to do with king3 or with paintors, hut is tho Plantin Museum, the quaint old Flemish house where Christopher Plantin, of Tourainc, died in 1589, aftor 34 years' work there as a printor. Tho establish ment was carried on by his son- in-law and his successors. It was tho groatost religious print ing press in the world, the Plantin firm having a monopoly of printing all tho prayer books for " Holy Church " in tho Spanish dominions. Hero ono finds the earliest form of prosses and of type, and specimens of work on copper and steel, which it would bo hard to surpass nowadays. This houso now belongs to tho municipality of Antworp. The passing stranger can here wander around and view tho print ing room and kitchen and dining hall and bedrooms, all preserved in tho state of 300 years ago, and poople thorn with tho ghosts of tho master printers who wore their swords in token of their vocation, and of the humble apprentices, who might aspire to, but could hover in time reaoh, such an exalted position, for ono printing press supplied all the needB of tho Catholic Church at that period. In the iirosent, so far as the art of printing is concerned, the Belgian newspapers aro about the worst in the world, and in tho matter of nows, outside market priocs . and stocks and shares, aro not equal to our journals at Ballarat or Bendigo. . Tho Antwerp peoplo nro proud of their park.' In tho afternoon the great world drivds around it, by tho Avenue Rubons or Quontin Matsys, or Vau Eyclr. The private housos around the park are desirable residences. There is a better style lrdre than you see in Australia. The park has roads running across it and around the lake and shrubberies and lawns, whioh are not in any way enclosed. "Why should wo in Melbourno make of our public reserves closed paddocks with gates and palisades. It seems to me thero is no reason why many of tho strips of resorved land, such as one finds along Victoria and "Wellington parades, or by tho Burke and Wills monument, should not have tho palings pulled down and be quite free to the peoplo as at Antwerp and other cities on tho Continent. Certainly in the matter of public reserves, and of statues, and of free shows like the Museum, the peoplo of Antwerp have heon well supplied by the State. But I think the people as a whole care as littlo about art as the inhabitants of Croajingolong. It is recorded by Captain Marryat that a sailor having threo wishes to gratify, asked for rum and tobacco, and was unablo to decide on any other luxury or necessity till the happy thought struck him of " more rum." So in Antwerp I think tho peoplo would call out for " more beer," with an occasional chongo to gin. The atrnoaphero of ancient art tempers the monoy making spirit of Antwerp, but it lias no effect upon the amusements of tho people. This is a far more drunkon placo than Melbourne. The " long shore" life on tho quays, where sailors of all nationalities aro to bo found, is worse than any English port I know of. The thcatro and the opera meet with littlo patronage. Young Antwerp from the highest to the lowest finds its greatest enjoyment in the musio and beer halls. Young Antwerp, like young Belgium generally, has domestic arrangements unsano tified by the church. Thero aro few more wicked places than this city ofMammon, of Art, and of Fancy Pigeons. Thero are no roses to disguise this wickedness. If you want to study national character it is necessary to Bee peoplo at thoir amusements. After ono hoa had tho experienco of orderly Australian shows ono gets disgusted with tho round of Antwerp musio halls, with their pretty dibutantes without voices, and fat old women whoso stock in trade is a leer and indecont chorus, and Becond olass gymnasts from London, and with the pose plastiques in which tho nudo is made anything hut attractive by tho want of figure of the models. To me tlia nightly lifo led in Antwerp by old and young is sad and melancholy. Tho only delight of the people seems to be in the coarsest of pleasures. Our young Australians with thoir cricket, and football, and rowing, and athletic mania generally, but without a spark of art iu their composition, aro bettor and purer in their lives than the money making Flemings I seo here, who cram Rubens and Qucntin MatBys down my throat. Lifo passed between a mad rush in the service of Mammon and the lowest sensuality may drive somo to the Monas tery of La Trappe, and othors to tho neighbor ing lunatio settlement at Ghcol, which I should visit, but that I have already described them in days gone by. For myself, I think I should beoome a fitting inmate for this latter villago of madmen if I stayed many days in the vicinity of tho Antwerp Cathedral, from whonco all night long the hour is rung out in deep chimes. The gonins who invented theso wonderful clocks was an enemy to mankind. A personal friend of Madamo Boulanger, wife of the General, assures me (writes tho Paris orrespondont of the 2'imcs) that thcro is no foundation for tho statcmuut that it is she who has applied for a divorce. On tho contrary, she has retired to a convent with her younger daughter, and sho rofuses to consent to a divorce. It must be ad mitted that tho refusal of the Goneral's wife to livo iu the Barao house with licr husband makes his situation difficult. Those who say ho wishes to divorce her in order that he may resemble Napoleon simply state a spiteful falsehood. I havo already said that General Boulanger . has summoned his wifo to return to her, family and reconstitute the cobj ugnl domicile, and that she has refused to do so. If it is true that Mdmc. Boulanger will neither roturn to hor husband nor consent to o divorco, apart from the Roman Ctttholio question, publio opinion will certainly end by taking the side of the husband, who prefers divorce to the position in which ho is placed by the attitude of his wife. 