Iftovelist* The Midnight Prophecy OB, HEIR. OF-STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. ' ' (' CHAPTE11 XII. . . . . ? ltOMULUS. ; The countosB and J uditli drew near tlto little; farm-house. It'was a. pretty, snug placo, a box of a cottage all over, hung with running'creepers, with quaint lat-. tioccl windows,: and sloping oaves, beneath which the wrens and martins twittered. A.square, green yard, shaded by a giant oak, berioath which an old inun, wearing the simple garb of a Tyrol peasant, sat, tinkering at a broken sheep-bell, which he was vainly trying to mend. As shb approached tho wickot-gatc, the countess grew deadly white, and leaned heavily on Judith's arm for support. "Oh, Judith,"*she murmured, ''how familiar everything -seems 1 I feel as if I had lived hore !" . ''" Yes, my lady," replied tlio girl, her own cheeks very pale, and lior voice un steady ;" there's not one thing different; I even' ronlember the peculiar make of ihe windows, and that smooth, worn stone . at tho door. Oh, it is very strangef . Thpy opeued tho wicket aud crossed the ^re011 yard. Tho old peasant dropped his hell and fose to hiB feet at their ap: proacli. " My lady is faint this morning," spake Judith. " Would you be good enough to lot her have a drink of fresh milk V" "Ay,"ay; to be sure,' replied the old inan, nothing incessantly. Come in, come in ; my 'old' woman's laying the dinner now-come right in." They followed him across the smooth stone step, and through the vine-shaded doorway ; nnd there, in the centro of the wliite, sanded floor, stood a square table, set- out with shining'pewter platters. . Lady StratliBpey gasped her breath, and clung tightly to Judith's arm. The " wife, who sat in the chimney corner, with her spectacles on lier nose, rose up. with a startled exclamation. '" Why,^bless trie !" she cried, seizing upon the countess, and assisting her to a neat on the wooden settle:: " Poor thing! what ails her .' She's ;ill:and faint," explained Juith, ;' and came to beg a drink of new iiiilk."' JT; ?' ? »" Arid she shall have it," continued the > Id woman; " but sit ye clown yourself," «he added, glancing at Judith's white ulieeks. ;:. " Ye ?are -like; a pair of ghosts, lioth of ye. Come, sit down, and I'll iiave the dinner on the! table in a wink. Tis the very thing, too, as'll suit ye. .be ing ailing- chicken broth and dumplings, in'd a drop of beer, to wash it clown'; my. . ild man always wants it when lie's ailing. Come, sit ye down !" - Judith obeyed, sitting down beside hor mistress, and tho woman flew about, get ting her savory meal upon the table, ;while her husband-sat" on the stono 'door-sill, slapping at the "llies thiit buzzed in the noon sunlight. ; ' i . . Pr'eBontly a gleeful shout and a ripiing burst of childish laughter broke upon the silence,'and from,a little back bed-cham ber a;:little fellow," some* three summers old, came dancing;into the room. Seeingtlie strangers, he came to a stid dori halt", arid stood like a- stntue, his scarlet smock-frock disclosing his round, bare legs and dimpled, feet, and a queer littlo cap, ornamented with a long feather surmounting his head,- with his profuse flaxen ringlets. There he stood, his great blue eyes wide with childish wonder. .""Why, Hamuli'.*, cried, the old woman, " can't' ye say how d'ye do to the ladies! Have yp forgot your manners ?" ! UomuluB doffed his plumed cap, and dippedlliis curly ilaxon head. ."How d'ye do, ladies?" he. said, obediently.1 " - ' At the souud of the sweet, lisping voice, the countess,-who had sat since the child's, appearance like ono . turned to . stone, uttered iv pathetic cry, and springing for ward, ciiiight the boy to her bosoiu. . ," 01i, my baby. ! ray lost darling I my own,precious child !" she cried, between her bursting sobs nnd passiohate kisses; "I'knew I should find you, you precious lost lamb !" Tho old peasant and his wife stood thuuderstruck ; but the little fellow, no thing daunted, wound his chubby arms about theiady's neck, and put his ruddy cheek againBt hers. ...." Don't kv !" ho lisped, entreatingly; " Knuimio likes lady !-Rommio likes her !*' ? " Do ye see, old man ?" quoth the wife to her husband, her voice full of pain. 44 What did I tell ye the night ye found him ? Didn't I say, just as we got our hearts set on him some fine folks would come in and snatcli him away V Yes, I did ; and I wish ye'.d loft him to the milch goat, that I do." Whereupon, leaving lier dinner only half-dished, she sat down, and carrying her apron to her eyes, began to cry her self. The boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambering down from Lady Strath spey's knee, lie ran to her side. "Don't oo ky, -grand-mudder," he pleaded, tugging at her apron ; 44 Rommie likes grand-mudder, too, Tlie old man caught hiin up in his arms. "He's mine ! the boy's mine !?' he said, almost savagely ; " and I'll give him up to one. His father and mother abandoned him to the mercy of my milch goat, and he's mine: The countess and Judith both uttored a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strange dream. The old man regarded them with angry suspicion. .'My good women," he said, "what does all this mean ? Can't ye explain yourselves, and.tell me what's tho'mat ter ?" By a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wipod the streaming tears from her cheeks. "Mygood sir," she replied, "the ex planation I have to give to you is a strange one, which possibly you may not believe -indeed, 1 cannot believe it at timos myself ; but my maid here can bear me out in what I have to say." Whereupon Bhe related all the myster ious circumstances of the disappearance of her babe on tho night of his birth ; and also the strange dream which Judith had first dreamed and then herself. And the old man and liis wifo listened in speechless amazement, while the sum mer sunshiue crept slowly over the sanded floor, and the savoury dinner grew cold upon the table. When she had finished they satlooktng into cach other's faces in utter consternation. "?If must be that God sent us the dream," continued the countess, 4' for it luiunted ine day and night ever since. I could not rest one moment. And this morning the instant my eyes beheld this place 1 knew it, and I know as surely, al though another usurps his place, that tho boy is my own, the babe who was stolen from my arms in the very hour of his birth, the rightful heir to tho Earldom of StrethBpey Towers. 14 And now, my good people," she con tinued, " 1 havo told you my strange story, audi implore you; to let. mo hoar yours. Tell me how and when you cauie by this child ; and I pray tliero may be some proof by which 1 can restore him to his rightful placo." The old couple sat in utter silbneo for a few moments, overwhelmed liy what they hid heard. The idea that it was a young carl they had fostered filled them with absolute affright. The old man spoke at Inst; "Old woman." he said, drawing a long breath, and resuming his scat on the door sill, "you aro glibber of tho tongue than I am-you tell the story. The old woman put Romulus from her knee, and wiped her eyes with her apron. . I'Talk of being glib of tongue now," she began, " after hearing such a Htory as her-why,"tho very memory's beat out of me. I do declare it reminds mo of the old stories in the Bible 'bout the days of the Apostles. But I'll do tho best I can, your highness," she continued, bowing profoundly to the countess ; "and if my memory be bad I'll stick to the truth : "It was on the tenth of January ; I re member.that well, 'cause our red liefer had a calf on New Year's Day-and on that very morning the old man says, 'Old woman, the red heifer's calf be ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to steal a mite of the drippings-you 'tend to her and I'll go and look after the goats.' So I went kown to the cattle-shed, mid milked the drippings, and fed the heifer, and came home and laid out dinner. By that time here conies the old man all of a flutter. 4 Molly,' he said, 4 the head milch gont is missing;' and nothing would do but I must go and help him hunt her. 44 Well, away we went, and a pretty tramp we had! Through the valleys, and up the mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoes. At last, way on to ward sundown, we spies her, perched on the top of that bald cliff at the left yonder." 44 Oh, iny lady!" ejaculated Judith. 44 Go on,"my good woman," urged the countess. . Wel<, there she bo perched riaht atop of the cliff. 1 Why, old woman,' says the old man, 4she's gob kids! Who'd a thought it 1 You must go up and bring them down in your apron, while I fetch her down.' 44 So up we tussled, my very bones ach ing with puin, and Lord bless you, my. dear lady, what d'yo 'spose we saw when wo reached h«r? Not a kid, but a lifctlo, live baby, and it a sucking tho'goat, and its dear little mouth all wet with the milk." Lady Strathspey covered her face, con vulsive sobs ahaking her Jvom head to" .foot. " ' ? ' - '* ? "I didn't feel my acliesa bit after that," the old woman went on ; " I takes up tlie child, and the old man shoulders the milch-goat, and down we come." 44 The clothes I" gasped the countess. Have you the clothes the child had on when you found him'{" .4 Yes, I kept them. 4 They may be of use to the child one of these days,' says tho old man. But that day, as I was tell in'ye, we brought the child home, and do you know my old man lie takes tho milch goat right into my back room, and there ho keeps her, only turning her out to "raze once in a while, and the baby ho sucked that goat for six round months, and I never see a child thrive as lie did. 44 My old man used to be book-Iarned when he was young," she wont on, glanc ing admiringly at tho old shepherd on the suifny door-step, " and he says lie's read of a boy as a wolf suckled, and ho was called Romulus-so nothing would do but the baby be named after him. So Romulus is his name." Sho paused an instant, her lips quiver- ! ing. j " We've no children of our own," she went on, at last, her voice shaking. 44 We had a boy once, aB promising a lad as ever lived, but he went to sea, and was lost fifteen years ago. And we can't tell, my I lady, how \vc took to this child !. 'Heaven has sent him,' the old man said,' to cheer us in our old age.' We've done the best we could for hint, and it's like tearing out our hearts to give him up, but, hearing your story, I'm convinced that he's your child, and Huaven sent yo to find him." The old man drew the wondering boy to his arms, and resting his old forehead on his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. " My dear, good friends," she said, "don't grieve now, I'm not going to take the child from you. I shall want you to keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place. You have never beard angbtin regard to him, or found out how he came to the mountain, I suppose?" " Never a word, my lady," replied the old man, brightening up at ths prospect of keep iDgthe child. "My lady," whispered Judith, at this junc ture, " here comes Lord Strathspey." I The countess arose in consternation. "It is my husband," she exclaimed, "but I do not wish him to know about the child yet. Please take him away." The old woman caught up the boy, and rushed into the adjoining room,.closing the door after her. "Take this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and xorcing it into the old man's hand; " I will come again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless yon." She reacbcd the wicket just in time to meet the earl. He looked at her flushed cheeks and swollen eyes in amazement. "Marguerite," he said, as he drew berarm through his. " I was so impatient I came to seek you. l''or Heaven's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you know of these people? What ai'.B you ?" " Trust me, dearest Angus," she sobbed, j clinging to his arm; "you shall know all soon -only trust me." And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing stionger and stronger in his mind that Doctor ltenfrew was right, and his wife was indeed ia danger of in sanity. Lord Strathspey rode back to bis lodgings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All. the spirit and zest of 1 the morning had loft him, and the fair siren ; put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur i into her horse's flank, and set her white teeth together in rage at her own ill-success. ' My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. But she was likewise very reso lute, and she concluded to let the moody earl ride on in silence and bide her time. For as sure as the afternoon sunlight lay i warm and bright upon the green valleys of J the Tyrol, should thtit self-same moody earl -'this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her-be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten ? Had the memory of those old days .at Cavendish Manor faded from her?-those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw-a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her ? Dp women like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment? My lady set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her blue-black eyes glittered with a baleful, phosphorescent light, as she galloped along by the earl's side. 