TALE. Diana. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with, that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more su- perbly proportioned than was this one. A com- bination of masculine strength and feminine beauty—not feminine enough to be wholly woman, not masculine enough to be wholly man. Her dress was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a man's black coat protected her shoulders; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as slendid and fiery and scornful as the scorn- ful, fiery, splendid creature that fearlessly be- strode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upflinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de- fiance the close kinship of two souls before me- tempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was 'Satan.' Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing, and it was a certainly that no other living thing had loved either of them. Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like and ebony-statued Centaur. Before them the sun was setting- sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the farmost edge of the plain. So sultry and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake guttered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many-league crys- tal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground; it took off its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into the west. A lizard scampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with ears standing inquiringly straight up; its meek, surprised eyes stared at the Centaur as those of the Centaur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that inhabited them. This region of California, whose eastern horizon touches God's heights, was then in its sheep-herding period. The periods of the wild horses and the cattle had gone before it, that of diitch-diggers and house-builders came afterward. Lower sank the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow; the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple- guttered, glistening, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battlements of white-fleeced clouds an silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke-girthed amber ocean. The halo of sky dipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance, faded out of it, the hard toes of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak—the only tree for miles around—stood near; a man, close followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from be- hind. He made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly garmented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as he watched the process of transforma- tion in the woman's face, its spirit leaped in- to his own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hand and cried out, 'Diana." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear? She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with con- temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away taking an opposite direction. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of thc enigmatical construction burlesqued with the name of 'House.' 'See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk- in' home, in the shadow of his coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep.' The man to whom the words were addressed looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other: 'Don't joke him to-night Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't wonder if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen her.' 'Ha'nt be doggoned; I'd like to have sich a solid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' me.' 'Stop—he'll hear you.' The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the back door to stop the talk of the other. 'Well, I'll bo golled; if I was as thin- skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd get me a patent outside,' muttered Brassy. The cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile in the yard, took out his pocket-knife and com- menced whittling. 'Store sign,' growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; 'alluz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticutarously tough, but then them moods, an' tenses, an' them fine-haired feelin's help a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or ex- pect a youngster with the brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?' Bill did not look up, nor stop whistling. 'Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready?' 'No, but I've got her on a-bilin',' cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home- made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have rejected the mathematics of the soliloquy which he indulged in. 'Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, there's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever forgets to feel the symp- toms of approaching meal time. But which ever side of the question you get on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicing two and two, and makin' it versus an unknown quantity which is grub, I find by close figgerin' that grub is the syntax of life, an' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy has to cook it.' Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified trio who sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child-hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepressible, philosophical, good natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said nothing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong place. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on that terri- tory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesomeness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the owl, and the rattlesnake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might harmonise. The moon was full, and the men sat out- side the cabin, two of them taking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette caressingly between his thumb and fore- finger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. 'Bill,' said he, 'you ought to smoke; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, and save a heap o' good stove-wood.' Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle more vigorously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understanding. He always main- tained that it was against his principles to take hints. 'Yes, smoking is the most continuous and comforting amusement I know of; nothin' like it to put a man in good sperrits onless it's puttin' good sperrits in a man; and stove- wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, and diamonds, and 'Rabian steeds to the pore man. Course they go up in smoke, but they're his while they're going. If you're hungry, it's sort of soothment to the place't's aching for vituals. If yeu're alone in a howlin' wilderness it's wife, children, and friends—they go up in smoke, too, but you have 'em while they're going; and it keeps the female sect from ha'nting a lonesome bachelor.' He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked: 'Brassy, do you know why you are not like my old knife?' 'Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference between people and old knives; now, there's Bill——' Dainty jumped up and threw away his cigarette. 'Boys,' said he, 'let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat.' Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately. 'Right me lord, I'm yourn when it's wild cats you talk. And if Bill wants to go the triumvirate's agreed; if he don't—— 'He may sigh to the winds, to the Goddess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.'' He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-cut of date song in a most unmusical voice, and it might have been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which he sat; it might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He could not have told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew that prowling about in a river bottom trying to scare up 'varmints,' was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Besides, there were few diver- sions to break the monotony of the sheep- herder's existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been jocularly said of sheep-herding, 'it takes but three months to turn the strongest brain.' The saying had a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attributes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow a thousand head of bleating sheep—sheep are always bleating; day after day to see, the sun rise red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and sultry at eve. To hear, night after night,the west wind—always the west wind—blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyote. Night after night the same sounds, day after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizard and the horned-toad—always following round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep. The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the river which was about three miles from their camp. 'Boys,' again said Dainty, 'I'm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as we can.' 'Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelings is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen? Think Joaquin Murietta er Three fingered Jack's a luxuriating in the shadders of the underbrush, scented our money pockets and layin' fur us, as it were?' Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramp- ing, and not a wild cat was amiable to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's disgust. Tired out, they started home. 'Listen, don't you hear a curious sound?' said Dainty. All of them stopped and lis- tened, but only for a moment. 'Merciful God!' shouted Brassy. 'Run for your lives. It's King's River over- flowed!' They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. 'If we could only get to the slough fust,' panted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slough, impossible to cross if they could, that crack- ling, muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they had stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the middle of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Behind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift- flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them; it was so cold, —so clinging cold; and the night was so balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. 'Partners,' said Brassy, 'I reckon we're euchred this time.' 'Looks like it,' responded Bill, 'and I'm quite willing.' 'Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that was ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an' drowndin', they say, is an easy death; but to be drowned like a passel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. I might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I've lived nigh King's River long enough to be a-looking out fer a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' fer being onthoughted; but I don't like to be drowned like a miserable squir'l.' 'Partners,' said Dainty, very gently, 'if I don't get out of here, and you do, divide my sheep between you. There's none akin to me, nobody in the world to shed a tear for me if I die.' 'There mayn't be any kin to weep for you, as far as relation goes, but if anything like that happens, Bill and me'll shed enough brine over you to keep your memory from spoilin'.' 'I feel somehow that it will be that way you two will get out and I won't.' 'An' I feel, somehow, 't nary one of us ever done sich a mean trick, an' we ain't goin' to commence now. Pardners is pardners in Cahforny.' Dainty smiled a faint little smile, like a pleased child. The moon went down at last and left them in the twilight of dawn. Still the water rose, and still they clung closer to the bending sapling, Bill holding on as tight either of the others. In sheer weariness of living, we may cry out for death to come, but when it comes to us, and looks square in our faces, we would rather it waited a little longer; not much longer, maybe—perhaps only until we have accomplished one other thing that we would not leave undone—but surely just a little longer. When the first red streak of day shot down into the mountain mists and glowed through the clear atmosphere of the plains, only from shoulders up were the men above water. They watched the rosy light creep down the canons of the Sierra Nevada, and spread its intangible glow over the dark, sleeping lake, and waken the hills of the Coast Range. And then everything on the plains before them was lighted up and transformed by the peculiar mirage which was one of the char- acteristics of that region. Objects, which a moment before would have been undiscern- able with magnifying aid, stood out clear and distinct to the naked eye with a nearness that was startling. The huts of the scatter- ing sheep-camps were a city of palaces in air, streeted like Venice, with water, and with gardens and trees surrounded. The hut which stood half a mile directly beyond their camp was standing on the top of theirs with inverted roof. The sheep walked on stilts, and the legs of the cattle and horses were twenty feet long at least. Bill watched it with an interesting studying expression in his eyes. 'I doubt,' said he, 'if there is another place where these pecu- liar phenomena of mirage appear.' It was the first that either of them had spoken for more than an hour. 'I won't argy the possibleness of feenominy what-you-may-call it with you. I ain't posted, an' aint got time to hunt up the p'ints, an' I feel more like savin' my breath to float with when the water gits higher.' 'Well, I've been figuring a little mentally on the water question, and, according to my reckoning, we'll have about thirty-five min- utes before the muddy stuff gets into our nostrils.' Brassy made a grimace at this information, and Dainty closed his eyes and whiskered, 'Dear God, Thy will be done.' His face was purple-spotted with cold. Silence another five minutes; then Brassy started so perceptibly that the sapling trem- bled, and made ripples about their necks. 'I never paid as much attention to the Scriptures as I 'spose I ought to, but I reckon they're lettin' the hosses out o' the seals in heaven this mornin'. I see the black one comin' now.' 'For the love of heaven, Brassy,' cried Dainty, in a horror-shocked voice, 'don't be blasphemous now.' 'Blasfeemus, nothin'; don't it say in Reve- lations: 'And when he had opened the third seal I heard the third voice say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo, a black horse, and he that sat upon him had a pair of bal- ances in his hand.' An' I see the black hoss an' the rider with the balances; they aint lit yet. Look straight ahead of your eyes, and see 'em yourself.' They both looked as directed and beheld a most singular phenomenon. Fifteen or twenty feet above the ground, like a black cameo set in air, startlingly distinct, was a giant black horse and a black rider, with something in its hand. It was headed to- wards the river and in the attitude of a long swinging lope. As instantly as the mirage had appeared as instantly it vanished. Quicker than the wink of an eye the city of palaces dissolved into the huts of the scatter- ing sheep-camps, the sheep were brown ants running over the plain, and the colossal equine phantom of the air a moving black dot on the earth. The faces of both Bill and Dainty suddenly paled. One thought he had seen into the unseen world, the other knew he had not. 'If the rider of that hoss'd only see us,' groaned Brassy; 'if we could only hold out till he got here,' forgetting perhaps that a human head in the situation of theirs would be exceedingly difficult to distinguish from a piece of wood the same size. 'I do believe it's comin' this way, but can it get here? To be drownded like a miser- able squir'l is bad enough, but it makes it a heap wuss when rescue's so nigh.' Brassy and Dainty kept their eyes strained on the horse; Bill kept his as resolutely away; yet he knew as surely as they that it was coming toward them, and very fast. Once the horse stopped, and the rider swept the river border with a field-glass, pocketed it again, and came on faster than before. Above the roar of the water they could hear the clattering ring of the hoofs as they sent the dust and clouds flying from the brown earth. At last, with sweat-wet flanks and foam- specked mouth, Satan stopped short on the high bank of the slough, and Diana, shading her eyes with her right hand was looking straight at the faces in the water. Brassy tried to wave his hand and give a shout, but only succeeded in slushing the water in his mouth and getting himself a more insecure hold of the tree. Dainty mur- mured 'Thank God!' Bill's face turned a chalky gray. He made no other sign. Diana took in, with one swift, surveying glance, the terrible situation of the men—the dangerous floating debris, lodging against the tops of the undergrowth beneath the water, and the treacherous slough at her feet—then dashed away up the stream. Dainty looked after her with a sort of helpless resignation. Brassy heaved a great sigh. 'I wish she hadn't gone; it's no use, she never can get help here in time to do us any good. An' it'd 'a' been a sort o' conso- lation to hev her set there and see't we died brave. I tell you, boys, company in an emergency like this is a mighty sight of as- sistance to pluck. When a man's goin' to be hung he can keep his knees from knocking together with the sereneness of showin' the man't hangs him that he's grit; but to be treed and drownded in muddy water without nobody even to——By——she's coming to us, God bless her!' 'God save her,' said Dainty. A hundred yards or so above them Diana was hurriedly throwing off her boots and heaviest outer garments; slipping the bridle from the horse's ears, she slipped it down over his nose and flung it on the ground by the garments, and, sticking her heels into his flanks with the abandon of a vaquero, tried to rush him over the river bank. He snorted and reared on his hind feet, standing so straight that Diana had to clasp her hands round his neck to keep from sliding off be- hind. He was a wonderfully trained animal in spite of vicious tendencies, and he never be- fore refused to obey Diana—the river terri- fied him out of his training and loyalty. Again she tried to rush him over, and again he plunged and reared, snorting with terror and straight upon his hind feet whirled his huge body around, heading away from the river. Diana wore a large silk handker- chief round her neck; this she untied and twisted about his nose for a rein, loped him several hundred paces away, then whirled around and came dashing back at full speed. Just at the river bank she leaned forward and shouted to him something in a foreign tongue, and over they went, horse and woman into the flood, and sank in it out of sight. The men watching her forgot their own peril. It was but a moment until they rose to the surface, blowing the water from their nostrils, and struck out diagonally across the current, steadily, straight towards the heads in the water. The long black hair of the woman had tumbled down to her waist, and made a cloak for her wet white shoulders. Her arms, reached forward to guide the horse shone ivory white in the new-born sunbeams; a Nereid guiding her sea-horse back to the sea. It was slow work, the horse being un- used to swimming, but for the forethought- fulness of crossing the current diagonally downward, the attempt must have failed. Diana guided Satan by patting the side of his face, first with one hand, then with the other, caressing his neck wife, her bare per- fect arms, and talking coaxingly, encourag- ingly to him, all the time keeping his nose pointed directly towards the heads, which by that time looked like three cocoa-nuts. Nearer and nearer—she is within speaking distance—'Billy,' the voice was strangely sweet, and soft, and rich, commingling prayer and command, 'when we get even with you pull yourself on behind me.' He caught the back of the saddle, and with much difficulty pulled himself upon the horse as the strangely sweet voice had bidden him; no other word was spoken. The horse sunk a little deeper and struggled a little harder to swim with his doubled burden. At a point considerably below them the high bank flattened out and the water ran over, making a sort of swamp; to this Diana steered. The moment they touched land Bill slipped to the ground as quickly as his numbed limbs would let him. Diana handed him a small flat flask of brandy, which she took from some pocket in her queerly fashioned toilet. Their hands touched as he took it, and one instant their eyes looked into each other's. A momentary blush spread over both faces, leaving them whiter for the contrast. She started Satan back up the slough, and Bill stood grasping the little silver flask with hands too shaky to get its mouth to his. Was it the cold numbness that made him tremble so? He was a very steady-nerved man but he was very cold. The numbness and trembling got into his brain now, and a ringing in his ears, and from some far-off land, in some far-off time he heard a voice his or some other's—saying: 'We will neither of us speak to the other, nor of the other, till one of us is dead.' This time the horse made no resistance, but leaped over the bank and struck bravely out into the current. Diana guided him carefully as before, and her face was as pale and as set, but the illumination of heroic resolve had faded out of it, leaving only the patience of self-imposed duty. Relieved of Bill's weight the sapling slightly raised, and the shoulders of Brassy and Dainty were above water. How eagerly they watched the approaching Nereid; she was bringing them deliverance or more sudden death. Once the horse swerved in his course, and once the brush of a floating limb left a long red scratch on Diana's arm, when she pushed it out of their way. 'Brassy will come next; the tree will hold up the lightest man the longest,' the voice might have come from sphinx so hard and lifelessly calm it was. Brassy did not like to go first, but he thought it one of the times when 'beggars cannot be choosers'; besides, there was no time to debate the question. If they let the horse past them neither could go. And so it came, in spite of Brassy's asser- tions and with no willingness of their own, that both of Dainty's partners went out and left him. Brassy was landed safely by the side of Bill, who apparently had not moved a step. He still held the silver flask, but he did not look into Diana's face, nor did she into his. When she started back on the third perilous venture, he heard again in the ringing of his ears, the voice from that somewhere time: 'We will neither of us speak to the other, nor of the other, till one of us is dead.' Again the brave horse leaped over into the cold, still-rising flood, and horse and rider again went out of sight. They were longer coming up this time, and made the way slower and with much greater effort. Satan was tired, and Diana too. She did not speak when nearing Dainty, to tell him to get on behind her, only motioned that he should, with a wave of her hand. When they were safely started homeward Brassy could not forbear a glad shout, and flung out his draggle-sleeved arms with a joyous 'Hooraw!' In the swiftest current, not more than thirty yards from the shore, all at once the horse stopped swimming and they went down, so suddenly that Bill and Brassy rubbed their eyes, thinking their senses must have cheated them. Drowning people rise three times to the surface, these did not come up at all. Once Diana's hand pushed through the water. Bill started to it, Brassy held him back. 'Don't,Bill, it's no use; if you er me could 'a' swum out o' that flood we wouldn't 'a' staid in till the marrow froze in our bones.' Bill fought to get free, and in the scuffle both came near falling into the slough. 'Stid o' fighting like two fools we'd better be rustlin' up somebody an' somethin' to git 'em out.' Bill's hands dragged limply at his sides. 'You're right, it's no use; go for help, I'll stay and watch for them.' Many hours afterward men came with a wagon, and boat, and grappling hooks, and dragged for them, but not until the flood abated were the bodies found. Dainty was hauled out first; when Brassy saw him a queer little cry escaped him. He took his old partner's head in his hands, and the tears ran streaming down his cheeks; it was probably the first time in his life that he could not speak. Diana was brought out next, and laid on the hot sand by the side of Dainty. The water had washed her hair down on each side of her head, crossed it under her chin, and swathed it round her neck, making a dripping black frame for her face. Could ever that white, peaceful face have darkened with distorting passion, or those faintly smiling lips but a week ago have betted at a horse-race, and sworn at a sheep-herder for beating his dog? Thou art a mighty artist, Death! Bill stood silently looking down upon her; suddenly a trembling seized him, like a dumb animal that has been struck a blow over its brain. Out of that far-off life he heard his own voice saying: "We will neither of us speak to the other, nor of the other, till one of us is dead.' 'Diana, Diana!' the words were a pitying cry, hoarse and full of pain; perhaps none but the dead heard. The men were very busy. The bodies were buried on a large knoll, not far from the spot where they were dragged from the river—Diana and Dainty, with their heads to the west, and Satan between them, with head to the north. At the head of Diana's grave Bill put up a redwood cross on which he carved with his knife, and stained the letters red, 'Diana.' And under the lonely name these lines;— 'In every form of the human Some hint of the highest dwells.' It was all over at last, except the night- mare horror of it; and Bill and Brassy again sat out in the moonlight by their cabin. Bill leaned against the wall, but did not whittle. Brassy wrestled with the old pipe until he could not any longer endure the silence, and blurted out his thoughts:—'I wonder what made her do it!' Slowly Bill answered:— 'She used to be my wife.' Madge Morris. In the Argonaut. 