The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOHAB INGOLDSBY, ESQ. THE SPECTEE OF TAPPINGTON. v " IT is very odd, though ; what can have become of them ? " said Charles Seaforth, as he peeped under the valance of an old-fashioned bedstead, in an old-fashioned apartment of a still more old-fashioned manor-house ; " " " confoundedly odd, and I can't make it outsat all. Why Barney, where are they?—and where the d—1 are you ? " Ko answer was returned to thÎB appeal ; and the lieutenant, who was, in the main, a reason' able person—at least as reasonable a person as any young gentleman of twenty-two in " the service" can fairly be expected to be—cooled when he reflected that his servant could scarcely reply extempore to a summons which it was impossible he should hear. An application to the bell was the considerate result ; and the footsteps of as tight & lad as ever put pipe-clay to belt sounded along the gallery. " Come in ! " said his master. An ineffectual attempt upon the door reminded Mr. Seaforth that he bad locked himself in. " By Heaven ! this is the oddest thing of all," said he, as he turned the key and admitted Mr. Maguire into his dormitory. " Barney, where are my pantaloons ?' " Is it the breeches ? " asked the valet, casting an inquiring eye round the apartment j ** is it the breeches, sir ? " " Yes ; what have you done with them ? " "Sure then your honour had them on when you went to bed, and it's hereabout they'll be, I'll be bail ; " and Barney lifted a fashionable tunic from a cane-backed arm-chair, proceeding in his examination. But the search was vain : there was the tunic aforesaid ; there was a. smart-looking kerseymere waistcoat ; but the most important article in a gentleman's wardrobe was still wasting. " Where can they be ?" asked the master, with a strong accent on the auxiliary verb. " Sorrow a know I knows," said the man. " It muBt have been the devil, then, after all, who has been here and carried them off ! " cried Seaforth, staring full into Barney's face. Mr. Maguire was not devoid of the superstition of his countrymen, bat be looked as if he did not subscribe to the sequitur. His master read incredulity in his countenance. " Why, I tell you, Barney, I put them there, on that arm-chair, when I got into bed ; and, by Heaven ! I distinctly saw the ghost of the old fellow they told me of, come in at midnight, put on my pantaloons, and walk away with, them." "May be so," was the cautious reply. " I thought, of course, it was a dream ; bat then—where the d—1 are the breeches ? " The question was more easily asked than answered. Barney renewed his search, while the lieutenant folded his arms, and, leaning against the toilet, sunk into a reverie. "After all, it must be some trick of my laughter-loving cousins." said Seaforth. "Ah! then, the ladies !" chimed in Mr. Maguire, though the observation was not addressed to him ; " and will it be Miss Caroline or Mise Fanny that's stole your honour's things ? " "I hardly know what to think of it," pursued the bereaved lieutenant, still speaking in soliloquy, with his eye resting dubiously on the chamber-door. " I locked myself in, that's certain ; and—but there must be some other entrance to the room—pooh 1 I remember— the private staircase ; how could I be such a fool ? " and he crossed the chamber to where a low oaken doorcase was dimly visible in a distant corner. He paused before it. Nothing now interfered to screen it from observation ; but it bore tokens of having been at some earlier period concealed by tapestry, remains of which yet clothed the walls on either side the portal. "This way they must have come," said Seaforth ; " I wish with all my heart I had caught them ! " " Och ! the kittens ! " signed Mr. Barney Maguire. But the mystery was yet as far from being solved as before. True, there was the " other door ; " but then that, too, on examination, was even more firmly secured than the one which opened on the gallery,—two heavy bolts on the inside effectually prevented any coup de main on the lieutenant's bivouac from that quarter. He was more puzzled than ever ; nor did the minutest inspection of the walls and floor throw any light upon the subject ; one thing only WSB clear,—the bieeches were gone ! Eaid the lieutenant. "It is very singular," Tappington (generally called Tapton) Everard is an antiquated but commodious manorhouse in the eastern division of the county of Kent. A former proprietor had been Highsheriff in the days of Elizabeth, and many a dark and dismal tradition was yet extant of the licentiousness of his life, and the enormity of his offences. The Glen, which the keeper's daughter was seen to enter, but never known to quit, still frowns darkly as of yore; while an ineradicable bloodstain on the oaken stair yet bids defiance to the united energies of soap and sand. But it is with one particular apartment that a deed of mure especial atrocity is said to be connected. A Etranger guest—BO runs the legend—arrived unexpectedly at the mansion of the " Bad Sir Giles." They met in apparent friendship ; but the ill-concealed scowl on their master's brow told the domestics that the visit was not a welcome one ! the banquet, however, was not spared ; the wine-cup circulated freely,— too freely, perhaps,—for sounds of discord at length reached the ears Of even the excluded serving-men, as they were doing their best to imitate their betters in the lower halL Alarmed, some of them ventured to approach the parlour ;one, an old and favoured retainer of the house, went so far as to break in upon his master's privacy. Sir Giles, already high in oath, fiercelyenjoined his absence, and he retired ; not, however, before he had distinctly heard from the stranger's lips a menace that " There was that within his pocket which could disprove the knight's right to issue that or any other command within the walls of Tapton."- The intrusion, though momentary, seemed to have produced a beneficial effect ; the voices of the disputants fell, and the conversation was carried on thenceforth in a more subdued tone, till, as evening closed in, the domestics, when summoned to attend with lights, found not only cordiality restored, but that a still deeper carouse was meditated. Fresh stoups, and from the choicest bins, were produced ; nor was it till at a late, or rather early hour, that the revellers sought their chambers. The one alloted to the stranger occupied the first floor of the eastern angle of the building, and had once been the favourite apartment of Sir Giles himself. Scandal ascribed this preference to the facility which a private staircase, communicating with the grounds, had afforded him, in the old knight's time of following bis wicked courses unchecked by parental observation ; a consideration which ceased to be of weight vhen the death of his father left him uncontrolled master of his estate and actions. From that period SirG iles had established himself in what were called the " state apartments," and the " oaken chamber " was rarely tenanted, save on occasions of extraordinary festivity, or when the yule log drew an unusually large accession of guests around the Christmas hearth. On this eventful night it was prepared for the unknown visitor, who sought his couch heated and inflamed from his midnight orgies, and in the morning was found in his bed a swollen and blackened corpse. No marks of violence appeared upon the body ; but the livid hue of the lips, and certain darkcoloured spots visible on the skin, aroused suspicions which those who entertained them were too timid to express. Apoplexy, induced by the excesses of the preceding night, Sir Giie's confidential leech pronounced to be the cause of his sudden dissolution. The body was buried in peace ; and though some shook their heads as they witnessed the haste with which the funeral riteswere hurried on, none ventured to murmur. Other events arose to distract the attention of the retainers ; men's minds became occupied by the stirring politics of the day ; while the near approach of that formidable Armida, so vainly arrogating to itself a title which the very elements joined with human valour to disprove, soon interfered to weaken, if not obliterate, all remembrance of the nameless stranger who had died within the walls of Tapton Ëverard. Tears rolled on : the "Bad Sir Giles " had himself long since gone to hiB account, the last, as it waB believed, of his immediate line ; though a few of the older tenants were sometimes heard to speak of an elder brother, who had disappeared in early life, and never inherited the estate. Rumours, too, of his having left a son in foreign lands, were at one time rife ; but they died away, nothing oceuring to support them : the property passed unchallenged to a collateral branch of the family, and the secret, If eecret there were, was buried in Denton churchyard, in the lonely grave of the mysterious Btranger. One cir- cumstance alone occurred, after a long-inter- \vening period, to revive the memory of these transactions. Some workmen employed in grabbing an old plantation, for the purpose of raising on its site a modem shrubbery, dug up. in the execution'of their task, the mildewed remnants of what seemed to have tureen once a garment. On more minutfe. inspection, enough remained of Bilken slashes and* coarse «mbroicjeiy, to identify the relics iormfedpartof a pair- of trunk whiles few'paperswhich fell from altogether illegible from damp and age, v >y_tbB^rHearnfcd<%a6tic8 conveyed fa the then'owner of thë estate. Whether the squire was more successful in deciphering them was never known ; he certainly never alluded to their contents ; and little would have been thought of the matter but for the inconvenient memory of one old woman, who declared she heard her grandfather say, that when the " stranger guest " was poisoned, though all the rest of his clothes were there, his breeches, the supposed repository of the supposed documents, could never be found. The master of Tapton Everard smiled when he heard Dame Jones's hint of deeds which might impeach the validity of his own title in favour of some unknown descendant of some unknown heir ; and the story was rarely alluded to, save by one or two miraclemongers, who had heard that others had seen the ghcst of old Sir Giles, in his night-cap, issue from the postern, enter the adjoining copse, and wring his shadowy hands in agony, as he seemed to search vainly for something hidden amongst the evergreens. The stranger's death-room had, of course, been occasionally haunted from the time of his decease ; but the periods of visitation had latterly become very rare—even Mrs. Botherby, the housekeeper, being forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the manor, she had never "met with anything worse than herself-; " though, as the old lady afterwards added upon more mature reflection, "I must say I think I saw the devil once" Such was the legend attached to Tapton Everard, and such the Btory which the lively Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial cousin Charles Seaforth, lieutenant in the Hon. East India Company's second regiment of Bombay Fencibles, as arm-in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with some dozen grim-looking ancestral portraits, and, among others, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. The gallant commander had that very morning paid his firstvisit to the house of his maternal uncle, after an absence of several years passed with lus regiment on the arid plains of Hindostan, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He bad gone out a boy—he returned a man ; but the impression made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he sought the home of his widowed mother—comforting himself in this breach of filial decorum by the reflection that, as the manor was so little out of his way, it would be unkind to pass, as it were, the door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few hours. But lie found his uncle as hospitable, and his cousin more charming than ever ; and the looks of one, and the requests of the other, soon precluded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the " few hours " into a few days, though the house was at the moment full of visitors. The Pefcerses were there from Ramsgate ; and Mr., Mrs., and the two Miss Simpkinsons, from Bath, had come to pass a month with the family ; and Tom Ingoldsby h?d brought down his college friend the Honourable Augustus Sucklet-humbkin, with his groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting. And then there was Mrs. Ogleton, the rich young widow, with her large black eyes, who, people did say, was setting her cap at the young Equire, th' ugh Mrs. Botherby did not believe it ; and, above all, there was Mademoiselle Pauline, her femme de chambre, who mon Diett'd " everything and every body, and cried " Quel horreur!" at Mrs. Botherby's cap. In short, to use the last-named and muchreepected lady's own expression, the houBe was "choke-full" to the very attics—all Eave the "oaken chamber," which, as the lieutenant expressed a most magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwith appropriated to his particular accommodation. Mr. Maguire meanwhile was fain to share the apartment of Oliver Dobbs, the squire's own man : a jocular proposal of joint occupancy having been firstindignantly rejected by " Mademoiselle," though preferred with the " las te taste in life " of Mr. Barney's most insinuating brogue. "Come, Charles, the urn is absolutely get- ting cold ; your breakfast will be quite spoiled ; what can have made you so idle ? " Such was the morning salutation of Miss Ingoldsby to the militaire as he entered the breakfast-ioom half-an-hour after the latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, to make an appointment with," chimed in MisB Frances. " What is to become of our ramble to ,the rocks before breakfast ? " "Oh! the young men never think of keeping a promise now," said Mrs. Peters, a little ferret-faced woman with underdone eyes. "When I was a young man," said Mr. Peters, "I remember I always made a point of " " Pray how long ago waE that ? " asked Mr. Simpkinson from Bath. " Why, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I was—let me see—I was " "Do pray hold your tongue, P., and eat your breakfast ! " interrupted his better half, who had a mortal horror of chronological references ; " it's very rude to tease people with your family affairs." The lieutenant had by this time taken his seat in eilence—a good-humoured nod, and a glance, half-smiling, half-inquisitive, being the extent of his salutation. Smitten as he was, and in the immediate presence of her who had made so large a bole in his heart, his manner was evidently distrait, which the fair Caroline in her secret s«. ul attributed to his being solely accupied by her agrémens: how would she have bridled had she known that they only shared his meditations with a pair of breeches! Charles drank his coffee end spiked some half-dozen eggs, darting occasionally a penetrating glance at the ladies, in hope of detecting the supposed waggery by the evidence of Bome furtive smile or conscious look. But in vain ; not a dimple moved indicative to roguery, nor did the slightest elevation of eyebrow rise confirmative of his suspicions. Hints and insinuations passed unheeded— more particular inquiries were out of the question :—the subject was unapproachable. In the meantime, " patent cords " were just the thing for a morning's ride ; and, breakfast ended, away cantered the party over the downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the beauties, animate and inanimate, which surrounded him, [Lieutenant Seaforth, of the Bombay Fencibles, bestowed no more thought upon his breeches than if he had been born on the top of Ben Lomond. Another night had passed away ; the sun rose brilliantly, forming with his level beams a splendid rainbow in the far-ofl west, whither the heavy cloud, which for the last two hours had been pouring its waters on the earth, was now flyingbefore him. s " Ah ! then, and it's little good it'll be the claning of ye," apostrophised Mr. Barney s Maguire, as he deposited, in front of his t master's toilet, a pair of " bran- new " jockey t boots, one of Hoby's primest fits, which the c lieutenant had purchased in his way through town. On that very morning had they come for the first timeunder the valet's depurating hand, so little soiled, indeed, from the turfy ride of the preceding day, that a less scrupulous domestic might, perhaps, have considered the application of " Warren's Matchless," or oxalic acid, altogether superfluous. Not so Barney : with the nicest care had he removed the slightest impurity from each- polished surface, and there they stood, rejoicing in iheir sable radiance. No wonder a pang shot across Mr. Maguire's breast, as he thought on the work now cutoutfor them, so different from the light labours of the day before ; no wonder he murmured with a sigh, as the scarce dried window-panes disclosed a road now inch-deep in mud. "Ah ! then, it's little good the claning of ye ! "—for weli had he learned in the hall below that eight miles of a stiff clay soil lay between the manor and Bolsover Abbey, whose picturesque ruins, - " Like ancient Bome, majestic in decay," the party had determined to explore. The master had .already commenced dressing, and die man was fitting straps upon a light pair of crane-necked spurs, when his hand was arrested by the old question — " Barney, where are the breeches ? " They were nowhere to be found I Mr. Seaforth descended that morning, whip in hand, and equipped in a handsome green riding-frock, bat no " breeches and boots to match " were there : loose jean trousers, surmounting a pair of diminutive Wellingtons, embraced, somewhat incongruously, his nather man, vice the " patent cords," returned, like yesterday's pantaloons, absent without leave. The " top-boots " had a holiday. ' A fine morning after the rain," eaid lb*. Simpkinson from Bath. J "Just the thing for the 'ops," eaid Mr. Peters. " I remember when I was a boy " "Do hold your 'tongue, P.," said...Mrs. Peters—advice which dbwib exemplary mnron was in the constant habitrô administering to "her P.," as she called him, whenever he prepared to vent his reminiscences. Her précise reason for this it would be difficult to determine, unless, indeed, the story be true whicha little bird had whispered-jnto, Mrs. Botherby's ear—Mr. Peters, though ii'ow a Wealthy man, had received a liberal education at a charity school, and was apt to recur to the days ofjiis muffin-cap and jeathers. nBUHl, "he took Ids wife's hint in good part, agd " jgaysèd in his reply." « A'glorious day for the ruins," said young Ingoldsby. " But Charles, what the deuce are you about ? Tou don't mean to ride through our lanes in such toggery as that * " " Lassy me 1 " said Miss Julia Simpkinson, " won't you be very wet ? " " Tou had better take Tom's cab," quoth the squire. But this proposition was at once overruled"; Mrs. Ogleton had already nailed the cab, a vehicle of all others the best adapted for a snug flirtation. '•Or drive Miss Julia in the phaeton? No ; that was the post of Mr. Peters, who, indifferent as an equestrian, had acquired Bome fame as a whip while travelling through the midland counties for the firm of Bjgshaw, Snivelby, and Ghrimes. Thank you, I shall ridewith my cousinB, said Charles, with as much nonchalance as he could assume—and he did so ; Mr. Ingoldsby, Mrs. Peters, Mr. Simpkinson from Bath, and his eldest daughter with her album,, following in the family coach. The gentleman-commoner "voted the affair d—r< slow," and declined the party altogether in favour of the gamekeeper and a cigar. "There was 'no fun ' in looking at old houses ! " Mrs. Simpkinson preferred a short séjour in the stillroom with MIB. Botherby, who had promised to initiate her in that grand arcanum, the transmutation of gooseberry jam into Guava jelly. " Did you ever see an old abbey before, Mr. Peters?" " Tes, miss, a French one ; we have got one at Hamsgate ; he teaches the Miss Joneses to parley-voo, and is turned of sixty." Miss Simpkinson closed her album with au air of ineffable disdain. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath was a professed antiquary, and one of the firstwater ; he was master of Gwfllim's Heraldry, and Mills's History of the Crusades ; knew every plate in the Monasticon ; had written an essay on the origin and dignity of the office of overseer, and settled the date of a Queen Anne's farthing. An influential member of the Antiquarian Society, to whose "Beauties of Bagnigge Wells " he had been a liberal sub scriber, procured him a seat at the board of that learned body, since which happy epoch SylvanuB Urban had not a more indefatigable correspondent. His inaugural essay on the President's cocked hat was considered a miracle of erudition ; and his account of the earliest application of gilding to gingerbread, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His eldest daughter was of a kindred spirit : if her father's mantle had not fallen upon her, it waB only because he had not thrown it off himself ; she had caught hold of its tail, however, while it yet bung upon his honoured shoulders. To souls so congenial, what a sight was the magnificent ruin of Bolsover ! its broken arches, its mouldering pinnacles, and the airy tracery of its half-demolished windows. The party were in raptureB ; Mr. Simpkinson begau to meditate an essay, and his daughter an ode ; even Seaforth, as he gazed on these lonely relics of the olden time, was betrayed into a momentary forgetfulness of his love and losses ; the widow's eye-glass turned from her cicisbeo's whiskers to the mantling ivy ; Mrs. Peters wiped her spectacles; and "her P." supposed the central tower " had once been the csunty jail." The squire was a philosopher, and had been there often before, so he ordered out the cold tongue and chickens. " Bolsover Priory," said Mr. Simpkinson, with the air of a connoisseur—" Bolsover Priory was founded in the reign of Henry the Sixth, about the beginning of the eleventh century. Hugh de Bolsover had accompanied that monarch to the Holy Land, in the expedition undertaken by way of penance for the c murder of his yourg nephews in the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the veteran was enfeoffed in the lands and manor, to which be gave his own name of Bowlsover, or Bee-owlB-over (by corruption Bolsover)—a Bee in chief, over three Owls, all proper, being the armorial ensigns borne by this distinguished crusader at the siege of Acre." " Ah ! that was Sir Sydney Smith," said Mr. Peters ; I've heard tell of him, and all about Mrs. Partington, and " " P. be quiet, and don't expose yourself ! " sharply interrupted his lady. P. was silenced, and betook himself to the bottled stout. "These lands," continued the antiquary, ; "were held in grand serjeantry by the presentation of three white owls and a pot of honey " " Lassy me ! how nice ! " said MOBS Julia. Mr. Peters licked his lips. " Pray give me leave, my dear—owls and honey, whenever the king should come a ratcatching into this part of the country." " Hat- catching ! " ejaculated the equire, pausing abruptly in the mastication of a drumstick. "To be sure, my dear sir : don't you remember that rats once came under the forest laws—a minor species of venison ? ' Hats and mice, and such small deer,' eh ?—Shakspeare, you know. Our ancestors ate rats ;" ("The nasty fellows ! " shuddered Miss Julia, in a parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital mousers " " I've seen a howl," said Mr. Peters ; " there's one in the Sohological Gardens,—a little hook-nosed chap in a wig—only its feathers and " Poor P. was destined never to finish a " Bo be quiet ! " cried the authoritative voice ; and the would-be naturalist shrank into his shell like a snail in the " Sohological Gardens." "Tou should read Blount's 'Jocular Tenures/ Mr. Ingoldsby," pursued Simpkinson. "A learned man was Blount! Why, sir, His Eoyal Highness the Duke of York once paid a silver horse-shoe to Lord Ferrers " I've heard of him," broke in the incorrigible Peters ; " he was hanged at the Old Bailey in a silk rope for shooting Dr. Johnson." The antiquary vouchsafed no notice of the interruption ; but, to king a pinch of snuf£ continued his harangue. "A silver horse-shoe, sir, which is due from every scion of royalty who rides across one of his manors ; and, if you look into the penny county histories, now publishing by an eminent friend of mine, you will find that Langhale, in Co. Norf., was held by one Baldwin per solium, suffatum, et pettvm; that is, he was to come every Christmas into Westminster Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem ! and " " Mr. Simpkinson, a glass of sherry ? " cried Tom Ingoldsby, hastily. " Not any, thank you, sir. This Baldwin, umamed Le " " Mrs. Ogleton challenges you, Btr ; she inists upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at he same time filling a glass, and forcing it on he sçavant, who, thus arrested in the very risis of his narrative, received and swallowed the potation as if it had been physic. " What on earth has Miss Simpkinson discovered there? " continued Tom : "something of interest. See how fast she is writing." The diversion was effectual ; every one looked towards Miss Simpkinson, who, far too ethereal for " creature comforts," was seated apart on the dilapidated remains of an altartomb, committing eagerly to paper somethidg that bad strongly impressed her ; the air—the eye in a fine frenzy rolling, all betokened that the divine afflatus was c >me. Her father rose, and stole silently towards her. " What an old boar ! " muttered young Ingoldsby ; alluding, perhaps, to a slice of brawn which be had just begun to operate upon, but which, from the celerity with which it disappeared, did not seem so very difficult of mastication. But what had become of Seaforth and Ins fair Caroline all this while ? Why, it so happened that they had been simultaneously stricken with the picturesque appearance of on a of those high and pointed arches, which that eminent antiquary, Mr.-Horseley Curties, has described in his "Ancient Records," as " a Gothic window of the Saxcrn order ; " and then the ivy clustered BO thickly and so beautifully on the other side, that they went round to look at that ; and then their proximity deprived it of half its effect, and so they walked across to a little knoll, a hundred yards ofi^ and in crossing a small ravine, they came to what in Ireland they call "a bad step," and Charles had to carry his couein over it; and then when they had to come back, she would not give him the trouble again for the world, so they followed a better but more circuitous route, and there were hedges and ditches in the way, and stiles to get oyer, and gates to get through, so that an hour or more bad elapsed before they were able to rejoin the party. " Lassy me ! " eaid Mist; Julia Simpkinson, " how long you have been gone ! " Anf just smréll ara vàty^tatoral ëàfc gone a had : and what do you think it was all about, my dear mÎBS I "O, lassy me! love, no douj^,, and the moon, and eyes, and nightingales,* ar* ——" yoangTad* M»e fervourJOÏ ^our;£eeling3 run: s *yoo ? i I do ni»t pretend fë ay, in! one or mage of these prettysubje «pt have been 'jttroduced j' but t£e portant and leading topic of the; conference was—Lieutenant Seaforth's breeches. w K h " Caroline," Carnlin*».*' eaid n»M Charles, f^hni-lon " I T have tiAVA had liofî some anmo very odd dreams since I have been at Tappington." " Dreams, hive you ? " smiled the young lady, archiug her taper neck like a swan in plu ming. " Dreams, have you ? " " Ay, dreams,—or dream, perhaps, I should say; for, though repeated, it was still the same. And what do you imagine waB its subject ? " "It is impossible for me to divine," said the tongue ;—" I have not the least difficulty in guessing," said the eye, as plainly as ever eye spoke. " I dreamt of—your great grandfather ? " There was a change in the glance—"My great grandfather ! " '* Yes, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, you told me about the other day : he walked into my bedroom in his short cloak of murreycoloured velvet, his long rapier, and lids Raleigh-looking hat and feather, just as the picture represents him ; but with one exception." " And what was that ? " " Why, his lower extremities, which were visible, were those of a skeleton." " Well ? " " Well, after taking a turn or two about the room, And looking round with a wistful air, he came to the bed's foot, stared at me in a manner impossible to describe,—and then he—he laid hold of my pantaloons ; whipped his long bony legs into them in a twinkliag ; and strutting up to the glass, seemed to view himself in it with great complacency. I tried to speak, but in vain. The eff rt, however seemed to excite his attention ; for wheeling about, he showed me the grimmest-looking death's head you can well imagine, and with an indescribable grin strutted out of the room." " Absurd ! Charles. How can you talk such nonsense ? " " But, Caroline,—the breeches are really gone." On the following morning, contrary to his usual custom, Seaforth was the firstperson in the breakfast-parlour. As no one else was present, he did precisely what nine young men out of ten so situated would have done ; he walked up to the mantel-piece, established himself upon the rug, and subducting his coattails one under each arm, turned towards the fire that portion of the human frame which it is considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A serious, not to say anxious, expression was visible upon his good-humoured countenance, and lus mouth was fast buttoning itBelf up for an incipient whistle, when little Flo, a tiny epaniel of the Blenheim breed,—the pet object of Miss Julia Simpkinson's affections,—bounced out from beneath a sofa, and began to bark at— his pantaloons. They were cleverly "built," of a lightgrey mixture, a broad stripe of the most vivid scarlet traversing each seam in a perpendicular directioa from hip to ankle—in Bhort, the regimental costume of the Royal Bombay Fencibles The animal, educated in the country, had never seen such a pair of breeches in her life—Omne ignotum pro magnijico I The scarlet streak, inflamed as it was by the reflection of the fire,seemed to act on Flora's nerves as the same colour does on* those of bulls and turkeys ; she advanced at the pas de charge, and her vociferation, like her amazement, was unbounded. A sound kick from the disgusted officer changed it character, and induced a retreat at the very moment when the mistress of the pugnacious quadruped entered to the rescue. " Lassy me ! Flo, what is the matter ? " ried the sympathizing lady, with a scrutinizing glance levelled at the gentleman It might as well have lighted on a featherbed. His air of imperturbable unconsciousness defied examination ; and as he would not, and Flora could not, expound, that injured individual was compelled to pocket up her wrongs. Others of the household soon dropped io, and clustered round the board dedicated to the most sociable of meals ; the urn was paraded "hissing hot," and the cups which cheer, but not inebriate," steamed redolent of hyson and pekoe ; muffins and marmalade, newspapers and Finnon haddies, left <ittle room for observation on the character of Charles's warlike " turn-out." At length a look from Caroline, followed by a smile that nearly ripenedto a titter,caused him to turn abruptly and address his neighbour. It was Miss Simpkinson, who, deeply engaged in sipping her tea and turning over her album, seemed, like a female Chrononotonthologos, ' immersed in cogibundity of cogitation." An interrogatory on the subject of her studies drew from her the confession that she was at that moment employed in putting the finishing touches to a poem inspired by the romantic shades of Bolsover. The entreaties of the company were of course urgent. Mr. Peters, who " liked verses," was especially persevering, and Sappho at length compliant. After a preparatory hem ! and a glance at the mirror to ascertain that her look was sufficiently sentimental, the poetess began :— " There is a calm, a holy feeling, Vulgar minds can never know. O'er the bosom softly stealing, Chasten'd grief, delicious woe ! Oh i how sweet at eve regaining Yon lone tower's sequester'd shade-— Sadly mute and uncomplaining—" —Tow !—yeough !—yeough !—yow !—yow ! yelled a hapless sufferer from beneath the table. It was an unlucky hoar for quadrupeds ; and if "every dog will have his day," he could not have selected a more unpropitiouB une than this. Mrs. Ogleton, too, had a pet—a favourite pug — whose squab figure, black muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, that curled like a he«d of celery in a salad-bowl, bespoke his Dutch extraction. Tow ! yow ! yow ! continued the brute — a chorus in which Flo instantly joined. Sooth to say, pug had more reason to express his dissatisfaction than was given him by the muse of Simpkinson ; the other only barked for company. Scarcely had the poetess got through her firststanza, when Tom Ingoldsby, in the enthusiasm of the moment, became so lost to the material world, that, in his abstraction, he unwarily laid his hand on the cock of the urn. Quivering with emotion, he gave it such an unlucky twist, that the full stream of its scalding contents descended on the gingerbread hide of the unlucky Cupid. The confusion was complete ; the whole economy of the table disarranged— the company broke up in most admired disorder—and " vulgar minds will never know " anything more of Miss Simpkinson's ode till they peruse it in some forthcoming AnnuaL Seaforth profited by the confusion to take the delinquent who had caused this "stramash" by the arm, and to lead him to the lawn, where he had a word or two for his private ear. The conference between the young gentlemen was neither brief in its duration nor unimportant in its result. The subject was what the lawyers call tripartite, embracing the information that Charles Seaforth was over head and ears in love with Tom Ingoldebj's sister ; secondly, that the lady had referred him to " papa" for his sanction ; thirdly and lastly, his nightly visitations and consequent bereavement. At the two first items Tom smiled auspiciously—at the last he burst out into an absolute " guffaw." "Steal your breeches ! Miss Bailey over again, by Jove!" shouted Ingoldsby. •* But a gentleman, you say—and Sir Giles too. 1 am not sure, Charles, whether I ought not to call you out for aspersing the honour of the family." " Laugh as you will, Tom—be as incredulous as you please. One fact is incontestable— the breeches are gone ! Look here — I am reduced to my regimentals ; and if these go to-morrow I muse borrow of you !" Rochfoucault says, there is something in the misfortunes of our very best friends that does not displease us ; certainly we can, most of us, laugh at their petty inconveniences, till called upon to supply them. Tom composed his features on the instant ; and replied with more gravity, as well as with an expression, which, if my Lord Mayor had been within hearing, might have cost him ûje shillings. " There is something very queer in this, after all. The .clothes, you say, have positively disappeared. Somebody is playing you a trick ; and, ten to one, your servant has a hand in it. By the way, I heard something yesterday of his kicking up a bobbery in the kitchen, and seeing à ghost, or something of that kind, himhelif. Depend upon it, Barney is in the plot." It striick the lieutenant at once thàt the usually buoyant spirits of his attendant had of late been materially sobered down,' lus Al loquacity obviously circumscribed, and that he, the stud lieutenant, had actually rung his «ÉBP tgoira^jfe $onld TSfcguiFe was forthwith BummonecC and underwent a close examination. The '^bobbery was easily explains " hinted his disapprol ing on between the and the Lady Mademoiselle boxi Mr. Maguire poll kfiee, and the lad And Mr. Oliver Do! and Mrs. Botherby said it was scandalous, d what ought not to be done in any mora' kitchen Hf^ilian ;• and on/1 Mr. Un Maguire If : had 1 3 got Ll hold 1J of the .1.. Honourable Augustus Sucklethumbkin's powder-flask, and had put large pinches of the best double Dartford into Mr. Dobbs's tobaccobox ; and Mr. Dobbs's pipe had exploded, and set fireto Mrs. Botherby's Sunday cap ; and Mr. Maguire had put it oub with the slopbasin, '"barring the wig;" and then they were all so " cantankerous," that Barney had gone to tike a walk in the garden ; and then —then Mr. Bi.rney had seen a ghost ! " A what ? you blockhead ! " asked Tom Ingoldsby. " Sure, then, and it's meBelf will tell your honour the rightsof it," said the gfao3t-seer. " Meself and Miss Pauline, sir,—or Miss Pauline and meself. for the ladies cime first any how,—we got tired of the holistroppylous skrimmaging among the ould servants, that didn't know a joke when they seen one : and we went out to look at the comet,—that's the Rory Bory-alehouse, they calls him in this country—and we walked upon the lawn,— and divel of any alehouse there was there at all ; and Miss Pauline said it was becase of the shrubbery may be, and why wouldn't we see it better beyoust the trees I and so we went to the trees, but sorrow a comet did meself see there, barring a big ghost instead of it." "A ghost? And what Bort of a ghost, Barney ? " " Och, then, divel a lie I'll tell your honour. A tall ould gentleman he was, all in white, with a shovel on his shoulder, and a big torch in his fist,—thoughwhat he wanted with that it's meself cin't tell, for his eyeB were like gill-lamps, let alone the moon and the comet, which wasn't there at all : and ' Barney,' says he to me,—'cause why be knew me,— ' Barney,' says he, * what is it your'e doing with the colleen there, Barney ? '—Divel a word did I say. Miss Pauline screeched, and cried murther in French, and ran oft with herself ; and of course meself was in a mighty hurry after the lady, and had no time to su>p palavering with bim any way : so I dispersed at once, and the ghost vanished in a flameof fire ! " Mr. Maguire's account <ra3 received with avowed incredulity by both gentlemen ; but Barney stuck "to his text with unflinching pertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was suggested, but abandoned, as neither party bad a taste for delicate investigations. "I'll tell you what, Seaforth," said Ingoldsby after Barney had received his dismissal, " that there is a trick here, is evident ; and Barney's vision may possibly be a part of it. Whether he is most knave or fool, you best know. At all events, I will sit up with you to-night, and see if I can convert my ancestor into a visiting acquaintance. Meanwhile, your finger on your lip ! " " Twas now the very -witching time of night, •When churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead." Gladly would I grace my tala with decent horror, and therefore I do beseech the " gentle reader " to belie se, that if all the succedanea to this mysterious narrative are not in strict keeping, he will ascribe it only to the disgraceful innovations of modern degeneracy upon the sober and dignified habits of our ancestors. I can introduce him, it is true, into an old and high-roofed chamber, its walls covered on three sides with black oak wainscoting, adorned with carvings of fruit and flowers long anterior to those of Grinling Gibbons ; the fourth side is clothed with a curious remnant of dingy tapestry, once elucidatory of some Scriptural hintory, but of which not even Mrs. Botherby could determine. Mr. Simpkinson, who had examined it carefully, inclined to believe the principal figure to be either Bathsheba, or Daniel in th9 lions' den ; while Tom Ingoldsby decided in favour of the king of Bashan. All, however, was conjecture, tradition being silent on the subject. A lofty arched portal led into, and a little arched portal led out of, this apartment ; they were opposite each other, and both pos- sessed the security of massy bolts on the interior. The bedstead, too, was not one of yeBterday, but manifestly coeval with days ere Seddons was, and when a good four-post " article ' was deemed worthy of being a royal bequest. The bed itself, with all the appurtenances of pallasse, mattresses, &c.;, was of far later date, and looked most incongruously comfortable ; the casements, too, with their little diamond-shaped panes and iron binding had given way to the modern heterodoxy of the sash-window. Nor was this all that conspired to ruin the costume, and render the room a meet haunt for such " mixed spirits " only as could condescend to don at the same time an Elizabethan doublet and Bond- street inexpressibles. With their green morocco slippers on a modern fender, in front of a disgracefully modern grate, sat two young gentlemen, clad in shawl-pattern " dressing-gowns and black wife stocks, much at variance with the high cane-backed chairs which supported them. A bunch of abomination, called a cigar, reeked in the left-hand corner of the mouth of one, and in the light-hand corner of the mouth of the other—an arrangement happily adapted for the escape of the noxious fumes up the chimney, without that unmerciful " funking" each other, which a less scientific disposition would have induced. A small pembroke table filled up the intervening space between them, sustaining, at each extremity, an elbow and a glass of toddy ; and thus in " lonely pensive contemplation " were the two worthies occupied, when the "iron tongue of midnight had tolled twelve." " Ghost time's come ! " said Ingoldsby, taking from his waistcoat pocket a watch like a gold half-crown, and consulting it as though he suspected the turret-clock over the stables of mendacity. " Hush ! " said Charles ; "did I not hear a footstep ? " There was a pause—there was a footstepit sounded distinctly—it reached the doorit hesitated, stopped, and passed on. Tom darted across the room, threw open the door, and became aware of Mrs. Botherby toddling to her chamber at the other end of the gallery, after dosing one of the housemaids with an approved julep from the Countess of Kent's " Choice Manual.' " Good-night, sir ! " said Mrs. Botherby. " Go to the d—1 ! " said the disappointed ghost-hunter. An hour—two—rolled on, and still no spectral visitation ; nor did aoght intervene to make night hideous ; and when the turretclock sounded at length the hour of three, Ingoldsby, whose patience and grog were alike exhausted, sprang from his chair, Baying,— " This is all infernal nonsense, my good fellow. Deuce of any ghost shall we see tonight ; it's long past the canonical hour. I'm off to bed ; and as to yonr breeches, I'll insure them for twenty-four hours at least, at the price of the buckram." " Certainly. Oh ! thank'e—to be sure ! " stammered Charles, rouBing himself from a reverie, which had degenerated into an absolute snooze. " Good-night, my boy 1 Bolt the door behind me ; and defy the Pope, the Devil, and the Pretender ! " Seaforth followed his friend's advice, and the next morning came down to breakfast dressed in the habiliments of the preceding day. The charm was broken, the demon defeated ; the light greys with the red stripe down the reams were yet in rerum iiaivrâ, and adorned the person of their lawful proprietor. Tom felicitated himself and his partner of the watch on the result of their vigilance ; but there is a rustic adage, which warns us against Belf-gratulation before we are quite 4 out of the wood." Seaforth was yet within itB verge. A rap at Tom Ingoldsby's door the next morning startled him as he waB shaving—he cut his chin. " Come in, and be d—d to you ! " said the martyr, pressing his thumb on .thé wounded epidermis. The door opened, and exhibited Mr. Barney Maguire. "Well, Barney, what is it? quoth the sufferer, adopting the vernacular of his visi~ J tant. ' "The master, sir " " Well, what does he want ! " "The loanst of a breeches, plase your honour." "Why you don't mean to tell me—By Heaven, this is too" good !" shouted Tom, bursting into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. " Why, Barney, yon dont mean to say the ghost has got them again 1"" tir. Maguire did not respond to the yo'ong squire's risibility ; the cast of his countenance was decidedly serions. Adit's gone they are, sure I^gi't^ineaelf been looking over the bed, and under the bed, and in the bed, for the matter of that, and divel a ha'p'orth of breeches is there to the fore-at aU-i^Fm "--ithered entirely ! " v Vc'E "V . raid Tom, fncanti<fâljr^rè(â(Ngpg 'E& jâitià(b, and-.- letting 'Criraiwstreiià incarnadine mufâtndiÀonB * ' tii ttfrtatl^xbi* ^ ^ jeijs^j wiiit jo^lBMslç, but yoù me, ar tell me~~-instantly what have youAjne wi£h-the clothes ?" This abrupt• tramitiàn from "lively to severe" certainly took Maguire by surprise, and he seemed for an instant as much disconcerted as it is passible to disconcert an Irish gentleman's gentlsman. " Me ? is it meself, then, that's the ghost to your honour's thinking?" said he after a moment's pause, and with a slight shade of indignation in his tones : "is it I would stale the master's things—and what would I do with them?" " That you best know :—what your purpose is I can't guess, for I don't think you mean to 'stale' them, as you call it ; but that you are concerned in their disappearance, I am satisfied. Confound this blood !—give me a towel, Barney." Maguire acquitted himself of the commission. " As I've a sow], your honour," said het solemnly, "little it is meself knows of the matter : and after what I seen " " What you've Been ! Why, what have you seen ?—Barney, I don't want to inquire into your flirtations ; but don't suppose you can palm off your saucer eyes and giglamps upon me ! " " Then, as sure ng your honour's standing there, I saw him : and why wouldn't I, when Miss Patdine was to the fore as well' as meself, and " " Get along with your nonsense—leave the room, sir ! " " But the master ? " said Barney, imploringly ; " and without a breeches ?—sure he'll be catching cowld ? " " Take that, rascal ! " replied Ingoldsby, throwing a pair of pantaloons at, rather than to, him ; " but don't suppose, sir, you shall carry on yonr tricks here with impunity ; recollect there is such a thing as a treadmill, and that my father is R county magistrate." Barney's eye flashed fire—lie stood erect, and was about to speak ; but, mastering himself, not without an effort, he took ap the garment, and left the room as perpendicular as a Quaker. "Ingoldsby," eaid Charles Seaforth, after breakfast, "this is now past a joke ; to day is the last of my stay ; for, notwithstanding the ties which detain me, common decency obliges me to visit home after so long an absence^ I shall come to an immediate explanation with your father on the subject nearest my heart, and depart while I have a change of dress left. On his answer will my return depend ! In the meantime tell me candidly—I ask it in all seriousness, and as a friend—am I not a dupe • o your well-known propensity to hoaxing t Have you not a hand in " " No, by Heaven, Seaforth ; I see what you mean : on my hononr, I am as much mystified as yourself ; and if your servant " "Not he :—if there be a trick, he at lesat is not privy to it." " If there be a trick ? why, Charles, do you think " "I know not what to think, Tom. As surely as you are a living man, so surely did that spectral anatomy visit my room again last night, grin in my face, and walk away with my trousers ; nor was I able to spring from coy bed, or break the chain which seemed to bind me to my pillow." "Seaforth," said Ingoldsby, after a short pause, " I will But hush ! here are the girls and my father.—I will carry off the" females, and leave you a clear fieldwith the Governor : carry your point with him, and we will talk about your breeches afterwards." Tom's diversion was successful ; he carried off the ladies en masse to look at a reirarkable specimen of the class Dodecandria Monogynia —which they could not find—while Seaforth marched boldly up to the encounter, and carried " the Governor's " outworks by a coup de main, I shall not stop to describe the progress of the attack ; suffice it that it was as successful as could have been wished, and that Seaforth was referred back again to the lady. The happy lover was off at a tangent ; the botanical party was soon overtaken ; and the arm of Caroline, whom a vain endeavour to spell out the linnasan name of a dafly-down- dilly had detained a little in the rear of the others, was soon firmlylocked in bis own. "'What was the world to them, Its noise, its nonsense, and its 'breeches' aH? n Seaforth was in the seventh heaven ; he retired to his room that night as happy as if no such thing as a goblin had ever been heard of, and personal chattels were as well fenced in by law as real property. Not so Tom Ingoldsby : the mystery—for mystery there evidently was— had not only piqued his curiosity, but ruffled his temper. The watch of the previous night had been unsuccessful, probably because it was undisguised. To-night he would "ensconce himself "—not .indeed "behind the arras "— for the little that remained was, as we have seen, nailed to the wall—but in a small closet which opened from one corner of che room, and by leaving the door ajar, would give its occupant a view of all that might pass in the apartment. Here did the young ghost-hunter take up a position, with a good stout sapling under his arm, a full half-hour before Seaforth retired for the night. Not even his friend did he let into his confidence, fully determined that if his plan did not succeed, the failure should be attributed to himself alone. At the usual hour of separation for the night, Tom saw, from bis concealment, the lieutenant enter his room,'and after-taking a few turns in it, with an expression so joyous as to betoken that his thoughts were mainly occupied by his approaching happiness, proceed slowly to disrobe himself. The coat, the waistcoat, the black silk stock, were gradually discarded ; the green morocco slippers were kicked off, and then—ay, and then—his countenance grew grave ; it seemed to occiir to him all at once that this was his last stake—nay, that the very breeches he had on were not his own—that to-morrow morning was his last, and that if he lost them . A glance showed that his mind was made up ; he replaced the single button he had just subducted, and threw himself upon the bed in a state of transition— half chrysalis, half grub. Wearily did Tom Ingoldsby watch* the sleeper by the flickeringlight of the nightlamp, till the clock striking one, induced him to increase the narrow opening which he had left for the purpose of observation. The motion, slight as it was, seemed to attract Charles's attention ; for he raised himself suddenly to a sitting posture, listened for a moment, and then stood upright upon the floor. Ingoldsby was on the point of discovering himself, when, the light flashingfull upon his friend's countenance, he perceived that, though his eyes were open, " their sense was shut "—that he was yet under the influence of sleep. Seaforth advanced slowly to the toilet, lit his candle at the lamp that stood on it, then, going back to the bed's foot, appeared to search eagerly for something which be could not find. For a few moments he seemed restless and uneasy, walking round the apartment and examining the chairs, till, coming fully in front of a large swing-glaBs that flanked the dressing-table, he paused as if contemplating his figurein it. He now returned towards the bed, put on his slippers, and, with cautions and stealthy steps, proceeded towards the little arched doorway that opened on the private staircase. As he drew the bolt, Tom Ingoldsby emerged from his' hiding-place ; but the sleep-walker heard him not ; he proceeded softly downstairs, followed at a due distance by his friend ; opened the door which led ont upon the gardens, and stood at once among the thickest of the shrubs, which there clustered round the base , of a corner turret, and screened the poBtern from common observation. At this moment Ingoldsby had nearly spoiled all by making H false step : the sound attracted Seaforth's attention—ie paused and turned ; and, as the full moon shed her light directly upon his pale 'and troubled features, Tom marked, almost with dismay, the fixed and rayless appeaianoe of hiseyes :— . " There was no speculation in those orhs That he did glare withal." The'perleet stillness preserved by his follower seemed to reassure him ; he turned aside ; and from the .midst of a thickset laurustinus drew forth a gardener's spade, shouldering which he proceeded with greater rapidity into the midst of the shrubbery. Arrived at a certain point where the earth seemed to have-been recently disturbed, he set himself heartily to the task of digging, till, haviDg thrown up several shovelfuls of mould, he stopped, flung down his tool, and very composedly began to disencumber himself cf his pantaloons. Up to this moment Tom had watched him with a wary eye : hB&owaidvanced; caùtîoualy, end, as his friend was ËtÂlly engaged in disentangling hirriself from hiB garment, made himself master of (he spade, Seaforth, mean- while, had accomplished his purpose : he stood for a moment with " His streamers waving in the wind," occupied in carefully rolling up the smallclothes into as compact a form as possible, and all heedless of the breath ot heaven,"wiuch.% might certainly be supposed ait s'ni&S;îmoment, and In such a plight, to "jriat his frame -too . a tougbly." ^ ; ' ;':>.- '.-. v I He was in the wit *>f stooping low to;depcant tye pantaloons in the grains which he'had been figging for them,- whea Tpm Ingoldsby came close behind him, and with tlie flit of the The shock was effectual ; never again was lieutenant Seaforth known to act the part of a somnambulist. One by one, his breeches— his trousers—his pantaloons—his silk-net tights —his patent cords, and his showy greys with the broad red stripe of the Bombay Fencibles were brought to light, rescued from the grave in which they had heen buried, like the strata of a Christmas pie ; and, after having been well aired by Mrs. Brotherby, became once again effective. The family, the ladies, especially, laughed ; —Barney Mugnire cried " Botheration ! " and Ma'Tnsette Pauline, "Mon Dieu!" Charles Seaforth, unable to face the quizzing which awaited him on all sides, started off two hourB earlier than he had proposed :—he soon returned, however ; and having, at his father-in-law's request, given up the occupation of Rajah- hunting and shooting Nabobs, led his blushing bride to the altar. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath did not attend the ceremony, being engaged at the Grand Junctiou Meeting of Sçavans, then congregating from all parts of the known world in the city of Dublin. His essay, demonstrating that the globe is a great custard, whipped into coagulation by whirlwinds, and cooked by electricity,—a little too much baked in the Isle of Portland, and a thought underdone about the bog of Allen,—was highly spoken of, and narrowly escaped obtaining a Bridgewater prize. Miss Simpkinson and her sister acted as bridesmaids on the occasion ; the former wrote an tpithalamium, and the latter cried "Lassy me ! " at the clergyman's wig. Some years have since rolled on ; the union has been crowned with two or three tidy little offshoots from the family tree, oL whom Master Neddy is " grandpapa's darling,* and Mary- Anne mamma's particular "Sock." I shall only add, that Mr. and Mrs. Seaforth are living together quite as happily as two goodhearted, good-tempered bodies, very fond of each other, can possibly do ; and that since the day of his marriage, Charles has Bhown no disposition to jump out of bed, or ramble out of doors o' nights,—though from his entire devotion to every wish and whim of his young wife, Tom insinuates that the fair Caroline does still occasionally take advantage of it so far as to " slip on the breeches." 