OUB IRISH LETTERS. IRELAND IN VARIOUS ASPECTS. \ . : No. xxvm. ; DUBLIN, 6th Dewember. , FROM MISS, ROSA MULHOLLAND. DEAB COTJBIN,—There is always a large amount of interest attaching to the ruins of anyonoe busy centre of life, whether it be merely the home of many generations or the scene of the labours of an industrial com- . munity. I have just been to visit a group of 'old buildings in .Dublin which come under 'both definitions.. It stands in the anoient s'part of the city known as the Liberties, not tfar from Patrick's-close, that oldest and 'queerest of - Dublin streets—as striking a ' sight in its ; way as the Jews' quarter at : Frankfort. The group of buildings I speak of is to be found in Mark's Alley, a narrow, quiet street 'close to a neighbourhood that has fallen upon evil days. The group includes an old tabinet factory, dating from the time of the Huguenot settlement in Dublin, with the house in which the silkmerchant and owner of the factory dwelt with his family in exceeding respectability and comfort. In these days, when the owners Of a good [ business and employers of labour scorn to be identified with "the shop," and remove their home and personal belongings as far as possible from sight and sound of, from all asso: ciationwith, the industry which gives dignity .to their lives, it is curious to see the very simple arrangements made by the substantial tradesman of a less pretentious age for the enjoyments and comforts of life in a home which was within the precincts of his laboratory. Having entered at the ball-door of the house in question you find on one side of the hall, which is panelled in wood, an office lined with drawers and provided with a deep locker. Here behind the worm-eaten counter the master of the factory, and perhaps occasionally his wife and daughters, displayed the exquisite fabric of silk and 'wool just taken from the looms. The clatter of the factory was audible across the lilac trees in bloom between the factory yard and the little court yard and garden, .full of purple fleurs-de-lis, which still give a peculiar character to the ancient house of 'the Huguenot refugee. Behind the office is a quaint'little parlour, ail made of corners, .'its windows full of the purple bloom of those Jleurs-de-lit which flourish there perennially as if with a touching mindfulness of the day •when an,exile planted them in memory of his beloved France, master, and workmen. Father, mother, children are gone, but the royal lilies are richer than ever in their purple and as fresh in their bloom. Up the well-made ' wooden stairs you go, observing the fine work : of the panelling on the .wall which .ri}ns all the way to the roof, and the elegant turning of the balustrade, and the general snugnbss, combined with refinement In, plain, $hd \- adornment which distinguishes this.home of former generations from more 'modern dwellings. The drawingrooms, largp enough to entertain a small company of congenial friends, are quaintly Bhapeid; the fire-place occupying a corner, and surmounted by A chimney-piece of very beautiful and •delicate carving in wood. From the front- Toom the' chimney-piece is gone, a cold, uninterestiiig slab of colourless marble having , been put in its place, above a hideous black . metal grate. But in the back apartment the ! original jgrace of the architect , still beautifies ,'the \fralls,<and the room, must .Jiave been a •.delightfully cosy one ,in„the days when 4fae ''half-French, half-Irish mistress -of' the J, establishment made delicious coffee .'for her -Jfejends .apd served it to them in tb$ ; silver, for the safety of which the' ponderous' black oakoofferinthe'parlour must certainty hove been de^jjneiij V' wa'room to' tell jgbupsit stories in on winter nights, whenao oil-lamp swungabove the dainty.. #arving on<*> th$ mantel, and to burn nuts in on Hallow eve ; and thoUjgfciHhe' tvoTroomb Would no£, both iogether,Myeinade a spjcious .ballroom, yet I have no doubt that many<a modest country dance was performed upon their floor, not-- wtKfetanding some amusing difficulties, easily discounted by the happy and good Ttemperedl At the turn of the . stair there is a deep window-seat, which I fancy was, a favourite place for a confidential conversation. The window looks with one eye into the little garden ot the jleur-de-Ks, and with the .oth • into the Small, neat, paved courtyard,'a ^^bji'.^^^^iforfflgii, court, \ritti iSjj^Eut^ , <Qfw<l>ep6nd door ' Ismail and a few trees finish the compact enclosure with a skirting of green, and as friends or lovers talked low in the staircase window the pigeons from the f&toryibofs; .pecked in the grass, the looms creaked and ' hummed and clattered, and the whole plaoe was -like a hive where life was good -and sweet, Where there was, honey as well as wax for the industrious bees. Higher still, in the upper , rooms of * the houBe, you can see from the back windows a .wide sweep of horizon covering a large are a of the more ancient and storied quarters of Dublin. The Goombe (vale) and Poddle River lie that way; over yonder rises a peculiar building known as " The Tenters," a place where in the thriving days of the poplin trade the rich and beautiful web was taken to be sketched. I have heard Irish people say, when wishing to describe graphically a state of intolerable suspense of mind, that they had been on " tenterhooks," bnLonly after my visit to the poplin district did I understand the allusion. The tenter-hooks form a kind of raok on which the fabric known as poplin or tabinet was strained into shape after leaving the loom. " The Tenters" is now the night refuge of Dublin, and it is to be feared that the poor homeless waifs who come there for temporary shelter too ofren lie upon mental tenter-hooks. Beyond "The Tenters" lie trees. The shadow of the old Oxmantown woods, Eilmainham, thickly peopled with romantic and tragic historic figures and' traditions, and the phantom outline of the mountains close in our bird's eye view in ;filmy uncertainty on the murky, wintry horizon. The old factory I have described was one of the' most important in the trade, and its prestige still holds good in many parts of the world; witness the orders for goods which still arrive from far foreign parts to be taken into the silent house by a caretaker who treasures them for the present owner of the establishment. The latter is a lady, the last representative of her family who; dwelling in the country, |yet loves to visit' the scene of the labours of her forefathers; takes a pleasure in preserving th4 whole establishment in a certain condition oi neatness and' repair, and even finds it in teresting to receive and fill from the manufactories of the present day the orders from abroad, which testify to the well deserved fame of the fabric which once issued from the little known office in the dismantled dwelling-house closte to the empty building , which once held the looms. Oi the trade itself, everyone knows that it was introduced into Dublin by French refugees Upon the revocation by Louis XV. of the Edict <if Nantes. At that time nearly fifty thousand Huguenots emigrated to Eng. land, and formed themselves into colonies at Spitalfields. and Norwich. The English Government, having suppressed the Irish 'woollen trade, gave permission to the foreigners to make a settlement in Dublin, and the Frenchmen, : making themselves happy, among us, soon became Irishman; and their,trade became an Irish trade, and prospered. Such having beoome the case it did not escape the attention of Government, and in :the reign,.of George III. the Irish poplin trade, like the Irish woollen trade, was 'crushed by an Act of Parliament, in 1764 the annual sales had amounted to £70,000. . The year 1783 saw them reduced to £25,000. Air advertisement respecting the college about to be opened by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost it) Ballarat appears iil another column, i As. already mentioned tnore 1 tlten once, there is a high recoi$ of suooeases to the dredit'b* the r Fa£hfeif! "at the Royal -University of-Dublin... — MOTHBB AND CHILD.—The mother is God's natural inspiMtywiof , youth, and if she, by Hinging or Wiling, stories, or in any other way, bring before tbe mind of the ohild 1 -nobler men and nobler principles, and'keep thai child, .while under her care, on the bide >fnbnotfrknd 'inspiration, he oan soaroely, "when he tf old/depart from'her iriatrtuAion. He may,' for a time, ieert to lose sight tif it, but ah ! those patterns that are woveh ! into the Very heart by tbe side- of the cradle do not faro ottt. Even thoughthey are temporarily hid, the ooloara remain, and when tbe tour of adversity comes trie child has a distinct conception of what -it is that it has fallen from; and oomes baok to it; ' It Is a living form in itself -that the mother hae -wrought there; it is the mother's legacy writt<toihthe faeertof the child. ' ^Qiiiux SBrriiisr is worrying abont tbe rapidly, increasing number -of -itr lunatics. r It appeara that those supported -by the •Government alone httVe grown to 76,000; J It ii all attributed tothe'horryof moflerolife. ; ! -THB i attfetidanoe : st theEriiibltton'bn Satut^aywm-^PaidsdiBissioiul.ld^l^; free, i» ; ljto M admiMon,' £989'lfi* - 