Eound-about Gossip. ? ♦ ? (By Madoe.) Sydney. Tho oxcellonfc porformanco of Macbeth at the Royal was theall-nbsorbing topio of last week; winding ' up with the TJnivorsity Commomora tion on Saturdayyof which more anon. This wobk being Holy Week, special services have boon .hold ovory ovoning at St. Andrew's ?*k Cuthodral, consisting of tho ohanting of Peni V^' tontial Psalms, appropriate prayers and anthoms' by ' tho Pnmato, hymns, ,and PasBion music. The. anthem, ' Daughtors of Jorusalem,' musio* conlpbsod by Charlns Gounod, sot to English words by Rev. Longdnn, M.A., is imbuod with pathos throughout. Sorao portions are full of an unuttorablo sadness whilo tho plaiutivo wail ing passages in illustration of tho cry from tho Cross— Eloi, Eloi, lammn Sabacthani— possess groat dramatic features. To-morrow night Dr. Stainor's ' Crucifixion ' will bo porformed. and on Friday, solections from 'Tho Messiah 'will bo civen. ,. Whilo on religious topics, I will mention that on no loss an illustrious authority than Arch denoon Gunthor, it is said that thoro is a company of younc men in Sydney studying the principlos of Buddhism. The vonorable eentle lnan oxprossod himself as ' afraid ' that^bofore: lotlC WO miffhthaVR H HllrMtiiaf. nkiirKh nmnir.t us. If tbero wore prospect of the ' fud ' oxor oising roforming influence in Australia it ought to bo choorfully wojedmed. If tho habitues of our courts, the doniz»n3 of our slums, tho wife r n boaters the drunkards, tho lonfnrs, nnd the |fc Christians (P) who moot at .their difforent rendezvous on Sundays, ouuld bo motamor phosed.into rospoctnbld Pagans, tho missionaries would roally desorvo State Aid. Tho ' Light of Asia' iuoulcatod truth, doconcy, industry, sobriety,' rbyorenco to paronts. and obedience to tho law ; but thoso ethics would find ,no better acceptancb at tho hands of 'mashers' and brniuloss mon in a 'Mongol,' diaguiso than thoy do in tho familiar Argan dress, * Probably tho fantastical acolytes of whom tho Archdeacon spoaks aro , but having a practical: joke on orthodoxy. Liko tho almond-oyod instrumont for tho. manufacture of history by^Sir Henry,' thoy_ are aRuoatic. 'What is tho good of praying to Buddhn, and what is Rood of not praying to Buddha p ' that is the question. Wo aro wont to laugh at our puritan ancestors and to derido their belief in witches, and pride oursolvos in, our superior intelligence in this yoar of grace, and yet, at a spiritual wedding and baptism lately colobratod in America by a wonderful high-priostoss of Theology — Madame Blayatzky — when tho principal persons were spirits from tho land of tho departed, in which doctors, lawyers, and rich raorohants woro active ^ spectators of tho coromony. Scores of men and womon woro in her train among tho most giftod and intolloctual of tho land, bolioving in her as a goddess. ;- There aro plonty of spiritualists in Sydney. Mou and womon of unquestionable intolligenco and honor, who remain unshaken in their belief and wo may as well make up our minds that spiritualism has como to stay. That I can't believe in it, may possibly bo nothing to my credit, but I cannot. I am, unfortunately, con stituted liko poor Thomas. I should want to put my hand in tho wound, and evon then I should bo apt to distrust the evidonce of my 8onsos rather than boliovo in any supernatural thing But Sydney oflors a very fino fiold for enterprising mediums. The crop of fools is boautiful. Lot thom come from New York and othor places and roap tho harvest. Wo nro protty woll habituatod to roading tho remarks mado by roving Bishops respecting the faults and foibles of thoir dosorted flocks, but it is docidodly a now sousation to find a recroant shophord promising to stay in his Seo. This is rough upon tho Primate, Bishops Thornton, Moorhouso, Landford, &c;, who woary of tho ^ poor fainilios of useful work at; tho Antipodes, * and unooosinRly watch tho British Ecclosiasti cal Registry Offices to bo callod back. If the Rev. H. MontRomory, who has accepted the Tas manian diocose, never becomes Seo-siok— as it woro— he will verily bo a standing, roproaoh to his fellow physicians of the soul; who, like fidgety, thirsty husbands, at tho play aro always going out 'toisoo a man,' and leaving the Hold oloar for ohildron of the Psychological mist. .Generally speaking, the Bishop's ladios are answerable for this ' impious rostivonoss undor a cloudless sky, and an air free from fogs. What doos sotno uncrownod psalmist say about 'the hand that, rocks ..thocradlo ?' This is where tho K. ,0. hierarchy, dearly have the: ad vantage ' over thoir , 'separated!; brethren.' Thero aro no wivos affeoted with lungs to draw them away, from their sphero of duty.; '?-:..-?? Lord, Oarrington, the Earl of Onslow, and'the Countess of. Onslow, visited the Jenolan 'Caves on Sunday.! The two Governors roturned on: horsobaok through tho Kanimbla Valloy, and oxprossod delight at the, boautiful scenery oh tho road. A' Marge party of officers from the i. Calliopo and Lord .Oranley also visitod the J\ Cavos this week; Dr. Thibot, tho nowly-appointod Consul - Gonorar' for Germauy at Samoa arrived in Sydney on Friday. ' Among thu passongdrs on board tho Orient en route for Sydney is Mrs. Jambs, a daughter of Mr. John' Miflais, the groat artist. This lady who is admiro'd' in London for her grace nnd beauty ?' is the' original of1 many of the, artists'^most boauliful productions.' , Mrs. Jambs accompanied the Earl' and Countess of. Kintbre; to Adolaidb for tho benefit of hor hbalth, and returns to England by tho Orient. , r Miss Von Finkelstoin, the Oriental leotuf ess, is annouricod''to bo' oh nor way out to' Australia to commence anothor tour in: tho. colonies. She is expected to arrivo in Sydnoy in about six wooks.-i,^ ;?'«!.?.?? - ?: i ' ? ? Ladyi t Oarrington has addressed a graceful letter- of; thanks to the 'ladies associated with her in'thp recent1 Exhibition of Women's In dustries' ahd; Centenary Fair. Mr.'LibiieTCowbn is ongagod painting a bust portrait 'jot, ^iss My ra Kembte. Play-goers are sorry tqjearijjthat this popular actress is about i to sever.', her Connection with tho Australian I Btaso.^an'd,.' try, her fortunes in the Mother f Country. ;i,, ; j: Mr. I, Sydney aJDiokenson, the art critio and lecturer, aiftor/a successful course of locturos in Now Zoaland, is about to sail for Europo undor commission fromitheiNow Zoaland Govornment \? Proparo a po'irso of illustrated lopturos on i ??'ttt pioturbsquo colony, whioh ho will delivor i m London. Ho^willthon return to Australia and yisiting.tho ' prinoipal cities of tho. various. nolonios deliver 'tho looturos by invitution only. | -Tho sorios of lovoly viows will bo spooiallv | i .? P'oparod in Paris. . ?. I vt- Satu'raay afternoon snwtho grounds and halls ! »f Almii Mator flllod with a gay assemblage' ;iu nouor ^f the annual Univotsity commemoration. iue fdshio^ablo gathoring inpluded Lord and ?Lady Oarrington, the Earl and Countess of ' .... ? 1' Onslow, Lord Oranley, Captain Sayille, Mr. Wallmgton, the Hop. Rupert Oarrington, Mr. Walroad, and Mr.' Garland from Government House. -Several distinguished oitizens including Bishop Barry, judges, professors, dootors, .lawyers, consuls, officers, ministers of the Grown, &c;, filled tho platform. Along and able ad dress was ; delivered by tho Chancellor, Sir William Manning, M.L.C. After whioh Lord Oamngton delivered a vigorous speech, not without, a, dash of his usual humour. One of the inost'promisiag evidences of progress during tho last twolvo months, said his Excellency, was tho dovelopn?ent of a national spirit in these colonies. Ho reminded the gathoring that wo had our own judges, our own doctors, our own soiontists, and hoped tho timo was not far dis tant whon we would have our own Bishops, our own engineers, our own professors, and our own navyi ! Thoso sentiments were applauded to the echo. I The three charming girl-graduates who re ceived University honors are Misses Jane Russell,; Constance Sutherland, and Sarah Bronnan. : !Tii.0 8n^ of £20° a y°ar is to bo set ttPart out of the Ohallis fund for various seats in tho branch of Law at the University. iA social gathoring of graduates and under graduates took plauo in tho following evening, at which pleasure was the god of the hour, as is natural after so long sustained mental effort. I The revival of the week at the Royal of 'iMacbeth,' is ono of the events which will bo remembered by Sydnoy play-goers in years to como with a keoa relish. It is only once or twice in a Hfotimo that people have the ont)or tiinity of sooing a fair fulfilment of their ideals, 'and in Mr. , Warnor, and Miss Dargon, as the groat Slave and his iron-willed, wife, they cer tainly had ,tho', combination of .-physical excel lence, andt'Bfcholarlygenius.' ;Itis'nino years since Hymen took from the stage this lady of superlative tragic powor, but tho flight of .time has only served to make 'hor a fitting ombodi mbnt of the character whose prinoiple feature was rempradjess'ambition'for her husband's sako. Eyory inch of room in the houso was occupiod on the opening night,' From first to- last Miss Dargon hold the audience entranced with her forceful intensity and 'wondrous facial expres sion. Her iboaring arid gait bespoke grace* and majosty,, and from the scone whoro- sho reads t lip mission of her husband and loams the ' fatal ontr.uico of Duncan under hor battlements,' to 10 slobn-walkincr uot. tho hnimn was Rnnll bound.. The fair artiste presented tho embodi ment of noblb woman whoso nature was warped by what should have been its best attribute — worship of hor husbnud — and superstition Whou' as Lytton aptly says, wo believe such and such to be our fate, We' are likely to work out our.lifp into tho verification of tho boliof. If Lady Macbeth had disbeliovoc in the witohes shb would nover havo persuaded bor lord to murder'. Duncan. -Probably what Shakespeare moant fr represent in Macbeth ? was tho 'kind of jchara'otor which is most liable to be influenced bjj a faith in isupernatural agencies, a man who is jictua'lljvsotisitivo to' all impressions, who. has a rostlo'ss imagination moro powerful than its will, who sees daggers in the air, and ghosts in t lip banqueting hall, who has moral weakness iiiul physical cournge, who alternates perpetually botwoouv terror, and. daring-^-a i trembler1 when opprossod by his conscience, a lion-like warrior whon doQed by his foos. This was. tho por traiture of the groat 3'hano' of' Cawdefi ,'aifid Thane of Glamniros, presented Jjjr-Mri SVarner. TJj) to tho moment of f;hisj..j mooting \ tKbtihrbb wqird sisters his bearing-was' thatof^i? %foar^(, instiuct with., honor and j^'Consoientipus sonse of duty. Ttfe^regnatit stiggoitiona bf the witches fall on barfen'soil until ! their seed is quickoned m jbalof gl*gj;owth by the promptingslof the wife. In; faco, figuro, speech, and movement-, ?tMr. Warner wasrevery iuch a king, jiHimight havo steppod from tho frame of some renowned Crusador's portrait, and ho. atters no word, or makos ^io single gosturo to;dispol.;t^pjfanQy. His horror .and agony of remorso 3 after !th'e murdor of KingDuucan aro as painfuliy'Jrealistic as his blood- stained hands. He also presented the spootaolo of a mental moral and physical wreck when tho apparition of Banquo appears at tho festivo board, and his shattered nerve was no less_ palpable when he rosorted— as Saul of old did in his porploxity— to unholy divina tion. It is, when ho learns from Macclufi how he has been befoolod.by the witohes, that fury and dosporation galvanise him into pristine manhood; .'and he fights bravely until slain; And later at is only- the shout ' from tho armed peoplo, '''Hail; iracduff, Kingof .Scotland,' that' reminds- the. sppo^atorsrthatv the play is: over. Mr. Da^ia'f!deliTpry.o.rthp).woi^j9^-;'V'TJie*:\irino. of Hfo is 'drawn. and \\(ihOimbro leas aro left '.this vault to brag of,' was1 full1 of -a1- sublime pathos. April 17tM^A a«A ?':':':.!.:J::'Jl'J:-';Ar'1 '': \o-'v, i i' 1 ? -!?:' -\\\\-C\\(\ A 