In again referring to the very unfortu nate burying scandal at West Kempsey, we must plead as excuse the notoriety which the case obtained through sen- sational rumours and their re-produc- tion, the far-reaching effect of which is illustrated in the information we publish in our local columns to-day. There is a morbid desire for sensational and mysterious novelties amongst a large section of people all the world over. Crowds would delight in a fight in the arena ; would go to see, and watch with interest the trial of a notorious offender ; would wait for hours to witness the last struggles oj' a great criminal. Bumour, feeding upon facts, distorts them to suit the most unhealthy appetite; and thus the first rumor that emanated from that burying ground was very soon magnified into the most alarming story. And this story in different forms finds its way into almost every paper in the country. In the actual facts of the case there is something ridiculous and amusing, and any or dinary unbeliever in the supernatural would not fail to realise it. Two of the principal witnesses swore positively that they were satisfied the man was dead, and that they were satisfied the sounds did not proceed from the in side of the coffin. They would not have buried him if they had thought he had about him any life, and the conviction was so strong that they made no attempt to open the coffin even at the time, and when they did open it they were satisfied the man was dead. We have read of ghost stories and all sorts of thrilling mid night mysteries but for real original unique coincidence the West Kempsey mystery carries the palm. A society was established in England a few years ago to collect evidence with the object of establishing the ghost theory, but after a few years research they were compelled " to let the ghost rest." Ignorance, superstition and midnight mystery has produced believers in supernatural sounds and bell-ringings, but daylight and calm investigation have discovered in the mountain " a molehill." In the awful midnight sounds " a mouse." Bumour and speculation may be very well in mat ters unattended by personal or univer sal inquiry, and in cases such as the one in question the character and con duct of a great institution are effected. Unfavorable sensational gossip is often the cause of ruin to commercial firms, and the cry of fire at a theatre is not more disastrous than an uuwholesome rumour connected with a public estab lishment. In the craze for mysterious novelty and the pandering to the re verse and unhealthy side of humanity results are overlooked or unchought of. For the credit of our noble institution and for the sake of all those who are affected, we trust we have heard the last of this mysterious nonsense. 