Our sBrisbane Letter. (ao0e Onun OWN aORIRESrONDoENT.) BrorlssANE, Thursday Night. LMatters Political. Aremrn the hiatus in parliamentary oiorck, occasioned by thle result of stonewalling, the remaining business which must be attended t' i~'ibeing disposed of with all spjed, and unless something unforseen intervenes before the..end of next week, the longest, and por. haps the most barren, sees:on in Queensland'b history will have' been brought to a close. The terms upon which the deadlock was settlod made it a complete d feat for tihe G-.vernment Everything Sir Samuel Grif flth had offered in the beginning was acc;pied l;iy the Premier at the conference with such readiness1'tlit in no manner could the settlement beatermed a compromise. In fact, Mr. Moreliead's attitude was . so signifl caunt tlisit it induded the leadeo of tihe Opposi-, :tion subsequently to express the opinion that the Premier was opposed to the tacticsoof his party Ifrom the very first, and .had he not been too sibc to attend to.busineses :the stone. walling would not have lasted twenty-four hlours. : Notwithstanding. the ;Syjdnsey torsin ~ Granny, inma ' leader singu larly inaccurate for that agedlyi re ,pectable journal, condemned the proceed. ings during .the deadlobk as disordbrly aid disoreditible to the colony, the memorable contestrwill stand 'out not only as the b'longesat instance of stonewalling in the history of reo sponsiblo gbveirnment, buteas the ost orderly one.' With but the'exception df the member for :Bardono, a progeny :of th'e Victorian Murphys, by the way, calling the leader of the Opposition a cur-an itinstance ; 'too silly. and insignificant to be" seripusly treated - not a single opprobrious opi: tichet was hurled across the chamber, and such a terrible taineness seized the oratory of the memnbers 'tlihat' over and over"aignin the reporters wished for a M'.Elbone or a Faynes to liven up matters'with d little horse.play. Of codrso the disgraceful episodo of .the "press chlipping "'was an occurrence evolved from the deadlock, but at the same time it could hardly be considered as part of the prbceedings of the Parliament. Another curibus mistake was to speak in the same artice!o . of Sir S. W. Grillith audi Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith as two ex.Premiers who had been political enemies always. This display of historical ignorance, even regarding benighted Banana. land, -is inexcusable, as half a minute's reference td the Year Book of Australia would have shown the ~tSdneeq Mornisg .1e.ald's editorial pundit that both these politicians first held. ofice mn the same Ministry in 1874. Sir Thomas joined the Macalister Ministry on Sth January, 1874; as Secretary for WVorks and Mines, whilst seven months afterwards Sir Samuel became his colleague as Attorney-General. Setting aside the transcontinental railway questidon there never' has been any. irreconcilable difference in the views of these two states. men; and those intimate with Sir Samuel can testify that his refusal to coalesce' Res based upon private instead of political grounds. "I would not hold office with a man wliosc pirivate character I am unable to re spect" was his answer when thle matter was first mobted, and in these few words are to be found the collapse of the coalition agita tion. Outrage on a Journalist. Upon all fours with the disgraceful muti lation of the board of a prominent political leader.writer during the stone wallhng, was the pusillanimous conduct of the Minister. for Lands and two or three Government supporters in attempting to impugn the character of the outraged scribe by attacking his sobriety. A few hours after the ocourrence it was common gossip that the leader of the Opposition intended to call upon the Government to put the matter into the hands of the police. j3o theSpoaker, as he subsequently informed rhe souse, had a thorough investigation made, And from the evidence thereat discovered there was not the sligh'est foundation for the excusatory allegatibns of inebriation. Outside facts likewise bore equally conclusive testi. mony. Shortly before 3 a.m. the victim of parliamentary hospitality was in his sanctum, according to the evidence of his staff, a sober man, and about thirty minutes afterwards the outrage was committed. For all this, with full knowledge of tile circumstances, Mr. Black said he was in a state of drunkenness -of beastly intoxication. Another Minister, Mr. Nelson, made the same assertion, whilst: the moemlber for Claremont, to go one better, declared he was carried from: the refreshment room to the verandah. by the parliamentary waiters. Had; it not been that Mr. Pattison, the Colonial Treasurer, in an outspoken speech, reflecting: credit upon his manhood, refut'ed conclusively: the calumnious charges of his collengues, they would havet;een difficult to dispose of. "I net the gentleman," he said, "in com' pany of a' very old friend of niine, the ex Minister for Mines and Works. The gentle.. man referred to thought it necessary to produce a memo. he had received from the proprietors of the journal he represents in. reference to an article which referred to myself. We liead. a quiet ch-t on the subject, ard, as far ad I could judge, there was not the 'slightest indication or sign of intoxication on that gentleman visible to myself. I will honestly tell you thant after this the ex Minister for Mines and Works and myselt hal a nip of whiskey. The gentleman re ferred to took a seat and went to sleep, and I left the ex-Minister for Mines and Works waking hIim up. It is only just for me to say thlint thlis gentleman was perfectly sober at the time I left him. If I had not to be watch ful i, order to answer the bell, I might have gone to sleep myself. That gentleman wasn watching here in the performance of a public duty." So far, the secret of the perpetrator has been well preserved outside the House, but Dame Rumour has fixed the deed upon an insignificant follower of the Ministry, whoso meanness has already earned hiti dlie noubriquet of "Moreheca's Rat." ,i 'Air' Effect of lule Cup. Tio eliookiin attempt at suicide which rp* pened in'.to`in yesterday morning \will give teo'clorical fraternity a fine peg to. hang up thieir annual tirade against the iniquitous consrquences of tle'Cup day at Flemington. 'T. J.' Ainani the young man of 27 years who madba book on the Cup "to sink or swim," and thlien, vlinn'it proved' to be the former, attempted to descend the shades of obscurity with the aid of a. bull-dog revolver, appears to hisvd had aon exceptional character in Qdeenslund. . Anative of Stirling, Scotland, witlh a godod education, backed up by a gentle manly style, hle landed at Mackay in 1884, and after a couple of yearA' varied fortune in thnit rum absorptive town, lucky specula. tion made him the possessor of £4000. He then took a protracted tour via the east, and only returned to Brisbane about three months ago, seleeting for his camping ground that sporting rendezvous, the Metropolitan Hotel. Of a retiring disposition it was not long before he became generally popular, and whilst looking rounct for a safe investment for the capital hlie had brought back to the colony, an unkindly fate put him in the way of that parasite of humanity-the bad book. maker. IIn the hands of this genius his native shreadness appears to have forsaken him completely, as in the space of ten wedks at third-rate race, meeoot. irin's hIa was skinned to the extent of upwards of a thousand pounds. This was the money that was to buy him a share in a station property near Gayndah, and so to retrieve himself the desperate and unavailing 'phlne on thie Cup 'ias made. When his effects were overhauled £7 10s wasee found to be all that bad escaped the maws of his rapacious companions, whist his losses on the Oup are said to have jxcecded a simniliar figure in hundrdds. A Notorious Ctilimlial. The death'last week oflho notoriouls half. casto, Joe Flick, has fried North Quocens landd of one of the most dangerous desperados the colony has over known. Although comparatively young in years, murder and rapine hau been the salieiit features of his career for sometime past, and although the devilish ctnning inherent in hinu prevented the formea crime from being sheathed home his finalnets would hlavo so cured him a piece of hemp beyond the shadow of a doubt liad ndt a bullet enabled him to cheat tlhe gallons. . Seldom has a scoundrel of his inurderoes calibre wound up a long career of crim so sensatiolialy. When he was locked up ai '~Normaniton about eight.weeks'ago on'a charge of hor'se steaoling a feeling of relief, was experiencedl througlh out the distrivct,, ias. it we ,bpliecyed. Mr. Justice Cooper.woold:.give him; what would be proctically a, ?fe-long Bentence. lowever, thanks .to the rotten, flooring boards, their. expectations ore. daslhed ,to ?theo ground, and in a very ,shot,tiioi Flick made it felt that it '.was. soiethring entirely differ enttohiveo'him at largoj Notoi'hstanding several cleverly-contrived httempts to capture;: hhim, i~ cunning enabled himl to st. the, police at defiance, until 'lt last Constable Wavi!l, with tivo troopers and a tracker, after a several days' pursuit, brought him to bay, his horse fairly ridden down, at Dawn Hill Station,. midday lait Sunday. What' ensued is graphicallys described by aNorthern: correspondeint: "Flick !shot one of theo troopers' horses from under hinm,and made: for the dining-room tunder fire from theoi troopers. Wavill followd, to tho'diniag-; room calling upon him to eurrender,, but Flick: fired through the windowwhen he was about; 25 cards away and shot lhim dead... A amun: named Bird was the only bne on tie station ;t the time, and he armed himscli and sent ii hmessengor to MIessras Doyle and Waller -vho were in the viiinity at'hoe time. Arming, they .came and wiatchel the dining-room,, which is in a detached hit, in order to prs vent Flick's escape. About sundown Mr. F. II. Hann, owner of ,the station, with O'Shea and .a blackboy who had been eou c ointei ri"n 1'il day,; returned, and Hann immediately went towards the dining-room and called upon its inmate to surrender, quietly assuring him of safe'treatment. Flick said he would sur render if Hann came to the door:' This the lattter did, but immediately he opened it Flick fired two yords, away. The bullet entered Hann's lefi breast, and passed round, coming out under the left a:m. :Flick fired ingin, biut without effect, as Hfann fell. Lying on the ground, ITann returned the shot, bitt missed hIis ai.m. The door was promptly barricaded, and all hands, after firing a volley into the hut in order to wound Flick, placed it in a state of siege for the night. About 1 o'clock next morning a heavy storm set in, and taking advantage of the dairkpess, which rendered it impossible to see a yard ahead, Flick eluded his watchers, and, after a hairbreadth escape of falling into the arms of one of them, he succeeded in.getting clear, away. At day. break the but was entered, and upon the floor were found plentiful spots of blood, with several pieces of cloth saturated in that fluid. It seemed clear that Flick, apparently vitally wounded, could not travel far. Under the leadershipof Mr. Haon all hands started in pursuit, the station black-boy taking up the bloody tracks without diflliculty, but be fore a quarter of a mile had been traversed the crack of a rifle rang out close at hand, and, jumping into the air, the tracker bit the dust with a bullet through his chest. Before the party could recover'tbeir surprise, Flick, with an unearthly yell, sprung from his ambush in a heavy timber scrub on the edge of Dawn Hill Creek, and defiantly waving his arms before he could be covered had disap reared with wonderful rapidity into the dense bush; Pursuit without further assist anco was useless, so after firing several shots in the direction hlie was supposed to escape the party, returned to the statidn empty handed, with one of their number mortally wounded. The following morning, with the aid of another tracker, the pursut was again commenced, and after a short search the b~dy of Flick was discovered lying a few yards from his ambush of the previous day, with nine bullets in it, six of which were in vital parts. Circumstances point to the conclusion that. he was shot below the ribs whi!e in thelhut, the'bullet passing through his body, notwithstanding which his de termined nature enabled him to reach the creek where he received his quietus. The tracker died the same night as he was shot, and, according to latest accounts, Mr. Hann is progressing favourably. D)isapponrance of anl Agent. Brisbane is looked upon by the theatrical profession as a good hunting ground for weak-kneed ministrelsy and strolling players, but seldom has a troupe had the experience of "The All Star Company" now playing at the Gaiety. Some weeks ago a man named Harry Kelly engaged the mehibers of the company down mn Sydney on a three months' engageioent in Queensland. Ho was not possessed of a very heavy bank ing account, he confessed to each of the members, so they considered this confession an indication of honesty, and' accepited a light salary. The company played to fairly good houses, and all went merrilyalong until Tuesday last, when the rosy ghost was to walk. From 11 am. till 5 p.m. the members anxiously waited for the dilatory Mr. Kelly; but, alas, inquiry only disclosed theon' that he had left Brisbane suddenly, presumably for Sydney. A council of war determined that; the troupe should run on co-operative prin 'ciples until their board and:lodging had been paid; and now those who are ondea vouring to assist them out of thsemire-ahd,: shame to the twwo, theseo are by"no means too many-are regaled nilghtly with goi-yjokes about thie treatment the levanter will receive when ihe is discovered.!. 