THEATRE ROYAL. The performance of "Hamlet" at the Theatre Royal on Saturday was witnessed by one of the largest houses of the sesson, every part of the theatre being filled and seats being at • premium id the popular portions of ths bonte The curtain was raited at a qu«ter to 8, and the palotmanoa did not coacln<le till twenty minutes past 11, which occasioned son c disturbance towards the end by people Imvirg theirseatsto catch their traini^odeed thee wen noises ell over and about the theat c throughout tbe evening, which matt have lud • distracting tfftot upon the «t?r, ul • heavy (all of sun or hail was added to the otb r sounds about 10 p,m. It is to be hoped th t monconHderationwillbeafaownthu evening • y those who occasioned the noises on Srtord* , as "Hamlet"cannot be appreciated withoata measure of gravity in its surroundings, of wht. h a courtly sUeoce aan important factor. We do not of comae allude to the applauie that follow* upon the tfforta of the oomptny, a spontaneous burst of which, even though it m?y he ill-timed, v perhaps mrdonaUe. Itu bat % few monthi sinoe Mr. Warner appeared bate in the role of tbe sable prince, and we then referred at length to the aoeompluhed manner in whish be sustains the part throughout, and illut trattd the marked features of hi* reading of tbe part. It can fbe quoted as • high proof of Mr. Warner's versatility and anility Oat bii repertoire in one week should include the romance of OUale M* notte, the pathoi of Farmer Allan, and the comedy of the Barrister, and conclude with the tragedy of that character whose exact mental condition while working out the rerenge of faia father's murder has given lias "to more controversy than any other subject in Shake- - speare. Without agam traversing the mound we occupied on Mr. Warner's Graf assumption of the part here, we may briefly «) -that itlottt nothing in interest on repetition, .Jt is scholarly, wen thought ont, and acted with, dimity and grace. Though driven at time* to the verge of madness we can perceive that tofs Hamlet is sane enough, and princely in de meanor except on those occasions when, over* wrought by his feelings, be "could fall a eurcing like a very drab," or petulantly fool* Poloniu*, and baits Gmldenttern and Rosenerantz. His scenes with Ophelia are the more under standable and agreeable to the spectator, be came of the fact that the part is sustained by his own daughter, and afl the simplicity and beauty of tbu character is admirably pour trayed by Mies Grade Warner. We see before us a pare- nunded_yotmg girl who has conceived a passion for the .prince, but cannot compre hend the workings of his mind diseased, and berownbeeomesunhingedinooiMequenoe. Itu evident Oat Hamlet hasalofty contempt for tin prating old babbler, her father, but nevertheless loves Die daughter of Polonius with a warmth of affection that, had the times been happier, would only have been satUfied br making her hi* wife. In bee mad ness (fie young girl's taneies take a form which might indicate an eqoivooal relationship which is Ddied throughout by her own sweet simplicity, and also by Hamlet's great grief at her death. Miss Warner acted in such a grace ful and Ingenuous manner as to win the sympathies, of the whole boose, and in her mad ecenes displayed budding hie trionie powers that will aehisve fains for her when they arrive at maturity. She divided with tier father (be honors of the evening, and obtained with him the most hearty recalli. We were not satisfiad with the supporting characters, exoept Mr. Flaming as Horatio, and Mr. Vincent as the ghost and firstplayer. Mua Ada Ward more teiembled a sister of Hamlet than his mother and never rose to a foil appreciation of the part she was taking in the tragedy, as ahe waa fame even in the chamber eoeoe whew Hamlet speaks daggers to her though he uses none. Mr. Maxsh's King is also a very mediocre per* conage, and altogether bereft of the dignity that doth hedge about his majesty of Denmaik. MrTDcering restrainsmmieU as mneh as he possibly can uom being fdnny as Polonies, bnt gives -way to bis natural bent wht re some scope it afforded him as the grava dipger. Mr. Hambro plara carefully at Goildenstem. and Mr. Stewart is earnest and in a measure effective as Laertes. We expect the piece to go more smoothly add with-a better regard to the toutenstmb! sou its rep: i tion tins evening- 