IKloveltst* Tlie Midnight Prophecy OK Till; HEIR OP STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ? Jty Emma Garrison Jones* CHAPTER LXVIf. 'i WILL SAVE YOU.' 'I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the trembling dove within,' Tho voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a dcop'aloop, tho sleep of uttor exhaustion. Sho started tip with a thrill of terror. The sun was shinimr in at tho window, and tho old woman was placing tho tray containing her breakfast on the tablo. ' Ye slumber late, my lassio,' bho re marked, as Maggie sprang: up» all dressed ' aa sho had thrown herself down ; 11 yo must a keep bad hours last night ; seo pointed to tho empty candlestick — ' yer candles burnt out. *? I liko to burn my light all night in this ghostly place,' replied Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothos or somo disarrange ment about tho room should betray hor; 'and I got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pr»33 away the timo — 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, iny good woman.' ' Wool, weel,' responded tho old woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, ' 'twas yor own stubborn will as brung yo hero ; why diuna yo marry tho young laird at onco ?' 44 Becauao I was foolish, I daro say,' slid Maggie, obeying a sudden determin ation to pretend she was being conquered in order to ward off suspicion; 'but Lord Angus should havo been patient and not whisked mo oft* and shut me up like a prisonor. I can't forgive him.' 44 Yes, yo can,' coaxed Mother Gwyn neth. 44 Why he douo it all fur love of yo, and hobo a braw young laird as any Jassio need bo proud to win. Ye'll for gie him tin* meet him wi' a kiss when ho gets back from Luunon, won't yo now V Maggie tossed hor head with a charm ing coquettish air. ' When does ho come ?' she asked. 14 To-morrow, mobbe ; he thought to bo gone a week, but Berkit c:tmo last night an' says ho'll bo back sooner — so yo may I40 lookiti' yor puttiest. C00111, here's yer breakfast oil hot now ; sit yo down an' » a1-, an* don't fret any moro ; I shall bo busy to-day, since tho young laird cooms to-morrow.' - Sho loft tho room, locking it after her, and Maggio heard her go shuffling down tho groifc stairway with tho blood-hound whining at her heels. He followed tho old croaturo wherever sho went. I To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow! OI», what should sho do? Ifow should she escape ? Sho sat for a long timo in deop ? thought. Thero seemed to bo no hopo, and she eatno lo her decision in silont \ calmness. If tho worst camo sho would slip througli tho aperture, replaco the sliding panel, aud lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below and die, Thoy would never find her for it was evident \--they kncw iiuthhj^of^the -secret i-1«- Mi#e. . But it would bo a dreadful ond to life and her old father mourning over her I033. And the Eirl of Strathspoy ! At thought of hiui she started up. Tlie re membrance of his whito facc and hungry oyes thrilled hor with now hope. Sho crossed ovor to the table. Tho breakfast was very tempting and sho was weak and hungry. Sho ate ono cako, a littlo bit of tho broiled bacon, aud swallowed a mouth ful of toa ; the remainder rIio reserved for the poor suflbror below. But daro she \ attempt to mrko the descent by daylight 1 What if some ono should enter her ro'jni ^ and find tho panel opon, tho secret stair ?frny revealed ? JSiit sho could not . boar to let the carl famidlv throughout thov long, long day. She resolved to risk it. Takingtlio food in hor apron aa boforo she removed tho panol' aud hurried down. When she reached tho vault sho was breathless. Tho peer, reclining on his bedof stono, heard her coining and arose H to jheet4-hor, his whito face eager and smiliiig. . vlt had seolncd an eternity since .? she left him. ? She spread;, her breakfast before him V and-inyited him to partake of it. 'But, iriy littlo friend,' ho said, gravely, his eyes turning with wistful long ing toward the food, in spite, of his will, 44 I cannot prolong my lifo at tho cost of yours — you briug mo y.our food while you are starving !' . - . V', 44 Oh, no,-' sho cried. 44 No, indeed. 1 havo oaten somo, and I slull havo moro at noon — please oat it, and try to .get your strength; you will need it all. And 1, must havo you again this moment. I will come again; in tho meantime, romain quiot, and do not despair, Tho darkest hour is just boforo tho dawn,' Sho Hid away as sho had come, with noisolesa stops, up tho spiral stairs, aud back to her prison. Tho morning wore away. Noon came, and a hot September sun blazed down upon tho hoary battlements; the long, long afternoon, tho cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. Maggie threw aside tho old volume sho had been trying in vain oread, and went to tho window with a sigh of relief. Tho day had seemed so endless, and she had lor.gcd for tho night with a vague hopo. A groundless hopo, alas, for thero was not the most remoto possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish im patience for tho darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched tho groat whito stars, Hushing out in tho far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Iter keeper camo up with hor supper and a tittle morsel of caudlo that would not last through half tho night. ' I won't havo yo watching tho night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yorsel,' bIio said ; ' go to bed liko a gudo lassio ; yor braw young sweetheart will bo hero to-morrow.' Maggio shuddored and Bat down by the casement, that foolish, vaguo hopo still tormenting her. Sho reserved hor supper for tho carl, intending to tako it dov-n to him by and by. Slowly tho hours wont by, and sho Bat there counting her own heart-beats, Sho could hear the fir trees moaning 111 tho September winds, and tho sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, sho heard that for which sho had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet Hutu-notes set to tho music of the dear old song, 'Tho Camp bells aro coming.' Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, sho arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then sho mado her way out, and started np tho dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and sho mado the long and tiresome ascent vory speedily. A s'out wind was blowing when sho reached the towor- chamber, and sho hurried her candle intoasholtored corner lest it should bo blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at tho blaze, and hastening to tho window threw it out aa before. Tho wind caught it and whirled it away, liko a flaming pennon in tho dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, camo tho dulcot numbers of 'Highland Mary.' Maggie knew that sho was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks as ho gazed down tho dizzy distance. Sho could seo a man's figure' crossing tho ?barrou heath below, and raising ar arm, oyer and anon, with a warning gesture. Sho watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It aoproachcd tho baso of tho ruins with rapid stops, and thon she lost sight of it. StilT sho did not re move hor fascinated gaze, but continued to loan ovor tho stono sill, her oyes strained down into tho shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence 1 Then, all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broko on her car. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from tho heath below, but from somo near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and sho drow back half in terror. Ton minutes moro 1 Tho great owl, startled from his roost in tho ivy, flew out with a wild cry, aud in tho afier silcnco tho gijl caught, at intervals, tho sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than hor terror, sho loaned far out into the night, and sho caught sight of a man's hoad protruding abovo the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. 44 Be quiet,' spoke a clear, tirm voico, a voice that inspired hor with contidcnco and courago ; udo not foar ; I am coming to holpyou.' ' Como on 1' sho responded, still look ing out. Tho ivy vines 'that clung about tho lofty tower began to shako and rustle, tho panting respirations camo nearer, and presently tho man's head camo distinctly into view — a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing tho dar ing feat of climbing tho ' Border Watch tower' by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. Ho camo up cautiously, but foarlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against tho rugged masonry. Maggio grow sick and faint as sho watched him, but I10 smiled up into her whito face, as it hung over htm hi. the. silvery moonlight; and injinotner breath he swung himseU 'jjno^tho window-sill, awUuapcir in,' Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his close fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his handsome face Hushed, his blonde curb all in a tumble ; yet Maggio know him iu an instant. IIo was the young stranger who had drawn her from under tho horso's feet at- tho 'Lion and tho Unicorn,' and to whom sho appealed for help when Lord Angus forced hor away. Her oyes brightened, and a lovely color rose to her checks. She extended her hand with a shy but oxquisito grace. 44 1 romombor you,' sho said, simply; 'and you havo risked your life to come to me ?*' The young man bowed, and took tho cold littlo lingers iu his own shapely hand, 'No, not quito that,' ho replied, 44 'Twas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've a talent for climbing, and tho ivy is strong and safe ; my lifo was in no danger. But I'm glad you remember me,' ho added, with a (lushing glance, 'because I've never forgotten you for one single moment; sleeping or waking, your face has haunted mo. 1 knew you were not mad, a3 they asserted, and I determined to savo you. 1 followed tho carriage that boro you away that night,, and saw you convoyed into this placo ; and finding no other modo of entrance, you svo, Tvc climbed tlie gory vulture's nest.' And now, wh.it can L do for you ? ' ' Help mo to escape,' replied. Maggie, promptly. 'If I remain till to-morrow, a fato worso than death will bo mine/' He considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. 'First, tell . me,' he then replied, ' how you ever lirinaged to got up hero, i if, as 1 infer) you have b^eo UhW » pri soner. You surely did not ascend by tho secrot stairway 1' 'Yes, I did,' Maggio replied. ' I dis covered it by chance, and came up here attracted by tho Bound of your flute ; but I fancied no ono know that such a stair way existed.' Tho young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth. 'You fancied rightly,* 1 Btumbled upon it by chance, liko yourself, whon this old placo was unoccupied and I was boro on an investigating tour ; but I can't well beliovo that you had the courago to ascend it.' .'I did,' said Maggie. 'I would go through the gates of death, I think, to mako my escapo.' He flashed another glancc upon her from his bright bluo eyes. ' Come, then,' I10 said ; u wo have no time to lose, and thero is but ono way. Tho doors and gates are barred and bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood-hound aro playing sentinel. Wo must go down by tho ivy.' Maggie started iu surprise, and grow a shade palor as she glanced down tho dizzy distance. 'There's no danger,' replied tho stranger, encouragingly ; uif you will only trust me, I will savo you. Come I' Ho held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. 14 Now you'll havo to cling to mo with nil your strength — hero, this way, so that I can uso my hands in descending, and do not fear ; you look liko a bravo girl.' She permitted him to clasp her closo, while sho twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. Ho was just on tho point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! ' Oh, I had forgotten !' she exclaimed j ' how utterly selfish I am in my eager ness to eavo myself. Thero is another prisonor in this old castle — away down in tho old donjon keep, tho Eavl of Strath spey lies dying. We must savo him — I won't leave him behind.' The young man turned and faced her, a curious oxpre&ion; in his oyes. ' What do you say ?' I10 criod ; ' the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here ?' 41 Yes — his own son, or tho boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured hitn hero by a false letter, and locked him in the donjon to dio. Providence sont me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him.' 'And why should this boy lure his father hero, and loavo him to dio ?*' ques tioned tho stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voico. ' The eavl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and tho young man wants to murder him, and 8ccurethc earldom,' For tho space of an instant tho young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. ' Well,' he ejaculated at last, 'of all strange things, this is tho strangest, tho Earl of Strathspoy incarcerated hero by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it.' 'It is truo,' cried Maggie, eagerly ; 'and ho will dio — he looks liko death now — and I have carried him no food since morning. Oh, sir, can't you help mo ?' 'Of course I will— I'll rouso the officers of tho law, and ransack this old ghost liest from top to bottom ? ' ' But every moment is precious,' inter posed Maggie ; 'tho young Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough too, for 1 havo tho proof that ho is no son of tho earl.' ? 4 What, you havo tho proof ?' 4 Yes— I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor littlo babe that was found, on tho Tyrol mountaiu — 1 tho written proof that ? ' 1 11 Hist 1' cried the young man, catching I at her arm, 44 there's a carriage below— - ! put out your candlo, quick 1' Maggio darted across to tho corner in which tho candlo flickered, aud ex- ! tinguished it with a breath, then sho turned to tho window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheolod vehicle containing a | couplo of men was bowling up tho gravel walk. In a second they paused at the great gate, and ono of them haped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggio had a fair view of the othor as he sat in tho \ white moonlight. 'Oh, heavens!' sho whispored, her cheeks paling with terror, 'it is Lord Angus, tho earl's son ; we are lost?' 44 Nay,' replied the stranger, 44 not Io3fc yet. Sec, they havo entered — Mother Gwynneth's blood-hound bids them wel come, Come !' Ho clasped her firmly with one arm aud approached tho window. ^ ' Bu1; tho earl ?' gasped Maggie, shij^ft ing with terror, as sho heard tho baying of tho beast bolo.wv - I'llsRVtf .:im',' replied the young man, quietly ; 44 but you must bo got into a safo placo first, Como — tho moments aro precious.' Aud clasping hor onco more, ho leaped lightly through tho wiudow and swung himself out. CHAPTER LXVIII, THE HEltMIT's CAVE. 'Now cling to 1110 with all your might,'' ho said, gently, 44 and don't look down ; keop your eyes on the moon. Poor littlo dove, do not tremblo so ; I'll not let you fall.' Ho swung himself out, holding on to tho window-sill, and Maggio clasped him I closo with her lithe, young arms, her wide, I brown eyes fixod upon tho white Soptem- ! be^noon, dropping slowly out of sight ' boh(jra1tho Scottish hills. Down ho wont, s^ijg^rg himself from ono twisting vino I .tojuwtftftpr, nover for ono moment loosen- ' ir^lj6 firm clasp. Maggie could feel' his heatVihrobbing with great bounds, 'and hear him breathing in gasps, so, tremend ous was his oxertion. High fellowship begets love, it is said, and I think tho old doctor's fair daughter verified the old saying, in her hazardous desccnt that night. It' sho did not lovo this brave young stranger, who held hor so firmly in his arms, nnd risked his life for her sake, 1 with every breath ho drew, hor heart was filled with a boundless gratitudo. Down aud down, from one gnarled vino to an other, past tho hoary battlements, past the mulhoncd windows, now suspended in mid-air, anon sliding down tho rugged rock, deceived by a treacherous hold, but pafo at last. Maggie's feet touched the crisp, brown soil of the blighted heath, at the base of tho great tovor ; Uer brave knight relaxed his firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant- | ing and gasping for breath, and thon stood nobly o'ect. 4 Oh, what shall I over do to repay you ?*' began Maggio, in her gratitudo, but lie cut hor short. 44 Hush,*' he said, grasping hor hand; 44 wo shall have tho blood-hound at our heels. Come !' IIo hurried her across tho heath, round tho skirt of tho fir thicket, and under tho baso of tho mountain, toward the cavern known as the ' Hermit's Cave.' Tho cntranco was n lescriWily gloomy in tho fitful light of tho sotting moon ; a gr- at, yawning cluistn opening undor a rocky roof, curtained by black fir-branches and rank growing vines. He smiled down upon her as they noarod this dismal cntranco, something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. 44 Don't ho afraid, little 6no,'.ho said, . kindly; 44 you have been very bravo to night. Wo are stfo now— a friend of mine lives in this gloomy cavo— a good and wise old man, whoso hospitality wc must share :o-night. You can trust mo, can you not ?' ' ^ ,#- 44 1 can trust you,' said Maggie, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wido, rcvcrborating cavern. Away at tho remoto end a taper glimmered, and ns they drew near, Maggie perceived a littlo square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, fitted^ up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing tho garb of an ancient inonk, with a black cowl on his head, and a white, flowing beard, appeared in tho entrance. 44 Who comes?' ho domanded, his voice awakening a thousand sepulchral echoes. 44 A friend,' respoudod tho young man. At tho sound of his voico tho hermit advanced to meet them. 4* You aro wclcome, my son,' ho said ; then his eye tailing on Maggio, who clung 1 to her deliverer's arm half in terror, ho | added, 4*You have succeeded, I sec — come, my child,' extending his hand to her, ' the hermit bids you welcome.' Ho led her into his rudo little temple, and seated her on tho bench boforo tho wood fire that blazed in ono corner. 44 You are white and cold,' he aatd, turning to a small tablo, nnd pouring somo wine from a flask, 'drink this, it will do you good.' Maggio obeyed, and felt the raro old vintago tingling through' her chilled vein?, and bringing a glow to hor cheeks. 4' Aud you, my son,' continued the her mit, turning to the young man, 44 look worn out — a drop will renew your strength.' 33ut the young man shook his head. 44 No wine for mo,' ho said, smiling, 44 but a glass of cold water, if you please — and five minutes to breathe in, then I must leave this young lady in your care, and be off again — tho Earl of Strathspey is a prisoner in the old donjon.' Tho hermit turned in amazement, 44 Tlie Earl of Strathspey a prisoner? How can that bo ?M 4,Tho mau who boars his name, who has been roared as his son, has confined him there to die. 44 And wherefore ?' 44 To secure tho earldom~tho carl doubted that I10 was in truth his son, and talked of renouncing him.' For a minute the two looked into each other's eyes, and then tho hermit laid liis hand upon the young man's shoulder. 44 1 seel' lie answered, solemnly; illinini(lu8 , my son, Heaven's justico may bo slow, but it inxure!' The young man sat silent an instant, and thon he arose, 44 1 must not delay,' ho said ; 44 every moment tells, aud the carl must be rescued this night.' 44 Why not call out tho proper authori ties, and havo the ruins searched ?' sug gested tho hermit, ''That would take timo in this wilder ness,' replied tho other, 44 and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder him while a pair of officers uro pounding at tho gates. No ; I'll try it myself. I've climbed tho tower twice to-night, and I'll' make tho third attempt. I can get on bettor without help than with it.' lie started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. 'If anything should befall me,' he said, coolly, ' and I don't return, you will. seo that-fiiis young lady is restored to her friends ?' 44 1 will,' replied JtSShermit. 44 But, my sun, do not rashly throw away your life.' 44 1 shall save the earl, and myself. too,, if possible/1 war, lira quiet answer. 44 1 think I'm a match for Mother Uwynneth and all her emissaries, tho blood-hound included.' lie took a short knife from a crevice overhead, and put it in his bolt a3 ho enoko. Maggio watched him, with whitening cheeks, her very heart sinking within her. Sho arose, and oxteuded her hand. 44 You risked your lifo lo savo me,' she faltered, 44 and I havo not even thanked you — and now — — ' . 44 My success in saving is ample re ward,' I10 replied, taking her trem bling hand, jmd .retaining it in his firm clasp. 44 You aro not afraid to re main here?' he added. 41 Why do you tremblo so ?' 44 Not afraid — oh, no, not for myself — but for your safety,' sho murmured, dropping her eyes shyly beneath his gazo. A sudden light flashed over her hand some faco,. aud ho raised tho littlo hand ho held to his lips, ivith grave reverence. 14 Do not fear,' ho replied, gently ; ' I shall come to no harm. Farewell I' He turned agdin to go, but looked back, struck with a sudden remembrance. 44 You said you had proof ' ho said, ' that this man who bears tho earl's name is not his son. May 1 ask what proof Maggio resumed her seat, and, with a deprecating glance,' and a movement of exquisite grace and modesty, romoved tho boot from hor dainty foot, and extracted tho yellow paper from its hiding placo be neath tho lining. 44 1 put it thore for safe keeping,' she explained, as Bho handed it to tho young man. 44 1 had only found it when I was drugged and forced from homo.' Ho ran it over with his keen blue oyes, a hot flush mounting to his cheeks. Then ho passed it to the hermit, ' Little girl,' ho said, turning again to Maggie, 44 1 think thero is somo power, I higher aud more divine than mere chance, ' it work for us all to-night. You will think so to, by and by. Good-bye.' Aud, with a bow and Muilo, he dis appeared, and Maggio was left alouo- iu tho hermit's cavo. To bt continued. 