MISS EYOU, OF EYON COURT. By KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of *'Patty," "At the Red Glove," f'The Evil Eye," " Wild as a Hawk," &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. Chapter XII,—(Continued.) He thought he had gone too far, for a alight fluBh rose on Miaa Eyon's pale face; she evidently did not like to hear blame of her old servant. »' if you have nothing more to say, Richard, I will hid you good-night. You will find what I promised you m your room." , , ,, , He tent ever her hand and kissed rns thanks, for those words had a definite meaning for him, and then he opened the door that led into her bedroom. She gave him another suspicious glance. " ETo, I have not finished writing. You can leave me here." Her eyes lingered on him as he went to the other door. She sighed as he closed it behind him. " He is a dear fellow, she said, and he will he thrown away on that nervous, small-natured child ; hut dear as he is I cannot quite trust him, I cannot leave him alone with my papers, the temptation might prove too stroDg " She sat thinking for some time. By the terms of her father s will tire last survivor of his children, male or female, had power to leave the property to whom he or she willed. If ^arjorle died first her share reverted to Miss ^"Her life 1b perhaps no better than mine," she thought; " It would be wiser in every way if she stayed at Byon She stretched out her hand to the hell, and then she drew It back. She re* membered that there was no one left to answer It. She could snmmon Hannah by another hell near her bed, but a hint was never lost on Miss Eyon. After what Mr. Brown had said of bhe old servant she was unwilling to send a message to him by Hannah. .... " If you want a thing done do it your self," she said, and she pub a white shawl that huDg over her chair on her head, and opened the door by which Mr. Brown had deThere was no light in the passage out side. She came hack and lit a candle, and then Bhe went noiselessly along the passage with her long gray skirt gathered up under her arm. She stopped at the door of the young man's room and ^There'waa no answer. She opened the door and went in. The room waB empty, and as Miss Byon looked round she saw that the portman teau and all other signs of an inmate had vanished-a pocket-book that she had placed on the table had also gone. Evi dently Mr Brown had left home to-night Instead of waiting till morning. He was always sudden in his departures. MiBsEyon went back to the passage, but Instead of stopping when she reached the study Bhe went on up the steps and opened the door of the high narrow pas sage. She walked along this, holding her candlestick well in front. She looked much taller than she was, for the shawl had settled in a high peak above her cap, and when she passed through into the second gallery her head-gear touched the top of the doorway. p ^ , . she stopped at the door of the barred room, bent her head, and listened. The silence was deathlike. Miss Eyon bent down and eoftly opened the door. She listened again, bnt there was no sound. The fire still burned on the hearth, and a night-light glimmered faintly on the diersing table. The bed curtains were partly drawn so as to hide the face on the pillow, bnt there was the outline of a figure beneath the coverlet. Still.no sound of breathing. A strange dread came to Miss Eyon. She drew her shawl together and moved gently to the bed and drew aside the cur tains Marjorie's eyes were wide open, her lips were parted with terror. Miss Eyon let bhe curtain fall and reached the door more quickly than might have been ex pected; but before she opened ib there came a piercing shriek from thebed. ? This only served to quicken Miss Eyon s movements. She listened when she was once more Bafe in the passage, but all was again silent. Then as she reached her room Bhe smiled with self-congratulation. "It was fortunate that Bhe was moved to that room," she said ; "no one elae could hear that cry." She wondered when she lay down In bed why Bhe had dreaded to find Marjorie dead instead of asleep. The girl s death would simplify matters "But it would have disappointed Richard, so perhaps lb is best as it is ; the silly baby will go to sleep again and think she haB seen a ghost." 