The Five Comrades. By Saundebs F. Nicholls. CHAPTER XII. With fhe belp of the wafer, which Tom ran to the lake for, Mick, after a while, recovered consciousness, and recovering consciousness with Mick was like every thing else he did— it was done as if he meant it. His eyes were no sooner opened* than, springing to his feet, he shouted, as his great black beard and shock head of hiiir waved in the gusty night air, ' Whar is he ? Whar's that murthurer ?' ' Mick,' said Hugh, taking his comrade by the arm, ' he's gone, whoever he was, and the tone Elk's after him; I'd like to be after him too, added the lad, the light of anger in his eye, and its tone in his resolute voice. ' We were afraid you were badly hurt though.' 'J he boys then learnt, to their astonishment, that it was Knitey Peter who had been so near to them, and who had all but taken the life of their comrade. Picking up his rifle, Mick, though staggering from the effects of his wound, made his way towards the water, followed by lhe lads and the artist'. They were some yards from the fallen ash tree, when the Lone Elk's shot rang out, and turning to the right they made for the direction of the found, only, of course, to find the Indian gone, though so quickly were they on the spot that the scent of powder 'indicated clearly that they stood where the shot had been fired. Leaning his great bulk against a tree, for he was weak from the loss of blood, Mick said, ' It's on the track of him he is, hoys, an' the Lone Elk's enough for a hull tribe of Knifey Peters. But I'll— I'll toiler.' Mick could not get any more out. His head fell for ward, and he slid to the ground senseless again. The water was close at hand, and a plentiful use of this revived the hunter again, but it was evident that in his then condition nothing could be done further in following up the trail, 60, though very reluctantly, the party assisted the wounded man back to fhe camp. Taking a straight course for this they did not pass by tho fallen tree, where the canoes had been sunk, of which act of the half-breed's they therefore knew nothing. As they arrived at the- camp the chief's second shot was heard, which Mick at once said pro ceeded from the far side of the island. In less than half an hour Whistler growled, then barked, and as the dog sprang from his master's side fhe Lone Elk glided . from the darkness into the fire light and took his seat on a pine log by the side of Mick, whose head Hugh had' bathed and bandaged, despite the hunter's assertion that he was all right. The lads noticed, with much wondering interest, that Mick, knowing well the habit of the Indian race, for bore for a while to question his friend, though they— the lads— could with difficulty restrain themselves from doing so. At length, when the chief had filled, lit, and com menced to smoke his pipe, Mick said — ''It is night, end there are great shadows in the woods; did the bullet of the Lone Elk find the villain ':' Taking his pipe from his lips, the Indian replied, in alow, scornful voice : 'The Night Wolf has taken to the water ; fhe Evil Spirit has turned as'ide the bullet ot tho Lone Elk.' The chief was then told who the midnight enemy was, and he in turn informed the others of the sinking . . af the canoes. 'It's but little trouble that'll be to us,' said Mick. ' We'll -have 'em up and make 'em tight an' sound in the morning. And now, me boys, we'll turn in again, as the ghost said when the day began to break.' ' May he not come again, and would it not be better that one of us watc*1, which I will willingly do?' said the artist. ' Hivir a bit of it, me boy, he's like a wild baste. He's made his spi ing an' failed ; he'll not make another yet a while.' When he said this Mick was under the impression that the half-breed, in approaching the camp, had done so with the intention of adding another to his list of crimes. Though this was not actually the case, there is no doubt that had Knifey Peter known of the pn'sence of Mick in the camp - Mick alive and well — not dead far away at the lied Fox Fort, as he thought him, he would, under cover of the darkness, undoubtedly have made an attempt to take the life of tbe hunter in revenge for the blow Mick had struck him daring the affair at the fort. ' Then we can get to' our trapping and hunting with out troubling ourselves about him r' asked Stanley. ' Widout lhe laystest inconvaynience in life. What says the Lone Eik ?'' said Mick. ''The night wolf will not make his den near the sound of the hunter's rifle,' replied the Indian, wrap pin? himself in his robs and laying down again, an ex ample at once followed by the remainder of tbe party. In a week's time Mick's wound was so far healed that he did not suffer any inconvenience from it. By that time, too, the boys hid obtained an insight into the trapping woik of the expedition. Op both streams, the mountain and the plain rivers, as the lads named them, traps were get for beaver and otter, and on the plains and hill sides and in the valleys among the mountains for the foxes gray and red, and for the rare silver fox. For the valuable little ermine, too, and the small musquash ; and the visiting and baiting the traps, with the frequent discovery of a captive, delighted the lads. The art.st occasionally accompanied one or other of the parties for the day on their rounds of the traps— that i--, he would, with gun in hand, leave the camp with them at daybreak ; but the times were very rare that he arrived home with them at uight.* A little reach of clear brown water, shimmering in the sunshine and hiding in the shadow, pierced by flags and water-reeds, and decked with patches of lily-like plants, over which drooped lovingly tbe leafy boughs of bordering tiees, had mote charm for Heron Hindshaw than captive fox or a shot at deer or bear, or at even the great moose itself. ' Ah !' he would say, stopping suddenly, ' look here. Don't let me keep you fellowe. I couldn't pass this.' 'Oh, come along, Heron— if 11 keep; paint that another day. This next trap's our lucky one. There'll be a silver fox to-day,' Hugh would say. 'No: my compliments to the fox— but couldn't, really. I'il make across fhe mountain and meet you at ' the hickory wood.' And out would come the sketch book and Jndixn ink and Chinese white and brushes, and little pannikin for the water; and hunters and game and the great world beyond passed away, and to the artist there was only the greenwood and the water, the darkling shadow and the dancing sunlight. As the dusky twilight crept through the great woods, and hushed to silence the songs and twitter ings of the birdi1, his voice would be heard in the dis tance, as he made his way to tbe camp, singing snatches of songs, fiist heard, perhaps, far away on the distant Rhine or in some high-up attic in the artists' quarter in Paris, or perhaps by the tumbling waters of a little Welsh stream. Tbe canoes had been raised and made as watertight and good as ever, and in these the hunters,, in pairs, made excursions for a. day or two at a time to distant parts of the lake, or far up the Piain River, rarely iv turning without additions for the store of skins and f urs that began to grow to a great heap. One of tho five hunters on these occasions generally remained by the camp to go the round of the rrap«, while Heron Hindshaw, in the neighbouring woods or mountains or oat on the lake, spent the day sketching or fishing, with au occasional shot at the ducks or gee3e. One evening as Mick and Hugh were returning from a two days' expedition up the lake with the skins of several deer and those of a coup'.e of others, Mick ceased paddling, and, laying his hand on'Hugh's shoulder, said, ' D'ye see yon! hill, the wee bit one forninst the black mountain, me boy ?*' 'The one with thn yellow sunlight at the bick, Mick f' replied Hugh, shading his eyes with his hand. *' Aye, now keep yer eye on the top of it, whar the shoulder shows black agin the sky. D'ye make out anything?' Hugh gazed long and steadily ; at length he said, 'Yes, I do, Mick, but whether it is trees moving in the wind, on the top of the ridge, or what it is I don't know.' ' Thar'fl trees lower down, nearer this way, me boy ; ye won't see 'era look like that,' said the hunter. ?' No, they don't; but what is it then, Mick ?' 'They're living, moving critters. It's a moighty big herd of cariboo,' replied Mick, his voice showing that even he was excited by the sight. ' Reindeer !' cried Hugh. ?' Aye, reindeer, as ye call 'em in the settlements, but cariboo as we know 'em in the woods,' said his companion, as he continued to gaze at the barely dis cernible moving line on the distant hill. ' Why, Mick, it's grand ! We musthaye'em,' ex claimed the lad,, all excitement, and dipping bis paddle in the water to head the canoe for the shore, ' Stiddy, me boy, etiddy,' said the older hunter, arresting the movement of his young comrade. ' Tbe critters are two mile3 away if they're a fut. It'll be dark afore we could cover a quarter of the dis tance.' ' What'll you do then, Mick 'r ' asked Hugh, know ing his- companion was not the man to let so good a chance of adding to their store of skins pass without making the most of it. ' They'll not travel further to-night,' said Mick. ' They're making down into the valley, t'other side o' the range. May be, if it's good country they'll not leave it for a day or so— may be they will. Anyways, we'll be thar before morning, wid the five guns of us, an' the artist's too, if he'll come along.' They soon covered the distance to the camp, about three miles away, where they found their comrades and the artist already assembled. There was no little excitement over the news brought by Mick and Hugh, and though all had done a long and good day's work in the woods or on the water, this was forgotten now. ' Hurrah ! ' cried Stanley, giving Tom a slap on the broad of his back that spilt half the can of water he was carrying over his fat, sturdy legs. 'Hurrah!' cried Tom, sending the remainder of the water down his cousin's neck as Stanley was making for the nearest tree. ' I should like to make one of your party, Mick, if you'll have mo,' said Heron. ' It's glad we'll ba to have ye, me boy. The more the merrier,' said Mick. ' Except for the cariboo,' added Hugh. ' Carry who ?' said Tom, who had not before heard the hunter's name for the reindeer. 'Carry-booh ! Tom,' explained Hugh, with laboured distinctiveness. ' That means you — you know- It's the Indian name the Line Elk has given you. 'Piouh:1 means ? Great Warrior,' and ' Carry' means ? '' ?' Oh my eyti .'' sui 1 Toa». 'Yes, that's it. How did you know? 'Oh mv eye Great Warrior1 fits him, don't it, Stanley 'r' said Hugh, regarding Com with mock admiration. ?' Like his clothes,' assented Stanley, who was dry ing his by the fire. ' I'll give you fellows fits,' cried Tom, laughing, and making for the other can of water, while his cousins made for the other side of the fire How the cariboo hunt was to be planned and carried out was the one thing thought and talked of as the party ate their 6upper and smoked their pipes around the camp fire. ' The moon rises at midnight,' said thp Lone Elk. ' Right, chief, I understand ye. We'll take canoe when the moon rises, and make for a mile above whar we sighted the critters.' 'Why not where we sighted them, Mick ?' asked Hugh. ' The wind's from this side, me boy. If we stalked 'em wid the wind we might as well stalk the moon. So now for three hours' eleep, and then away for the cariboo.' As the silvery tip of the moon showed above the placid lake Mick and the Lone Elk were astir. The artist and the three cousins still lay fast asleep. A great bison-like bellow from Mick, however, Eoon aroused the sleeper*, and sent Whistler tearing around the camp, barking and seeking some cause for the unearthly noise. 'What'll you do with Whistler, Heron?' eaid Hugh. ' Leave him in charge of the cimp as usual,' replied the artist. ' There's nothing can tempt him to leave it if I tell him to slay.' So a plentiful supply of meat and bone was left for Whistler, who curled' himself down in front of his master's tent, and five minutes afterwards the canoe, with the five hunters and the artist on board, shot out from the tree-shadowed backwater on to the great waters of the lake, now becoming lit by the soft light of tbe rising moon. (To be continued.) 