THE FUIURE LIFE.—II. THE PRQBABLE MANNER OF OUR RESURRECTION. BT THE REV. F. HASTINGS. Many have been perplexed bv the question as to how we shall rise from the dead. There has been, wide spread in the Church, the idea that we shall all lie in the grave, waiting for the last trump,—that although our bodies shall seem to decay, or be scattered about the world in fragments; all parts will simultaneously and miraculously spring together at the potent sound of the trumpet; that then there will be a rushing in a great mass to judgment. Much of this idea is Jewish and Egyptian in origin. The Jews even thought that the body would rise with all its weaknesses, deformities, and diseases. They had great discussions as to the resurrection, and asked Christ questions about it. It is undoubtedly almost a presumptuous thing to speak of THE PROBABLE MANNER OF OUR RESURRECTION, but we shall do it with a sense of humility arising from a conviction that we have only a very partial light. Shall we then rise from the grave with the identical body which was placed therein 1 The Apostle Paul has been very explicit in one passage in respect to the question. He says, "We sow not the body that shall be." He is speaking of seed corn first and referring to man secondarily. In the Apostles' creed, which is recited by millions now as in the past, Christians say, " I believe in the resurrection of the body." Many say it with a grain of doubt as x to whether it will be the same body. If, however, they would consider that illustration of St. Paul (I Cor. xv.) they would find light on the perplexing point. Paul teaches us that we shall have a body, that it will •seem as real and tangible as the one we now possess. He teaches us that as the seed is cast into the ground and decays, so the body is to decay, but out of it is to spring a body as real, as visible, as tangible to the beings of another state as the present body we wear is to our fellows in this mundane state. Another thing Paul plainly teaches, viz., that it is to be « spiritual body. " There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body." Now the two terms, spirit and body, seem opposed, but they are not necessarily so. A " spiritual body" means a body adapted to the spiritual state. The soul must take upon it some form. It must have some " vehicle"—to use an old term—or some dwelling place. Pure being may be as intangible as thought. Thought dwells in the brain, so the soul will dwell in a spiritual body hereafter. We get some further light on this point from the resurrection of Christ. After He rose He could be touched. He moved about as before. He passed through fastened doors in the apartment -where the disciples were assembled. He walked to Enimaus and sat down as an invited guest to meat. He walked on the sea-sliore and directed toiling fishermen where to cast the net. He took a piece of brolied fish and of a honey cotab. He ate before his disciples. He said once, " Handle me, a spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see me have." He meant that a mere ghost had not such form. Yet He was wearing a spiritual body, and He may have suspended for a time, by the exercise of Divine will, the laws under which spiritual bodies exist. He rose, however, with that same body to heaven. He wears it still. What Christ was after His resurrection shows us what we are to be, and gives us hints of the conditions under which we shall exist. " We are to be like Him." It is not probable then, that the body we shall have hereafter will be the one that corrupted in the grave. This body must decay. That which we sow is not quickened, except it die. It lives in the decaying. That which is given will however seem to us to be as much part of our real body as our present body. It will probably seem identical with this. We must remember too that there may be some variety of form, for a body is to be given such as will be determined by God. " God giveth it a body as it pleaseth Him." As all things here are adapted by His wisdom, and evolved by His power, so will they be in the future. There is a Divine purpose and power operating in every change, and controlling every circumstance. Every change means advance. All movement is upward. To the perfect is a higher perfection. However glorious our natures, they are to be still more glorious in harmony with the good pleasure of the divine will. We believe therefore in respect "to our future body that it will be one appropriate to the conditions oj our future existence. Probably it will not be subject to variations in state, •or weariness, or decay. That which is incorruptible will not be worn out or decay. Our present body has constantly to be built up by food. Food makes blood. The power in the .muscles of the heart carries that blood over the body, Those muscles have a power, for a certain length of time, of •expansion and contraction. By them it is that the blood is distributed through the body so that those parts needing sustenance receive it. These muscles go on expanding and contracting without effort, without exhaustion for a certain time. We can imagine a similar power being given to the whole body in the future, so that it shall exist without effort or need of renewal. But we know not the conditions of the future state, we only believe that whatever they are our resurrection body will be adapted to them. We rather conceive of the resurrection as now going on. Christ said " I am the resurrection." He did not mean merely he would be at some far off period. It is a continuous development rather than a spasmodic and miraculous event. Hence if we so regard it, we shall see that the illustration Paul uses concerning the seed corn is most suggestive. We shall see that the resurrection body doubtless grows out of this as the ear of corn comes from the single " bare grain." The single seed lies just under the ground. The moisture and warmth of the ground causes it to swell, to open and to sprout. From the innermost kernel comes a tiny little blade whicih has a wonderful life in it, and which begins to ^expand upwards and push its way past hard pieces of earth diud stones, seeking the sunlight. It is connected with the decaying seed, and strikes rootlets, with powers unthought of, for suction, and absorption, and discrimination of the very particles that may be necessary for the building up of the new existence. The husk completely decays when it has served its purpose, but the life is continued in another form, a form with stalk, blades, and ear, most glorious as compared with the single compressed seed. Thus with the natural body, it may be buried or burned, drowned or broken, scattered to the four quarters of the globe, but- out of it has been springing a body which is full of glory. It is not to rise in weakness, but "clothed in power." By reason of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and the working of His Spirit, there will be a " clothing upon " us hereafter of a body which is to be " like to His glorious body." We are to have in the future a dwelling—to change the figure to another which was used by an apostle,—a " habitation for the Spirit." When we put off this tabernacle we are to have a " building of God," a production of Divine power " eternal in the heavens." We shall have a spiritual body fitted to the conditions of the future state of glory promised by our Saviour ? It will ba seen from these remarks then, that we cannot believe that the resurrection body will be identical with the corruptible body we now possess. Suppose we were to suggest that it would be the same, we should then have to ask the question as to which body we would have. We change the particles of our material body several times in life; should we have our youthful or our aged self 1 Moreover, as individuals we must remember that in us are probably many particles that once helped to compose the bodies of other men. To this Shakespeare refers when he speaks of the possibility of the " Dust of Caesar stopping a bunghole ; " indeed, we ordinary mortals may all have in us, by natural process, the dust of some extraordinary men. The theory so long held and so persistently propagated that we shall have the identical body, is fraught with difficulties and beset with teeming absurdities. That, however which regards the future body as an outgrowth from this is much more apprehensible and in harmony with the analogy of the Apostle concerning the seed corn. The inspired word tells us " That which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body which shall be, but bare grain." Some might object that to argue in the way that we have done is to present gross and materialistic ideas concerning the future. Not so, but we seek to avoid that materialism which repels, and on the other hand, that spiritualistic method which leaves nothing for the mind to apprehend. We dare not lead men to think that we shall each be in the future an airy nothingness, floating in mysterious ether intermingled with other souls, or soul matter, and all so exactly alike,that there would be no possibility of knowing the spirit of Abraham from Moses or of Paul from Peter. Some might here say, "Ah, but we don't believe in the resurrection, there are so many difficulties about it." But we must only reply that we are not arguing as to the possibility of a future life as we have already touched on that subject, but of the probable manner of the resurrection. We draw our anology from the seed. There is a mysterious germ of life working in the believer which will raise liini not only to judgment but to eternal life. We cannot comprehend it anymore than we can understand the mystery of God's working in the natural world. " Oh, how awful is the thought of the wonders underground ; Oh, the mystic changes wrought in the silent dark profound ! How each thing is upward tending by necessity decreed, And the worlds support depending on the shooting of a seed." God, who has resuscitated the race so often and so regularly by the supply of grain, will, by the same power, raise us to another state of being in which we shall wear the outward frame he has appointed. After all we may say to objectors that the idea of a resurrection is surrounded by no greater difficulties than the fact of our present existence. What a mystery is the present life ! That we should live and move as we do under certain physical laws would have seemed to us an impossibility, if we suppose we could have existed in some previous state, and were to try to conceive this. Suppose a fish, say a trout, to be endowed with intelli gence; and suppose that it could be made to understand that there was another state wherein beings moved about; it could not easily conceive that we could live without being surrounded by water. Suppose it could watch the grub of a dragon fly crawling up the stalk of a reed, towards the air, it might say, "Foolish thing, it had better keep at the bottom of the river, than attempt to get out of its element." And when it should see the shell of the grub fall back and sink in the waters, it might say, "Ah, that is all that comes from such aspirations after another life. The grub being is dead, and done with." It might imagine that there is no future existence for it because it could not see beyond the waters. Directly its eyes might be out of the water, there would be such a film over them that it could not even see that from the grub form that had felt the strange upward impulse, another form had emerged. It could not follow it in its flight, as now with airy, gauzy wings, the dragon fly floats with very different tastes and unimagined powers,, over gardens, meadows, and hills, brooks; hedgerows, trees, and rivers. As the grub life is continued in the dragon fly, the form only being changed, so we believe our resurrection life will be a continuity. It may be that we have already in germ, or partially developed, our future resurrection body. All the developments of the future in respect to the body, we believe will not be arbitrary, but according to the working of a natural law. God will give a body as it hath pleased Him, and to every seed its own body. There is a divine plan with respect to the resurrection. It is not easy at once to determine from Scripture as to whether the resurrection of the body will take place immediately after death, or ages hence, after a long period of unconsciousness. Two resurrections are referred to in the Bible, that from sin, and that from the grave. When Christ said, " The hour is coming, and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son, of God," etc., he was doubtless speaking first of the spiritual awakening from sin, secondly, of the resurrection of the body ; the redeemed body j the body which is given by God to each believer. Hence, we find that when Christ, on the cross, had effected the full sacrifice for a world'B guilt, and when He " cried with aloud voice, yielding up the ghost," that the "graves were opened, and many bodies of the saints that slept, arose and came out of the graves after His resurrection, and went into the holy city and appeared (or had appeared) unto many." Because Christ had. risen, death had no longer power to hold the holy and recently deceased. They arose, possibly as gently and quietly as we awake from sleep, and "entered into the holy city." So may it be now, there has been a continuous resurrection. We cannot believe that, when the breath has passed from the body, we simply enter on a long, long, long sleep, to lie still possibly for thousands of years. We cannot believe that that God, who is the God not of the dead, but of the living," could be Himself content to leave some in a state of such long unconsciousness, waiting for a given signal to rise. Moses and Elijah knew nothing of such a long sleep, for they were alive and conscions on the Mount of Transfiguration. Paul anticipated nothing of the kind, for he said, "Absent from the body, present with the Lord," and, " To die is gain." He seemed to be " clothed upon with his house (i. e. his body) which is from Heaven." Peter did not expect this when he was about to put off his " tabernacle ' as the Lord Jesus Christ had showed him. And the seer of Patmos did not expect it when he gazed with raptured vision on the Holy City " prepared as a bride for her husband," the city in the light of which " the nations of them which are saved shall walk," the city where are the throne of God and of the Lamb, and where " His servants shall serve Him." (Rev, xxii 3.) Some will perhaps object that we are likely to overthrow the faith of some saying that the resurrection is past already. We do not say that. We say that the resurrection is a continuity, and that it is going on now. We are in the resurrection period. We believe that the resurrection day of the just, is the whole long period that intervenes between the resurrection of Christ, and the time when the. last believing soul will be garnered. We know that the words " day" and " period," whether mentioned in Genesis or Revelation are synonymous, and the day of resurrection is the period of resurrection. In confirmation of the above we cannot but remember that the seer of Patmos represents the saved as risen, and as consciously happy, singing the song of Moses and the Lamb. The beings of an unfallen state would not understand that song, so it must refer to the spirits of the just made perfect and risen. Further, in the parable of Dives and Lazarus, we know that both ate represented as alive immediately after death, and as conscious, the one of intense comfort, and tne other of unutterable suffering. Dives was further conscious that his brothers were still living and wasting life's most valuable opportunities of salvation, even as he had done, nelgecting Moses and the prophets, and caring only for clothing of purple and fine linen, and sumptuous feasts. We believe also, that the moment when the individual soul passes from the body into the unseen, is the supreme moment, the period, the day of resurrection to that sou], when it receives the body that is given by God. We believe that that also is the day of judgement to that soul. Then the individual soul is judged, and according to that judgement will range itself in God's universe on the right oi' left hand—among the sheep or among the goats. There will be, however, a last great day of judgment, when God's doings will all be made manifest, Christ's work glorified, evil condemned and righteousness upheld before an assembled universe. This view of the subject, viz., that we receive at once after death our resurrection body has a very powerful influence on our present life. We know that the occupation, temperament, character, habitual thoughts and surroundings stamp themselves upon our thoughts here. They mark themselves in the countenance. They stamp themselves into that spirit-body which is the outgrowth of this, as the blade, stalk, and full dkr is the outgrowth of the single " bare grain " that is cast into the ground. If we have loved evil and indulged in sin, we shall find that as the mildew in the corn stops the reproductive power of each grain, so sin will hinder us from going from stage to stage of progressive being. Not only spiritual sterility, but positive evil will be stamped on the unholy. These will awake only to shame and everlasting contempt. The state we call death m akes no change in the spirit, but only in the form that spirit' takes. The character of that heavenly "spiritual body" will therefore answer te what we are. All will be in harmony with a lofty law of which we are even cognisant here. Our heaven will be what we individurlly are to it, and our resurrection spirit-body be the form fitting to our capacities or spirituaf attainments. These thoughts then, teach us to be careful as to how we live here, as to how we treat our bodies. We catch a glimpse of the Apostle's meaning when he exclaims, " What! know ye not that your bodies a.te the temples of the Holy Ghost ?" We may not sin against the present body, for in doing that we sin against the future. We may not make excuses for sin. Faith in Christ's great sacrificial work leads to full forgivenness, helps us off the sand-banks or rocks of sin, stops the leakage, lifts the masts, sets the sails, puts the helm into our hands, and points us to the celestial haven, and the Spirit's power gives the wind to propel, and the water to float us into that haven. We must not make our faith the excuse for running too close to the cruel coast of wordliness or the sunken rocks of temptation. Her Majesty's gunboat " Wasp " went too near the coast of Ireland and struck a sunken rock. The captain jsaid he did not think there were dangerous rocks in such deep water, but his mistake did not bring back the sunken vessel. Let us keep in the open sea of truth and purity, and so make full sail, and hasten on the the coming of that period when we shall stand complete for ever in Christ. . We have no need to dread the future, no need to fear death ; but we can look forward to it as the entrance to a higher state of being. To be concluded on Page 6. IjVlhat consolation we we gain also from these thoughts! Go then, look in the face of some dear one departed, on that face you loved, into those eyes, that responded to your glance, and upon that mouth that will never utter here again words of love ; touch with your lips lightly that brow like chill marble, once the temple of thought ; lift that hand, orce so graceful in action, so ready to do good, now so palsied ; turn away with sinking heart, and perhaps with bitter moan over thy loss. Turn thou away, bereaved friend, sister, brother, parent, husband, or widow, but know that thy dear one is even now, a risen, glorified being, wearing already the resurrection spirit-body, which has been given according as it pleased God. Out of that decaying corrupting form you hasten to bury, has the real being you loved risen in Christ. Our dear ones are not perished, they are only CHANGED, TBANSLATED, GLOEIFIBD. The heavens, through the long ages of the past have been gathering precious successive harvests of the holy and the faithful. He who takes is able to restore. He who rose from the grave in all the majesty of divine power, will raise those we have had to lose and mourn,—those whose loss is not lessened by the years, nor the memory of them dimmed by the multiplicity of after events. The loved and lost are risen. They and we are in the last period, or stage, the resurrection period. Wherefore sorrow not as those who have no such hope. Looking back over the various steps in our thought on this subject, we conclude then that we shall have an actual spiritual body such as God determines to bestow, one appropriate to our future environment, one that will grow out of this as the ear of corn from the single grain ; that that spiritual body is developing in us unseen at the present time; that the day of death is the dropping of the old husk for the fuller revelation of the spiritual being ; that there is to be no long period between the moment when the mortal body decays and the new is given, and that what we are here in character we shall be in the world to which we hasten. We have seen also, that such views have a powerful moral influencs in this life, and give immense consolation as we think of the present happiness and glory of those who have departed in the faith, of the blessed dead who died in in the Lord. Let men who can be content to be " oast as rubbish to to the void" be satisfied to live for the world if they will; we dare not! We must seek to have more and more of of that faith which is the germ of life, which will show> when we shall fully receive our resurrection body, the full corn in the ear. 