AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA, &C.; Captain Swift has proved a financial failure in Melbourne, judging from the attenuated attendance at the performances given in the Princess's Theatre for the last fortnight We are not surprised that Mr. Charles Warner should feel intensely chagrined and disappointed at this result, for he had not alone invested a consider able sum of money in the purchase of the Aus tralian rights totiie piece, but the principal character is one in tho impersonation of which he positively revels. It suits him in every par ticular. It might have been written lor him. Swift, the ex-bushranger, is a melodramatic hero, and the genius of tho old transpontine stage seem3 to havo interpenetrated Mr. Warner's entire being. During his first season at tho Princess's ho contrived to shake off tem porarily certain mannerisms which imparted a sameness to almost every character he assumed, and ho thus scored a gratifying success : so much so that we understand this actor has realised no less than £15,000 during his visit to Australia. Success sometimes spoils men. They arrive at the conclusion that their triumph is duo to their inherent and commanding abilities, ir respective of surrounding conditions and circum stances. In Captain Swift we have repeated a good deal of the business noticeable in Charles Surface, Henry Doruton aud others, so far as the nature of the part will admit. But Mr. Warner, from the peculiarities of tho hero he has to depict, has been obliged ta suppress the old characteristic giggle, the poke in the ribs and tho coquettish walk up tho stage to the back. In lieu of these ho intensifies the termagant, sentimental and quasi-romantic tendencies of hU representation, so that when the audience should be most affected to tears they are found endeavoring with difficulty to suppress their laughter. Every scene in the play involves either an absurdity or a uoir if) nit nr. Why should the author have made Mrs. Sea'orook the foolish mother of Wilding ? Why should Stella agonise over the handsome stranger and relinquish him for the insipid youth, Harry Seabrook? She was not alive to his antecedents, and the experience of woman 's love is that it is all sacrificing for tiie object of affection. Why should Marshall, the foster brother of Wilding, take such a rooted and instinctive hatred to the man and be the means of precipitating the catastrophe? There are many other points which go to show that tho piece has been written upon linc3 wholly at variance with tho ordinary conduct of dramatic construction. If it were necessary to embody the idea of a scoundrel becoming amiable and shooting him self rather than compromise those who had befriended him, the character might have been subordinated so that the curtain should not fall upon a tragic dcnoueucHl. There should be some slight clement of tho c omie in troduced, if it were only to relieve the audience from the possible contingency of being drowned in tears. There is always scope for humor in connection with fashion able families whose idiosyncrasies can be made to appear more or less amusing. In Captain Swift all are given to tho " weepy " sido of human nature. The hero is a sorrowful Wertcr ; Mr. Seabrook is an old gentleman with only a limited intellectual visio n ; Harry Sea brook is absolute'- negative, except that lie grows reproachful at times to the young lady whom he takes for granted his appearance and manners have captivated ; Mr. Gardiner, tho Queensland squatter, is a tolerably good naturod fellow, who seems to sympathise with the bushranger's fate ; Marshall is. not unlike the ghost of a murdered man on the track of tho villain; Michael Ryan is n coarse, rough,' practical fellow, whose calling as a detcctivo is stamped on every lineament of his features; Mrs. Seabrook is a veritable Madame Viue ; Stella is a broken-hearted schoolgirl ; Lady Staunton audMabel Seabrook arc mere lay figures From first to last the utter lugubriousncss of the business is unbroken by a single spark of pleasantry. At the same time it must be uuroservedly acknowledged that in some of the situations Sir. Warner was thoroughly effective, and helped to relieve tho moroseacss of tho monotone that occasionally caused matters to drag. Whore Wilding approaches Stella Darbyaliiro aud delicately conveys his feelings of love and admiration for her, and refers to tho supreme delight of one who . had been a wanderer upon tlio earth ncquiring a liomo aud a worthy partner in life, he dis played a tenderness and patho3 that only the true actor could simulate. Miss Cracie Warner also played iu this scene with exquisite taste, and in truth made the picture complete. Again, iu the scene where, just as Wilding is driven to extremity, Stella enters, and without uttering a word takes what she feels to be au eternal farewell of tho man alio loves, the effect was almost thrilling. But iu many points tho business was over accentuated, and it is really calling too heavily upon one's oredulity to suppose that a man when ho finds himself run to earth through his own fatuity should weep) because apparently ho is obliged to have recourse to suicide. Mr. Vincent makes an excellent Mr. Seabrook, and Mrs. Seabrook finds au able ropresontativo in Miss Ada Ward, whom wo havo seldom seen play better. Mr. Riohard Stewart, junior, wallra through his part, and his dry flat intonation sounds in disillusionising aontrast to the gorgeous scenery around him- Mr. Flcmming is all that could bo desired as the Queensland squatter. Mr. Alfred Phillips could not possibly havo rendered tho part of Marshall more odious or detestable. The minor parts do not call for notice. Tho Silver King after an unusually successful season was Last uight withdrawn from the stage of tlio Royal to mako room for a revival of Harbor Lights. At tho Alexandra, Mr. Dampior has found it necessary to substitute tho "Wages of Sin in lion of Hamlet. Sliakspcnro will not draw unless under special circumstances and powerful attractions, a fact with which Mr. Dampior's long oxporionco should have rendered him familiar. One good actor or actress does not make a Sliakspcarcan performance anymorethan one swallow does a summer. Tho Alexandra (Theatre as a successful plaeo of popular resort is still upon its trial, and a few more failures liko that of Hamlet might seriously pre judice its futuro prospects. Wo believe that if anyono could mako tlio barn liko premises an attractive homo of tho drama it would be Mr. Dampior, but of late lie lias not been exhibiting tliat capacity to catch the public shown in tho earlier period of his management. With every respect for Mr. Dampicr and tho leading lady members of his company, we think a change at times would be appreciated, and there should bo a strict avoidance of allocating parts simply upon tho principlo of consan guineous relations between the manager and the actress. It is Btated that Mr. D.nnpier lias signed a leaso of the theatre for 12 months at a high figure. If lio desires to successfully com- peto with rival forces, ho will havo to striko out new lines and give tlio public something more than "the dead leaves of things." Fun on the Bristol still holds its own at the Opera House. Mr. Snazelle'sentertainment at the Athenieum lias drawn excellent houses during the week. This is no more than could be anticipated hav ing regard to the superior and attractive charac ter of the performance. Tho Hiseoeks London Pavilion Company are having a good time of it at St. George's Hall. Jolly Nash, it is needless to say, is a host in him self, and bis songs form a pleasing though not necessarily the most potent attraction of the show. Mr. D. Christie Murray delivered the last of his series of lectures, at the Town Hall, Mel bourne, on Saturday evening last, to a good bouse. His literary reminiscences were exceed ingly interesting, and were listened to by his audience, which included tho leading litcrallioi Melbourne, with tho most profound attention. Mr. Murray next proceeds to Ballarat and Sand hurst, and thence to Sydney and Brisbane, where wo have little doubt lie will be accorded a hearty welcome. Tlie movement in favor of making a suitable presentation to Signor and Signora Majeroni, prior to their departure for tlie Cape, has been taken up heartily, and nothing could better demonstrate their popularity than the wide spread desire on tlio part of the public and of members of tho profession to co-operato. No two artists ever deserved more at the hands of playgoers and of their confreres. From the first appearance in Mel bourne diu'ingthc earliest visit of Madame Ristori they may bo said to liavo been identified with tlie colonial stage, which tliey have done much to ennoble and elevate. Their stylo of acting and the class of dramas tliey produced were of a nature calculated to leave their impress for good behind them. Single handed at times, tliey held tlio bridge against the inundation of meretricious rubbish, and to some extent pre vented the stage in the colonies becoming tho vehicle of mere sensationalism and melo dramatic insipidity. It is to bo hoped that tliey may receive that recognition which their merits liavo earned for them, atul that tho playgoers of Melbourno will respond gladly and cominen- suratoly to tho general wish manifested to do justice to tho career of two such worthy and prominent artists. Messrs. Brough and Boucicault havo hit the public taste in Sydney with Goldsmith's fine old English comedy of She Stoops to Conquer, at the Criterion. Tlio Rosa Towers Company is at tlie Gaiety. Kennedy, tho mesmerist, has returned to Sydney. Joe Brown still at tho helm. Tho Silbons and Harry Rickards are pleasing tho Adelaido public. Tho Midgets are also doing fair business. Katie Putnam is still in Brisbane. Jennie Lcc re-opens to-night at the Princess's Theatre in Jack in tho Box. Maccabe, tho patriarch of monologue enter tainers, has gono to New Zealand. Mr. Davis, of Hobart, lias purchased the local theatre. 