WOODEN 1) .l‘JJTERARY XM\\) 'DIALECTIC... SOCIETY. .The above Society met-..last night, the business of the evening... being the reading and discussion of letters seu.t to the Editor’s Box. -There was a fair attendance of lady members, but some of. the. fairly regular masculine attendants wpre absent. Tips iirst fetter propounded the query.; . whether there was any.foundation for a belief 'in Spiritualism? |;,The enquirer plso desired' to know .whether, the. tales, lie liad heard abqqt table-rappiug were. true.. Was it possible to snake a fable moTe without using physical force, directly or indirectly. . ‘ . Mr Muntz ridicjiled the-idea of any ttue grounds for spiritualism, and characterised the stories about table .turning, as simply .‘.rot,’ to use not a very choice term but a very emphatic, .one,, , . ... . Mr!;Daniel did not know, anything about the subject, except in a genera^way. Though t • /superstitious beljef in ghost^: liad something. to do; with leading people into a belief in spiritualism. „ u •» • •• . . • Mf. Jenkins spill he .could not see. any • real-belief in Spiritualists, The tricks of • tlie spiritiialisji'mediums, pad been exposed time after tjnte,' He thought the general liut-often unconscious and unacknowledged: • belief in gliosfs' had something to do with ; the acceptance -.of this idea of spiritualism. ' . The Bev 'Mr,Taylor though we could go .even deeper fPrrthe cause that made some mipds accept spiritualism than the mere belief in ghosts, .••'.That cause was the univeri s.nl. belief5in a spirit .world, and, the desire of .Ipixinga, tangJilfc proof of itvas well as com? mmricafing with it.- , : . . • ■ • . ‘Mr Jplinsop, Mr Kervill.e;, Mr Corke, andr Mr K. pibbs expressed their disbelief iii spiriluajisin. ... .. ., i. . . if ..The .next ,question was—Do snakes lay’ eyes, and- have tbev legs? ..it elicite.il the* fact that .all snakes.do not lay .eggs, though' some dp! and tlpit though snakes do (lot have legs, vet there, are some, which have ruih.i .m,entafv ones..yuder the skin, hut which are apparently of no use, . , t , . i>- • • ■, , The last question wanted to know whether opr optional game, was football, ,ami. if so, denounced it as a ’ brutal mil*. Thu general opinion held, was tluit football as usually played, at any rate in country towns, jvns toil tough a nature, ami the surroundings very objectionable, ■ i h . ,Tbe meeting adjourned, after the usual votesbf thanks. ’Facilities lire afforded, for a visit to Melbourne and'a visit to. the C/elorama. To-morrow morning- excursionists rimy, leave, (iy the' seven o’clock train ill the 'morning 'only, ,,'Xlie . charges are— children'is' 2d return.“and adults'3s 6d* return,'arid Gd and is' extra Foradinis sioW.'iuto.- ’the Ci'clofriina, , The tickets will^'he'ay'ailalVle "until tlie last train (bxpiess .'trains! excepted) “on Saturday 'night1 next. ■ 