THE SUGAR BOUNTIES CONVENTION. -* TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR-It is in the highest degree interesting, and ought to be in an equal degree instructive to the inhabitants of these colonies, to watch the controversy in the United Kingdom respecting the recently signed Sugar Bounties Convention, inasmuch as not only is the Convention a distinct attempt on the part of a minority of Lord Salisbury's Cabinet to galvanise into a new life the ghost of protection, which it had been supposed was laid, so far as the United Kingdom was concerned, for ever in the dust, just because the Convention is fraught with consequences of the first importance to the colonies. It is well known that Lord Salisbury himself, ultra Tory as he is, is opposed to any attempt to revive the' protection controversy in the L ii ted Kingdom, and he has openly said that it is hopeless to expect that the people of the United Kingdom will name commit themselves to a policy of protection ; Det there are two prominent and active members of Lord Salisbury's Cabinet, Mr. Ritchie and Baron Worms, who for years past have been irrevocably committed to a policy as respects sugar bounties, which call it what they will, is neither more nor less than protection. Mr. Ritchie, Boruo 15 years since, won his first seat in the House of Commons for the Tower Hamlets by distinctly avowing his determination to aid the sugar-refining interests of the East and of London by opposing the bounty system, and he has never been allowed to draw back from the position be then assumed. Baron Worms is bound band and foot to the West Indian sugar planters, whose interests have suffered largely by the bounty system. It has not been possible for either of these gentlemen, now that they are in the Cabinet of the Government, to ignore the pledges given on the hustings, which pledges have in no small degree contributed to place them where they now are. Mainly owing to their exertions the Sugar Bounties Convention has been signed, which is shortly to be laid on the table of the House of Commons. Whether, now that they have succeeded in getting the convention signed, it will be recognised and adopted by the Salisbury Government as a measure for which it is entitled to take credit, or whether, if they fail to carry it through the House of Cotrcmoaa, it will be disavowed as in no sense a part of the Government policy, time will show. A The Sugar Bounties Convention, so far as at present understood, is an agreement on the part of the signatory Governments to abolish sugar bounties and also to prohibit imports of sugar from any country, the Government of which shall not have given in its adhesion to and signed the convention ; the first condition is dependent on and inseparable from the second. The convention is, in effect, an agreement between Continental Governments who hitherto have granted bounties on exported sugar to put an end to the bounties on condition that her Britannic Majesty's Government will agree to prohibit the import into the United Kingdom of sugars exported from any country the Government of which may not sign the conven- tion and may continue to give a bounty. The conven- tion seems to be, so far as the United Kingdom's concerned, one-sided, and conceived exclusively in the interests of the sugar rofmera and of the sugar-, growing dependence of the United Kingdom and it appears to be opposed to the interests of the consumers of the _ United Kingdom, who, being the largest con- sumers in the world, may have something to say about it. The second condition of the convention has evidently been imposed upon the United Kingdom because it is the largest consumer in the world; and in this view of the matter it is worth noting that the sugar bounties have had two results so far as the United Kingdom is concerned, viz., to make sugar cheaper in the United Kingdom than in any other country, and to increase the consumption in the United Kingdom far and away beyond that of any other nation. The consumption of sugar last year in the United Kingdom rots - to 1,200,000 tons being 13-16. per head of the population as against 100lbs. per head at which it stood in 1846. Hard facts prove that the main result of the Bounty System has been to tax the continent of Europe seven to eight millions sterling per annum in order that the people of the United Kingdom may be provided with cheap sugar and the second condition of the convention clearly tends in the direction of excluding the people of the United Kingdom from buying in any bounty-fed country where sugar might be bought cheap. Sir Thomas Farrer has already pointed out that if the House of Commons should agree to this convention and give its sanction to the principle which it involves, it will be bound to go further in the same direction and apply the principle to other trades where the bounty system is favoured and that if the principle is applied in the case of sugar it must also be applied in the case of frozen meat. Now, the Argentine Republic gives, an export bounty on frozen meat, and under the influence of the export bounty the export of frozen meat from the Argentine to the United Kingdom is attaining very large proportions; indeed the Argentine Republic is the only competitor in the frozen meat trade whom the Australian colonies have to contend with. If then, the ' Salisbury Government, by dint of its present large. majority in the British House of Commons, succeeds in carrying the Sugar Bounties Convention, a principle will have been admitted and established in the one trade ' which must of necessity be admitted and established in the other. The colonies may then claim that the same rights and privileges shall be conceded to them in the frozen meat trade which will have been conceded to the continental beet sugar growers they must and they will claim them and their claim must be allowed. I Lambe, GEORGE WHITE. - April 30, 1889. - - . ' 