West Maitland Rowing Club. The banks of the Hunter in the vicinity of the West Maitland Rowing Club wore an unusually lively aspect on Boxing Day on account of the large number of people that lined its banks to witness the outrigger races got up by the above club for its members. The first prize was a valuable gold medal, presented by the committee, and manufac- tured at the establishment of Messrs. Buman nnd Laskie, of this town ¡ second prize, a set of gold studs, presented by Mr. H. Bussell ¡ and third prize, a very nice Bilver-mounted pipe, presented by Mr E. Carter. Twenty-three entered for the race, and io evenly were they handicapped, that eighteen ac- cepted, and though there was the usual number of " dead birds," they went down wop by those who Lad not the ghost of a show before they went to the post. Mr. Captain John James and Mr. R. Brown acted as masters of the track, Mr. J. J. Webb per- formed the duty of starter very impartially, Mr. T. Doosey officiated as judge at the winning post, and gave every satisfaction, and the energetic Secretary, Mr. J. Taylor, officiated with very good success. 1\. The first three to face the starter were G. Webb, 9secs., R. Grimmond 57secs., F. Smith Glsecs. start. The two long start men were sent on their journey, but Grimmond in hugging the bank too close came foul of a willow about 100 yards after starting, and before he got fairly going again Webb was well nigh level with him and ultimately passed him about half way to the buoy, and then went hammer and tongs for the leader, who for the want of condition soon cried a go, and left Webb to finish rather easily. 2\. C.Lethbridge70secs" G.Lethbridge61secs.,and Jas. Webb scratch were next to appear, and a great race ensued for about three parts of the journey, when C. Lethbridge and J. Webb fouled, which enabled G. Lethbridge to get well away and win by six or eight lengths. . 3\. H. Bogan 82secs., E. E. Carter 34secs., and S. Webb 30secs. wore the next three sent on their journey, and a great race between Carter and S. I Webb took place all the way ; but Webb, having | most condition, wore Carter down before reaching homo, and beat him by about a length and a-half, Carter very much pumped out. 4\. T. Varley Sesees., E. Goodman 52sece., I and T. Wormleaton 3secs. were the next | \ sont away, and a real set-to between Varley and ¡Goodman was witnessed nearly all the way, but Varley's condition stood him well, and finally carried him to the front at the right end, thus winning by about two lengths. Wormleaton pulled well, but not in his old form, evidently not on the job. . 5. Phil. Ternes 64 secs., D. Clark 59 sees., and " W. leopold were the next three to face the flag. I Ternes was voted a real dead bird for this heat, and I as Leopold is a good stayer, though a little slow, j| and evidently was on the job, a good race was I looked for between these two ; but Clark, whose J trainer did not turn up to put the finishing touch I on bim, was looked upon as a winner if the other i two fell out. After the men were sent away, Clark went rather wide, which lost him a few lengths. > However, he pulled well, and, after a hard ft, struggle, caught Ternes at the buoy, and getting I ' round first, established a good lead. Leopold f1 shortly after passed Ternes, and went after the leader, but was too heavily handicapped to catch him, Clark winning rather easily by 6 or 8 lengths, amidst great cheering. 6\. This heat brought out J. D. Hamilton 72 sees., and J. Goodman 6 sees., two noted stayers. J. Chapman being indisposed was unable to go to the post, so the starter dispatched them on their journey, and a great race took place all the way, Goodman finally winning by about a length and a half. Had Hamilton had a little condition put on him he must have had a better show. SECOND ROUND IN PAIRS. G. Lethbridge met D. Clark, who, being a new member, did not strive to get into condition, not thinking bo much steam was required in a boat race. Lethbridge went to the front after starting and kept there, winning easily. Varley and Goodman were the next pair dis- patched. Varley making the best of his start I never allowed Goodman to get near him, and the proverbial whisper " he aint on the job" soon went round. Varley won easily. The Webb Bros, were the next pair sent away, and although many thought it was sauared which should win, the race did not justify such an asser- tion, as it was, the best race of the day and done in the fastest time, G. Webb not being able to catch the little 'un till more than half way, and only just beat him by about a length on the post. Final Heat. T. Varley .;. 1 G. Lethbridge. 2 G.Webb . 3 Once on their journey Varley and Lethbridge made a great effort to get to the buoy first, but in rounding the sandy point they fouled, but Leth bridge gave way-though not his fault-bo that the foul was very little advantage to Webb, who was pegging away behind thom, but a little too heavily handicapped. Lethbridge pulled a game race all the way, as did Webb, but could not got within 6 or 8 lengths of Lethbridge, who was beaten by Varley by about two lengths amidst great ex- citement, because the pots had all boiled over. The prizes were all paid aver by the captain after the last race, each one being congratulated upon his victory. The winners suitably replied. A bronze medal was presented to the committee to give as a fourth prize to the competitor rowed out by the winner, and the donor turned out to be the recipient of it, he having been rowed out by Varley. Cheers for the president, vice-president, captain, secretary and the committee brought a «uccessful afternoon's sport to a close. We are asked to say that the secretary, Mr. J. Taylor will be most happy to receive a trophy from any gentlemen desiring to encourage this noble sport of rowing. 