Maria's Novel. I am afraid that I have neglected to in form you of an important matter in our domestic life,which-but, come to think, how could I tell you; as it was only last wek' I found it out myself. Maria has written a book I For months past, indeed ever since last Christmas, she has, at some period of tho day, abEented herself in a mysterious manner and shut herself up in her little sanctum; and I rarely enquired what it meoanb. Certainly -Julia, my eldest` born, did. throw out a hint one day ; but I was slow to take it, for the idea seemed to me too ridiculous.' Yet, on looking back, I can see what a stupid I must have been not to .hae found it out. Maria hasR at various odd moments and in a vague way, evinced a scribbling in clination. ,,: . lrememboi wr wll, whe n. Oida and jtiss Braddon have bern oni the tapi;, Martas has before now closed her eyes and murmured, "1 believe iflI were t-, givee nimyilf time to think, I could writs a work of surpassing interest.". And now she.has done it. But the funniest thing'of all was the way. I found it out. Maria never told me. She kept it a 'pro. found secret; bhut she wrote to some publisb ing people, and they agreed` to bring out the book if all their eaxpeses iwere guaran teed; and they were given}' a;'preliminary fee of five guineas for reading the " copy." How Maria scraped that five 'guineas to gether I shall never know. She must have stinted herself: of ribbons, or bonnets or something (I've noticed that i she's been rather; dowdyfisd all this year). but she managed to make op the sum, which it appiars. was ;duly forwarded ito the literary undertakers, and richly they deserv ed the fee if, they ever read through the MS. , Then came their letter to Maria, asking her for further money to pay for the publics. tion; ,whereupon it appears that Maria, still full of enthusiasm, wrote to a well-to. do cousin, asking her to lend the necessary sum of £S50,sntil the sale of the book re alised that amount, when it would le faith fully repai,.. - That couit halppened, by a lucky chance, to be touring in Tasmania, and precious glad I.am that eae,wa.. Anyhow, Maria called. bnthbe publisherc,and explained that imme:' diately on her cousin's return the cash woild be forthcoming. , . The following morning the post brought me a remarkable, missire from a man I had once 'befriended in days gone by. ."' Dear S'r,, -. \- ?You may have forgotten my' name. L wai formerly in the employ of the firin: of Sidggleton; Teorem. & Co., solicitors,' aod yonuwere very good to'me on. one. occasion. I wish to repay that kindness inow, and am in a position to do so. Wire me on receipt, and say where I can' seo :-yonu early to-mor row. S:. Yours faithfully, '"Crieesoe L BSecise?te." I remembered the "man perfectly, and wired'him to meetme at ll. a.m., outside (Le Post Office, which he did:; ' "You most have felt astonished at hear ing from me,' he began, but it wasgim perative.that I should write you after, what happened yesterday. -,You are married, I bc lievor ": ' Very much so," '" A.stout matronly lady, of somewhat commanding presence, and a tone of- deci ion in hervoiOe?" . " Afaithlfat portrait;: But why this quec. ion?" - "She has written a book, I beleive ?'" "She's done what ?" I?Masped. "Written a bcok.'";· - :i Certainly not to my knowledge.- M?ria; 'write a houk I It's preposterous." "Excse me, sir. You know your.swife's ,writing, I suppose ? L'ok at this." And standing out of the way of tbecrowd,. he undid a brown paper. parcel, anda there,, soreenough, was a bulky MS, of some. 600 pages, in Maria's dumpy handwriting. ' Bless my. soul," I ej taclated. '" What's the title; and what's it all about; and how, the deuce.is it in yor possession ?". "Heiartaches: or the Troubles of ,Matri many, is the title.. It. is a narration of a woman, whose husband is a bisy man, and who'does not understand his partner ; and you'll excuse me, sir, but if you let the firm publish' it, you, yourself,. have the- finest action for libel against these publishers that; the heart of man could wish for.' - " Once more, how.do you comeby it? '". "I am reading MS. for, this firm.. ;They. pay me, but not much, towade through2 "You will give me that manuscript for, 'this evening only? To.morrow you :can have-it back." I lshould lose my..work and .iendermy., self-liable to prosecution." ' I'll shield you against. all that.: Meet me.here some time to- morrow, and you shall have the precious effusion again." . That night, having employed the home.. ward journey in glancing through the MS, and jotting down a few striking pee.: sugs, I strode into the house. It was one evening last week, and I th'nk that' Maria will find the date inscribed, Calaie-like, upon: bh r heart, when she struggles into the.realms of the E-vigktit. " You're late, Tom," she began. .Dinner, has been ready this last quarter of ant hour.' " I'm very sorry, Maria; but. it's of no use; explaining why I am late," I said,."for," I, continued, rending from a paper in my:hand -"'no husband, when he is habitually behind time, can be expected. to tell the troth to his wife I Saying which, with lofty disdain, Lady Vandeleur swept -majestically. into the drawiugroom.'" Mar;a turned as red as a peony; then vwent whiter than a ghost. I had-quoted from her boor, " Th. n it's published already r" she shrieklej. 'Oh, how good of them; and it's crcated a soneation, too, or you-oh, Tom, do say thrt you've brought a copy home." "What in the name of fortune do you mean, Maria i " said I. Then calmly reading from the same scrap of paper in my hand, I went on-"'There are some women of my acquainnoaece who alrays adopt a mysterious vagueness in their methods of expression, and tltese, I have invariably founl, are the women most to be fearce d.' " "Tom," soaid she, holding on to the table in such distress that I felt she was about to faint, "you know you are reading from my book," " Maria," eaid I, "this is the first pure, unadulterated piece of idiocy you've com. mited since our marriage. So you're not understood, eb t Hreartaels ! Ha, 11al Oh, it'll be the death of me." Then I told her everything, and she sat quite still and listened to it, ihterropting only by an occasional sob. "If you want to turn authoress, my dear," said I, at length, "don't start by introducing your husband into your first novel as the biggest villain the sun ever shone on; and so thinly veneered that all his friends can ;!eo through the diegois:, You mustn make a villain fat and podgy-that's always tho make-up ef the comic charocter. Then again, the hero, I---.' "Tom," cried my wife, falling on her knees and begging me to ceas'-" Tom, I've been ai fool; forgive me." ' "" Darling," said I, taking her to my arms, "I forgive you freely, but you must give mae permiison tona?urate the entire episode in next week's Mloolsin." a ·" Oh, Tom. whit for 2 " "As an awful example to other wives who may be smitten by the scribbling mania. I don't mind your caricaturing me; I don't mind your- filling- reams of - paper with rubbish-that's good exercise and does no harm; but I do object to your running into debt to publish a book which may he printed, buhot which your friesnd; the-publisher, knows he will not sell a single copy to man, woman or child in the whole colonies." 