" Folk Lore." LECTURE AT THE SOHOOL OF ARTS. AIh. S. W. Brook dolivorcdalooturo onti- tied 41 Folk Loro, or CiviliBod and Savago Folk' 1 in tho 8chool of Arts last Tuosday ovoning. Tho looturo was raoBt interesting, tho subjoct boing handlod in a moat masterly mannor, evincing great rosoarch and range af raiding, and was listened to by a most approoiativo though, wo rogrot to say, a very' flmal! audionco. Considering Air. Brooks well known ability as a looturor, apart from tho faot that tho address waa given in aid of tho institution, wo think tho attondanoo should havo boon vorv moch largor than it wan— moro upprociativo it could not bo. Somehow tlio School of Arts scorns cat of tenoh with thopcoplo. His Worship tho Alayor (Mr. E. Boland) presided, and in introducing Air. Brooks to tho audionco advortod vory atrongly imlrmri to tho noor tanlo diflnlavcd by tbo citizens of Toowoomba in not availing thom- solve of tho opportunity of onjoying Hint intollootuai treat whieh ho was assured tho lecture would provo. IIo felt half inclined to adviso Air. Brooks not to dolivor his Inoturo as ho thought it such a look of courtesy nnd kindnois to allow any gontloinnn to travol 1U0 miles to dolivor a loctnro and then confront him on his arrival with ompty bonelio. Tho errors of tho absent had, howovcr, nothing to do with thoflo who woro proscnt, and who would, ho felt assured, onjoy Air. Brooks' lccturo vory much. (Applauso). Air. S. W. Brooks, who on rising mot with a most hearty reception, Raid it wa no doubt somowhat hard to addro3 a mcagro uudionco. Tho ompty honohoR sosmod to draw all tho spirit out of ono ; ho, howovor, would do his best to afford thom pleasure. Alan waR a wonderful animal; many an offort had boon mado by philosophers toundorstendhimyotho thought thoy had hardly suooooded yot. Man had boondofinod as a rational animal ; roligioas, political, cooking, tool-making, pugnacious, laughing, talking, nil thosa had boon nsod to differentiate man from tho lower animals. It was ooutondod, howovor, that tho definition was imporfoot, as somo if not all tho qualities used to difforontinto man from othor animals woro JlkawUa manifested by tho latter. IIo would defino man that ovoning an a "prying nuiiiml," though this of uonrao did not apply to women. Alan with bin insatiablo prying sought to ponatrato tho soerots of tho hoavons with bin littlo toloscopio tubo ; ho ttirnod earthwards and pried into tho rook dividing theui into primary, Rcaomlary, and tertiary, classifying tho fuuua and drawing lessons from thoir formation. Ho pried into tho mysteries of tho son, plumbed Its doptlis, nnd sunt forth Chailougor expeditious to lay baro us aooroifl. man also pried into bollof, ami as tho .inarch of progress, thoir railway, iuvoiitiumi and nineteenth cen tury realisms wero swooping tho folk loro into tho past it was tiuio that tho inquiry should begin. Even now muoh was irro- triovnbly lost. Thoir grout-grandmothers, or oven thoir grandmothers know muoh tlmt was now gono with thom, lost for ovor; past euntoms, past traditions, pnt bohrfs. Alnny of thoso boliof they would considor puerile, but tlioy inuRt rouiombor that thoir grand mothers did not doom them so, and thoy must rcmombor that though ho stated thoso boliofs as truth ho himsolf did not holiovo thom, but rathor thought thom nearly all tho antithesis of truth, nnd tho luotnro was intended to load them to a similar uiodo of thinking. Tho first stage in thoir inquiry was babyhood, and trnditiou showod thnt tho day of birth was a most momentous matter. " Mnmltw'u nIHLi ;« fair of face. Tuosday' child i full of grnuo, Wednesday's child is full of woo, Thursday's child liaa far to go, Friday's ohild is living nnd Klving, Saturday's child worliB hard for its vlmt; but tho child that is horn on the SubDEldi day is blltlio and bonny nud good ami gay." 3 hat was vory widoly nocoptod. In Denmark so runs tho tradition, Sunday's children soo moro than is good for them, be holding ghosts and iiortonts. Tho gift wan thon dootdedly ingonvoniont, Thoro woro a host of boliof olustoring round tlio birtii of a child. In Yorkshiro thoy beliovod thnt shoot ing stars woro tho souis of ohildron going down to join thoir bodies, whilo tho tradition concerning tho ovil fortune of a child barn on Whltnumlay dostiuod him oithor to kill or bo ; killod, and this fato oould only bo avortod by burying, and by this uronoHs tho ovil dotiny was avortod. Tho burial was porformod Bolomnly, but figurutivoly, by placing a napkin ovor tho child and thon layingou somo oarth. Tho best hour for a nhllU to bo bom was that immodiatoly following midnight. Straugo portents and ouRtoms foliowod tho ohild as it f row oldor. It was novor hold to bo safo until I wan baptised, for until thou it was undor tho control ol tlio fnirioB, nud groat enro tnunt bo takon not to pralso it too muoh or it might bo lost. Again, tho nails of tho littlo strnngor- . , must not bo out until it i twolvo month old,'.', j as to do o would bring bad luok. Thoy had por- " touts eonnootud with toothing ; thoy had boliofs in regard to confirmation, nnd ho might ro- mind thom of tiio boliof thnt the onul of a> child was a nfogunr<l ngainnt fihipwrcok. Cauls wero fonnoriy of oonRidornblo valuo, boing purohaflod hy sailors. Twonty guineas was paid for ono iu 17?J, whilo tho prico had fallen to six guinoas in 1818. Tho boliof in cauls was not yot doad, howovor, and bo hail soon ono udvortinod for alo lately in tlio Erin- buuo Courier. Fromthoboliofconnoctcd with ' childhood tho lecturer panned ou to mnrriaga, doullttg with tho many boliofs nud superstitious oonnoetod with courtship and marrlago, aud to- farring in tho courso of his romarks to tlio linos in Hiawatha whoro montion is mado of tho girl who picks a rod corn col) and is thus dostinod to bo marriod npoedily >— " t'uunil a roil ear in tfiu tin. king, Fouml a iiwl/.o car ml iu LiliMhl la, Nu.kn, orlol (bay all r ; Nuskft, you Rbiil) liavo a awcottieart, Yuu ulinll liavo n Iminl- omu liuiUaii'L" Finding a pod with nino pons iu it, botokonod tlmt tho maidon finding it would marry tbo first oligiblo man who paHsad tho threshold ubovo which it should bo HURpondcd. If tlioy ' camo on a littlo furthor thoy would find tho oholco of woddiug was a most important matter', aud thoy had rhymes forotolling luok or disaster as tno coro might bo. In SooLland it was oousidorod unluoky to tnarry in Alay, nnd ovon now tho marriago in Glasgow during' that month woro vory much loan than during tho sttoooadlng ono. Again, it is unlucky to bo marriod In Lout, Any color but groon oould bo worn without injury, but groon was tho fairio' color, and tho " good folk " rasouted It uso by inflioting injury on tho brido who woro it. For tho nntno reason it was not eonsldorod proper that vcgotablos should form part of tho wedding feast. Tlioy all know tho boliof iu old shoos and tlio luok thoy brought whon flung aftor a woddod pair. It was most un- luaky to bo married ou a rainy day, oh instaneo the saying " happy Ir tlio brido that tho nn shinoH on. Ono moro portent counootod with wodding days wus tho belief that wliiahever of tlio woildad pair wont to nloop first would dlo first. From gay to gravo was but a top, and ho would now tench on thn belief and customs tiiat URod to provaU and did still prevail in many places concerning death. Ho bud mat an old lady in Fiji who was quito on authority on suoh subjoct. and would assuredly havo suffered death at tho stako as a witch had alio boon born throo cuiiturios ago. Sho wuu dooply voruud In sign and portents, and ho had gleaned muoh of Ids information on this subject from conversations witli hor or whluli ho had takon noton. Thn nppoaruuco of a whito dovo was. in Scotland, cousidorod to holokou death, while hut iu r >mo part of England woro uIro un ominoim prosnago of somo ono dying in tlio houso noar wlmxo thoy appeared. Tho obblug of tho tido was also oonnoetod in somo mysterious mannor witli tho pasning away of mortal, and tboy would all remomuor how Barkis— Barkis who " was willing " slipped away at tho fall of the tido as doBoribod iu " David Copporllold " the maitor- ploou as ho comddorod of Charles Dickon' works. Agate SlmkoHncnro gavo point to tho boliof, in tbo doath of Falstaff and tho portonts that voxed tho rouI of Coasar's wifo, Cul- nhurnia, and lod her to imploro hor bihiuro to k'oop aloof from tho Capitol that day. FortonU bcliof and auguries clustered round ovory day. Thoro woro luoky and unlucky day,., nud in au old work publlRhod in London lu 1G1G, callod " Tho Book of I'rooodonU " waa given a list of thoso. Christmas Day, Now Year's Day, Eastor, all thono havo their bcliof, uud In ouo locality tbo girls woro airniu io gu tu bcuuui iwnu uiu uuvm i-uii uu thoir hIioch. In othor plaoos it Is tno custom for tho lasso to"hoavo" tho lads on that day, nud a story related how a timorous boHimoiuoled sohool inspector was mot on tho first Monday of Eastor by a crowd of huxojtt mill girls who" hoavod "him, bearing himbodily in thoir arms through tlio town and bestowing on him now and tluin a vigorous kins. No wonilor tho hair of tho pnron Rtood ou end. Tho samo custom provailod in tho Fyrouocs, ami Baring-Gould rotated how Uo was so lifted by a party of stout Basquo damsola. Again thoy had tlio boliof circling round April Day, Ilallowaon— iu Scotland. Turning to anothor plmso of tho subjoct tho looturor described tho many curious customs connected with tho art of healing. Thoy had euros for aguo, euros for onilopsy goitro or Dorbyshlro nook oramp, una scrofula. Many of thoso woro most ourious, as for iustanoo tlio romody for oramp, which consisted in gartorihg tiio loft log uudor tho kneo, or wearing au ool skin about tho leg ; if an ool skin could not bo proouroa a horao-lnir should bo placod in water, und that wonld turn to un oot. As thoy all know scrofula or kings ovil his part ho heliovod tnoro in lodldo of potas sium. In Fiji thero wa thi bohof in thuhoal- ing " touch. Tho looturor thon doalt witii spTritn or ghosts, and roforrod to tlio Whito Lady of tho Hohenzollorn family at Borlin, aud tho appearance portending tho doath of ouo of tho Royal family ; tho ghost in John Wos- loy's family was anothor instaneo of a woll authenticated apparition. It wa tho boliof of somo that tho spirit of thoso who had nassod away woro noar and around ; otbor hold that this could not ho, IIo hitnsolf would not ox- pros any opinion ou tho Rubjoot. Lot thom all trlvo to cast away all abdurditio. Tho fairios woro all dead now, and so lot thom strlvo to advanco, putting anido all that wan orronoons, ovor Booking progress, nnd abovo all ohorishing hopo, hope for tho good timo coming, bopo for froodom in tho futuro ; let thom always hopo. (Groat applauso.) Mr. W. II. Groom said ho had boon askod to proposo a voto of thanks to tha looturor for his olo'iuont and iustructivo address,, and it was with much ploasuro that ho performed that duty. Ho thoroughly agrood with tho remarks of tho Chairman coucorning tho paucity of tho audionco. und ho certainly thought it wan a most unfair mnnnor of treat ing Mr. Brook aftor the trouble ho had taken to como up to thoir town to dclivar suoh au interesting lecture i ho only trusted Afr. Brooks would not inform othor literary mon of tho treatment ho had received or thoy would find it very difficult indood to got iuyono to rnmn tin from Brisbano to lecture. IIo wns Horry to soo such a lack of interest iu literary mattor in so important a town a Too woomba. On such an occasion a thn pronont all thoir students should havo boon thero, nnd especially should lio havo liked to see tho Grammar School boys form part of tbo audionco. Not ouo of thom to far a ho could judgo was present to hear ft looturo that would havo proved mosLinHtruotivo to thom. Ho tbougat that greater effort should bo mado in tho School of Art to cator for tho require ments of tlio young, nnd ho cortainly thought much to bo ucsirod still remained to bo dono in this direction. Ho regrottod Air. Brooks had mot with isuch rv poor reception, and ho roinombcrod tho hiot timo he lccturod thoro somo fivo yoara ago on "Sister Dora ortho nursing of tha nineteenth century ho lituinn audience that fillod tho room, and be hopou tho next time bo came tho lecturer wonlu again meet a law audience. Ho.ttouIiI on bohalf of the audionco ask Hie Uorehiptho Mayor to convoy tho thank of tho audionco, which wos appreciative if email, to Mr. Brooke. firTohnio In soconding tho voto of thanks stated ho did bo on behalf of thoCommittooof tho Sohool of Arts. Ho and hie follow com- ditto omen did their utmost in tho mtoreats of tho Institution, and yot thoy roomed no sup. port. Ho bought tho prosonoo of euoh a man m Mr. Brooke should be eufliaiont to produco a largo attendance. Ho was woll known ub a literary man of great ability and cortainly do- served bottor treatmont when ho came among tbem than ho had received. Mr. Trovethan supported tho voto of thanks, which was put to the meeting, and carriod by acclamation. Mr. Brooks responded thauking thoao pro ont for tho kind attention thoy had givon him. If ho had a smalt audience ho at all avents had a sympathetic ono. (Applause.) Tho proceedings then terminated. 