PROTECTION AND FEDERATION. (to mn BDiToit op Tint " Australia;,- star.") Sir, — Our arch-schomer, realising that his Kiama ghost lias at last lost its power, and the sectarian cry can no longor keep back Protection, has now sprung upon us his iecteracion scnemo (as 11 line idea were some thing original), simply, of course, with the same objeet. Why wob the present moment considered so propitious to launch his scheme, except as a scheme to dish tho National Protection Party, whioh lie is shrewd enough to know will he the people's choico at the next election? There can- really be but one opinion as to his motive, and no honest Free-trader could say otherwise, however it may suit some, for party purposes, not to express it. Does auy patriotic Australian desire a united Australia to owo its birth to an intrigue? A united Australia is in evitable, and will be born under tho foster ing cave of the National party. Tho idea was not conceived by Sir Henry Parkes, nor will his attempts to bring about its prema ture birth delude anybody into thinking him its father, notwithstanding the inscription in his little books indicating bis mission to Queensland to bo tho birth of Australia, a bit of egotism which, by the way, quite ont-Parkeses Parkes in its ludicrous eU'ron- tory. For the honor of tho future Australia, it is to be sincerely hoped that somo worthier name will bo linked with its nativity. Your morning contemporaries are not unaware of his failings — business, political and othor — a reference to their pre-rccent columns shows this ; but it is wonderful, though sad, bow easily the unco guid can justify to thomsolves, and make use of, any investment or means that loads to the end that suits him. There should bo no vaccillation, no self-delusion, no boing led oil' tho scent. We mnst not lose tho substance, Protection, by snatching at the federation shadow put forward by our Premier, a shadow, however, which is cast by the coming event. No one doubts the advent of a united Australia, but Protection will precedo and naturally lead to it, in spite of tho j'uggling of Sir Henry and tho quips and cranks of his jester — bringing with it that prosperity which will enablo Now South Wales to enter into federation with tho other colonies under equally favor- ablo conditions with them. — Youra, &c..; J. C. HOGE. Sydney, Novoinbor 17. 