A PAST REDEEMED. — chapter VI. — (Continued.) " Ah, I see," said Captain Robin " You want the old man's allowance of 'baccy. Mutiny by our articles — if he's put adrift for inurder you're put adrift; for grumblers. Put the ropes to and march — every one of you, I'll- talk a bit With Jhok Carev. and if a soul of you speaks a word before wo'vo had our say he shall have the cartridge in him that was meant for the bear." That man must have known the world pretty well all round, from the dregs up to tho scum, to have got so much power into his voice and eyes. Great inon are made out of his grit, or I've read history upside down. The sailors grumbled under their breath, but they obeyed. Job slunk to his place at the ropes in a maze, which means guilt or inno cence, whichever you please. Mrs. Deborah crept into a corner of the ladies' cabin and cried. So on we pulled again, chewing our first bite of the apple of discord. I was on look-out duty in the bow ; and lean hardly write it now without my hand shaking— -thunder, what a plunge my heart made down into what used to be my shoes 1 For a while I couldn't speak ; my tongue swelled as big as three, and my teetli rattled together with something elso than cold. We were saved' you think ? Wait and see. # "We might have saved our stiff backs and blistered hands. We were on an island — that's where wo were. " My stars and stripes !" I gasped out; as soon as dismay would let me. " Look, captain — look all — look there !" It was stars and stripes with a vengeance j our journey along the shore had brought us back to the accursed rag that I'd stuck up with my own hands. I own I wished, stupicl as you may think it, that old Job Hayfinch had gone down in the Stadt Bremen. I doubt if the women quite realised how things stood at first, but they couldn't havo been long about it after one look at the eyes of us men. John Carey turned as pale as death ; and Captain Robin himself looked, for the first time, as if he didn't see his way. You see we'd pinned our faith in him so, and we'd been deceived. 'Twas by taking his advice we'd wasted time, and I guess ho felt it pretty keen. Of course wo'd halted. By-and-bye he went up to the flag and looked out for a good while over the awful black sea. Then I could see him rub his fist over his forehead and toss back his grizzled hair, and when he came back, he said — "If when tho weather comes, and you see though the land's frozen we're not in a frozen sea, we will turn our sleigh into a boat again. Meanwhile, we'll rig up a fixed tent with a snow shell — there's no better winter roof than snow, as the Bowel's know that we mean to see again in summer-time. Never fire .without killing, Jack, and we shan't "" starve. The air's warmer already, unless I'm wrong.' That was all he said. I doubt if there was much hope in his heart, but the ring of his voice had a way of making hope sprout in ours, as if we were the flowers he reminded us of, and he the March sun shine. We didn't give our captain three cheers that time, but we went heavily to work, all hands, and lagged up a hovel with spars, canvas, and snow, under the flag. That took some days of hard, silent work, which took nff our thoughts from Master Job, whom Captain Robin made his own working partner, not for any special good that the old fellow was, considered as a laborer, but to keep up life in him, and to show the rest of us that we had no room among us for old scores. Joe and Bill, it is true, would have mutinied, if they dared. Having emptied our boat, we laid her up in a good place for launching as soon as the return of the Polar day should tell us that the seas were clear. » (.And, by- and-bye, that blessed but anxious time seemed to be at hand. The red ball that had used to hardly show himself to southward every now and then began to give us something like the sunset and sunrise we'd been used to at home; and then, as our liands got empty of work, our hearts got bitter full of longing. Home- sitk is hot the word for what we were. We Were sick for life and liberty, and were ready to eat up our own hearts just because we had nothing to do but wait for a last chance that only looked big because it was desperate. Captain Robin soon saw what was up, and that we might begin to digest that apple of discord before long. So one even ing — I may use the word now — when we were all crouched up in our hut together as unhappy a family as you could find out of Salt Lake City, ho began to hum a tune : and bv-and-bye the tune got into words, and the words into an old sea-song, that began this way — The twolf' of Fobu'ary, In seventeen ninety-three, AH ill the schooner Mary For Cadiz Bailed we. For to Cadiz wo were bound, my lads, With Captain Thomas Ro—oe, ' (And wherever we do Bail, 'tis the stormy .V'-' gale ; V - That makes a ship to go, 1 My lads, That makes a ship to go, » We met with stormy weather, And I hope we will agon, For it made lis pull together, And long, and strong, like men. Blue-weather sailing ave, my lads, Boos find its port bclo — ow ; And afloat or ashore, 'tis the winds that .roar That make a man to go, My lads, That make a man to go. I don't know thatthere was anything in such a song as that to make anybody cry. But a bit of a breakdown did us a power of good. We'd been longing to do it ever so long, and hadn't dared, and it didn't make us the weaker to rub our eyes in company. I saw my own home in Jonesville as clear as I do now, inv old aunt, and tho snake fence, and the (lucks and all j and it did hot nihke n\6 more afrftid of another sprt of home that looked longer and nearer— -and I guess it was tho samo with all. John Carey put his arm about his wife's waist,, and she here about Miss Carey's; and Mrs. Deborah took poor old Job's withered hand in hers and looked round her boldly, as if to say, " My old man has as much right in Heaven as tho best Of you, ana may bo moro." I couldn't see What the others Were doing, for they were sitting behind, and I was troubled wifh weak eyes — from the snow, may be. Captain Robin, who knew human nature, waited awhile, and then, like a fine old gontlenmn of the old school, he bowod, and asked "Mrs. Carey for a song ; and, for all he was so polite, there was a sort of command in it too. Tho English lady didn't wait a minute, but put her arm tighter about the young one and sang some thing wo all knew — a hymn — and sweetly too, without much of a tremble, considering what sort of a roar we had outside for our organ. " All," said Captain Robin, after a spell of silence, " 'twas in a dili'eront sort of place I last heard ' Abide witli me.' " He was thinking of himself for just that once, I reckon — if it wasn't of an old sweetheart, which was moro likely, for self hadn't much place in the soul of Captain Robin. Anyhow, I suppose he thought we mustn't let ourselves get too homesick all at once, so "Now, ma'am," he said to Mrs. Hayfinch, putting the old wife before the young lady, with a courtesy and indifference to class- prejudice, which I guess he'd learned on my sido the Atlantic, " and now, ma'am, it's your turn to favor us with a song." " Lord, sir," said she, " I can't sing — I haven't tried since I were a girl, and without my mangle " " Tho absence of an accompaniment is an excuse that is only made in kid- gloves," he 6aid ; and so he half coaxed her half joked her into it in a way that made us smile — very uearly — and she began, in a queer sort of quavering sing-song — Thoro cometl a chap from a-yonder Dart, As axed, did lie, a maid — " When'lt theo marry mo, my sweet-heart ?" " No tliank-yc, sir," sho sayed. " For fond of a song as I do be, I'll ne'er be towld to sing j My littl'st finger's a pieco too free To fitten wi' e'er a " What her finger wouldn't fit with, I don't know to this day. There was such a sob behind me ; and there was that quiet woman Mrs., Hay, that we'd hardly noticed or thought of, trying to make believe that the sob hadn't come from her. There was electric sort of influences about us that evening, and I shouldn't have been surprised if she'd turned out to be my own mother that I hadn't seen since her funeral. Anyway, " J ob I" broke out Mrs. Deborah, as if she'd seen a real ghost, " Our Sue !" But it wasn't a ghost that time. Before we had time to wonder what it all meant, Mrs. Hay's arms were tight round the old woman. "Forgive me, mammy 1" she was' running on in a broken way, as if she'd forgotten how to say clearly any thing but "Yes" and "No," "or as if her heart had only just got warm enough to thaw her tongue. " I knew 'twas you — but T hadn't meant to trouble you any more with me — though . I've been on fire, like to speak — so that I didn't dare ask about — my baby — till T could get brave enough to bear whatever I might hear. But when — aud when you sang that song, you remember when " Oh, Sue, Sue — be it really you ? Ah, I knew we would meet again, all alone — onlv I thoueht 'twould be in Heaven, instead of only at the door. Job— this be our Sue, come back to see us afore we die !" " Why, we seem quite a family party 1" said Captain Robin. " We'd better tell stories instead of sing ing songs. What is , your story, ma'am?" he asked Mrs. Hayfinch, "for your good man don't seem much of a talkist, as my friend the professor would say." And so I should have said, if he'd asked me. Mr. Job Hay finch was not a talkist— no man lessso. But Mrs. Deborah was, and now that the order of silence had been revoked she showed it. I can't pre tend to report her old-world jargon, but the moral was that this Susan's little girl had been brought up by these uncommonly simple Hayfinches till she had turned out to be heiress to a big estate in England, and had been — I must say most handsomely — recognised as such by them that held it, while the Hayfinches, Job and Deborah, had been shipped off to America that they mightn't disgrace their fdster-child, I suppose, in their aristocratic old cob web of feudal antiquity. But they hadn't found our free country pay at all, and the first time they'd saved a few dollors they got a passage back to Lancemoor Churchyard ; as if all America weren't big enough to be buried in. " But, Mrs. Hayfinch 1" said Mr. John Carey in ap odd sort of voice, " do you say my father— Mr. .Oliver Carey — Good God, what am I to think of it | — -was with you — took away your Bessy" — (he took a heavy grip of the name) — your Bessy on that very Now Year's Eve?" " Aye, sir — I do." I can't picture for you the hungry, look in Mrs. Hay's face when she began to hear talk of the little girl," nor how all those English people seemed grop ing about in a fog that was too thick even for ; me to see through. J olm Carey took his wife's hand and led her eyes With his to Miss Carey, but didn't say a word. I guess he was making up his mind that his own father was an' almighty scoundrel — if it wasn't mean to speak ill of people behind their backs, I'd put it stronger —and didn't take kindly to the idea. "Lucy," he said at last, "She was found that New Year's Eva on the moor." " If that was she, she was," said ,our captain, just letting John Carey see that he meant the young lady, who appeared for onco to bo the least intelligent of thorn all. "And how can you know?" askod John Caroy. " Bocauso I'm tho man that found her. P'raps you reniember an ugly looking oUstomor on his way to Bristol, I'm lie. But I must bo looking after our old boat a bit. Como, Professov and Bill and Jot) j six is company where ten's nono. Wo'ro just four too many in a family party, we are. Let 'em fight it out among 'cm ; and strangers withdraw." I'm not a curious iii.in, ; -i i'fc from science ; but I own I didn't like to lose a scone that promised to be of %on- siderable physiognomic interest. There was a mother finding her baby in a grown up young lady, and foster parents meeting foster children, and cousins finding .out unknown cousins, and vice versa, all out of the same little corner'of. a country that's itself but a corner, after years and in a desert island in the Arctic Zone. It was the most extraordinary combina tion of coincidences I ever met with in a long and chequered career; and I lost all the final phenomenon through the unseasonable delicacy of that con founded captain. I was speculating how the frontal muscles would be hfl'ected in a man who has just found himself out to bo tho usurper of' a territory that belongs to an orphan child that ho has nursed in his bosoin like a viper, under cir cumstances that render the possession of real and personal property of less value 'than a thimbleful, of brandy, when Captain Robin sang out to Joe and Bill — " Hulloa,- mates ! What tricks have you been up to with the boat ? It Was here not three hours ago." And so it had been, for I'd seen it there with my own eyes. But it cer tainly wasn't there now — no, nor any where that we could see. Our 'only, last remaining hope of escape had vanished into the realms of mystery. First the wreck — then the discovery of our imprisonment — now the unac countable loss of our boat — the camel was being loaded up to the last straw. We repented of hope and energy ; we wero coming face to face with despair. i ho mystery ot the boat rendered us as superstitious as Smith or Fletcher. Fate was against us ; and now it had played the ace of trumps to the king that we had so triumphantly thrown down. The game was over, and there seemed nothing left but to give in. Health, and tho sympathy of ten souls that had now become as one, were our only mercies. John Carey groaned whenever ho spent a cartridge — it was the cutting away of ono of the few links that kept us still together for a while. We began to talk openly of whioh would bo the first to die. Captain Robin was tho only one among us who kept a bold look forward. How bo managed it I won der now more even than I did then, for it wasn't till afterwards I found out that he well nigh gave up eating altogether to save the stores. . After a whilo, as the days lengthened and as /tho air grew warmer rapidly and percoptibly, 'we began to get sur prised—if I may use such a word of people in suoh esse as we were — by a remarkable increase in the number of seals and white bears in the neighbor hood of our dwelling. If John Carey could have spared the powder he might- have indulged in a daily battue. We could not make it out at all, and began to fear a new and more sudden foe ; for, though death seemed certain, even dying from want of food looked better than becoming food for bears. Was it a concerted rebellion of tho native fauna of our island against the. human invaders? .Nothing seemed impossible or absurd. It was I who made the next dis covery — the most appalling ever made bv mortal man. I kept up my habits of exercise ; and one day T asked John Carey for the loan of his gun, just to show to a .bear if I met one too close, and took a soli tary run inland. Not along the shore, mind ; and yet I hadn't been two hours gone before I came to the sea. I could see the Stars and Stripes quite plain, waving in the north wind. How, then, was it that the adominable old rag had not been seen from the same point when" wo went round the island and kept a sharp look out every ' moment of the day ? An awful thought came into my mind. I measured tho whole way back by rifle lengths, though it took no end of toil and time, and the bears were howling abo 'it all round me The lengths wore just 1056. Without saying a word to a soul, T took pre cisely the same direction, guiding myself by sun and wind, two days after at the same hour ; and found jthe rifle lengths 989. Two days after they wero but 942. Where had the other 115 gone ? Ah, where indeod I (to be continued.) 