THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. BKACONSFIELD WARD. VIEWS 01? CH. LABKIN. A meeting of tho ratepayers of 13eacons Bold;./Ward was held at tho Mechanics' Instituto, uouth Molbourne, on Thursday ovoning, August.lst, to listen to the views of Cr. M.. Larkin, who is a candidate for re election for the representation of that ward,in the City Council of South Mo Ibourne. There was h, larg;e attendance, and His Worship the ;Mayor of South Melbourne, Cr.! T. iSinith, M.li.A., occupied the chair. The. ^Chairman.. said they had ; assembled there, to hear Cr. Larkin, who had : been one of the representatives of their .ward for tho. 'past three years, give an account of the work that had beon done by the Council during that period, and also touch upon the work which will bo brought before the Coun oil during the ensuing three yoars/.- ■; s y : : T Crr Larkin,5 who was greeted with pro 'long'ed applause on rising, said that, as His Worship the' Mayor had remarked, it was three years since lie had made his first bow to a public meeting when claiming the suffrages of his fellow ratepayers to obtain a seat in the Council of their city; When the members cf a community took it upon themselves to dele gate the important duty of representing them to one of their number, tlioy showed best they placed confidence' ill' him, ;iti(l tjiAt in itself was'iisua]|y felt to be ap honor by its recipient. He had esteemed it an liopour which he had received at their hands, but lie might say that he considered that he had to some extent con pensatcd them by the time he had given up to the performance of his duties and the atten tion he had devoted to their interests. (Hear, hear.) He stood before them, therefore, as tin independent candidate, but if the ratepayers of that or any other city wished to be repre sented by councillors worthy of the name, it behoved "them to popder carefully over. t|ie claims of men who had represented them so well in their Council in the past. (Hear, hear.) lie had been a resident in their city for tho x'ast 35 years. During the time for which he had been connected with tho City Council it had done some good work for the citizens, and ho thought they would bo willing to bear testimony to that fact. (Cheers.) TAXATION OF TUB OITV. He was aware that tho usual system-adopted by gentlemen who opposed the sitting n.em berof a Council at en election was to n'gue . .. v >• f ;•! that- the full rate of the civic taxation _ of Is. 6d. is the pound could'be reduced if thoy wore elected in his pla'se. But ■ those who understood anything at all about the question would know tnat in the present state of South Melbourne there could not bo any reduction in the rate of local taxation, and that if the rates were lowered it would simply mean that the necessary and important work of the city cou'd not be carried on. Their city was still, notwithstanding the wonderful improvements that had been 'wrought in it of past years, a very unmade city. When they considered that tho taxes levied in South Melbourne woro the same as were raised in every municipality around the city, they would understand that the rates were not excessive, and any candi date who sought to win their votes by resort ing to such a device was adopting a lino of arguments which, under the circumstances,; waB absolutely false. thb work of the tast. ' Then,- to speak in a general way of the work ol the past, he would like to say that the rate payers ot Beaconsfield Ward ware greatly in debted to Cr. Ste*d, who had watched their interests closely, and had displayed great business foresight and good judgment in their interests. (Applause.) His Worship the Mayor had lent them valuablo assistance —(Applauso)—and no three representatives could have worked in greater unison than he himself and the gentlemen he had named. (Hear, hear.) There had been, as they knew, a certain amount of difficulty in dealing with what were known as Crown lands right-of- way. _ The Council had always been quite convinced that it had tho right to compel persons to make these rights of-way, and it was a good thin? for the city that it had entertair.ed that idea, ;be cause thereby its sanitary stato had been made healthy. (Cheers.) He know there had been opposition from some of the rate payers to them, which was only natural in some cases, but he was certain that the pro perty of every man had largely increased in value through these improvements—(licar, hear)—and tnat the Council in carrying them out had done good work. That, indeed, was recognised to-day, and tho ratepayers generally were satisfied that the Council had looked after their truest interests. (Hear, , hear.) Some little time ago, however, they had a case of a right-of-way in Pawkner Ward, facing the Sandridge road, on tho south side. Their practice had been in every case to re quire every property-owner whoso property bordered on a right-of-way to make somo payment on tho cost of making the road, and it did not matter what the amount of tho pay ment might be, so long as tho principle of the admission of liability was conceded. On this particular road one ratepayer had declined to contribute; and on tho question being taken to law, the judge had ruled that the Council had no rigkt to compel' people to oontribute towards such woiks. The Council, of course, accepted that decision, and were content to allow things to rontain as they wero for the time. But had that decision been given three years earlier, before they had carried out tho major portion of such works, it would havo made a material difference to the sanitary con dition of the city,' and the public health would havo suffered greatly. The Councils were now agitating for an alteration in the Local Government Act, which there was litlle doubt they would succeed in obtaining, which would terminate this difficulty. (Hear, hear.) He was aware that a question was agitating some minds as to whether money paid by rate payers towards the' making of these rights-of ways could not be recovered from the council, but thoy might set their minds at rest on that point. (Laughter.) There was not a ghost of a chance of anyone getting a halt-penny back. The Council had only accepted their money from them on such teims and conditions as made their contributions voluntarily, and further there was no reason in advancing such a request. He understood, however, that an effort was to be made, in tho event i.f a change of representation, to get tho money back. TIIE SOUTH MELBOURNE TItAMWAY. The tramway question lias oeen a matter of the greatest importance in their local parlia ment, and they had had some tough fights over the question of route. His colleagues and him self had found themselves at times in the minority, and at other times tho council was nearly equally divided. It had been proposed at first to take the line to Bridport-street, across the railway line to Victoria Avsnuo, and the beach. This being tho case the line would simply have Bkirted Bridport-street, and would navg been of no service to the num brr of people r«s:dingin Beaconsfield Ward, and only of nso to those whose requirements were already fully met by the railway. They had all the arguments on their side. They have a large population to serve, who at present have to go comparatively distances to get to the railway stations, and they made a staunch effort, which he regretted so say was not successful, to havo tho lino carried along as far as Nelson-road. They had had a a tough fight, and a good deal of temper had been shown, but he might fairly tell ;them it was not shown on his side. Neither himself nor any of the others who pressed for this alteration were interested in the matter to the extent of twopence halfpenny as regards tho route. He thought their representatives were entitled to the best thanks of their con stituents for the tough fight they had fought in tjieir interests, (pheers), ! MF.THOrOMTAN J!0A1»> Of \V01IKS. When he was previously returned, the Metropolitan Boaids was little bit in tho clouds, but since then it had been brought into almost active existence. (Hear, hear). The Bill, if it were passed by Parliament, would prove of the greatest service' to then),' because it would furnish them with the means of taking charge of the drainage and getting rid of the sewage, which was at one time a canker and an eyesore to their city (Cheers). They had left out of consideration the question of assuming ppntrol of the_ Qas "\Vorks and the ropds, because these raised two great ques tions, Vested interests in gasworks were too powerful for them to overcome at present, and the purchase ot the works and the cost of the roads would have preateil too great an expendi ture and tho task would have proved un weildy. He had something to do with the dra{fing of that Bill—(Applause)—and after great toil and trouble the measure had been licked into its present practical shape —(Applause). The only council which dis played atiy opposition to it was Collingwood, but he thought that their objections were not insuperable. Unless the Parliament wer6 to consider the Bill would create a second Parlia ment, lie thought the measure would pass speedily. Power was given in tho Bill to the Board to levy a Cd. rate, but- he thought they would not require to raise more than Id. They would take over the Yan Yean, and that together with the reticulation of the suburbs meant large sums, and with this money the councils could give them pleasant closets and abolish for all time the abomin able syBtem at present in force. (Cheers.) Of course it would take somo time before the now scheme could be brought info operation, and would bo expensive. The sewage and other material wes to be carried right away from the centre of population, and a sewage farm would would bo established, possibly at Mordiallop. Drains ivou'fl bp brought from the output end of the system, because by that means it could be made of practical utility as soon as it reached t|ie first council area, which it would serve, whereas, if they commenced at Melbourne, it would be of no service until they reached its first destination. (Hear, hear.) The construction of this system of deep drainage woujd cost sojr.e £2,0.1,000 of •money, but the revenue from the Yan Yean would meet tho interest, and ultimately they would find the scheme cheaper than their present unpleasant system. SANDRIDGE tAGOO.V AJTP J.OCAL DP-VISAGE. Another question which has caused much trouble was tho Sandridge lagoon nuisance. As they knew a Bill had been introduced to Parliament under which South Melbourne would have had to pay for the drainage of Port Melbourne. That district had a repre sentative in the Ministry who knew his way about, while South Melbourne was repre sented by a Minister who apparently did not. (Laughter). He did not wish to speak in de rogatory terms of this gentleman, but his comments wero evidenced by stubborn facts. (Hear, hear). The council sent its Town Clerk to intervioV t|ie member for the dis trict;' ;ind inducp them to protest. The con sideration pf t)ie Bill, at hfs instance, was adjourned, but on 'the following day the Bill passed through the Assembly without a word of protest, He did not believe that there were moro than tlirep members of the House who knew the purport of the Bill, or that any other than Messrs Deakin -and Derham understood that it was an effort, brought for ward for the first time in the -history of Victoria, or in any English colony, to make a municipality go tp the exppn§o of carrying (Irajnage tyvray beypnd its own territorial limits. kVpplause). B"t the council went to the Upper House, and had the progress of the of the Bill arrested, Mr. #eal had put them under a very great obligation—(Cheers)—and Mr. Service, who was at tirct against thein, was the man who niuved successfully to have tho Bill thrown out. (Cheers). The object of ; the Bill was to make South Melbourne follow up its drainage through the territory of another counci), and tlion to contribute for all time to tho pumping operations by which it was to b« finally got rid of. > Then thero was tjiatjlovely ejlvery e^aU-'knO\was the "7 Hanna-street drain. (Laughter). Tliey knew that after much difficulty they had now got a Bill drawn to enable them to Overcometh.it nuisance, but Parliament dissolved without passing it, two days after the government had promised their aid. He was happy to say the present Parliament would deal with the question, and that they might hope ere long to see this festering nuisance done away wiili. (Cheers). The scheme, which had been de vised by Mr. Thwaites, was to cost them £15,000, and would effect a marvellous im provement. The scheme would disperse all ideas that South Melbourne was too f'at a city to drain thoroughly. (Chcors). He wished to explain that the Kcrfcrd-road driin to tho sea, as it was intended now to carry it out, would only discharge storm waters, and would discharge them into tho sea at a point beyond tho South Melbanrno Baths. He explained that because people were under the impression that vitiated water would bo carried down this drain, but tho intention of the council was not to d,> anything which would create a nuisance on a marino parade which was becoming tho resort of Molbourne peoplo on holidays and highdays." Tho solo uso of this drain would be to carry off the storm waters ntOGHKSS OF I'UBT.iO WORKS. As regarded the other public works of the city he thought the councillors who had at tended to the business of tho Council should receive duo credit at tho hands of the rate payers. In all directions, east and west, and north and south, necessary works had either been accomplished or were in progress, i The St-Kilda road had been a source of difficulty ; to the Council. It was of comparatively little uso to this City, and it was hard that they should be taxed for its ; construction. The Councils of St- Kilda, Prahrai, Toorak, and Aimadalo had a far greater traffic 011 it than South Melbourne', and tho traffic from South Melbourne was only pedestrian. For all that tho Council had been compelled ,to pay half tho cost of constructing this roadj and to de vote the large sum of £10,000 to this purpose. (Hear,hear.) ; .,•! THk'.OITY;SOAVKXCER1XO. Ho was constrained to admit that the scaventtering work of' tho city was not at all \vell, done. He did not know whether it was that the (jOntractoi sounder took, the work-at .too^low-jp'rices, (or;'whether the'.. Council '-was not sufficiently wiSll' officered. ' (Cheers, and "Turn' your servahtsout and get better.") Well, they were getting rid of some of them, and probably t lie matter would roceivo atten tion in the future. , (Hear, hear.) The latest and most approved method of getting rid of garbago was by the employment of crematory destructors, and tho Council had sent to Eng land for the plans of one of tlicso machines, and had boucht the Patent Rights so tho dos tructors would bo manufactured in the colony. (Applause.) They would then bo enabled to abolish the abominable and ineffective system now in operation. (Checis.) Tho system of payment at present prevalent was hardly fair. It was a canon of taxation that overy tax payer should bo called 011 to contribute accord ing to his means. At present the man who paid his sanitary fees might be injured by the criminal carelessness of his neighbour, who allowed his premises to become unwholesome. A rating system would bring all into the same' position, and the work will be dono thoroughly, : efficiently and well. (Cheers.) It was urged by some people that this rating system was too arbitrary, and that the Council might as well provide say boots and clothes for people by taxation. To that species of argument lie would simply reply that men might go without boots, if they so pleased, without detriment to their neighbours, but this sanitary question was one that affected others besides a par ticular individual, and thn ratepayers generally would refuse to suffer for the meanness, uu cleanliness and carelessness of individuals. (Chcors,) Tho work would bo effected for a threepenny rate, which ho thought would not bo objected to. The rating system would also allow o>vnors of vacant lands, who did not utilise them, but allowed the unoarned incre ment to swell up, while thoy benefitted from every improvement, sanitary or otherwise, carried on in their neighborhood, to be caught by this sweeping uet of taxation, and compelled to eoniributo—(Cheers)—which would mean that thoy would be mado to 're turn somo equivalent for the enliarcement of the value of their property by tho outlay of the monies of the ratepayers. (Cheers.) Tho Council had steadily persevered in tho work of mnkng asphalted footpaths in every part of the city, making them of narrow width to enable every footpath to receive attention. Over £10,000 worth of this work had been pro vided for out of the loan of 18S5, and in tho loan which had they recently floated, with such great success in the I^oudon'hiarket, tliere-was a further sum devoted to this chss of work.' These narrow footpaths were constructed , at the expense of the Council, and ratepayers who wisliod to have tho wlialo footpath done, with the necessary kerbing, were oxpocted to P'V}" half the extra oost. Tho ratepayers called on to bear this cost might think it: liard, but the benefit they derived , from it.was ,im mensely greater, than tho trifling outlay. (Hear, hear, A voice: "Improves tho selling value immensely," and cheers ) THE HATING OF THE C1TV Their rating system stood in need pf amend ment, and as they knew; tl\c' excessive vntoa that were leyied op w^t he; wight term the ' land bpopi'1 values Qf properties was driving a certain number of their residents to seek annexation to Melbourno, whore the ratos were lower. It was an anomalous absurdity that rates 011 land-in Clmendon-street shoulil be higher tlirn those levied on blocks in Little" Collins-street and Flinders-lane. (Hear, hear.) Tho valuers were not at lault, as they were acting under tho strict direction of their law, and it was til's law which stoo.d in noed of alteration. (Cheers.) Theio rates would have to be adjusted.—(Cheers)—becauso if thry were not it would mean a loss of popula tion to tho city. (Hear, hear.) A public meeting would shortly be convened, at which the ratepayers would be afforded an oppor tunity of expressing their opinions decisively upon this point. (Applause.) inHKliUJ.AlilTiES IX TUB COL'.V'Hr,. He would refer very briefly to the irregu larities iu the Council which had given them considerable unpleasantness. As they had seen in the newspapers the servi ces of the City Inspector had been dispensed with, and another regrptable apcurronoo had taken placo on tho evening previous in reference to the severance of the Treasurer with tho Council. It had been absolutely necessary for the Coun cil to take a firm stand, no matter haw un pleasant it might be to them. (Cheers.) i'QUTHCOJUSvT. Pl'tUiIO WOKKS. Under the loan sohedule of 1889 it was pro posed to expend on public works in Beacons field Ward the sum of £19,000. Ho would briefly indicato the more important of these works. They comprised making portion of the south side of Beaconsfield parade at an out lay of £980, and asphalting it, £391. Thoy proposed to wood-pave Clarendon-street from York-street to Park-street at a cost of £3,25a There was tho forming and metalHng nf Cbw.ie street, at a cost of £258; l^ahks-strest, SlOiO,; less tho vnjue of sariii, £((oQ.' " They propose!} to lay out £517 on metalling yerrars-street; on Iffla-street, £(>,1? ; 011 jy>.lsuii £3(\Q : on metalling the sides, of t]ig tvqi«w..y route from Qecil-strpet ?,nd UeaconsKcld parade, iu Park, Montague and Bridport-streots, and Victoria Avenue, £352S- In Canterbury Ward they proposed to lay out a total of £28,553; in Fawkner Ward, £30,-^>5: jn j?ar manby Ward, £l(i,7Q7 :and ii} Uiiceii's Ward, £1S,411. JJesitlos these works lliey also pro posed to devote tho sum of £15,510 to tho con struction of drainage works. (Cheers.) " He touched incidentally upon the great success nf tho late loan, tho monetary result «f which had naturally cho;',);oupcj jt. tc. tho Council. (Hear, hear.) He claimed credit for tho boldness and good sense which had been ex hibited by the Council in going direct to the London market with their seouritios. (Cheers.) It was said that a considerable sum placed on tho schedule of the last loan for improvements to Barrett-street had not been expended. He had enquired into tho matter, and found that the amount to tho credit of Barrett- street was tenpenco. Stateinonls of this kind were not calculated to enhance the character of the persous ma!:;n<r thoiA. Cr. Larkin resumed his s'eh^iiiidst" pro longed applause. Mr. Greig said than Councillor Larkin by his able exposition of tho affairs'of 'tho pity, convinced them clearly, that jn rot\\\ri\iiig him again, they woulij be putting the right, ma 1 in tho right pliifce. (Cheers,) He movod:— "That Cr. L:u'kjn js a proper person to repre sent Beaconsfield Ward in tho South Mel bourne City Council," and thought that ratepayers should 'be well pleasd to find that Mr. Larkin was willing to cym-5 forward again.[ (Cheers). Mr. J. H. Br'odie, \yho seconded tho motion, said that hp should regard the loss of the ser vices of Cr. Larfcin as in the na|ipo of a municipal disaster. (Cheprs.) Crs. Thistletliwaite and Mills paid a high compliment to Qr, Lat'kin as 0110 of their fel low representatives, Mr, Thistlothwaito re marking that Or. Iiarkin was the bost man who had yet sat in tho Municipal Chamber. (Cheers). The motion was carried with loud applause. Cr. Larkin in acknowledging ^0 vote, ex pressed his thanks to, his two "col leagues for their unsolicited'testimony' to the nature of his municipal work. (Cheers.) Tlio meeting' closed with a \oto of thanks Ijaing pA&ed; to tho Rfayoi; for" Riding, 