SKETCHER. ON' THE OIDJMOLE GT7AED. By John D. Reid. Old Mole No. 1_- A-7-aU'.i well.1 Old Molo N;-. o-'A-a-all',, well.' Ringing along tho moonlit distance, caught up and flung buck by tho oohoing riso If the rook over tho hushed waters of tho bay, came tho long-drawn call of. tho sentries. It ran from post to post, from voico to voioo, sank, nud finally ceased in fnint whispers among tho grim cliffs upon which tho moouboams lay so ooldly. J I ±c was ono o'clock, aliko by tho sentry o«ll and tho drowsy boll-strokos sounding from unseen towers mid cornora of tho fortress. In tho sliaaowy moou- light and grim threaten in? of Old GidV fuco Hoomod to soften iuto quiet poacofulnoss. Along tho shoro tlio hoavy batteries wero wrapped in a fairy bluo haze that hung in tremulous folds over their sullen fronts half hiding port mil ombrasuro, bohmd which lurked in the durk tho great i cannon. Bohmd, tho town lay asleep, no sound arising from it save now and again tho sharp oliallengo of invisible soutrios, whoso bayonets glimmered rostlessly horo and thoro ? in tho moonbeams. Audnbovo, black in spito of tho moon, tho Bto'op mountain-sido roso up torraco, slopo, and rooky, wall, to whoro tho Hsy Bat.orysoomodto towornmnnn-tlin »tn,.a Westward tho broad bay lay motionless, blurrodandinaistinot in tho haze that thick ened m the distance till it nearly hid tho far aweep of the soft Andalusian shoro. And ovor all tho glorious Spanish moon rodo in mid-heaven, flooding all the sky with hor white- splondour. It was a lovoly night— ono to stir oven tho coldest and most oareloss into admiration, with its dreamy beauty and rest ful peaoo. But within tho guard-room of tho Old Molo admiration of natural beauty was not thon thought of. PJung down upan the rough benches, baltod and groat- coated, in readiness for instant turnout, lay tho mon of tho guard whoso turn off soatry it was, wrapped in tho doop sloop of thosoldior, and from which only a soldier can awake with suoh mirnoulous alortuoss. A solitary lamp burned dimly on tho rough tablo, lighting up tho mdo room and gloaming on tho bayonotod rifles of tho slooporB. At tho tablo sat tho corporal of tho guard, laboriously fi.ling in routino items in tho guard roport. Tho scraping of his pen ^ was tho only sound hoard in tho room othor I than tho slow breathing of tho Bleepors ; ox r oopt, indood when somo victim upon whom tho swarming hugs and mosquitoes had mado an unusually forooious attack, roused himself to soratoh and swoar as onlv tho millnnf. Highland Light Infantry can swoar. In at tho opon door stole a soft -whisper — scarcely n Hound— tho faint lapping of water along tho mossy stones of tho Molo, Suddenly tho corporal l'iftod his head, with a jork, and half roso. ' Halt ! Who enmos thoro ?' Tho ohallougo rang out loudly in tho por feot quiet, and was followed by a pauso of utter silonoo. From tho distanou at whioh it soundod. tho corporal know that it uamofrom No. 2 post. ''What tho diokons is ho shouting about V ho mu',torod. ' Thoro oan bo no oco near him and no boats about at this timo. I'vo half a mind to go and seo.' Presently ho thought hotter of it, and lift ing his pon aorowed his tonguo in his oheok, and wont back to his task. ' Halt ! Who oomos thero ?' Instantly tho corporal was on his foot. Thorooouldbono inistako about this second oliallengo. Something was wrong on No. 2. jjf Ho oaught up his riflo from tho rack and rushed out. - No. 1 sontry was standing just without tno door, his riflo at the port, his oyos fixodon tho fur end of tho Molo. In tho moonlight tho man's faeo wore a look of puz zled concern. ' What's up f ' domandod tho corporal, as soon as he emerged from the guard-room. 1 Blest if I ken,' was tho answer. ? I can seo him wool enough, but feint a loavin' olso, an' thero's no a boat aboofc. Ho's aff his nut 1 m thinkin'.' ' Who is it, again ?' ?Young Allan, C Company. Ho's boon owro laug drinkin' in tho Glass Burrol last nioht.' ?It looks like it,' returned tho oorporal. Stand by to turn out tho guurd, whilo I go to seo what's wrong.1 Tho sentry nodded, and tho oorporal sot off down tho Molo towards tho shadowy figure of Allan, standing out against tho misty moon water behind him. Tho second sontry did not raovo till thb corporal got within fifty paoos of him.' Then ho whirled sharply, and again the ohallongo oohood out on tho still air. ' Halt ! Who comos thoro ?' f 'Cjrporal of tho guard.' ' 'Stand^ oorporal of tho guard. Advanoo ono nud givo tho counter-sign.' Tho bayonet wliirlod likopaloflamo throuir tho moonlight its ho brought his riflo to tho oharao. Tho corporal advauocd till the point touolicd his breast. ? 'Oalpol' ' Advance, corporal of tho guard.' As ho rooovorsd tho position of port-arms tho corporal stopped and fronted him ' What's tho mattor ?? ho asked, oyoinw tho sontry narrowly. 'I don't know.' ' What f ' ' Don't know ; tho dovil, I think.1 AUan, a flno-looking young follow of twenty -two.Bpoko with great though roproesed oxoitemeut. His f ado was ghastly in its pal lor, and his brows woro knitted with a ourious mingling of rago and fear. The corporal stared at him in silent amnzomont. ' What did you ohullongo ?' 'I cim'fc tell you.' 'Stuff!' was tho angry rejoinder, 'You are talking hko a lunatio or a man in drink.' f ' I don t drink, and I am as sano aB you aro i this minute.' ? J I v' Wcll- ^ut,sruro'y y°u know what made you ? ohallongo P You didn't go shouting like that for umusomont, I oxpeot ?' 1 Nothing liko it.' ' Then what was it P1 ' A Rlmrtnw f Again tho oorporal stared and then his mahogany face bcoamo overspread by a dori sivo grin. AUau was a young soldier, and such, ho know, woro apt to give way toner vousness when on night duty-nervousness arising, not from fear, but an exaggerated sanso of responsibility. Sb ' | Well, boo hero, Allan,' ho said, speaking with quiot signiHonnoo, ? I'd advise you to oliallougo no moro shadows. Just wait till you boo tho man himsolf. If you don't you will got yoursolf into a sorapo somo of thoso days.' Tlioro was no man in it. or woman oithor.' ' What, thon ?' ?J Blood.' Tho corporal started back, a now idea breaking on his mind. Allan had gono oft «is head, mid that iu no jesting senso. 'Look horo, Corporal Steolo,' said Allan, porhaps divining what was passing in the ( thoughts of tho othor; - I'll just toll you how \- it WU8; and thon you oan oithor laugh or do imythiug-olso you liko about it. My mind is Jill right, and so is my sight, but I'll bo shot « I can mako this out at all. I'd lutvo thought that somo of tho follows woro trying on larks if it hndu't boon that I oould bob right up to tho guajd-room, and thoro isn't enough cover to sholtor a rat, muoh loss a mau.' *Woll;-gq on.' 'Turning thoro' — and ho pointed to tho ox tromo'ond of tlu Molo— 'I saw eomothirig blaok run along tho stones— or, rathor, tho irout of it did, for it sproad nloug just liko water spilled by Homebody running— in sort . o t gouts and splashes. It was as blaok as ink V-N-o, I'nd, coming so suddenly, it suarod mo propnrly. I ohallongod almost boforo I know what I was doing ; thon lookod up to boo if it had boon ouusod by olouds. Thoro wasn't so inuoh 'as a traoo of a olou'd on all tn° sky, least of all noar tlio moon. Then I lookod down again, and ? ' Ho stopped, Bhuddoring. Tho corporal was leaning on his riflo and wafobing him in tently. Somehow, though, the smilo on his faeo had gono. Perhaps tho i'oarful carnost ness of tho narrator impressed him a littlo in spito of himself. ' Well,1 ho said, ' what then ?' 1 Well it had stopped thon, nnd lay right thoro whoro you aro standing now. But it wasu t m splashes then ns it was beforo— rather a pool that grew and ran among tho stones. What was worse, it was no longer blaok, but rod-red liko blood. If I was soared boforo, I was a thousand itimes worso now, and yet I couldn't got rid of tlio notion that thero was a trick in it Bomowhero. Tho fit, muao mo ralltl lln« i challenged airaiu riion, whilo I stood lookiag at itf it Boomed to fudo away and vanish beforo my oyos. ilio noxt thing was you coming up. That's the siinplo truth of thomatter ; and now what do you think of it?' Tho corporal was puzzled. His own com mon sonso refusod to allow him to ndrait anything upproaohing tho suporhaiural, and' yot how was ho to oxpluin it? To have talked to Allan of optical illusions would, ho »aw, be utterly ueoloss iri his then stato of oxoitoment. No argument capablo of boing advanced by man could hi-vo shaken Allan's belief in tho ovidonoo of his own oyos. Ho did what was porhaps tho best thing ho oould havo dono iu tho oiroumstonoes, aud thatwastomakonoooinmont'atall. Shoul donng his riflo, ho looked his companion ouuipit in mo oyes and said — m,'.1'1.1 tcU you 'gain what I think of it. llns is no timo for biotharin' about suoh stuff, and thero's othor work to bo dono. 1 11 soo you when you ooino off, and mean while, keop you a sharp lookout, lotting shadows alono unless you can seo -what eauaos thorn. I don't want to havo to roport yoa to tho dootor when guard is rolioved.' Ho turned away as ho spoko, loaving Allan I standing looking: at him with a strangely ab stracted oxpreBsion. 'Whutwas'tP' asked No. 1 sontry, as tho corporal camo up. ' Nothing,' was tho ovasivo raply ; ho thought ho saw something.' ' Liko onough,' responded tho othor. ' It's tho nerves, i mind whon I was a rdoriiit 1 challenged my ain sontrv-box ao dark night, an book my bayonot in't for no answoriii'. I hopo yo put thoyowlinooto' thatgoroorhl?' 'I think I have,' ropliod tho corporal as ho ro-ontored tho guard-room and returned to his guard roport. Ho was careful, howovor, to mako no roforenoo to tho incident just re corded, hi tho salutary state of foar aroused in most mon by tho thought of chuff. To re cord that No. 2 had soon a ghost, or what, at loast, was noxt door to ono, was tho very post way m wluon to mako both tho sontry and himself the laughing-st'ook of tho whole garrison. Tho corporal had no mind to un dorgo suoh process of notorioty as that, and so disorootly loft out tho very ' unusual oo ourenco,' in spito of tho ordors to tho con trary. Nevertheless tho thing loft an unpleasant impression on his mind, and ono that ho oould not wholly shako off, although ho triod his hardest. Allan's words, tho very way in whioh ho told his outrageous story, rondcrod it impossible to doubt lijs sincerity, of boliof in what ho saw, or fanoiod ho saw. Oorporal Steolo was an old soldier, and, whilo vory intelligent, was a remarkably uniumagina tivo man. Tho Red Book, Mold and Kino ex orcises, ho had oiE by heart and was ready to swear by, but of poots ho know littlo and ro mancors less. Yet, as ho sat thoro in tho si lent guard -room, listening to tho oorio lap, lap of water and tho doop breathing of his sleeping comrades, ho felt a sonso of slow un eusinoss croep over him, too dim to rosolvo into shapoand yot strong enough to ba almost unbearable Sopronouncod did it become at lnat that he flung down his pon, and approaching, tho door of tho guard-room, stepped out on tho Molo. Hiddon in tho shadow of tho wall, he lookod keenly along tho whits track of tho Molo ourviug inward liko a wall through the dark water. All was right, so far as ho could seo. No. 1 sontry was standing at ease at somo littlo dis tance, his mouth ngapo, his oyes fixed on vacancy. No. 2 ho could just distinguish marohing briskly up and down his post, tho quiok glittor of his bayonot marking tho point at whioh hoturaod. Reassured, tho corporal was inthoaotof turning indoors again whon a hoavy boll Bomowhoro in tho town struck two, oloctrify ing No. 1 from lazinosa into aotivity. From far away tho call ' All's woll' camo ringing round the rook, and as it roaohed him he took it up with a jaokal-likov yell that mado tho air quiver. No. 2 answorod it with ono of equal volurao, and thnn approaoliing the door No. 1 thrust his liend in, shouting — 1 Sontry go !' ' Don't any anything about Allan's soaro,' said tho corporal in a rapid uudortono. ' I don't want him chaffed about it.' ' A' rioht,' was tho answer ; and thon tho rolioving sontrics mado thoir appearance, yawning nnd rubbing thoir eyes. No, 1 was speedily rolioved, and boforo tho now sontry hud taken two turns of his post tho old ono was down at full length on tho wooden bonoh, and noarly fast asleep. Insom nia in any Bhapo does not prevail in tho army to any marked oxtent. All was right on No. 2, and tho transfer was quiokly effected. But as the relief was marching off, Allan approached tbo now sontry. ' For God's sako, koop_ your oyos about you and wido opon,' ho said, in a low onrnest tone. Tho othor, a romarkablyhandsomo man of about thirty, but whoso oharaoter was none of tho best; halted and stared at tho spoaker in astonishmont. ' What tho — what's the mattor with you ?' ho asked. 'Didyouhringa bottlo on guard with you, or what?' 1 Novor mind that, Wilson ; you do as I tell you.' 1 Is anything wrong P' ' Not yot, but thoro may bo.' 1 AH right, I'll keep a good lookout,' re plied tho othor. in a careless toho. as ho turnod away. ' What woro you saying to him ?' asked the oorporal, aB thoy wont back towards tho guard room. '?;':': ? ? ' Only telling him to keop a sharp oyo about him. You may say what you liko, corporal, but I feelsuro that somothiug is going to happen on that post boforo wo go off. It has been growing on mo since ovor I saw that in fernal thing an hour ago, and I oan't shako it off.' Tlio othor mado no roply then ; but when tho roliof had boon dismissed, ho bookonbd Allan to follow him from tho room. Outsido was a bonoh running along the wall. On this thoy swited themselves, and then tho corporal spoko. ' Now, Allan, just go ovor that yarn again/' ho said, ' and toll mo everything, down to tho vory position of thoBtoues you wcro standing on.' Thus adjured, Allan repeated at muoh greater longth and with more of detail the story ho had boforo told. Tho corporal heaid him in silonoo, and. when ho had llnishod, sat' for somo moments in thoughtful reverie. ' You don't drink, I think you said ?' ' I don't; novor did.' ' Havo you boon reading any ghost yarns lately? Tlioro'ssomo suohtraahin tho library I know.' ? No, I haven't, and I don t baliovo in ghosts, or at least did not till —till now^ !' ? Do you now P' ' I don't seom to havo much olioico loft. How on earth nm I to got ovor that shadow P' ' Your oyes raay havo doooivod you.' 1 Bot your host buttoa thoy did not.' 'And thoro was nothing that you oould boo likoly to acoount for HP' ? Nothing.' Both woro silent for somo minutes, and then tho oorporal broke out in n tono of irrita tion— ' ' Hanged if I don't think that ire ato a pair of auld hen- wives, bothering about such tt iff rn this !' -' 'Maybe,' rotirnod Allan drily. 'But I ddn'tfeel liko a horfwifo, and I'd just liko to «sk you a quostion.' !? rWhatisit?' , ' You're an old soldier, and havo seen agood deal in your timo. Now, did you rover oc mo aoross things that noithcr you nor any mau living could explain, try as you might V The oorporal did not answer, but thero roso in his momory moro thon ono queer re collection — suoh recolleotions bb ovory obsor varit man must haro who has long lived such a lifo as falls to tho lot of tho British soldier or sailor. ' Well,' ho said slowly, ' it seems to mo tha ; tho world is full of queer things, comrado, or rathor tinners that seem oncer to us : but I don't boliovo in ghosts, for all that. ThisBtory of yours is not woreotlian some I have hoard either. But we needn't bother about it. Lot's' go in.' ' I'm not going in,' ropliod Allan quietly. 'Whatfor?' I . ' Because I don't fool easy about that post. I m going to sit hero a while whoro I can see it.' ' Stuff ! Why, supposo that anything wont wrong down yondor, it would bo aU over boforo yotr could gos horo. Bosidos, thoro's No. 1 to look out' for that.' No. 1 might not seo what was happening noarly so soon ns I would, and as for gotting thorq I wouldn't try ; I could roach anybody yonder in about a second with this.' Ho tapped, somotliing resting against tho wall beside him aB ho spoko. Looking down tho corporal saw ihat it was his rifle. I Tho thiri'g f rightenod him thoroughly somo I how, and ho looked at AUan anxiously. Tho I fiice of tho' latter was pale, and thore was a strange light in his oyes. Tot thoro was not tho slightest traco of irrationality about him. 1 Why, what do you oxpeot to seo, iu the namo of nil tho saints ?' 'I don't Iriiow,' roturnod tho other, spoak I ing_ in tones that told of increasing oxoitemoiiti 'but I do know that something! will seo. Do' you know what that thing looked. Hko ? It has just como to mo now.' 'No.' ' Liko a man running with a mortal wound \- running till ho fell.' Tlio oorporal folt a cold chill oross him. AUan lifted liis rillo, sprung tho lovor, put a I cartridgo into tho chamber, Bhnt the brooch, and' then with tho rifle across his knees, sat looking fixedly in tho direction of tho sontry No. 1. ' If it wasn't foi boing laughed at I'd double sentrios,' eaid tho corporal, half to himself. But ho' no longer thought of going. Ho had caught somdthiug of his companion's exoitn meht, and folt so nervously alert as to rondor sleep impossible It was in vain that ho argued and reasoned with himsolf, told him solf that tho wholo thing was ubsurd, and that ho was a fool to sharo tho silly fours of a scared reoruit. It would not do ; rightly or wrongly ho had bocomcalmost as bad as Allan, and felt that ho must see it out. Slowly tho time dragged on. Higher nnd- higher tho moon roso in tho sky that was now . dotted with drifting olouds. And with ovory minuto that passed, tho beauty and poaoof ul ness of tho soft southern night doopencd. No. 1 sentry passed and ropassed, giving an occasional oaroloss look at tho two motionless figures soatod iu tho shadow of tho guard hoiiBo. A, soft wind arose nnd stole in from tKe sea. Tho water lapped and gurgled among thostonep, tin, listening to it, tho corporal's oxcited imagination quiokenod|into nighemaro. And still, motionless as a stono, his grasp on his rifle, his oyos lixed on tho indistinct figuro of No. 2, Allan sat waiting. A' cloud passed over tho moon, flinging a great shadow, on tho Molo. No. 2 roaohed its far end and halted as tho hoarse bell pealed out on tlio bilenoo. Ono — two— three ! Hark ! Faintly hoard at first, but rapidly coming nearer, tho call of tho sentries runs round the ohain. No. 1 takos it up. ' Old Molo No. 1— A-a-all's woll 1' An instant's pauso, and thon — Old Molo No. 2— A-a-all's well !' ? My God !' It oamo out with a shout, as ho sprang to his foet and flung the riflo up to his shouldor whilo tho corporal yelled frantically — ' Guard, turn out 1' What, undor hoavon, had thoy soon — or hoard P _ A gauut, dripping figuro that seomod to riso out of tho sou right bohind the unoon scious sentry,- tho quiok flush of a knifo, on awful cry, that was drowned in tho whip-lilto crack of a rifle ; and then tho alarmed guard camo rushing out nnd toro down tho Molo after Allan nnd the oorporal. And this is what thoy saw. Prone on his face, stabbed through and through, and stone dead, lay Wilson, tho sentry. And ovon in the horror of tho moment, tho corporal saw that ho had run or staggorod from whoro ho was stabbed to tho spot on whioh ho lay in a po'ol of blood, loaving as ho ran tho trail of tho shadow. 'Look,' ho said, hoarsoly to Allan, ' look !' Tlio othor turned away with a shuddorand approached tho littlo group gatharcd round a second body— that of tho assassin. Ho too was dead, and as they turnod him ovor and tho moonlight fell on his dark faeo, that yet bore tho look of oxultant rovongo it had worn when tho bullot struck him down, oho of tho men uttered an exclamation. 1 What is it ? Do you know him ?' asked tlio corporal. ' Yes ; it's Joso, the gipsy. I know it would: end1 tliis way.' 'How'f' ' Wilson took away Ins swootheart, or tho 1 girl' ho wanted for his sweetheart, and ho ? sworo rovengo. Woll, ho's got it in full, poor wretoh !'? 