SOCIAL SPARKS. The good people of Kapunda gave a dance some little time ago. The music was provided by Coward's Band, and. as usual was enchant ing. During an interval between the dances one of the musicians strolling round came across a " native." Says the native—" Well, what do you think of it ?" " Very nice little dance," said the musician. " It is quite up to Adelaide dances ?" " Oh yes, I think so." " Well, i never ; you don't mean to say the women go to balls in Adelaide with only just so much on !" Lord Kintore has been to Sydney and has seen the " beautiful harbor." Perhaps he also inspected the Bondi Sewer. Lord Hopetoun will arrive in Melbourne on November 24, the good steamer Britannia having consented to be five days before time out of consideration for the youthful scion of the nobility. There is to be a public reception in the Queen City and a public holiday will be proclaimed* Why doesn't Gillies promise free beer tor the masses ? That is the only possible way to make them loyal, and Quiz doubts if even that would accomplish the trick. Sir Henry and Lady Loch leave Melbourne for Eng|^cl to-day. Another strand of silken cord ^toapped; but perhaps Hopetoun will it together. Loch was wept over at a i^mluet last night. The new Mayor of Melbourne (Mr. Matthew Lang) is a Scotchman, but he is starting out to spend h|s iyode^p>|: ap^lliat. ^ , The London papers report that Lord Kintore is speculating largely in Broken Hill stock, and that he; expects to make a large fortune. Well, fsaid> owe h&igood; l|ck to the fact that he is under the mji* of a prominent legislator. Quiz hopes the Tory papers won?t ^attribute it to the natural ability of the aristocracy. Our fashionable suburb North Adelaide will very soon become unfashionable if smallpox is to invadefts domftim. ^ Arid then rigt$ on top of the shiallpcbr we?haye a story of love, jealousy, and revolvers. What a fine chance for Sir John Downer with his Divorce Bill! Talk about grovelling to lords after this. Sir Saul Samuel cables out to Sir Henry Parkes, his superior officer, telling him what the London papers say of "your able and statesmanlike prospects." Bah! Sammy. His Honor—or His Excellency—the Deputy Governor is maintaining the dignity of Govern ment House. Well, if we had to elect our own Governors Quiz doesn't know that he would not give the flittle Chi^L a vot<ef He might do worse." ' Surprise parties, an essentially American in stitution, have been inaugurated in South Aus tralia. The other evening at Unley a young married couple were startled by a ^series of rat-tat-tats at their front door, which oh being opened admitted a number of their lady and gentlemen friends. They had not come empty handed, and they immediately took possession of the house. The Slipper that foUowed is described to have been a " splendid affair," and i&difl;* n<# epst [ nominal host and hostess a 1' ■' '■ < ;• ' '• i' if ^ i-' 1 sixpence. There were mayonnaises, cold tongue, raised pies, jellies, and all sorts of delicacies brought by the: ladies, while the gentlemen furnished the liquid refreshments. One fair damsel who avers that she is not a good cook, soothed her conscience by purloining a bottle of pa's favourite Irish whisky. It was all very unceremonious, but " awfully jolly, you know." Some of Quiz's lady friends may try the ex periment with him. They were just married, and trying hard not to appear so as they walked up the stairway of Warland's hotel at Port Victor, leaving their carriage at the door. There was a tittering among the servants, and one of them whispered, " Ain't she a pretty bride, and he—oh, such a fright!" They wondered how it had leaked out, but you see when he was putting his gloves in his pocket he pulled out a handful of rice, and the whole murder was out. j Blank is an enthusiastic photographer and j scientist in general. He has the electric light | in his house, and so forth. But it was rather j mean of him to take advantage of the attitudes j of Charles Augustus and Alicia Maud the other j night to get a picture. And it was still meaner to send a copy to Charles, who only recognised himself by the back view of his head, his face being lost somehow in Alicia's curls. So Lord Carrington's brother is to marry a Victorian girl. What a pity Lord Inverurie is not grown up. The Mayor of Adelaide gave his annual banquet in the Refreshment-room of the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. There were about 200 gentlemen present, including the city members, but all the Ministers except Mr. Gordon were attending to Parliamentary duties. The banquet was as great a success as all Mr. Shaw's undertakings have been. Make up your mind, Mr. Shaw, to be Mayor again. The 'Tiser the other day contained an advertisement-fey a tinware firm—" Active dads wanted." Now, what do they want witfe active dads ? Pa is generally busily enough employed at home without going into the tin trade. And he is generally most active when he is dodging the broom or going out to " see a man." Any how the 'Tiser should be called upon to explain the cpnundrum. Qtfiz is : overwhelmed J with invi|ations to afternoon tea,' but after the experience of this week he feels that out of pity for the innocents 'tpvpuSd-:fee£|>ettfer to forego that pleasure and be like Todd without his T^ One lady in par ticular had been so pressing for Quiz to call and tell some of "those funny stories you know, Mr. Quiz," that poor Quiz gave it up in despair, and actually went; but while waiting in the drawing-room for his hostess to come down stairs a scuffle was heard outside the door, and an infantile voice screamed, " Tiimpany of ! no tumpany, I won't have my face washed that way." Weil, you know how the old apple women give a rosy appearance to their wares! " We live to learn." This is what our old friend the Brisbane Boomerang has to tell us : —" When Governor Kin tore and his wife arrived at Holy Adelaide they brought several dogs, which were allow ed their liberty, spite of all quarantine regulations. Shortly afterwards a Show came along with a pet dog, which it invariably hugged to its professional bosom, but the quarantine regulations were in force then. So the canine was isolated in the Exhibition Building, and yielded up the ghost from lack of accustomed liberty. We don't, anyway, feel sentimental about that little doggie's demise, but we do feel sore that a paid public official can come along and land dogs and other personal effects despite rules, regulations, or reason. Such, however, is the sacred power of grovel. The one and only bright spot in con nection herewith is the fact that Lady Kintore's lapdogs made a vicious snap at the legs of the South Australian Minister of Education. As it was a snap only, the animal probably foresaw a waste of time, or we might have gleefully chronicled an abstraction of several pounds of flesh Irom the Ministerial calf." The season is rapidly drawing to a close,* and society regrets how7 seldom the doors of Govern ment House have been opened to it. With the exception of two afternoon recep tions, a series of small dinners to a favorite few, and two small dances, Lady Kintore has not exercised much hospitality. ■ >, The two small dances w7ere given, too, under peculiar circumstances, one being in honor of the officers of the flagship and one to General Edwards. This is not as it should be. To say nothing of the claims of society, trade has its claims, and if a bad example is set by the should-be Leader of Fashion, how are the milliners et hoc genus to thrive? Although Lord Hopetoun spent considerable sums of money in entertaining the Shah, that potentate apparently failed to appreciate his efforts. Amongst the numerous presents he gave on leaving England appears one to Lord Hopetoun—an autograph and his photograph. To the average society housekeeper there appears to be a difficulty in pleasing the paiates of their lords and masters. Mutton and beef seem to alternate regularly wdth beef and mutton, and their lordships'cry of perdrix " becomes irritating. Quiz purposes giving one recipe eya*y week, and as Quiz's palate is a delicate. ohe,his lady friends can reckon on someth^teg4^(|thsome. As eggs and butter are now cheap, Qpiz gives a lemon cheesecake recipe':—% lb. butter, i f lb. sugar, juice three lemons and the rind of two grated, and seven eggs (leaving out the whites of tw7o). Keep stirring over a moderate, fire till it thickens like honey, but it must not boil, when it will be ready for use. If can be used at once, or potted as a conserve and used vdaen wranted. It makes a beautiful tartlet withu^^ce light pastry, and can be used Tor children spread like jam on bread. | B: ¥ M '*£• [AU Society itenu, descriptions of Costumes, and particulars of forthcoming Social Engocge^ ments, will he thankfully received hy Quiz? Address : Box 200, G.P.OJ] 