ORIGINAL AND OTHERWISE. Miss Ranter (a celebrated amatonr.)— "Oh, by tho way. Jack, you've nover told nio how you likud our theatricals lust Friday." Jack (her cousin)— "YY'cll, it seemed to mo' that tho play had decidedly too many acts in it." Miss R.— " YY'hy, what do you mean ? It had only one act." Jack — "Exactly;" " Pa," asked sleepy Bobby, " can I ask you ono .moro question if it ain't foolish?" '"Ya'as, " almost .shouted', tlio old man; who was trying to read. : YVell, if atoad .had a tail, pa, would -it interfere 'With hisljnihpin! or would: it help him liko it- does the kangaroo ?" - In les3' time than it takes to toll it Bobby was between; the slieots. - " . \- Caller (to Mrs. von Moulten)— " Did your trip to Honolulu benelit.you; do you think ?" Mrs. -'von Moulten — '.'.Yes, 'I think1 It did. Honolulu 'is delightful socially; but I went: out little." , .. ' ' '! Did you see any of the cannibals ?" Mra. von Moulten— " No ; but I mot most of tho old families, and frequently heard tho . VtWMliUtMO QJJUilMU An t/i tl i I said, however, I went out little.,' '. YVife (to husband at breakfast)— " John, I hoard you '111111101' ill your sleep, lust night: 'You boys niay tliink what you like, but I'm of' the opinion that, tlie dan diest maiden of the lot is : the . dizzie blonde.'" Husband after (explanation)— " I think this coffee i3 a little cold,' niy dear." \- Wife — " I think so myself, John, love ; and I'll make you' a fresh "eup as delicious as nectar.". . '"r; "My.youiig friend,!' said old Mr. Surplus to young Mr. Giddiboy, " do you not think that you were' rash to ask my daughter to. marry you when you are notable to support, her?" : " "VVelli'|. Asaid:.,;tho youiig man, craftilv: " iiorlidns' . I Yvas. 1 " admit - hi v fault and throw mys'elf oil your generosity, sir.1' " That's. /right," : 'declared., the old gentleman.' " You slidll hot lose by it I assure you. Thoro sir, is a nickel to pay your ear faro home. No thanks if you please. . Good day 'Mr. Giddiboy." : A parting word— divoreo." ; ' . ' Is marriage a" failure ? Of course it is not. Marriage is ail assignment. ' v YV omen and .dictionaries, are'-', something, alike. Both always havo'tho last word. The latest' bit of Washington Territory; brag is that the elimato is .so fine that wool! grows even on hydraulic tains. , Mrs. Grundy says that many "strangers" who go to ehurcli cafe more for tlio music tliaii they do for. tlio collection. . A Miss Corn is being courted by a Mr. Cobb. She will soon bo a .Coru-Cobb with the consent of Pop-Corn. YVhbn comes tho final reckoning day. ' ! -For good and evil-doer, Then Time his soy thoiasido shall lay, " . And Time shall be no mower. A bachelors syllogism : Marriage is a. lottery ; lotteries are illegal; therefore I obey tho law by reinainiug single." Domestic economy consists in doing with- . out things. It was first practised by Adam and Eve. ' . " Grandpa, what made you so bald ?" tho child Asked as she sat on tho old lrian's kneo ; And tho old man, rubbing his shining poll, With this answer the weo one beguiled : " Tlio years rolling over our heads you see, Rub olf all thu hair as they roll." "I was badly bitten by flies in every country in Europe except Belgium." " Have they uono there?" "I don't know. 71 didn't go there." A crank is a man who inflicts on tlie world the fool notions and' queer maimers that avcrago man reserves for tlie bosom of his family... ' ' ' Mr. Alert: "What a . nice figuro Miss Stiles has." Miss Sourly : ." Oh, yes. Her dressmaker says it is ho trouble at all to build on it,- it is so angular." New York belle (in Pai'is): "What is the name of the proprietor of this hotel?" Chaperon: " O'liooligan." "Dear mo! That isn't a French' name ; it's an American Innoconco Aloft.— Farmer (to a tramp whom lie has surprised in a fruit tree) : " What are you doing up there ?" Tramp : "I?' Nothing ! Only hanging sonic pears on the tree again that had fallen down." Lady YYIiat's-hor-iiiimo :' " YY'hat is the' heraldic crest of your family, Mr. Porquo Pucquor ?" Mr. Porquo Pacquer : " A stuck pig, rampant oil a field d'or.' Motto: 'In hog signo shekels.' " Nover got out of any thing, . So thrifty housewives say ; , , Be wiso, nud keep rbplenished . Your stores froiiv day to day. YY'hile willing tlie advice. to take The fact wo shan't forget, That one exception wo should mako— . The getting out of dobt. -. An1 Appeal.— "Now, ' Smithors, lot mo earnestly -exhort you to take the pledge." " Certainly not, iny lady 1 I'm - not one o' your people as can't keep sober without goin' and talcin' hontlis about it I" : . A Critical Condition : '! I hear your hus band is sick, Aiiiit Dlhali?!' "Yess'um." "Nothing serious, I hope? His condition is not critical ?"' " Critical ? I should say ho, wuz. He ivin't satisfied Avith nuflin'." Nothing New.— Mrs. Fanglei "YVell, this is strange 1" Mr. Fangle " YVliat is it, my dear? "A tnan in Paris has taught an apo to black bis shoes."- "Oh, there's nothing remarkable about that, my dear. I've .often heard of monkey- shines." He': "Do you know, Miss Bessie, your father reminds mo of tile Czar of Russia." She : " Indeed, Mr. YY'iltz ?" Ho : "Yes, but with this' difference— tho Czar lias all the power in his hands, while your father seems to havo it mostly in his feet." ' ' Thero ore. 275 " lady elorgymen " in America. . - ' Northorn. Minnesota' has ice 13 feet thick in her lakes. In. Samoa English is the : language of trodo and social intercourse. The Gorman Emperor now has his Berlin pahveo lighted, with electricity, . , Mail is now carried liotwcon New York and SairFranciseo in 113 hours. . Tho United States monitors are to be sup plied with electric search lights. A new street in Stockholm has just been graeod with tho name of Jenny Lind, : In. somo provinces in Persia it is against' tho law to court a- girl' over four months boforo popping tho quostioh. ' ; The .University of Berlin has 5790 stu: dents . 'tliis winter; ;whiqh is tho largest uuinbor ever recorded.. . A London snrgcon says that business mon who occupy olliccs above tlio third.story got; 'flighty aftor a few years, and unlcsB making, a chango become mildly insane. While Christians are to bo as harmless as doves, they aro also to bo as wiso as ser pents. And tlioy aro,' too.' . In many churches tho collection is taken up before the sermon begins. ' , Mrs. Brotella : Arn't you laced awfully . tight, Aspasia ?" Miss Brotolla : "I may bo a little, mamma; but I feol.sui'o that Mr. Sawdorff will proposo this evoning, and lie's got the shortest arms you cvor saw." , Jonathan Trump : ' " What's tho mattoi' with. youug Darlington?" Ho's going into tlio conservatory, with Dolly, Flicker, as pale as a ghost." Miss Ponoiope Peachblow : .!' Going into a doolino, from what'I know of Dolly." "I hear you are somowhat of a mind- reader, Fred." "I never made any preten sions in that direction." "Do you think you can toll what I am about to say ? " "I think so. 'Lend mo a dollar.' Is that right?" She (sternly) i "James, whero hnvo you been ? " Ho : " Dearest, I wont out to con- verse with a friend about the play." "But, James, I detect the odor of cloves." " That may be, Helen ; you see we had a spicy con versation." YVidow Jolu'.sing : " Doair yo- t'inlt, ! deakin, dat Profcssah Yawpcr jtraitched da, trufe in his disco'se dis '.cbcnin' ? " Deacon; Fowlali Straitch aml inilhn ,- Mrs. John'- sing ; who, 'I' wouldn't beliebo dem lies of I tele 'cin mahsef," Barber (in high-toned establishment) : " Better . tiy a bottle of our -natent super- : fluous hair remover, sir." Dune customer! " Gud gwaoious,' mail 1 YVliy 1" ! Barbor : " Haven't you ' heard, sir;' how ' that 'tlie Prince is growing balder every day." ' ' ' "Madam," reproachfully' remarked the . tramp to whom the -yon'rig: housework . had given a couple of cold biscuit "of lier own make,-." I liavo askorl ye for broad and ye ; have given mo a stone." And tlio next' instant she gave him a brick. : Lemuel : " I tell you, moil may prate as they will about woman's extravagance,' 'but I she can dress well oil n sum that would keep a man looking -shabby." - Sinicoe (dryly): " That's true. Now, the sum that. my wife; drosses on keeps mo looking shabby year in y ,L»ll UllVl ( Miss Britoly Da you like pork chops for breakfast, Mr.! Nevei'go ?" Mr. Nevergor !' Pork chops ?: Oli, all, yes, much indeed."; Miss Britelv : " If you'll excuso inc for a' moment I'll tcU manima to get some. I: think I hear; lier starting to market." ; Mrs. Batconi : " Have yoii got a Band of Hope in'yonr town, Mr. Overalls ?" Mr. Overalls : !' Wal, we've got n clurn poor brass'band, and there don t sepm to bo no way of discouragin' it. Ef that ain't a band of hope, then I don't ketch onto- your liieanin'." 7 . ' . ' :' ' ' He wasn't rieli, and he had no friends ; ' Rut nll the tame lie nccoinplished liL cutis ; tVhen lie asked lor credit lie drew Ids tun, ; And' tlio haulier eorrowtqlly shelled out the "mull." 