Ncpcan Chnrch Colnmn. WESLEY AN CHURCH, PENRITH. The pulpit at the above place of worship was oc cupied on Sunday evening last by the Minister, the Rev. J. Phillips, whoso text was Proverbs xxiii. 23 - "Buy the truth."-Never, said, the preacher was there n greater falsehood perpetrated than the statement spread by infidels that the Bible tended to naii-ow thu human mind. The passage he had selected for hie text might bo regarded as embodying the spirit of the Bible. What did they have to buy f The truth. All truth was valuable and had an important bearing on man's interests nnd happiness. The truths of astronomy, geology, botany and chemistry had an important .bearing on the interests and happiness of man. But the truth that had the most important beating waB the divine troth as revealed to. them in the sacred page.' The Bible said " Man know thyself." All wisdom was centred in that, but in order that he might do that, he must appeal to the Bible for inspiration, for it was only by that means they conld obtain a right idea of man's wretched spiritual condition. Very ofteu when the truth was pressed home on men.they were offended. A Brahmin once boasted he had never destroyed life of any kind and on a glass of water being shewn to him under a micro scope swimming with myriad insects, he dashed it to the ground and broke it and was angry with those who had shewn it to him. So it was with men in their spiritual Btate, they were offended not only with the truth but also with him who pro claimed it. Then again there was the truth re lating to the mode by which man was to bo re stored to God's favor. The Bible, whilst it re vealed man's lost and wretched condition, pointed out to him the way by which lie could regain God's favonr. "God so'loved the world that lie gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believctli on Him should not perish but have everlasting life." .Then again there was experimental truth, that which was utilised in the intelligence. The mere knowledge that tliey had a Saviour was not sufficient. There must be the practical reception of that truth in order that they might realize its blessedness in their hearts and-lives. There was no religion in the world like the religion of the Bible which 'would change a man's heart. But how- were they to buy the truth ? Could it be bought with money ? Oh n*. When the mimclcs wrought by the power of the Holy Ghost were seen the apostle was offered money, for that power, but Peter replied "Thy money perish with thee beoause thou hast thought the gift of Gorl can be bought with money." There were manyj who would like to obtain religion or the truth "if they could do so by offering large sums of money for it. They wonld much sooner part with their money than their sins. There were many who spoke in the highest terms about truth and the Bible, and yet wouldn't comply with the conditions by which that purpose could be made. ? Now in order to obtain the truth it was their duty to go to the place where truth was to be found. It was not to bo found at all events in the schools of philosophy, or in the maTts of commerce, neither at all times in temples of devotion. In order to obtain that truth it was necessary to go. to him to whom it belonged and that was Christ. He had said " I am the way, the truth and the life. No man Cometh to the Father but through me." He was the author of the truth, His spirit was the spirit of truth, His system was the sum and sub stance of all truth and His disciples were children of the truth. To make that purchase it was' necessary further, to give up all those hindrances which lay in their path in order to obtain it. There were many such and what would be a ..hindrance in the case - of one - might .not affect another, in the same way.pFrejuuice w'ten prevented. them, buying the truth. That was a mighty force in the world. It had,-retaTted-the development of mind and the free expression of opinion nnd placed a pad dock upon the gates of knowledge. It nailed the Prince of Truth to a'cross and now when the truth was proclaimed, owing to prejudice the truth was rejected. .Our Saviour said "If I say the truth why do ye not believe me?"' But they refused to believe'-Him because the. estimate formed of Him as a Galilean prejudiced their minds against Him., .-It was not an easy matter for an individual to gi ve up wbathahad been taught to be the truth from his infanov.. And when bo was convinced of the divine- truth a struggle would take place in his mind before he accepted the truth.-.- Their duty was to give up everything that came between Christ and their souls, to obtain the troth. The individual who sought truth with a prejudiced mind was very much like a man who wont to light a candle with the extinguisher on. It was for them to take the advice of the poet and " seize upon truth where'er ifis found." . . Then there was the question of self conceit. " I am Sir Oracle, when I opc my mouth let no dog bark." Often owing to an individual having too high an opinion of himself and thinking he , must, be always right, so strongly was that en grafted on his mind that he would reject the truth rather than admit he was wrong. The truth was too humbling for him. He didn't humble himself that he could become as a little child in order that he might enter the Kingdom of Heaven. 8omo would rather sacrifico the truth than sacrifioe their evil -com panions, . I In order to obtain the truth they must make uso of tho appointed means.- The Bible was given to them for that purposo, that Book which had God for its author, truth for its matter without any mixture of error, and salvation for its end. The Bible was tho truth, the whole truth and nothing but tho truth. Another means appointed, for this purpose was that of prayer. If any of them lacked ?wisdom, let them ask of God who gave to all men amply. Then there were all the public and private means of grace, all the ordinances of religion estab lished by God. It was through these channels the truth was to be conveyed to the heart, and by using these means the truth might be realised. Why should they buy tho truth 1 In the first place they regarded truth as essential to their well being. There wore many things in the world they could do without which wouldn't save tliera, but they couldn't do without truth. It tended to en lighten a man's understanding. It exerted nn en nobling influence on his natures Its possession brought him into direct connection with God, and raised him to the highest moral platform in the universe, making him a child c.f God, and an in heritor of the kingdom of Heaven. : Then let thorn look at the blessedness of the truth. No individual could possess the truth as it was in> Jesuj without enjoying real happiness. The interests of him, who hnd obtained the truth were safe for both worlds. Another reason why the; purchase should be made was the easy ^torms on which it could be obtained. They went out shopp ing some day it might be, and saw many things and said '. I should like to have that and that and that, but ah the price is too high, I cau't afford it, it is beyond my reach." That could not be paid with reference to the truth. It was offered on the' easiest and simplest teims=. It did not require vast wealth or knowledge. It was offered to all on Buob terms that the way faring man though a fool would not err therein, and was available for a ohil 1 who had come to years of knowing the difference be tween right aud wrong. It mattered not how illiterate a man might bo or how poor, he could make the purchase. Let them buy the truth. The purchase of the truth was absolutely essential to the happiness of every individual in the world. There were many things they might neglect to purchase, and remain without, but if they had any concern whatever for their present and future welfare, truth must bo bought. If they wished to rise in the social scale, and to have a good future on earth let them buy the truth, and let tliuui make it their great business to buy the truth, and rest not until they felt in possession of it. Was it not necessary that parents in their domes tic relations should be guided by the truth? If they didn't respect the truth themselves how could they1 cause their children to respect it? If they would properly carry out the important duties devolving on them they must buy the truth. If they entered the grave without being in possession of the truth terrible indeed would their future be. Alas I how many were acting like the foolish captain did. Ho received orders from . home to survey a certain part of the ocean, where it was said there" was a sunken rock not entered on the chart, and which was a source of great danger to mariner.*. He went and examined the place, and reported that the story was an idle dream, no such reef existed. But one of his officers wsa not satis fied, and went aiid found it there, and when tho captain heard of it he said it was false, and swore that if ever he was in that part again lie would sail his ship over the ver y spot. Some time after the captain was in the very part, and had his attention drawn to the reef, but. hp laughed at it, and said he would keep the oath he had taken. The passengers' were alarmed, but he pcisistcd in his purpose, and sailed for the spot. Presently there was a grating, and then a fearful crash, and the vessel' went to piecc.", and the foolhardy enptain. perished because he had rejected the truth. Tho truth was spread out before them, but men seemed to be io'bent on' their own' ri.in that they heeded it not, and went to' their own destruction. Let them bny tho truth if they wished to be happy in this world and in the next, and escapc the punish ment of the rejectors of the truth. :; PRIMITIVE METHODI&T; CHURCH. - Services will be held- to-morrow as follows : Temperance Flail, 11 and 7 ; Cranebrook at-3 o'clock, also at Kingswoocl at 3 o'clock. Special service'in Tem perance Hall on Fsiday night at 7.30. ltev. C. W. Willis of Parrnmatta to conduct. . . 