A SPIRIT. VWirE . Ralph Atwood's young daughter, Evelyn, ran away from him with a fashionable city man, who had been hanging about the place for a long while, the shock to her father was very terrible. tie was one of a type common enough in New England, rare elsewhere; a man of education, wlho cared nothing for the prizes of this world. If lie wanted more money than be had, it was merely to adld new books to his library. There lhe s.ent all the time that he could spare from the small farm, which brought him, year in and year out, enough to live on. The house, with its quaint old furniture, had belonged to the Atwoods ini Revolutionary times, and was mniraculously preserved, having been built of un usually gooad material, but it was small and plain. He did a great deal of the out-of-door work with his own hands, and his daughter, who had lost her mother in infancy, did all that was needed within. It was when she was spreading linen to bleach upon the graus that the 0lan who destroyed her happiness first saw her ; and she was pretty enough to make any one linger to gaze; fair and young, anl very graceful. Her father thought her as pure as a baby, and as innocent of all knowledge of sin ; and when the truth burst upon himn, it crushed him, mind, body, and one might have fancied, soul also. He was ill for a long time, and during this time he leased his place to a young man who had just married, keeping only the little end room where his books were, and where lihe had had his tbed placed. Though he got about again, all his energy seemed gone; but I believe that he still hoped that his Evvy would return to himi some day, until news of hcrdeoth reached him. It was a short, sad story. The man for whose sake she had left her home lhad been fond of her for a little while. He dressed her in lace and velvets, and gave her jewels to wear and money to spend. Then his fancsy took another flicht, and he neglected Evelyn. One day her bonnet and a parasol were found by the river's edge. This little note was pinued to them. It was directed to the man who had been so cruel to her: "You will be glad to be rid of me, for you love me no more. Will you tell my dear, good father that I know a dead trouble will not be so hard to boar as a living shame, and that I hope he can forgeot me. EosLYN." I shall never forget old Atwood'a face when he read that letter. I was practising medicine in Greenburn at the timne, and I think that I kept him from dying then. My wife was very sorry for him, and we did all the little things we could to make him comfortable. But he cared for nothing. Life had lost all interest to him. And in this condition we left him when we moved to Boston. He seemed so hopeless, so lonely, so utterly without any object in life, that I could not but feel that death would be for him a release from suffering. However, he was not permitted to die, while men who longed to live, and whose existence seenmed necessary to otlhers; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in the street. He was thin and worn, but the dull look had changedl for one of excitement. He grasped my hand warmly. "I hlaven't forgot your kindness, Doctor," he said, "I have not, indeed. And AMrs. \- , I hope she is well." I answered that we were both in good health, and inquired how long he had been in Now York. "Two months," he answered. "Two months. They seem so long: So much' his happened. I should like to toll you a?but it, bot itis so noisy here, and it agitates me too much.'.' "Come and take tea with us," I sanid " and we can have a long talk." "\ Why, how kind of you," he answored. "Bless my heart, how kind people are, and how good Heaven is. Why, when despair seems to draw a dark curtain about you for ever, suddenly there shines a light, a-why, my dear, dear friend, you don't half know how good bGod is to us." He took both ourlhands and pressed them.i " I go out so much," he said. " Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. How lucky that this is Tuesday. I have it to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my hand, let it go, and hurried away. I was great puzzled, anod when I reached home my wife shared my astonishmnent. Old Ralph Atwood, who had farmed his little land so simply, who had lived such a quiet life and spent his leisure time in reading works on which he could not even talk to his uneducated neighbours-a man who, after his wife died, loved one lhuman being on earth, his dnughter -a man on whom a crushing grief had fallen so heavily that his labours in the field had be come too hard for him, and that when I left Greenhburn he had told me that he could find no distraction in his favourite volumes, since on every page he turned the name of his daughter Evelyn and her sad history alone seemed written. This man, eager again-with engagements for certain evenings in the week--hopeful, and, above all, with such faith in the goodness of God; for never very religious, the trouble that had befallen him had seemed to make him utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we were more than the sands of the desert, or those flakes of snow that melt as they fall to earth. " What. can it be ? What can it be ?" my wife repeated. But we could not explain the matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood arrived. He was prompt, however, and came into the room with a smile on his thin, old face His manner was more genial than I had ever fancied it could be; he shook our hands warmly. " You are looking very well, lMr. Atwood," said my wife. "You notice that ?" lhe said. "Ah ! well, life is a very different thing to mno now. I will tell you all about it. It is wonderful; so, wonderful that I cannot believe my own senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I can make you believe me. Still, with proofs at hand-': He stopped snd smiled, and crossing the roomn, stood before an engraving of Mary at the tomb. * He is not here, for He is risen," he said. The tears were in his eyes, but he wiped them away quickly. We sat down to tea. When the little maid was goneo Atwood looked at us earnestly. " Friends,:' te said, "0you are good people, and you are people who think. Doctor, you know of such matters. Do you believe me a sane man ? Do I selen rational to you ?" "Assuredly," I said. " I feel myself to be so," said hlie; " hut I will sllhake your faithl in moe in a few monments, when I tell you tiot moy dead daughter Evelyn Ihas returned to mu, as palpable a presence aos in her life. I have not only seeon ler, but spoken to her, touclhed hier, held her in my arms. iMy friecds, I swear it to sou." We said nothling. It was plain that this was true to himn. He went on, "You know that books o hichl treat of the soupernatuoal--wloat we call the supernatural were alwcays interesting to ime," le said. '"I never doubtedl the stories toll biy Kerner of the Secress of Preyerst Becausce did not under stand a thing gave me no right to call it false. Who is it that says, ' If a man believed only wslat lhe cold comuprlehcndl, he would believe neitlherin God, io hilmself, in the stars lwhich rolled above his lheadl, or the hlerbage which is crushed beneath his feet? ' ]lut after my great trial I read nothing, as you know. I used to lie 0cross my bed hour by hour, doubting biod because le would not let me die. I used to go down into the woods and lie there with the same feelings in my heart. One day I found a papier there. Fronm force of lhabit A picked it up. It was a spiritultistic pper. Ah l I see you stare. Tlere was au-o occoint of a material izing sceance that held mne spell-blound."' Hie paused. My wife had turned red and pale in a moment. I felt a sudden emnotion of irritatio,. This n-was wslt he was coming to. 0 Al," he said, looking at me, " so I lhase shocked you. You do think me mad no'. Well, ony friends, I c:tonnot blame you; but let me tell you that that old newspaper has changed earth to heraven for me. I kept it. I camr e to loston. I went to tile house-that blessed house. I --I--." He gave each of us a locnd. "And I saw my Evelyn there. Yes, dear friends, it is true; all true. She has kissed me. Slhe has told me that she loves me. Why, it is notlhing to die--nothing. We are the sonic :ats we were here, only tllhere is no trouble there, or any parting.. Yes, it is true, this materialization." It was so lolainly true to him. It was to me so horrible and cruel a deception that my soul sickened withlin mne. " Whot do you see I?" I asked. "A veiled face, over which tie curtains are drawn in hoaste, and this in a room too dark to see any thing plainly ?" "No, no," he said. "I sei Evelyn, and shie Ihas told mu things no other could know; of howo she used to play in the little closet in my library, keeping her toys there; of hier mothler's portrait, wsnioh she used to kiss before shle went to bed; of the curious stones from Palocstine that the minister gave her; of the tine a bird flew in at the window, and iperched upon lor shoulder. Oh, it is Evelyn. At first I could not realize it; but nows -" He paused aool sipped his tea. "This is the fir.t teo I have tasted for some time," he said. '? It refreshes me greatly. I have not much money, you know, and these mediums are obliged to charge rather heavily, from a poor man's point of view. I live on bread and water, and I sleep in a very miserable lodging to save my fees; but what do I care if I ncan see Evelyn ?" Oh, how cruel this deception was. I thought. How these deceivers preyed- on the tenderest feelings of tie human heart. " Comoe to-morrow evening, dear friend," said Atwood. " You will see I speak from knowledge." " Yes, I will go with you," I said. "And then you will believe," lie' answered. " We will noet talk about 'it until you have seen." It was late next evening when I went with him to the house of the medium. In tile par lour was a small assemblage of people, who took their places in a double semicircle about the "cabinet"-a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were respectable people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habitues hailed Atwood in friendly fashion. " Ie is greatly blessed," tail a mild old lady at my side. " HIis daughter is a very strong spirit. I wish my husband would come a:, plainly, but I never see his face.' Then a sharp, eager face was thrust between us. " Matilda came illuminated last night," said a voice. " How I rejoiced! " Then the face was gone, for a hush was upon the room. A coarse, strong woman had entered, withdrawn tie curtains fromn the cabinet, asked if anyone wanted to examine it, and permitted me to enter. MJy fingers, in passing over the carpet on the floor, detected the hinges of a trap-door ; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room was darkened; the medium entered into the cabinet, and a strange squeak ing noice proceeded from its depths. ': Yellow Pigeon the Pawnee," we were in formed was addressing us. IIe was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage. Finally he consented to appear. Something like a feather duster waved between the curtains, and we were told that he had done so. I had been to these places before; I had seen all that followed-the usual gleamof white at the entrance of the cabinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soul of a departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a ? Hullo ! my hearties," as a sailor boy, drowned years before. IMy blood was boiling within me, when suddenly all was silent. We were asked to sing. We sang-to drown the sound of something else, I knew-we sang, " Shall We gather at the River," to tile squeak of a melodeon. Then the curtains parted. A voice said : " Father. dear father." It was Evelyn's voice. The light grow a little stronger. I saw Evelyn's face. The curtains parted ; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes that draped her as a statue is draped, in clin"ing folds, her white feet bare, her white arms bare, her fair hair falling to her waist. " Evelyn.! ': The old muan had hastened to the cabinet. He held liher hand, and caressed it. "Come here, my dear friend," he said. "Do you doubt now ?" Doubt i MIy heart for a moment seemed to stop beating. Then I stood beside him. I touched the hand he held. It was no ghostly hand. I felt warm breath upon my cheek. I touched hair that grew on a living head. I clasped her about the waist. "Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood," I said. Suddenly the lights were all put out. In the darkness I felt a man grapple with me. Happily I am powerfully built. I made my way to the door. My cloak was on the hall rack-a military sort of overcoat, with a cape. I wrapped it about the girl, who clung to me, and made my way into the street. Our cab was at the door. I put the young creature into it. "Lot no one come near the carriage," I said. "Thrust me, yer honour," replied the coachman. I went back to the house. I had taken the precaution to come armed. The room was light, the medium protesting that a "sceptic" had "grabbed" a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysterics. My friend was sitting upon a sola white as death. "Come," I said to him, "remember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter lives." We went together to tile carriage. The girl only held her arms out to her father. He took her in his own. "Oth, I was so wretched," she said, "so miserable, so degraded. I left my things on the bank of the river. I did not drown myself, and I dared not go home to the fathei I had disgraced. I tried to get work. This medium -this woman with her cabinet-oh, she is very very bad-engaged me to sew. Then she wanted me to play the part of spirit-I, who was dead to those I loved. It seemed very fitting: I almost fancied myself a ghost. I made money for her. She was liberal enough to me, and if I refused, starvation lay before me ; and then one night my father came. Oh, my father ! and hlie embraced me. I never told the woman he was really my father. But, oh, to see him I to touch him ! And it made him so happy. You know the rest. Oh, how can you forgive me !" Again she clung to him. He folded her to his heart. "Love forgives everything, my child," he said. They live in thoe old house together yet. She will never be joyous again, but she is very mild and sweet; and the last time I saw Ralph Atwood, lie was reading his old mystie lore again. "In spite of all, I know," ho said, " I feel quite sure, that the spirits of lost dear ones do returnr to us sometimes." "At least," I answered, "wo shall go to them:" 