WHAT IS THE WEDDING OABHEjm Bv C. H. SrunoEov. And when the king came in to see tbe guests, he saw there a man which, had not on a wedding, gar ment : and ho saith unto him, Friend, how earnest thou in hither not having a wedding garment ? And bo was speechless. T-eu said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and t ast him into outer darkness ; there shall be weep ing and gnashing ol teeth.'— Matthew xxii. 11—13. Two Sabbath mornings ago I j re iched from, this parable, and I tr- at many were encouraged by it; but I noticed among enquirers who cam®- 1 » see me a.terwards, a desire to know about tbe wedding gar ment ; for they fexred lest, in coming to join tne cliuivii, they should come like the man of wt.om I shall now speak. Many true hearts are t xtremely sensitive to the irnpre.-sion of lexr, and they seem to be on tne wateh for reasons lor aux.ety. " I do not condemn them ; on the contrary, I wish there were more of such lioly tiexubleis. It is much better to be a ft a id of being wrong than to be indifferent as ti what you are. I perceive among the very best of toe sa ints a eoiisideraDie number who are deeply auxious as to their state before God. Those who will one day b 4 cast out of tbe wedding feast are feeding them selves without fear, while those who have the most right to enjoy the banquet are full of a raeious anxiety. Sjiomoii savs, 4 lmppy is the man that le ireth alway' : he will cling closely to his God, and t-oat will make him happy ; he will not'run risks like tbe presumptuous, and so -ho- will be happy. Holy fear spreads few banquets, but it takes care, that When there is a feast We go to it in a welding garment. My cmef object this morning will be-to allay the fears of gracious ones. If they 'understand what the wedding gas meat really, is, tney will probably .„dis- . cover chat ti.ey are wearing it; and, if not, they vr-.l know in whose wardrobe that garment of joy "is to be found, and they wiU gladly ask to be arrayed there &. May the Holy Spirit, the Comforter, give a wedding joy this rooming to each wedding guest, by causing huu to sec for certain that be is clothed in the wedding robe. Immediately after our text, we find these solemn, words : ' Many are called, but few are chosen.' This is a conclusion drawn frem the whole parable, in which we see processes at work, which separate the chosen few from the many who are called. A dis tinction was m-tde by the summoning of the invited , guests. The sanplc delivc- y of the invitation set a differenccb Aween the loyal und the rebellious— a dis tinction most marked and ceiisive. So it is in the preaching of the Gospel: we preach it to every creature within our reach. Lovnily, tenderly, es mostly ; not so well as we would, but etill with all our heart we call men to the royal feast of grace ; and straightway the very invitation begins to gather out the precious from the vile. Pure gospel preaching is very discriminating. You can tell Cain from Abel as <="on as the sacrifice is the subject. Preacb salva tion by grace, and you iind that some wiil not have it at any price, others postpone all consideration of it, and a third party raise questions without end. Still do men make light of it, and go their way to their farms and to their merchandise. Thi s, dear friends, every Sabbath day, without our attempting to sit in judgment on nieu, the gospel is in itself a refining fire. In the gospel the Son of David has a throne of judgment as well as of mercy. When men will not have Cxirist and His grace, the Woid preached by His humble servant drives them away, and they gdwith the eliaff. But the work of discrimination is not finished after the gospel has been heard and men have been brought into the church. Alas ! even in the church division has to be made; indeed, it is there that this is most fully carried out. His fau is in liis hand, and he will throughly purge his floor. If he usr-s » scourge nowhere else, he will be sure to use it in h-s own temple. Among the sheep there are goats ; the virgins there hi® f .olish ones ; and among liiv guests at the weddiug feast there are those who have not on the wedding garment. Until we come to heavi n itself we j-hxll. always discover necessity for the work of self-examination. Even in the apostolic college, Judas carried on his knavery, as if to warn us thai no rank in service, no honour amoug brethren, no length of experience can screen us from the necessity of saying, ' Lord, is it I V when his warning voice saith, 'One ox you shall betray me.' In our text wo see a man who has hearkened to the invita tion and has come to the feast, and thus has passed l lie hist test; and yet he is unable to abide the second ; he has been rece vad by the servants, but he cannot deceive their Master. The King detects him as a spot in the feast, and Le is cast out from the pala<-e of merey into the outer darkness, where there j« weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. May none of us be of this sort. . . i I shall endeavour, to answer four questions nau r.'.liy arising out of the parable. First, What is meant by the King's coming in ? — when the Kiug came in to see the guests . secondly, What is the weddiug garment ! thirdly, Who is he that hath it not I and, fourthly. Why did he stand speechless w hen he was asked, 4 How earnest thou in hither not having a wedding garment ? I. May the Holy Spirit help us wife we consider, first, what is meant by the King's coming in. The King came in to see the guests.' They were all rc-clioing at the tables, for ' the wedding was fur nished with guests.' They gathered while the sun was up, but darkness covered the world outside when ' the king came in to see the guests.' They had feasted, auk now the king came to honour- the assembly. It was tbe crown and the culmination of the feast. No matter how dainty the viands, nor how bright the hall, the feast has "not reached its height till his majesty appeal's in gracious condescension. It is so with us, beloved, in reference to our greater King. When we are gathered in this house, which has often pro-, e 1 to us a palace of delights, we never reach the height of our desire till the Lord manifests Himself to us. You delight to hear the preacher, and to join in the song, and to say Amen to the prayer, but these tie not all. Your heart and your flesh cry out for God. for the living God; you look to behold the King in his beauty. When the glorious Father reveals H in self in Christ Jesus, then the Sabbath is a high day. for our prayer is answered, 'Make thy face to shine upon thy servant.' Our glorious King is not always equally manifest in our solemn assemblies. Doubtless because of our sins he hideth himself. In truth lie is always with us ; for the feast is His, and the hall is His, and every guest is brought in by His grace, ana every dish on the table is -placed there by His love ; but yet there are times when He is specially seen among His people. Then our communion with the Father, and with his Son, Jesus Christ, is sweet indeed These are seasons of gracious visitation : time# of re freshing from the presence of the Lord. When the King comes into the assembly, the preaching of the w ord is in demonstration of the Spirit, and in power. Then the day of Pentecost has fully eome : the Spirit is abundantly outpoured, souls are saved, saints are edified, and Christ is glorified. The spiritual soon detect the divine presence, and the shout of a King is heard in the camp. When I think of it, my heart cries out with Isaiah, Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, that ti.e mountains might flow down at thy presence !' _ The presence of our God brings with it heavenly hanpiness, Folemn content, and overflowing joy. Well dies Dr. Watts sing : — The King himself comes "near. And feasts his sainta to-day; Here we may sit jmd see him here. And love, and praise, and pray. ' 4 One day amidst the place Where my dear God hath been Is sweeter tliau ten thousand days Of pleasurable sin.' Beloved friencs, you know better than I can tell ; you when the King-is near, and you know sorrowfully when he is not in the assembly. Alas, from how many congregations is he absent, and that absence un mounted ! "When the Lord is gone we spread our sails, but there is no wind : we bring the sacrifice, but there is no file. The wedding would have been a failure without guests; but what would the feast have been if the host had refused to come ip. and see the guests ? But the King came in in due time. Ay, came in among that crowd of wayfarers gathered ironi the highways at a moment's notice, and his presence crowned the festival with, honour and rap- Tliis coming in to see the guests indicates a glorious revelation of himself. "When the King saw toe guests, the guests saw Him; but, inasmuch as jms sight of them was the more importont sight of the tvi o, the chief is mentioned while toe mum- h<2it pm-eSin Fatmos, readvto swoon .awav be- jSua the Father in elitist ! When Jesimhas beenset forth evidently crucified amoug v G bdield the face of the great King tawea ft iov, so that we have neon ready to leap into heaven itself if the word had llLES."1; Awurttoe read those oI j,8 n 606 ace and live,' he was bold Blessed visioT' me die to 860 tiiy face.' ' Ford, let me see thy beauteous face ' It yields a lieavcn below ; -an?es found the toiooe will sav, Tis all the heaven they know.' delif£ts to?e hls guests, and His guests debght to see Him. Then is our worship full of bliss, and no place out of heaven i'b so like to heaven as tbe ? 1 «SHr a8:5embies. We read in tbe Gospel of to?T disciples .lad when theVsaw the Lord ; and well they might be. Then are we glad also when we distinctly discern him as our Load m ?vJi0' My own S8ul kiiovrsthis joy nhspeak- v ' it is unspeakable, I say no more. For tiie King-to eomean and see the guests includes a mauilestatiou of special favour. He coices in, not to judge the guests, but to look upon them. You that were here last. Thursday might weU remember any text : Look thou upon me, and he merciful unt o me, as toouu e;tto do unto those that- love thv name.' .hG Lord- w accustomed.. to look with favour upon toose who love Ins name, for he is pleased with them. U brothers and sisters, when the love of God is shed abroad m our hearts by the Holy Ghost; when the Father lifts upon us. the light of his countenance, then our summer w\ aher is come. Can anything be compared with the favour of God? The smiles of kings, the friendships of emperors— do not mention tfcwii m t le same day. 8ome of you know that the „ 4®vef y?«; 3'ca. that he loved yon from before the foundation of the worid , and he will love you when the world has ceasedto be. Oh that the King would come here this morning in thatsmse, and- look intoall your faces, nd give you allthe Tull assurauca that you are m His heart, and shall be there to all eternity ! Oh that this whole church may be a living temple iu which theLotd shall de iglit to dwell ; may fevciy stone of it be brilliant with ,the reflected . light- pf lus favour ; may all our testimonies and labours be acceptable unto him, and may he be very gracious-afc- the voice of our cry ! O Jehovah, manifest thyself here as thou didst between the cherubim ! For thv eakewe have borne reproach ; Lord be our glory 1 We have held fast thy truth ; we beseech thee, let the light of thy countenance encou age us ! But here is toe solemn point to which I «sll your attention: this visitation brings with it a time of dis covery and searching of heart. When the King comes in to see the" guests, tbe light grows stronger, and hidden tilings are revealed ; for all things are naked and open .to the eyes of him with whom we have to do. When the Lord visits his church, his fire isinZion, and his furnace in Jerusalem; then the man without a wedding gtmenfc is winked at no longer. Youcau go on sleeping as a church when God is away, and no members will fall off ; for those who know not the Lord will come in and go out among you as aforetime. The dead will remain quiet till the Laid sounds .ti.e trumpet of resurrection. : me: professors will not know that they are maldng a false profession, but w.ll remain at ease in our solemn feasts. But when the King comes in ail things are changed. 4 Who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appe-retli? for he is like a refinei-Vfiie, and like fullers' sope; You cannot receive abundant spiritual life into the chureli without the discernment of the unworthy, aid the expulsion o ? the spiritually dead . One goes away because he is offended at the doctrine, another is grieved at the heart-searching experience, and a third feels h'miclf too sternly rebuked as to his life. Thus the Lord's visitation of grace becomes an assize of judgment, and tbe finger of the Lord writes upon the wall, 4 Thou ar t weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.' If the Lord oar God were to come into His church to-day there would be an awfui shrinkage among the number of his guests ; a panic would seize the assembly, and tbe door would be blocked with men hastening 1 3 escape his eye. Look how the king's discernment is recorded in the text. One man only had refused to put on a wedding garment; but the king at once fixed his eye upon h.m. The Saviour, by a kind of heavenly charity, mentions only one intruder, but I l'ear "we must regard the one as the type of ma ay. If the King should come in at the time of our communion, I am afraid he would detect more than one. Still, if there were but one; he would concentrate his gaze upon that one, and speak to him by himself. If you are the only person who has dared to enter the church knowing that you are not converted, the King will spy you out. If you make a. profession. of religion out of bravado, audkeep it up by sheer deceit, you may hide yourself away among your family connec tions. or "think that your respectability will screen you; but you are mistaken. You have "to deal with one whosfe eyes are as a flame of fire, and he will so unmask you that you. will'nothave'ra word to say in your own defence. This is a solemn matter. It will riot make the trr -hearted wish the King to stay awav, but those who are wilful deceives may well tremble. The King does come to this church. He is specially present in the midst of this people, and the consequence is that his judgment is strict with us. I have seen the rod of Iris discipline here in a very striking manner. I have seen the fair pro fessor wither in the heat of love, and tLe rootless Christian dried up in the noontide of grace. He might have gone on very well in any other church, but he has not been able to abide the brandished sword of toe Spirit, and its dividing asunder soul and opirit, joints and marrow. He has not been able to sit it out, but has been obliged to go away and find an easier rest. Just in proportion as we really have the King in the midst of us making glad the saints, we shall Lave toe King in the midst of us discerning the false and casting them out, first into the outer darkness of the World, which lieth in the wieked one. and at last into the outer darkness of weeping and trailing and gnashing of teeth. Still, be tile result what it may, our prayer this morning is, 4 God" be merciful unto us, and "bless us ; and -cause .His face to shine upon us.' TT- Now I would answer the second question. : What is the wedding garment ? You are probably aware that this has been a point greatly disputed among theologians. Is the wedding garment justifi cation, or sanctiiication, 01- what ? Iam not going to be theological and bring doctrinal matters to "the text; but I shall read the parable as it stands, and interpret its details by its general run. It is caked a ' wedding garment' — a garment suitable for a mar riage feast. Let us translate the figure, rather than attempt to rivet a doctrine to it. What does a wed ding garment mean ? What is that which we must have in connection with our Lord's marriage or be cast out for ever ? Ithinklmay say plainly that it must signify a dis- tmeiiishinsr mark" of geace. Eveiybody does not v ear a weddihg garment ; lie who wears it has put ' it oil because he is a wedding guest. You know the wedding guest at onpe by his attire. : He drsses in a j way which vfould be considered singular if he were so arrayed every day. Your steady citizen indulges in a white waistcoat on the nuptial occasion, but he never dreams of going down to his office in toe city insuchgear. True members of the church of God wear a distinguishing mark. If you are riot different from other people, you have no right in the church of , God. If a servant can live with you for years and never discover vour love to God, I should think there is none to discover. If you are just toe same as those you lived within your former days, if you have undergone no change, and are like the rest of men, you have not toe distinguishing mark which sets forth your -sight to. .be in the church of God. There ought to be &' something about us wbich sets us apart— a something which can be seen and under stood by common people, even as a wedding garment could be seen, and its meaning at once perceived. Your religion must not require a microscope tp per ceive it, nor should it be so indistinct that few can jitnov-any meaning in it, Jt should be _as visible as the white garment which was wornby Easterns at a marriage. Is it so? . I jjjay .boldly add here that the wedding garment o mark of grace ; - foi as these ramie were fetched in from the highwayajtoey could not have provided themselves trito weddum gar ments. It is toe custom m toe East for a king to provide robes for his guests, therefore this weddiug Garment was a mark of grace, fteely given and re- Sred. Is there, then, a something aboutyou which S £rd in love ks given you ! Do you . differ from Sera, not in natural attornment, but m spmtual f Does the difference mainly lie in what the question involved in the symbol of the redding garment. Do you diflfer from what you used to be ? Do you differ from what you werefyeara mo Do you differ from those with whom you used to associate, so that you seek other company and turn aside from toose who once were chaamhg fellows to you ! If bo, you have on the wedding gaiicedt. 1 It is a distinguishing mark. I do not mean to put this in a way that would 'grieve anybody -here unless they ought to be grieved; but if they ought to be grieved, then we would have than cry to God for re newal by His grace.. May the Lord make you wear His livery! May He give you the spot of His, children, and cause you no longer to be of the worid ! A distinguith'ng mark is plainly toe first meaning of the wedding garment. Iu the next place, it was a symbol of respect for the king. To be fit for his eompanv, the dress must be special. The absence of such a dress was, in the -case before us, the badge of irreverenceand disloyalty. This man said to himself : 4 1 will feed at the feast without acknowledging its inteiit. Whoever stops me, I will push my way in, and I shall sit there in my everyday garments, to let the king know that I dp not respect him in the least, and will not wear the robes be provides.' It is as if you had lost a eon, and some welched man would ray, 4 1 will attend toe funeral in a wedding suit. I shall thus wound the feelings of tbe mourners, and show my contempt for toe whale affair.' What an insult it would be! To turn the picture. Suppose you were being married, and some body forced his way into toe wedding dressed in mourning, with crape up: n bis hat, and black kid : gloves upou bis hands. What a wanton insult 1 If such. impudence were met with a horse-w:ip, who ! would be surpri-sed ? Now, this man acted in that fashion. He had no respect for the king ; he Showed his traitorous nature iu the worst possible manner,, epttmg the king in his own haHs upon a tender occa- sion. Dear friends, I trust that you can truly say, 4 1 have on the wedding garment of reverence for the King. I do not despise the Lord God; but I bow before Him iu true worship. . I would come into His Church, not to dishonour Him, hut to givegiory to His name.' The wedding garment was a token of respect to him who had provided the feast and presided over it r ; judge you this day whether you have on the wed ding garment, by requiring wbether- you honour and reverence the Lord God, "and labour to be obedient to Him in all things. ' "The wedding garment was, -.-moreover,- a token of honour for theBrince. Those who put oii the wedding ; garment did as good as say, 4 We join in the joy of ' the prince, and come hither to-day to show -our at- - tacliment to him, and to wish him joy of his bride.' My. hearers, do yori feel a love for The . Lord Jesus ' . Const? Many do not. I grieve fo say we have a race of men sprung up nowadays who ealt themselves Christ'ans, vjho pour, contempt upon His precious -blood, i-n i ridicule the substitutionary sacrifice. Dreadful assertion ! but it is a matter of fact. The . name of Jesus, why, it is to our lives what the sun is to the skies, what the rivers are to the plains. Nothing .makes us so glad as thought of Jesus. I am sure when I hear a sermon about Christ, my Master, my very heart grows warm within me. Is itsb with you ! Well, then, you have on the weddiug garment ; that is to say, you do truly, though it- be but in a simple way, pay homage to the Prince of Peace ; you love the name and person of Jesus, and you come into His chuich because you do so. The wedding garment also signified a confession of sympathy with the great occasion. Every man who ate of the failings, every man who drank of the wines, every man woo gave his presence, was a helper in the honiuvs of that wedding feast, save only $ris one in truder, who would not even pretend to joiriin the joy, for he refused the simple act of putting on a robe lit for the f< ast. Dear friend, do you feel sympathy with th€f Lord's x>urposes of graee ? Do you" rejoice that Jesus finds a bride among our race? Do you bless God for the covenant of grace, which includes in carnation, redemption, and sa notification ? Do you bless toe incarnate God for taking into everlasting union with Himself a j eiple prepared of toe Lord ? Well, then, you are in sympathy with the marriage of toe Lamb, and you have a right to be present at the feast. You evidently wear the wedding garment which denotes your joy iu Christ , your interest in His church, your part and lot in the joyous work of His salvation. The wedding garment means, in a word, con formity with the requirements of the occasion. It was a wedding, and the guests must put on a suitable (Le;s. This man refused to put it on. He was proud, and would not wear the gift of grace ; he was self- willed, and must needs be singular-, and show his i 1- dependenceof mind. The regulation was by no means irksome, and to the rtv of "toe guests the command ment was not grievous; but this man would have his own way in defiance of the Lord of the feast. What could come of such follv ' Now. beloved, one of the requirements of the feat is, that you with your heart believe on tbe Lord Jesus, and that you take h 's righteousness to be your righteousness. Do you re fuse this '! If you will not accept tie Lord Jesus as your substitute, bearing your sins iu His own body on the tree, you have not the wedding garment, \pnfopr requirement is that you should repent of sin and for- 8 ike it; and that you should follow after holiness, and endeaiour to copy the example of tbe Lord Jesus. You are to possess, as the work of Divine grace, a godly and upright character. Have you sucli a character? Eveu though you are not perfecj;, yea, inasmuch as you fo!i>w after righteousness, you- have the. wedding garment. You say .that you are a Christian ; do you live like a Christian ? "Are you in a position and condition which agree .wito the. Gospel feast ! If so, you have on the wedding garment. . Those who came" untib the", feast wete, when they came, both bad and good; so that the wedding garment does not relate to their past character, tut relates to something with which tliev were invested when they came to the banquet. The putting on of a wedding robe cannot refer to an elaborate cere mony, or feat of the intellect, or a deep experience of t he heart ; and yet it involved joining in the wedding, ornot joining init. It involved re ver. nee for the King, and sympathy with the whole matter. Look well to yom selves, and see whether you truly yield vourselves to the Lord, and agree with him in the whole matter. HI. Thirdly, who is the man that hasnot on the wedding garment ! I should say, first, he is the man who reject God's , revealed gospel font he may follow his own thought and his own wisdom. He says that he is loyal to Christ, and he expects all his fellow guests to be firm friends with him, for is he not iu the banquet as much as they are? But he does not mean by loyalty what they mean by. it. He is amongbelievers, but he is not truly of them. He talks about atonement ; he does not mean substitution. He talks about toe divinity of Christ ; he does not mean toe Godhead of Christ." - He talks about justification by faith ; but he dees not mean the old-fashioned doctrine. He speaks of regeneration, but means evolution. He girds him self with the garment of philosophy, but he refuses the robe of- revelation, for the cut of it is too old- fashicned for him. He is no more a wedding guest ; than he is a merry-audrew ; perhaps, not so much so.. He wears raiment in which the robe of righteousness and the garments of gladness are not to be seen. The looms of -free grave and dying love have never woven him a wedding dress. H's robe is not of God's pro vision; it is from bis own culture, and not in toe revelation of God, nor yet in the work of divine grace upon the heart. He is in. toechurch,' but he is not in Christ. He has a name to live, but he is dead. The next person who has . not on the wedding garment is the man who refuses toe righteousness of God because he lias a righteousness of his own. He thinks his work-day dress good enough for Christ's own wedding. What does he want with imputed righteoutoess? He scouts it as immoral. He who is himself immoral! What does he want with toe precious blood of Jesus? He does not need to be washed, from crimson stains. He writes a paper against the sensuousness of those persons who sing — There is a fountain filled with blood Drawn from Inunanuel's veins.' His own righteousness, though it be of the law, and such as Paul rejected, he esteems so highly that he counts toe blood of the covenant an unholy thing 1 Ah me, the insolence of self-righteousness ! Its pride is toe very chief of sins, for it slights the righteous ness of God. Practically, toe self-righteous man does not see auy wedding in the gospel ' system; " lie does not "see anything in toe gospel to make him glqd, nothing for Mm fco sing about, nothing to "make Mui shout for joy- of heart. He will hot-praise toe Prince. Not he I He is under toe law, and he is content tobe a slave ; he istrying to save himself by his own works, and laW knows no holidays. He isliofc a wedding guest, but a mere drudge. Another soft of person has profession without feeling. If he were outside of toe church his con science might trouble him ; he Jias come inside of it, and now he says to himself, -'It is all right.' He does not care to watch his feelings ; henevefhad any : he would rather not have any. To toe power of toe Word he is a stranger, though lie knows the letter of it. As to repentance, and the burden of sin, he never knew them, and ooesnot want to know them. . He thiols Mr. Bunyan must have been superstitious "or - morbid when he wrote ' Grace Abounding.' Joy in toe Lord is equally a thing unknown to him, for he hates all excitement. He has no solemn depressions and no raptures, for he has no spiritual life. As he has no holy feeling, so he has no holy action ; he is a Christian, he says ; but having put up toe sign- board, he drives no trade. His religion operates far more upon his boots and his hat than it does upon his heart : that is to say he comes out respectably dressed on a Sundy, but religion neyer affects conduct. Nobody can find much fault with him except, that he . as dead as a door na'l. He commits no gross sin, he certainly performs no bitliant deeds of piety. Spiritually he :s a very well washed coi-pse— that is : We have others who are in the church, who think What . they have done themselves, or what nature -done for them, is quite -enough. They do ' hot seek anything supernatural. They do not want any wedding garment more than their cvery-day eoats. They are quite reputable in apreaxanee even now, and witha little touching up they will be good enough without toe new birth, and without the Holy Spirit. Alas, my hearers ! all that nature can ever do for you will ieaveyou on toe wrong side of heaven. You may cultivate nature to its utmost, it will never bring forth tbe fruits of toe Spirit. 4 Ye must be bom again.-' If you -have not come into living contact with a living Saviour by the work of the Holy Ghost you may be in the Church, but you are not in Christ, and have not on the wedding garmet. 1 Why, some dare to come into the church who have not even common morality. It is shocking we should have to say it, but nowadays we meet with tbose who call themselves Christians who can drink upon the 6lv, who cen commit imcleauness with .their bodies, who can be disloiest in then- trading, who can hate their own flesh and blood and be at enmity with their brethren, and yet da re to come toa communion table. In the highlands <-f Scoria ud it was at one time difficult to get Christian people to come to the Lord's Table, for they so trembled under a sense of their un- worthiness. We do not want to push this too far, but that is a great "deal better than that unholy daring, which is to bfe found in the minds of so many who serve Christ and Belial. God save His churcn from degradation ! Unholy professors have not 00- a wedding garment ; their outward robes by no means befit the King's feast ; but they are a dishonour to him. j I do not see Low that man can be said to have on a wedding garment who takes no interest in the work of the church. You see when a man pat on the Wedding garment he did as good as say, I aminter- ested in the wedding. I wib God's blessing- to the ' bride aid bridegroom.' But many, "come in now "to the King's feast who do.not care a snap of tbe finger for the ehurch of God, fior for Christ either. ThCy come in because a sort of .selfishness makes them anxious to be saved ; but as to' the bride; the Lamb's wife, they do not Care whether ,she "starves_ Or flourishes. Sad and wretched business this If members of the church only-can distribute tracts or attend meetings for prayer— if they are doing this, and show an interest thus in the wedding — they have on the wedding garment. - But if all they do is sirap'y to hear, eitlier to criticise or to enjoy, but never work for Christ, nor pray for Christ, they have no sympathy in the wedding feast, and therefore they liave not on a wedding garment. - - IV. To close, why was this mas speechless ? We do-not often meet with people who have no excuse. Excuses-making is the easiest trade out. A man cin make ail excuse out of nothing at all, or out of what is less than nothing, out of a direc-f lie. But htre was a man who could not speak ! Why was that ? Well, I think, the affront was too bare-faced. 4 How earnest thou in h" t ier ' If he did not like the king he could have kept outside. There was no need why he should come in at all, and there display his malice. If any of you are resolved to he lost, you need n »t add to your cterea' ruin by making a pro- fess'o » of religion, for hypocrisy is a superfluity of rnugi t'aesF. But this man wilfully refused the wedding garment. Now those dear souls I mentioned at ti ebegii Aug- of the sermon do not wilfully refuse the Lord's grace : I am sure they do not. Oh no, they are afraid they are not right, but they do not wish to be wrong. 6uch are not among those whom thi® parable condemns. 