PEINCESS AND SPY, OE i ?????? ::!? BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. BY JAMES S. BOELASE. CHAPTER CAME HE 'AS FBIEND OS FOB. The house of Air Bayard, the shipbuilder, was on the English quay {Ingliehaia Naberejenia). It was a plain but large and handsome building, and it was bordered by palaces and villas, and fronted by a fashionable thoroughfare, where in summer could be seen as many handsome..* carriages and equipages, as many elegantly, aressea laaies with parasols and lap-dogs, and as many nurse-maids with children in .perambula tors, as at home in any of the London parks. Now, however, it is the depth of winter, and the frozen snow lies deep on the grantie paving, and beyond it the broad Neva is so thickly coated wiah the ice that that an army (artillery, baggage-waggons, and all) might cross it without any fear of its giving way beneath them. . ? The sky is dull and grey, and the east wind comes whistling from the great Lake, of Ladoga, bearing death to all who dare to :ace it out of doors unsifted with a heaD of furs or an iron constitution. ' Thus it is that only an occasional sleigh glides ghost-like over the snow on. its iron runners, and thus it is that the City of the Czar is nsstillandhushodas thoughit were a. vastcemetery. We might call ib by a worse name, but we will not. On the contrary, we will beg the reader's pardon for keeping him out so.longin the cold, ;when within the wealthy .English man's domicile all is so warm and snug. See, the breakfast parlour is furnished in the cosiest English fashion, and instead of the suffocating Russian stove a bright fire burns in the open steel grate. The windows and doors are double, for that is a necessity in such a climate ; but this [is the only thing (if we do not look forth from the windows) calculated to re mind us of Russia, save perhaps the nature of the food and drink. For father and daughter are at break fast, and the former had been long enough in the ltmd of the Czar to prefer a slice of lemon to [cream in his tea, and also to have a partialty for caviare and toast, for roast duck with vinegar and cream sauce, and meat puddings boiled in milk. Ada contentB herself with a plover's egg and thin bread and butter— in fact, with her the meal is a pretence. 1 Papa, do you think that you shall al ways live in Russia?' she asks abruptly, after a while. 1 No, my ohild, I do not. When I have grown too old or too infirm to be of any use I havo every hope that the Emperor will permit me to return to England.' ' Oh, papa, how could you ever have sold your liberty !' 1 My dear, when younger I thought that golden chains would be very light and plea-, sant to wear. I knew that in Old England I might toil on for weary years and never become rich, and so I came hither. I suc ceeded beyond my most sanguine expecta tions. My skill in shipbuilding at last at tracted the attention of the Czar, who offered me large Government contracts at most remunerative rates, on condition of my becoming a naturalised Russian subject, said he would trust the building of war ships to one whom he had not the power to punish if he 'betrayed his trust, or than Russian. I jumped at that glittering bait, and the results is that I am a million aire, and called the Father of the Russian Navy. I will not deny, however, Ada, that at limes the golden shackles seem to gall me almost as much as iron ones could do.' ' And yet you are high in the Czar's favor. Poor Czar ! how glad I am that he escaped the assassin's bullet last night,' exclaimed Ada, with a sigh. ' ' [ ' And so ain I, my child. The Emperor is a good man, and would do much more for his people would his great and powerful nobles only let him. I wish that the young Englishman, who alone seems to have at tempted the capture of the nssassin, had been equally fortunate with the Czar, but he received a very ugly stab, ,and his prey escaped him. He was borne to his Embassy insensible.' Ada's beautiful face turned . deathly Jpale as her father conluded. 'His' name!' the , asked tremulously. , , . . . .. ' I really do hot know, but he. wore the .uniform of an attache' of the, British Embassy,' replied Mr Bayard. ':.'','? ' Oh, then it ishe4-it is Sir Harry Gordon. I — I knew_ him in England. We.renewed our acquaintanceship. ,last night* ? , He ..was — oh, goodness, who,c'an that be?' { ! Ada'sconcluding remark was cdused'by (novel sound, 'indeed,., at ,the breakfast-, hour) a thundering knock' at the street' door, piying to the window she looked jprth to behold a, sleigh, shaped UKo.a swan,, stand ing out in the snow, and seated therein an ischvostehick or driver, clad in a velvet, caftan trimmed heavily with fur, and wear ing a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat of the shiniest nap . decorated with a velvet band, 'a silver buckle; a bunch- of rosy ribbons, a bouquet of artificial flowers, and a. long peacock's feather. ? - ' She caught sight, too, of a portion of a tall, stalwart figure.draped in a : long loose cloak o£ sables reaching to his gold- spurred heels, standing on the door step, and. while she yet gazed she beared the door opened by the dvornic, or hall porter, and this in dividual ask imperiously for her father. 1 Why it is Prince Golgoroukis' voice,' exclaimed Air Baya'id uueasily. ' Gracious, heavens, what can his mission be !' Scarcnly had the words left his lips when into the room stalked the terrible .head of the Secret Police. He liftd left his cloak of sables in the hall, and. now behold him arrayed- in a tightly-fitting bright «reen uniform, with, heavy bullion epaulettes, a score of medals and orders on his breast, his featherless cocked hat tucked under his arm, and his handsome, though sinister, countenance all wreathed in smiles. ' Don't let me disturb you,' said he. ' Nay, I don't mind- if I sit down and join you in a eup of tea. My dear Bayard, I have to con gratulate you on your beautiful child being the acknowledged belle of the ball, last night.- Why, even the Princess Olga and the Countess Orloff were nowhere.' 'My Prince,' replied Mr Bayard gravely, ' the daughters of England do not like or understand such open praise.'. ? , . ?, 'But the danghters of Russia love.it, for they do mot coquette with truth , at any time ; and knowing that beauty is the gift of God they are rightly proud of it. I am smo buau mj ituuio- awoiav* uuu&o; *o ?* uvi** more Russian than English.' 1 My love is wholly bestowedon England, though my birth may have been in Russia,' replied Ada with a burning blush. ? ' ; ' My child, we . will excuse you,' said Mr Bayard hurriedly. '.No, no, do not let us banish a single gleam, of sunshine this dull wintry weather,' said .tie Prince with a laugh. ' Besides, it is on your beautiful child's account that I have come hither at so early an hour. You reallymust not be selfish over her,' Bayard. When there's only one electric ljght' in a city that in winter time is wrapped in 20 hours'darknesfl outof , the -24,.it .is very ill natured to keep it all to . yourself arid let the general community grope about as it best can by the radiance of tallow dips.' '.Tour Highness, I am really afraid that I completely fail to understand you,' faltered Mr Baynard,. uneasily. ' Well, .well, well, then I will speak plainly. Madame my Princess fell into raptures with your little girl last night, and on my telling her that she had no mother, she exclaimed, 'Then Zwill be a mother to her. Let her father confide her to my keeping, and I will introduce her to the tlite of St. Petersburg society, and find her a husband amongst the greatest . and Madame my Princess, and, beleive me, your lovely daughter is fortunate in so warmly exciting her sympathies.'. 'But I have come out to Russia for the sole purposo af waiting on my father,' said Ada eagerly. - 'Noble daughter 1' retorted the Prince, with rapture, ' But your father is also too. noble to accept such a sublime act of self sacrifice. Youth and beauty do not last for ever, and therefore the offer of Madame my Princess — ' , , . ' We are deeply, deeply grateful for,' said Mr Bayard, interrupting him ; ' But my child is not ambitious, nor am I ambitious for her. I intend almost immediately to. send her back to England, for the Russian climate is too severe for her constitution and during the short time that she remains, believe me, Prince, she would be far happier by her father's side.' ' Oh, but this is insanity, sheer insoitny,' said the Prince, the smiles leaving his face and a portentous frown taking thoir place, ' Why, it is her native air. Let me see : she was born in the Podialskeskaia just after you were naturalised. I remember it well.' ' No, your Highness, before ; the child to whom you refer died of the plague, and was buried in the common pit,' and as ho spoke great beads of perspiration stood on the shipbuilder's brow. ? Ha, ha, ha, Mr Bayard' I believe that I know more about your children that you do. Why,- our pretty Ada here is junior to the little one who died of the plague exactly one ?year and three months. She was born nine months after your natural isation and three years and six days before your poor wife committed selfdestruc tion.' ' Was mnrdered, you mean ; ay, either murdered or spirited away for some vile purpose, for I never have believed, that the headless body taken out of the Neva, was hers, even though it was draped in her clothes, and had her very rings on its fingers.' ' Well, well, my poor Bayard, I am aware that that is a sore subject with you, and I don't wonder at it, for your wife was a beautiful woman, a very beautiful woman. To return to your daughter, however, you will really decline this magnanimous offer of Madame my Princess ?' 'Indeod, but I shall, my gratitude being extreme nevertheless. But I am resolved that my child shall not quit my sight dur ing the short period that she may remain here until the opening of the river naviga tion. She came out unexpectedly, and much agiiinst my will, but whilst she is here, I shall guard her as the apple of my eye.' ' Then my good offices and the kindly in tentions of . Madame my Princess are in vain,' said Prince Golgoroukis, rising to his feet. . ' Well, I will not be cross with you, for few men have such a daughter. Good morninjj, Bavard ; cood morning, little one : why, bless me, how pale and frightened the little chit is ; methinks her Russian birth should have given her courage, ay, and her Russian parentage as well, for I won't allow England one bit of. credit in her produc tion.' ...... ? : ? . And patting her playfully under the chin, with an oily yet sinister chuckle, Prince Golgoroukis strode out of- the room and re do'nned his sables. . ' , ' , ' (To be continued.) Curran being angry, in debate one day, put his hand on his heart, saying, ,' I am theitrusty.'guardian of my honor.' .,' Then,',' replied Roche, 'I congratutate. my -honor-, able' ;friorid on the snug 'sinecure 't to ' which he haa appointed himself,' 