A HAUNITED HOUSE. srTss. a. nALL.. A sTER or more ago, just opposite the house where I was stopping in one of the suburbs of a large city, there was a deseried homestead, with a dingy bill in one window, and the remains of anothdr upon the woodwork df tbe door, con taining tie usiial notice; '; To Let." The house had long been untenanted, and no one seemed to dream that it ever agoin would be cc:upied. Certainly the neighbourhool was most respectable, and in striking contrast with this one unfortunate dwelling. What was the matter ? I often queried withrmyself, as my gaze was powerfully attracted to the place, not because I ever saw anypprson venture within its mystic walls, but in the isnccenctO of childhood, a meirylittle grodp, small specimens of httiianity in dirt and rags, had singled odt this deserted spot as a special sit: in which to exhibit their works of art, laying a claim to at least the out side as their inviolable possession, as with pieces of chalk or slate;.they sciatched ihoet nciouth figures ipoii th i dooieo, ainl been tis high iis they could reach upon the lintels, while, with mud from the gutter, they made dirt pies, leaving the remnants to accumulate upon the dingysill, and, as boys, who were among them, always do-that large company of rebels-sent a plentiful supply of stones through the Fashes; admitting tiniid rays of siinshine that hlil loiig been d fied en trance thrdugh thl d;sty and begrimed panes: But I am digressing, though giving Sou but tihe outcome of my sight- seeing, as I so often sat at my window and mused upon it all, longing with an intense desire, as a true descendant of Eve, to know somewhat of the history of that ill-fated building that had come to be so shunned and left, so far as occupation went, to its strange destiny. It is easy to colour such a life as mine was here with a tinge of romance, even though I had always lived in the city, where so many strange things occur, and where nothing is apt to strike one as unusual. There cas a particular romance to me abohrt this country house-- I must know more! lost hrow Not a soul could gratify my steadily growing curiosity. No one knew aught but that some indefinablt mystery rested over its portals, andi like the plague, in was most persistently shunned. I often thought it had the look of a house well riddled by the lawyers, or even at sometime hbad been the abode of ghosts -for they always seem to make choice of the most out of the way and uncomfortable habitations, those "apostles of spectres.," who often bring scandal upon the world of spirits themselves. But t'.ere is surely an unslumbering Provi dence that sometimes rewards nven the inquisi tive, and I was destined at length to hbe grati. fled. It happewr d on this wise : one esening on a visit of the old rector to our house, ihen all other fural topics rere exhausted, the rickety house aciross the way came into the line of thought. Thero Are times, when " naught is everything, and everything is naught," but here was a real, substantial explanation which is too good to be lost. "I was sent for one night," Irhe said, "by the inmates of that house, Stanley Range, as it was called in the neigbonrhood, where I found Mrs. Stailey anrd her daughter, Beatjice, in a very unusual state of excitement and toisttees. " ' Oh; doctor !' Mrs. Stanley said, as Eson as lcentered, ' we have suffered so from a fright ful visitation in the night ! ' She turned visibly cold: as she spoke. ' It was last Wednesday, twro wreeks, tlhat I woke up in the middle of the night, orrather, near morning, just as it was getting light, and I saw-' ' She.choked, and stopped. - ' Well,' said I, 'what did you sod' - S"' Just at the bottom of -my bed, such a hideous face, all the while:making grimaces at me.' SA face ?' I enquired. ' ' Yes, a veritable fade! ' " ' What did you have foi supper madam ?' I asked. "i' Oh ! it wasn't nightmare,doctor. If you believe so, you were never more mistaken in yourlifti IRealityis not nightmare. Five times I have seen that ghastly face already. It comes in all sorts of shapes. Sometimes in the from of an old woman, sometimes like a small child, and then like a big black ram, otrutting on his hind legs; and with a pair of oyes like the face of the evil one, as I coaldl imagine it.' ' Do you ever hear this uppatition come and go I inquired. " .` No; but whatever time I wake I find it there, and there is never ft doot or window that I knows to be open.' " ' Have you tohl your daughter I' " ' For many nights I kept it from her. She is nervous you know, at best.' 'Yes, madam, our nerves play sad Iavo0 with us at all times,' I said. "I was, indeed, inclined to make light of the whole thing, until Mrs, Stanlcy'n-silvered head was bowed on the mantel, where she wept like a child, and even then, this seemed but the effect of extreme nervousness to me. - " As I look back, now, however, I think no martyr ever tried to be more courageous than this timid trermbling woman, a prey to so many fears. Old age seas creeping on, her small stock of streonth dirminishins, and the little spirit she naturally posec-s essod failing now. Alone she had borne the terror, that Beatrice should not sufi?r as she had done, but one morning the girl accidentally saw the S2nmo sight, which burned in upon hier brain like a hot iron. She was a girl of pluck, though, when pluck was needed, anui with pokerand shovel started in quick pur suit, as she thought she saw the object tioving ildistinctly in the grey dawn i but the head nodded and disalrppared, and she went hack to bed again, believing it to be only an optical illu sion, and as youth is very apt to do, slept soundly once more. " This went on for a couple of weeks, with only one or two intervals, the tiling, whatever it was, never harming thbem, nor was it known to speak buit once i 'I J ois to look at your pretty face.' This was all it ever said. Was it Rea trice it meant ? She was now not more than eighteen years of age, with soft, fair hair, reT fined, delicate features, and graceful figure ; she was singularly attractive to everybdtty. " What were they to do ? A?gain and again she begged her mother to leave tho house. But whcre shoulrd they go! With a small income lthey could nrot do as they would, and thley hd no altoernatire but to stay, and, if I:ossible, li-e tie terrdor down. l "Baut thcrij me an hour of exsplalnaion, and this was stranger than all the nightly visits of the ghostly intruder. " leeting Mrs. Stanley and Beatrice on the corner of the street, a few nichlts after, I walked rlown town:rd th market, anrld thlere, at thedoor of a blacksmith's shop jt?t oppo-ite, stood a Ialf-witteI rillt in wortking altirei weak-kneed and brawny, whose way seemed to have been through thie wirl rlacesof low life. "' See, see !l' Mrs. St.,nidy whisipered ex citedly. 'Tue Very face of our nightlly visitor !i look whart a srunted figure, hidseous face. anrd what dingy hands! There Can be no mistake, it is he.' " ' (o' I said to her;l ' that half-witted idiot!? Whry, hre's th h b!lacksith's nson. Yn0 must be mistaken. What could Ire be doing in your house, or hIrow did hIe get in ?' '"I sp3ke to him as I came up. With silly cunning he told me that it sas t cory place, and hIre could look at the young laly as much as he lik-d, and when he swas hIpngry hr could get a bite down below; hut he would not reveal to me tlhe manner of his entrance. "After awhile, however, t'ere came circum stantial evidence to Ir oe that hire gained admit tancee through a small trap door eIcadinog from the cellar, quite hIidrien from sirht. Tlhre, night after night, he came anI lyine down on the ground, pushed himself through thie small open ing. This could only h:voe reen done when the fuel was low, whbirh happened to be the case at this time. Thire door was nailed up without de lay, you may be sure, and henceforth the slun. berers w-ere left unlisturbed." Thie old re:tor was relieved as muobrh as they he confessed, while he peaised the eourige and fr,rtitui to of both Sirs. Stanley and Bl:,tricu, -leo, thoigh in her teens, Lhadreaily grown old in the contest. " No wonder that thie il-io, Jo;se, had become crazed over hrr youthfulcharms in his adiirinu gaze and disappointed hope," our informant said as he finished. "'Bnt he haslona aso gone to a world whrere the weank and cbe strong ore neither neglected nor forgotten." "And whsst of thie former occupants of the old house ?" we o'rndl in a breath. He eo Id not tell us, except the rmoor that Ide. Stanley, at an advanceer ge, woo livins in the far West withi her daughlter, who hard mar ried, eome years ago, a walllhy lawyer there. The tale of the past, no doulrt, by them had long been forgotten, but for us who dwelt near the spot it had loft its inmpres ; and the nman sion, if not in reality a- haunted house, seemed to be a very ill-fated one. D.tAnROUS.-A physician asserts that there are many young ladiles wiho use belladonna to give brilliancy to their eyes, and that it is a curious fact that more ladies use it who have lighteyen than thoce whobpos-ess dark ones. It is hardily necessary to staife that the practies is a most injurious one. It not only caonuses par tial blindness, but abho affects tle nerves of the face, which produce a muscular contraction, 