TALE. In a Cleft Stick. A lonely hamlet in the depths of a Mo- ravian pine forest. It consists of but five low cottages, built of rough stones and thatched with straw. For light the peasants burn pine logs upon the hearth. The flick- ering gleam of their red flames shines through the small windows and is lost in the gloom of the forest. The summer night is dark with clouds, and the moon has not yet risen. The wind soughs softly over the tops of the vines, otherwise all around reigns the completest stillness. In a small room in one of the cottages five men sit around a rough table playing cards by the light of the pine logs and smoking short wooden pipes. They are, all of them, of middle age, between forty and fifty, browned with the sun and the wind. Their beardless faces are covered with wrinkles, and their bristling hair is cut short. They wear roughly-knitted, home-made jerseys, and are barefooted. In a corneer of the room a woman sits on a wide bed, rocking with her foot a cradle in which a baby as asleep. Two bigger children sleep on the bed behind her. The woman has a rosary in her hands and is telling her beads. The men do not tpeak, except when, the game requires it. They are playing for marks only which they make with a piece of chalk upon the table. The monotonous amusement lasts an hour or two. Meanwhile, the woman has laid herself down on the bed and gone to sleep. At length the old, smoke-stained wooden clock strikes eleven with a dull sound, re- sembling that of a cracked glass. As if at a word of command the men rise at once from the bench, and shuffle softly from the The last of them, a man of middle height, who limps on one foot, carefully puts out the fire. This is the owner of the cottage, Scokan. Outside his companions waited in the yard. One of them had in his hand four rods, each about three yards long, bent in the form of a bow, and a pole. All wore some- thing fastened at their sides which looked like a bag. When Scokan had taken from under the eaves a little, roundish bundle of rods and another long pole, he also fastened a bag at his side. That done, he whistled to a small dog to come out of his kennel, and then, they all left the yard together Scokan closing the gate carefully, so that the dog should not get out. Leaving the road at once, they entered under the dark vault of the branches of the great pine trees. Not a word was spoken among them. For half an hour they passed on, following Scokan, sometimes through the the thick woods, sometimes through new plantations, where the branches of the young trees beat roughly against their faces. At last they came to a little brook that wound its way through the thickets. There Scokan stopped. 'Mates,' he said in a low voice, 'we will stop here and rest, so that we shall not go heated into the water.' They all sat down on the spongy moss, un- able to see one another in the dark. 'Listen, mates,' went on Scokan. 'I have heard a report. You know, mates, that we have worked together these twelve years, and up to now they have not caught any of us. But yesterday evening I heard some- thing.' 'What then?' asked two voices. The third man was silent. 'You know Frantishka, who was my wife's friend, is in service with the bailiff.' 'Ay, what then?' assented again the two voices. 'Yesterday my wife went with her to ves- pers, and Frantishka told her that they say that we ought to keep an eye on you, Zinka. They say that yesterday morning you were talking for a long time with the bailiff and the forester at the office.' The man who had hitherto kept silence, answered quickly, 'I went to the office to pay the rent.' 'But Frantiehka says that you were there a long time.' 'Scokan, you are not fooled by a woman's chatter,' answered the man who was ad- dressed. 'All these years we have worked together you have never doubted me. The forester was there only by chance.' 'Well, mate, I did think it was just woman chatter,' agreed Scokan. 'I don't believe it.' 'Nor I,' said the other two. 'I have only told you, mates, that there was something said,' replied Scokan easily. 'Now we are cool, let us go down to the mere. We can jump the stream easily just below here.' The men were poachers, and to-night were going to catch carp in one of the Count's meres. They had been thither often enough before, they and the villagers, too. For they all poached—in winter, game, and in the summer, carp; stealing out at night when the moon rose late, from their quiet cottages in the lonely woods, to return at dawn, soak- ing wet, and numbled with cold; bent some times with the weight of the carp in the bags on their backs, and sometimes with the pain of a gunshot, and sometimes leaving be- hind them on the forest paths drops of blood to mark their steps. Now and again a man never came home at all. Many of them had no occasion to poach. They could live well enough on the product of their fields and meadows. But the poach- ing was a passion with them. Of them all, the most daring and the most experienced was the limping Scokan. What a number of carp that man had taken home from the Count's fish ponds for his children to eat! His wife also secretly took the fish round for sale. The neighbouring country priests bought them for Friday, the schoolmasters, and sometimes the gentlefolks in the neigh- bouring towns. By means of this trade with the Count's carp, Scokan and his companions were piling up a nice little heap of florins. The highest ambition of the Count's game keepers was to catch Scokan in the act. But all their ingenuity had been hitherto in vain. He always got away. The poachers rose and groped through the dark to the edge of the stream. They knew the place well. Three of them had already jumped the brook. Only Zinka remained. Then he jumped, too but, alighting on his right foot, gave a sudden shriek of pain. The same instant he checked himself and was silent. 'What's happened, Zinka?' asked Scokan quickly. 'I jumped on the stump of a tree, and have hurt my foot.' In fact, he had jumped barefooted on the stump of a young pine, which had been sawn half through and broken off. A sharp splin- ter stood up like a finger, and had pierced the sole of his foot. 'It pains me fearfully,' moaned Zinka. One of the poachers tore off a strip about four inches wide from the edge of his bag and gave it to Zinka, who bound his wound with it, and having picked up his rods, limped after his mates. 'My wound will get washed in the water, and after a few days it will be quite well,' he comforted himself, bearing the keen pain with the quiet philosophy of a rough nature, not a little assisted by the fact that he had something heavier than the pain weighing upon his mind. Already he had set down his wound as a judgment come upon him for the treachery of which he had been guilty against his mates. For he was lead- ing his friends, with whom he had poached ever since he was a lad, and more particu- larly his old, faithful, true mate Scokan into a trap which the Count's game-keepers had set. Only the day before the Count's bailiff had sent for to come to the office, and there had said to him dryly and shortly: 'Zinka, all the world knows that you poach with Scokan. Now, if you will not tell us when where Scokan goes for the fish, so that we can take him in the act, understand this— the time is coming round for the conscrip- tion. Your only son will have to stand, and we will have him enlisted, without any chance of his getting off. You will not see him, Zinka, for fourteen years—perhaps never again.' The bailiff's threat struck Zinka dumb. 'Now, if you will tell us,' continued the bailiff, 'when and where that old rogue goes poaching, and we catch him, I will get your son off from the conscription for- ever.' Zinka, and his wife had no child except Tomash. Dearly they loved him, and often they talked to each other how they would give him a cottage and marry him, and reckoned up whether they had put by money enough. Already they had their eyes on several peasants' smart young daughters who would do for him. But the conscription! Fourteen years in the army! Zinka knew very well that he had been for some time in evil odour with the bailiff for his poaching, and that it was out of revenge that the bailiff would get Tomash enlisted. Well, he could save Tomash. But he must betray his old and faithful mate. To steal carp out of the Count's mere—in that Zinka saw no harm at all. But to betray his mate, who helped him to steal the carp, that seemed to Zinka the vilest baseness and degradation. The conflict in the poachers soul was fierce. Against his friendship for Scokan, his instincts of a father battled hard, tell- ing him that his first duty was to his own flesh and blood. But for all that he hesi- tated. The bailiff saw it, and began to de- scribe to him the hardships and miseries of the fourteen years' military service. 'For the smallest neglect,' said the bailiff, 'a soldier has to run the gauntlet, to be wounded with swords in the sides and the back until his steps are printed in blood!' And of course the soldier might come home a cripple, with only one foot, or without a hand. 'Your honour,' broke in the voice of poor terrified Zinka, 'the Lord's will must be done. This is a mean shameful deed. I know it. But I will do this to save my son. It would be the death of his mother if they took him away.' 'The bailiff smiled quietly, patted the poacher on the shoulder, and said, 'You are a good and worthy tenant of his lordship's to give information against these people who rob him. Now tell me when and where will Scokan be going for the fish?' 'Your Honour, to-morrow at midnight we are going down to the big mere,' replied the poacher, in a trembling voice. He felt at that moment as if his heart was being crushed in a vice. 'Good. The forester will attend to it. If Scokan is caught they will let you go. And,' he added, 'they will know Scokan by his limp.' Then he changed his threatening tone for a pleasant one, and set the poacher at his ease, saying: 'We will get your son put down on the list as being short- sighted, and he will be clear of the conscrip- tion for ever.' Zinka thanked him for his kindness. He had still to explain which way the poachers would approach the mere. After that the bailiff let him go. On his way home Zinka was very unhappy about having betrayed his mate, but he did his best to comfort himself with the assurance that what he had done was his duty to his son. But not a word did he say about what had passed, neither to his son nor to his wife. And now he was on his way to the mere with his mates, with Scokan, who had been warned against him, but who nevertheless, believing in his previous fidelity, had given the warn- ing no credence. His other mates trusted him, too, Novak and Jarosh. Zinka was sure of it, and it pained him the more that he betrayed them. They were making their way now through the thickets downward from the high ground. A few hundred steps and they were on the edge of the wood. A narrow ribbon of mea- dow lay before them, and beyond it, sur- rounded with rushes and reeds, the black sur- face of the wide mere; black because the sky was strewn with thick clouds, through which the rays of the moon, which had just risen, glimmered only now and then for a moment. Two of the poachers undid the bundle of rods which they had brought, bound them in pairs in the form of a cross, and fastened upon their ends strong nets which they took out of their bags. The nets thus constructed they fastened to the ends of the two poles. A few words spoken softly, and then they silently took different ways to the different parts of the mere. The mere, lying in a hollow, was in the form of an acute-angled triangle, whose sharpest angle pointed toward the west. The dam at the other end lay toward the east. The poachers came out of the wood directly against the apex of the triangle. Scokan limped along the nortnern side, and with him Jarosh with the net. On the southern side were Zinka and Novak. They all looked for the places where the openings in the bushes offered a path into the water. Three of the poachers had no suspicion that at that moment in the thick, leafy branches of the alders, that stood dark around the borders of the pool, and in the shadows of the tan- gled willows, were hidden the Count's game- keepers and woodmen. Only Zinka knew that and sorely the upbraidings of his con- science tormented him. For a moment he thought that he might take his mates away from the danger, but then he remembered with a shudder the fourteen years' military service and the lost arms and legs. When he reached the pond, the chill of the water was comfort- ing to his fevered blood. Only fifteen steps from the rushes the water was clear, where the carp come to feed in the night. There the poachers let down their nets, in which, when they were, after a short time, lifted from the water, there were always several large fish. Zinka's hand trembled as he lifted the slip- pery carp out of the net and put them into his bag. Every instant he expected that the game-keepers and woodmen hiding themselves amid the alders would present themselves be- fore his eyes. Novak's face brightened with pleasure at the size of the fish. Scokan and Jarosh were fortunate, too. On both sides of the water the carp were travelling rapidly out of the mere of their lord and master, the Count, into the bags of the poachers. In the valley round the mere not a sound of living thing was audible; only the reeds bent by the wind rustled together, as did the dark leaves of the alders and the tangled branches of the willows bending down over the rushes; and at a little distance the ceaseless whisper- ing of the pine forest was audible. The dark- ness was intense. But the quick eyes of the poachers, accustomed to the gloom, and prac- tised to recognize objects in the darkness, cautiously stole around, even at the busiest moments of their labour, spying keenly, and seconded by sharp hearing, to observe the ap- proach of any danger. Suddenly the hoot of an owl sounded through the silence of the night. It floated over to Zinka and Novak from the north. Both of them instantly, as if they had been struck by a shot from an in- visible weapon, dropped their fish, stooped down to their necks in the water, and hid themselves against the high reeds. A short time, and again the hoot was repeated. Novak, crouched against the reeds, softly and silently drew the net to himself, cut off the net from the rods with a knife, and twisted it around his neck. Then he softly let the rods and pole go in the water. He knew that the hoot of the owl had really come from Scokan, who, in a dim shimmer of the moon's rays peeping for a moment through the torn clouds had seen with his quick eye a gun-barrel glisten among the brances of the alders. In an instant he had guessed that the mere was surrounded, and had given the owl's hoot as a warning sign to his companions to take flight. Crouched against the high reeds, the poachers could not now see what was being done around the mere. They could not see the game-keepers creeping out of the thick bushes on both sides, near the apex of the mere, nor how they came along the banks in order to cut off the retreat to the woods. The forester and the game-keepers, in the hands of one of whom the long gun had glis- tened, waited breathlessly to hear the water splash somewhere in the pool. They had re- cognized the owl's hoot as an imitation and knew that that was a sign for flight among the poachers, whom they had seen arrive and wade into the pool. The one of them who recognized the limping Scokan had permission from the forester to shoot at him. At the others they were not to shoot under any cir- cumstances. The poachers, guessing that the game- keepers would wait for them near the upper part of the pool, crouching down their neeks in the water, waded cautiously along by the reeds in an eastward direction, downward to- ward the dam, in hope of getting out of the mere and taking flight to the wood. Saving their bags filled with carp was not to be thought of. They let them go in the water, and the carp struggled and wriggled in the bags until they succeeded at last in get- ting out the same way they went in. Softly and cautiously the poachers crept along through the water, so as not to disturb it, lest they should be betrayed by the splash- ing. Scokan and Jarosh, having waded first of all about a thousand steps by the side of the rushes, crept out afterward into the deep. There, hidden by the darkness and by the mist which rose from the mere, they swam silently straight forward in the dark, where it was impossible for any human eye to descry them from the bank, downward toward the dam. When they reached it they crept in among the alders, pushed their way through them to the top of the dam, crossed it on all fours, and slipped down into the thicket be- hind where they were safe. They were not together. Neither knew anything of the other. Scokan, with his lame leg, had got behind in swimming. At that moment the wind for an instant cleared the clouds from the sky around the moon, and the moon, a few days past the full, shone out clearly over the mere and the wide woods. On the southern side of the mere, about half way to the dam, Novak crept out of the rushes, leaped up on the bank, and like a frightened stag shot with monster strides across the meadow into the woods and disap- peared. The game- keepers saw him plainly, but it was impossible to catch him. Zinka, too, had crept far from the place where they had caught the carp, and waited for the clouds to cover the moon to take a similar flight to the woods. He was greatly distressed, both with anxiety about his com- panions and with the pain that his wound gave him. The bandage had slipped off it, and the sand and the mud had got in. His foot had swollen considerably, and pained him so cruelly that more than once he was near swoon- ing. He wetted his face with cold water to keep away the sensation of faintness. Mean- while he awaited momentarily, with a feverish terror, the report of a gun, which would bring down one of his mates either to the earth or to the depths of the mere. Crouched up to his neck in the water against the lofty reeds, he folded his hands, swollen with the cold water and looking up into the sky, in which the black clouds hurried in dark flight from west to east, prayed with a wild fervor, 'O God, give my mates a chance of getting away safely!' Once more tho heavy clouds veiled the scene in impenetrable darkness. Zinka raised himself. But scarcely had he got upon his feet when he became aware of a pain which seemed to mount from his wound to his head It was impossible to tread upon that foot. But fly he must. The gamekeepers would let him go if he cried out, but that he dared not do, lest his mates should know that he had betrayed them. Anxious to avail himself of the momentary gloom, he waded cautiously out of the water and the thick, sticky mud, and, parting with his hands the rustling weeds, emerged at length on the high bank and, limping, made his way with long springs towards the woods. Suddenly again the clouds broke. The moon shone out in all her brightness, lighting the mysterious dim woods, and gleaming in silver threads upon the mere, rippling be- neath the wind. The sudden brightnes filled the flying poacher with alarm. With a great effort he hastened with all his strength his halting steps. At that moment a red light gleamed in his eyes. In the quiet of the night the report of a gun rang out startlingly, and rolled on, repeated by the echoes of the wood till it finally died away. The moment after the shot Zinka stumbled as if struck by light- ing. In the light of the moon his form stood out black against the gray meadow close by a thicket. Several times he mastered himself by an effort, but at last rolled over, as a stifled groan broke from his lips pressed against the damp moss. Then everything was quiet and the dark body lay still. Near the place whence the shot was fired a short whistle sounded and that was answered from the other side of the mere. It was the sign of the game-keepers that their hunt was ended. 'That limping beast will give us no more trouble.' 'Scokan?' asked one. 'He rolled over; didn't you see?' 'At last!' said another. None of them went near the wounded man lest he should recognize them, and give evidence against them, or, more likely, try to revenge himself. Leaving the mere, they took their way home through the dark woods. The report of the gun made the three poachers hidden in the thicket start. All of them knew that one of their companions had been shot at. Scokan and Jarosh, hid- den under the dam, knew that the shot must have been fired at Zinka or Novak. Novak being nearer, was sure that it was fired at Zinka. Nearly an hour passed. Novak listened anxiously to assure himself that the game- keepers had really gone, and hearing nothing more of them ventured at last out of the thicket. He was soaked to the skin and was shivering with fear and cold. Cautiously he looked around the meadow and suddenly stopped, rooted to the ground with horror. About forty steps off a man with uncovered head sat in the moonlight near a thicket. He was pressing both hands to his face, and moaning as he rocked himself from right to left. 'O my God, my God!' Then he fell flat on his back and his hands dropped power- less at his sides. The moonlight shone out more clearly and Novak recognized Zinka. A few steps, with- out considering whether he was in danger or not, and he knelt on the grass by his side. In a stifled voice Zinka was whispering to him- self. 'Jesus, Maria, Joseph!' that cry of the peasant in his moments of agony. Suddenly Novak remembered his wonted caution of a poacher. Quickly passing his left arm beneath Zinka's knees and his right around his shoulders, he lifted him and ran with him to the woods. There he laid him down again upon the moss and asked him: 'Were are you wounded? 'On the right side, in the ribs,' whispered Zinka, and added. 'Nothing has happened to the rest of you, please God?' After a time he whispered, pressing his hand to his breast: 'I shan't live; they have settled me.' Novak put thick, swollen hands to his lips and imitated the cry of an owl, 'Tu-whoo, tu-whoo!' Bending down again over the wounded man he took out of his pocket a well- corked bottle opened it, and said: 'Taste a little powder, mate. It will drive away the sting.' Zinka took the bottle in his weak left hand lifted it to his mouth and poured on his tongue a few grains of gunpowder, rolled them in his mouth, for a few moments and then swallowed them. That is with the Bo- hemian poachers a favourite preventive against the evil consequences of a wound. 'It is no good,' whispered Zinka. With a sad smile he went on: 'The shot has gone into my lungs.' And, as he spoke, he coughed and the blood ran out of his mouth. Again Novak imitated the hoot of an owl, and this time the cry was answered from a short distance. The boughs of the pines rustled and presently Scokan appeared, pushing his way through the underwood. 'Zinka has received the whole charge in his lungs,' Novak whispered into Scokan's ear. 'It seems to me they have finished him.' Scokan bent over Zinka, saying: 'It's I, mate, Scokan.' 'Zinka, feeling with his left hand in the dark, touched Scokan's face. It was the touch of a hand of ice, and he spoke disjointedly. 'Mate—you're alive—please God—forgive —for Tommy's sake only child—fourteen year —the gauntlet—' He could say no more. There was a dull rattling sound in his throat. Scokan could find no meaning in his words. Leaning to- ward Novak, he whispered. 'He does not know what he is saying; he is delirious. Spread out the nets and we will take him home.' They spread out the nets, taking them from their necks and laying them out one above the other on the grass. Opening them to to half their breadth they laid the helpless Zinka in them, lifted up the ends of the nets and proceeded into the depth of the wood. There they found a narrow path which wound like a snake. Many a time had they taken their way along it, bending under the weight of the fish they had stolen. Five times they had led, or carried, home a wounded comrade. Zinka half lay and half sat in the net. Now and then he sighed, and the rattling sound was audible in his throat. They proceeded thus for half an hour through the thickest part of the wood, where the rays of the moon where unable to pierce the branches, though she shone now brightly. Presently, again, Zinka began to murmur some unintelligible words. 'Keep quiet, mate,' said Scokan. 'You'll be all right presently.' It seemed that Zinka heard, for he re- mained still. The poachers hastened as much as they could. At last a light appeared before them, and after a little while they were on the edge of the wood. The moon shone down clearly with her soft light, the wind had dropped and the sky was cloudless. Where the path joined the road they laid down their burden on the soft, fresh grass moistened with dew. The moonlight fell straight on Zinka's face. It was as white as linen. A face carved in ivory might have looked so. With a sudden start Scokan put his hand to the pale cheek. It was cold as ice, stiff and stark. In the glassy eye, that seemed to start from its socket, the dim moon light reflected itself glitteringly. 'Jesus, Maria!' it's all up with him,' ex- claimed Scokan. Starting up, Novak caught his hair with both his hands, as if he would with a single wrench tear it from his skull. 'The woman and the lad will go mad,' said Novak. He was silent for a moment and then asked, more as if speaking to him- self than to his mate, 'But how did the game- keepers guess that we were going to-night—' He stopped, and continued, in a cautions voice, almost as if he feared lest the dead man should hear his words: 'Scokan, what Fran- tishka said was true then.' 'I thought of that, mate, too, but—God knows,' said Scokan, as if loth to judge the dead man. 'You are the stronger,' said Scokan, 'carry him home. 'Tis not far. I will go in front and tell his wife that there has been an accident.' He rose from the ground as he spoke and limped away. Novak drew together the four corners of the net with both his hands, knelt down by the corpse, and then, turning away from it, drew it up upon his back, rose, balanced himself, and proceeded with his burden along the lane. On his right the head and one hand of the dead man hung out of the net. On the other side jogged a wet, naked foot. And at the same time, in the dim depths of the wood, sounded the melodious song of the thrush welcoming the approach- ing dawn. He was soon in sight of the cottages. Al- ready a fire had been lighted in one of them. Toward that he directed his steps. Some dogs, barking wildly, ran out to meet him, then, recognising him, were silent and sniffed at his burden. From the cottage Scokan came out to meet him, and they both of them took the dead man in their arms. 'They think he is only wounded,' whis- pered Scokan hurriedly. A woman half-dressed, barefooted and with her hair in wild disorder, followed almost at Scokan's heels. It was Zinka's wife. She had her son with her, and from the lips of both of them broke the wild, heart-piercing peasant cry, 'Jesus, Maria, Joseph!' The wailing son helped the poachers to carry his father. 'I always told him it would end like this one day,' said the woman. And calling him 'Joseph, Joseph!' she put down her hand to his face. In an instant she drew it back. 'The five wounds of the Lord Christ! he is as cold as ice!' The poachers carried their mate into the little room, where the flickering, restless flame of the resinous pine danced on the hearth. They laid him on a bed. A single look at the glassy eyes, in which now the red flame of the pine wood pictured itself, sparkling and glistening, as the moonlight had done in the road, and woman and boy as if a flash of lighting had struck them to the earth, fell on their knees beside the bed; in wild, harsh tones, shrieking, rather than crying, 'Jesus, Maria! Jesus, Maria!' Then a wailing without words, broken and pierc- ing, filled the little chamber. The two poachers stood by the hearth looking now at their dead companion, now at the weeping wife, now at the sobbing son. The same gloomy thought haunted them both. Perhaps some dark night their end would be the same. The minutes passed. The gray light crept into the room, Scokan turned his face toward the hearth, and looked thoughtfully at the sinking flames. Then he put on another pine log. The fire took fresh life and burned up again. Again the dogs barked. Slow steps came across the yard, and Jarosh walked into the room. Unable to find his mates, he had returned home, and seeing the light, had come to Zinka's cottage. The woman and the youth did not notice him. With a few signs and half a dozen words his mates enlightened him as to what had happened. Then for a while they took counsel softly. After that Novak and Jarosh went away. Scokan sat down on the bencli by the hearth. The pine-log flames flickering rest- lessly, flared up and fell, and in their shift- ing light it seemed to Scokan that the face of the dead man smiled codly, and then again was contorted with pain. In half an hour Jarosh returned, having changed his clothes. He sat down in Scokans place by the hearth. Scokan limped home. The eastern sky was coloured with the red light of dawn. Jarosh, sitting down at the hearth, took a coal, with which he lighted the tobacco in his short wooden pipe and smoked, gazing pensively at the blue clouds which he blew from his lips. The wife and boy had wept all the tears out of their weary eyes, but they were still crouched by the bed, sobbing plaintively. Little suspicion had the son that he was the occasion of his father's death! In an hour or so it was known in all the cottages that Zinka was dead; shot, it was whispered. And the women said: 'That's how my man will end one of these days. I'm always tell- ing him so.' The bailiff was in his office engaged in looking over his accounts when the forester came in with the news. 'Well, we've got rid at last of that limp- ing, poaching beast, Scokan. One of the game-keepers finished him off with a shot.' 'Then Zinka did not deceive us,' said the bailiff, coolly. 'We will save his son from being enlisted.' The subject soon dropped and they talked of something else. Presently some one came in at the door, and they turned to see who it was. Pale as ghosts the bailiff and the forester stood staring as if they had baen turned to stone. On the other side of the table at which the rents were paid, putting down his silver florins, stood—Scokan. The cunning old fox, in order to give an impression that he had no knowledge at all of what had taken place the previous night, had limped up coolly and humbly to pay his rent. His experienced eye saw that there was something amiss, but he had no sus- picion of the truth. For a moment the bailiff and the forester believed they saw a ghost. 'I humbly kiss your honour's hand,' he said, bending his back in an awkward bow. 'I came to pay the rent and the tax,' and turning his rough hat in his hands he looked down at the floor. The bailiff wrote the receipt in his book, Scokan, carefully placing it in the pocket of his shabby, knitted jersey, once more bowed, and repeating, 'I kiss your honour's hands,' left, the office. The bailiff turned to the forester. 'The cursed thief!' said the latter, 'I my self saw him fall when the man shot at him. He must have thrown himself down on pur- pose to make us think that we had hit him. We'll have him some day.' Later in the day the county doctor came in. He had been sent for, he said, to see the dead body of Joseph Zinka, a peasant, who had died of a gunshot the previous night. He had his foot wounded, ap- parently from having trodden on something sharp. The bailiff and the forester exchanged a glance. 'He is no great loss,' said the forester when the Doctor was gone. 'A thief and a poacher.' As the Doctor had been called in, a sort of inquest was set on foot. The bailiff was foremost in it, and that very day went down to question Zinka's wife, but could ascertain nothing except that Zinka had come home in the night, from somewhere, wounded, and had soon afterward died. And that was all that ever came out. On the fourth day the man was buried, and the reports of the inves- tigation lie somewhere covered with dust and mould. Zinka, however, had saved his son. The lad was now his mother's only support, and so exempt. He kept away from poaching, too, warned by his father's death. Scokan, Novak and Jarosh, shocked by the fate of their mate, abstained for a few weeks from the Count's fish-ponds. But the im- pression of the grizzly adventure gradually became weaker, and after a time their old passion for poaching gained the victory, and they went back to the mere just as if nothing had happened. Two years after Scokan disappeared. In the autumn a fleshless skeleton was found at the bottom of one of the big meres, and it was generally supposed to be the remains of the limping poacher. Novak and Jarosh knew that it was so They had seen the shot fired at Scokan stand- ing up to his armpits in the water. The two poachers, when they were old, were rheumatic, the consequence of the frequent wading at night in the icy meres and the wandering home in wet clothes through the freezing morning mists to their distant homes. Bent double and scarcely able to move their joints, the old sinners, unable any longer to poach on a large scale, would betake them- selves to the neighbouring streams and catch small fish with a rod, and meanwhile narrate to each other the great catches of the days of their youth. Sitting on the bank under the shadow of the willows, watching with their dim eyes the float dancing in the water, they talked of their former mates who were gone under 'there.' They re- minded each other of how they had come to go 'there,' but if ever Zinka and his fate came into their memories they shook their heads, remarking that 'there was some hitch in it that time.' —The Cornhill Magazine. 