THE VICTOKIAN FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION. The annual meeting of the Victorian Foot ball Association was held on Tuesday, April 16, at Messrs. Yonng and Jackson's, Mr. A. Evans in the chair. ELECTION OF OFFICE-BEABEBS. The election of office-bearers resulted as followsPresident, Mr. Frank Grey Smith (unopposed); honorary secretary, Mr. A. Stooke (unopposed); honorary treasurer, Mr. T. S. Marshall (unopposed); vice-presidents, Messrs. A. G. Major ana A. \V. Best M.L.A. AKHVAL BEPOET. Mr. T. S. Marshall, honorary secretary ot the association, submitted his annual report, which was adopted, as follows In accordance with the rales of our constitution, I have much pleasure iu submitting1 the secretary'# report tor 1888-9. In doing eo last year I congratulated the associ ation on the faot that not one case of misconduot on the part of players had been reported to us. Unfor tunately the put gcMon told a different tale, as many nights were taken up investigating charges laid against players for rough play or unseemly conduct while on the field. Although, In one or two cases, the charges laid were deemed to be frivolous, still, it cannot be denial that in others the evidence dis closed the fact that there ore certain men play ing our game whose absence from the field would be no great loss. Individual players, however, are scarcely so much to blame, when we consider that some teams enter the field with no shadow of friendly feeling towards their antaronists, the re sult being thit our game is brought into disrepute by the unduly rough play and nastgr spirit dis played. Committees of clubs are. In my opinion, fre quently muoh to blame for this outoome, as I have heard remarks made In their exoltament about op ; posing clubs and players by committee men that cer tainly ware not conducive to a continuation of friendly mtitfhT. I think committees oan and should do a great deal in promoting a more friendly feeling between dubs, by excluding from their ranks any player calculated to bring their oluh into disrepute, by extending to visiting players and committees a certain amount of courtesy, and fay expressing their opinions ot umpires and opposing players in a less boisterous and open fashion. Oommlttees must not usurp the prerogative of the genus "banaoker," and rob htm ot toe delightful privilege of abusing umpires and players to the top of his bent I do not, for one moment, say that all olubs or committeemen should be Included in this category, but I am sure it will be admitted that many of you have had experlenoes ot this kind. The play during the past season has been, on the whole, ot an increasingly satisfactory nature. The matches were, in many instances, very exciting; the end ot the term finding South Melbourne premiers for 1868. Their play during the entire season was, with one exception, most consistent, and, from first to last, was of such an exemplary character that young and. ambitious clubs would do well to take a lesson in dlsciplino from last season's premiers. Geelong, as they always do, played a most meri torious game, while Williamstown obtained third place. The season was notable for the reversal ot form on the part of Orlton, who, previous to their trip to Tasmania, played in such a style as to lead thelrsupportersto expect them to land the premiership, but the 1887 premiers wofully fell away on their re turn from that too hospitable island. Essendon. on the other hand, trained increased ttrentrth and form by their visit to Adelaide, opposltes which I daro not attempt to reconcile. I do not think I need particularise every team, but as showing the lucontlstenoics ot somo of our dubs, I would like t9 say that South Melbourne was only tartM twto» Mid that by Biohmond and Kortfe W^ac 00 toe nwrt Suwdir the former "gR"H,,ter«,were themselves beaten Problem-Richmond defeat* South «hA.^ r' t-F<»twray defeats Richmond. Where gouW Foatscray be placed od the premiership f,&n; En«tlS»h team of Bugbr ^ Auatralia. While here they essayed 1 .hli^rw* but their 8ucoe« was not remarfc l ,'1ure to waster it* scientific points I ^^uairely tb<* the Itngby player baj a I *w'Mrn More he can hope to ewcl at toe AtutrubD gtiM. I Inoannectioo with the visit of the Starfish team, 1 T comm.wnltywas shocked at the lames table death , VtftMrahj of their captain, Seddoa. A fund to rctmorial over hit grave was initiated, and thM anodatioa nbseribed handsomely towards it . orw i 5s"A* 18,30 ''^ted Victoria tort year, i S?A rtf WFed here pro red conclusively i 2iSi .!£* iJPLs "S* f" d'stMt When the Smith Am avians will be able to put a team in the field able to I .ij>vni **» beat Victoria can produce. * coherence ot intercolonial dele gates was held to amend the laws of the »a«e. The ! alterations effected, it it hopod, wBI jtffl farther im prove our game. * t ^ke te dnw your ettentJon to one or i J?5«* "H*? have * mo*t important bearing j oa the welfare of the nine. J- £'5riaZ & senior matches out of season. ,_9rer,n* premiums to dubs to obtain the pre miwoio, 3\. Betting oti matches. Ttn*e has been of late years a growing tendency among Eentor clubs to anticipate the season, but this year it must have reached it* climax, as by the pah. iishca Usw it wiil be seen that almost every senior club is playing a match with another senior before the season opens. What does this mean? Docs it mean that five months out of the twelve are not suffi cient for us? If so, let us meet the cricketers in a sportsmanlike spirit and argue (he matter out; but please do not let us attempt to filch any portion ol their season from them unfairly. Hie press and many real supporters of our game put it down to another cause-gate money. Now, gentlemen, I warn you to be verv carcful in , re?Pe?t . do not J?'ve anyone the sligbest chance to say that our (fame is degenerating into a scramble for gate money. 1 ca!l upon South Melbourne, Ocelong, and Carlton, the three admittedly strongest 12\. ot .e P"®"' time, to take the lead in this matter, and utterly set their faces against playing senior matches out of season without the express sanction of the association. I may state that the Carlton committee unani mously resolved at its meeting last Tuesday for the future not to play any senior matchcs out of season, i tr.?. 018 committees of all our assooiated ciubs will do likewise. Another evil is the offering, by wealthy supporters, of money or trophies in the event of the local *»:im obtaining a certain place in the premiership list. Tnis, to me, savours somewhat of professionalism, or, at least, a? a bait to entice players from other clubs. J I may inform these gentlemen that, speaking from personal knowledge, the players are so imbued with ; the spirit of the game that it requires no inducement of tins kind to make them strive to put their club at the head of the premiership list. Offerings like these cannot benefit our game, in j deed they are more likely to injure it. I have fro I quently said that betting is becoming fartoo common in football circle*, and this association, by force of example, should endeavour to do what it can to sup press it. Delegates, at any rate, should be above suspicion, and neither directly nor indirectly should tbey bet on football matches. Umpires are not allowed to bet, and surely those who have the appointment of Uiem should be guided by the eame wholesome rule. That bujbear, the arranging of matches satis factorily to all concerned, exercised the minds of delegates throughout the whole of last season. For the coming season something approaching a satis factory basis has been fixed, and the outcome will be a nearer approach to a real all-round fight for the premiership than has hitherto been the case. ) . Matches with Baflmt will DO longer be reckoned ? in the premiership, but I still think the Ballarat premiers should have the right to play the metro politan premiers at the end of the season. The University, after a struggling existence of three years, has at length been compelled to give up the ghost They fought long and manfully against adverse lite, and under such discouraging; circum- I stances as would have compelled stronger combina tions long before to have thrown up the sponge, i « n ^ 811 re all mv colleagues as well-reeret that the withdrawal of (he Universito club means the loss of the services ot Messrs. James and M'Leod to the association. I ,Pn wany occasions we have been opposed to esch ! other, but I cannot forget that their opnoeition wa& always carried on in a manner which reflected credit, not only to themselves, bat alao on that abode of learmug, whose club tbey represented. We can ill afford to lose gentlemen like Messrs. James and at*Leod, and I hope Behave ooteeeothc last o! them on the association. My Bj-stem of pointa worked fairly well last season, but during the coming one I expect to see it act more satisfactorily, as, I understand, every senior club plays each other at least once. There has been some-talk of reducing the number of matches to be played from 18 to 10, but 1 hspe this will not be done. The premiership should not be attained without a great strangle, and should be made u difficult ot accomplishment as possible, but (his wfll assuredly not be the owe it the number of matches be red need. In conclusion, I trust Hie members of the associa tion daring the com to* season will work harmoniously ana amicably together, and continue to supervise our eame in such a manner as to beep it pure and unsullied, and make it worthy of being trulv called the national game of Victoria. Mr. P. O'NEILL congratulated the associa tion oa having BO able and enthusiastic an honorary secretary aa Mr. Marshall to con dnct its affairs. (Cheers.) Mr. M. Mikchin Boid that the committee of the South Melbourne Clnb had so far accepted the suggestion made in Mr. Marshals reoort that they had declined to accept prizes for the forthcoming season He suggested that where prizes had been offered on the condition of a team winning the premiership the honorary secretary should, on behalf of the association, write to the intending donors and suggest the withdrawal of the prizes. ?????__? - It was agreed that the ventilation already given the matter would probably effect the object desired. COMMITTEES. The committees for the year were elected JJ follows: - Match committee. Messrs. Minchin. Stooke, Worrell, Brooks, and Douglass; permit and umpire committee, Mews. Minchin, Stooke, Pleasance, Rolfe, and Graham. KOKINATION OF DELEGATES. The delegates from clubs were nominated tot the season as followsCarlton, W. C. Donalson and T. S. Marshall; Esaendon, J. D. Graham and W. J. Smith ; Fitzroy, a S. Cock and J. Worrali; Gtelong; H. Robinson and H. A. Harwood; Melbourne. A. Hunt uid R. E M'Leod; North Melbourne, P. Mitchell and J. H. Gardiner: South Mel bourne, M. Minchin and A. Brans; Port Melbourne, W. W. llolfe and P. R. Harper: Richmond, E. P. Brooks and C. Syle; St Kilda, A. Stooke and D. E. Gleeeon ; Foots cray, J. Walters and J. Williams; Ballarat, F. A. Pleasance and F. C. James; Ssuth Ballarat, P. O'Neill and C. Lyons ; Ballarat Imperial, P, Douglas and J. Burns; Wil. Iiamstown, M. J. Fiiznatrick and \V. H, Jones. The meeting then closed, after transacting business referred [to in our "Football' Notes." - j LiDtcs, PM54SE Kom-"The New York" and " wnilams'" Marines carried FJratand Second out ot the three prices awarded for Family Sewing machines at Exhibition, C. B, Glass, Importer, Uttle Oolltns-itreet (tear Eastern Market).-{\dvt.1 JOOEtiiisfc-for the Teeth and Broath-is the beat liquid dentitrioe In the world. It thoroughly cleanser partially decayed teeth from all paraiitss or living " animaleuln," leaving them pearly white, imparting a delightfulwagranoe to the breatii. Sioe.aa.6l per bottle, of all chemists. The Fragrant Florilins reinorei instantly all odours arising from a fold stomach or tobaooo amoke. Being partly oompoaed ol honey, ioda, and extract* ot sweat herbi and plants, it is perfectly harmless, an4 delioious aaaheary. Ocrtiflaates ot Dr. AtttteU with aveiy bottle, with full particulars. Wholesale by all wholesale drujgiats In Melbourne.-TAd vt.l 1 