THE FROZEN PIRATE/ BY IT CLARKE RUSSELL, .Vuthor of 1 Tho "Wreck of tho Grosvonor ' Tho Lady Maud? ,A Sailor's Sweet heart/Eta. . CirAiTEn XXVI. — I am Thouulkd nv . . . TllOUUltTH OP TlIB TnEABUHE. . . Tho weight of- tho wind intlio rigging'- steadied tho achnonor somewhat, and pro- aontod hor from rolling too heavily --to ' starboard, whilst her list corrected hor larboard rolls. : So as I sat below sho scorned : . to mo to bo making tolerably good weather of it. Not much water catno .-i aboard; now and again I would hour the :, clatter of a full: forwards, but at comfortably long intervals. .. I . sat against tlio . dresser with , my buck : upon it, and being dead tirod . must lmvo ' dropped aslcop on a sudden — indeed, before I o had half sinoked my pipo out, and I do uot boliovo I gavo a thought, to my situation' v. - before I Hlumbered, do wearipd was. T; The cold awoke mo. Tho- fire was out .« mid , so was tlio candle 111 tho - luiithorn,, aud I .was m coffin -darkness. This tlio tinder-box i Hpoodily remedied. ; '1- .v.- looked at inj watoh — soven o clock, as.: I. was -- - a sinner ! so .tliat my sleep had lastcd , be tween three and foin hours. . . . I went 011 deck aiid .fouud tho night still"... blnek upon tlio sou. tho .wind tlio same brisk i ..i ' ;alo that was blowing when I quitted tlio " holiii, tlio soa .110 heavier, and tlio schooner- tumbling in true l)utch fashion upon it. . I . v , .looked very. earnestly around but could sou no signs ;of loo. There would bo daylight . presontly,' so I went below, lighted tlio fire, '' . - urid got my breakfast, and when I returned tho Sim was up and tho - sea visiblo to its furthest reaches. . ' . . .. w - It was a fine wintry piece ; . tlio sea green and running in ridges with frothing heads,-' tlio sky vory pulo among .tlio dark snow- . ', laden oluuds, tho sun darting a ray now and .again, which was swung into tlio north by tlio shadows of tlio clouds until tlicy extinguished it. Jlcmoto in tlio north- west hung tlio gluuin of an iceberg ; theruwas nothing olso m siglit. . Yes — somothing- that comforted me exceedingly, though it \vim-- - not very many days ago that a lika object hud heavily soured me — an albatross, a noblo bird, sailing on tlio windward close enough to- bo shot. , lho sight of tins living thing - was inexpressibly uheonng ; it put into my head , a fancy of ships being ut hand, thoughts of help nnd of humnn companions. In truth, my imagination was willing to accept it as tho same bird that I had n fi- iglituucd away when in the liout, now re turned to silontlv reproach mo for my treat- men t of it. Kay, utv lonely eve, my sub dued and suffering heart migfit ovou have witnessed the good angel of my life m tliut solitary shape of ocean beauty, and. have deemed that, though unseen, it laid been with liio throughout, und was now miido visible to my gaze by the light of liopo that had broken into tho (larkuess of my adventure. Well, supposing it so, I should not liavo been tho only man who over scared his good aug-i.-l away, and found it fuithfid uftor- wiinds. -. I tinlasheil the tiller and got the schooner before the wind und steered until a littlo hefuru noon, letting- hor drive (loud boforo tlio sea, whieh carriod lier juirtli-east. Then ! scouring tho helm amiilsliips 1 ran for tho- qiiiidi'iiiitaial whilst waiting for tliosuu to show himself I observed that tlio vessel hold hor- ' self very steadily before tho wind, "wlucli might buvo boon owing i -J her iiign siurn ami great swell of hor sides and hor round bottom ; but be the ciiiisu what it might, sho ran as fuirly with her helm amidships as if I luulbueiiat the tiller to cheek her, a most fortuuute condition of my navigation, for it - privilogod me to get about other, work, whilst,- at tliu same tunc, every hour wim convoying me nearer to tho track of ships and further from tlio bitter regiousof tho south. I got an observation und mudoout that tlio: vessel had driven about til teen leagues during tho lliirllt. ibhomust do lintter than - that. - thought I ; and whou I liud eaten boiiio " dinner I took a ulioppor, audgouig on ito tlio . forcuiistlo, lay out upon tlio bowsprit, and - lifter boating- tlio spritsailyard blook clour of. . - tlio ico. out uway- tlio. gaskets that confined .- tlio' sail to tlio yard, heartily boatmg tliu . .canvas, ,thut was liku iron, till a clow ofit full. 'I then uamo in and braced tlio yard square, uud tho wind, presently, eatuhnig tho exposed part of tho sail, lilow more of it out, and yet more, until there wusnsurfiice show ing ; then to a. suddou hard blast of wind - tho wholo sail flow opon with a mighty crackling, as though indeed it was formed of ice ; hut to render it lisoful I hud to haul tliu shoots aft, wluuli 1 could nob manage without tlio help of the tackles wo hud used in slinging the powder over the side ; so- . that, what with oiio hindrance mild another, tliu sotting that sail took mo an liuur and a-. - half. But hud it occupied mo all (lay. it would : have been worth doing. J. rifling as it was as a cloth, its .client opon tho seliouner was liku that oi a cordial upon a fainting num. It was not that slio sensibly -'showed nimbler heels to its ; its lifting tendency enabled her to lido tho itiidcr-ruumiig sous more buoyantly, and it it inureased lier speed by half a knot an hour it wus worth n million to mo, whoso business it was to take the utmost possibly advantage oh tlio southerly gale. I returned In tlio holm, warm with tlio exercise, and gazed torward not a littlo proud. . of my work. Though tlio sail wus oiglit-and- forty yours old and perhaps oldor, it offered , as tough and stunt a surface to tho wind us it . it wus fresh from lho siiiliuuker's hands, so groat are tlio preserving qualities of ice. 1 looked w|stfully at tlio topsail, but on reflect ing that it it should comu on to blow liurd enough to compel 1110 to heavo tho brig to sho would never hull with that canvas abroad, I - resolved to lot it ho, fur I could out away tho spritsuil if tlio necessity arose and notgroutly regret' its loss; but to loso tho topsail would he a serious matter, though if I did uot out < 1 it adrift it might carry uwuy tho must for me ; so, as I say, 1 would uot mcddlo with it. . . Hading Unit tho slap continued to steer herself vory well, and tlio bettor for tho sprit- miil, I thought 1 would get tlio body ot tlio . old H-ouoliiuuu overboard, and so obtain a clear hold for myself no far its corpses wout. I curried tho lanlhorii into tho forecastle, but when 1 1 pulled the hummock off I11111 1 con- foss it wiis not without a stupid fear. that I ... should,; find linn ulivo. Recollection of his' ustoundlng vitality found souictlnug im- . .pcriajmblo 111 that ugly luiatomy, and though lio lay, before 1110 us dead and eold.us stoue, I-i J. yet lutd a fancy, that tlio seeds of life were v- still in him, thai 'twas only tlio current of Ilia beiug that hud frezon, that if I wore to thaw liim nil-cull ho might recover, and that- : f if T huriedliun I should actually bo desputoh- : ing him. . Rut though these fancies possessed, thoy . ....... did: not control mo. 1 took las wotoli and whatovor olso liu luid 111 that way, earned, . liim on dcofc and dropped lum over tho shlo, using us littlo coromony us lio had. employed . in tlio disposal of his shipmates, hut uftooted > . ' by very diilerent emotions : for tlicru was not bnly tho idea that tho vital spark was slill am „.v, hint ; I could not but liaudlo with awo tho -. most mysterious eorpso the eyo laid over ; . viewed, 0110 who luul lived through a stupor .1 ; or doatji-sloop for uiglil-uiid-furty -yearn, in , i c whom iii it few horns 1 11110 hud compressed tho. wizardry he stretahes in others ovor halt II century ; who 111 a night had shrunk from lho. aspcot of his primo into tho loan; ' puckered, blear-eyed, deaf, und tottering ox- - pression of a hundred years. . Rut now lie was gonu ! The bubbles which- rose to tlio pliuigo of his body were his opitaph ; had tliov risen hlood-red tliov would luivo better symbolised lus life. Tlio albatross . stooped to tho spot whore ho had vuiushed' ' with a lioai-rtu suit scream liko tho liiugli of 11 delirious woniuu, aud tlio wiud, freshening - - momentarily 111 a squull, inudo ouo think of ' tlio spirit of Nature us eager to purifj tho -c air of heaven from lho taint of tlio dead piinto's passage freni tho bulwarks to tho ' wator's surfaeo. . ,c v. All tliut day aud through / tho lught. 1 ' that followed, the seliooner drove, rolling". uud . plunging boforo tlio . seas, . uito tho north-east, to thu pulling of the Hprit- sail. I mado uovcriil oxeursious into - tho c Xorehold, hut. never could boar the sound vf .»>.>:< water in tho vcsrel. .Her sides in places, were vkv. fuUiihed by sptcialutaagcaicat wtuTtbsautheirv - ."-'-1 r - still sheathed in 100, but this crystal armour ."was gradually dropping off herto th® fork. : ing oflicr frnmo in tlio senn, so tliaW K,nco she was proving herself tight, it , was ccr- . tain hor stanncluicss owed nothing to tho glassy plnting. I had seen somo strango craft in iny day, but nothing to beat the nppe.irnnco this old tub of a hooker sub mitted to my gazo as I viewed her from tho y helm.' llow so uncouth a structure, with her tall stern, flusring bows, fnt buttocks, sloping mast', forecastle well, and massivo head- timbers over managed to pursue und overhaul a chaso was only to lie unriddled by supposing nil that sho took to be more un wieldy and clumsy thnn herself. What ' - would a pirato of those days, in liis clcan- lincd polncca or arrowy schooner, have thought of such nn instmincnt as this for tho practice of his pretty trade? The ice \- / aloft still held for her spam and rigging tho resemblanco of glass, and to every sunbeam that Hashed upon her from between tho sweeping clouds sho would sparkle out into many-coloured twinklings, marvellously dohcato in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over in a breath through the swiftness of tho reeling of the spars. I should hut fatigno you to follow the several littlo stories of these hours 0110 by . ono ; how I got my food, snatched at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea-lino and the like. Just before sundown I saw a . largo icobcrg in the north, two leagues dis tant ; no othors'wero in sight, hut ono was . enough to uiako mo uneasy, and I spent a very .troubled night, repeatedly coming on deck to look about mo. Tho schooner steered : : , herself us if n man stood at tho holm. The . spntsail further helped her in this, for, if thocurl of a sea under hor forefoot brought \- hor to larboard or starboard, tho sail forced \- her back again. Still, it was 11 very sur- prising happy quality iu hor, tho noxt best thing to my having a shipmate, and n wonderful relief to mo, who must othorwiso liavo brought hor to, under a lnshed helm, every tamo I had occasion to leave the deck. Tho seaworthiness of tho craft, coupled with the reasonable assuranco of presently falling in with a ship, rendered mo so far easy in my mind as to ouablc mo to think very frequently of tho treasure aud how I was to scoure it. If I fell in with an onomy's cruiser or n privateer I must expect to be stripped. This would bo tho fortune of war, aud I must tuko ray ohnnco. My concern did not lio that way ; , how was I to protect tins property, that was justly mine, against my own countrymen, suppose I had the good fortuno to carry tho schooner sufoly into English waters ? I had a brother-in- law, Joremiah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mer chant in a small way of business, whoso offioo was in tho city of London, nnd, if I could manage to convey tho treasure secretly to lum, ho would, I know, find me a hand some account in his settlement of this affair; But it was impossible to strike out a plan. I must wait nnd attend the course of ovcuts. Yet riches being tilings winch fover tho coldest imaginations, I comd not look uliead without excitement and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it a | hard fate indeed after my orucl experiences, iny freeing the vessel from tho ice, iny sailing lier through somo thousand of miles of perilous seas, and arriving finully in safety to bo dispossessed of what was strictly mine — as much mine as if I hud fished it up from tlio bottom of the sea, whore it must other wise liavo lnin till the crack of doom. I remember that, among other ideas, it entered 'my head to tell the master of the first ship I met, if she were British, the whole stoty of my adventure, to acquaint liim with the treasure, to offer to tranship it and myself to his vessel mid abandon the schooner, uud 'propose n. handsome reward for his offices. But I could not bring my mind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. The mere circumstances of the treasure not being mine, in the sense of my having earned it, of its being piratical plunder, and as much ono's as another's, might dull tho edge ovon of a fair-dealing conscience and cxposo mo to tho machinations of a heavily. tempted mind. Thereforo, though I had no plan, I was rcholv cd at nil hazards tostiektothesohoouer, 1 and, '-.with a view 'to providing against tho .. ounosity of rummaging of uny person who \- should como ahoai-d 1 foil to tho following work after _ gottiug my hroakfust. I hung lanthorns in the run and hatchways and calmi to enable me to pass easily to and fro ; I then emptied one of tlio chests iu my cabin and carried it to whore tlio treasure was. The chest I filled nearly three-parts full with money, joweUciy, etc., wliieh sank tho contents of the other chests to the depth I wanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such as pistols and hangers and cutlasses, and filled up thoohests with them, flrat placing a thickness of canvas over tho money nnd jewellery, that no glitter might show through. To improvo tho deception I brought another chest to tho ruu, and wholly filled with cutlasses, powder- horns, pistols, and the like, and so fixed it that it must ho the first to como to hand. My cumini" amounted to this : that, suppose tho ruu to ho rummaged, the contents of the first cliost were sure to bo turned out, hut, 011 tlio other ohests boing opened, und what thov appeared to contain observed, it wus as likely us not that tho ruramugcrs would ho satisfied they were anns-ehests, nnd quit meddling with thom» Hero now might I indulge iu a string of 1 elleotions 011 the troubles und anxieties wliieh money brings, quote from Juvenal aud other poets, aud hold myself up to your merrimoiit by a contemptuous oxlilhitiou of myself, a lonoly sailor, labouring to conceal his gold from imaginary knaves, toiling in tho dark lupth of tho vessel, and never heeding that, veu whilst ho so worked, his ship might split .pon somo half- tide rook of ice, and founder ltli him and liis treasure too, aud so 011, and on. But the fact is I was not a fool. Tore was money enough to sot mo up ifs a /nc gohtlonmu for hfe, and I meant to suvo it nnd keep it too, if I could. A mail on his denthbed, a man in sueli . peril that his end is certain, can afford to bo sentimen tal. Ho is going where money fa dross in deed, and he is in a posture when to moraliso upon human greed aud tlio vanity of wishes aud nehos becomes him. But would not u man whoso health fa heurty, and who hopes to suvo his lifo, bo worse off than a sheep in tho matter of brains not to keep a firm grip of Fortuno's hand when sho extended it? I know I was vory well pleased with my. . . morning's work whon I luid accomplished it," and had ho mind to qualify my satisfaction . by molnncholy, and romantic musings on my Londition and uncertanty of tlio future. Thfa it was possibly owing to tho fineness of tho weather ; a heavy bluek galo from tlio north , would doubtless have given a vory different, turn to my humours. Tho wind at dawn had weakened and eorao into tho wast. There wus a strong swell — . indeed there always is in this ocean — but tlio , seas ran small. Tho sky looked like marble, , . with its broad spreadings of high wliito 7 clouds and tho veins of blue sky between. I wished to make all the northing that was possible, but there wus nothing to bo douo iu that wuy with tho spritsoil ulono. Had not tho capstan been frozen I should have tried to . get tho mainsail upon tho ship, hut without the aid of machinery I was lioldlcss. So, with holm amidships, the sehoouor drove languidly along with her bond due oust, ... lifting as pondorously as a lino-of-battlp ship to the floatiug launches of tho liigh swell, and tho albatross hung as steudfastly in tho t. wako of my lonely ocean piatli as though it , , had been somo messenger sout hy God to : wutoh ino into safety. ; , , Giiapter XXVII.— I Encounter a Whaler. 11 ' I had been six days aud nights at sea, und p . - tho morning of tlio seventh day had come. "With tho excoption of ono day of strong 7 / . south- wostorly winds, which ran mo some- >'; thing to tho nortk'wnrds, tho wcutlior had !f". 1 been fine, Utterly cold indeed, but bright and clear. I11 this timo I had run a distance of about six hundred and fifty miles to tho east, and with no other cloths upon the 1\. schooner than her spritsuil. I confess, ns tho hours puHsed away und nothing hovo into viow, I grow dispirited uud restless ; but, on tho other hand, I was eom- , fortcd by tho bright weather and tho favourable winds, and particularly by tho vessel's steering herself, which enabled ino to gol rest, to keep myself warm with tho fire, nd to dress my food, yet over pushing on- wards (howover slowly) into tho navigated regions of thfa sea. On tho morning of the seventh day I enrno on deck, huviug slept since four o'clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about wast by south ; tho movement in tho sea was from the south, nnd rolled very grandly; there wos a fog tlmt way, too, that hid tho horizon, bringing tho ocean-lino to within u league of the schooner ; but tho otlior quarters swept in a dark, clour, bluo lino nguinst tho sky, and there was such u clarity of atmosphere as mado the distances ajipoar infinite. I went below andlighted the fire andgot nr breakfast, aU very leisurely, and when I was dono I sat down nnd smoked a pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had 110 mind to leave the fire, and, as ull wils well, I lounged through the best part of two hours in the cook-liousc, when, thinking it was now timo to tako another survey of the sccno, I went on deck. On looking over tho larboard bulwark rail, tho first thing I saw was a ship, about two miles off. Sho was on tho larboard tack, under courses, topsail, and main-topgallant sail, heading us if to cross my bows. Tho sunshino made her canvus look ns white as snow aguinst tlio skirts of the body of vupour that had trailed a littlo to leeward of lier, aud lior black hull Hushed us though sho dis charged a broadsido every timo she roso wet to the northern glory out of tho hollow of tho swell with a curl of silver ut her cut- wutor. My heart came into my throat ; I seemed not to breathe ; not to liavo saved my lifo could I liavo uttered a cry, so amazed und transported was I by thfa unexpected appari tion. I stared like one in a dream, ana my head felt as if all tho blood in my body had surged into' it. But then, all on u sudden, there happened a revulsion of feeling. Sup- poso sho should prove a privateer — a French wur- vessel— of a nation hostilo to my own ? Thought so wrought in mo thnt I trembled liko an idiot in a fright. Tlio telescope was too weak to resolve her. I could do hotter with my eyes; nnd I stood at the bulwarks gazing und gazing as if she were tlio spoctrc ship of tho Scandinavian legend. There were flags below, und I could have hoisted a signal of distress ; hut to what purpose ! If the nppcurunco of the schooner (lid not sufficiently illustrate hor condition, there was certainly no virtue in tlio language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own muto assurance. I watched hor with a passion of anxiety, nover doubting her inten tion to speak to mo, at all oVents to draw closb " and look at mo, ' wholly concerning myself with her character. Tho swell made iis both dunce, and tho blue brows of tho rollers would often hide lier to tho height of her rails; but wo were closing each other middling fast, she travelling at seven and I at four miles in tho hour, and prcsoutly I could sco tlmt sho carried a number of boats. 1 A whaler, thought I ; and after ii' littlo I was sure of it by perceiving tho rings over hor topgallant rigging for tho look- out to stand in. On being convinced of thfa, I ran below for a shawl that was in. niy eabiu, and, jumping on to tho bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for somo minutes to lot thom know that there was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden hor wuy, that I might swim close, and as wo approaohed each other _ I observed u. crowd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft, all staring intently. A man scrambled on the rail, and with an arm clasping a backstay, hailed mo : ' SohOuiiur ahoy he bawled, with a strong iiasal.twang in liis cry. ' What ship's that?' ' Tho Boca del Dragon,' I shouted back. ' Whero aro you from, and where are you hound to ?' 'I -have been locked up in the ice,.' I cried, ' and am in, want of help. What ship are you?' /Tho Susau' Tucker, whulor, . of Now Bedford, twoiity-sovcn months out,' lio returned. ' Whbro iii creation got you' that hooker?' ' ;/; 'A '7y /.' AV .' / "'I'm tlio only man hboard,' I cried, 'and have no boat. Send to mo, in tho name of God, and lot tho master como !' Ho waved ids hand, bawling, 'Put your helm down—you're forging ahead 1' ana so saying, dismounted. I immediately cast the tiller adrift, put it hard, over, and secured it, then jumped 011 to the bulwarks again to watch them. Sho was Yunkco beyond doubt ; I had rather met my own countrymen; hut, next to a British, £ would have chosen an Amerieoin ship to moot. Somehow, despite tlio Frcnolimuu, I felt to liavo been ulono throughout my iidvcuturq ; and so sore was the effect of thut solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty yours since I hud scon a ship, and since I had held communo with my own species. I was terribly agitated, und shook in every limb. Lifo must havo been precious' always; but never boforo had it appeared so precious us now, whilst I guzed at that hoincly ship, with her main topsuil to tlio must, swinging statoly upon the' swell, tlio faecs of tho seamen plain, tho smoko of hor galloy-firo breaking from the eliinuioy, tlio sounds of creaking blocks uud groaning parrels stealing from lier. Such a fountain of joy broko out of my heart that my whole being wus flooded with it, aiidhad that mood lasted I boliove I should luivo exposed tho treasure iu tho run, aud invited all tho mon of tho whaler to share in it with me. , Tlioy sturod fixedly; littlo wonder tliat tlioy should bo astounded by suuh un uppoaranco as my ship exhibited. Ono of tlio several boats which huii'' at her davits was lowered, the oars flushed, and presently sho was near enough to bo hit with a biscuit ; but whou there tho master, us I supposed him to bo, who was steering, sung out, "Vast rowing !' tho boat aiimo to a stand, and lier people to a. man stared at ma with thoir chins upon their sho'uldors ns if I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they wore frightened, nnd that tho superstitions of tlio forceastlo were hard at work in them whilst tlioy viowod mo. . Thoy looked 11 queor company; two wore negroes, tho others pnlo- facea bearded inon, wrapped up in clothes to tho aspect of Bcareerows. The follow who steered had a faco us long as a wet hummock, and it was lengthened yet to tho oyo by a beard liko a goatra hunging at tlio extremity of hisohiu. , "Ho stood up-a tall, lank figure, -with logs liko a; .pMr/of ; compnBsos — and hailed mo afresh,, out "tho high swoll, regular as tho Hiving of n pendulum, interposed its brow between liim and me, so tlmt ut ono momont lio was n sharply-lined figure iigainst the sky of tho horizon, and tho noxt ho und liis boat and Grew wore sheer gono out of sight, aud this mildo nn exoliungo of sentences slow and troublesome. ' Suy, master,' lie sung out, ' what d'yosay tho schooner's name fa 1' Tho Jtoea del Dragon,' I replied. , And who nro you, mutoy ?' ' A11 English suilor who has been oast away on an island of ico,' I iinswored, talking very shortly that tho replies might follow tlio questions before tho swell sank him. 'Ay, ay,' says ho, ' that's vory woll;' but when was you cast away, bully ?' I gave liim tlio (late. ' That's not u month ago,' cried lie. ' It's long enough, whatever tho timo,' said , Hero tho crow fell a-talking, turning from one uuothob to stare at mo, and tho nogrocs' eyesshowed as big assaucors in tho dismay of their regard. ...... _ ' Sec, here, muster,' sung out tho long man, 'if you han't beou east away more tlinn a month, how como you clothod as men went dressed a century sin,' hoy?' Tho reasons of their misgivings ilushod upon me. It was not so much tlio schooner us my appearance. Tho truth wus, my clothes having been wotted, I hud over sinoo boon weuriug such thick garments us I met with in tho cabin, keepiug my legs wanu with jackboots, und I luid been so used to thegurb that I forgot I liud it on. You will judge, tlieu, that I must liavo presented a figure very nicely caloulutcd to exeito tlio wonder aud apjirehcusion of a body of men whoso" super stitious instiuots were already sufficiently fluttered by tho nppcaranco of tho sehoouor, when I toll you thut, in uddition to tho juck- boots and a great fur cup, my costumo was forced of u rod plush waistcoat hicod with Bilvcr, purplo breeches, n coat of friezo with willow braiding and hugo cuffs, and the cloak that I had taken from tho body of Mcndoza. 'Captain,' cried I, 'if so bo you nro tho captain, in tlio name of God and humanity come aboard, sir.' Hero I had to wait. till he rcappearcd. 'My story fa an extra ordinary one. You luive nothing to fear. 1 1 am a plain English sailor ; my ship was tlio' Laughing Marj', bound in ballast from Callao to tho Cape.' Hero I hud to wait again. ' Pray, sir, como aboard. There is nothing to fear. I am alone — in grievous distress, aud in want of help. Pray come, sir !' There was so littlo of tho goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. Tlio crow hung 111 the wind, but I10 addressed them peremptorily. I heard liim damn them for a set of curs, und tell them that if they put him Suoard they might lie off' till lio was ready to return, where they would bo safe, ns tho devil could not swim ; and presently they buckled to their oars again nnd tlio boatcamo along side. Tlio long man, watching liis chance, sprang with great ugility into the chains, and stopped on deck. I ran up to liim and seized hfa lmnd with both mine. ' Sir,' cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was the tumult of my spirits und the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, ' I thank you a thousand times over for this visit. I ain in the most helpless condition thnt can be imagined. I am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of thfa vessel and by the figure X make in these clothes, but sir, you will bo much more amazed wliou you liavo heard my stoiy.' Ho oyed me steadfastly, examining mo very earnestly from my hoots to my cap, und then east a glance around him before he made any reply to my address. Ho had tho guuntness, sallowncss of complexion, and dclibcratcncss of miinnor peculiar to tho people of Now England. And though he was u very ugly, lank, uncouth man, I protest lio was as fair iu my sight as if he had been the am brosial angel described hy Milton. ' "Well, cook my gizzard,' ho exclaimed presontly, through liis nose, and after another good look at ine und ulong tho decks and up aloft, ' if thfa ain't mi- raoulous, tow. Durncd if wc didn't tako thfa hookor for somo ghost ship riz from tho sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to fit lier age. IT aro allulonc, air you ?' ' All alone,' said I. ' Broucli mo overy burrel aboard if ever I scesich a vessel,' lio cried, ids astonishment rising with tho searching glances ho directed .aloft and alow. ' How old ho alio ?' ' She was cast away in seventeen hundred and fifty-three,' said I. ' ' Well, I'm dunied. Sho's frozo hard, sirrec ; I reckon sho'U want a hot sun to thaw her. Split ino mister, if sho ain't worth sailing homo as a show-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations hy asking him to stop below, where wo could sit warm whilst I related my story, nnd I asked him to invite hfa boat's crew into tho cabin tliat I might regale thorn with u bowl of such liquor as I ventured to say hud never pussod their lips in this life. On thfa ho wont to tko sido, and, hailing 'tho men, ordorod all but 0110 to stop aboard and drink to tlio health of tho lonesome sailor tlioy had como across. The word ' drink' acted liko a charm; tlioy in stantly liuuled upon tlio puintor and brought tlio bout to tho chains mid tumbled over tho. side, 0110 of the negroes remaining in lier. ' Thoy fell together in a body, and surveyed mo and tlio .ship' ivith a hundred marks of ustonishmcnt. ' My lads' said I, ' my rig is a strango one, . but I'll explain all shortly. The clothes I was east away in. aro below, and I'll show you thom. I'm not, spectre, but us roul as you ; though I liavo gono through so much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, hut owing to the moroy. of God. My name is 1'atil Rodney, and . I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing, tho long man,, 'are, I prcsumet.ho master of tho Susan Tucker! ' . 7 7:": . , , ; 7. 'At. your sarvico-Josiah Tuclcer is my name, and tliat ship is my wifo Susan. ' Captain Tuekor, uiid you, , men, will yon please step below, says I. ; "The weather iromises fuir ; I havo much to tell, and thore; 8 that in the cabin whioh. iwill give you pationeo to hoar me.' , - , I descended tho eompauiou-stairs, and they all followed, making tho interior that had boon so long silent, ring with thoir heavy tread, whilst from timo to timo a gruff, hourso whisper broke from 0110 of them. But super stition lay strong upon their imagination, uud' they were awed and quiet. 'Tho.. daylight cumo down the hatch, but for all tliat tho cabin was darksome. . I.waitcd till the last' man liud entered, and then said, ' Before we scttlo down to a howl und a yum, captain, I should like to show you tliis ship.- It'll suvo me a deal of descrip tion and explanation if you will bo pleased to take a view? ' Lead on, mister,' said lio ; ' but wo Bball havo to snap our eyelids and raise fire in tliat way, for 'durncd if I, for one, euu sco in tho dark.' I fetched three or four lanthorns, and lighting the candles, distributed them among tho men, and then, in u procession, licuded by the captain und mo, wo mudc the rounds. I had liulf-cleured tho arms-room, but there were weapons enough left, and tlioy stared ut thom liko yokels in a booth. I showed them tho cook-houso aud tho forecastle, whoro tho deck was still littered ivith clothes, and chests, und hummocks ; and, after curry ing them aft to tho cabins, gave them a sight of the hold. I never saw 111011 more amazed.- Tlioy filled tho vessel with thoir exclama tions. Thoy nover offered to touch any thing, being too much awed, 7 hut ; stopped' about with thoir heads uncovered, as quietly a's they could, ns though thoy had been in a. crvpt, and tho influence of, strango and terrifying memorials ivus , upon tliem. I also showed thom tho clothes I had como away from the Laughing Mary in ; and, thut I might submit auolru'n aspect to thom- us should touch thoir sy mpathics, I whipped off tlio cloak aud put ou my own pilot-elotH coat. ' - There' being nothing mora to see, I led' themtotho cook-room, and .there brewed a great hearty bowl of brandy-puuoh, which L seasoned with lemon, sugur, aud spioos, into ns relfaliuhlo a draught' as my knowledge in that way could compiiss, and, giving ovory mail a punnikin, bado'liiiu dip and wclcoino, myself first drinking' to tliom ivith u brief' spccoli, .yot not so -brief but that I broko down towards the oloso of it, and ended with a dry sob or two. /' ' V ' : V.,' ' " Thoy would liiivo botin unworthy thqlr oountry and their balling: liot to hiivo boon touched - by my natural manifestation of emotion ; besides, tho brandy was nn incom parably fine spirit, and tho vory perfumo of tho steaming bowl wns suifioiout to stimulate tho kindly qualities of sailors ivlio liud been looked up for months in a greasy old ship, with no diviner smells ubout than tho stink of tho try-works. Tho captain, standing up, culled upon liis men to drink to mo, promising mo that ho wus very glad to havo fallen in with my soliooncr, and thou, looking at tho others, liiudo a sign, wlioroupou thoy idl fixed their oyes upon ma und drunk us 0110 man, ovcryouo omptyiug hfa pot and inverting it as 11 proof, and fotohing a rousing sigh of satisfaction. (to bb continued.) Mr. Frederick Hoatlior, Inspector of Windsor Pulaco ut £600 a year, died at Yontnor 011 30th January, aged fifty. Ho was muck rcsiioetod by tho Queen. Tlio Transvaal Chamber of Mines records last year's gold output at 231,000oz. In Dccemhor tho yield was 26, 148oz. There wore 897,226 visitors to South Kunsin". ton Museum, London, last year. 0 