THE REDFEEN ELECTION, If Mi. Gkorge Anderson is the most intelligent representative of the: Foreign- trade cause in Redfern the cause in that electorate is in a very- bad way; For a more wretched dis- plays of oratory and of thinking than lie lias given during the time lie has been, canvassing have, we venture to say, never been made in this State by an aspirant for political honors. His speech at the nomination yesterday represented almost, the extreme of intellectual feebleness. It proved that lie does not understand a single political question, and that he has no capacity for generating useful ideas. Only .that wo know that the pro verb is universally true that "fools rush in where angels fear "to tread," we should be surprised at liis temerity in trying to obtain a seat in. the Parliam'ent of. the country. Unfortunately it is the case that the political ambition' of some men is in exact proportion to their political ignorance— the more stupid they are the greater is their, desire to get into the ranks- of the country's intellectual aristocracy T-and it is to be regretted that some of these people realise their am bition. The time, it may be hoped, is not far distant wlien candi dates of Mr. Anderson's stamp will have no more chance of getting into the Legislative Assembly than they will have of being translated to heaven in a fiery chariot. Even the leaders of his own party have recognised his feeble ness, for a night or two ago Mr. George Reid alluded to it in a public meeting in an apologetic manner. Tho fact that Mr. Anderson made no sign when Mr. Reid was .commenting on his lack of oratorical gifts indicated that his moral fibre is more flaccid than it should be in any true Australian. When a candidate's god father informs a public meeting that the candidate is almost absolutely defi cient in regard to one of tho principal attributes that should bo possessed by a legislator there is only one course for the candidate to follow ; he should either demonstrate that the statement is incorrect or' retire from tho contest in which he is engaged. Mr. Ander son did neither; and it would appear that, so far from being offended at Mr. Reid's insinuation, ho interpreted it as really meaning that the possession of oratorical power by a - member of the Legislature is a defect rather than a virtue. In selecting Mr. Anderson to roprcsont their cause in the contest at Redfern wo believe that the Foreign-traders obtained the best man available. This is just another way of saying that in tellect in tho Free-trade party is a rapidly diminishing quantity. And such, indeed, is tho case. A few years ago the party possessed a great pre ponderance of the political intelligence existing in the community. The strong men who were Protectionists could be counted almost on one's fingers. But a remarkable change has taken place, and now the Protectionists almost monopolise the brains. AVith one or two exceptions every journalist in the metropolis, and a largemajority in the provinces, are Protectionists. Take the Legislative Assembly, which is supposed to represent the intelligence of the country. It is true that the Free-trade members are in a majority of two or three, but everybody who has studied the House must know that with respect to political insight and general legislative ability they cannot compare with the Protectionists. Nearly all .the work in connection with the Land :Bill, which is one of the most difficult problems that the representatives have to deal with, has been performed by the Protectionist members. Hardly a Free-trade membor seems to un- derstand it, and hardly one has contributed anything of importance to the discussion 'on- the measure. A few years back Protection in this State was synonymous with political eccen tricity ; in a few years hence Free- trade will be synonymous with political imbecility. Arid fools who desire a seat in Parliament will shout Protec tion from the house-tops. What Mr. Anderson is pleased to call his political opinions is as ludicrous a hotch-potch as the ingredients in the witches' cauldron, familiar to the readers of one of the greatest of the Shaksncarian nlavs. Thev consist in reverence for Sir Henry Parkes, Messrs. M'Millan and Carruthers, and the " venerable Dan O'Connor," and they include belief in a mongrel system of Free- trade and in Local Option. It is the first time in his life that the Postmaster-General has been called venerable, but we do not think he will appreciate the distinction, for if we rhistake not he considers himself to be still very young in years. Mr. Anderson's scheme of Free-trade as we understand it, provides for the construction of locomotives in the State, but for the iinportation of iron bridges and most other manufactured commodities. It is a wonderful system. If it had been designed expressly to catch the votes of the railway men we do not know that the work could have been better performed — by Mr. Anderson. Naturally he is in favor of Local Option. Every Free- trade candidate is. From the tongues of the majority of the party the pro fession of belief in the policy runs off as glibly as water from a macintosh ; it humbugs a few enthusiasts, and it in volves no sacrifice on the part of the professors. Mr. Anderson maybe more sincere in this l-espect than some people who could be mentioned, but it is clear that he is not prepared to go the whole length demanded by the apostles of local option. He said that he would not approve of compensation being given to houses that were proved to have been badly conducted. The inference is that he would give com pensation to houses that had been properly managed, but which had been closed by a plebiscite vote. : Unhappy Mr. Anderson ! The old proverb about the two stools applies in his case. And the candidate also intends- to maintain, the . Public Instruction Act in its integrity. That is assuring. After such a pronouncement Sir Henry Parkes may retire into .private life with the conviction that the payment by results system will never be estab lished in New South AVales as long as Mr. Anderson is in the land of the living. Had the candidate's motive for raising the education ghost any afiinity ivith his motive for declaring that, although lie ' was a thorough Free-trader, ho approved of the loco motives' being manufactured in the State 1 AVe ask the question simply to obtain information, and we shall be glad if -Mr. Anderson answers it. So far as we know, Mr. Anderson is a worthy citizen; lie is esteemed, we believe, in the Redfern electorate, but assuredly he has not sufficient political know ledge to qualify him for: occupying a seat in Parliament, and, therefore; it would be cruel to himself and unfair to the country to ' make him a member of that institution. 