THE UNIQUE BOOK. Bv D. SiiEiniAx, D.D. The Bible is at once divine and human. In an eminent sense it is God's Book. It is the receptacle of his truth. Iu it we, find, an admirable record of his plans aud purposes, of his love and grace, of his marvelous providence, and more marvelous redemption through his Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, reaching on through tvpe and shadow and prophecy,aa well as the plainer teaching of the Saviour himself. Christ is the central bond, uniting the first with the last, the Ede.n of tho first pair whose sin marked a forfeiture of their high estate, to the better p;iradise floating in the \isn.n of the Se»r of Patmos. In the volume these truths lie as reins of gold and silver in the quartz rock, hidden treasures of knowlege and wisdom, With much, on tho surface, open to the eye of the humblest Christian, to tho unlettered man, to the child even, there are also depths never yet fathomed by the plummet of the profoundest tbeol igian or philosopher. It is a book unrivalled for deptii of thought, breadth of view, elevation of purpose, spiritual insight,and com- prehensiveness, in all tho literatures of the world. Such a book, so many- sided, so dee)) and high, embodying such rare features, and rising so far above tho high-water mark oi human attainment, can not be tho product of unaided human genius. La a result so unusual, so amazing, a supernatural factor must be recognized. Without the recognition cf a divine element, the record will prove quiLo inexplicable. At the same time the Bible is one ofthemost human of bunks. It; camo out of the heart and life of man, aud speaks back to his inmost nature. Tho truth did rot conns down from heaven and lomaiua foreign substar.co in the soul of man ; the prophet, iu giving forth his uiessago for tho instruction and guidance of the race, first ate tho roll, and its contents were digested and became thoroughly incorporated with his own being. Tho message became, as it were, a part i.f tho man; the thoughts of God became his thoughts ; too fountain oL his soul wan tilled wnh inspiration, light and truth of the infinite ; and then, from the fullness of this inspired consciousness, he uttered forth the deep things of Cod. The truth of Gud.be fore going forth to hless mankind, like the Master himself, became, incarnate in tho consciousness of mm, so that, it could speak in human accents and to human susceptibilities. Touched by tho invisible forces, the prophet realized, in his intuital and moral faculties, an iui xplic.ib'e quick.-ni;; , an added intensity of feeling aud too light, an emergence, as it were, into a purer atmosphere, a more intense light, a ne-v 'world of consciousness. The change was in himself. The message seemed not to come from abov?, but to well up fr.'m the depths of his own nature. To change tho figure, the inspiration ivas felt by the prophet or apostle as a iiro shut up iu tho hones, intense, pervasive, and ever bursting into flame. In language, figure, and modes of thought, tho Bible is a human book. Moved by the Holy Ghost, the inspired writer spake in the language uf men, and for tho edification of men, using therefore the various faculties of the mind, understanding, reason, will, passim), affection, and imagination. Asa man to men, is the mode of the inspired instructor, dealing iu history, biography, incident; in doctrine, aphorism, and moral statement ; i'n prophecy, parable and eong, No liumau speech was foreign to him. What was best adapted to convey his great thoughts, emotions, inspirations, so as to inform, rouse, mould, and new fashion men, was his chosen vehicle. In its ada ptat ions tc the tastes, needs and aspirations of men, the Bible is an eminently human book. Man demands variety ; the Bible is a divine-human miscellany, with a central thought, illustrated by something from every field of study and research—geography, history, story, parable, aud incident. Man loves nature,and reposes on her breast; tho Bible sets forth nature aa the mirror of the divine. Man needs instruction in duty, redemption, and destiny ; the Biblo is an electric light thrown on the human landscape. Above all, the Bible ministers to the aspirations of man for what is spiritual, pure, high, and eternal, flashing out into the mysterious, invisible state, so obscure to natural vision,yet so near to us, aud so intimately bound up with our mortal condition. Who but a divine teacher could have constructed a book BO adapted to our high need ? 