Tli© Mystery of the Drown Was tliere a Doable Suicide ? details of tlie Great Tragedy. The Berlin correspondent of the Glas gow Herald and the Brussels correspon dent of the Daily Chronicle send details of the versions current on the Continent aB to the way in which the Crown Prince Budolph met his death,' Mow the Prince west Mad. Crown Prince 'Rudolph, according to the Glasgow Herald,, had for the last three years at least been living In a bad way. Bis disappointment at having no son first estranged hfm from his wife, his infideli ties completed the separation, and. gradu ally it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached to each other, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Crown ^Prince took to drinking in excess. He had never been", of strong constitution. Of slight bnild and nervous, lymphatic temperament, highly imaginative and excitable, he could not stand wine. He lost Interest in the literary pursuits and artistic studies which had been his delight during the happy days of his union with the Crown Princess Stephanie, and he was alwayB craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-Bhooting and deer-stalking. He was frequently seen with a flushed face. He took pleasure more and more in low society, and became smitten with a fond ness for ghost Btories and spiritualism. The end of this was that he got haunted with the fear that he might become mad, like Louis II. of Bavaria. On his mother's side he had some of the Wittelsbach blood In his veins, and he wa3 constantly staring at the portrait of the Royal Innatic, his kinsman, which was hung on a wall of his study. Tiie Bareness Marie. He had an Intrigue with a Baroness Marie von V——, says the Daily Chronicle, a young lady of 21, and one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to an old Czech family, and was the niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the Baroness Marie and the Crown Prince began some months ago, at the house of the Countess Larlsch. This increased the estrangement between Prince Rudolph and the Crown Princess Stephanie, and the Prince scarcely made a Becret of his determination to obtain a divorce. In this he counted confidently upon receiving the assistance of the Em peror, if for no other reason than on account of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself—as he undoubtedly Is—very attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his unmarital conduct. _ On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible scene between th8 Crown Prince and his wife. The Arch duchess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Crown Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Crown Prince that he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, " yon will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals." At the same time, however, the Emperor cautioned the Crown Princc- ss to be more patient with her husband. The infuriated Archduchess turned upon his Majesty with the German proverb "2 he apple doeB not fall far from the tree," which means " Your son is but a chip of the old block." This was unjust, for the Emperor Francis Joseph has never been a Lothario. He made no answer to his daughter-in-law's insult. Ills Last Appearance In Public. _ The Crown Prince .was seen for the last time In public at Princess Reuss's recep tion on that same Sunday evening. ,He was then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. The next morn ing his father sent for him and repeated what he had said on the previous day, but with more peremptoriness, adding that he would give the Crown Prince a week in which to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Archduke Rudolph got very angry and left his father without kissing h!s hand, according to Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyer ling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling In a two-horsed cab driven by a man named Bratfisch. It Is remarkable that the Crown Princ8 having so many carriages of his own should have driven out from Vienna for the last time in a cab. But BratfiBch was a noted. singer of comic songs, and the Prince wanted to make merry in his company. On Tuesday night the Prince dined ■with Count Joseph Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of cham pagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was sum moned into sing to him. The Crown Prince, Hoyos, and Bratfisch remained up to gether till 3 In the morning, but during the intervals between Bratfiach's songs the Prince several times left the dining room, and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. the slngnlar company separated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. The Gamekeeper Stery. From this point the stories differ, the Glasgow Herald telling the gamekeeper story, and making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness M but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy. Of Portuguese extraction, and of fiery temper, she drove down to Meyerling on Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Crown Prince's departure from Vienna. She had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse to gether. On reaching Meyerling Bhe in sisted on seeing the Prince. The inter view which he had with his excitable lady love quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, declared that her shame would soon become public, and -ended by say ing that unless the Crown Prince would take her openly under his protection and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. The Crown Prince was so frightened thathe dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, bnt proposed that she should re main for the night at Meyerling. She was accordingly Installed in. the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Grotschka. At night the Crown Prince slipped ont and went to the game keeper's lodge to his .sweetheart. At this hour an undertaker called Weider Irg was going his night round of the caBtle grounds. Weiderlng had orders to call the head keeper at 6, and at the hour appointed went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loadedgun slung 'over.hls back. Suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house, he heard a window at the Bide of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Crown Prince was in the house he ran round, Baw a man scampering away in the dark, shouted to him to stop, and the next Instant fired. The man dropped, hit In the shoulder. Weiderlng hurried up, and th8 Crown Prince Struggling to his feet gasped out—"I am Archduke Rudolph; Pm hit; lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swooned at -this moment, just as he reached the window where the ..girl, whom -he,"hadleft a! few »minutes: before jwas atandhlg.' Weiderlng appeared then to have called out "-in his distraction that ha had killed the Crown Prince, npon which the girl with drew with a dismayed shriek and swal lowed the contents of a bottle of poison which Bhe had brought with her. It is not certain if the Prince knew what she had done. The only sure thing I3 that recovering quickly from his swoon, he ordered Weldering again to help him walk to the Scblo3s, and gave him the strictest injunctions to hold Jhia tongue. The prince then went home, and shortly after waB found lying dead and drenched with blood. Ke was lying half out of the bed, and there was a revolver on the floor. 3T3ie Suicide of the Baroness. According to the Daily Chronicle, the gamekeeper's story is all false, The truth is as followsWhen the Crown Prince went to Meyerling the Baroness Marie disappeared, leaving a note for her mother, in which Bhe Bald she was going to drown herself in the Danube; The terrified mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause enquiries to be made. Detectives were accordingly placed upon the track of the young lady, and on the following day they made the discovery that she was Btaying with the Crown Prince at Meyerling. 4 Count Taaffe con veyed this information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter dated Meyerling, in which the yonthful baroness announced that Bhe and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. The Prince had promised her marriage as soon as he obtained his divorce from the Crown Princess, and when he informed her that this was now impossible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Crown Prince. When Loschek, the valet of the Crown Prince, entered the bedroom In the morning, after having vainly knocked for admittance, he found the bodies of both lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone, he carried that of the baroness into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Hoyos, on being summoned by Lo3chek, entered the bedroom they only saw the body of the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, a3 was 'reported to the Emperor. On being informed of hi3 son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, "1 would rather have lo3t a province than this disgrace should have befallen me." 4 