THE DEATH SHIP A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY: W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.; &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXIV.--THE GALE BREAKS. On the sixth day, during dinner, Vander- decken said we had seen the worst of the storm. There was a small lull in the wind, and a faintness sifting up, so to speak, from behind the peaks and valleys of the horizon into the sky all around, like a very dim awning of fair weather innumerable leagues distant yet. "I shall be glad to see the sun again," said Imogene. "Let us get quit of these waters," exclaimed Vanderdecken moodily, and often dropping his knife and fork to take his beard in both hands and stroke it with a fixed look in his eyes, which would have made you swear he beheld a vision, and we shall have so very much sun every day climbing higher and higher, until it hangs right over our mastheads like a flaming shield, so that the coolness of the Biscayan Sea and the entrance of the English Channel shall be sweet as drink to a dry man." "Pray, mynheer," said I, "how far to the eastwards do you suppose this gale has driven us?" He looked at me with a sudden temper in his face, as if he would crush me for daring to ask. Nevertheless, he answered, but with a deep thrill in the rich tremble of his voice, "About 150 leagues, sir; and what of that?" "Ay, and what of that?" exclaimed Van Vogelaar, who had turned a scowling eye on me on my asking this, question. "Why, nothing, gentlemen," I answered, warned by the violet eyes that dwelt upon me to slide out of this matter as quickly as I could. "The ground to be recovered is not great, and a pretty little south-east wind should float us, with square yards, round the cape in three or four days." Vanderdecken made no response; his eyes fell away from me to the table, at which he gazed in the posture of one who dreams waking. Van Vogelaar, on the other hand, continued to stare at me for a long minute, which, as he sat on my right hand, and consequently had to turn his head and hold his face towards me, proved a very severe trial to my temper, insomuoh that I could have beaten him for his insolence. It was as Vanderdecken had said, the gale had broken, and we might look for a clear sky presently, yet the sea still ran fearfully high, and the wash and weltering of it along the sea line that was now indifferently clear, suggested a vast sierra whose sides beyond were in sun- shine, whilst over our trucks lay the sombre twilight of the tempest. There was still a fine rain in the air, though not such as to cloud the ocean, but I was so fascinated by the picture of the Flying Dutchman's fight with the mighty combers which rolled at her from the north and west, that I lingered gazing, till I was pretty near as soaked, as when I had been fished up and brought aboard. But a sailor makes no trouble of a wet jacket so long as he has a dry shirt for his back, which I had, thanks to Vanderdecken, who had been so good as to lend me several shifts of linen. I do not know that I ever saw or heard of a ship that threw from her such bodies of foam as did this vessel. She would rise at the sea buoyantly enough, yet at every leap to the windward for a giddy sliding swoop into the hollow, she hurled an enormous space of seeth- ing and spitting and flashing froth many fathoms from her, into which she would sink as though it were snow, and so squatter, as it is termed, and lie there whilst you might count to 10 or 15, ere rising out of if to the irresist- ible heave of the next leviathan sea. By 7 o'clock that night the gale was spent, and there was then blowing a quiet breeze from the west-south-west. The swell rolled slowly from the quarter from which the wind had stormed, and caused the Braave to wallow most nauseously, but she grew a hit steadier, after they had shaken the reefs out of the courses and made sail on her. I watched this busimess with deep interest. Vanderdecken, standing on the poop, gave his orders to Van Vogelaar, on the quarter-deck. The sailors went to work with true Dutch phlegm; and de- liberateness; taking plenty of time to unknot the reef-points, then carrying the fore and main jeers to the capstan, and walking round without a song, sullen and silent. There was no liveliness —none of the springing and jump- ing and cheerful heartiness you would expect in a crew who, after battling through six days of black winds and lashing seas, were now looked down upon by a heaven of stars, shining gloriously among a few slowly moving clouds. After a little Vanderdecken went below, and presently returned, bringing Imogene with him. On the poop it was all darkness save for the phosphorescence in the ship and the sea fire over the side. The captain and the lady came close, before I distinguished them. "Fair weather at last, Mr. Fenton!" she exclaimed, after peering to make sure of me, and then stopping so as to oblige Vander- decken to stop too, for he had her arm in his, and I think he meant to walk to and fro the deck with her. "Yes," I replied, "Heaven is merciful. Such another six days I would not pass through for the wealth in this ship." "Pray speak in Dutch, sir, that I may follow you," said Vanderdecken, with a certain stern and dignified courtesy. "If I could converse with ease, mynheer," said I, "I should speak in no other language aboard this vessel. As it is, I fear you do not catch half my meaning." "Oh, yes! you are intelligible, sir," he answered; "though you sometimes use words which sound like Dutch, but signify nothing." "Nothing to you, my friend," thought I, "but I warrant them of good currency in the Amsterdam of to-day." In short his language was to mine, or at least to the smattering I had of the Batavian tongue; what the speech of a man of the time of Charles II. would be to one of this century— not very wide asunder, only that one would now and again introduce an obsolete expression, whilst the other would occasionally employ a term created years after his colloquist's day. "But it pleases me, captain, to speak in my own tongue," said Imogene. "I should not like to forget my language." "It will be strange if you forget your language in a few months, my child!" he answered with a slight surprise. A sudden roll of the ship causing the great mainsail to flap, he started, looked around him and cried out, with a sudden anger in his deep voice, to the steersman, "How is the ship's head?" "North by east," was the answer. "We want no easting," he cried out again, with the same passion in his voice, and strode with vehemence to the binnacle, where stood Antony, Arents, who had charge of the deck, and who had gone to view the compass on hearing the skipper call. "This will not do!" I heard the captain say, his deep tones rumbling into the ear as though you passed at a distance a church in which an organ was played. "By the bones of my father, I'll not have her break off! Sweat your braces, man. Take them to the capstan! If we spring our masts and yards for it, she'll have to head nothing east of north!" There was a fierce impetuosity in his speech that made the delivery of it sound like a sus- tained execration. Arents went forward and raised some cries. I could see the figure of Vanderdecken black against the stars, up and down which he slided with the heave of the ship. He was motionless, close to the binnacle, and I could imagine the stormy rise and fall of his broad and powerful chest under his folded arms. The watch came aft to the braces and strained at them. It was a shadowy scene. There were none of those songs and choruses which seamen used to keep time in their pull- ing and hauling and to encourage their spirit withal. The boatswain, Jans, was on the fore- castle, attending the fore, Arents stood on the quarter-deck. Occasionally, one or the other shouted out an order which the dim concavities on high flung down again out of their billows, as though there were ghosts aloft mocking at these labours. You saw the pallid shinings writhing about the feet of the sailors, and the sharper scintillations of the woodwork where- ever it was chafed by a rope. When they had trimmed, but not yet with the capstan, Arents called to the captain, who returned an answer implying that the ship had come up again, and that the trim as it was would serve. Where- upon the men stole out of sight into the darkness forward, melting into blackness as do visions of a slumberer into the void of deep and dreamless rest. Arents re- turned to the poop and stood near the captain, who held his place with the en- tranced stirlessness I was now accustomed to see in him. But, no doubt, his eyes were on the needle, and had I dared approach, I might have beheld a fire in his eyes keener than the flame of the mesh with which the binnacle was illuminated. "You would know him as one not of this world," said I to Imogene, "even if he should pass you in a crowd." "There are some lines in the book of poetry downstairs which fit him to perfection," she answered. "Thou hast a grim appearance, and thy face Bears a command in it; though thy tackle's torn. Thou show'st a noble vessel." "Ay," said I, "they are wonderfully pat; they might have been made for him." "Here are others," she continued. "He has I know not what, Of darkness in his looks and of high fate, That almost awes me. And when his moods change these verses are always present: — "Read'st thou not something in my face that speaks Wonderful change and horror from within me?" She put a tragic note into her voice as she recited; the starlight was in her eyes; and they were fixed on me; her face whitened out to the astral gleaming till you saw her hair throbbing on her forehead to the blowing of the wind. She continued: "I could quote a score of passages marvel- lously true of the captain and his fellows, serving indeed as revelations to me, so keen are the eyes of poets. And little wonder," says she with a sigh, "for what else have I had to read but that book of poverty?" "Just now," said I, "he asked if you thought it likely you should lose your language in a few months. This plainly shows that he supposes he met with you in his passage from Batavia— that is his last passage. Now since his finding you dates nearly five years back, and you tell me he has only memory for what hap- pened within the past few months, how does it fall out that he recollects your story— which he certainly does, for he asked me if you had related it to me?" "It must be," she answered, "because he is constantly alluding to it in speaking of the reception his wife and daughters will give me. It is also impressed upon him by my presence by my frequent asking him to put me on board a homeward-going ship, and so it is kept in his mind as a thing constantly happening, con- tinually fresh." "Suppose I should stay in this ship for six months; never speaking of the Saracen nor re- calling the circumstances of my coming on board, you believe his memory would drop the fact, and that he would view me as one who happened to be in the ship, and that's all, his minding stopping at that?" "How he would view you I cannot say; but I am certain he would forget how you came here, unless there was incessant reference to the Saracen and to her men shooting at Von Vogelaar. But time would bear no part in this sort of recollection; he would still be living in the year of God 1653, and sailing home from Batavia; and if he thought at all, he'd imagine it was in that year that you came on board his ship." Meanwhile the giant figure of the Dutch captain stood motionless near the binnacle; close to him was the second mate, himself like a statue. The tiller-tackles, grasped by the helmsman, swayed him with every blow of the sea upon the rudder, yet even his move- ments had a lifelessness in them that was as apparent as though the man had been stricken dead at his post, and swung there against the dancing stars. A quick jerk of the ship causing Imogene to lose her balance, she grasped my arm to steady herself by, and I took care she should not re- lease me. Indeed, from almost the first hour of our meeting, there had been a yearning to- wards me, a wistfulness of a mute sort under- lying her demeanour, and this night I found assurance of it by her manner, that was not indeed clinging, having more of nestling in it, as if I was her refuge, her one hope. She may have guessed I loved her. I cannot tell. My eyes may have said much, though I had not spoken. But there was that in her as she stood by my side, with her hand under my arm, that persuaded me her heart was coming to mine, and haply, more quickly because of our sole mortality amid the substantial shadows of the Death Ship's crew. You felt what that bond meant, when you looked around you, and saw the dimly looming figure of Vanderdecken be- side the compass, the ghostly darkness of the second mate's form, the corpse-like swaying of the helmsman, as of a hanging body moved by the wind, and thought of the amazing human mysteries lost in the darkness forward or slumbering in the hammocks, if, indeed, sleep was ever permitted to visit eyes which death was forbidden to approach. It was as if Imogene stood on one side of a grave, I on the other, and clasped hands for the courage we found in warm and circulating blood, over a pit filled with a heart-freezing sight. "We shall escape yet— fear not!" said I, speaking out of the heat of my own thoughts as though we were conversing on that subject. "May our Saviour grant it!" she exclaimed. "See how black the white water around the ship makes her in spite of the strange fires which glow everywhere!" I felt her shiver as she cried. "The vessel seems to grow more terrible to my fancy. It may be, because we have talked so much of her, and your views of Vanderdecken and the crew have raised terrifying speculations in me." "We shall escape yet!" I repeated hotly, for the very sense of our imprisonment and the helplessness of our condition for the time being, that might be long in terminating, was a thought so maddening that I felt in a temper to defy scorn and spit in the face of the very Devil himself, was he to appear. But I had her right hand pressed to my heart, I was sure she felt the comfort of it, and together for some time in silence we stood viewing the ship, the fabric of whose hull stood out as though lined with India ink upon the ashen tremble of froth that seemed to embrace her length like shadowy-white arms, as the wind blowing mildly into her sails forced her to break the water at her stern as she slided athwart the swell. I clasped my brow with bewilderment in my brain. "Surely," I cried to my companion, "I am dreaming. It cannot be that I at this moment am standing on the deck of the Death Ship!" "We must have patience, courage, and hope, Mr. Fenton," she said, softly. "Look at that starry jewel yonder," and she turned, up her face to the cross that hung above the mizzen topmast head, gleaming very gloriously in a lake of deep indigo betwixt two clouds. "It shines for me! and often have I looked up at it with full eyes and a prayer in my heart. It shines for you too. It is the emblem of our redemption, and we must drink in faith that God will succour us from it." She continued to gaze at it, and there was sheen enough to enable me to see a tender smile upon her upturned face . How sweet did she then appear, fairer than the "evening's air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars," as the poet wrote. I looked up to that sparkling cross and thought how strange it was that the sentence pro- nounced upon this ship should doom her to sail eternally over waters above which there nightly rises the lustrous symbol of compassion and mercy. "Take my arm, my child; it is chilly work standing," said the deep voice of the captain. Again had he come upon us unawares, but this time he found us silent together gazing at the cross of stars. She withdrew her hand quickly from my arm and took his, showing wisdom in her promptness, as I was quick to see. Then, being alone, I went to the quarter- deck and fell to walking briskly. For Vander- decken was right, the wind came bleak. [To be Continued on Monday.] 