THE JACKDAW OF ? tHEItIS. "Tune miser Corvus ad onsceonsct timulls compuactus fult, ct facrtio cum tantoprO ex Tarnuchvit, ut cxiode tabcscerc inciperct, maclam contaiheret, omnem cibum avcrsarctur, nee amphs crocitarct: peon., ,rdterca as doefuebaut, t alis pendulis dmncs facetias intcermisit, et tamrn maer appaeutt ut omntes jus mtsercsccrent," "Tune albas eaerdotibus nanmdavit ut rruors fure abotvrecunt: qua facto, Ceor?a, omnibua mirnutibue, procddicm couvaluit. ct pristinnm onl tatem rccuperavit" e lhrr~t. Ord. Cistere. That Jackdaw sat on the Cardinal's chair ! hishop and abbot, and prior were there; Many a monk, and many a frilr, Many a knigaht, and many a Cquiro, With a great many tuore of lesser degre- In sooth a goodly company ; And they served the Lord Primate on beaded knee. Never, I ween, Woa a prouder seen, Read of in books, or dreamt of in dreams, Than the Cardinal Lord Archbishop of Itheimrl ! In and out Through the motley rout That little Jackdaw kept hopping about; Here and there Like a dog in a fair, Orer comfits and cates, And dishes and plates, Cowl and cope, and rochet and pall, Mitre and crosier I he hopp'd upon all ! With a saucy air, He perched on the chair Where, in state, the great Lrd Calrdinal eat In the great Lord Cardinal's great red hat ; And he per'd in the face Of his Lrdship's Grace, With a satisfied look, as if he would say, " We two are the greatest folks here to-day ! " And the priests, with awe, As such freaka they saw, Said, " The Devil must be in that little Jack claw !" The feast was over, the board was clear'd, The flawns and the custards had all disop pear'd, And six little Singing-boys-dear little souls ! In nice clean faces, and nice white stoles, Came, in order due, Two by two, Marching that grand refectory through ! A nice little boy held a tolden ewer, Emboss'd and fill'd with water, as pure As any that flows between Rheims and Namur, Which a nice little bay stood ready to catch In a fine golden hand-basin made to match. Two nice little boys, rather mire grown, Carried lavender-water, and cau de Cologne; And a nice little boy had a nice cake of soap, Worthy of washing the hands of the Pope. One little boy more A napkin bore, Of the beat white diaper, fringed with pink, And a Cardinal's Hat mark'd in "permanent ink." The great Lord Cardinal turns at the sight Of these nice little boys dresa'd all in white: From his finger he draws His costly tur quoise ; And, not thinking at all about little Jackdaws, Deposits it straight By the side of his plate, While the nice little boys on his Eminence wait; Till, when nobody's dreaming of any such thing, That little Jackdaw hops off with the ring I There's a cry and a shout, And a deuce of a rout, And nobody seems to know what they're about, But the monks have their pockets all turn'd inside out . The friars are kneeliag, And hunting, and feeling The carpet, the floor, and the walls, and the ceiling. The Cardinal diew Off each pflum.colour'd shoe, And left his rid stockiigs exposed to the view ; He peeps, aid ha feels In the toes and the heels; They turn up the dished-they turn up the plates They take up the poker and poke out the grates, -They turn up the rugs, They examine the mega : But no!-n-o such thing??- They can't find THE NaaG I And the Abbot declared that, " when nobody twigg'd it, Some rascal or other had popp'd in, and prigg'd it ! " The Cardinal rote with a dignified look, He call'd for his candle, his bell, and his book I In holy anger, and pious grief, He solemnly cursed that rascally thief ! He cursed him at board, he cursed him in bed; From the sole of his foot to the crown of his head; He cursed him in sleeping, that every night He should dream of the devil, and wake in a ftight; He curved him in eating, he cursed him in drinking, He earsed him in coughing, in sneezing, in winking; He cursed him in sitting, in standing, in lying; He cursed him in walking, in riding, in fly ing, He cursed him in living, he cursed him dying! Never was heard such a terrible curse ! But what gavre rise To no little surprise, Nobody seem'd one penny the worse ! The day was gone, The night came on, The Monks and the Friars they searched till dawn; When the Sacristan saw, On crumpled claw, Come limping a poor little lame Jackdaw I No longer gay, As on yesterday ; His feathers all seem'd to be turned the wrong His pinions droop'd-he could hardly stand, His head was as bald as the palm of your hand; His eye so dim, So wasted each limb, That, heedless of grammar, they all cried, " TaTr's ur l That's the scamp that has done thiscandalouia thing I That's the thief that has got my Lord Gardi. nal's Ring ! " The poor little Jackdlaw, When the monks he sow, Feebly gave vent to the ghost of a caw; And turn'd his bald bead, as much as to cay: "Pray, be so good as to walk this wey I " Slower and slower He limp'd on before. : Till they came to the back of the belfry door, Where the first thing they saw, MIidst the sticks and the straw, Was the roa in the nest of that little Jack dawl Then the great Lord Cardinal call'd for his b~ok, And off that terrible curse he took; The mute expreosion Served in lieu of confession, And, being thus coupled with full restitution, The Jackdaw got plenary absolution l -When those words were heard, That poor little bird Wns so changed in a moment, 'twns really absurd, lie grew sleck, and fat; In addition to that, A frc?h crop of feathers came thick as a mqt 1 lis tail waggiled more Ecen than before But no louger it wagged with nu impudent air, No lonaer he perch'd on tbhe Cardinal's chair, He hopp'd now about Withagait devout; At MIatin, at Vesperr, he never was out; And, so far from any more pilfering deeds, tie alway's seem'd telling the Confessor's beads. If any one lied-or if any one sworo Or elumber'd in prayer- time and hnppen'd to snore, That good Jackdaw Would give a great "Caw ! " A? much as to say, *'bt do so any more i " Whil? many remark'd, as his manners they Thain try "naerovr liad kdawn ssli h tion JanEkdaw;" ." He ling lived the' prdi Of thai danntim aide, Addi at last in the odour of sanctity died; When, as words were too faint, Hisihiierits to paint, The Conclave determined to make him a Sain t; And on nowly.made Saints and Popes, as Sou know, It's the custom, at Rome, new names to bestow, So they canonized him by the name of Jem Crow I 