THE MAN OF SUBPRISES. Don't yon believe tbat I am dead until I write and tell yon so.' Such were about the last words I heard Stanley speak, before he started on hie great mission of rescue. I knew why he said it, because a long time before he ted shewn me' a letter written by Living stone to, I think, his daughter, in which the great traveller thanked his correspondent for the newspapers he had jnst received, ' confirming,' he said, ' so circumstantially my death fertile seventh time.' Later still Osman Digna was killed off at least five times ; but, all the same, that truculent ex-soda-water merchant of . Suakim appears to be still alive and still as anxious as ever to flay Mr. Wylde with oyster- shells and peg him down over an anthill. And Stanley knew as well as, or better, perhaps, than anyone else, how prolific Africa or any other wild country withont organised communications is of rumours, and especially of ovil rumours, about 'the white man.' AChaka may sweep the land from the Limpopo to the sea, desolating its kraals and extirpating its tribes, and scarcely a whisper of the black Attila reaches the settlements of European nations. Bat once let a single fair-skinned traveller from among the peoples of the North be on the march, and a strange ' fear of change ' such as ' perplexes monarchs ' seems to take the land by panic," and, magnified through the mist and halo of supersti tion, the One White Man, moving through the swarthy myriads, stands out colossal. So it has been with Stanley. Ronnd him gathered all the gossip of the forest and the plain. Io the homa the talk was all of ' the Stone- Breaker,' as they called him, and the chiefs, as they sat over their jars of pombfi, sent their messengers east, west, north, and south to gather tidings of that Coming Man, whose intrepid will has shattered the great walls that have all these years hidden Africa from the eyea of Europe, and who now, like an apparition, has suddenly broken upon vuo aauuuiBiicu miiuiiu IIULU uuv <JL IUQ black, ghost-peopled depths of forest that look npoo the Great Lake. One hundred and sixty days it took him to cross it, this fearful solitude, where the elephants by their troops held the path against his advance, and from the brushwood a dreadful dwarf people spat their poisoned arrows at the pasting caravan, axes at work the whole way to clear a road, and incessant rain pattering through the matted leaves overhead on to the matted leaves noder foot. And for one hundred and sixty days Stanley was lost, and then, lo ! all of a sadden, oat from under the gloom of the trees,- out from .the untrodden land of glamour, that leafy wilderness peopled by savage beasts and venomous manaikins, which the black man dared not invade, there flashed the Man him- aeli The shell trumpets blared the alnwm fiestm wi I larva tft mllofTh atlfl fMlt. npon the green plains, and up the rag ged hills, swarmed the spearmen and the bowmen ; for the white man had come at las', and the fight had now to be fought. And bow they fought it Stanley himself has told as; and how, too, he met Emm Bey ; and had (the wretchedness of it all) he went back all alone to bring np his rearguard and found it broken up, its leaders killed or invalided, his own death already believed in, and where he ted expected the crowning assistance for complete success, all the conditions of ultimate defeat and fiasco. Yet he turned again and got safe back to "Wadelai, and, so the telegrams say, is now taking the beleaguered garrison, apd the population that has grown np round it, into safety at Zanzibar by tins It is a splendid record, and I, for one, have a peculiar and personal interest in ' the splendour of it. For while I was in Australia I had again and again to give my opinion as to .whether Stanley was alive or not. And, despite all telegrams to the contrary, I always wrote that he wae alive, that ' there was nothing in Africa that conld kill Ulul, Mill U UlJfUUV VMQS W 1UQI tu vuo Argut at Melbourne they will see that at the very time Stanley was on hiB return from Emin Bev to Barttelot'a rained camp, I said, ' He has already delivered fats letters to Emin, and is on his way back to pick np the rest of his men ; and then,' I said, and I fear, per haps, I may be. wrong here, 'he will march northward and bring as back Gordon's body from Khartoum.' Months later came news to the Anti podes of a White Pasha 'marching northward,' and I -said, ' there I told mm so. this is Stanley,' and now that I am1 home again I hear of fighting under a -white leader at Bor on the direct roadto Khartoum. Is Hub Stanley? -Why not ? I have myself sat at the table with him; and talked over a march to Khartoum. Years ago I offered, if the Daily Telegraph would Mod me, to go for that'paper to Khartoum by "myself, and Stanley strongly approved of the offer. He has- the chance now. Will he take it, this Man of Surprises? Shonld he go, what a home coming his will be Phie floBiNsoiqin the Sttndag Timm. 