liHSSI'S TflffiFfflffi.- l . V vs. \ \ r>"% -'""-V -- ' /. '. »'rr — - ' AutJiifi6r'oLAiAestoS?SnBBnce ' For Love and Chafteb XA-VlII.— A Spectse of the Past. Walter Gray waB sitting bolt upright in bed, ' staring straight Lefore'liini with wide distended eyes — eyes in which were reflected such a look of territied surprise as one might expect to see only in the orbs of those Who are gazing -on some fearful spectaclesuch as the dead arisen to Jife, or some dear one suddenly smitten with an awful death. ' r And the dead had risen to confront Walter Gray/ Only a moment or. two ago there had stood by his bedside the' form, of Alice Gray, but whether it was real flesh and blood that ho had seen or only a phantom wrought up by his disordered brain he was unable todeeide. lie was half asleep still, but the fact or fancy, whichever it might he, seemed to have burned itself into his brain. - He closed his eyes and tried to think it all a dream, he shook his head and tried to dear his mind of the impression, but the pale sweet face rose vividly before him, those big coal black eyes seemed to be yet staring into his own, and he shuddered as he remembered that he had felt, or seemed to feel, her warm breath play upon his cheek as she had bent over him ere- he started suddenly up in the bed and toe had - glided away. It was a beautiful night. in February, -and the soft moonlight was flooding the apartment. The eentre of the chamber was light as day al most, only those corners near toe window being in the, shadow, and. he almost feared to .see the object of his alarm step therefrom to again con- front him. He held his breath while he listened for the sound of hurrying feet, but nothing struck his listening ears save the soft breathing of his wife, who was fast and peacefully asleep beside hiui, and toe gentle rustle of the window draperies where the soft night air came stealing in through toe slightly dropped window. But the chamber door was wide open, and noticing it he suddenly remembered that he himself had dosed it ere retiring to rest. How had it come unopened? He knew it was im possible for almost anything save . hands to open it, for the spring catch was particularly strong, and the fearful thought grew upon him that what he had seen was not ail a dreain. Then .he remembered that someone else might have been in the room ou some theiving business, and that might account for the open door. To satisfy himself he crept quietly from the bed, so as not to disturb Lady Buth, and went to the mantlepiece on which he had placed his watch. It was there still, and on the dressing-table were several valuable trinkets belonging to her ladyship, 6o it was clear that no burglarious prowlers had been in the room. 1 "Who then had opened the door ? Hastily thrusting on his trousers he crept from the room and went downstairs. It was not quite two o'clock, and everything was gloomy and still below. The slow tick ! tick 1 " of the big case-clock standing in the entrance hall was all he could hear. He stood for a few moments in the semi- darkness at the bottom of toe staircase, and suddenly he seemed frozen into stone ; with terror, his eyes were dis tended again with that look of unutterable horror iu them, and he could neither cry nor stir from the ssot where he was rooted like a statue. There within arm's reach of him was Alice Gray again; the white face turned to his own and the deep black eyes seemed burning into him. He saw nothing but the face before him ; for aught he knew there was no body to it, for during those few terrible moment s his eyes were fixed on the well remembered countenance, and ail volition had left him. Without sound or warning of any kind the spectre had risen before him as though it had sprung from the ground at his feet ; for one or two seconds—though it seemed to him an hour — that strange white face faced his own, and then it was gone just as suddenly as if it had melted into air. For a few moments longer lie stood there spellbound, like one under toe influence of a foul nightmare, and he had to struggle fiercely before he could break the heavy icyfetters that seemed to crush down his wilL Then he was free once more, and all he could hear was the lond tick ! tick ! of the big old clock. 'My God!' he cried hoarsely, 'am I going mad, or am I still dreaming ?' He sat at toe foot of the stairs for half a minute while his brain cleared a little. Then he rose and went right along the corridor into toe furthest room, searched it, and found nothing. Every room below stairs that he found unlocked he entered and searched thoroughly, but all were empty of living or dead occupants with the exception of a cat and her ladyship's mastiff Cato.' Then he remounted the stairs thinking seriously, for the first time since attaining man hood, that the snpernatoral might not be im possible after all, and believing, now, that there were more things between heaven nd earth than he had dreamt of in his philosophy. As .he reached toe top of toe staircase ho heard the clock striking two. He had been downstairs less than ten minutes and it ha/i seemed to him hours since he had slipt out of bed. He crept back into bed without awaking Lady Buth, and he lay there thinking of his dream and his subsequent experiences. He had been dreaming a strange weird dream just before he saw, or fancied, he saw, Alice Gray standing by the bedside. He and his schoolmistress were again lovers; they were being united in a strange old church, and just as the marriage ceremony was completed a terrible demon with tail, hoof, and immense black wings had suddenly swooped in thvmigli one of toe open windows and carried off Alice Gray ; and toe face of toe demon was that of Lady Ruth's. In an instant all was changed, and he and Alice were afloat in a boat on toe river. Swans were gliding slowly in and out among the water lilies, and Walter saw Alice bending over the side to gather a flower. Suddenly he missed her, and glancing down into the clear water there he saw, far away down in the green pellucid depths, amid a forest of strange plants and a host of huge fishes, his love clutched tightly by the circling fore-leg of a monstrous crocodile that was crushing its way through toe green growth and the other slimy things. And again, as hes tared in mute motionless agony at toe horrid beast its head changed to toe fair resemblance of Lady Buto. ' Then he awoke with a sigh of relief that changed to a low sob of awe, for there, bending o vermin was toe white face of the girl he had lost in his dreams, and so close that he felt her warm breath playing on his cheek. Before he could rouse himself to move or speak the face was gone, and the room was empty. His subse quent experiences have already been related. After creeping back to bed Walter had lain for a while pondering hiB dreams, ami what had followed them, hardly knowing what was fancy and what was fact, and in his excited ft of mind it seemed possible to him then that the. Tace he hadf een tWicb>that rl «> : .'&"toe moriitng awokb raiher , later than , "Usual, and he etui looked a little heavy . Lady Buto inquired tenderly if ' he had slept WIl, and he put ah' -evasive "answer : 'which she didhbt notice, as a kiss accompanied jt. It was not likely under the circumstances that he would narrate to his wife dreairaaDout, an old sweetheartj ignd, now, that the light or day was aboutlum, and his intellect clear and . unexeited, he wfa iiicSlied„to Set down all his experience bf the previbus iught as dreams, or fancies pertai m' n gto a similar souree. , ' . But an incident of toe most toning character supplied ' confirmation strong as proofs of Holy Writ,' that ali he -remembered of thepast night was iiot fausy After putting on his trousers Walter was una bio to find one of hi3 short straps belonging to the front part of his braces. He distinctly remembered haying unbuttoned the missing Jtackle hpfqre retiring athight, but he was not able to flnd it now. Lady Ruth, had gone below, and he searched the apartment thoroughly without success.' _ . Going down to breakfast, something bright atthebottom oftlie staircase caught his eye, ainl stooping he picked up the missing 6 trap. He knew how it got there, and lie knew also that he had not dreamed of descending th® stairs in quest of some midnight prowler. It was at the bottom of the staircase that Alice Gray had appeared to him the second time, and he did not feel so certain now that every thing of the past night's experience was a dream. - After breakfast Walter went for a walk through th® park. He asked Lady Buto to ac company him, but ehe had something to attend to, and lie was glad, for he wished to be alone that morning. lie was uneasy in his mind about last night's experiences, and he wished to lie alone that lie misfit review and consider what had . transpired — what was fancy and what was fact, or whether all he remembered was pure hallucination. It was a calm, soft morning. Wintry Feb ruary was nearing its dose, aad the warmest of toe air predicted a fine spring. A soft, warm wind shook the bare limbs of the trees, and the thick brown grass, amid which a few rabbits were gamboling, drawn from their lairs by fhc. mildness of the weather, and quite un conscious of the contiguity of a deadly foe in toe shape of & hungry weasel, which was creeping slowly aud stealthily towards them. The beauty of the morning had something to do with the view that Walter ultimately took of the matter he had come to consider. Out there amid the trees and grass, with the warm sunlight beating on him and surrounded by grace,, light, and life, it was impossible to seriously believe in ghosts, and the idea that he had seen one seemed to be ridiculed by toe soft wind, waving grasses, and rustling trees. No one was less superstitious than Walter. Wis scientific training and the bent of his after studies had made him releeate all supernatural agencies to the limbo of incredibility, aud nothing short of the experiences of the previous night could have induced him to seriously con sider whether it was possible he had seen a ghost. Pondering the matter carefully, and looking at it from all sides, it seemed to him that Ills strange dreams were the cause of the phantoms he had afterwards seen. Alice Gray's face had been so vividly impressed upon his brain by the dreams that it had risen before him again toe moment he had thought of her. Even now in the broad day he could bring her face vividly before him by merely closing his eyes. This was the only conclusion he could arrive at, yet it was far from being satisfactory. He knew tbat the face he had seen while dreaming was not exactly like toe face he had seen after wards. The face of the girl who had been by his side in church and on toe lake was the calm, pale face of his old schoolmistress, whilst the face he had seen bent over toe bedside and at the foot of the stairs wore a strange, wild look, and instead of of the soft masses of carls clustering about temple and brow which he remembered so well, toe hair of toe spectre, phantasm, or whatever it might be, was unkempt and straggling, and even the face had seemed unclean. This difference of aspect meant much, for Walter . argued to himself that if the face he had seen by his bedside and again at the bottom of the staircase were a phantasm only, then it ought to have been exactly similar to toe face he had seen in his dreams and as he remembered it of old. And there also remained the fact of toe open door, and no feat of even toe most powerful imagination could account for that. In the end Walter saw that it would be useless to attempt arriving at a full and satisfactory explanation of the matter. He was unwilling, nay, unable to believe that he had seen a ghost, and nothing short of such a belief would permit him to account for all that had transpired. So he attempted to dismiss the unpleasant affair from his thoughts, but was scarcely- able to do so. He found that his thoughts persisted in straying back to the events of the preceding night, and he shuddered as he remembered the nameless horror that had smitten him dumb and powerless when that white-faced spectre or phantasm had. so suddenly arisen before him, Beturning to the Priory shortly before noon Walter found a telegram from Torleigh await- in tr Tiim. Tt war RhnvL a.nri t?ti fAllnTirs — — " w» "J W AVWffW. 'Pits all stopped here. Men on strike — David Mokgax.' Wondering what was wrong at Torleigh, and why one of his miners, instead of his manager, had informed him of toe matter, Walter resolved to run down to. .Lancashire and see. He had nothing of importance to attend to at home, and toe journey would perhaps drive aM . thoughts of dreams and ghosts from his mind. So he decided to set out that afternoon after lunch. Inquiring for Lady Buto he was told she was in toe old room, and he went to tell her of his intention of visiting Torleigh. Her ladyship had two rooms, devoted to her own special uses, and they were known commonly as the old and the red rooms. The first named was one of fhq oldest in toe Priory, and whilst almost all the other- apartments had been altered to suit modern taste, this chamber had been left un touched, and its fine old wainscotting was said to he several centuries old. There was a fine oriel window looking west, and was one of her ladyship's favourite rooms; when Waiter was out or away, much of -her time was spent there reading or writing, for it appeared from her own observations to her husband that toe world might be startled some day by a great romance from her pea. The red room was toe lovely lojtus-land in which her ladyship loved to lounge with her mate, passing toe hours in dalliance sweet, and , With half-shut yes ever to seem Falling asleep in a holy dream ! To dream and to dream. The room owed its tinted appelation to toe colour of its garniture, all toe hangings, drape ries, carpet, and upholstery being in different shades of crimson, and the apartment was well suited to the sybaritic tastes and dark wondrous beauty of the syren, vgho had made it her love- den. There ; her splendid voice breathed forth love'B tenderest ditties for toe sols delectation of her lord. / : . > Wuiter maSb his way to the ld rinf yrtdcb wis iphvegreurid swr Priory, but hefoimd the door fat, oftenfastened the dbor when she y her Ji loosely scattered about the desk, of the servants might displace ordestrqy lb thinking tbe domestic had been mistaken In the apartment he went to the red rooiil expecting find his wife there. _ - o; 'But the chamber was empty, nordid it appear that her ladyship had been there tliat morning, for the piano Was closed, and not a ®00;i>n couch- out of its place on shelf or by the wall where the chambermaids would persist in putting them. Thinking Lady Ruth had gone out for a short stroll, unnoticed by the servants, he was going to his own room, when, meeting his wife's maid he asked if her mistress had come in yet, and was surprised to hear that her ladyship had not been out that "mornmg, an<l that she was then in the old room, having been there most of the morning. - , , Going to the old room again, Walter, found the door still closed, but it opened to his bund, and there, in a deep easy-chair in the window, WAS Lady Ruth reading, or preteudiyg to read, Swinburne's ' Chaste lard . ' As he entered she looked up, saying: — , ' Ah, Walter, just listen to this,' and she read about a dozen lines, ending thus — Then there was some low, fluttered talk! the lips, Faint sound of fierce, soft words caressing them — Like a fair woman when her love gets way. Ah ! your old kiss- — I know toe ways of it ; Let the lips ding a little ; take them off And speak some words, or I go mad with love. Isn't that . bit delicious dear ?' she asked, putting down toe book and going to him. No poet is able to interpret love in all its phases — _ A_ - - J IW ir, as T 4hinlr lvS bUlULUllU Uttiti eta OWIUUUIAIC JO- X wunnj dear, that he must have loved someone — as I love vou.' 'I "doubt it, Ruth,' he said, kissing the red lips held up to him and smiling. ' Now, won't you admit that he is rather too warm at times, and now and again guilty of iteration and reiteration ? Don't all his women have beautiful passionate bodies, heavy white limbs, Hps full of lust and laughter, cruel red mouths, like venomous flowers, whose kisses bite and burn ?' ' He only makes all his women beautiful, as all women oaglit to be, and he hut gives full play to the passion inherent in every woman, but only developed in a few — Well, did you enjoy your walk ? ' Yery much, and I think you might have accompanied me, fori believe you've only been dozing here all the morning.' My dear, I've been working,' she reptied, pointing to some sheets of MS. lying on her desk. But I was here a few minutes ago and the door was fastened, and I beHeve you were dozing, for I knocked without disturbing you. ' Well, I admit the crime — did you get that telegram?' It came soon after you went out ; I expect it is nothing to take yon away r ' The telegram is from Torleigh, and, singu larly enough, it has not been sent by Mr. Fair- hurst, the manager, but by one of "the miners, David Morgan, the father of the poor fellow who was killed. The pits are stopped and toe men are on strike it seems, and it is remarkable that Fairhurst has not informed me of it. I am thinking of running over there after lunch, and I shall most likely get back before dinner. You know this Fairhurst is the new manager whom Iappointed when Mr. Birley resigned, audi fear he is too harsh with the men. I have been prejudiced against him for some time, and the men dislike him I know.' 8 Then why did you appoint him ? ' 4 Well, the man is clever enough, understands the mines thoroughly, having worked there many years, and he has worked hard to qualify himself for the post, and was next to Birley, I gave him the place, thinking he would take a hint from me and try to make himself popular with the workmen.' It was still early in the afternoon when Walter reached Torleigh. The railway ran past toe collieries, and he saw that the great pulleys hung motionless over toe pits, and that little work of any sort was going on. The station was half-a-mile or so from the collieries, and on alighting it occurred to Walter to call on old 4 DatF Morgan, toe sender of toe telegram, as he would have to walk past his door oa his way to the pits. Old Daff' Morgan was one of Walter's old est and favourite workmen, having worked for his uncle a long while, and he was one of those sturdy-minded, respectable, unlearned fellows found not infrequently among his class. Even as a lad Walter had liked the old miner, and since the death of his son he had treated the old fellow generously. Beaching the house Walter found the door open, and he walked without ceremony into the clean Httle _ kitchen, with its spotless floor sprinkled with fine red sand. Mrs. Morgan was busy getting 4 bagmn' ready— as the after noon meal is termed in Lancashire — when Walter entered and inquired for her husband. 4 Daff' was in the back yard busy among his pigeons, and he did ' not seem very much sur prised by the sight of his visitor. Walter took a cup of tea with the old folk, and presently he asked what was up at toe collieries. 4 Hannot yo' seen Hester Fair'u'st ?' asked toe old miner. 4 No, I have only just come from the station, and I dropped in to see why you had sent me word of the stoppage. I hadn't heard of it before I received your telegram this morning. How long have the pits been idle ?' 8 On'y sin' yister morninV 4 It's strange Fairhurst didn't send me word.' Saply de didn't want yo' to know abeaut urn bein stopt, but ah meant tellin' yo', mid ah thowt yo'd be here sometime to-day. Waiter sat sipping his tea, while Morgan, in his quaint Lancashire tongue, narrated the origin of the strike. It appeared that toe manager had tried to. reduce toe w&oes; of a miner named Kirke, and toe men had Struck in a body against it, fearing that it was only the torn edge of toe wedge, and their wages also would be reduced if they permitted it. This was toe ostensible reason of the strike, but it seemed that toe manager was greatly detested by toe miners, as he was always fining some of them heavily for all sorts of petty offences. But it appeared from Morgan's tale that toe manager had been' persecuting Kirke for Borne months, wishing to drive him away from Hie place, that Kirke was a successful rival, having won many years before a pretty milliner wito whom Fairhurst had been in love; and it seemed that the manager was now paving off the debt of hatred he owed toe man who had married his sweetheart. _ rB story tallied somewhat with Jack Mathas's case, for it was Fairhurst who had driven hhn to America, and Walter resolved to get rid of toe manager at once if, on inxestiga- hrai, ho Amoraed old Morgan's story tobe true. Getting Eirke's address from old 4 Daff' Waiter went there, and what toe miner told him corresponded in every way with what he had previously heard. In every possible wavFSIr v ' sP% on Khker fihing l him repeatedly; throwing him idle by eioppfol teepeiiee getting coal. Thenre Walt went fo Tiia manager why! h«r notheen informed ofthe stoppage of the cpBfenes. The amS received was taost unsatisfactoiy, and Walter t rid Fiurhuret what he had heard of hu persecuting Kirke. Guilt showed itself itt confused speech mid heated face of the manager despite his vehement denial of the charge' Walter was satisfied of its truth, still he went to' the other officials at the colliery, who might be assumed to be independent witnesses ofthe matter, and from them he obtained confirma tion, of the - story Morgan and Kirke had narrated. The "same evening the manager received notice of dismissal, and Walter returned to Aldayne. But before leaving Torleigh he called upon Jsck Mathas's relatives to inquire how he was getting on, according to his letters, and he was pleased to heir that Jack was iliinkiuff of returning iu a month or two. Then it struck Walter that he had now a capital opportunity of doing something for his old friend. In a month a new manager would be required for toe Torleigh collieries, and no one was better fitted for such a position than Jack Mat, has, for apart from his cleverness as a miner, he was intimately acquainted with every one of the Torleigh mines, as he had worked iu toem for many years as a boy and man. Glad of toe opportunity to do Jack a good turn, he obtained his address in order that lie might write to him, and after dinner the same evening, he penned and despatched a missive to "Virginia City, bidding Mathas to get back as quickly as possible to claim toe managership of toe Torleigh collieries. When be penned that letter he had naught in view but the benefiting of a friend ; he never dreamt that Jack Mathas's return to England would be toe first step towards the unravelling of a long tangled chain of mystery aad sin, (to be ogxtejjced.j Published by special arrangement with toe author 