>'), Russia and Persia. ' /Iter mail)' weeks past (voinai'kt) the St. of' tho .'/Vh/cs mi Docciiibor , J-,) the .'.-Russian? Press lias -novor- ceaaeil to bewail Z tlio un- expected rise to ..'predominance of England's' iriflueiieo ah tho expiiriso pi Russia's in Tqheyan. - /J'his fooling bin, now producod a vigorous Press attaoli (in. /England, , Pqrsiii, ,,'aud tho,' Russiiii- Foreign Office. iirs't tho Russiai ambassador, , ..Priiico Dolgprouk\r, wn censured for boing absent from his nasi thus, giving Sir.Hcury Drummond Wolf an opening. Neither. M.- do Giors 110 Mv : Ziiiovipff, -tvlib l'did/: so much "ti establish /Russian' prestige in Persia,/ ii conjunction . with. General Skoboloil/ ii spared -iii' tlio swooping doftiuiciatiof lqvbl.lcd qgqirist tlio Ministry ' t'o! Poroigu .Afittirs,', oii ,tbo7sub|c!ct of iij uusiiCiioSsful' conduct of- anairs >vitj j Persia'. '"Pot' threo days in sucocssini tlio Xorne 'mil 1/0 1ms contained thro! columns, 011 this thouic.j .- 'lterdny, it re prints a long letter from (leu or a iSkoholeff " to / a: .Riissiain, .diploma lisi written in 1870, wliieh was translate' into tlio //Vhicx . and , other , (/(indon no\vt( papers, in'. Maroh, i88J:'./:/. 'j.'liis:p()litioii ghost of General tikobolotf is agai' brought before the. directors of Russia; 1 (liplomao3r . to warn tiioin, in , tbo word / of tlio -datc! lioi'o, against tho iittempt ( siiro to bo' iuiido by Englaiid, " boarin ut first a piiroly eominoi'eial ebarqetcr, ; but in' roality constituting '" iridii'oe ( invasive a'ctioii //.aimed against Russia' pussossioiis iii the '(Jiuieasiis and Centra , Asia, aiid.:.against jiropbiidonitiiig in lluenee throughout Porsia.", Tlio earn 1 paign "'opeiiod' '' in tlio Xnnw Vmmjt 1 ugaiiist tlio diplomatists is .evident))' l;io! ' work of its. stnff - of; military politician. uiul 'writers. In tlioir opinion, Sir 11 (.Druinmnitd AYoHI.Iuis not only seeum 1 !tlio rii'ivigatioii of Tlie Ivaruii, but lias .also instigated .Persia's refusal topotmii /the residence of a Russian Consul al f Mushed, omboldouod the /Shah's Govern- ! inout to prohibit tlio salohif wlicat to j .tin) Russians at. Lutfabiiilj aiiil oucour-1 1 aged the Persians to. shirk1 tho construe- 1 lion (it their half on tlie high road from Askiibad to Musiiod. '""Both North and Bouth- "Persia havo suddenly fallen com pletely under, the power, of tlio- .British (Ambassador, whoso, appointmbnt was no so long -ago hailed . by ' 'Muscovite editors almost with derision — so abso lutely confident woro' tlioy oOamononoly . of inlliicucG at- Tchoran. Sir If. Druiiiiiioiid YYolil's success is considered Sci national . Russian disaster, equal to foi 10 failure of., tho first Akkal T'okkeo xpeilition. Such a collapse of Hussiau AJ woinleiicy isileseribed as " a derailment tho diplomatic train," for which tho no oroigii Ollico and tho wholo s)stoiu of 27 ussiau diplomacy are to blame. To ' jviuto tlic evil effects of tho catastrophe, includes the Xorne I'min/it, Russia 'i'i, ust not ooiiiiterbi'ibo all tlio Persian Im fillisters, but tnko strong action off jrectlv against the Shall for his violation !l treaty in respect of the reported Jiliil'ilinn of the sale of cereals over w:iie Khorasau frontier. 