CORRESPONDENCE THE BIBLE AND THE PRESS. TO THE EDITOR. Sm,-Your correspondent " Liberal Thinker" in his letter of criticism on the article which appeared in the Herald of the 10th ult., on the above subject, severely slanders the moral teaching of the Bible, and thus im: putes immoral conduct on the part of God in His dealings with mankind. I, therefore, claim your permission, sir, to make a brief reply to those slanderous imputations and re flections thrown at tile Divine character of revelation, because its high and moral teach ing do not happen to coincide with your correspondent's notion of what God should do and what He should not do. I would here ask "Liberal thinker".to carry his imagina tion, if he can, back to the time when God in his mercy gave to man, for his instruction and guidance, His Divine revelation. It was at a period of human depravity and intellectual confusion, when the thoughts of man's heart were wicked continually, so that God in his mercy had to destroy almost the entire human race by a flood. But this is no answer, you will tell me, to that impeachment of tlhe Divine benevolence which sprang out of the destruction of the human race. Certainly not, for.I must take one thing at once. Am I to understand you, however, as saying that a God of love and mercy had absolutely no moral rieht thus to destroy His own creation on account of its prolonged and inveterate self-corruption, after He hlad warned it, and beeni patient with it through centuries of protracted longsuffering? Are there not stages of moral evil, even in the present day, which show themselves absolutely irreclaim able by any remedies known to man; crimes so deep and inveterate that neither mercy nor remedial treatment will stop them ? Now, you will observe from the Scripture narrative that this was just the case here. Longsuffering had reached its utmost limit; corr,.ption and rebellion had left only one righteous family. Hence, if permitted longer, the very last remnant of goodness would have. perished out of the earth. What, co you mean to tell me that it would have bee' coinsistent with perfect. love and mercy to allow the last spark of moral goodness to become extinguished? Are all the resources of love and mercy to be spent upon.the wicked, and none to be ex hibited for the protection of the righteous ? Are there not some periods and cases, even within our own experience, when severe judgments on hardened criminals become conservative of benevolence and kindness to ward the iniocent? Would any just Go vernment allow assassins to go through a country committing murder and rapine, with out feeling it a duty to interfere on behalf of thelvirtuous? The cases are exactly ana logous. Only, in this instance, the Govern ment was God's, and the corruption, instead of being partial, was all but universal. " Look at the case fairly in this light, Mr. L. T., and your impeachment falls to the ground. Why my friend should be staggered if,.'in ..a Book which professes to record of man who received a Divine revela tion under. such circumstances, he should find .,.it .. still impregnated with many of the old .under.lying. elements of evil. tUnless mbral rectitude had been perfected in such persons by irresistible compulsion, how, 'in the name of common sense, could .my friefnid expect to find them rising, up erect into a sudden and fully developed state of holiiess, nntouched by sin and unaffected by theiri lack 'of, pure civslization? Your cor respondent has,, therefore, no right .to find fault with the morality of the Old Testament ona:ccount of the occdsional crimes or imr peofe'cted rectitude of some of its chief heroes. He has no reason to be surprised, for example, that Noah and Lot should have become into-icated; that Jacob should have lied or oheated inH brotilor; Chat I0oses should have committed manslaughter; that Jael should have violated hospitality by an act of treacherous murder; that tile Jeows should have taken from the Egyptians of tceir silver and gold; that some of the Judges, otherwi'e remarkable for the heroism of faith, should yet have been men of oc casionally uncontrollable passion; and even David, while in the main a man of honour, after God's own heart, should have nevertheless been tainted by corruption, and tempted to adultery. If revelation raised these Scripture heroes in many particulars above their natural level, it is no proof of its falsehood that it did not raise them up equally in all ethor,particulars. It must be remembored, too, that the sins just men tioned are simply chronicled as matters of fact. in the pages of a Book which contain Divine ievelation, and are no part of the revelation itself. The modern Arabs and Bedouins are the lineal descendants of Islah mael, and in their life, customs, and habits, they fulfil the prophecy of Ishlmael. It.'is a fact at this day the wilderness is the dwellieg place of the descendants of' Ishmael. They do not hke other races form ilties: the Arab of to-day is the same that he has been for three thousand years. He will nbt associate with civilieation. He will not accept" the offers of his brethren. Hie will not 'leave his patriarchal desert. Literally his hand is against every man's hand, because lie lives by spoil, and every man's hand is against him, because his extermination is the only safety of con tlguous society. Ho is the wild ass-man living in the desert upon the scanty pasturage, and yoe satisfied. What proof do modern fscta give that "Holy men of old .wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost?" Now, I ask is it possible to suppose that, if Moses were an uninspired writer, he could have made so lucky a guess? Is it possible he could have given a minute description of an event a thousand years remnoto, which should be fulfilled, not in the mass, but literally, striotly 'verbatim fulfilled ?-Yours, &o.;, T. L.G. B'inmi. 