ffirunxbs. Clear. Sugar. Bright. Theatre. Garner's. Copper, £50. Colonel Light. Assembly only. Solemn silence. Board has soored. Zooing legislators. • Corporation bowL No more effigying. 1 Bravo, Mr. Smith. Wooing for the Zoo. MisB Janet Achuroh. More steamers coming. A sweet treaty proposedr Good feeling established. The slaughter then began. Swearing-in of the Mayor. Notioe paper easing down. More Ministerial shuffling. Starving the defence force.. , Dark deeds of Honourable. Summary justice in Belgium. The Art Critio oannot catch it* Barometer at noon to-day 29 9K Lively crop of snakes at Ren mark. Jockey Newland killed at Bendigo. Poet Chandler has blossomed again. Legislative fossils want electrifying. Men went away as bappy aB full bees. Goodwood has a watchdog committee. Marching on to intercolonial free trade. Kilts and bagpipes at Linden to-morrow. No light indictment against the Council. To- morrow—" The House on the Marsh." Contractors in Parliament Act a delusion. A " try-on" exposed by Rowley yesterdays Railway Parliament prorogued until Thursday, Not thirty, and all Melbourne gaped at him, Renmark telegraph line tied up in red tape. Better drop the Corporations Bill for this year. What has become of Rowlej'o Datch paintings? The maximum trouble is the minimum wage. Parliament v. Press cricket match in hand. A Ministry of small beer. B'sr is what ife needp. Horrible death of a jockey at Bendigd Races. Mr. Mattinson had better withdraw that motion. Miner's Parliament shortly to be held at Newport. A bazy Hay had better goais; on perlitikel ekonemy. The Cardinal has decided to cill the grue medicine. The late Mr. John Martin was buried yesterday. Cardinal Moran coming oat aB a great statesman. That Dunn case might be made a precedent by our JudgeB. Another wrangle yesterday over the Smyth- Bruoe dispute. Queensland Minister of Lands coming to see our forests. Menpes's etchings are very clever, what there iB of them. Big Ben wants 6 per cent profit on the Glenelg railways. A family quarrel adjusted yesterday by the C. J. as arbitrator. Happy family in the Zoo. Rotunda yesterday—liquors round. One demand of railway em ploy dB means a oost of £8,000 a year. Snake stories have loBt their charm; hailstorms are in fashion. Another break-of-gauge invention—Park* side must be fast filling up. The Babylon of the South fell down ami worshipped the golden lord. The sprightly Town Clerk of St. Peters has left the Champion lamenting. Fitness of things—A ponderous advocate of gas light in Knight Ayers. The new Mayor should say something to-' day about the Corporations BUI. The wool market is rising eo rapidly that it may be loBt altogether to vie v. Good speech by Commissioner Smittt yeBterday. Cheered by delegates. All the assessment clauses have been: struck out of the Corporations Bill. Are those etchinge to be hidden away witl> the Melbourne Exhibition paintings ? Bailway Service Association would not kill their best friends—the Railway Board. Sun rose at 4.43 a.m. ; sets at 6,54 p.m.' Moon Bet at 0.3 a.m,; rose at 10 52 a.m. Pity the Chief Jnstioe did not confer witlt those parties at the beginning of the trial. The Ministry forgot the Flat in the distance. Thinking too mnch ot itself again. It reminds one of the practice of hanging the Manager when a railway accident occurs. What s the use of onr discussing federal defenoe when we can't pay for drilling the militia ? Cartridge factory owner in Antwerp got four years in gaol for not preventing aa explosion. The police have decided to stop glove conteBtB in London. Will this apply to drapers also 7 The Assembly gobbled up the Supplfmentary Estimates like a Payment of Members Bill. It is not true that the wharfingers are Vet be asked to find the meals as well as pay tha men to eat them. "A deliberate attempt to fl-ece the public under a mark of hypocrisy," d«f ;»ted yesterday, thanks to old Rowley. Why is the Assembly in its o!d age like the once fruitful Tennyson ? Because it has consented to beoome barren. Quotation for November 29 :— There is only one kind of hatred, the frnit which is peace- tbe hatred of self.- Bare. A number of militiamen have to give a whole day's attendance to-morrow. Is that necessary or fair to employers ? Tom's latest goak—He thought the antique furniture in Government House would be the more prized by scions of old famllfe* We can't stand another edition of the War of the Roses, even by the Railway Department in the dispute over a Crown, The old saying that "promises like piecrust are easily broken" is not strictly trus. as applied to the average boarding-house piecrust. The Ministry is like the woman who lost her piece of silver, being in great distress that it cannot find in the House any trace oE its policy. Considering what it has saved him from. Mr. Champion should remember Mr. Hill in his will. Suggestive of the nomination paper, it would be a hiatus. Of American lecturers Mark Twain ia the most sought after, and the least willing. Ha pays Major Pond 100 dollars a year for writing " No" to invitations. That pretty Rotunda, erected at the oost of Sit Thomas Elder on the banks of the Torrena Lake, was opened November 28, seven yean ago. Thanks, Sir Thomas. A member of Parliament ia too cute ta sacrifice £200 a year for a petty contract; if it were a large one, he might turn his business into a limited liability Company. Sir Philip Sidney, the famous poet, soldier, traveller, diplomatist, and courtier, was bora November 29, 1554, at Penshnrst. He waa the son of Sir Henty Sidney, a statesman of considerable talent for a sixteenth century, man. Eleanor of Castile, Queen Consort of Edward of England, died, November 2f. 1290\. This is the lady who saved Edward's life by sucking the poison from a wound he had received from a would-be assassin. Sha was the daughter of Ferdinand III., King of Castile. No wonderZOliver Goldsmith was such a vigorous writer, for he was born in the Coanty of Longford, Ireland, November 39, 1728. If this little event had not happened w» should never have had the opportunity of making the acquaintance of that dew- eld> BOUI the Vicar of Wakefield. Clovis I., the founder of the Frenoh monarchy, save up the ghost November 39,. 511, having then lived y <^&rs; and reigned SO years At the solicitation of his wife Clotilda ho embraced Christianity and was baptized at Rheims. But be was none the worse for that, for though he Bullied the Eucceerc!? oi his re:gc liy LEBassinating eevoral chiefs ivhoseambition Le foared, he was "a ccan of war from his youtb." 