OLD SYDNEY, and its Harbour and Bays. BY THE REV. CANON WILSON (Concluded.) PERHAPS some of the most disastrous incidents in connection with harbour shipping have been the fires which have occurred on board vessels in Port Jackson, but which, happily, have been few and far between. The most notable of these occurred in 1814 and 1833 respectively, both in Sydney Cove. In the first instance the ship 'Three B's,' or ' Three Bees ' (for the name is variously spelled in different records), was lying in the Cove, when a fire occurred on board, and she was burned to the water's edge. The chief cause of anxiety was that fourteen pieces of can- non, with which she was armed, were dis- charged through the heat of the flames - as the account quaintly re- marks - ' to the great danger of the towns- people.' We are in- clined to think so! For surely never before or since was the good city of Sydney so bombarded! To add to the terror, the ship had in her hold thirty casks of powder; but fortunately she was cast adrift, and a wind springing up, drove her over to the North Shore \- at that time scarcely inhabited. Another serious fire was that when the ' Ann Jamieson ' was con- sumed at the Queen's (then the King's) Wharf. She was dis- charging cargo, and sud- denly blew up with a tremendous explosion, and then taking fire, was sunk after being burned to the water-line. In this disaster, which oc- curred in 1833, no less than eight lives were lost. As to boating calami- ties, their name is legion, owing to the passion of Australians for "aquatic amusements and the great number of boats of every description con- sequently on the har- bour's surface at all times. But although it has proved so prolific of accident in one shape or another, the harbour has been singularly free from the crimes usually asso- ciated with the dark water-side or water-sur- face. We have very few reécords indeed of feloni- ous acts or deeds of vio- lence perpetrated on the waters or our harbour; and, as a rule, its glassy depths have not been attractive to the suicide. In 1836 the waters of Sydney Harbour were the scene of another strange transaction, totally different in cha- racter, in which a Qua- ker took part. Very old residents in Sydney will remember John Tawell, the druggist, whose shop at the time was one of the handsomest in Sydney, and after- wards, with the business, passed into the hands of Mr. Foss - a much - respected chemist. It would take too long to touch upon all the incidents of Tawell's eventful and romantic career. Originally a chemist's commercial traveller, he was transported to Sydney in 1814 for forgery. After being assistant in the Convict Hospital for some years, he got his ticket-of-leave, and com- menced business as a druggist. Being a very shrewd man he rapidly amassed wealth, and, for a time, exhibited a wonderful amount of religious zeal and fervour in the cause of the Society of Friends. On one occasion, having received a large quantity of rum and gin among a consignment of druggist's sup BRINGING IN A DERELICT - OFF THE HEADS. plies from England, he decided to empty the contents of the casks into the harbour. This was in 1836, when that good man, James Backhouse, and his devoted band of Quaker brethren, were making a philan- thropic tour of the colonies. Although Backhouse, in his ' Narrative,' does not mention Tawell's name, he thus refers to the circumstance: ' We had the satisfaction of witnessing the destruction of five puncheons of rum, containing four hundred and ninety two gallons, and two hogsheads of Geneva, containing one hundred and sixteen gallons. They were the property of one of our friends, who had received them, as part of an investment, from his agent in England, who had not been apprised of a change in the views of his correspondent respecting the use and sale of spirits, in which he cannot now be conscientiously concerned. He therefore represented the case to the Governor, who allowed them to be taken out of bond, free of duty, under the same circumstances as if for export, and, under the charge of an officer of Customs, placed on board a staged boat, which took them out into the Cove, where the heads of the casks were removed, and the contents poured into the sea. A few friends of the owner accom- panied him to witness this "new thing under the sun" in the colony. "We were much pleased with the hearty manner in which the Custom House officer superin- tended this sacrifice of property to principle. Some persons, from neighbouring vessels, looked on with approval, others with sur- prise, and others, not yet awake to the evils of spirit-drinking, expressed regret. A man from a little vessel cried out, " That's real murder !" One of the puncheons, being too near the edge of the boat, went overboard, and brought its top above the surface of the water, with much rum in it. It floated close by the same little vessel, and a man dipped a horn into it, to try to get a drink of the devoted fluid. It was now rum-and-water \- but, happily for the man, it was rum and salt-water! Even his vitiated palate rejected it, and he poured it back to the rest, which was soon mingled with the briny flood.' The almost unequalled - and certainly un- excelled - facilities afforded by the harbour for boat - racing and yacht-sailing have caused those amusements to grow up naturally; and there are few events of the year looked forward to with more pleasure than the annual regatta. Is there anybody in Sydney, or elsewhere, living, who remembers being an eye-witness of the first boat-race in Sydney Harbour? Probably not one. Here, however, is an account or it: ' Boat-race from Bradley's Head into Sydney Cove, 3 ½ miles (with the tide), between Captain Piper, Naval Officer; Captain Lawlie, of the " Batavia;" Captain Johnston, of the " Guildford;" and Captain Bell, of the " Minerva." Won by Captain Piper. Time, 15 min. This occurred on May 16, 1818.' Since then what wonderful elaborations in the way of aquatic carnivals have taken place! Since the days of George Mulhall, the first champion in the way of sculling, and the old 'Eclipse ' among the 'first-class yachts.' Gone are the days when a whole fleet of wood and fruit boats, from Lane Cove and Parramatta River, used to form one of the prettiest races on the - list-gone is the 'coasters' race,' in which the neat little schooners and ketches used to hold sway and gone also are the stirring whaleboat races, each boat furnished with all its whaling " gear and a crew whose tawny bodies heat time to the motions of the ' steerer,' with his enormous paddle projected astern! In connection with the Anniversary Regatta a touching romance is related by Therry, in his ' Reminiscences.' A musician whom we shall call Devenish (the name is assumed, but the circumstances are true) was leader of the orchestra at one of the London theatres. His affairs becoming invol- ved, he determined to abandon his wife and four children, and to this end wrote his name and address on the lining of a new hat, which he threw, late at night, from Waterloo Bridge into the Thames. He had previously secured a passage to St. Malo, on the coast of France, and left the same night for that port. His hat being found, it was at once concluded that he had committed suicide. At St. Malo he did well by means of his musical abilities, but unfortu- nately became entangled in a love affair, and eloped to New South Wales with the wife of a captain in the French navy. They reached Syd- ney in 1832, and there she passed as his sister. He had a lucrative busi- ness as teacher of music and dancing, and it is said that for several years his income amount- ed to between £600 and £800 annually. On the Anniversary Regatta held in Sydney Harbour in 1842 Devenish had hired a boat for the amusement of himself and his soi-disant sister. In the evening, when about a mile from shore, they were caught by a ' southerly buster,' and the craft was capsized. The only hope was in swimming, and the waterman swam to shore, a mode by which Deven- ish might also have es- caped, as he was an excellent swimmer, but he would not leave his female companion to perish alone. He bore her up towards shore for about half a mile, and then both were seen to sink together, their bodies being recovered the next day. Therry concludes his romantic sketch as follows:-' I hap- pened to pass by the Sydney cemetery as their funeral approached. With the exception of the mutes and other hirelings in attendance, not a single person followed them to the grave. That Devenish behaved well and nobly in risking his own life to save that of his companion must be admitted; but genuine pity should be reserved for the wife whom he had cruelly deserted, and whose letters indicated that she knew of his whereabouts and the mode of life he was leading, and the deep distress she and her children suffered from his desertion. She was aware it would be unavailing to follow him from England, and from some passages in those letters it was plain he had told her so.' Scions of the Royal Family of Great Britain have entered Sydney Heads, as witness the Duke of. Edinburgh, in 1868, and the Princes Albert and Victor, in 1880, when those floating castles, the , 'Galatea' and the 'Bacchante,' lay moored off the dimpled semi-circle of Farm Cove. But almost two generations before the advent of these illustrious visitors, native royalty itself stood on the vessel's deck in Sydney Har- hour. Give ear to an incident related by Cunningham, who made a voyage to this colony in 1826:- King Boongarie, too, with a boat-load of his dingy retainers, may possibly honour you with a visit, bedizened in his varnished cocked hat of formal cut, his gold-laced blue coat (flanked on the shoulders by a pair of massive epaulettes) buttoned closely up to evade the extrava- gance of including a shirt, in the catalogue of his wardrobe; and his bare and broad platter feet of dull cinder hue spreading FORT DENISON (PINCHGUT ISLAND) BY MOONLIGHT. out like a pair of sprawling toads upon the deck before you. First, he makes one solemn, measured stride from the gang- way, then, turning round to the quar- ter-deck, lifts up his beaver with his right hand a full foot from his head (with all the grace and ease of a court exquisite), and, carrying it slow- ly and solemnly for- wards to a full arm's length, lowers it in a gentle and most dignified manner down to the very deck, following up this motion by an inflection of the body almost equally pro- found. Advancing slowly in this way, his hat gracefully poised in his hand, and his phiz, wreath- ed with many a fan- tastic smile, he bids 'Massa ' welcome to his country! On finding he has fairly grinned himself into your good graces, he formally prepares to take leave, endea- vouring at the same time to take likewise what you are less willing to part with, namely, a portion of your cash. Let it not be supposed, however, that his Majesty condescends to thieve he only solicits the loan of a " dump," on pretence of treating his sick gin to a cup of tea; but in reality with a view to treating him- self to a porringer of "Cooper's best," to which his Majesty is most royally de- voted.' Sydney has always been renowned - and yearly becomes in- creasingly so - for its harbour fetes and pleasure excursions; and dull-minded in- deed would its citi- zens be did they act otherwise with this lovely sea-lake lap- ping at their feet! Never did Siren beckon to pleasure more enticingly than this liquid gem of mingled opal, amethyst, and sapphire, in its many-changing moods of calm and breeze, of sunshine and moonlight. How our harbour pleasure-boats have increased and improved since the coffin-like 'Phantom' rose and fell ghost-like with the roll of the Pacific, as she wended her way, ' weather per mitring,' to Manly Beach with a score or two of land-sailors sorely tumbled up both in body and mind. Or when the old ' Emu ' winged its solitary flight to "Watson's Bay. Thirty years have produced great changes in our harbour excursion traffic since the days when poor Rowe (' Peter 'Possum ') invited us to take a trip down the harbour. Suppose we embark in one of the crowded craft that wave their smoke-burgees, and scarcely less sooty flags, over holiday- makers bound for Parramatta, Cremorne, Manly Beach, or Watson's Bay ? What comical collections of humanity the good folks are - intensely conscious, for the most part, of their 'Sunday clothes,' glossy and wrinkled silk and broadcloth winking, as it were, in the unwonted blaze to which they are exposed. How solemnly the good people take their pleasure - in the orthodox, pon- derous manner of Britons, on whatever shore their fate may cast them. Grave they look, as if going to a funeral. The very actors yonder, in abnormal hats - escaped for a brief respite from the week-long atmosphere of orange- peel and gas -suc- cumb to the prevailing sentiment, and, cigar in mouth, with shorn cheeks pale against its ruddy glow, they cluster around the funnel as though they would keep themselves in countenance by its example whilst doing anything so dissipated as smoking. A seri- ous silence reigns from stem to stern, un- broken save when the steersman turns his quid, emitting its mahogany-hued juice upon the sun-scorched deck with a splash that sounds like that of 'the first of a thunder shower ' in the awful hush! Such mournful merrymakers become tiresome after a bit, so leaving them, as Elia says of the Egyptian hermits, ' to enjoy one another's want of conversation,' let us look around. The flags of all nations flash like splendid meteors athwart the sapphire sky, and boats with snowy sails fly like seabirds over the blue waters. Now we pass a huge emigrant ship alive with passengers' gazing anxiously over the bulwarks at their 'pro- mised land,' and anon a tiny anchored yacht that seems to be fretting for freedom as it pulls at its tether like little Barbara Leith- waite's lamb, and then, finding the effort vain, swims round and round its buoy in a pretty little pet of impatient impotent anger. But Sydney Harbour has other delights, even for those who are not cradled on her bosom. It is a joy to travel around her sinuous, indented coast, looking down on the palpitating waters. Many authors have given their experience of such a drive; and from the many we shall select a brace of opinions as generalising the ideas of the whole. One, writing in 1826, says:- The South Head Head, is, however, the grand equestrian resort, along which gigs, with well-dressed people and spruce dandies a cheval, may be daily seen careering. Sun- day is here, as everywhere else, the great gala day, when all the various equipages are most profusely shown off, when the animat- ing bustle here displayed, the clouds of starting dust, scattering abroad from behind the carriage-wheels and heels of the horses, and the passing smiles and congés of the different groups hurrying backwards and forwards presents a very lively picture. The road terminates at the tall and airy lighthouse, perched upon the bold headland forming the southern entrance of the Har- bour, and overlooking the whole southern ocean, spread out in boundless expanse before you. Mid-way a road to the left carries you to a rising, groundnamed; Belle- vue, level at top and commanding an ex- tensive view of the ocean and all the sur- rounding wild natural scenery. The country on the route will afford few charms, to the mere agriculturalist alive to no other attrac- tion save fertility of soil; but to the admirer of untamed nature in all her primeval variety this spot, where low undulating hills of rock and sand lie scattered about in disorderly array, garnished with shrubs in liveries of freshest green, and flowers, of the liveliest hue, cannot fail to impress its, beauty on the heart too deeply to be readily forgotten.' Another author, writing over forty yeara ago, observes: ' The drive along the southern shore of the Harbour to the Heads, or en- trance to Port Jackson, and thence back to Sydney by the " Old South Head Road," about thirteen miles, has hardly its equal for picturesque beauty. The Harbouir itself rudely repre- sents in its project- tions and indenta- tions the form of an oak-leaf, or, to enlist a monstrous simile, it may be likened to the gaping mouth of some antediluvian saurian, the bluffs and inlets represent- ing the teeth and the interstices between them. The eye, fol- lowing the profile of the two opposite shores cannot but percieve that, if the said enormous jaws were by some geo- logical miracle to snap together again, so neat would be the fit that there would remain but little more than a serpen- tine line of demol- ished rocks and gum- trees to mark where was once Port Jack- son. The views of the Harbour from the higher points of the road, over the tufted tops of the forest, and the glimpses of the glittering waters between the boles of the enormous gum- trees are truly beau- tiful. So completely is this great port shut in from the ocean, that I know of no spot a mile within its gates from which the stranger would even surmise the position of its mouth, were it not for the tall bluff of the North Head, which lifts a hun- dred feet of its sheer wall-like profile above any of the interior headlands. I cannot describe, botanically, the trees, plants, and shrubs among which the eye of the rider wanders, well pleas- ed, on either side of the road. The euca- lyptus and other ' gums ' of infinite variety form the larger growth of the ' bush.' But there are trees distantly resembling in as- pect the European ash, the holly, larch, and myrtle, with a luxuriant undergrowth of ferns and lichens, and a multitude of flowering shrubs clad in spring and autumn with blossoms so lovely in form and hue as to justify the name of " Botany," conferred by Dr. Solander as a title of honour on the neighbouring bay. There is the Correa with stiff stem and prickly leaves, but with a string of delicate little pendulous flowers, red, orange, and white, something like the fuchsia, but, in my mind, a hundred times more brilliant. The native rose has the colour, but no other resemblance to the European queen of flowers. It is one of the few bush flowers possessing any odour. Wafted on the passing gale it commends itself pleasantly to the senses, but, strange enough, on closer acquaintance there mingles with the rich perfume an undoubted scent of the fox - a scent which, however creative of rapture in 'the field,' is ill adapted to the boudoir. The South Sea myrtle, or Ireptos pernum, grows in fine round bushes, span- gled with white stars. Of the heath-like Epacris there is an infinite variety, among which I name the Styphelia, because it possesses the rare quality of a green flower. The Boronias shoot up their slender stems among the roughest rocks and stubbornest plants towards the sun, their wax-like petals showing every delicate shade between deep pink and snowy white. All these shrubs are evergreen. Among their branches and those of the higher trees the most beautiful creepers wreathe themselves. The Ken- nedya, with a purple vetch-like blossom, is among the most graceful. There is also a white variety whose flower is so small that a microscope is necessary to examine its minute beauties. I must not forget the bottle- brush, one of the most characteristic plants of the bush. It has rough twisted branches and a leaf something like the holly. Sir Joseph Banks gave it the botanical name of Banksia, and his butler, perhaps, bestowed on it the vulgar appellation by which it is generally known. The upright conical flowers with which this eccentric-looking shrub is thickly covered resemble pretty closely that useful implement of the pantry. When at its prime, the deep orange hue of the flower makes it almost handsome. In the swamps is a smaller and prettier kind of bottle-brush, of a softer fabric and with a flower of rich crimson. I used to fancy that my favourite charger loved to wear one of these; brilliant natural rosettes in his headVstall. There are several pretty iris- like bulbs in the moister soil, and in the low lands of the Botany scrub I noticed a crimson and orange flower, like the fox- glove in form, very handsome, but so hard and horny in texture that the blossoms actually ring with a clear metallic sound as the breeze shakes them. It might be the fairies' dinner bell, calling them to their dew and ambrosia. Alas! there are no 'good people ' in Australia! No one ever heard of a ghost, or a bogie, or a fetch, here; all is too absolutely material to afford a niche for imagination or superstition. Perhaps the greatest ornament of the bush, however, is the Acacia, of which there are many varieties. In autumn the trees look as, if a golden snowstorm had fallen on their branches, bending down with their burden of blossom towards the earth. Some of the acacias possess a delicious, almond-like perfume. A bouquet of bush flowers is highly ornamental in the epergne of the dinner-table, for they do not soon fade, and keep better out of water than in it; but he who would not implant a thorn in the bosom of beauty will never desire to see them worn in the ballroom, for, with scarcely one exception, they, are harsh and thorny as tho holly itself. Nor is the loveliness of landscape and bushiflower confined to the southern side alone, as a final quotation will suffice to show. Dr. J. E. Taylor, in 1885, writes : ' The walks and drives in the immediate neighbourhood of Sydney Harbour were too beautiful ever to be forgotten. The ready means with which one could land at the head of some bay or creek, walk up the hill and over it down to the head of another creek on the other side, reminded me of the manner in which wre can saunter from one fiord to another off the coast of Norway. Thus I made my way from North Shore (St. Leonard's) to Mossman's Bay through thickets of bush abounding with wild flowers. Another ramble (never to be forgotten) was from, Manly to Spit Point along a magnifi- cent; well-metalled road, made originally, I helieye, by convict labour. At the latter place, after gradually ascending a country opening out like a panorama, writh fore- grounds reminding me strongly of the unenclosed heath and commons at home (except that the wild fiowers were more showy, and the clumps of gum-trees and banksia more foreign-looking), we catch a view of the Middle Harbour almost along its entire length. It is a lovely picture, mapped out with dark forests and beetling coast-lines, and crenulated with little creeks and bays innumerable. A thin blue mist hangs over the mirrored surface of the water, and gives to the scene an indescrib- able charm.' Sometimes, when the sky is grey and dull, and the weather stormy, the Harbour pre- sents itself to us under a different aspect. At such a time some experience a sort of fierce delight in consonance with the anger of the elements, as they stand on one of the headland bluffs watching the billows stream- ing over and among the black, slippery rocks like a flood of spilt cream; while ever and anon some more ambitious wave shatters itself into a column of spray, in vain emula- tion striving to out-tower the abrupt fore- lands. The labouring vessels far out at sea, the ships close- reefed, the steamers with their long black pennant of smoke trailing low to the surface of the water, are all trying to make port; and it is at such time, perhaps, that those on board see Sydney Harbour in its (to them) brightest colours, as a safe refuge, 'the haven where they would be.' Then the stiff and sturdy little steam-tugs go out in the teeth of the gale and grapple on to some stately merchant ship and bring her in victoriously. At some times it is a ' derelict ' (as in our illustration) thus brought into port - a ship from which the crew have cut adrift under the impression that she must needs go to the bottom. Many a rich claim for salvage has thus been made for bringing in abandoned ships to Sydney Harbour. Port Jackson at night is another phase of the subject furnishing abundant scope for pen and pencil. The quiet fishing-party, with kellick down on some good ' fishing ground,' and a lantern slung on an oar lashed to the thwart, lest some inadvertant steamer should run them down, or the happy moonlight nights, when one can almost fancy the harbour one vast crucible of molten metal, and its Creator sitting above watching it, ' as a refiner and purifier of silver.' Even the dark nights have their charm, when the ships' bells sound as if muffled by the black- ness, and the reflections of the ruby and emerald lights of passing steamers wriggle with the undulating tide like many-coloured serpents; when old ' Pinchgut' casts around the blood-red glare of its lofty lamp, and every now and then the Macquarie Light- house sends its revolving electric flash like a bright pathway right up the harbour to the city. Our task, which has been a labour of love, is done. We have tried to girdle our beauti- ful harbour with the historical thread of a hundred years, and to string on it the beads of fact and fancy. That much remains to be told we are quite aware. Much scope still remains to be said, sung, and sketched, which future hands, no doubt, will essay. But so far as we are concerned we lay down the pen, regretfully writing FINIS. 