CLIPPINGS . FROM THIE WEEKLIES. "Aulus" in the Australasian. If Lord and Lady llopetoun was not satisfied with their reception on their arrival last week, they muast be exceed. ingly hard to please.. The appearance and orelr of the crowd astonished even those accustomed to Mellbourne and the ways of Melborinites, and aest have been a sort of revelation to the new arrivals. No wonder if a little nervousness was apparent on the part of Lord Hopetoun and his wife ; to pass through a mile of surging crowd, all cheering you frantically, must be a trying ordeal - though not unpleasant. It is to be hoped that the impression that His Excellencyand his consort hove of Malb'elnue is as favoralle as that which Melbourne has of them. An Irish frienl of mine was gRie tly annoyed at the manner in which the Scotclinen adm ni ed Ldly Hnpetoun, in repeating "Ah, mtna, isn't she a honiuy Scotch lassie." "She's bonny indeed," he lsaid.' "only not Scotch at all, but as Irish as St. Patrick." As St. Patrick was a Frenchman this asseveration does not amount to much. But Irish she certainly is. notwithstanding. If it be true, as rumour hath it, that Lnr? Hopetoun has remitted £50,000 to hua bankers in Melbourne jest that he may have some loose cash handy,' there is every chance that lie will make things " hum" luring his term of office. He was a itness, and, of course, met with a witness's usual fate. He was hullied by one counsel and severely cross-examn'ned by. the other.' At length he escaped fromi the box, and, fretting and feming, made his way out side; where, cwith curses loud and dleep, lie gave vent to Iris feelingseof wrath and indigna. tionaga'ost the whollelelegal system, aind cape. cially against the mode of cross'examinatil n by council. "It's shameful in a Christian land, shameful air! I wonder that the hystanders don't interfere to put a stop to it." Just then sonmeone came out of court. " What's going on inside now " hlie asked. "Bilank is cross-ex mininug your friedl Jibson, smaking him look suchl a fouoL" " By Jove, I must see he fathe n I" and le incontin. ently bolte4 hack into court to 'ee his friend undergoing the operation that had no tortured Auctioneers and estate agents are, as a rule, hy no means backward in recotmend.l ing the properties entrusted to them. Stome times they allow their imaginations to run away with them.- and lhow a wealth of fancy andil originality truly surprising. Iido not know however, that I have ever seen a more original recommendation than the following advertisement, issued by a Launceston house agent:-" For sale, the gentleman's residence known as ' -' oo euopied by the late liey. Mr -~ II these days of scepticism, wlien rash people ven ture to doubt the existence of disembodied spirits, a house with a guearanteed ghost in occupation of the premises ought to find a ready sale. "Atticus" in the Leader. Mesars Nienmo and Mluoro may have been pleased, at the Caledoniln dininer the other day. to hear Lord Hopetoun speak in praise of tlh. haggis, the singed sheep's he.ad, anel the hail and the oat cake. But the whisky, that his Excellency sail lie had partaken of, must harve sent a shock of their total ab. stinence souls. Somne one about Lord lope. toua should warn hli that the mention of whisky drinking in publlic npproaches almost a political utterance. For I believe there are Scotchluen, anlu very good Scotchr.en, too, iihn will yet talk themselves itr o the idea that the whi-ky and ale wihose praise Bobby Burns sang were of a teetotal anld ui fermnenled character. The hanquet was pro. fessedly secular, but towards the end a strong religious element was introduced. Mr John Blyth annuouonced that forms of " I.O.U." were being handed round in the room, iail hie lop,'d that the gentlemcnu present would lhberally responl to the appeal in aid of the charitahle oihjecto ,f thu society. I was not one of the invited, and have therefore no right, perhaps. to criticise the arrangementsr . ButI I think somlehowa it woull have been molre iin keep. ing writh the traditin of Scotch hospitality, of which so much was snid. if the Illyth service had leen omeitteud. It will imake people tight hiy of accepting invitations to public dinners. 