WJSSLE XAN ANNUAL DISTRICT MEETINGS, SOUTHERN DISTRICT. The annual meetings of this district oom menced on Tuesday morning in the Ptrie-strast lecture-hall. The Rev. DTI, Wylie, president of the Conference (chairman of tha distriot)* presided. The Rev. J. Biokford, on behalf of the meeting, welcomed the chairman to tbe southern district. The Rev. Joseph *W*Sw. from ths New Booth Wales Conference, was also welcomed. The Eev. W. Bead was elected secretary and the Revs. H. Teague and W, A. Jjangstora assistant secretaries. On the roll of ministers beingcalledadispenBation wasgranted to the Rev. J. Haslam (ex-president of the Conference) on account of illness, and it was decided that a letter of sympathy be sent. The Rev. E. Youninnan, Palmenton, N.T., whose name is given in the lit* of ministers on the roll of the district, was granted a dispensa tion on account of distance. A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. R. Kelly (removed to the Yorke's Peninsula district) for bis servioes as secretary during the past year. The proba tioners laboring in the district handed in their list of books for the year, and arrangements were made for hearing their trial sermons during the Beeeiom, Reference was made to the ' Iofb sustained through tbe death of the Rev, A. J. Bogle, and by the con nexion at large, and sympathy for Mrs. Bogle was expressed by the chairman (Rev. D. S. Wylie) and the Revs. J. Bickford, T. Lloyd, T. Riston, O. T. Newman, C. H. Goldsmith, R. S. Casely, and J. H. Trevorrow. The resignation of the Rev. B. Gilbart Edwards waB read by the chairman, and the following resolution was carried : — ' That the resignation of Brother B. G. Edwards be re ceived, and that its acceptance be recom mended to the coming Conference.' The chairman reported having received daring the year the resignation as a student for the ministry of Mr. J. F. Martin. The chairman's reply thereto was approved, and the matter was referred to Conference, The financial session of the annual meeting of this district was held in the Pirie-street lecture-ball on Wednesday. The Rev. D. S. Wylie, president of the Conference (chairman of the district), took the chair. The Horn John Colton and tbe Rev. E. S. Bickford (secretary of tbe Home Mission fund of the Victoria Conference) were cordially wel- ? corned. In addition to the ministers in the district the following circuit stewards represented their respective circuits:'— Pirie-street circuit, Messrs. L. J. Furnell and W. Long ; Archer street; Messrs. W. J. Diokenaon and J. Le Cornu ; Kent Town, Mr. S. Churchward, B.A.; Norwood and Magill, Mr. R. Kelly ; Bromp ton, Messrs. T. Harry and Maley ; Unley; Mesers. R. Langman, Jan., and T. J. Matters; Glenelg, Mr. D. Nock; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, Mr. E, H. Butler; Willuoga, Mr. O. Lawrence; Clarendon, Hon, John Carr; Aldgate, Mr. T. Giles. The state of church property in the district was reported on as follows : — Number of churches, 102; other preaching -places, 18; entire cost of churches and parsonages, £189,579; debt remaining on churches, £42.618 j on parsonages, £4,572; total debt, £47,190. The erection of a new lecture-hall at Parkside coet £650; Conference regulations observed, there being a balance of £50 in hand after meet* ing cost of erection. Permission was granted to Yankalilla circuit to sell' churches anc- adjoining land at Carracalinga and Spring bank, the proceeds to be devoted to the Yan kalilla parsonage trust. The Murray Bridge and Calliogton circuit was permitted to baild a church at St. Ives. The amount available from the loan fund for the colony was £1,410, £200 of which had been allocated by the committee to the southern district. Applications were received from Thebarton for £100, Murray Bridge (church) £50, Norwood (parsonage) £800, Magill (church) £200, Albsrton £200, Woodville £250. The Thebarton application waB not enter tained, the arrears owing to the fund not having been paid on the prescribed date. The whole amount (£200) was voted to the Nor wood pareonage. It was resolved — ' That if arrears owing to the fund are paid before Conference the Conference be recommended to vote to the Port Adelaide circuit the amount applied for.' The Rev. T. Lloyd waB appointed to accom pany the chairman as representative to tha Conference stationing committee, and Mr. D. Davidson was elected a member of the Home Mission committee. The amount required for the worn- ont minis ters' fond was £144 ISs.; amount raised by col lections in district, £116 14s. 6d.; -leaving £22 3s. 6d. to be made up by circuits in arrears. Df the amount available from the Home MiBsion fund for distribution among the circuits in the colony (£570) £100 was allocated to the district. TheiettirnaforttkeBOtitnirn district wereread by the Seceetaky as follows :— Churches, 102 ; pareocages, 18 ; schoolroom?, 24 ; ministers and preachers on trial, 28 ; looal preachers, 153 ; class leaders, 164; Sabbath-Echool teachers, 1,055; members, 8,125; on trial. 79; junior members, 332 ; communicants* 155 ; Sunday schools, 91; Sunday scholars, 9.2SS ; bands of hope, 20 ; band of hope members, 1,565; church attendants, 19.836. Ths recommendation of the Archer street quarterly meeting proposed by the Rev. J. H. Tbevobbow and seconded by Mr. Langman— 'That the practice of giving invitations to ministers is becoming more and more perplex ing, and ic is calculated in the near future to render the itinerancy unworkable, and should therefore be discontinued by the Conference ' —waB lost, only the mover and seconder voting in its favor. It was resolved—' That this district meet ing expresses its approval of the action of the last General Conference in ordering regular end systematic interchanges of ministers be tween the respective annual conferences, and in view of the difficulty which has arisen in carrying out the law respectfully urges the Annual Conference of South Australia to sup port the General Conference in maintaining tha principle expressed in the new regulation for such interchanges.' On the motion of the Rev, C. T. Newman, the following resolution was carried unani monely : — ' That this district meeting views with alarm the proposal of the Government to subsidise private schools, believing that such a course would be injurious to tha present public school system, tand lead, to direct State aid to religion. It earnestly hopes that the proposal will be rejested by Parliament.' The application of the Pirie- street quarterly meeticg lor the Conference to withdraw the fouxtb. minister ftojo the circuit waa, at tha requeBt of the circuit stewards, withdrawn. The question of the teat of membership waB referred by the General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church to the quarterly and district meet ings throughout the colonies. Resolutions from various quarterly meetings in the dis trict were read, and a discussion ensued, The Rev. T. Llotd moved, and the Rev. C. ?. IfzwJfAN seconded, the following resolution : — ' That this district meeting, having received tbe reports from the quarterly nestings, in which the large majority cf tbe offieersot ou* church have decidedly uronounced their ver dict in favor of retaining the historic test of membership, we earnestly and respectfully urge the Conference to BtiU require members of the Wesleyan church to meet in class.' The Rev. T. Lloid thought that good had been done by the discussions on the subject. Even the young people had been led to examine the subject, and were b°ginmngto enquire whether the class meeting was not a neceeeaiy part of Methodism, The Rev. S. S. Casely proposed as an amendment — ' That this meeting recommends tbe adoption of the recommendation of the Conference on the question of membership, viz., ' That members of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church have their names enrolled in clasg books, and are strongly advised, to meet ia claBs.1 ' He was prepared to _ sustain the class meeting ss a spiritual institution, a meeting inside the chnrch, a meeting for those for whom it was a source of spiritual profit; but to make laws which would dismember many godly people who did not for various reasons attend the class meet ing, would be intolerant. Baptism and attend ance at the Lord's Supper were the only conditions recognised in the New Testament. Mr. D. Nock, in seconding the amendment, said their business as ministers and loosl preachers waa to bring people to Christ and keep them faithful to Him, and he thought it was poEsible for this to be accomplished in come caEes apart from compulsory meeting in class. The Rev. R M. Hckter said they ought not to lower their standard io order to meet a lower state of spiritual life. If they pat tbe class meeting on tbe same footing as tha prayer meeting tLey wonii find it wonld ba attended by smaller and smaller numbers. The testimon* of other Methodist Oanrche3 was to tbe effect that the class meetitur was doomed if it became a matter of being 'strcngly advised' instead of ' required to meet.' The Revs. J. Y. Simpson and E. Babbee supported the amendment, the latter maintaining that in British Methodism tfaera were two classes of memberB. Tae Rev. V- Tj Nbwmah urged that the class meeting famished tbe best means for the cnlture of the young life in their church. Mr. L . J. Funnell said that almoBt all their most active workers were those who were most conatantlyattenduig class meet ing. If they were destitute of the working force ropplied from their classes it would ba difficult to carry on the aggressive work of tbe church. Mr. S. Chubchwabd, B A - maintained that thoae who were voting for the resolution were voting in favor of dead-letter Illation and »nopSraUve ««*- merits. The Rev. G. E RowBSMd that history was all on the ride of toe position of those who maintained that the abolition ! oi tha class meeting as the test of membarAip Isd to eeriona desadencs. Attendance^ ^t.' tfajft . mtctirg witti the OTperFUion-it-eBsraea, njESbt the securing generally.pl ? jcsrtam - cocditidn of heart and .life. The premat : president of the Britiib Weatejna Oonfsrenw. — — -^ — — — -— ? — ? - —— - t»id ihat it would be 6nictdal for British Methodism to follow the Methodist Episcopal Obnrcfi of America in ttus direction. Tbe Bev. S. V. JBhhx* thooght some of them were torjretttnR that while Methodism W68 once » eocie*y it w*b now » chorch. If, as at finrti it was only a society within a church they would have tbe right to con duct it on the most rigid linen He held that as a church they should be prepared to embrace within its borders all who loved Che Lord Jeans Christ They must make their classes directive and instructive, but not im perative in character, What they wanted was the downponring of tike Holy Ghost. The class meetings originally were a result of epuitnal life rather than the cauBes of it. They must go back to the old-time preaching and spirit, and then there wonld be the old fire ' and .the crowding to the class meeting they desired to Bee. The Rev. T. Lloyd having replied, tbe amendment was pat and lost, Ihe motion being carried by 20 votes to 13, Tbf meetings of this district were resumed «.???. Thursday in the Pirie-Street lecture hall, t' e Bev. D 8. Wylie, president of tbe con f c r.Bce (chairman of the district) in tbe chair. \a snimttsd discussion took place, arising .-it of difficulties experienced in Mount Harker and other places in connection with T'r«5 carrying out of the local, committees' \- rsn^f-Kients for the British and Foreign : ie Society ?« agent The following reso i .,d »as unanimously adopted:— 'That : »ticg been pnbiicly discredited by the action of the Rev. G. Davidson in refusing to preach in the Wesleyan Church. Mount Barker, on behalf of the British and foreign Bible Society after arrangements bad been made, we appeal to tbe committee to prevent each an occurrence for the future by securing as deputation gentlemen who are free to occupy any pulpit.' The Secbetaby read the obituary of the late Archibald James Bogle, referring to the impor tant and useful character of his work, his devotion to duty, and the sanctity of his life. Tbe obituary was approved, and ordered to be entered upon the minutes. The probationers in the district (Messrs. H, Wilkinson and T. Trestrail) were examined by the chairman, and the reports of their sermons presented, both beiog recommended to Con ferencec and to be continued on trial for another year. Mr. T, Trestrail ofiered himself for foreign mission work, and the offer was re corded. . The twelve ruleB of a helper and the Liver ' pool minutes were then read, and a discussion followed. The thanks of the meeting were presented to the chairman, and the sessions closed. 