EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," " Strange Glues," -" Traced and Traoked," "Solved Mysteries," &a.; Ifae Spirit Irtish The artist came in looking halfaahamed of himself and his mission, and would not give even a hint of the nature of his case until he Bat with me alone. He was carelessly dressed, and wore a battered slouch hat, whioh he thrust back from his brow, and then, thrusting his hand into his pockets, sat looking across at me with a half- comical, half-tragic expression. His face was rather plain and coarse, though the eyes were fine; he was tall, broadly built, and good-humored looking; and appeared to be somewhere between thirty and forty. I rrther liked his expression as he sat there look ing straight into my eyes with a kind o f des pairing, child-like" simplicity, which said plainly, " Well, here I am, and you are sura to laugh at me, but there was no other course," 1 smiled at the look, and the smile broadened with us till we both laughed heartily before a word had been Bpoken. His first words would have been rather startling but for the broad smile and straight clear look, " Do you think I am mad—I mean, have I the look of a man whose mind is affected with out him knowing it 2" I looked at him; no'ed the long Sowing hair and fine eyes; and then said— "Are you a poet?" "No—haven't a spark cf it in me; never wrote a verse in my life." " Then I don't think you are mad." " Thank you; that is |my own opinion, but I like to get it from another, My name is George Bedford, and I am an artist by profes sion. I don't feel as if I were mad. I eat and sleep and work juBt as usual, and should never have troubled you but for the growing audacity of my tormentor. Now, before I tell you any thing about that I wish to aBk a question. If a peiBon'comea into my rooms—I am a bachelor, you must know, and in lodgings out at Hill square—if a parson comes into my rooms against my will and without my permission, and interferes with my work, even with the beBt of intentions; can I give that person in charge ?" "Ishould think bo—if you suffer any annoy ance or loss from the intrusion. Is it som9 bore of a friend 2" . " A perfect stranger, I have seen her often, and I know where she lives, for the place i3 near my own, but I do not know her, and never spoke to her in my life." " Good gracious! it's a woman then 2" "Yes ; are you frightened?" V Not at all, No man need be frightened by a woman; they are just like nettles—grip them firmly and their stiug is gone. But they are hard to shake off, and if you have given this one any encouragement——" "Encouragement! good gracious, man, I never Bpoke to her, and she never looked at me; but always slipped past with her eyes on the ground, looking as modest and sweet as Mar guerite. She does so yet. It is not her, but her spirit that haunts ma and wears my Ufa out." t( Oh, you mean that you are always think rgof her; that you are in love with her? I'm afraid the law has no remedy for that." "You mistake, I don't really know whether I love her or hate her—my brain gets into a perfect muddle when I think of it, I have certainly a liking for her as I see her and hear her in the body, but when it comes to being pestered with her disembodied spirit I must protest." " Disembodied spirit ? Is she dead then ?" "As lively aB I am, But she seems to have the knack of separating body and spirit at car tain times, and it is the spirit I want you to arrest." "Aspirit hath not flesh or bone3," I laugh ingly replied. "How could I get the hand cuffs on it?" "Oh, of course, if it were a real spirit. But though it looks real I have no doubt there is some conjuring trick in it, and you may either discover that or frighten the conjurers from annoying me again. The thing that puzzles me most is what object cau anyone have in so annoying me? lama quiet, peaceable man, with few friends and no enemies, and too poor for anyone to have an interest m my death." !?; " What does the annoyance consist of?'ap pearing before you in a white sheet, with a lantern made out of a turnip for a head ?" "No, no; this seems to be a much more artiBtic swindle than that—if it is a swindle, of which I am not at all sure. To tell you the tiutb, if anyone had told me of such an ap pearance I should have thought them either mad or dreaming; but I saw it all with my own eyes, and my pictures are there to show for themselves the bungling work of the spirit hand," '-'-It is not quite an 'R.A.' among spirits, then?" " Ear from it; and if I had known I was to be so much troubled I should never have looked at the girl." " Ah, we all say that, but only when it is too late." "I don't blame her " " No, we never do." " But that rascally spirit, for which I sup pose she i3 not responsible. The first time I noticed the girl was in Hill-square, bhe was paBBing into an entry just as I was leaving mine. She was quite poorly and plainly olad, for she is only a dressmaker, but Bhe carried some music in her hand, and that attracted my eye, for I play the fiddle a little myself," "Ah, I see it all now!" "How?" "Why, fiddlers are juat as daft a3 poets— at least I have always found them so; but go on." "She looked so pretty and modest, as if actually ashamed of her own beauty, and then her hands, and her figure, and carriage were of that fine model which never escapes a painter's eye. The timid! glance of her eyes followed me everywhere the whole day after, and I ventured to make some enquiries about her. and learned exactly where she lodged and where Bhe worked, and what shs had to live upon—eight shillings a week when she iB work ing, at other times nothing, The window of her room was at the opposite side of the corner of the square and at the top of the land, so though I could see the window I could not see into it. One night the window was raised to let in the cool evening air, and I heard a piano sounding Boftly down from the open casement. The piano was poor enough, but the playing was soft and sympathetic, as if the fiDgerB were juBtwandering dreamUyamong the noteB and picking out the rich harmonies at random. I knew it wa3 Bertha the dress maker, for 1 had caught a glimpse of her when opening the window. _ I sat drinking in the music tili it died away into perfect silence, I thought I painted better while listening. The bud went down, and I roBe from my work, took out my fiddle and began to play. Would you believe it 2 While I was playing I heard the piano above begin an accompaniment soft and sweet as the whisper of a guardian angel. There we were, perfect strangers to each other, yet making one music between us." I looked at his bright eyes and animated face in pity, It was clear that he was hope lessly smitten _ by the very girl againBt whom he fancied he was lodging a com plaint. Love can make all things appear beautiful, the roughest ways plain, and the greatest troubles heaven-Bent blessings. It puts a light into the eyes whioh is like no other on earth, and it was that light which now streamed upon me from the face of the artist. "You think I'm a fool, I see," he abruptly interposed, noticing the peculiar look, "No, not a fool—only a man," I signifi cantly answered. "Well?" "Several nights in succession I raised the sash of my window and tried th» same experi ment after she had done playing, and she always joined me with that soft, sweet accompaniment, I Tgot to think about her all day long", while Bhe was gone to the great shop in the New Town to stitch and sew for her miserable pay. Then I tried to guess the exact moment when she Bhould be free, and sometimes followed bet all the way home without her ever Beeing me, of course—for I would not have annoyed her for worlds. Sometimes I tried to move out of the square just as she was coming home, but rarely succeeded in meeting her face to face, and still moreraralygot alookintothose modest, shrinking eyes. Once I saw her go out with some sketching materials under hec arm, and then my happiness was complete, for painters have a bond of brotherhood between them, and I thought that I should have no diffioolty in speaking to her." "You did not know, then, of course, that she was such a dauber 2" " I was disappointed; X did not sea her for - days, and conld scarcely work for anxiety. I thought Bhe might be ill, or starving, or angry with me for looking at her; or following her. I little thought of what was coming." "The spirit, I suppose," I said with a grin, whioh he did not appear to relish, "I was awakened in the middle of the night by a great ring at the bell, I started up, thinking the house was afire, and looked at my watch by the light of the moon. It was just two o'clook. The furious ring was repeated, and, wondering how the landlady did not answer, I sprang out of bed, threw on soma tbingp,_ and _ crossed the room towards the 1 door, intending of Course'to paBs out into the ! lobby and open the outer door. Remember I was es widely awake arl am now, aud I had nottasted liquor for days, so there was no ohance of me imagining things. Juat as I crossed the toomf I heard the outer doos softly opened . and closed, and then distinctly heard a soft footstep moving along the lobby, •Soma of . the lodgers out late,' I thought, and I turned back towards the bed. I had. nearly, reached it when a touch at the handle of. th9 door of my sitting-room made me pauso aud lock round. The door wa3 opsujng aud a 3pirifc foim entering." " How was it dreaaed—fashionably 2" "It appeared to be the pretty drc33oiaker conr.e bodily to see me " "Ob. ob, Mr. Bedford J" "But I sooni saw that there ws3 a difference, lhe form waB her?, aud the Face .and.ey.93 and features were hers; but there was a filmy cliiai* met of hght through it all, and aha took no notice of me at all—did not appear consciou3 of my presence " " That was lucky." " She moved solemnly acrosa the roam to my easel, calmly Bested herself in my walking chair, took up the palette and maul, and began to paint. It was then that I became certain she was a spirit, for as she sat I could aes, right through her, every, article on the other" aide S3 «?t^? * had been looking through glass." it is1 not usual for a man in love to be able to see through the objeot of his devotion," I gravely remarked. "Well, did she begin to annoy you after that-to dance a Highland niDg, or something, like Catty Sark2" "No. there was no annoyance whatever at ^ rJ10 sat quietly paintingfor half an hour laid doJvn tfae Palette and brushes, and glided out of the room and the house. So tar as 1 could see there was no damage done to my picture, and I went to bed overpowered with astonishment at the strange event. I 0 t|n heard of people walking in their W through certain actions or 1?Q.ce®, tamil^r to them in their waking '"'5?b ,$bl8 d?d not look like a sleeping wJ! = aH* lt.^as aH ? trick it must have been some illusion thrown into my room from a window on the opposite Bide of the square 5?™b^ F?«a3s of a inagic lantern, That w»3 ? j S? £ roae 111 the morning, when I touches had really been added iS^?re y spirit .artist. The toucha3 had an odd appearance to me, being so foreign style, and at first I thought of EEm/Hul 2?* again' bat utter a little I 1 Hu ywer? improvements, and decided to let them remain," 'eaUy.1 think you have little to com EvE ± 2u,- a 10 l°v? with a pretty girl, I«i?oFi^yBi, -10-?8- juuaic to you unsought, and sends her opint into your room at night to ao a bard spell of work for you, aud, like a true and good woman, try to save you some care and toil. I wish there were more of such tor-' mentors in the world." , "9j?' ifc-^a?-a11 very w?ii at firat» he ra. turned, with bitter emphasis, "Ah, indeed—it usually is." \- But Bhe came back the next night aud spoiled more than she improved, She had come in more quietly, [too, for I knew nothing about it till morning, when I looked at my picture and thought I should have dropped, .1 Bhouted to the landlady, and she came and saw with he? own eyes the mischief that had been done, but insisted that not a soul had entered the house after 12 o'clock, I kioked up,a fearful row and accused some of hsr other i°£|0r.8'b.ut ,fcbe °uly answer I got was that if J. wanted to keep the dauber out I should lock the door of my room. It was good advice, though shea a. thick-headed woman that gave it, and after the passion went oif me I thought E-A°f^LTa & 1 took a light supper that . night, drank nothing, and not only locked my door on the inside, but fastened a string to the handle in Buch a way that it could not be opened without my wrist bemgituggedi I forgot for the moment that- locks are of no avail against spuitB. I waa awakened exactly at 2 o clock by the string on my wiist being *arted u,? t0 880 ths door wide 0P,e°and tb0 dre88™aker entering as coolly and calmly as if it had been her own home, A3 nulhto'ofr t- cnot *ook a' mo or take the slightest notice of my presence, but walked— if you can call it walking—to my seat as before mind Hit? t Painfc* Now, I had made up my ?LBh° aPPsared again I should orv one, What the deuce do you want here 2' but somehow the sight of the sweet tensive face and graceful form made the words'stick in my throat, I let her paint on, though groan^e over the thought of the tVo hours' wo?k I ISBu?l KfWrigh'cj^ain themora ?* "up 4 was determined this time to be &CcfettaVa; V:Us a spirit and not a body that had mtrudea; so after politely allowing forward!? oh* w°lsfc,at Picture I stepped forward a,B she rose to leave, and standing right' between hor and the door I made acfutohat her shoulder. She looked me full in the face mly3 ? Tedtog£a3p 0Dl7 tba air; she passed straight on; the shimmering, filmy and than ,3 I3oment seemed to envelop me, 3?r- the do£r was °P3ned a»d closed, and f?w i gt0nl' 1 sprang at the door and found it fast locked on the inside*" • " ^nd i">w did you see all that 2" Well, there was no moon that night, but she seemed to give out her own light—to be a kind of concentrated moonlight." pike, a stale fiBh in the dark, What a . no??yirWl \ a ,?an .groaning under baavy pendent" W 6 feel qt"ta inda' mllnin£Dh«!i bed It tbink ifc ov0r« and in the I^dy " another storm with tha land f.&.teha?sred moo,,,ieM w »JlSpoiledJ*i0 J?ork °.f days. And this has ,n?£' ®i'i 1 can endure it no longer. And yet, if you saw the girl by day, you would see at a glance that she is innocent ^ wickedness. It is her spirit, aat free at night and uncontrolled by her body* which doeB the mischief. I have a book on tha subject which I am willing to lend to you, which proves that suoh a division ia not only possible, but occurs frequently." T y*n' bu*tbat won'fc b0 necessary if I get hold of youc tormentor, for she will ba able to explain all, Fancy me marching off a woman of condensed moonlight to the office here, and formally chargingher with feloniously entering your dwelling and malioioualy injur mg your pictures ! How am I to grip har 2 You said it was just like grasping the air. I would need a large glass Jbottle.to put her into, with an unpickable spirit-proof lock on the atoppsr." I see you don't believe in her at all," ha said, with a faint smile and looking a littla sheepish, " I wish I could catch your spirit, for a month or two ago, before I saw it with my own eyes and read of it in the book; I waa just as sceptical as you. But if the whole u a trick and a fraud surely you will help ma to lay hands on the tricksters 2" _ " Willingly. I have got interested ia your story, and should like to discover who or what is haunting you. But I have had so many mysterious cases of the kind brought to m3 before now which turned out to be laughably simple, that you will excuse a littla apparent levity on my part. The moat solemn subjects are laughable to an outsider—even the tragia speeches and reproaches of lovers, whioh ara life or death to them, only excite a .grin with the onlooker. The very cleverest of ua saaa only the surface of things," The remarkB appeared to soothe and en courage him, and we discussed the poaitiou gravely and seriously, with the result that E aeked him first to let me have a good look at the girl who had firat bewitched him and than turned herself into a troublesome spiiit artist, and afterward to allow me to spend a night with him in his rooms, that I might-be witness of the wonderful pranks of the "condensed moonlight." "Perhaps she won't come when you ara there 2 he apprehensively suggested, and I ad mitted that such an occurrence waa extremely likely. Spiritists can never get any demon stration of importance when I am present, and deolare that my presence keeps thsir obedient ghostB at a distance. The most wonderful things ara Been only when beliavsrs are present. But even supposing the whole to ba a, clever bit of conjuring, nothing was mora likely than that the authors should ba awara of stranger's presence and fear detection, npawayfor the night* 1 b&<i aa idea that there was no second person in the caBe at all,_ but that Bedford waa himself • conjuror, simpleton, and spirit all in one, ana tbat therefore we should not be disturbed in our watch, but in this I waa mis- . taKen, Seven o'clock was the hour at which the dressmaker left work, and as the shop waa over in Prlncea-streBt we had only to go into the gardens opposite at that hour and wait till she appeared. She moved but slowly, aud stopped more than once to look in at shop win dows, so I had more than one good look into ■ her face. I cannot say that I saw in it the beauty which the artist praised so extrava ganHy. The features were good and the eyea . lovely, but had it not been for one thing she wouldhave appeared to me a very ordinary • gitl. ^ That was the unmistakable look of purity and innocence, which beautifies tha richest and poorest alike—a kind of seal and -stamp of heaveawhich needs nothing earthly to sat it * 2?* Pn0®!®88 possession, which shines from the. face of a woman with a lustre besida which diamonds are dim, enveloped the girl before me like a halo, and made her appear beautiM even to nay eyes. I could not but admit to the artist before we reaohed Hill square that I was convinced that that girl at len81 had no hand in the conspiracy front which he seemed to be suffering, Wa patted for the time, and in three hours £ returned, and waB taken quietly up tha stair to hiB lodging by Bedford. He was anxious to let no one know of my presence, aud the ingenions plan whioh he took waa to slip off bis boots on the landing, admit ua with his latch key, and walk straight to his room in silence. The result was that only one person appeared to have entered, as only my foot steps sounded on the lobby. Once in tharoom we conversed only in whispers, and but seldom even in these. Silence and darkness, combinodl with a barf day's woik, gradually overcame me, and J.fell asleep m the easy chair assigned to me by the artist, bat he was too excited foe that, and never Closed, an ■-eye. No spirit ap peared, but abont midnight Bedford laid hia ba,hd on my. shoulder with a sharp— . '' Hush! do you hehr tint 2" 1 was awake ib a momen\ and plainly heard the sound of. soma ote^ambling.wiU» tha kev holei of tl q outer dor-r as-if tryinig to inaart V latch-key, fcpt always misaicg thf tight spat. At length, alter some subdued cursing, the keyhole was found and the door opened, and very methodically closed and locked on the inside. Slow, heavy footsteps then sounded on the lobby floor, which approached the door of the artist's room and made him clutch my arm again with the wordB— " Now yon shall see it with your own eyes ! The door opened, and by the dim light I could just make out that the intruder was a man, and not very steady on hiB feet. I had Eioelt him—or rather the whiBky he bad swallowed—before hiB entrance, but now it nearly knocked me down, half a room off. For a moment or two he fumbled about the table, and then sidled round towardB the mantel piece, nearly treading on my foot as he did eo. He bad just got bis hand on the mantel piece when Bedford and I grappled with him on either side. The yell he gave out nearly took the roof off. " Murder 1 thieves! robbers! help! Mra. Mason! Mrs. Mason!" he luBtily roared. flghtinghardtoBhakeusoff; and the uproar brought in the landlady and some of the other lodgetB, all in their nightdresses, and forming a comical Bpectacle to all but our prisoner. When a light was struck I got the handcuffs on hiB wrists, and then his roaring and protesting increased. He stared stupidly at every face, and particularly at that of the landlady, and then exclaimed— " You Bhall Buffer for this outrage. Where is Mrs. Mason, my landlady, and what ate you doing in my room at such an hour ? Would you murder me 2 1 believe you're fit for it, Help! murder! police 2" " Donh shout! I am not deaf," I remarked, "I am one of the police, and you are my prisoner." "Prisoner! prisoner! What* have I done2" he demanded, quite sobered with astonishment, "You are charged with feloniously entering Mr.Fairbaim's house by means of a false key, and Mr, Bedford's roomB with the intention of maliciously injuring his pictures," " Pictures 2 Bedford 2 Fairbairn 2 Who's Mrs. Fairbairn!" "I am," sharply interposed the white-robed landlady. "I'm the mistress of this house, and yon have nae richt to be here." "You're the mistress of this houBe now, and Mrs. Mason was the landlady when I went out," the man amazedly returned, blinking about him like an owl suddenly brought into a blaze of light. " One of us must be daft, and I don't think it's me." "Mrs, Mason, indeed!" cried the landlady screwing up her nose; " she's a door farrar up, and haB a hoose no to be compared wi' mine and only half the rent." " Good God, iB it possible 2 Then I've come up a stair too little," qaid the prisoner. " I was a little muddled; yet I am certain I counted three storeys." " Aye, an' made up a dizzen after ye got in," gruffly returned the landlady. -'Tak' him awa', Mr. Policeman, he's amurderous-looking rascal, and I shouldna wonder but he really is ane o' Mrs. Mason's lodgers. They're a low eet every ane o' them, like the woman that keeps them." " I'm a medical Btudent, as I can prove, and I dare yon to arreBt me at your peril," cried the prisoner. " Send up for Mrs, MaBon now, and aBk her if I am not her lodger and a re spectable man." " Send for her 1 Ob, she'll swear onythiug," spitefully retorted the landlady. if She swore in the Police Court that I didna keep my Btair clean and had me fined five shillings! The besom 2 and wha could keep a clean stair wi' her dirty elates and her low lodgerB aye eklytin'owreit? She's a wicked woman, and I wadna wonder but she's in the plot, too—a' made up to rob and murder us in oor beds." j She Baid a great deal more at the rate of the 1 fastest telegraph yet invented, and which I have therefore forgotten, but I settled the matter by sending up for Mrs, Mason, who j promptly identified the prisoner as a medical student lodging with her, and perfectly honest ! and upright in all his dealings, It was proved j aleo that the latch-key used by the student fitted and opened both doors alike, and even Bedford joined in asking that the student should be set free. As a drunken student was ! a capture the very antipodes of a fair spirit, made of condensed moonlight, I had no hesita tion in complying; and up in the room above, which closely resembled that of Bedford's, wa three Bat and drank each others very good health, and Bat and Bmoked and laughed like old friends for two hours after. Strange to say from that night Bedford was troubled no more with visits from the spirit artist, Through Mrs. Mason he was introduced to Bertha, the dressmaker, in the body, and they got on so well that he agreed to give her lessonB in painting. Lessons in painting! lessons in love would have been a better name for it, Baring the spare hours of the dress maker they were hardly ever apart, and seeing eo much of the substance I Buppose had quite banished the shadow. The usual result fol lowed, for Bertha became Mrs. Bedford, and I must add grew more beautiful after her mar riage than Bhe had been before. Her temper waBeven and her disposition affectionate, and the hard life she had lead made the struggles of an artist's wife nothing to her when all was eweetened by love. It waB from this amiable woman's own lips that I got the only plausible explanation I have to offer of the mysterv in this case. Like all artists, Bedford was ambi tiocs to add R.A. to bis name, and, with a suggestion from his wife, paiuted a picture with a view to influence his election to that honor. But the time for the sending in of the picture came and found it still far from finished. Bed lord was in desperation, and worked as faBt and continuously as the drying of the oolors would allow. The night before the time for sending in the picture bis wife w&b; surprised to find him rise from her side m bedand walk into his studio, and there sit calmly painting without looking at her or appearing conscious of her presence, What he painted was not daubiug either, but decidedly an improvement. Had it been otherwise his watchful wife would have stopped him at all risks. Next day Bedford noticed - the new touches, and smilingly accused his wife ci having put them in. She denied it, and told him he had done it in his sleep, but to this day he firmly believes that they were the work of hiB loving and gifted wife, and that ha ewes nearly all bis success to those touches from her magic fingers. It is a delusion; but, if & delusion be a pleasing one and help a man to glide smoothly and joyously through life, a delusion iB not a bad thing. The title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue will be THE SWELL MOBSMAN'S DIAMOND RING. 