I BABNAWAJITHA. from .ou» /mbbbpondbnt. Somo write for -'-«Hcholar8, Bomo write to yroro they 4 ' ' ' ' But oa toy horn la gottinjr ageu, I wrltn to round up dollar. But ffontle redder do not thliik u no tlollnrS fly ettoroastug Sometimes I write to liolu a friend As through this world uo'fl The Barny juvenile cricketers played a match on their own ground against the Chiltem juveniles, and, like the oldsters, got a proper licking. Barny has evi dently mistaittirl iter vocation, fur the ftricIcAtlncr htiainnaa ia knv fnrfn AVhat Barny ' shines in is football, run ning, jumping, racing, wrestling and boxing. In any of those athletic exercises she is open to all comers, having every confidence if she don't win, she will be nble to do tbe other thing and not moke any blow about it either. , A grand ball and supper under the auspices Of quite a number of the sweetest nnd prettiest divinities in tbe neighbourhood will take place (Barkis is willing) at the large brick store, at present untenanted, next to tho Belmont Hotel, on Friday next, Match 1st, when all the elite of tbe district are expected to be present. Tho cuisino is exD'flfifed to be something exceptional and the music divine — but of that more anon. Tbe building of tbe now Barny rail way atation iB progreasing rapidly, i.e. in the fodnddtlon, which seoma to be no unimportant part of the Undertaking. The masses of bricks, the mountains of gravel and sand, the piles of building material nnd heterogenous paraphernalia are something immense, strikingly sug gestive of the re building of Chicago after the great lire. It is intended to be the handsomest station on the N.E. line and expected to be the envy of evory station master not appointed there.! It's vory evident snakes are the most' twisty nnd unpopular denizena of our bush. They are thorough Iabmoelites: their tooth is against every man and! every man's heel against them. They: have borne bad characters and boen looked down npon ever since one of them de-; coyed mother Eve into tbe frait business. It seems quite a mistake they were ever invontod (going about like their reputed patriarchal ancestor seeking whom they may devour) for only last evening n magnificent brahma cochin mammoth rooster, standing 2 feet DJ inches high in his bare feet, the property of Ladv Dowager Quirk, tlio admiration of nil beholders (the rooster I moan, I refrain from expressing my admiration of the Lady Dowager) woe bitten by a large tiger snake in the upper lip, and assassin- like the snake immediately and igno- miniously decamped. The rooster, feeling no doubt that bis doom was sealed, rushed to some water ndiacent and drank greedily (ovideatly wishing to die moist) then almost instantly let out a most discordant aud unearthly shriek, sprang some 15 or (i feet in the air, landing on his ' back, curled up liis toes and promptly gave up the ghost His bead immediately turned a bright blue. It was hard to be struck down in the early prime of life and leave audi a liumbor of comely wives to mourn his lass. 