paracljral Iniglltgnta. Beechworth. — On the evening of 25tb ult. the Ven. Archdeacon Her ring delivered a lecture in the Oddfellows' Hall, on ' Our Earliest Ancestors, the Ancient Britons.' The chair was occupied by the president of the united shire (Mr. A. A. Billson), and the audience, though not a large one, accorded a most attentive hearing to the lecture, which was an interesting outline of the history of our British forefathers, and a graphic description of their manners, customs, rites, and ceremonies The lecturer illustrated his remarks by a series of colored diagrams, and at the conclusion of the lecture was accorded a vote of thanks, on the proposition of Mr. H. Swan, seconded by Mr. Warren. &t; intervals during the evening pianoforte selections were tastefully rendered by Misses Foster, Alice Perry and Lily Foster. The night's entertainment was concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman, proposed by the archdeacon, Ben ALL A. — This parish was visited on the 28th May by the Lord Bishop for the purpose of holding a Confirmation, and opeiring a sale i -f gifts. The Incumbent presented 24 candidates to receive the 'Laying on of Hands.' Two earnest addresses were delivered by his lordship, which were listened to with earnest attention by parents and friends, as well as the candidates. A sale of gifts was opened in the Shire hall, at. eight o'clock, and a good address delivered by the Eight Rev. Prelate, on ' Early education and suitable places to impart it in.' After declaring the sale open, the Bishop visited the stalls and made some purchases. The sum realised towards the erection of a schoolroom is close on. £70, so the hope is that at no distant future the end in view will be accomplished. It is the wish of the vestry that on the next visit of the Bishop, he will be able to give a Sunday, as on this occasion his visit was rather hurried, and the people disap pointed who were not able to stay for the address. Boomahnoomoonah. — A meeting of the congregation of the church was held at the State school on Thursday evening, June 13th. As a piece of land (half-an-acre) had been lately given by Mr. Townsend for a church building, this meeting was summoned to see what steps should be taken about raising funds. Although the roads were very bad there was a fair attendance. It was unanimously decided that it is desirable that a church be built. Mr. George Abbott was appointed secretary, and Mr. Bott was appointed treasurer. Subscription lists were opened and given in charge to Messrs. Bott, Pigdon, Abbott, and Trotman. A sum of £29 in all was promised by those in the room. After further discussion it was decided that a tea-meeting and concert should be held in September in the State school in aid of the Church Building Fund. A building Committee was then elected. The members appointed were Messrs. Pigdon, Bott, Abbott, Trotman, Morris, Townsend, and the incum bent (Rev. R. H. Potter). After a resolution was carried that another meeting be held in a month, the proceedings were brought to a close. I Bright. — On Monday, the 27th May, the Lord Bishop of Mel [ bourne administered the rite of confirmation to fourteen young people in All Saints', Bright, and in the presence of a large and over flowing congregation. Despite the fact that the service was at half past seven in the evening, that the night was dark, and the weather I threatening, yet many came long distances from several parts of the district to be present at a ceremonial which was felt by all the congregation to be beautifully impressive, rendered specially so by the earnest and eloquent addresses of the Bishop to the candidates ? and congregation. The church was handsomely decorated for the occasian with white flowers and devices in wool, and the singing was bright and cheerful. His Lordship left on Tuesday morning for Myrtleford, en route to Benalla. FitzROY, St. Mark's.— The Whitsuntide services in this Church were generally well attended. On Whit Sunday the Holy Communion \\- wasjcelebrated at 7.30 and 11. At Evensong, the Sacrament of Holy Baptism was administered to sixteen adult candidates. The service was very solemn and impressive and was attended by a crowded congregation. On Friday evening, June 21, the Lord Bishop ad ministered the holy rite of Confirmation to seventy -four candidates ; four from St. Peter's Parish, twenty-seven from St. Andrew's, Clifton Hill, and forty-three from St. Mark's Parish. The service was attended 'by a very large congregation, which joined very heartily in the hymns. The candidates were presented by the Eevs. Canon Handfield, E. H. Thomas, and J. F. Stretch. Hawthorn, St. Columb's. — The anniversary festival in connection with this Church was held in the Church on Monday evening last. St. Columb's Day really fell upon Sunday, but this being Whit Sunday, the usual festival service was held on the following evening. The church was beautifully decorated, the taste and skill shown by the decorator's guild being warmly commended on all sides. The good effect of the decorator's handiwork was also greatly enhanced by a fine collection of foliage plants, kindly lent by Mr. Richard Ardagh, and tastefully arranged upon the chancel steps. The service was, as usual, fully choral; the Rev. J. F. Stretch, of St. Mark's, Fitzroy, acting as precentor, and the preces and responses being sung to the familiar service of Tallis. The choir, numbering 36 voices, rendered the musical parts of the service with great taste and spirit, the solo in the anthem being sung by Miss Cadwallader, and the offertory — a duet from ' Placida ' — by Mrs. Goulden and Miss Wright, with feeling aud expression. The lessons were read by the Rev. William Green, of Surrey Hills, and the incumbent ; and the sermon was preached by the Rev. C. J. Godby, of Malvern, from I. Cor. xii. 27, great stress being laid by the preacher upon the value of united effort, when all parts of the great Church of Christ work harmoniously together, each striving to fill as best he can the post to which he is called in the providence of God. There was a good congregation, and the offertory was in aid of the choir fund. After the service, the choir adjourned to the guild room to partake of refreshments at the invitation of the incumbent, who, in a few well chosen and highly complimentary remarks, presented to Mr. Goulden, the organist, a very handsome illuminated address, together with a polished oak inkstand and paper case, as a memento of St. Columb's Day, 1889, from the choir, and as a token of the esteem and regard in which he is held by them. Mr. Goulden briefly returned thanks, expressing his satisfaction, at the interest shown by the Choir in the Church work, and the proficiency to which they had attained. He hoped that the cordial relations now existing might long continue, and that the church and all connected with it might continue to prosper aa had been the case in the past. Altogether the festival was pronounced the most successful which has yet been held in the parish. Kangaroo Flat. — At St. Mary's there has just been concluded a ten days' mission. The services were better attended than could have been expected, considering the weather. The two Sundays the church was filled, every available seat being occupied. During the week the services were largely attended ; nothing could exceed the earnest and rapt attention of the congregation ; there were also many indie itions of blessing. Mr. Gladstone, the missioner, is a young man of promise ; he possesses a clear head and warm heart, and presents the gospel with much clearness and power. The incumbent, the Kev. J. H. Frewin, is a very earnest clergyman, and a mission preacher of long standing and experience. He is to be commended for trying to bring out some of our young men ; it is the great want of our churches. He has given two of his sons to the Church, and a third preaches to the deaf and dumb every Sunday, and gives all his spare time to work amongst them. There is always warmth and life in his church ; it is almost like a continued mission ; yet«he believes that sometimes it is good to have a warm -hearted stranger to tell out the grand old, yet ever new, gospel in a different way and with a fresh voice. At the closing service the wisdom of this was clearly seen by the many notes handed in, some stating that they had been greatly refreshed, others that they had been led to the Saviour. Addresses were given at this meeting — which partook more of the character of a public meeting than a service — by the Rev. R. Buchanan, Rev. J. F. Frewin, and the missioner, after which the general thanksgiving was repeated by the whole congregation, the doxology sung, and the benediction pronounced, and thus closed a mission that will be long remembered by all who had the pleasure to be present. — Communicated. Liltdale.— The Bishop arrived in Lilydale on the evening of June 19th, and preached at St. John's an interesting and thoroughly appreciated sermon. The night was unfavourable, there being no moonlight, and the roads were bad, else' the distant members of the congregation who habitually attend morning service would have been present. His Lordship stayed for the night at Colonel Hutton's. Considering that the church in this prettily situated township has lost more members lately than it has gained, owing to the results of ' the land boom,' there is on the whole marked progress. The debt is being considerably reduced, necessary improvements are being effected, and the Sunday-school is prospering. A general wish has been expressed that the Bishop may rind it convenient to preach in Lilydale next time on a Sunday. Ptiahran. — The ineumbent of St. Matthew's Church has com menced a series of monthly addresses or lecturettes on some aspect of missionary effort or field of operations. On Wednesday, 12th ult., the subject was 'Japan,'' when an account was given of that m -st interesting field of missionary labour. On Thursday, 13th ult., a social meeting of the congregation was held, to which the people were invited by notice in church, to meet the clergy and guardians. A very pleasant eveninr was spe t. Anthems were sung by the choir, sacred song-s by members of the choir and other friends in the congregation, and a recitation was given. In a short address given by Canon Langley at the close, reference was made to the great assistance given to the church by Mr. C. Truelove, in giving so much of his time to the improvement of the choir. It was also mentioned that a singing class was to be immediately commenced under the direction of Mr. Mavor. Plans for a new school-room have been prepared, to co-t £4000. It is to be to all intents a model school, as all the latest improvements are to be incorporated. A good many subscriptions have already been sent in. Further contributions are solicited, not only from our own congregation, but from our many friends outside. Land has been purchased for a parsonage in ' The Avenue.' The hope is entertained that a suitable house will soon be erected there, as the present arrangement for the residence of the incumbent is very inconvenient to both clergyman and people. Tcngamah. — The memorial stone of S. Alban's Church was laid by the Venerable Archdeacon Herring on Holy Thursday, at half past three in the afternoon, in the presence of about 60 people. The form of service appointed for such occasions was used. Prayers were read by the Rev. H. Potter (incumbent of the district), and a short address was given by the Archdeacon. A sealed bottle, con taining copies of the local papers, several coins, and a scroll giving the names of the officers of the church, was placed in a cavity beneath the stone. After a copy of the scroll had been read by Mr. Henry, the honorary secretary of the church committee, the stone was laid by the Archdeacon with these words : — ' In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this- memorial stone of a church to be called S. Alban's, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy G-host. Amen.' In the course of his address the Archdeacon stated that the total cost of that part of the church now being erected would be about £550, Of this amount £250 was already in hand, and £150 had been promised. It was the intention of the church authorities to borrow the remaining £150 from the Bishop-in- Council. A short account of S. Alban, after whom the church was named, was also given. After the address offerings were collected (which amounted in all to £5), and placed upon the stone. The hymn, ' We love the place, O God,'' was then sung, and the Archdeacon pronounced the benediction. In the evening a lecture was delivered by the Archdeacon in the Mechanics' Hall, on ' Our Earliest Ancestors, the Ancient Britons.' The lecture was graphically illustrated by a series of drawings depicting certain incidents to which the lecturer referred. The attendance was small, but those present seemed greatly interested in all that was said. The lecture was in aid of the Buiding Fund. Since the laying of the memorial stone the builder of S. Alban's has made good progress with his -work. He hopes to have the church finished early in the month of August. Wabbukton. — Archdeacon Stretch left Melbourne for Lilydale by the early train on June 20th, on his way to Warburton, 25 miles further on. This picturesque mountain region has lately had several new residents from Melbourne and suburbs, and the object of the Archdeacon's visit was to ascertain whether the time was ripe for stationing a reader there. He was favourably impressed, and after forming a Committee, promised to send a man as soon as possible to work up the district. For some time past a monthly service has been provided from Healesville, but both the Bishop and the Arch» deacon are desirous that the church people in Warburton should in future have their spiritual wants more adequately supplied. Woodend. — It will be fresh in the recollection of many that a ten days' mission was conducted in Woodend three months ago by the Rev. W. G. Hindley. That gentleman promised at the time that he would, pay Woodend another visit in a short time. He fulfilled his promise' on June 9th. The clay being Whit Sunday there were two celebrations of Holy Communion, at 8 o'clock in the morning, arid at the 11 o'clock service. In the earlier part of the day the weather was very unpropitious, being very cold and very showery. Never theless the number of communicants was only three short of what it was on Easter Day, when the weather was all that could be desired. Mr, Hindley was the celebrant at both celebrations, and the preacher for the day. In the morning he delivered a sermon on the text, ' I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you for e\er ;' and in the evening he preached from the words, 'Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts, and said unto Peter, and the rest of the Apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?' The preacher made special reference to the Church's teaching for the day, and his utterances were very earnest and impressive. The morning congre gation was not so large as it would have been had the weather not been so unfavorable, but in the evening the church was crowded. One pleasing feature was the heartiness of the services. Both in the canticles and hymns almost all present seemed to be singing, and in the evening especially, the volume of sound thus produced was very striking. At the close of the evening service an after meeting was held of the members of the Guild of the Holy Sacrament. A large number of the members were present, and these Mr. Hindley addressed in a manner that touched every heart. He reminded them of their obligations and privileges as members of the Guild. He, too, was a member, and therefore day by day they were praying for him. and he for them, all using the same Guild prayer. The reverend gentleman said that they had all been very much in his thoughts and his prayers ever since the mission. He knew something of the world and something of human nature, and he had often anxiously thought of the temptations which, after the mission was over, would be sure to try their faith and their constancy. They would remem ber that St. John related that after many who once followed the Lord Jesus had departed from Him, he said to the Apos'les, 'Will ye also go away?' There was something wondrously pathetic in the appeal of the Lord to those who had held such sweet communion with Him, and listened to His gracious words, and beheld His pure and beautiful life, and His works of goodness and mercy. Probably there had been times in the spiritual experience of those whom he (Mr. Hindley) was then addressing, when they also had heard the Lord saying to them, 'Will ye also go away?' He prayed if ever such seasons should come again to them or himself, they might all have grace to answer as St. Peter did, 'Lord to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of Eternal life.' All present then joined in the singing of the hymn commencing, 'Through the night of doubt and sorrow.' Mr. Hindley then offered a prayer, and pronounced the Benediction. At the close of the meeting all those who had not done so signed the declaration as membsrs of the guild. The offertories for the two services, amounting to between five and six pounds, were for the Bishop of Melbourne's fund, instead of the usual offertories in November. On the following Monday evening, Mr. Hiudley de livered a very interesting and instructive address to the associates and members of the Woodend branch of Girls' Friendly Society. It was the ordinary monthly meeting, and there was a large attendance. } ? ===== ? ? 