THE ALFRED HALL ORANGE CELEBRATION. TO THE EDITOR. - Yours, &c.;, FAIR PLAY. SIR, —The speeches delivered at the recent Orange celebration in the Alfred Hall, to judge from the reports published, do not seem to have been very remarkable for the display of “ sweetness and light" which Matthew Arnold holds._to be essential ele ments of true culture, refinement, and civilisation. The chairman, lir R. T. Vale, was as bitter in his attacks on bis Catholic neighbors as if his digestion had been de ranged by a surfeit of sour beer. What harm have his Catholic fellow-colonists done him? In what have they offended, that he should bo so very aggressive in his denuncia tions of them ? He docs not tell us. lir Vale cherishes th*e memory of “ the great, glorious, aud immortal William;” have the Catholics made any attempts to interfere in his heio worship ? lir Vale rejoiaes in the privilege of private judgment. Why should the Catholics be abused by him for exercising their own private judgment in loyally and obediently submitting to the lights of their conscience, and the guidance of their church ? Brother Vale glories in the blessings of freedom, aud , would resent as an intolerable, tyranny any 'encroachment on his right to think as he lists. Who gave him power jand authority to deny to others that freedom which he claims for himself ? To do unto others as he would wish to be done to does not seem to be part of Brother Vale’s programme. But if “ sweetness and light” were conspicuous by their absence, logic seems to have been equally, excluded from the Alfred Hall pro ceedings. The chairinau,in order to impress the brethren and sisters with a proper sense of the blessings of Orangeism, gave vent to the following utterance:—“ The first few years in the colony the Romanists went ahead, and now where are they?” He was followed; by the Rev. J. B. Johnson—a Welsh-Irish-Euglishman, as he described, himself. Brother Johnson said :—“ They should do their best against the dark erroneous Church of Rome, and protest strongly against their encroachments.” If, as Brother R. T. Vale will. have it, “the Romanists, at present, are nowhere,” why, in the name of. logic, does Brother Johnson want Orangemen and .Orangewomen to pro test against the encroachments of the Roman' Church ! How.can people encroach, who are nowhere?' But the Rev. , J. 8... Jolmson waxed truly eloquent when taking his. audi ence more fully into his confidence he told them ’ that his blood was stirred when he heard that a . college called “ the Holy Ghost was. to be erected in Ballarat. This..was ; a: most blasphemous designation.” Just.fancy, there Was great applause after ' Br Johnson-, had delivered himself of this sentiment. It'is useless to. ask this Welsh-Irish-Etiglisliiuuu, good easy man',’whether'he has ever visited the Uni versities of Oxford or Cambridge. From tho tone of his' address 1 it is clear the rev. gentle man-'has' never been 'contaminated by the culture, „ refinement, and,, .influences .which prevail in those seats of learning. Had he even read .a . guide book, of the country he' claims to-be sprung from, he should have known that many centuries ag6; longjbefore such new-fangled organisations as Orauge isiiij united-and -disunited,-were talked of, onr English Catholic forefathers founded >ll Oxford, Cambridge, aud elsewhere, colleges which they, without fear-of-- incurring the charge of blasphemy, devoutly' called “ The College of tho. Most Holy Trinity,” “Jesus’ College,” ‘‘Corpus, Chrisii College,” “Christ Church College,” “All -Souls’ College,&e.;,' and these titles en ligliteued churchmen.. and staunch Pro testants have ; used and are using 'to this day, and no sune ina.u .'ltns'cver proposed to have the titles of these colleges abolished, as savoring of-blasphemy.' Even the virgin Queen .-Elizabeth, who, by her virtues and her toleratiou, has proved herself such a Worthy-bulwark of the “ Reformation” 'in England, wishing to implant true Protestant ism into Irelaud, founded and endowed for that purpose a college in' the Univer sity of . Dublin, which in the charter, signed by .her .roval hand, is styled “ The College of the Most Holy Trinity.” The students of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin talk of playing against “Christ’s,” against “ Old Trinity." -They use such phrases as “Corpus,” “Trinity,” or “Jesus” is weak on the river this year, &c.;, and uever suspect that by so doing they are guilty of .blasphemy;.nor is it on record that any of their tutors—men mostly learned in divinity, and who, let us charitably suppose, enter tain ns great ahorror for blasphemy as the Rev. J. B. Johnson—ever attempted to re form the parlance of’their students in these particulars. But why talk to this Welsh: Irisli- Eiigliahman of Oxford, Cambridge, or Dublin? Has he ever heard of Trinity Col lege in Melbourne? and if so, has his blood ever been stirred at tho profanity of people using that name in connection with a mero college? It is, then, sheer ignorance to talk of blasphemy iii the case of ihe 'Holy Ghost College of Ballarat. . For this “ learned" divine, however ingenious in his logic, would not; I am sure, make us 'believe, that there is more profanity in using the iiame-nf the. third'peraou of the Holy Trinity than that of the secoud or the Holy Trinity itself in conuectionwith a church'or .college, or that what is allowable, and commendable iu Ox ford, Cambridge; Dnbliu, or Melbourne becomes blasphemous when used iu Ballarat. In cbnclusi.on, let us sincerely hope that when’ Brother J. B. ; Jolmspii’s blood will be -ptirred again, aud Ire chooses to inform the public of the fact, lie will be able to give-a better, a more enlightened, as well'as a more theological reason for the phenomenon. 