? Tun female prisoners at Darliughurst, Sydney, have struck work—for shorter hours, we presume. OBJECTIONS have been made by residents near St. Kilda Beach against the practice of bathing horses there. It does seem rather indelicate when one conies to think of it calmly. The horses should be either supplied with bathing suits or made to take their dip out of horse-boxes. THE conductor of a N.S.W. choir was presented by his congregation with a travelling-bag last week. The congregation also intimated that they would be glad to purchase for him a ticket on a home-going packet. As a sensible man should do, the musician accepted thankfully both bag and ticket. MEMBERS of Parliament, distinguished visitors, lecturers on educational subjects, organisers of charity entertainments and the army known as the "unemployed," have all free passes over the New South Wales Railways. It is hardly worth while to ask the rest of the population to purchase tickets. THAT proud pug., the " Welsh Laddie," made his bow to a Queensland police magist-ate one day, lately. " Fighting and drinking; ?" asked the P.M. "Only fighting, your Worship ; I'm a pugilist by profession." "Go and be a hodman ©r dam-sinker by profession ! If you come here again I'll teach you stone-breaking." A WRITER in the Edinburgh Bedew states that in his opinion "Melbourne is the strongest and best defended port in the Empire." He evidently knows what he is speaking about. Haven't we in addition to our other defences the onion batteries of Portarlington ? It would be' a powerful enemy that would have much fight left in him after running the gauntlet of these. A BOY* was lately advertised for in the Age as missing. He was " described as having three small moles on cheek below left ear, two very large front teeth, small l'td mark on nose near corner of the eye, jacket torn be lind in half square/' If we were that boy we vi oul 1 go home—and break every window in the establishment. A parent who would describe his son in such cruel and insulting terms should receive no quarter. SIB HENRY PARKES favours a change in the method of organising Governments. He would have each Minister individually responsible for the measures he himself brings in, instead of holding, as at present, the entire Cabinet responsible. That practice actually obtains in Italy to-day. It would be a convenient one on many occasions if acclimatised in New South Wales, Sir Henry, like the last rose of summer, would stay in bloom, while colleagues went down like ninepins all around him. OUT of a population of 2000 in Honolulu, 1000 are subscribers to the telephone companies. We infer from this that the happy Honoluluians take their telephone tubes to bed with them and call each other liars with impunity all night. When you come to think of it there is a great advantage in being a subscriber to a telephone. You call a man all the horse-thieves and members of Parliament you like in ease and security. He can't kick you through a tube. IT might have happened—practically it did happen—at the inquest on the cause of the Bijou fire. A man with a uniform on, and carrying ornaments enough to set up a dealer in old metal, was placed in the box to give evidence. Coroner: " You were present at the Bijou fire on Easter Monday?' Witness: "Yes, I was." Coroner: " You were assisting to put but the conflagration ?'' Witness: "No, I wasn't. I am—I belong to a fire brigade." KB.—There is a sarcastic "nasty >r " knocking about here, if the reader will only take the troubb to dig it out. THE musical and dramatic entertainment in aid of the Ladies' Association of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul mentioned elsewhere promises to be very successful, and should draw a large audience to the Hibernian Hall to-morrow evening. The following ladies and gentlemen have most generously given their services :—Mrs. lUmsden, Misses Josephine O'Brien, Nellie M'Lauehlin, Tuite and liailie l Messrs. W, A. Parkinson, T. B. Browning, Frank Doran, W. G. Kinsella, Charles Glennon, J. B. M Gowan, Joseph Rowan and George H. levers. Musical director and accompanist, Mr. Charles Glennon ; conductor, Mr. George H. levers. Programme—Part I.—1. Overture—Pianoforte SoJo. " Ernani" (Benedict), Mr. Charles Glennon. 2. Song " Will o' the Wisp " (Cherry), Mr. W, G. Kinsella, 3. Ballad (Selected). Miss Emelie Tuite. 4. Recitation, " Little Hero" (Sims), Mr. Frank Doran. 5. Song. "Tom Bowling 1 (Dibden), Mr. W. A. Parkinson. Ci Ballad, '• All Hallowe'en" (Pinsuti), Mrs. Kamsden. 7. SOUR, *' Eily Mavourneen " (Bendict), Mr. Joseph Bo wan. 8\. Ballad," Stay With Me" (Mattel). Miss Josephine O Brien. 9. Soena, "The Wolf" {Wei66), Mr. T. B. Browning. 10 Recitation, " Morning on the Irish Coast" (Geraldine) Miss Bailie. Address by His Grace the Arch bisbop. Part II.—11. Duet, " Sainted Mother " (Wallace). Mrs. Eamsden and Mies Josephine O'Brien. 12. Song "Savourneen Deelieh" (Fox), Mr. J. B. M'Gowan. 13. Song, " liemember me no more " (Sir Wm. Robinson) Miss Nellie M'Lauehlin. H. Ballad, " Hocked in the Cradle of the Deep " (Knight), Mr. T. B. Browning. 15 Song, " My Dearest Heart" (Sullivan), Mrs. Ramsden. 30\. ltecitation, " An old Maid's opinion of Love," Miss Bailie. 17. Song (selected), Mr. W. G. Kinsella. 18. Ballad, The Irish Emigrant" (Barker), Miss Josephine O Brien. 19. Song, "Belgravia" (Clifton), Mr. George H. levers. THE Evening Standard said some time ago that " It would be difficult to fay what is the law which governs ' Russian scares.'" We think not—if one knew the cable correspondents of the daily papers. The Irrigation question would, we fancy, be found to have a good deal to do with it. In other words, the necessity for beer regularly, and in quantities. THERE is a box on a mantelpiece in one of the rooms in the Morgue in which visitors are invited to drop something. The idea does credit to both the head and heart of the party who first thought of it. The money is, of course, for the benefit of the corpses. After this they will not be in the pai* ful position of having to enter a strange country without the price of a postage-stamp on them. 1 his is said to be a selfish age, but seeing that every day such marvellous new openings and curious little bye ways wherein Charity may be exercised are being discovered we think the accusation is groundless and beneath consideration. THE electric telegraph would appear to be getting no better very fast, and is falling rapidly into ways of wickedness and the broad road that Ieadeth to destruction; and, unlike the cable, it has not the excuse of being in liquor to answer for its misdemeanours. That late exhibition in South Australia proves that the telegraph is prepared to perjure itself out of natural aggravation and cussedness of character, merely to delude an aged couple who never did anybody any harm, and are regular attendants at church. We allude to the case of the parents of a girl who was living in Adelaide receiving at their home in Freeling a telegraphic communication stating that their daughter was dead. The grief-stricken parents immediately wrote requesting to have their daughter's body sent to them by rail, and, on presenting themselves at the station with a hearse and other requisites, were surprised to see the girl walk out of a carriage and express her astonishment because they had hired a hearse to remove her belongings by having a fit on the footpath. We wish to say here that any mechanical contrivance that is devilish enough to trifle with the feelings of two parents of mature years and great respectability in the above disguising manner is not a fit and proper concern to be in the employ of a civilised Government, and ought, to be discarded at once, but, if the Adelaide authorities will hang the operator who sent the message, we will overlook the matter this time. MELBOURNE Citizen (in a broken voice) to his wife.—" Good bye, darling, be true to me—that is, of course (with an heroic effort), be true to my memory as long as you can. Bring the children !" {Enter Children. Embraces them.] "Good-bye, dear ones — perhaps I should say farewell! Remember your poor old father. He wasn't up to much, but (sobbing) he tried to do his best. If I ever return " (breaks down and hides his head agaimt the door-post). Chorus of All.—" Why, pa, wherever are you going ?"• Citizen {sadly).—" I'm summoned to serve on a jury.' {Claps his hat n-ildly on his head and vanishes). SOMETHING good has broken out at last from the sporting Nazareth of Sydney. Searle is, it is admitted, going to England because there is not the ghost of a chance of his being able to get up a match south of the Line, It may thus happen that a champion, because of his very superiority, will have to starve in idleness. On this point the eye of Mr. J. P. Garvan, late Colonial Treasurer, has fastened, and the result is a proposal with a whole lot of reason in it. Mr, Garvan suggests that the sporting men of New South Wales should inaugurate a permanent fund, out of which a sum equal to £300 a year should be paid to the New South Welshman in possession of the sculling championship. The suggestion filIs a long-felt want and provides solid ground for sporting thought. 