A Tacanfr^eat ' By"i!C the Author of " AtJierstone Orange!" CHAPTER fLv. (Continued jj-Qpi pnr} fagQ;., _: v i _ « jtfr. Dallas did,'riot!iinfendvtb14:elV Cecil® an y thing 'febbutP 'Wflfoff' 'he;; tiad, beard. Hisidea was'to'let hbr"bfel}Bve it must hare "been imagination on her part. But she hM'^ld'^e^atte.ud^iit all about it, and 'the had 'gotTtp; the ears of the' landlady'', wnobail, favoured Harris with a'hi^hty^flavpur ed account of the muHOT and'theoiiii! superstition that had come to "be at ; tached to that corner of 'the church, and Harris had, injudiciously perhaps, retailed the whole to'her'young mis treBB, so that when Mr. Dallas was Betting out the next day to the .church to hear all that could be told to him there, he found hjs; daughter dressed and bent upon going with him. Better not, dear, he said. I am sorry yon should hare heard anything more about the miserable business. Of course it is all a fancy,about.th^ chair ; the fact of the murder is hor rible enough. Put' it out of your head, little, one. n We, wjll run fway from Paris to-morrow, and tryWiennai What do you say to -thatPj , * ] It will be delightful,'.Cecil© saUL But, papa de^r, let in© come,with you.! I shall be far more likely to forget all the. horrible business if I know the facts.! I have heard all sorts of things—the' most gruesome things you can imaginej —about it already, far more than you' will hear, I am sure; and I shall like to ieel that all I hare heard is rousense. Of course no, one can! alter the fact that the poor lady was murdered; but if I don't; hear tiie real truth 1 shall always think of her as' walking ' as Harriw callB i't. She .. . Harris is a fool! Mr. Pallas said, sternly. I gave her credit for more sense Couie along, , child ; perhaps it would bo better for you to hear the plain unvarnished truth than to have your head stuffed with nouseuse like that. , : ■ 5 :: decile had seldom seen her father so put out, and she trembled for Har ris, who would be almost pure to get a good scolding for her folly in chatter-, , ing. She strove to be herself, and as bright as usual, as they walked, to wards the old church ; but her nerves had really received a severe shock, snd she would have'liksd to .cry hye I tericallv as they enquired for the of ficial who had attended to them on the previous day. . ... ,if;. He was not* in . the c}j|irch, but jj| his own home, a very lifctle distp«jj| off, at the corner of the Rue Turbim He came out of his own robm,w7th j many apologies, to receive ] | and ushered them into a very clean, but so small thi puzzle where he bestowerL night. Cecile caught.hereej | ing at this while she was ^ hear what be vvould say t,o | It was not much more that I had already heard from Brun. There had been holt, ticular about the lady. Shg well dressed in a handsome eif and her prayeh-bpo'k ahd,!^'" [costly and elegant. They ^ I kept, and Mr.' Dallas sH«lt|p§| if he liked. With regard^to'tb' about the chair, it viiis i no one could git iii ,it. i nets that they would(I had to leave t.he chiir trembling, and ladieB rqp I carried out fainting after nab attempt. j«i* But why have a chairs|^^t all ?• Mr. Dallas asked. W1*®j better to a p pro priate the^sMC0j.ro,t^n(Ll tut particular pillar; 'se? *lu It haa been .dope, $£^,^uftaf man replied. That. t^nBjWps ' there for the service y "1""^ oversight, for whicbj responsible, but ,wHj| toy omission. The. „ Cleaned, and the .railijigl put round that pillar "l have beeu aw ay for , and did not return till just as tbe service was commencing yesterday. The chairs were all set, and I saw -that there was one there; but I did nqt think anyone would attempt to sit In it! ' No habitual attender at the church would have done it. 1 was on 'the other-side, out of sight, or I would ihaviB.taken care that the young lady did'hot go there. !'' But anyone might do it any time. i): It ib! only during service that it •happdqs, was the reply to this obser-1 , yation; at other times there is nothing. '' . And has no clue ever been found 'to- the assassin ? 1 None. I have something that some day may track hxm. Things lie hid den for years some times, and come to j light at last. May I know what it is ? Surely, monsieur. It is only a lit tle thing, but it has a fellow some where, and 1 cannot help thinking that it will be found. I have shown what I found to tbe authorities. I took it from the dead lady's dress my self? j You were there, then? ' I was in the church, monsieur. It was I who went to rouse her, as I: thought, and found she was dead. I helped to carry her out and lay her down. The work had been quickly dhnei and there was no sign of fright I hi -suffering on her face. She had j bled, to, death sitting there. JAow horrible! said Cecile, ber pret- ! ty face very pale. , f It" was horrible, mademoiselle. All search was made for any clue to the poor lady's name, but none was ever found. She was a lady it was evi dent, and I should say the assassin was a gentleman ; at least that he moved in society where men dress well and appear respectable Hang ing to the bosom of the lady's, dress I found this; when the fellow to that ■stud is fou.id, 1 think the murderer -will he found also. fie took a small object from a little cabinet against the wall, and placed it"in the banker's hand. It was the top of ^solitaire stud which had pro bably dropped off the wrist of the jiian who committed the murder, and hacl lodged in his victim's dress. It was a greenish-yellow stone, very odd lobking, and it sent out gleams of light into the sunshine as the banker; held it and twisted anjf about. A chryso1itfc3y>y^ rare. An imj^wj^^S^p^^^lWay. yet. The police England have acquainted with the jjjj'g jn my possession., I ght to give it up to them, e proceedings were .some brmal. There was no one to ute, no friends to come for d ; and it has remained here." It. is an odd story. Is there noth ing else to be told concerning it? Nothing, Monsieur, except that a man came forward and said that on the eveniug before he had come upon a couple in the Buttes Chamont who seemed to be quarrelling. The lady was well dressed, tall, and graceful, but had a veil over her face; the man was tall and dark, and something glittered at his wrists as he moved his | hands with a peculiar restless gesture I in his excitement. They were speak- j jing in English at first, but the lady jseeraed more at home in French, for t«he said rapidly that she would go «smy; and 'used that language then. jj|£«be would only do something, the liran' did not bear what, she would go iareayy and new be heard of more. |Tr*e$entleman replied that go where »h« would she should not escape him, kind he would have something again jflwhat it was was not heard,) if he waited her to get it. Then there were knore high words, and the lady grew •hysterical and incoherent, and they petit away in the direction of the Kue jle la Yilette. And that was all! And that was all, Monsieur. No one answering toitbe description giv en of the gentleman waB ever seen in Paris, or anywhere else that ever I [leard "of. The lady was buried in Lachaise, and that was the end far as anyone can make out. It is an extraordinary Btory, Mr. Dallas said. And is it a fact that no one can use that particular place in the church during worship hours ? I can testify that it is, was ;the quiet answer. I am not an imagina tive man, and I tried it. The reverend fathers tried it, and chance people of all sorts—always with the same re sult; a sickening feeling that the chair was not empty, and a certain sense of being mocked at ior trying, as Mademoiselle says was upon her.N It was more than that, Cecile Baid, with a break in her voice; 1 heard the laugh, and the voice. I have heard one other lady say the same thing, the church at tendant said gravely. Some nerves are more sensitive than others. For me—I was conscious of the mocking laugh and the forbidden words, but 1 did not hear them; I felt that the blood was on the chair, but I did not see it. The hanker thanked the man for his courtesy, and the assistance he had rendered to Cecile the day before, and left him a douceur, which he de clared would make a rich man of him for a twelvemonth ; and then he and bis daughter prepared to leave Paris, and try what some other place would do in restoring the balance of Cecile's Her father was alarmed about her j but youth is elastic, and she Boon re covered from, the fright and began to forget it. It had been a gruesome ex perience, but it was in the daytime^ and iu the midst of a crowd of people, and was not bo ghostly as if it had occurred at the orthodox time of the day for ghost-seeing. ■ They went to Italy, aud then northward again to Vienna, and Oecile was charmed with j all she saw and nearly everyone that ! she met. In Vienna the event occurr ed that Mr. Dallas had been dreading ever since his cherished little daught er had began te grow up The right man, at least in the young ladyh^y timation, came along,and she s| way lost her heart, every,* and worshipped blind!} _ _____ at the shrine of the ltMM|M|j|^9aii she had ever seen jMra^^HMn'<Hugh Hctheredge was jto win any ghd's heart, and jjjsjf'the aon-in the banke7> desired. Mr fi^jj^bad always secretly desired a %f3e§§pr bis daughter—hie wealth easily secure one. Ttere were several eligible young men about Lon don, and one of them would be sure to fall iu love with his pretty child when she was introduced. The fall | ing in love had come first, and the JSarl of Brimblecoine's second son was | not a match to be despised. He would never succeed to the title, at least it was not probable, for he had an elder brother, a fine healthy young feljowf who vvas to be married to' one of the moat striking of the beauties of the laBt season. The marriage was ranged, the fashionable papers said, but it was not likely to come off just yet. The bride's father was in India, and it would not be till his return. Lord Later mere was not Dear) v' as popular a man as bis younger brother liugh. He was haughty and some what passionate and overbearing in hiB disposition ; and report said that be had been very wild,- and had caus ed bis father much trouble by his ex travagance and misdeeds generally. If this really had been the case, he had turned over a new leaf now, and was leading'a very quiet life. ■' Those who .knew him prophesied ,tbat be would break out again after he .was. married ; his brother declared that his altered life-was gennine, and that" he would make a model husband. - For himself he laughed at the idea of? matrimony, and said he would never tie himself to any woman, till he met t he. bankers pretty, graceful daughter' one night at a ball, and straightway fell in love with her and recftnted all bis heresies about women aqd their ways. He could please himself in the mattur of marriage ; he had his mother's fortune, which was consid erable, and he bad also inherited a good sum from a relative, so that he wa?. independent of his father and wealthy enough to keep a good estab lishment of his own. And so it came about tbat after a very brief acquaintance he asked Cecile if . she thought Bbe could ever lo*e bin} . reijpugb^ to take him' '""for better, tor worse," and ehe hid her face on his breast and shyly told him she had loved him ever since she had known' him—a" whole five weeks at least ! Mr.Dallaejdemurred a little when the young fellow all smiles audhappinessj iwent to him and told him how be loved, bis. child. It waB a sliock to him to" hear any one say that.. It was the end'of her child life; and the signal for the part ing which ho knew* tnust, 'come, but bad dreaded beyond measure. Cecile is s.o young, he said, finding the first excuse he could think of for putting off the evil day. , ,:. My mother was a good deal young er, the youug man stud. She was married>. at sixteen,, and > she was a happy wife and a good woman, Mr. Dallas. I bave known that ever since I knew you, the banker said. Only a good mother could have made such a man as you out of her boy. ■ , Thank you, was the. quiet answer. I kuow IoWe all I aha to my mother's trainiug. Esiermere didn't get it; she was. in'' ill-health,-1 aud: jhe was brought up by others. (1 think that is the' reason why we are ho llttlejlike brothers. ; : ". !• : There Was very littlb certainly;;' the two were' alike feature jpierbiipB,' but 'th£ir!facis were very ; different, i and .-Loird JDsterinere was as dark.as bis, brother was fair. You will give me Cecile? Hugh pleaded. I will he'.good to her, she shall never know an jingratjfied wish if I rhaye her for my wife. I have money enough. I need not come to you tor any. J only want hefv c&y; pretty darling. I must hear what Ibv child says, Mr. Dallas said. And what Ceciie was - very much to the poiut. ijbe-djstmctly said site should die if^Sptfather refused- his consent, that loved Jihgh Hetheredge better than anything else in'all the' vfide world—her .dear, pjd daddy excepted —and that sit" jB^e wasiiot alio wed to marry him lifewould be a blank until tlje time,came for her to descepd into the silent tomb, which' wWuld-be Very soon, for .she could not -live without Hugh. ' y j ' J Mr. Daillas smiled at herjand calTml her a littlb go'oBe, though ^his hearf ached as lie'spoke,' and to ft! her he would mate inquiries, and,' if1 these were satisfactory, and nothi'pg!catrie out to theM'isdfedlt oi' the^bppg Wi?* —why, perhaps, then he would think of it." Cfecile huderstood perfectly that the Oodsent w-'as gained;-aii(l ,tola her lover' so) and. was as hapgy'as a bifd !m her neiw'pVospebtk The,con sent of. Jhe eapl. w:as poon forthcom ing. ' He1 knew Mr.' Dallas very well by reppte/Ke condescended fjp say, and ha'd ' heard' of his'daughter as a very amiab1b'and; beautiful "girl) whom he shOutd" hfe' "^y^iapi^ ^o receive into his family ,, J - i ft i bat fe a lot )t for the hater to say, was Hugh's remark, ou his father's epistle, hndWhen1 tie dobs take to any one he doeB. And~~heje's a letter from Estermere; he's, coming to Vienna to be introduced'to his future sister, and1 that's h great deal for htm. to do; He doesn't gush as "a rule. . Ceciie thought she did not like Lord. .Estermere much when she was introduced to him. He was "very courteous and did his best to make himself'agreeable ; but thpre wra^ too. much of the eldest son about him, she told.1 her, father wfterwarde, do allow him to be very pleasant. Altogether she was glad she was. not going to marry the heir; Ili's'position eviden tly weighed upon ins-mind. Hugh Het.heredglrBMwM for a gpeedy; wedding, tie waatejHsaSff down, lie jaid ;!■ and Mr. Dallas, BaeflHHBRciVe.hy^, wag. set upon him, OQnseWBBMtantlT tnat they should' be marriedSHalMPia the hecpsparj, preparatnouB cbulcflBnlutThere . was much io be tlioughPu^^HBuitabfe house to be procured, and BefiHHHBto be made, the - amount of which ■MHaHK the bridegroom: elect not a little. jj^HHR the banker was. a wealthy man, no hotion/ot the/ extent of the fort\jH9|Hbhich hethought proper to endow h^MKHld. '' 