BINS RUSHING. Ihe Griffo-Patterson Fight Interrupted. ^he fight between young Griffo and Boas Patterson, whioh waa billed . for Saturday night last at Foley's, ended in a young riot. There waa a big houae, the ' ' talent ' ' snowing tip strong from the ' Rooks ' and. Surry Hills to support their particular facoy. Willis and Oakes opened proceedings with a lively four rounds, and a good deal of oof dropped j in the ring to reward tho pair. uriuo was esquirau oy jim nan, ana Patterson by several brothers. Mr. Nathan was ohoeon referee, and Mr. Goldspink time keeper. Patterson jumped at Griffo very savage at the start; but was steadied in that artist's best Btyle, and then the Point boy set about his friend in a moat determined style, getting, on with both hands all over the oranium. One right-hander on the jaw turned ' Dobs ' right round, and almost dropped him. For two more rounds things were all the one way, the Surry Hills lad not being in it with the olever Griffo. In the beginning of the fonrth round Grif. walked in and care fully floored Patterson twioe with heavy right-handers on the j aw: Seeing that he had not a ghost of a show, Mr. Foley advised Patterson to give up, when hia brother jnmped into the ring and rushed at Griffo with the evident intention of avenging the family hononr. This was the Bignal for a general rueh of the Snrry Hills push, and when Hall tried to remove Griffo, picking him up in hiB arms,, where he kiokod and straggled like a windy baby, the Point talent alao bobbed up to defend their little oham pion. Mr. Foley executed a masterly flank movement with the oash box, the boys left the ring, and the orowd folio ired them. Things mnst.be coming to a pretty pass when a mob of half-grown young men, the hood lums of the alleys, oan take charge as this orowd did. Tliere is only one law these larrikins understand, and that is fiat law, and it should be dealt out to them with nnsparing hand, and a lesson taught tbem that will keep thom in their seats on i ntare oooasions. 