Fanny, the Colt . LHUo Fanny was lnctherleES, having been dh covered in au open field besido her dead mother. , B foro sho was a year old sho could opon the door to her own room aud go to bed alono. Bac did not quilo understand tbo fastenings Irom tho inuidc, and had to bo let out in the morning. The ohildrca, thero wero. six, thought her a moot wondciful baby, and claimed her as {heir; own. Tne boya had taught bar to tr.ku -11 their cap« with her teeth, shako h&ud3; v.ith her feet, and do many other cuto : thing*. B-.it- when nho was four yean old she had I to woi k, for Fanny was only u horse, after nil. Nuvcrwas hho driven except by ouc of ! tho family, tuul the really aotud as it alio liked to go. When the bu^y was drawn out j she would give a littlo pleased whinny and ! ptop daintily about aa it impatient to bo otf. ! And when onco on tho road disliked, of all thing*, to tako the' dunS from another j vfihiclo. Tho ohildreu were a oroupy ect, and :v physician waa often oallcd, Fanry boing1 the horse to bo ridden every time; and so well had nho learned what waa wanting if a saddla wen placed hastily upon her back, sho only wailed for a rider, and without a% hint from tho rein, bounded off in the direction of tho doetot'ri ofiice ; returning, ehc jogged leirurdy home. Is waa' a Bad day for tho family when ono morning no glad whinny greeted the one who went to f'jed her. Sbo bad been stolen. ; Two other horses had been taken from a neighbor at tho fiamc time, aud ho bemoaned - them as no muoh money lost. But the joint owners of Fanny gtioved aa if a friend wero i dead ; to hrr it might be even worso than 1 death. ' For how could the taker bo other- \ wisa than oruol?' they asked. A. thorough ecarch waa made, but no clue obtaiued, and tho horaca wero given up a3 lost. Tae older children strova to bo bravo, but the younger or-C3 could not keep baok tho tears when sp*akiog of 'poor Fanny,' and tho mother was allocked one evening to hear four-year-old Besi'io add to her iofani prayer: 44 And please, God, aend Fanny bach.' i She kissed tho child tenderly aud whis- 1 pored ; ' If wo cannot have Fanny wo will i have another horro to tako hor placo, my ! dear.' ,4Buti! wouldn't bo her, mammal I want just Fanny,' and che laid her faco in mamma's lap and sobbed, aa eho had doao many times since tbe loss. A few d*yj later, as tha family wero at brealifnbt, Nora, tho girl, rushed into tho room, csahtiming 'If yo plaso, mum, Fanny's in the stable, or elro 'tis her ghost, stirs I I wint to find rho clo'ey-pine loot iaat night, and as I wiut a-ncar the barn I bearn a whio-now as liko hern aa two paeo, and' — but boforo nho had concluded evory neat was empty aud ail hod hurried to the barn. Tho atahle door was opened, and forth stopped FaDsy to be husrgod and* kissed as never before. She' ftill woro her haUer, from whioh a broken strap dangled, allowing how oho had released bcraelf, Biid, once free, her presenco iu her ov.n stall was no mystery. Att o fiber waa duly notified, and taking her .tracks ho went about five railce along the beach of the lake, where, in Ihe blui? over hangiug a ravine, ho fouud a sort of oavo whera the two other hoiccs wero etill tied. Fanny had broken her halter, opened tho wida door that swung, in, pushed her way through tho brush piled against it, and hurried homo to her own stable, ? Tho horses must havo been taken to their hiding-plane by being led along' tho water's edge to conceal thoir tracks, and thoir foud conveyed to them by boat. The thief was Dot caught, more is tho pity. Evidently seeing tho signs ot Fanny'a esoapa ho was only too glad to o?capo himself. Tho i owner of tho two horscf? suggested that Fanny ought to havo a medal, but upon -being shown a lump of sugar tho uttered a dccidcd neigh, aud tben- munshod her sugar in gilcoce, . . 