TO THE EDITOB. Sir— Will you allow ;me, without entering ioio the details of this discussion, to remind my fellow-churchmen that however interest ing the issues with which it is concerned, those issues are not of vital importance to them, inasmuch es they have not the slightest diffi culty in answering the question (which Mr. Price dehee any one to answer correctly '), namely, ''Who separated the genuine* from tbe ipocrypbal parts of the Bible?' Their answer, of course, would be 'The Church' did bo. So enormous a majority of all the per sons since the time of Onrist who have pro fesecd Christianity have accepted the present cation that it b no practical exaggeration to £»v the veidist is unanimous in its favor, Cbnrch people believe that when Christ promised tbe presence of the Holy Ghost to lead His people into all tri:th, and promised that He, HijnseJf, would be 'with them alwoy, even unto ths ecd of the world,' He ineatit Bis words to be taken literally, and theiefore the crucisl question with them is not whether the teeticacDy of this or that indi vidual is conclusive, but whether the voice of Christendom is, _fts a whole, clear ecd empbetic. On this point there can be go reasonable doubt. The Bible &s; we now Ufe it 16 tbe Bible that— after all allowances b&ve; bfrtB rnadB for local diSarencsB in traua latioD, difficulties of text, &c;— in the main has been used as God's Word 'always, everywhere, and by everyone.' Such a conflict as iB now being wagea in your columcB is not unlikely to disturb the minds of eorne believers, for ic is always possible to produce on either side of most religious questions some authorities that appear formidable to those who have not gone deeply into the literature of the subject. I think therefore we should remind ourselves that those who make a practice of obeying our Lord's direction to ' hear the church,' are not vitally affected by the questions now under dis cussion ; and that even if they were really com pelled to accept the novel idea that the early saints and martyrs were in the main fools and hypocrites, still their faith is not built on the moral or intellectual qualities of the saints and martyrs. No doubt, as Mr. Price says, the question ' on whose authority do we accept the selection of books forming the Bible ? ' is an all- important one. But it is one that will not startle thoughtful churohmen.— I am, &c; , TH03. BLACKBURN. 