The Ingol0dsby Legends. By THO 5 25coL0DE, S5Q. -o THE SPECTRE OF TAPPINGTON. "IT isvery odd, though; what can have brecome of them?" said Charles Seaforth,as he peeped under the valance of an old-fashioned bedstead, in an old-fashioned apartment of a still more old-fashloned manor-house ; "'tis confoundedly odd, and I on't make it out at all. Why. Barney, where are they?-and where thed- ateyou ?" Koi answer was returned to this appeal ; and the lieutenant, who was, in the main, a reason able person-at least as reasonable a person as any young gentleman of twernty-twro in "the service" co fairly be expected to be-cooled when he reflected that his servant could scarcely reply extempore to a summons which it was impossible he should hear. An application to the bell was the con siderate result; and the footsteps os as tight a lad as ever put pipe-clay to belt sounded along the gallery. "Come in!" said his master. An ineiffec tual attempt upon the door reminded M3r. Seaforth that he had locked himself in. "By Heaven ! this is the oddest thing of all," said he, as he turned the key and admitted Mr. aoouire into his dormitory. "Barney, where are my pantaloons " "Is it the breeches o" asked tie valet, ast ing an inquirieg eye round the apartment; "is it the breeches, sir?" "Yes ; what have you done with them ?" "Sure then yourhonour had them on when you went to bedl, and it's hereabout they'll be, I'll be bail ;" and Barney lifted a fashionable tunic from a cane-lacked arm-chnir, proceed ig in his examination. But the search was vain: there was the tunic aforesaid; there was a smart-locking kerseymere waistcoat; but the most important article in a gentleman's wardrobe wees still wantino. "Where can they be i" asked the master, with a strong accent on the auxiliary verb. "Sorrow a know I knows," said the tarn. "It must have been the devil, then, ofter all, who has been hereand carried them off!" cried Seaforth, staring full into Barney's face. lr. Mlaguire was not daeoid of the super Ftition of his countrymen, but he looked as if he did not subscribe to the sequitur. His master read incredulity in his counten ance. "Why, I tell you, Barney, I put them there, on that arm- chair, when I gotinto bed; and, by Heaven ! I distinctly caw the ghost of the old fellow they told me of, come in at midnight, put on my pantaloons, and walk away with them." "May be so," was the cautious reply. "I thouLht, of course, it was a dream ; but then-where the d-- are the breeches I" The quetilon was more easily asked than answered. Barney renewed his search, while the lieutenant folded his arms, and, leaning against the toilet, sunk into a reverie. "After all, it must be some trick of my laughter-loving cousins." said Seaforth. "Ah ! thee, the ladies!" cdimed in 3r. Mbaguire, though the hobervation was not addressed to him; "and will it be Miss Caroline or Iios Fanny that's stole your honour's things ?" "I hardly know what to think of it," pur sued the bereaved lieutenant. still speoaing in soliloquy, with hli eye resting dubiously on the chamber-door. "I locked myself in, that's certain ; anl--but there must be soma other entrance to the room-poohl I remember the private staircase ; how could I be such a fool I" and he crossed the chamber to where a low oaken dorcase was dimly visible in a distant corner. He paused before it. 'othing now interfered to screen it from observation ; but it bore tokens of having been at some earlier perios concesled by t?pestry, remains of which yet elothed the walla on either side the portal. "This way they must have come," said Seaforth; "1 aish with all my heart I had caught them!" "Och! the kittens I" sighed Ir. Barney Maguire. But the mystery was yet as far from being sElved as before. True, there teas the "other door ;" but then that, too, on examination, ws even more firmly secured than the one which opened on the gallery,-two heavy bolts on the inside effectually prevented any coue, e snain on the lieutenaat'c Lirosac from that quarter. He was more puzzled than ever; nor did the minutest inspection of the walls and floor throw any light upon the auhject; one thing only was clear,-the hbeeches were gonI "It is eerr singular," said the lieutenant. Tappington 'generally called Topton) Eve. rand is an antiquated but commodious manor house in the eastern division of the county of Kent. A former proprietor had been lligh sheiff in the days of Elizabeth, and many a dark alnd di-mal tradition was yet extant of t.h. lieontiaous?eas of hli life, and the enor mnity of his offences. The Glen, which the keeper's danlghter was seen to enter, but never known to quit, still frowns darkly as of yore; whi'e an ineradicale bloosdstain on the oaken stair yet bids defiance to the united energies of soap and sand. But it is with one particular apartment that a deed of more especeial atrocity is said to be eonnected. A stranger guest--o runs the legend-arrived unexpectedly at the mansion of the " Bad Sir Giles." They met in apparent fritndhip ; but the ill- cucealed scowl on their cmaster's brow told the domoeticm that the visit wasnot. not spared ; the wine-cup circulated freely, too freely, perhape,-for sounds of discord at length reached the ears of even the excluded serving-men, as they were doing their best to imitate their betters in the lower hall. Alarmed, some of them ventured to approach the parlour; one,an old and favoured retainerof the house, went so far as to break in upon his master's privacy. Sir Giles, already high in ,orth, fiercely enjoined his absence, and he retired ; not, however, before he had distinctly heard from the stranger's lips a menace that "There tas that withinhis pocket which could disprove the knight's right to issue that or any other command within the walls of Tapton." The intreuiou, though momentary, eemedl to have produced a beneficial effect; the voices of the disputtants fell, and the con versation was carried on thenceforth in a more subdued tone, till, as evening closed in, the domestics, when summoned to attend with lights, found not only cordiality restored, out thata still deeper carouse was mtditated. Fresh stoups. aod from the choicest bins, werre produced; nor was it till at a late, or rather early hour, that the revellers sought their chambers. The one allouted to the stranger occurpied the first finer of tile taster angle of the building, and had once been the favourite apartment of Sir Giles himself. Scandal asoribed this preference to the facility which a private staircase, communicating with the grounds, bad afforded him, in the old knight's time of following his wicked courses un checkotl by trestal observation ; a consider ation which ceansed, to be of wei2ht rheo the death of his father left him uncontrolled master of his estate and actions. From that period Sirfiles had established himself in what were called the " aBtas apartments," and the "Caken chamber" was rarely tenanted, save on occasions of extraordinasy festivity, or when the yule blog drew an unusually large :ccesion cf gu·sta around the Christmase In this eventfool night it woo prepared for tho unnoown vhiitor, who sought his couch hooted and isfibmed from his midnight osgts, and in the morning was found in his bed a sollen and blackened corpse. No mor of vilece appeared upon'the body; but the livid hoe of the lips, and certain dark coloured spots visible on the skin, aroused euspicionssohich those who entertained them were to timid to expras, Apopleay, indued by the excenees of the preceding night, Sir Cile's eonfidentisl leech pronounced to be the cause of his sudden dissolution. The body saa sduried in pee; and though some shohnk their hoads as they witnersed the haste with lwhich tihe founeral rites cwere hurried on, none venoroed to murmur. Other events aose to distract the sittntion of the retsinersa men's mindsla became occupied by the stirring politics 'of the day; while the near approach of that foremidkblo Aroade, so vainly arrogating to itself a title whish the very olementsjoined ilth human valour to disprove, soon ilnterfered to weakes, if not obiterate, all remembueoc of the nameless strager who had died withis the walcs of T,,pton Erenrd. earso rolled on: the "Bad Sir Giles" had himself ltng since gone to his account, the ast, ao it wa l beioved, of his immediate lne; though a kew ol the' older tenants wera some times heuod to peakof so elder brother, who had disapplre isn earoly life, and nerOer i Lbiited the rstate. Roumaun, too, of his having lhftos son in foreign aSlnds, were at one lime rofe; bt they died cwcy, hothidg oscur .log to sUiplopt them: the property paed uachallenged to a colloaterl branch of thl family, snd the rcerertuf eoret there srree a burieeinDedoihurseo kehyaed, is the lonely g'sve of tho myeosieocu stranger. One cir cnmstance alone occurnne. aler a long-inter. iening period, to revive the memory of these annsactions. Some worklmen employed in grubbing no old plantation, for the purpoee of raising on its site a moder shrnbbery, dug up, in the erecution of their task, the mil dewed remnants of what seemed to have been once Cg?nrment. On morn minute inspection, enough remained of silen slashes nd a coarse embroidery, to identify the relies' es having once formed part of a pair of trunk hose ; while a few papera which fell from them, altogether illegible from damp and age, vere by the unlearned rustics conveyed to the then owner.of the estate. Whether the squire was more saecessful in deciphering them was never known; he certainly never alluded to their contents; and little waould have been thought of the matter but for the inconvenient memory of one old woman, who deloare:l eshe heard her grand father say, that ahen the "etmnger guet" as poiseoned, though all the rest of his clothes were there, his breeches, the supposed reposi tory of the supposed documents, could never be found. The master of Tapton Everard smiled when he hnelrd Dame Jones'n hint of deeds which might impeach the validity of his own title in favour of some unknown descend ant of some unknown heir ; and the story was rarely alluded to, save by one or two miracle meogenrs, who had leard that others had seen the ghost of old Sir Giles, in his night-cap, iosue from the postern, enter the adjoining aope, and wring his shadowy hands in Agony, oahe seemed to search vainly for something hidden amongst the evergreens. The satrmgeas death-room had, of coanrse, heen ocasiorolly heaunted from the time of his decease ; but the periods of visitation had latterly become very urre-even 3Mits. Botherby, the house keeper, being forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the manor, she had never " met with anything waore than herself; " though, as the old lady afterwards added upon mnre mature reflection, "1 must say I think I saw the devil once." Such wan the legend attacked to Taptonee venrrd, nod such the story which the lively Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial cousin Charles Seaforth, lieutenant in the Hon. East India Company's second regiment of Bnomly Fencible, as arm-in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with some dozen grim- looking ancetnral portraits, and, among others, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. Thegalant commander had that very morning paid his firt visit to the house af his maternal uncle, after an absence of sever.dl years passed with his regiment on the nrid plains of Hidolstan, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He had gone out a boy-he returned a man; but the impression made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he nought the home of his widowed mother--eomfurtig himself in this breach of filial decorum by the reflection that. as the manor rwa so litt.le out of his way, it would he unkind to pass, as it were, the door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few But he found his uncle as hospitable, and his cousin more charming than ever; and the looks of one, and the requests of the other, soon precluded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the "'few hours" into a few days, though the house was at the moment full of visito.. The Peterses were there from Ramagate ; and Mr., M3rn., and the two Miss Simpkinsons, from Beth, had come to pass a month with the family ; and Tom Iaguldshy hbnd brought down his college friend the Honourable Augustus Sucklethumhkin, with his groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting. And then there was Mrs. Ogleton, the rich young widow, writh her large hlnck eyes, who, people dad say, was setting her c?p at the yonag iquire, theugh ilrs. Botherby did not believe it; and, above all, there weas Mtade moiselle Pauline, herfemme de ciambre, who "moa Diudd" everything and everybody,and criel "Qd ue Q IOcurf!' at Mra. Botherby's cap. In short, to use the last-named and much respected lady's own expression, the house wan "ehoke-full" to the very attics -all save the "-aoen chamber," which, as the lieutenant expressed a moot magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwath appropriated to his particalar acommadatian. Mr. Maguire mean while was faino to hare tihe apartment of Oliver Duobbs, the squire's own man : a jcular pro posal of joint occupancy having been firet in dignantly rejectled by " ,demoiaellr," trhough preferred with the "laste taste in life" of Mr. Barney's moet incinuating brogue. "Come, Charles, the urn is absolutely get ting cold; your breakfast will be quite spoiled; what can have made you so idle ? " Sach wa?s the morning salutotin of tMies Ingoldsbyto the maiiluireas he entered the brcakfaast-oom half-an-hour after the latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, to make an appointment with," claimed in Adlis Frances. " What is to become of our ramble to the rocks before breakfast I" "Oh ! the ycoug men never think of keep ineg a promise now," said Mrs. Peters, ea little ferret-faced woman with underdone eyes. "Whre I ras a young man," said Mr. Prtere, "I remember I always made a point of -" " Pray how long ago wao that ? " asked Mr. Simpkinson from Bath. " Why, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I was-let me se--I was- " "Do play hold your tongue, P., and eat your breakfast!" interrupted hi, better half, who had a mertal horror of chrouelo e.d re ferences ; "ita very rude to tease people with your famfily ulr '" .as netenaut vha ty this time tah?kil?li? seat in silence-a gnodl-humoured nod, and a glance, half-smilina, half-ioquoitice being the extent of his salutation. Smitten as he was, and in the immediiae pretence of her who had made so large a hole in his heart, his manner was evidently ditrleit, ohlch the fair Carolisn in her secret sul attribuated to his bring solely aocupied by her enriens: how wouwld she have bridled ha aeb klrown that they only shared his medita:iuuos with a lairuf breecheol! Chorles draikb hi coffee end splikeda some half-dozen eggs, darticug cbeaoienally a fene traeing glancn 0t the ladies, in hope of detect ing the supposed waggery by the evtdenea oa some furtive smile or coocusri lookl But in vain; not e dimple moved iodicati e to roguery. nor did the slightest elevation of eye brotw rise ronfiHbatime of his suspicidon. Hints and insinuatians passed unheeded more particular inquiries were out of the question :--the seubjet war unappaochable. In the meantime, "patent oerds" were just the thing for a mmiang's ride ; and, breakfas ended, away cantered the party over the downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the beauties, animate and ianimate, which nsur rounded him, liecuteoat Seaurth, o,f a he Bombay Feecibleh, bhetowed no more thought upon his breeches tha if he had been bum on the top of B ea Lomond. Another night bad peased away; the sun rose brilliantly, forming with his level beams a splendid rainbow in the far-oft wnes, whither the heavy cloud, which for the last two hours had been pouring its aters on the earth, wans nor flying before him. "Alh then, and it's little good it'll be the clnAing of ye, aptero hieind Mr. Barney Magnuire, asn he depoadtea, in runt of hi master's toilet, a poirotf "bran- new" joakey boots, onao of oby's primest fits, which the lieutenant had purchabed it his way through tows. Oa thst verymorning hadthnyommn for the firmt time under the valet's depuratin-a hand, so little oiled, indeed, from the turfo ride of the preceding day, that a le. scrupu leus domnetie might, pash"pn, have noasidered the applinotion ot " asresea Matehless," or oxalic add, altogether superflnuoue. Sot so Benery: with the nicest care had he remored the slightest impurity from eekh poliehad surface, and there they etood, rejoiaino in sheir sable radbser. wo wonder a Laang het a.... -. 3Ir- gie'graL Lfreest, as he tlhoght on theworkn c oUt a ornthem, nadilffreatfrom the light labours of the day before; no ewender he murmured with a sigh, as the screr dried windoa-panes disclosed o road o ib-dp in mas o 1" liken, tin little gowt had oloningt ye I--toe oneS hod he larned in thIe halsl balto that night miles of io stiff nlay moil lay b.-twecn the manor and Bolsover Abbey, whose pietrrerqaue ruin, the party had determiled to enplore. The master had alredy comreenend dressing, and the man wam fitting straps upon a light pair of erano-eecrakl spurs, when his hand wan arrested by the old quetion- "Barney, where are the breeches i" They wrae sosehero to bh found ! 3ir. Snoforth desmnded that morning, whip in hand, and equipped in a hodeaudom green tidisg-frck, buk to n"breechae and boots to match" were there: loose jian tenusera, nur mounting a pair of diminutive We-lliugtoas, eiabreed, enmewhat inaongnuotly. his ne.the man, ricn the "patelt cosds," returned, like yreterdaay's aantloono, nseont without leave. the "top-hooeels" hao holiday. "d ine morning after the rain," maid Io, Simpbinsan from Bath, "Just the thing for the 'ops," said Mr. Peterse. "I remember when I was a boy-" " Do hold your tongue, P," said Mrs. Peter--adviee which that exemplary matron was in the constant habit of administering to "her P.," as she called him, whenever he prepared to vent his reminiscences. Her precise reason for this it would be dilleult to determine, unless, indeed, the story be true which a little bird had whispered into Mrs. Botherby's ear--3r. Peters, though now a wealthy man, had received a liberal education at a charity rchool, end wa, apt to recur to the days of his mlnffin-cap and leathere. A, uural, he took his wife's hint in good part, and "pausoed in his reply." "A glorious day for the ruin,," said young Iogoldsby. " But Charles, what the deuce are you about ? You don't mean to ride throghl our lanes in sech tog"-ry as that I " a" Lessy toe I" said Misa Julia Simpkinsoon, " won't you be very wetl" "You had better take Tom's cab," quoth the equire. But this proposition was at once overr'ed ; Mers. Ogleton had already nailed the cab, a vehicle of all others the best alapted for a snug flirtation. "Or drive Miss Julia in the phaeton 1'" No; that was the post of Mr. Peter,, whio, indifferentas an equestrian, had acquired some fame as a whip while travelling through the midland counties for the firm of Blgehhaw, Snivelby, and Ghrimes. "Thank you, I shall ride with my cous:ns," said Charles, with as much nonchalance as lie could enum?--and lhe dild so ; MIr. Ingoldaby, Mrs. Petere, Mr. Simpkilrson from IOath, and his eldest daughter with her album, following in the family coach. The gentleman- com moner "vote.d the affair d-d slow," and declined the party altogether in favour of the gamekeeper and a cigar. "There was 'no fun' in looking at old houses!" Mrs. Simp kinson preferred a eshrt srjour in the still room with Mrs. Botherhy, who had promised to initiate her in that grand arcanum, tire trausmutatiou of gooseberry jam into Guava jelly. " Did yau ever see an old abbey before, Mr. Peters 7" "Yi, mime, a French one ; we have got one at Ramsgate ; hire teaches the Mioe Jonesce to parley-oo, and is turned of sixty." Miss Simpkinson closed her nlbum with an air of inileffable disdain. MIr. Simpkinson from Bath was a professed nntiquary, and one f tile first water ; he was master of rGwillim's Heraldry, and Dlill's History of the Crusardes; knew every plate in the onasticon ; had written no eesay on the origin and dignity of the office of overseer, and settled the date of a Queen Anne's far thing. An influential member of the Anti quarian Society. to whose "' eauties of Bagoiggo Wells" he had been a liberal sub scriber, procured him a seat at the board of that learned body, since which happy epoch Sylvanus Urban had not i more indefatigable currespondent. His inaugural essay on the President's cocked hat was considered a miracle of crudition ; and his account of the earliest application of gilding to gingerbread, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His eldest daughter was ofr kindred spirit: if her father' mantle had not fallen upon her, it was only becaus he had not thrown it off himself ; she had caught hold of its tail, however, while it yet hung upon his honoured shoulders. To souls so congenial, what a sight was the magnificent ruin of Bolsover ! its broken arches, its mouldering pinnacles, and the airy tranery of its half-demolished windows. The party were in raptures ; Mr. Simpkinson began to meditate an eesay, and his daughter on ode ; even Seafortb, as he gazed on these lonely relics of the olden time, was betrayed into a momentary forgetfulnessnt his love and losses; the widow's eye-glass turned from her cicibco'e rwhiskers to the mantling ivy ; Mrs. Peters wiped her spectacles; and "her P." supposed the ecntral tower " had once been the euanty jail." The squire was a philoso. pher, and had been there often before, so he ordered out the cold tongue and chickens. "Bulsover Priory," said Mr. Simpkinson, with tie air o t te connoisseur--" Bolsover Priory was founded in the reign of Henry the Sixth, about the beginning of the eleventh century. Hugh de Bolaover had aecompanied that monarch to the Holy Land, in the expe dition undertaken by way of penance for the murder of his your g nephews in the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the veteran was enftelld in the lands and manor, to which he gave his own name of Bowleover, or Bee-owls-over (by corruption Bolhover)-a Bee in chief, over three Owls, all proper, being the armorial enoigrs bone by this distinguished crusader at the siege of Acre." "AhlI that was Sir Sydney Smith," said IMr. Peteras; " 've heard tell of him, and all about Mrs. Partington, aud- " " P. he quiet, and don't expose yourself ! " sharply interrupted his ltdy. P. was silenced, and betook himself to the bottled stout. "These lands," continmed the untiquary, "were held in grand aerjeantry by the pre oenbtion at threu white owls and a pat of honey-" "Lassy me ! how nice !" said Miss Julia. Mr. Peters licked his lips. "Pray give me leave, my dear-owls and Ioney, whenever the king should come a rat catching into thin part of tile country." "ltr'at- lching l" ejaculated thi Esqire, pausing abruptly in the mastication of i drumstick. "To he sure, my dear sir: don't you re member that rate once came under the forest lawse-a minor l:ecies of venison I 'I rts and mice, and such small doer,' ehl ?-Shakepeare, you hknow. Oar aueators ate rats;" ("The rnarty"idlo--I" --i-tiddernr-T-Mie Jilia,-ii , parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital mouser--" "I've seen a howl," said Mr. Peters? "theres one in the Sohological Oardens,-a little hook-nosed chap in a wig--only its feathers and-" Poor P. was destined never to finish a sperch. "Do be quiet!" cried the nethoritative voice; and the would-be naturdliat sbrank ita his shell like a snail in the "Solhlogical Gardens." "You should read Blount's 'Jocular Tenures,' Mr. Iogoldsby," pursued Simpkin eon. "A learned man was Blount! Why, sir, His Royal Highness the Duke of York once paid a silver hore- shoe to Lord Ferrers " I've heard of him," broke in the incarrigi ble Peters; " he was hanged at the Old Bailey in a silk rope for sheeouting Dr. Johnson." The antiquary vouchsafed no notice of the interruption; but, t.king a pinch of nunl, continued his harangue. "A silver horse-shoe, sir, which is due from every scion of ronyalty who rides across one of his manors ; and,if you look into the penny county histories, now publishing by an emi neat friend of mine, you will find that Lang hale, in Co. Norf., was held by one Baldwin per ealtum, eujlatoum, e pellum; that is, he was to come every Christmas into WVestminarter Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem andi-" "Mr. Simpkinson, a glans of sherry ?" cried Tom Ingoldaby, hastily. "Not any, thank you, sir. This Baldwin, surnamed Le- " "Mtrs. Ogleton challenges you, sir; she in siats upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at the same time filing a glose, and forcing i on the searant, who, thus arrested in the rery crisis of his narrative, received and swallowed the potation as if it lhad been physie. " What on earth has Mire Simpkinson di covered there ?i" continued Tom : "something of interest. See how fast she is writing." The diversion wae effetunal; every onec looked towards Diea Simpkinson, who, far toi ethereal for "creature comforts," was seated apart on the dilapidated remlias of en alktr tomb, committing eagerly to paper something that had streonglyimprepsed hIrer; the air-the ee in a fSne frenzy rolling, all betokened that the divine afllatu wase 'me. Her father rosea, and stole silently towards her. "aWhat an old boar!" muttered young Ingoldsby; alluding, perhaps, to a slice of brawn which he hard just begu to operote npon, but which, froe the celerity with which it disappeared, did noat seem so very dilficult of raastiotin. But what hIad become of Seaforthl and his fair CGaoline all this while I Why, it so hap pened that they had breen simultaneously atricken with the pieturesque eppearncne of nr of thosaeigh nud pointed nrchenwhieh that eminent antiquary, Mr. Horselsy Ceurtci, hea deecribed in his "Anoient eoeraie," as "a Gothic window of the Saxon order;" and then the ivy clustered so thicklyand so beauti fully on tihe other side, that they went round to look at that; nd then their proximity de prived it oa half its effect, and so they walked ac to a little knoll, a hundred yards elf, and in creossing a small ravine, they cameto what in Ireland they call "a bad step," and Charles had to carry hIis cousin over it; and then when they hadt to come baeck, she wourld not give him the trouble again for the world, so they followed a better but more circitous route, and there were hedges rnd ditehe in the wry, and stilea to get over, and gates to tet through, so thatan iour or more had elapend before they were able to rjoin the penty. "Seamy me l" said MSiss Julit Simpkinone, "how long you have been gone !" And so they had. The remark was a very just n well as a ery natural one. They were gone a long while, and a nice cosy chat they had : and what do you think it was all about, my dear miss I "O, lassy mel love, no dinbt, and the moon, and eyes, and nightingales, and " Stay, stay, my sweet young lady, do not let the fervour of your feelinge run away witl yonu I do not pretend to ray, indeed, that one or more of theeo pretty subjects might ot have been introduced; but the moat im poerant and leading topic of the conference vas-Lieutenant Seafortlh's breeches. "Caroline," said Charles, "I have had some rery odd dreams since I have been at Tap pington." " Dreams, have you0" smiled the young lady, arching her taper neck like a swau in ploming. "Dreams, havoyou " "Ay, dreams,-or dream, perhaps, Iahould ay; for, though repeated, it woe still the same. And what do you imagine was its subject " "Itis impossible for me to divine," said the tongue;-" I have not the least difficulty in guessing," said the eye, as plainly as ever eye spoke. "I dreamt of-your great grandfEther i" There was a change in the glance-" My great grandfather I " " Ye, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, you told me about the other day: he walked intomy bedroom in his short clock of murrey coloured relvet, hie long rapier, and his Italeigh-lloking hant and feather, just oas the pictour represents him ; but with one excep tion." " And whit was that i " " Why, his lower extremities. which were visible. werec those of a skeleton." "Well " "Well, after taking a turn or two about the room, and looking round with a wistful air, hecame to the bed's foot, stared at tae in Smanner impossible to describe,--and then he- he laid hold of my pantaloons ; whipped his long bony legs into them in a twinekling; and strutting up to the glass, seemed to view himself in it with great complacency. I tried to spcak, but in vain. The efftrt, however seemed to excite his attention; fur whceling abhout, he showed me the grimmest- looking death's head you can well imagine, and with on indescribable grin strutted out of the ronm." "Absurd! Charles. How can you talk such nonsense ? " '"But, Caroline,-the breeches are really gone." On the following morning, contrary to his usual custom, Seaforth was the first person in the breakfast- parlour. As no one else was present, he did precisely what nine young men out of ten so situated would have done; he walked up to the mantel-piece, established himself upon the rug, and subducting his coat tails one under each arm. turned towards the fire that Portion of the human frame which it is considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A eerious, not to sy anxious, expression was visible upon his good-humoured countenance, and his mouth was fast buttoning itself up for an incipient whistle, when little Flo, a tiny spaniel of the Blenheim breed,-the pet object of Mias Julia Simpkiuson's alfectione,-bounced out from beneath a sofa, and began to bark at his pantaloons. They were cleverly "' built," of a light grey mixture, a broad stripe of the most vivid scarlet traversing each seam in a perpendicular dlirectio from hip to ankle-in short, the regimental costume of the Royal Bombay Fencibles The animal, educated in the country, had never seen such a pair of breeches in her life--Onoe ignoltu pro magniJice I The snorlet streak, inflamed as it wae by the reflection of the fire, seemed to act on Flora's nerves as the same colour does on those of bulls and turkeys; she advanced at the pas de diarge, and her vociferation, like her amazemeu, wast unbounded. A sound kick froe the disgusted olteer changed it charac ter, and induced a retreat at the very moment when the emistress of the pugnacious quadru ped entered to the rescue. "Lansy me I Flo, what is the matter!" cried the sympathizing lady, with a scrutiniz ing glance levelled at the gentleman It might caswell have lighted on a feather bed. His air of imperturbable unconscious ness defied examination; and as he would not, and Flora could not, expound, that injured individual was compelled .to pocket upl her wrongs. Others of the household soon dropped in, and clustered round the board dedicated to the most sociable of meals ; the urn was paraded "laeiog lhot," anl the cups whichl "cheer, but not inebriate." asteamed redolent of lhyso alnd pekoe ; muffins and marmalade, newspapers and Finnon haddies, left ittle room for observation on the character of Charleas' warlike " turn-out." At length a look from Caroline, followed by a smile that nearly ripened to a titter, caused him to turn abruptly and address his neighbour. It was Mfies Simpkinson, who, deeply engaged in bip ping her tee and turning over her album, seemed, like a female Phrooonoetonthologo, "inmersed in cogibhudity of cogitation." An in.terr.gatory '... the .ubject of her studies drew from her tle confee?ion that she as at that moment employed in putting the finish. ing touches ton poem inspired by the romantic shades of Bohlsver. The entreaties of the company were of course urgent. Mr. Peters, aaho "cikedl venoes," was espeeially persevering, and Sapphoi at length compliant. After a pre paratory hem I and a glance at the mirror to ascertain that her look was sufficientlysenti mental, the poetess began : "There Is a alm, a holay feeling, Vtlhracr ionds caan never know, O'er the bosom softly st Callng. Cla tend grief, dcllicoas -co ! Oh I how swcet at eve r nngoaig Yon Itcno toweres ecqiestteid sluule Ia'dlcy uto cnd Uneomptalnoiag -YOw !-yeeogh !-yeough !-ycw !-yow i yelled a hapless sntferer from beneath tahe table. It wns an unlucky hour for iquadruped ; and if "every dog will have his day,"he corld not have selected n more unpropitious cno thean this. Mrs. Ogleton, too, had a pet-r favourite puog-whoe squab figure, black muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, that eurled like o hlead of celery in a salade-bol, beIpoke his Dutch extraction. Yoew ! yew ! yew! coo tinned the brute-a chorus in which bFio instantly joined. Sooth to say, pug had more reason to express his dissatisfaction than was gien him by the muse of Simpkitson ; the tbcronly bharked for compeny. Soarcely had the poeters got through her first etanzt, whe Tom Ingoldshy, in the enthusiasm of the mno meet, became to lost to the material world, that. in his abstraction, he unwarily laid his band on thecock of the urno. Quivering with emotion, he gave it such an onlucky twist, that the full stream uf its scalding contents deceended ota the gingerbread hida of the unlucky Cupid, The onfusioon was complete; lhe holeo economy of the table dinsaronged the company broke up in moet admired dis order-and "vulgar inds will never know" ,noything more f Miss Simpkionsoa' ode till they peruse it in tome forthcoming Annual. Senforth profited by the corfusion to take tle delinqacnt ahp had aused this 'letahrom "a by the arm, ond to led hIim to the eaen ere hie had a worde or teo for his prieate atr. The cofercg between the youug gentlemen was neith er brief in its durtioa nor ueipporptcat in its result. The 'ubject a ehn t the lcrawyers call tritcrtita, embbrcing the iutormlioen that Charles Seeforth tas oner hlead and eare in lone aith Tom togoldobp'o sister; secondly, that the Inaly had referred him to " papa" for hbi sanction; thirdly and lastly, his nightly vinitotians ancl cones quent beresvement. At the two fitst items Tem emiled eospie~ouly--et the last he burst nut iunt on absolute "guffa.n" "Steal your breeches! Miss a.liley over again, by Java!" shtnated Intogldlby. "But agentleman, you say-and Sir Gilee too. e an not sure, CharntS, whethel I ought not to ,itl peou ot for aspcraiug the houeur of the "Lauagh as onyou mill, Tom --hs as incredul ot 30s 0 y please. One ofact iinoeootcteble the breeches are gonU ! Laok here-I am neduced to my regimentals; and if teeso go tr-moeroc I must borrow of you l" Rleahfoucault says, them is something in the misfortunes of our very. best friends tha: dces not displease uso; ceCtainy me on, mort of un, laugh at their petty ineonenieues, till cltd upon to nupply them. Teom mm pored his features on the instant; and replied ith meore gravity, cwriteltat with an eapren ion, which, if my Lud Mopyor had been mithin hearing, might bone cost him five thillings. " There in snmething rery queer in thi, after all. The clothee, you coy, hake loaia tiroly disappeared. Somebody is playing yen a trick ; nod, ten to one, ynr nerveant h?es o hand iuit. y the bmay, 1 hehrd some. thing yesterday of his kieking up a bubbery in the bitecen, 'cnd seeing an ghost, or something olthat kind, bic.celf Dependuponit, llarney to in the plot." It struch the lieutenant at once that the onually buoyant spirits of bin ottendant load of late been materitlly sebercd down, his loquacity obviously circumscribed, and that st he, the said lieutenant had actually rung his I hell three several times that very morning hefore no could procurehsa n attendance. [r. es asguire was forthwrith summoned,und sunder. tl went a close examinatio. The "bobbery" ft was easily explained. Mr. Oliver Dobbs had of hinted his disapprobation of a flirtation carry- hb ang on between the gentleman fram Manater and the Lady from the Riue St. Honord. ti [tadeolisolle boxed MSr. Manguire' ears., and oe MIr. Magucre pulled M[sdemisaelle upan his Ia knee, and the lady did not cry Jsoan Dieun hs And aIr. Oliver Dobbs said it was very wrng ; de and Mrs. Botherby said it was seandaslous, w and what ought trot to be done in any morsa hirhen ; and 3Ir. Maguire had got holk of the me [amsurtble Augsstus Sueklethunsbkis'e pow- at lr-flask, anad had put larao pinches of the ee bet double Dartford iuta3fr. Dobbs a tobacco- gs box; and3fr. Dubbs'a pipe had exphales, and aet fire to Mrs. Botherby's Sundly cap ; and y, IMr. Mlguire had put it aous with the slop* on asin, ''barring the wig;" and then they in were allso "cantankerous," that B.rney had tt gone to take a walk in the garden : and then tl -then Mr. Btrney had seen a shoat i " A what you bloklhead!" asked Tom is Ingaldany. II SSure, then, and it's mas.lf will tell your at honour the rights of it." scil the ghost-seer. ii a" strelf and 31i.s Pauline, air,-or Miss B Pauline and meself. fir tile ladies cne first any how,-.eo got tired of the hobstrop;jylhsa si hkrinm.sging among the oild servantss, that at didn't know nt joke when they ses n one : andlt we went out to look at the cornet,-that'a tie v'Pry Bury-alehouae, they calls him in a this country-and we walked upon tile tlan,- y and divel of any alehouse there was there at p all; andl Miss P.uline siid it was became of a the shrubbery may be, and why wouldn't we seeit better beyonst the trs al and eo we ti wrent to the trees, but sorrow a comet did Y neself see there, barring a big ghost instead of a t." "A ghost? And what sort of a ghost, ra Barney " " Och, then, divel a lie I'll tell your honour, i. A tall ould gentleman hle was, all in white, b with a shovel on his alshoulder, and a big torch in his f.t,-though what he wanlted with that t! it's meself can't tell, for his eyes were like t gia-lamps, let alone the moon and tile comet. which wasa't there at all: and ' Barney,' says he to me,--'e.use why he knew mle,- a ' Barney,' says he, ' what is it your'e doing with the colleen there, Barney I '-Divel A a word did I say. Miss Pauline screeched, and a cried murther in French, and raan o with c herself; and of course meself was in a mighty hurry after the lady, and had no time tostop palaveringwith him any any: so I dispersed at once, and the ghost vanished h in a llo of fire!" t 3Mr. 3laguire's aeeount was received with t avowed incredulity by both geatlemen ; but Barney stuck to his text with untlinching a plertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was y ugglested, but alandoned, as neither party had a taste for delicate icnvestiga ions. C "I'Il tell you what, Sefuorth," said Ingolds- t by after Barney had reetived his dismissal, a "that there is a trick here, is evident; and Barney's vision may possibly be a part of it. I Whether he is moat ktnave or fool, you best knsow. At all revents, I will sit up with you I to-night, and see if Ican convert my sincestor a into a visiting acquaintance. Meanwhile, your fitexr on your lip ! " "'Twas naw tie eery witehins tLihe aof stigh. lhcn c?lt?slwtd a caw.. d h"... gl?e uap their Gladly would I grace my tale with decent horror, and therefore I do beseech the "g-ntle reader" to believe, that if all the succedanes to this mysterious narrative are nut in strict keeping, he will ascribe it only to the dis graceful innovations of modern degeneracy upon the sober and diguilled habits of our aselters. I cn introduce him, it is true. into an old and high-rofedl chamber, its walls covered on three sides with black oak waidns esting, adorned with carvings of fruit and fwears long anterior to those of Orinling Gibbous; the fourth side is clothed with a eturious remnant of dingy tapestry, once elu aidatory of some Scriptural hi-tory, but of t/ric/ not even Mrs. Botherby could determine. c SIr. Simhkiuson, nula hbd exanmined it cars fsllr, iselined to belisve tihe principal figurer to be either Bathsheba, or Daniel in the lions' den; while Tom Ingoldsby decided in favour lof the king of Basahan. All, howaever, was conjecture, tradition being silent on the sub ject. Alofty arhed portal led into, and a little arched portal led ontof, this apartment ; they were opposite each other, and both pda sessed the security aof masey bolts on the interior. The bedstead, too, was not one of yesterday, but manifestly coeval with days er Seddlona was, and haen a good fasr-post " utiele ' was deemed worthy of being a royal bequest. Tihe bed itself, with all thie apparte nuaces of pallase, mattresses, &e.;, was of far later date, eant looked most incongruously comfortauble ; the asements, too, with their little diamond-shakped panes and iron binding, had given wayt tao tle modern heterodolxy of the nseltw'iuadow. Mor was this all that con spired to ruin the costume, and render the room a meet haunt for such "mixed spirits " ugly as cold condescend to don at the same time ql Elizahethan doublet and Bond-street inexpresaibhs. Wide their green morocco slippers on a modern fender, in front of a disg?aeefnlly modern grate, sat two young gentlemen, clad in "shtaa- pattern" dressing-gowns and ilack ilk stocka, much at variance with the hight auns-acked chalrs which supported them. A bujch of abomination, called a igar, reeked in thnenft'hand asrsir ofathe mouth of one, and in the light-band corner of the mouth of t the other-an arrangement happily adapted t for the ecampo of the noxious fumes sp the chimney, without that unmereiful " funking" i each other, which a less scirentific disposition would have induced. A small pembroke table I filled up the intervening space between them, stnahining, at each extremity, an elbow and a glasas toddy: and thus in "lonely pensive a conteplation " weoro the two worthies occt pied, when the "iron tongue of midnight had tolled twelve." "' Ghost time's come ! " said Ingoldaly, t taking from his waistcoat pocket a watch like i a gold half-crown, and eonsulting it as though t he suspected the turret-cloek over the atables of medacity. " lush! " said Charles; "did I not hear a t footstepl" There was a pause-there was a footstep- I it sounded dietinctly-it reached the door- I it hesitated, stopped, and passed on. Tom darlted acras the room, threw open the door, and beame aware of Mrs. Botherby I toddling to her cahabher at the other end f t the gallery, after dosing one of the douse- I mwise with an approved julep from thet Caountesa of Kent's "Choice MsanuaL.' aGoaol-night, sir I" said Mrs. Botherby. a Go to the d-1 " said the disappointed ghost-hunter. An hour-two- rolled on, and still no spectral visitation ; nor did aught intervene to make night hideous ; and when the turret cluck sounded at length the hour of three, Ingoldaby, whose patience and grog were alike a ewhausted, sprang from his chair, asying,- "This is all infernsd nonsense, my good fetllsow. Deuce of any ghost shall we see to night; it's long past the canonical hbour. I'm ali to bed; and as to your breeches, I'll insure a them for twenty-lfour hours at least, at the price of tilte bsnekr." "'CGretioly Oh! thani'e--to he sslra!" stammered L'Charles, rousing himself from a reverie, whieh had degenerated into an abso lute ansssae. a anst,d.nighlt, my boey Bnil the doar be Iind met; and slely the Pope, the Devil, and the Preteuder !" tSeaorth fllaowed his friend's advicee, and the next morning inme down to braetkfast dressed in the habilimests of the preceding dlay. The charm was broken, the demon dfetted; the light greys with thebo red stripe dawn the sesan were yet da recess ,,aterd, and adorned the pereon of their hawful pro prietor. Tom faicibted himself and his partner of thle wastch on the raselt of their vigitnce; but there is a ruatic adage, which warns sa against self-gratulation before we are quite "sot atof thab waood." Seaforth was yet within its ves ge. A rap at Tom Ingoldeby's door the neat morning startled him a hbe wa shaving-he ut hlia chin. " Come in, and be d-d to you !" said the martyr, premling his thumb on the waosnded rpidesmis. The door opened, pnal ehibited tr." Baraey Snguire.. "Wall, beytra . hath is it quoth the euteres-, adoptisg the veracula oa his siai tant.- - - - '"The master;sir-" "tWell, what does he want I " "The lsadst of a breeches, plasoe your hnou r." - "Why you don's mean to tell me--ny Ibeauen, this is too goodl" shouted Tom, bursting tat's alt at of uueotollable lnughter. " \hy, Barney, you don't mean to say the ghast hasr got thom nagin o S r. Meguire did not respond to the ysoung squire's risibility?; the cast of his countenance was decidedly sero0ns. for "Faith, then, it's cone they are, suro enough I Han t mesolt been looking over the bed, and under the bed, and in the bed, oeo for the matter of that, and divel a h'p'orth clo of breeches is there to the fore atall :-I'm all bothered dntirely !" mig " Hark'- I Mr. Barney.' said Tom, incau- and tionult removing his thulmb, and letting a rol crimsbon strecam 'incarnadine mltitudinol" ather that plartererl his throat-" thi may the he all very well with your master, but you dti don't humbug me, sir :atell me instantly c-Ic what hlave you done with the clothes " apm This abrupt tnmn.ition ftm " lively to severe" certainly took Maguire hy corprise, and hre seemed lfor an instant as much dicnn- Li, serted as it is pasible to disconcert an Irish a no gentleman' gentleman. his " Me l is it meaelf, then., that's the ghost to -h your honour'e thinking ?" said he after a the moment's pause, and with a slight shalle of re indignation in his tones: "is it I would stale in the master's things-and what would I do with of them ?" w " That you best know:-what your purpose ago is I can't guess, for I don't think you me;a to etolae' them, es you ncall it ; blt ht hot you are - concerned ia their disappearance, I am satis- jf tled. Confound this blood !-give me a towel, Barney." wi Maguire acquitted himself of the commis- tw sion. " As I've a powl, your honour," said he, moo solemnly, "little it is meself knows of the fat matter: and after what I seen-- " t " What you've seen! Why, what hare you led seen ?-- srney, I dotn'tott ant inquire intot yollr flirtatins ; but don't suppose you can th palm olIyour saucer eyes and giglampe upon Ju :mel" to "Then, as sure as your honour' standing eit there, I saw him : and why wouhld't I, when th MSice Pal!ine was to the fore as well as meselft, and- " l "Get along with your nonsense-leave the Lal room, sir ! " "But tihe masterl" said Barney, implar- 00 ingly ; "and without a breechles?--ur Ire'll pt be catching cowld? 1 "Takac that, rescal !" replied Ingaldshy, br throwing a pair of pantaloons at, rather than wr to, him ; "but don't suppce., sir, you .hall "I carry on your trickls here with impunity p recollect there i suoch a lthing Is a treadlaaill, ta anld that my father is a county magitrate." Barney's eye flashed fire-he stood erect, No and was about to speak ; but, mastering him- At self, not without an effort, he took up the on garment, and left the room as perpendicular as It a Quaker. he \---- ea "Ingoldshy," said Charles Seaforth, after th breakfast, " this is now past a joke ; to day is no the last of my stay ; for, notwitlltanoding the oa ties which detain me, common decency obliges en me to visit home after s, long an absence. I hi shall come to an immediate explanation with Ca your father on the subject nearest my he.rt, ag and depart while I have it change of dress left. On his answer will my return depend ! In the meantime tell me c ndidly-I ask it in all seriousness, and as a friend-am I not a dope to your well-knocn propensity to hoaxing ? Have you not a hand in-" "No, by Heaven, Seaforth; I see what yon mean : oil my honour, I am as much mystified as younelf ; and if your servant- " i "Not he :-if there be a trick, he at lesat is 0] not pivy to it." P "If there be a trick ? why, Charles, do you yo think-" di "lI know not clhat to think, Tom. As cr surely as you are a living man, so surely did PO that spetctal anatomy visit my room again Inst a night, grin in my face, anl d walk away with 0n my trousers ; nor was I able to spring fmr my bed. or break the chain which seemed to 1t bind me to my pillow." "Seaforth," said Ingoldhly, after a sheort pause, 'I will--But hush ! hero are the tl girls and my father.--I will carry off the females, and leave you a clear field with the pr Governor : c rry your point with Iem, and we will talk about your breeches afterwards." to Tom's diversion was s:accessfol; he carried in off the ladies el meaec to look at a terark:able o0 specimen of the class Doadecandria Ionoynia rc -which they could not find-w- hile Seafortl marched boldly up to the encounter, and sal carried "the Governor's" outworkw by a coup cr de cmain. I shall not stop to describe the pro gress of the attack ; sucoice it that it was as no successful as could have been wished, and that th Seaforth was referred back tgain to the lady. Titoe lappy lover was ofl at a tangent ; the ta botanical party was soon orertaken ; and the m ann of Caroline, whom a wain endeavour to el spell out the Linnman name of a dafty-daown dilly had detained a little in tlaq rear of the 0 others, was soon firmly locked ij his own. Ju "wtuhat was the world to thea , Its nolise, its naol , mead it.lol M ht?e.e aoll." Seafor'.th was in the seventh hpavrq i e retired to his room that night as happy as if no such to thing as a goblin had over been heard of, and fa personal chattels were as well fenced in by law as real property. Not so Tom Ingoldaby : the at mystery- for mystery there evideontly was had not only piqued his curiosity, but raffled at his temper, The watch of thq previous night pr had been qnauccessful, probably because it was modirguiaed. To-night he wouil t' ensconce d himself "-not indeed !' behond the arrs "- s" for the little that remained woe, as ce hare oc seen, nailed to the wall-bat in a small closet which opened from one corqer of the room, and by leaving the door ajar, would gijo its occupant a view of all that amight pass in the is apartment. Here did the young ghost-hunter as take up a position, with a good itoctl sapling ic under his arm, a full half-hour before Seaorth retired for the night. Not pyra his friend did fe he eIrt into his canfidece, fully determineda that if his plan did not succaed, the failure pi should be attributed to himself alone. hr At the usual hoqr of separation for the night, Tom saw, from his concealment, the lieutenant enter his reoom, and after taking a us ferw turns in it, with an expression so joyous ic as to betoken that his thoughts were mainlp gr occupied by I apprroaclhing happiness, proceed slowly to disrobe himself. Tthe coat, the aist- of coat, the black silk stoc, were gradually dis- W carded; the green morocco slippers were it kicked off, and thecn-y, andl then-his coun- p tenance grewrave ; it seemed to occur to him on all at once that this was his last stake-uny, that the very breeches ho had on were not his th own-- that to-morrow morning was his last, on and thatif he lost tlem- . A glance showed sc that his mind was made p p; he replaced the single button h hhad jest subducted, and threw is himself upon the bed in a state of transition half chrysalis, half grub. wl Wearily did Tom Ingoldeby watch the Tl sleeper by the flickering light of the niglt- an lamp, till the ciock striking one, indulcol him to increase the narrow opening which he had br left for the purpooe of observation. The in a motion, slight as it was, seemed to attract we Charles's attention; for he raised himself al suddenly to a sitting posture, listened for a pr moment, and then stood upright upon the he floor. Ingoldaby was on the point of dia- fr covering himself, when, the light flashing full upon his friend's countenance, he perceived pl that, though his eyes were open, " their sense lo , was shut"--that he was yet under the influ- n Senc of sleep. Saforth advanced slonly toi the toilet, lit his cacdleat ttoe lamp that staood I on it, th-n, going back to the bed's foot, ap- w \- peared to search eagerly for something which It Sho could not fitd. NW a fca moments he Sseemed restless and uneasy, walking round the to oapartment and examining the chairs, till, coming fully in front of a largo swing-glass Ia that flanked the dressing-table, he paused as Sif contemplating his figure in it. He nowo re- t turned towards the bed, put on his slippers, o cod, with catttions and stealthy steps; pro eeted towards the little archled doorway that t I opened on the private staircase. As he drew the bolt, Tom Ingoldsly emerged e I from his hiding-place; but the sleep-walker t heard him not; he proceded softly dorwnsetairs, gfollowed at a due distance by his friend; a opened the door which led out upon the gar dens, and stood at oce among the tlhicket of the shectbs, whieh there lchatered rouni tite h \- base of a corner turret, and screened the postern from common observation. At this it \- moment Igogldsby had nearly spoiled all by I making a false step : thao sound attrctedr Sea t forth's attention-he paused and turned; and, a I as the full moon shed her light directly upon t a his pale and troubled features, Trm marked, almost with dismay, the fixed and raylcaS appemarance of his eyes : \-- Thmaca woo o spcultion in tlole ort .That la did glre wiatrl a ThIe perfect stillness preserved by his follower f 1 seemed toarasureehim; hatored aide; and d from the tablet of a thicbsrt lauruttinuodcrew forth a gardenler'aspade, shouldering which he I p proeedt with greater rapidity into the midst \- of theshrubbery. Arrivedat a certain point I where the earth seemed to have been recently diaturbed, he set himself heartily tote takroot of diggiong, till, having thrown cap several -r ha-hoveulsof mould, he stopped, flung doon 1 his tool, and very composedly began to disen y cumber himself f his pantaloons. , Up to this moment Tom had watched him w. ith a wary eye: honowadvanced cautiously, and, as his friend was busily engaged in dis- a entangling himself from his garment, made g himell m?terof the epade. Sforthb, mean while, had ??complished his purpose : he stood for a moment with " lls stenamer waving in the wind," ecoupied in carefully rolling up the small clothes into as compact at form ns possible, and oil heedless of thehbreath of henaveo, which might certainly be su!pposed at such moment, and-in such a plight, to '' visit his frame top roughly." Ie was in the oct of stooping low to deposit the pantoaloons in the gravre which he had been digging for them, when Tom Igoaldsby mnme l.es behind him, and with tao flit of the spado The shock was effeetol ; never egin was Lieutrenat Seaforth knon to net the part of .a omtambuliot. One by one, his breeche- his trousers--his paot loes--hi.e silk-net tights -his patent cords, and his chowy greys with the brad red stripe of the Bombly Fencibles were brought to light, rescued from the grave in which thcey had been buried, likh tie strata of a Christmas pie ; aod, after havinog been well airej by Mrs. lrotherby, became once agnin effective. The family, the ladies, especially, lanched ; \--Barney Megnire cried " B:ltlBeration i , and ooa'tlarfe Pauline, "M.on Dicn!" Charles Seaforth, unable to face the quizzeig which awaited him on all tides, started off two hours earlier than he had proposed :-he soon returned, however ; and having, at his father-in-low's reqoust, given up the occupa tino of tcjbh-hunoiog and shootiog L\Labs, led his blushing iride to tihe altar. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath did not attend the eeremony, bein engegd?l at the Grand Junctio Meeting of Syo?racn, then conregat i?g from all parts of ite known worhl iu the city of Dublin. His essay, demonstratig that the globe is o great custard, whippel into o-w sgul.ation by whirhwiods, and cooked by electricity,-n little too much baked in the Isle of Portlhnd, and a thought underdone about the bog of Allen,-was highly spoken of, and narrowly escaped obtaining a Bridgewater Miss Simphinson and her sister acted as bridecsmadl, -n the occasion ; the former wrote an epithalamlum, and the latter cried "Lnssy m? ! " at the clergyman's wig. Some years lhae since rollat on ; the union has been crowned nith, two or three tidy little off shoots from the family tree, of whom nMaster Neddy is " grandpapla's darliog," aud Mary Anne mamma's particular "Scak." I shall only add, that Mr. and Mrs. Senforth are living together quite as happily as two good hearted, good-tcmpered bodies, very fond of each uther, can possibly do; and that since the day of his smarriage, Charles has bhown no dispusition to juml, out of bei, or ramble out of doors o' nights,-though from his entire devotion to every wish and whim of his young wife, Tom iuininutes that the fair Caroline does still occasionally take advant age of it so far as to "slip on the breeches." 