IMPERIAL INSTITUTE BANQUET. ', ???'-?? LONDON, MABOH 14. ': The banquet given last ; evening in commemoration of the 'union of the Colonial and Imperial 'Institutes was a incist pronounced success! ''' '. | Amongst the-guests were the Prince of.: rWales ; .Duke of Cambridge, Gommander-in-Ohief of the British army ; Lord Kniitsford, Secretary of State for the!. Colonies; Lord Charles Beresford ; Earl Carnarvon ; Earl Roseberyj the Agents-General for the' whplepf the: Australian colonies ; and a number, of .other distinguished guests, three hundred being present. In proposing the 'Health of the Prince of Wales,' Sir A. Blyth, Agent General of. South Australia, took :th'e opportunity-df expressing the: thanks of South Australia to the Duke of Cam bridge for his personal interest in,' and assistance to, the.Adelaide Exhibition. l.The Prince of : Wales, an replying, ?said: he regretted exceedingly that owing !to ' the demands on; his 'time he had riot yet had an 6pport\inity of visiting: Australia..; : He, however, wished; the colonists to know that he felt the deepest interest'.' in the welfare of Australia and. of the othw colonies. He considered it: was the. duty of every British statesman ? who - could- possibly do so to visit the colonies, and thus become personally acquainted with their interests and; wants.; He then pro posed 'The Army and Navy,' and in doing so 'said 'he- with the British nation fully recognised and appreciated the efforts. made by the. colonies not only to protect themselves from foreign invasion,1 but also to assist the Empire. He 'specially eulogised the offer of South Australia'. to send trooDS to the Transvaal,- and, .New South Wales for her historic and patriotic Soudan con tingent.' 'He also paid a high com pliment to Sir Graham Berry, A gent General for Victoria, whom he eulogised as. a distinguished and able statesman. ! The Duke of Cambridge and Lord Charles Beresford responded, on behalf of . the army and. navy respectively. ? j ; ;In . responding ' to ithe; toast of 'Success to the' Union Institutes,' the Prince of [ Wales ,said' he.belieyed that the Coioriial and imperial Institutes had greatly assisted in bringing, about an, improved feeling between the color 'niesand.'themother country. : Whilst he hoped' that . the two institutes would coalesce, W behalf of the Imperial In stitutehe could assure his hearers that , it had no' desire, .and disclaimed any endeavor'to' absorb the Colonial In stitute.1'. ' '''. ' ;? ;': ? '! ' '' .';??.'? i The. Earl of Carnarvon said he was sure,, no British- statesman- desired to precipitate a closer uuion between the mother country and the colonies, or, to' curtail .tlie. autonomy of tlio latter. . | Lord/'Krlufeford . spoke, of the im proved .'relations between the mother country: and her colonies,' and said he was conyiriced. that there: was'.mujh beyond ^niere sentiment binding, the colonies- and England in union. . . ... The motion submitted to tlie United States Senate for trie dissolution of the committee appointed itoi promote the proposed union between Canada . and the United' States has;,been, rejected: During , the, discussion -which., took place on' the . motion,1 Senator Sherman declared: that the proposed union was. necessary to . the best interests of Canada as well as to those of the United States; It- was impossible, heisaid, that! Canada; and the United' States c6uld maintain peaceful relations '?' if they remained separate. , ',;. ' ';' [ -Serious disagreement is stated, to have taken place between General Har rison, President of the United. States, and his Secretary' of Statej Senator J. G. Blaine, over the appointment of representatives of the United States in foreign countries. ? : , '. The health of Lord Tennyson is im proving, and it is expected that he will shortly: be convalescent. : , '' ; It is 'expected that the divorce ob tained ' iby : ex-King ' Milan ' of Servia from his wife, Queen Natalie,- will be annulled.. The, Glen and- Otto. Tin Mining Company has: been sold to an English eyndicate for jE26,000, -Subject to a ?favorable report; being given by an English expert, who will visit the claim;; .. '-. .' -: . ? ? . : ? There is an impression in official circles that- Prince Bismarck is agree^ able'^toEngland ^becoming the manda 'tbry -power in connection with Samoan 'ihatters.-: :-.'?_ . ; 1; ?' ????_'. '?: ' ' ?; ' i -Mr 'Robert Dennys^'the .T^ell-known shi §pwSbff!l Haying;' jentered^an ; action' ;against.'^r|?,Hennilcer. j jHeatbn,/ M-.P.! 'for Canterbury, for libel, damages being laid at £500, the case was settled by defendant paying .£400 and costs. The action was brought against Mr Heaton . for - articles written in the National Review'' and The Times, and in letters to the. Postmaster-Generil during 1885 : and' 1888 in connection with', the Australian mail service, in which Mr Dennys was personally alluded to as ' the Ghost' which frightened the shippers from effecting reforms. ..?. ? The Italian Opera Troupe now per forming at Drury. Lane Theatre have been engaged for an Australian season, and will leave shortly for Melbourne. 