AMaONGST THE CHURCHES. o Cl TiuE MACCE OF EMiIRE. hi Daniel II. ; - 'A sermnon delivered by Rev J; Ht' Mitchel in the Congregational 'chnrchon the evenl in` of May 26th. , ' c n.cl.d. w Nebuechdnezzar was right in concluding fromr the indelible impression-'left uponu hi mind, that his dream was of the nature of. a Divine revelation: :;The oeiquelproved that, and no doubt ever crossed thst moniiarch's fi mind on this point.' We have in his'dream a revelation from God.-: It chiefly relates to the future. It has to do with. kingdoms, , their rise, progress and decay. There is, . however, one gloriousýexcoption,i on which i the blight of, decay shall never fall, the L kingdom not founded by'hit?ranihands, but m by Divine. All this was made known to Nebuchadnezzar in prophetic. vision.' What was prophecy to him, .is history to us.o Prophecy is imply' historv:niinfulfilledi. The 0 events predicted have come to pass, hunma n eyes have gazed on the fulfilment of Nebu chadnezzar's dream. The march of empire d has been witnessed as truly as we have wit nessed the sun rising i the east, pausing on his appointed course till it went down in the west amid dLazzing glory. What is hero related is verified in history. When we look on the sacred record, we can also look at the human, -and we shall -not`'-'fail to see' the gnfolding of the Divine purpose, yea, the Divine hand,. whichs remoreth: kings -adn, c setteth up kings, until kings and peoples the d world over shallfallbefore Him whose namois. u above every named" ands confes: that .Jesus a Christ is Lordto the glory of God the Father. Theadream which had brought back toi this troubled monarch's mind was this.? He' saw an mimoge,- its dimensions were vast, its brightnds~ivas dazzlng;, its"fdrisirasterrible' t to lookeupo:;.. The head of the image was of -gold, the breast and the arms ofr silver, the t belly and thbihs of brass, the ldgs of iron,s and.the feet nartof iron and part of clay. As he "gacd upon this vast I imsge, io,' a stone cut without hands' smote the image and shivered it to pieces, and then the stone grew. and became so large, mountain like,"it'filled' the whole earth. What does this image represent? ?'e are not left here to mere conjecture. Daniel discloses that the image 1 illustrates world-wide dominion.:; Four king dome in succession would arise; each- would be different in character from the one that - went before, as setsforth in the different materials of which the image was composed. Babylon was the head of gold, and Nebe-. chadnezzar was the king. He is spoken of by Daniel as a "king of kings," that-is he :would be the greatest of the kings who?vould 'rule the successive kingdoms. When. Ninevoh fell, Babylon becamo the first power in , the earth and, that under this very kinig~,- Hencs ho was fitly symbolised as the "head of gold," because hisfo wvas " the first kingdom that could be said to be universal in its reachn: In'-poiot of magni-. ficence Babylon was the head, its riches and splendours ' are: 'alrdost- incredible. ."The SHewbrew prophets describe Babylon as "the golden city." " " The glory of the Chaldees' excellency," "the lady - of 'kingdoms," "abundant in treasures," " and the praise of the - whole : earth. - Think of the- massive walls that surrounded the metropolis- of- this vast empire,: stretching for 60 miles and rising 350 feet high. so broad that it is said that six two-horse chariots could be 'driven abreast.: The gates numbered 100 and all made of brass. And everything within the city was in keeping with the strength of its fortifications. Think of the streams of wealth and power that constantly flowed into that city, and of the currents of influence that wentonut to the furthest post of the far reaching dobninions. This was the pride of the king, inflated with the greatness he said " Is not this great Babylon that I have built for the hbuse of the kingdom, by the might of my power and the honour of my majesty?" Well did Daniel say "Thou art the head of s gold." "After thee" Daniel goes on, how startling these words nust have been to this h proud monarch who thought of an immortal dynasty of which he meant to be the founder. After thy glories have faded, and thine empire has crumbled aeway:-and the golden city passed from thy line, another power shall arise. This power, as history affirms, was the Medes-Persian, and this is repro , sesteby "tnhe rceast and arms of silver." l??~ t'- ,theafoundeh of this empire -lone S'career of Syrus, he was othd subecth o a prophecy..150 years befOreho was borhnhis Sname, his character and his achievements h were all foretold by thprophet Isaiah. The -s kingdoms of Media and Persia, the two arms Sof the imageowscr'e :h nitea byi' i, into one central power. -Thus he stood as "the 'breast and armsof silver." .This power at the time Daniel lwas speaking was one of the y weakest. :-But 60 years:after and Daniel . lived ti s'ee'witlh his own eyes what he hero p made known-the victorious Cyrus entering SBabylon and seizing the throne of the great SNebuchadnezzar. This empire endured for "200 years. It was inferior to Babylon, just as silver is inferiorto gold, thatu.is,;i it, was lees magnificent.' The rulers who succeeded Cyrus were less capable, just and humane. It indeed threy.have been discribed "as the worst race 'of'.' nehn thiat eHier governed empire." Following this, another kingdom af ppeared, known in history as the Mace. doni'an the belly and thighs of brass repre sent this forever. Alexander the great, as its founder., Tiis renowned warrior led his forces over many lands, overturning thrones in his triumph and progress. Wherever he went vietory crowned his arms., His soldiers weie clad in brazen armonr. CAs Cyris had -conquered Babylon, no Alexander in turn took that city. He rose to universal sway; ambassadors: came to him from' the most sdistant. nations. N~ o power could stand before hims. .The'i a ecbrd of tiis? trinu?phs reads like a romance. -This was the man who wept -whdn he had rinbt 'another world I to conquer; he died at Babylon in the 32rd year of his age, and that in the very height of his power and fame. The fourth power W which -arose- was, that represented by the ! "legs of iron.?"'" By this we nhderstand the Roman empire, strength was the chief charac' Sterietic of that world-wide po- er." The armies of Rome were irresistible. On they went crushing and bruising, the strongest nations fell before the conquering hosts that folloired the eagles. Rome was strong as iron is strong, the metal of dest-uction, wwhich ureaketh in pieces, and svbdueth all things. Gibbon the historian with this t prophecy in view, says-of this power, "The arms of the republic sometimes vanquished Sin battle, always victorious in war, advanced with rapid steps. to the Euphrates, the SDanube, the Rhine, and the Ocean, and the images of gold or silver or brass that might serve to represent the nations and their king were successively broken by the iron monarch of Rome." But great though this power was and wide its sweep, there were elements of weakness in it as represented, " by the feet being part of iron, and part of clay." Those who art familiar with the decline of this illustrious power know well the causes which culminated in Alasie taking Rome and Mahomit taking Constantinople, then the iron which had bruised so long was itself bruised ?zd broken. There were then four world.wide powers, and;only four, all of which were planned by human ambition, reared and supported by force of arms. History tells as of no other power that can be said to be what any of them were, all embracing in their sweep, and in this we have a confirmation of the truth of scripture that there would be only four. I know there have been men as full of ambition as any of the founders of these great empires. Theirone dream way to sway the sceptre of all lands and peoples. Charlemange, Charles V, Louis XIV, and Napoleon the first, all tried to found a world-wide empire. But history testifies to the fact that they all failed. God's word is stroncer than human hosts, and if my reading of this Scripture be correct, I hold that the world can never again see universal dominion centred in one human hand. and why! because there is another who is to reign whose right it is to reign. Jesus who is "Kling of Kings" and "Lord of Lords." Human government has been tried and it has failed in the eyes of Him who loveth right. eonsness, and who will have righteousness established in the earth. Hence a note of triumph rings through the words in which Daniel goes on to foretell the establishment of the Kingdom of Righteousness by our LordandSaviour, Jesus Christ. ThePsalmist says " The stone which the builders refused is become the head stonein thecorner. Peter on the day of Penticost, cites these words "The atone which the builders rejected is become the head stone of the corner, this is the Lotsl's doings and wondrous in our eyes." The menming of the stone is clearly defined. SIt is to be noted, that it was '" cut with out hands" signifying that the God of heaven would set up a kingdom, and it would not be founded by the force of arms or amidst the din of battle. Go back the stream of history and you will find that this actually came to pass. The heaven power, destined to rnle the world, was set up in obscurity and silence. "Whosoever shall fall on this atone shall be broken, but on whomsoever it shall fall, it shali grind him to powder." And is this not true? Where are the s~ceptres of Nebuchadnezzar, Cyrus and Alexander? Are Sthey not all broken and crushed into powder? LAnd there is Rome-the lust representative of universal away falling before the power of Christ. " hat said the last, of 'her mighty emperors, Julian. the mae who had done his outmost to destroy the faith of Jesous ? There he is dying and the last words he utters are "0 Galilean thou hast conquered l" What D~aniel predicted has come to pass; the truth of his proplecy'is sezeniu the rire and fall of. the great kingdoms. God has most surely wrought He is working etill, and His king dor holds on its triumphant course. Wshen I thinksiipion these facts, when; L' read. over again the words laden with untold blessing the stone became a'great mountain and filled the whole earth." My hope rises, my faith grows and expands, for I sea the glorious era coming to` this sin-blighted world. Yea, I seem to hear the rumble of :His chariot wheels Who rides forth conquer ing and to conquer. "The knowlndge of the Lord shall cover the whole earth," all the ends of the earth shall remember and turn to to the Lord and all the kindreds of the nations do homage before Him. Omen; men of God, awake ! awake! believ'e.this, that the cause is the Lord's and it must prosper. :Let unbelief perish forever, work with hearts on fire with the Holy Ghost, and so hasten the day of our Redeemer's complete triumph. 