THE KARABEAL STABBING CASE. M'NAUGHTON COMMITTED FOR TRIAL. At the Hamilton Police Court yesterday, bo- fore Mr. EL C. Bell, P.M., DttQeantf 'NftHgfatoa was presented on remand cliargod with wound ing with intent to kill Honorah M'Nanghton (his sister-in-law) and Peter M'Nanghton (his brother), at Karabcal, on. the 10th Jane. last. Mr. J. T. T, Smith, Crown Prosecutor, con ducted the case for the Crown and Mr. S. S&mael; appeared for the defence. The Police Magistrate said that 1 efore the case whs prooeeded with be wished to state that be had used every effort to ' tndace Mrs. M'Nanghton to make her depositions. He had considered that course necessary, in view of her very serious condition,, bat despite its import ance, he could not induce the injured woman to give any evidence. Mr. Smith -said that His Worship had done all that was necessary, bnt as far as he bad been instructed, the case could be proceeded with without Mis. MNaugbton's evidence. The P. H. said he thought it right to make his remarks in view of possible contingencies. Mr. Smith then opened the case against tbe prisoner and called, Jessie M'Nanghton who deposed that she was a single woman, the daughter of Peter M'Nanghton, living with her parents at Mokan- fer, which was about 18 miles from Hamilton, etwee n Cavendish and Dunkeld. Prisoner was ber uncle: He was unmarried, and lived in Kaiabeal about three miles from her father's. He bad a man staying with him. The prisoner sometimes came to her father's house ; he had not slept there for many years before the nigbt of tbe 8 th June. On that date be came on horeeback between 6 and 7 in the evening. He said he had been at Dunkeld, and was goiDg over tbe river. Her mother was In tbe kitchen when prisoner arrived. She asked prisoner to remain all night, and he replied that he would not stay. She pressed him to stay. He left the kitchen and'sfterwards -she fonnd him in tbe sitting room. Her sister Julia, herself, and her mother bad tea with bim. At that time she thought there was something tho matter with him. He complaibed that he could not get any pipes to smoke. He was very restless ; she never noticed him so restless before. He kept potting his hands into his pockets and moving bis chair abonU She ooola not swear chat her uncle was under the influence of drink. She was twenty -four years of age. Tbe prisoner went to bed about ten o'clock in the same roam as that occupied Jby her brothers Duncan and Edward. She slept in a room opposite. During the Diglit 8he heard striking of matches. She also heard her uncle's voice. Her mother came into witness's room oh next (Sunday) morning about 3 o'clock, and said that there was something wrong with ber node. She thai went .with her mother to her uncle's room. Her uncle was on tbe bed. He was dressed, ex cepting that his coat was off. He said he had seen a ghost. He was very pale. He said he co old see fairies everywhere. She told him there were no such things and tried to pacify him. She did not go back to bed again. Later in the morning the prisoner had breakfaat and seemed better. He went out and saddled bis horse himself, and on coming back, said he jwould not come inside the house, because some 'one was going to scald him. He asked for his saddle and came in and sat down. Her mother said to prisoner, ' You know they would not do anything to you, Duncan. "What makes yon think so !" He replied, " No, His., yon never did anything to me in your- life." He then went outside towards the river in company with ber brother Duncan. She also went ont and told him that as the river was highland his : horse was weak be ought not to cross ft. Hp said he could see pigs about the river. He did 1 not cross the river but returned again to the house at her request. On Sunday night he was talking foolishly and also during the day. She did not remember - seeing bim drinking at her mother's place. She could not Bay whether he brought spirits to the house or not. He had tea .on Sunday evening. About 3 o'clock on Snnday afternoon prisoner bad a sleep. He went to bed about 10 o'clock on Sunday night in the same room as before. Her father was in the kitchen that ; night. Witness did not go to bed, and she beard ber ancle talking from tbe room she was In. After prisoner went to bed her father came to the sitting room. Her father and mother retired abont lO e'clook, she went to prisoner's room — as he had called her — fiboat 1 o'clock on Monday morning. There was a candle in the room. Her uncle was smoking in bed ; be had bis coat off. 'Her uncle caid she bad broken open his box and read his letters. Sbe said she had not. She remained talking a tittle while with him. There was a coat hangiog on the wall, and prisoner said it was a boy. He got up and said he would go ont She bolted the back dour and be conld not get ont She asked, him to come into the sitting room and sit by hfirHthaddclTOons then, Heremamed by the lire. He asked her mother to stand between him and the window, as someone .out side wanted to shoot him. He seemed frightened that someone was going to shoot him. He crouched down between witness and her mother. Prisoner only went back to the bedroom once, and then he brought ont a candlestick in his h&n.L; He said there were men ih tbe bedroom going to shoot him. She saw a knife in prisoner's. band while he was ait tbe fireplace in the sitting room. He was cutting tobacco. The knife was her brother Duncan's, Prisoner thought he was safe when they stood between him' and the win dow. Prisoner then ran shone the room and got into the corners. Her father came out of the bedroom. There was a kerosene lamp on tbe sitting room table. Her nncle knew ber father, and said "Hotio! are yon here?" Tbey ap peared friendly, and prisoner handed her father the candlestick. Her father asked for the knife, bnt prisoner would not give it up. Her father asked him to come and sit by the fire. He did after a short time. They were all in the sitting room together. Prisoner was sitting on a chair behind her father. He said there were more people going to shoot him. Her father com menced talking abont his bullocks and the saw mills. Prisoner said there was a man behind the window-curtain with a gun going to shoot bim. Her mother showed Mm it was hot so by shaking the certain. Prisoner said, "Send those men men away and Hi give you my land in the morning." Her father said, " Idon't want jour land, Duncan." He said, Yes you do." Prisoner bald a knife in Ms band and im mediately struck her father with it on the back of the head. Her father turned around, when a second blow was struck at ber father by prisoner. Blood came from her father's face after the second blow. Her father and witness closed on tbe prisoner. Her father got behind prisoner. Prisoner then got his arm over her head and held her. She got away and her father and mother were holding prisoner. The Srisoner was then brought by then; to the front oor. She held the prisoner's hand with' the knife in it. Her sister Jnlia then came into the room and tried to open ihe front door bnt could not. They then took prisoner to the backdoor and pat bim outside and closed the door. Her youngest brother bolted tbe back door. She then went into her mother's bedroom. Her brothers were screaming that her mother was dead. Her mother was lying on the floor. ' She was gasping and said she was wounded. Witness opened her dress and fonnd a wound in the neck. It was bleeding bnt qot freely. Her mother lay for some time and they moved her on to a feather mattress. She then went to see bow her father was. He was . lying on the floor, of the sitting room and bleeding very much. He was ih a weak state. She bound up her father's face. Afterwards she wrote to Constable Harris of Cavendish. She sent the letter by her brother Duncan. Mr. Forsyth, a neighbor,, first came "to the honse about 11. a.m. Her mother and father were attacked -eboet 3 Tn— abe iiiuiiitiig. Dr. BfeUltULi came abont 3 o'clock in 'tbe afternoon. Witness did not see ber uncle again until Wednesday, 19th June. Sbe did not see her mother strnck. She saw ber mother when tbey were straggling at the end of the table. Her mother bad her, hand up 'to ber shoulder, tbe shoulder which witness afterwards found was wounded. She did not see ber mother during the straggle, j Sbe did not hear her mother saying anything. They were screaming together. There had been no quarrel - with her uncle. 'She had never searched for the knifq. To Mr. Samuel : She saw her uncle the day before he' came in to the trials at the session on the 28th May; he seemed quite sensible. He was very different on the Saturday she saw him. There eras something wrong with him on Saturday. He was wrong In the head. The prisoner's hands trembled. Her mother said her undo had brought whisky to the honse and wanted her to make hot toddy; she came to tho kitchen .for hot water. The prisoner said that on Saturday nigbt two swagmen had been at hiB house and frightened him. -She kept her uncle inside because sbe was afraid he would hurt himself. -He eras, not fit to go at large. She did mot think her uncle kpsw what he was doing when he used the knife. . Arthur Bennett deposed that fin waa a legally Soalified modical pcaetationer residing in Ham- ton. On Monday Mth jnne herrent qot to Feter M'Manghtanle plara. ... He arriyed there about half-past twelve." Mrs. , M'Nanghton first came under his uOtSce. Be fonnd, her. ion. the floor of the hod roam. ; Bbe wajs amscioiu,hnt extremely wreak and in e very dangerous con dition. Thoe was a woand in the node, a small incised .Wound, about 'four inohea ; he probed /our inches without reaching th. end of the wound ;-the.hr i&qm; jUte langs was escaping from, tbe wound - there was not much Mood escaping externally 3 he judged she was bleeding internally ;: the wound ton the surface was shoot rmuinchi long. 5 -The ..fanfeprodncad would.infliot $he wounds andthere: mnbt have been conriderahlB -violeaoe in ruing ih From her appearanoe .he ebonH,:ray, :tiiat AIrB. '.MCTangbhmiwu not aetrongwoman. : .She re still fo .<»itiSod>|d«te.f«A ,fow daya #ftor exr renmjnghechefonndagnantityrfhloodattfaB made .tbtTwound ihad eut thrqui oneiof the Mis. M'Naughton to give evidence. On tbe 13thJuneBbewB.indftttfcerousstato; ho did not then think she would recover. He h&d; examined prisoner on 11th Jane in tbe gaol, at the request of the police. Prisoner appeared like a man who bed been drinking within the past few days. He bad some delations. He mid that two men bad been trying to shoot htm outside bis brother's house, and as bis brother would not let him at them he had stabbed him. He said he was sorry his sister- in-law was hurt, but he was «not sorrv for his brother. He said he had not quarrelled with his brother. He then thought that prisoner was under a delusion. He spoke quietly and sensibly, but gave no reason for bis til-will against his brother. When he saw pri soner on tbe 11th June witness believed that prisoner had a partial knowledge of what he said. He examined Peter M'Nanghton on 10th June. He had & cat on the nose, and also on the J upper lip, which was severed. The wounds had been freshly done. The wounds were not dangerous. There was another wonod on the back of the bead ; it just went through the scalp. It was not a dangerous wound. He did not require much attention. To Sir. Samuel : Prisoner spoke Midland Scotch. He saw prisoner in company with Dr. Hearn. He was under delusions on the 11th June. Prisoner seemed to be suffering from delirium tremens. William E. L. Fanu Hearn deposed that he was a legally qualified medical practitioner residing at Hamilton. He saw prisoner on lltb dun a little before Dr. Bennett had seen and had made a report on prisoner's condition. The prisoner was suffering from the effects of drink. Prisoner bad no recollection of having wounded his sister-in-law. He was under de losions, and said he had stubbed his brother for identification in case ronrd»r should be com mitted on him. He said that persons had been tiyiug to get through the roof to hang him, and he had torn His clothes for identification. On the 14th June prisoner was perfectly recovered, and on the 17th witness could not trace any sign of insanity in the prisoner. To Mr. Samuel: Ir. was an ordinary case of delirium tremens. Witness' re>ort was made on : behalf of the prisoner, and at his expense. Superintendent Drought deposed that he was 'in charge of the police station at Hamilton. On the 19th June he accompanied Mr. Bell, P.M , to Mr. M'Naogtaton'a place. Prisoner was pre sent under arrest. Mr. Bell spoke to Mrs. M'Naughton, and asked her to make a state ment of the occurrence in the presence of the prisoner, but she refused. Sbe had made a statement previously. It was taken before Mr. Yonng, J. P. Eobert Young deposed that he was a Justice pf the Peace for the Western bailiwick. The statement (produced) of Houoreh M'Naughton was taken in his presence. The signature to the declaration was his Mrs. M'Naughtoo's statement was to the effect tjbat on the 10th of Jane she saw prisoner strike her husband twice with a knife, aud in frying to save ber husband sbe found herself wounded, Don can M'Naughton deposed that he was a j son of Peter M'Naoghtou and lived with bis father. Qe corroborated the evidence given by bis sister a previous witness. He saw his father holding his uncle from behind and his sister Jessie holding him in front ; his mother was near tbe fire place ; his sister Julia was also there ; they were straggling with his uncle. His uncle had a.koife in biB hand. It was a knife witness had exchanged with him on Saturday night. Witness tried to get the knife from prisoner bnt did cot succeed. He did not see prisoner strike any one. They brooght prisoner to the front door and be then said " fret me go, I woot tonch bim any more." Prisoner was than brought to tbe back door and put outride. Prisoner had the knife with him. Witness saw that his father's lip had been split. After prisoner had been pat ont witness went to bis mother's bedroom and saw his mother on tbe floor, in a fainting condition. Abont sun rise lie rode into Cavendish for Constable Harris. He then telegraphed for tbe doctor and returned home about 11 a.m. The knife produced was the one prisoner had exchanged with him. To Mr. Samuel : He was 17 years old. He had not seen his undo much. He agreed with his sister as to his uncle's state. To Air. Smith : He kept striking matches. He said he could not read the paper as his eyes were sore. On Saturday night prisoner said he could see ghosts flying over his bed. Prisoner on being turned out of tbe bonsc bad no boots or hat on, Edward M'Nanghton gave corroborative evi dence. Peter M'Naughton deposed that the prisoner was his brother. The prisoner lived about three miles away from witness. Tbe prisoner bad two places, altogether about 900 acres. Witness had no claim or interest in prisoner's land. There was no buriuess transactions between them be yond running their ehecp together. He never bad any quarrel with tbe prisoner. On Satur day night Sth June be was not at home. His boy Duncan came to him on Sunday and said Jljs pnclfijwafi talking —in Wiummmm, of that he came home $ it was after dark. He stayed in the kitchen. After prisoner went to bed be went into the honse. It most have been late when he went to bed that night. Sometime before midnight he went to his bed room and went to bed. When he name in be saw several members of his family sitting at the fire. He was awakened by something and bis wife asked him it he heard prisoner talkiog. He could not moke out what prisoner was say ing. He then heard the voices in the sitting- room. His daughter Jessie asked prisoner to I five her the knife. Witness then told bis wife ' <0 get up. She did so and weat into the sitting- room. He heard both his wife and daughter ask prisoner to give up the knife. His wife came back and said the man was worse. Prisoner came to his room and then returned to tbe sitting-room. He bad a candlestick in his hand and be had something in his other hand. Prisoner gave him the candlestick. On seeing him prisoner said, "Hello! are you here?" He asked him to shake hands, which he did. He asked prisoner to sit by the fire bnt he stopped at the door. He conld get no sense out of bim. He said " There they are on the wall and on the ceiling." He then ran down the pas sage and witness heard the click of a knife. Prisoner -roared out "Murder" several times, so, as he said, they conld hear at Mok&nger; station. . Prisoner went down on his haunches and put. his hand on 'witness's shoulder, and witness saw a knife in his hand for the first time. Prisoner said there was a man behind the window blind. His wife lifted np the cur tain and showed there was not one there. Prisoner cried ont ' put them away 1 " On his wife letting the curtain down he cried, " Let it down and yon will get my land in the ' morning;" He did not know whether that was said to thp goblin or to himself. Witness then get a stinging bjpw on tbe head. Qn turning round prisoner drove the knife into his face. The wounds had to be sown up. He then seized prisoner by the arm, when he commenced straggling. His wife then cried out, " Oh he's struck him !" He noticed Ms wife then coming forward dose to prisoner, bnt he conld not say how she was etrack. Prisoner then sang out. " fret me go." All the family tried to get the knife from him. He then, shored prisoner along to the front door, then to the bade door, and put bim'onbdde. They put prisoner ont because they conld not get the knife from him. He then saw. his wife lying on the floor. in a fm fr He did not know then that his wife had been bark He asked bis wife if she was wounded, and sbe said "Yes." It was late in the day bis wife told him that she got the blow that was coming down on Jessie's head. His two wounds were attended to by the doctor. These wounds were inflicted on him by prisoner. Prisoner was talk ing abont goblins. He might hare taken him for a goblin. He saw the constable and. doctor at his hjuse, but bis wife would not give any statement in consequence of the presence of the prisoner. She was in terror of prisoner, and would . not _makp a statement at anytime in prisoner's presence. There wits no tit-feeling between prisoner and witness's wife. To Mr. Samuel : He believed his brother was suffering from the effects of drink. Prisoner was either in a state of delirium tremens or of madness. He conld not say . where the one ended and the other began. He promised to bail bis brother out hut he had broken his pledge so often that he could not tract him. He could npt take any responsibility regarding his brother. It would be mistaken kindness to bail him. He was certain bis brother was ont pf his senses when he attacked him. Arthur Harris deposed that he was a mounted constable stationed at Cavendish. Hie remem bered Duncan M'Nanghton coming to him on the Uih Jane last with a letter from Ids sister, about 20 initiates past 9 in Che morning. He forwarded a telegram to Hamilton ana pro ceeded in laest of prisoner,' He went to BromeU's station to' wait tor He. saw prisoner coming across one of the paddocks. . Prisoner bad neither had nor boots on. It was about 6 miles from P. M'Naaghton'a that be saw prisoner. The time was about J past 12. He waited until prisoner came up towards the fence. He was in plain clothes behind a bridge. When prisoner saw him he turned away. Wit ness called tohiimaiid said"Goodday,Dnncan, I've another jury summons foryou." Constable frithgow then up. . Prisoner said he was going into Hamilton to giro himself up. Wit ness then dismounted end searched him, especi ally for the knife, hut fonnd no knife on him. On searching be fonnd-a handkerchief end a tie with blood. The handkerchief produced, -appmured to bare been, washed. The necktie was spotted with blood. He then iook prisoner to Byrnes fann. On the way he asked prisoner .what -be bad done to' Peter and.faiB wife. Prisoner replied "Yon know." He -did not oatrtioh prisoner. Prisoner alro said "When I go before the judge yon will know too,'' He asked prisoner if be had been drinking. He said " Yes, ! bare been on the spree nine dm in ' Hamilton. He saw blood on both rides of prisoners fiuce. .The blood /waa dry. He aaired prisoner how it came ihere "and he said he had been kflling a fiheep. Tbe -prisonet timtodca iiLwrilly manner, wnd aaid tint lie bad -and bad beird ,tfae magpies aHing out 'Dr. bCNangbtop" nd ibathe met b&ooWh; titopUying'4 VThe Camp- bell's aropeknihg .Mr. Hyhea ; tirovebrispher In buggy toHanffltqiaM Odtotae tttijgow; rode behine. He did not see prisoner again un til 39th Jon. In his opinion prisoner was peculiar in his maimer. He believed tbe prisoner's mind was affected. It was not . until prisoner began taUing abont .the magpies and the Scotch piper ibi he noticed the .peculiar manner of prisoner. James White frithgow deposed that be was a .mounted-constable residing in Hamilton. He generally corroborated Constable Harris's evi dence. On the morning of the 11th Jnne be spoke to prisoner after he was formally re manded. Mr. Samnel objected to supercilious remarks by policemen. He objected to "gaol gossip." and Me. Xatbgow had no tight to enquire from the prisoner anything unless be cautioned him. The Crown Prosecutor contended that tbe statement was voluntary. Mr. Samnel said no statement msde by a person in duress was voluntary. The Crown Prosecutor dissented from such a proposition. Tbe Bench admitted the evidence. Constable frithgow (continued) -The prisoner said if bis sister-in-law got injured it must hare been while trying to protect herbnsb«nd, but ho intended to mark his brother, as he was under th < impression that be . was Acting in eonoert with two other men to kill him, .and that if bis (the prisoner's) body was found the police would know that Peter (his brother) had something to do with the mnrder. This closed the case for the Crown. Mr. Samuel said that he had done his duty for his client, and he would not refrain from saying that the Crown had oonducted the casein a very fair and impartial manner, and it showed the wisdom of the authorities in sending to Hamilton such a competent petson as Mr. J. T. T. Smith to conduct the proceedings. He was perfectly satisfied, and he could only say in conclasion that his client felt bis position keenly, and now in hia right mind ho deplored having injured a beloved sister-in-law and an affectionate brother. Tbe prisoner was then formally committed to take bis trial at the Supreme Court, Hamilton on the 11th September next. 