s (Bthxnai flapm. i&aiarai; lain in ilj* ^initial MorlD. (-id paper read ?before the Archidiaconal Council of JBeechworth, Feb. 27, 1889, by Rev. R. II. Potter, M.A.) Henry Drummond's book ' Natural Law in the Spiritual World' is divided into eleven chapters, any of which may be taken by itself. I do not propose even to glance at all of them. I shall limit myself in the main to the consideration of two subjects, 'Biogenesis' and ' Parasitisvt.' First, however, I would speak generally. Mr. Drummond tells us that the problem he has attempted to solve is this — ' Is there not reason to believe that many of the laws of the spiritual world, hitherto regarded as occupying an entirely separate province, are simply l.iws of the natural world ?' And, indeed, he seems to prove that there is reason to believe it. He was accustomed to address two kinds of audiences at different times. On week days he lectured to students on the Natural Sciences. And on Sunday he spoke to an audience made up chiefly of working men, on moral and religious subjects. For awhile he thought the two subjects were quite opposed to each other, but presently he began to notice a similarity ; how the two would meet, and indeed seemed to be guided by like laws, and, to use his own words, he 'found the truth running out to his audience on the Sundays by the week day outlets. The subject matter, Bejigion, had taken on the method of expression of Science, and he discovered himself enunciating spiritual law in the exact terms of Biology and Physics.' And again, in another part of the preface to his book, the author says : — '? I was prepared to be loyal to the method throughout, and share with nature whatever consequences might ensue. But in almost every case, after stating what appeared to be the truth in words gathered directly from the lips of nature, I was sooner or later startled by a certain similarity in the general idea to something I had heard before, and this often developed in a moment, and when I was least expecting it, into recognition of some familiar article of faith. ' In years gone by science was always looked upon as, and I suppose is by some still believed to be, the opponent of religion in its irue-t sense. But surely it will be found, and Mr. Drummond's book goes to prove it, that provided men are earnest seekers after truth, the more science progresses the more religious the world will become. ' It speaks to religion,' says our author, ' with a twofold purpose. In the fir'st place it offers to corroborate Theology, in the second to purify it.' Now how is this done under the heading of Biogenesis. Let us see if Theology is corroborated by that doctrine. The doctrine of Biogenesis, or ' life only from life' is now univer sally believed in by the leading scientific men. It has been clearly proved that matter cannot spontaneously generate life, but life must come from preexisting life. Tyndall most reluctantly says — 'I affirm that no shred of trustworthy experimental testimony exists to prove that life in our day has ever appeared independently of antece dent life.' As in the xcieiitifie, so in the religious world, there have been two schools holding directly opposite views. Some have believed that ?' religion was a thing to be spontaneously generated by the evolution \- of character in the laboratory of common life.' While others have persistently held that life must come from life, for ' unless a man be born again he cannot enter the kiugdom of God.' This dictum of our Saviour science goes to prove. I daresay some of us have often been puzzled with the thought — What is it that makes the great difference between a virtuous, a moral man without belief in God, and the so-called religious man who is nominally at least a child of God — for often the virtuous man without religion is a far more loveable character than the so-called religious man. And why a virtuous man should not simply grow better and better, until in his own sight he enter the kingdom of God, is what thousands, says Mr. Drummond, honestly and seriously fail to understand. What does science say 1 The inorganic or mineral world is divided from the living world by a great gulf — by barriers which have never yet been crossed from within. '? No change of substance, no modi fication of environment, no chemistry, no electricity, nor any form of energy, nor any evolution can endow any single atom of the mineral world with the attribute of life. Only by the bending down into this dead world of some living form can these dead atoms be gifted with the properties of vitality ; without this preliminary contact with life, they remain fixed in the inorganic sphere for ever.' This law has been proved. Many have tried to show it to be false, but so far none have succeeded. ' Of that strange border land between the dead and the living, science is silent.''1 What then is the difference between a Christian and one who is not a Christian 1 It is not a difference of development, but of generation. That is — the Christian has a something in him which he who is not a Christian does not possess. That strange and new endowment is Christ. ' He that hath the Son hath life.1' And what do we mean by possessing Christ 1 Can we explain it ? It means the spiritual life. . What natural life is, Science cannot tell us; ' the word life still wanders through Science without a defini tion.' Even as Science cannot explain all in Nature, no more can we hope to find everything explained in Religion. And ' as Origen centuries ago insisted the difficulties of Eeligion. are simply the difficulties of Nature.' Near the conclusion of the chapter on Biogenesis, Mr. Drum mond says: — 'One question more we can louk at for a moment — What can be gathered on the surface as to the process of regeneration in the individual soul 1 From the analogies of Biology we should expect three things : First, that the new life should dawn suddenly ; Second, that it should come ' without observation ' ; Third, that it should develop gradually.' On two of these points, he says, there can be little controversy, He refers to the second and third. But it is to the fi?'st I wish to draw your attention — ' The new life should dawn suddenly.' When does the new life dawn in the Christian. 2 Surely at Holy Baptism. It is then the. new life dawns. Even as at our naked birth we are to a certain degree unconscious, as we do not hnow we are born till long afterward, so the beginning of ihe dew birth is an unconscious moment too. Most assuredly, when we are baptised the Holy Ghost descends upon us and the new life dawns, though it comes without observation and developes gradually. Mr. Drummond says 'There maybe cases — they are probably in the majority — where the moment of contact with the living spirit, though sudden has been obscure. But the real, moment and the conscious moment are two differenc things.' Exactly. The real moment at which the new life dawns is the time when the child is baptised. But sur;ly the analngy of nature is against the belief' that in all cases there must be a sudden conscious moment, when the conversion of a mau takes place, in which 'a something happens like the sudden snapping of a chain, the waking from a dream.' Parasitism, is clearly an evil. Let me first briefly summarise what the author of the book we are considering says with regard to Parasitism in the natural world. He tells us of a minute organism resembling, when magnified, a miniature ki li ey bean. This organism is found within the body of the hermit crab, and is called a sacculina: Not a trace of structure is t ) be found within its frame. It possesses neither legs, nor eyes, nor mouth, nor throat, nor stomach. It has a bunch of root-like processes hanging from one side. By means of these it imbibes automatically its nourishment ready prepared from the body of the crab. The life history of this small creature shows a degeneracy almost unparalleled in nature. In its earliest siage it is quite another creature - a creature even with a different name, the JViivplivs. It then has an oval body, with six well pointed feet, by . means of which it paddles through the water. For :i time it leads an active, independent life : then after a short while its tiny body, doubles in upon itself, and from the two front limbs elongated fila ments protude. Its four hind limbs disappear, and twelve swimming organs temporarily take their place. Thu3 charged the Sacculina sets out in search of a suitable host. When it finds a hermit crab it penetrates the body with its two fi'amentary processes. The saccu line form is gradually assumed, and the whole of the swimming feet drup off ; and the animal settles down for the rest of its life as a parasite. In the eyes of nature the sacculina commits a twofold crime. It disregards evolution, and evades the great law of work. Two main causes are known to the Biologist as tending to induce the parasitic habit. One is the temptition to secure safety without the vital exercise of the faculties, The other, the disposition to find food without earning it. ? ' ? . There are several tendencies, we are told, of the modern religious life which directly or indirectly induce the parasitic habit and bring upon thousands of unsuspecting victims secret and appalling penal ties. One of those mentioned is going to church . And the reasons given are shortly the following. Because such a habit (which Mr. Drummond calls ' an invaluable aid to the ripe development of the Spiritual life ') tends to prevent a man from selecting truth at first hand. The churchman goes to church, it is supposed, to learn some thing from his clergyman. The hearer only listens. And there is a tendency for him to live only within the circle of ideas of his minister, to be content that his minister has these ideas — like the literary parasite who fancies he knows everything because he has a good library. What can we who are preachers of the Word of God learn from this criticism in which we cannot but feel there is a great deal of truth? Should we not aim in the first place at being practical and outspoken ; and secondly at being suggestive so that what we say may lead others to think, and learn more than we can put before them in several sermons 1 Our worship, the worship of the Church of England is largely liturgical. And where there is such worship, Mr. Drummond says, the danger of parasitisn assumes a serious form. 'For,' lie says, ' every sincere man who sets out in the Christian race begins by attempting to exercise the spiritual faculties for himself. He is tempted to take what is prepared rather than to use his own spiritual faculties and pray earnestly from his heart. He may be inclined to exchange, when present in church, his personal religion for that of the congregation. What more likely than that a public religion should by insensible stages supplant his individual faith ? What more simple than to content himself with the warmth of another's soul 1 What more tempting than to give up private prayer for the easier worship of the liturgy of the. Church ? What in short more natural than for the independent, free-moving, growing sacculina to degenerate into the listless, useless, pampered parasite of the pew.' Perhaps the clergy, who are accustomed to say their office every day, understand most clearly the danger to the spiritual life which is here mentioned. But is there no answer to this criticism on liturgical worships ? Would it make matters easier to have no liturgy? If the congrega tion at least are to come to pray as a body, :is it not better far for them to be able to say their prayers with the clergyman than to' listen to some prayer, beautiful or otherwise, which he 5may be enabled to utter ? If there were no liturgy it seems to me that Diiblic worship would be even more parasitical than it is when all have a liturgy to use. If we know what words to use in prayer we may of ten be tempted to let our thoughts wander it is true. But how beautifully now church prayers express the needs we feel. And if we cannot express them as forcibly in our own words may we not rest, content to use the words we do. It is never intended by the Church that anyone of the congregation Bhould rest content with being prayed for. Kach one must, if he would be spiritually heal' hj, pray for himself also. A man mis understands our beautiful liturgy if he thinks that the individual members of the congregation are not intended to apply it each to himself. Although the clergyman may and often does help his people he cannot be expected to say prayers that will apply to each individual soul among his flock. It would not be sufficient if he could. A man's prayers cannot be said by deputy. Mr. Drummond, later in his chapter on Parasitism, says : ' When a church is off its true diet, it is off its true work. Hence one ex planation of the hundreds of large and influential congregations, ministered to from week to week by men of eminent learning and earnestness, which yef do little or nothing in the line of those special activities for which all churches exist. An outstanding man at the head of a huge, useless, and torpid congregation, is always a puzzle. But is the reason not this, that the congregation gets too good food too cheap? And he adds, ' Providence has mercifully delivered the church from too many great men in her pulpits; but there are enough in every countryside to play the host disastrously to a large circle' of otherwise able-bodied Christian people, who, thrown on their ow 1 resources, might fatten themselves and help others. There are compensations to a flock for a poor minister after all. When the fare is indifferent those who are really hungry will exert themselves to procure their own supply.' The truth of this last sentence cannot be disputed. But there are so very many who do not feel really hungry for the food of which we are all in need. And it is to teach men how necessary certain food is, that the clergy have often to make great efforts when preaching the word of God. There are several statements Mr. Drummond makes, very much open to question. He says : ' There is no worse enemy to a living church than a propositional theology, with the latter controlling the former by traditional authority.' And again : ?' Infallibility always paralyses.' Is it not a good plan to work/nw truth ! Mr. Drummond seems to say it would be better all through life to work towards truth. But if we have the truth it is surely better to teach all we can of it to others rather than to ask them to find out all they can for themselves. As a matter of fact many won't do it. Near the conclusion of the chapter of which I have been speaking we find these words : ??? It is more necessary for us to be active than to be orthodox.' Active we certainly must be if we hope to do any good at all. And ? if in out work we always strive to b-* learning as we teach, and ever careful to urge others to do likewise, we may be enabled, by example and precept, to destroy some of the evils of Parasitism, which, as a system, is to be deeply deplored. ^'^--- ? V A 