AUSTRALIAN VERSE AND' FICTION. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. No. II. . Criticism in Australia would seom to be a thing of rapid growth and to havo in it some clement of spontaneity. Before I had actually scan my first article on Australian Vorso and Fiction in the columns of Saturday's paper, nn enthusiastic gentleman writes to oifor to me the amazing statement that I havo "got hold of the old idea that all Australian writers support the principles of the Imperial Federation League." I havo cortainly never thought so or said so, but have, as a matter of fact, said something very distinctly to the contrary. Another critic, a valuod personal friend this time, assuros mo that my allusion to the whisky and water clement which I thought I had dis covered will give offence to many. I hope not. It was not offensively intended, and it has been true of many great poets who unhappily have been too often less morally strong than intellectually splendid. The artistic tem- poramont undoubtedly predisposes its owner to oertain forms of self indulgence, and it would bo a little mournful to my mind if a man could not bo gently honest on that theme without being thought invidious and offensive. Mais qui s'excuse s'accuse, and it may bo wise to say no more upon this head. Yet a third critio writes to tell ma that I havo forgotten the name of J. Brunton Stephens, which is in itself a somewhat improbnblo assumption, and is hore and now to be dissipated. For mora quality of technique, for facility, finish, and indeed nearly all the qualities of workmanship, Brunton stands almost, if not actually, the highest nmongst Australian writers. In Convict Once ho has created a Btory essentially dramatic in conception, though he has choson to cast it into the form of a lyrio series and to crowd his work with distinctly morbid introspection. How fine his technique sometimes is, how nearly faultless, tho two following verses show very fairly : — Down in the vines he is Bitting, tho fruitage-leaf shadows above hira, Lending concomitant charm to tho ripeness that flushes his cheek. There is the glory of summer about him ; I see him and love him. Asking not why. I but know that the strong one is come to tho weak. Down in tho vines he is sitting, and radiance leaf- softened and golden On the broad calm of his brow through the veil of the vintage is shed. . Blest be each bough that enshrines him 1 Hence forth I am ever beholden Unto tho slonderest, tenderest leaflet that shelters his head. Tho old Greok measure is not one which willingly renders itself to musio in the English tongue, and it certainly is not Mr. Brunton Stephens's fault if these verses seem to carry with them something of an echo of Longfellow's Evangeline. That is altogether a question of metre, and Longfellow happened to be tho first among writers in English who made this metro popular. Tho workmanship hore, as I have already said, is almost faultless, but I think that I shall never again hear the word " concomitant " after familiarising myself with this verso without a senso of strangeness and discomfort. I will not go so far as to say that no finished artist in words could by any chance have got it where it Btands, but I must declare that it comes with something of a shock and a surprise. It is even curiously cacophonous, and in a passage otherwise so graceful is all tho more remarkable. A habit the same writer has of using the word " quiet " as if it were a monosyllable is again a sliock to the sensitive ear. The poet may justify himself by an appeal to Tennyson, who in his In Memoriam uses over and over again the yet more marked dissyllable "spirit," in tho same way, but Tennyson i3 a very complete word master, and in ono line in that immortal poem- Spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost : he shows that he recognises the full metrical and musical value of the word, and thereby sets tho careful critio thinking that ho - has a special double service for it. This fineness of oritioism may look a little unworthy, but after all the pleasure imparted by verso depends so largely an the mere nbsenoo of painful impression lhat in reviewing any but tho very greatest works this trivial criticism is not out of placo. The giants mako their own forms, their own rides and laws. They do less what thoy will than what they must, and they express themselves undor a sort of regal compul sion, after tho manner of their own nature. Tho exousa does not avail with smallor men, and where wo forgive obscurity and harshness of expression to Browning or ovorlook Words worth's remarkable lapses into childishness, wo do so by virtue of tho counterbalancing value of their work. It is undeniable that Mr. Brunton Stephens is a poet, but he lacks clarity and simplicity. Take, for example, a vorso in which he describes tho outward signs of tho first dawn . of love in a virgin heart : — Beautiful sequence of vermeil suffusions and paleness unbidden, Dream-lustred eyes tliat look inward on something to others unsoen, Reveries sudden and maidenly langor and sighs but half hidden, Pensive reserve over-drooping the virginal graco of her mion. Now, I will not say that this is not well done, but surely it is overweighted with words of a, trying and unfamiliar aspeot. When tho same writer chooses ho can bo Blmplo and direct, as witness his poem, Tho Dominion of Australia — A Forecast. Ho has been speaking of tho sub- torranoan streams which run below tho arid wastes of Central Australia, and ha closes with this strong and manly verse : — So flows boneath our good and ill A viowless stream of common will, A gathering forco, a present might, That from its silent depths of gloom At Wisdom's voice shall leap to light And hido our barren feuds in bloom, fill all our sundering linos with love o'ergrown, Our bounds shall bo the girdling seas alone. Mr. Brunton Stephens proves hero beyond all cavil that ho can say what he wants to say in simple, natural and unaffected words. Contrast the direot simplicity and forae of tho liucs last quoted with the wilfully obsoured and pedantio expressions of tho othors, and observe how much is gainod by tbo use of simple words and phrases which oan be understood at a glanco. Mr. Brunton Stephens is a humorist as well as a poet, and is at times extremely felicitous, as, for instance, in tho familiar couplet in whioh he describes tho Other Chinee Cook : — lie was lazy, ho was choeky, ho was dirty, he was sly ; But ho had a single virtue, and its naino was rabbit pie. Some passages in the Address To a Blnck Gin arc strong in humor, though the vory nature of tho theme, as I suppose, makes them queer reading for ovor fastidious people :— Thy rugged skin is hideous with tatooing And legible with hieroglyphic wooing, Sweet things in art of some Uorce lover's doing. For thou some lover hast, 1 bet a guinea ; Some partner in thy fetid Ignominy, Tho ruison d'itre at this picaniuny. And is ho amorously sympathetic A iid doth he kiss thee 7 . , . oh, my soul prophetic 1 Tho vory notion is a strong emetic I And doth he smooth thine hours with oily talking, And tako thee conjugally out a-walking, And crown thy transports with a tomahawking? I guess his love and anger are combined so ; Ills passion on thy shoulders are defined so ; His passages of love aru " underlined " so. This is exoellent in its way, and has a oertain wilful, humorous savagery in it whioh reminds one of Thomas Hood in somo of his moods. There is the same characteristic noto in " Now Chum and Old Monarch," which is capital, but too long for quotation hore. Mr. Stophons is very Australian in the selection of bis themes ; he finds his inspiration in tho things that lio about him, which is always a sign of native veracity in a mnnof letters, and he needs nothing but a resolute effort after the formation of a clear and simple stylo to enable him to take ono of the highest and most honorable places amongst the pioneers of Australian poetry. Tho late Marcos Clarke had a pretty turn for Batire and for literary mimicry. 'Ho has left behind him two samples of this gift in his imitations of. Kondall and Lindsay Gordon, and in each he has caught tho essential . tono of tho person imitated, though the exaggeration of peculiarity strikes ono as being a little meroiless. Tho jolly, swaggoring, sun-browned stockrider to whom Gordon pre sents us is a cavalier-trooper in disguise. The gentleman of tho timo of the Stunrts meets the desert-daring' advouturor of Victorian ages in his verse. Tho two fraternise and bccomo in corporate, and in "Mark Clancy s Leap " Clarke has very wittily seized on this distinguishing characteristic of his contemporary. Ono thinks of Gordon as being born out of his time. Ho should have fought at Naseby or at Worcester's crowning fight, but being pitchforked by fate and his own adventurous spirit into tho wild life of young Australia ho took kindly to it, as might havo been expectod of him. Through all his pages thoro breathes that spirit of reckless daring, that glow of romance, whioh dis- invulshed ihe Royalists of King Charles's day. h In my own mind I figure him, booted and' spurred, scarlet-coated, with long lovelocks floating in tho breeze. That image of the man may be absurdly inadequate or unlike, but all the same, it will stand, if not for the actual fleshly Lindsay Gordon, for the ideal and yet real man depicted in his own pages. Poor Gordon — it comes natural to say poor Gordon when speaking of him — was an adventurous and robust-bodied pessimist, full of the romnnce of another ago than ours. He is, I think, the ono figuro in tbo history of Australian Letters, so far that one looks at with the most complex and con tradictory, nnd yet the most interested sym pathy. More than anybody elso he represents in conjunction tho opposing elements of his time. Tho romantic, chivalrous old world man comes out to do battle, not with an opposing idea, which ho can. liato passionately and intensely, and so gain strength from it as mon do from all sovereign passions, but with the dull slow yielding forces of old nature. These, to a man of his romantic mould, offered no lasting incontivo to effort. Ho would have fought the active enemy until ho dropped, but tho inertia of tho forces he was doomed to op pose oppressed him and overwhelmed him early. The world will not forget him for a while. Zola's theory about the necessity of temperamental work was never better illustrated than by his literary careor. Gordon, though ho was full of echoes so far as mere stylo is concornod, was yet him self and no other. He expressed his own moods, spoke his own thoughts, fed on his own ex periences. Ho could feel aoutoly the rush and swirl of life expressed in the lay of tho Loam- shiro Handicap, "How wo Beat tho Favorite." Fresh from the Sydney racing week, tho verses that follow seem to have a clearer and more She came to his quarter, anil on still I brought her, And up to his girth, to his breastplate she drew; A short prayer from Neville just reacliod me. " Tho Devil 1" Ho muttered— locked level the hurdles we flew. A hum of lioarso cheering, a denso crowd careering, All sights seen obscurely, all shouts vaguely heard. "Tho green wins." "The crimson." The multitude swims on, And flguros aro blended and features are blurred. The horso is her master 1 " Tbo green forges past her!" "The Clown will outlast her!" "Tho Clown wins 1 " " Tho Clown ! " Tho white railing races with all tho white facos, Tho chestnut outpaces, outstretches the brown. On still past the gateway, she strains in the straight way, She struggles I "The Clown by a short neck at most." Ho swerves ; tho green scourges ; the stand rocks and surges, And flashes and verges and flits the white post. Aye, so ends the tussle— I knew the tan muzzle Was first, though the ring uiun were yelling " dead heat 1" A nose I could swear by, but Clarke said ''tho mare by A short head." And that's how the favorite was beat. This, I say, this rush and swirl of excitement Gordon could feel intensely, but ho could yet write — Is there ought worth losing or keeping? The bitters or sweets men quaff? The sowing or doubtful reaping? The harvest of gain or chaff? Or squandering days or reaping, Or waking seasons or sleeping, The laughter that dries the weeping, . Or tho weeping that drowns the laugh t For joys wax dim and woes deaden. We forget the sorrowful biers And the garlands glad that have fled in The merciful march of years j And tho sunny skies and the leaden, And the faces that pale or redden. And the smiles that lovers are wed in, Who are born and buried in tears. There is no doubt tbat be felt and meant them both, and between them they carry with tliem something of that fatal air which distin guishes tbo works of Lord Byron, a far greater poet obviously, but a man very muoh of the same mood with Gordon. They both quaffed the cup of pleasure somewhat too eagerly, and eaoh finds a luxury in tho contemplation of bis own troubles and perplexities. Valiant, dash ing, splendid at moments, and then despondent, bitter, cynical and hopeless, Bympathetio to sympathetic people in almost any mood, but after all, not of tho stuff which makes strong men. Of course wo are not talking of ideally por- fect poets hero. Tho great poet is a man who looks on all things calmly and justly, who is as self-balanced as any cold philosopher or states man, and whoso heart can yet glow over all the splendors of nature and of human naturo— a man of dynamic emotional power held under strict control. Tho poet must bo white hot in emotion and icy cold in self-judgment in tho same second of time, or he will achieve no perfect presentation of his own thought. No man of this calibro has as yot arisen in tho new land. Tho main characteristic as yot is that which distinguishes the raco of smaller poets everywhere, an emotional dash, an emo tional and sensuous rush of feeling, uncontrolled for tho most part by that strictly contem porary faculty of solf critioism which is ono of tho most necessary weapons in tho artist's armament. The root of the matter is un doubtedly in the poets of Australia, but they grow tho flower from it too hurriedly. There aro not many writers more essentially poetical in temperament, for example, than Henry Kendall, but ho wastes his strength on epithet, and sometimes exhibits a singular disregard for tho dignity of his own verse. I am quite aware that if I send the reader to that poem of Ken dall's entitled On a Cattle Traok, I am not sending him by any means to the best work of tho poet, but tho lines contained there servo as an apt illustration of my meaning. Tho writor hero knows porfeotly well what he wants to say, but misses it by pure hurry. You may spoil the most generous wine in the world if you deoant it in that way. Your priceless port or aged Burgundy is ruined if the dregs of the bottle aro allowed to find their way into tho glass. Where Kendall does control himself, nnd takos care that the stream of inspiration runs dear, he can bo vory fine indeed. Take ns an oxnmplo an excerpt from his lines on tho death of Marcus Olnrkc, who in the inomorial volume of tho latter is spoken of as his friend in heart and his brother in genius. I omit tiie third verso from my quotation, and tho judioious friends of Kondall will thank mo for it. It is only in that one verse that tho stream of thought runs turbid: — Tho night wind sobs on cliffs austere, Where gleams by fits tho wintry star : And in the wild dumb woods I hear A moaning harbor bar. The branch and leaf are very still ; But now tho great grave dark lias grown. The torront in the harsli senhill Sends forth a deeper tone. Hero, sitting by n dying flame, I cannot chouse but think in grief Of Harpur, whoso unhappy nanie Is as ail autumn leaf. And domed by purer breadths of blue, Afar from folds of forest dark, I seo the eyes that once I knew, The eyes of Marcus Clarke. Their clear bright beauty shines apace, But sunny drenms in shadows end ; Tho sods havo hid the faded face Of my heroic friend. Ho sleeps whore winds of evening pass, Whore water songs arc soft and low ; Upon his grave the tender grass Has not had time to grow. Except for tho unfortunate word "apnco"in tho lost vorso but one cited, which means abso lutely nothing and is an insult to the rest of the poem, it would not bo easy to beat this little passage for tenderness and delicacy of expres sion, except by a reference to tho works of the actual immortals. In its olass it is more than good — it is excellent. But the discerning reader cannot fail to see in that unhappy little word the crux of tho whole question of poetical expression. Tho same man who in prose will express himsolf with a guarded caution and exactitude, when allowed "to assail the bluo empyrean of poetry with a loaded pen " — as an old friend of mine once put it — will be guilty of a hundred extravagances of diction, and as long as he finds his rhyme and metro acournte will bo content with almost anything. And this, though it seoms an all but universal rule, is ratber a pity, for in pootry more than in prose — vastly more than in prose — a perfect accuracy of expression, a complete fitness of sense to sound and of word to meaning, is re quired. Tho best of verse is no more than noble prose clarified and Bet to music. I should bo loth to leave this study of Aus- , tralian verso, necessarily incomplete as its limits mako it, without oiting in full what strikes inc as tho most essentially poetic verses I have found in the Australian anthology. Tkero arc but 20 lines, nnd though there aro few of my readers hero who are likely to bo unacquainted with them, nobody, I fancy, will blamo mo for re-printing thorn. They express no great thought, impulse or emotion, but they exhale an odor of their own. Tho writer has felt n vaguo uncqrtaln charm — one of thoso fugitive and passing sentiments of tho soul with which every sensitivo man and woman is familiar— and lias for onco succeeded in cutohing tho tricksy spritO'uf fancy, or rather of sensation. The verso ..re Mr. Holdsworth's, and then- title is My Queen of Dreams. They do not mean much, ;but then they, were not intended 'to mean much. Tho own ray which falls across your path 1 in Bcented pine woods is charged with no especial message to your mind, though it may carry ono to something whicii lies behind the mind. Tho scent of a rose or the song of a bird, or the breath of an evening breeze, or the lost lines of fading color in a sunset cloud mean nothing in the logioal and instructive way, but have their finer meanings all tho samo : — In tho warm flushod heart of tho rose-rod west When the great sun quivoreil and died to-day You pulsed, O star, by yon pine- clad crest — And throbbed till the bright eve ashened gray— Whon I saw you swim By the shadowy rim Where the grey gum dips to the western plain. And you rayed delight As you winged your flight To tho mystic spheres where your Kinsmon reign I Oh star, dill you sec her? My queen of dreams, Was it you that glimmered the night wo strayed A month ago by these scented streams ? Half checked by the litter the musk buds made? Did you sleep or wake ? All, for love's sweet sake (Though tho world should fail and tho soft stars wane I) I shall dream dolight Till our souls take flight To tho mystic spheres where your kinsmen reign. I havo already said my say about Australian fiction. And although day by day and hour by hour voices reach me which aro not audible to English cars across tho sea, I have to confess that I do not bear any distinctive noto, beyond thoso I havo already' sig nalled. Tho conditions of literature on this side of tho world aro, and for many a year must be, unfavorable. Tho laws of supply and demand rulo inexorably even those children of fancy who write novels and poems in tbo way of business. The great newspapers out hero can offor to tho wido circle of their readers the best works of living English writers, and at present the only publishing centre is to be found in London. Tho Australian man or woman of genius who would find a marker must find it there. In long years to eomo it may be and must bo otherwise. I should nevor havo touched this thomo at ail if I had not seen one patent fact staring me iu tho face from tho beginning. The future of Australian lettors to my mind is clear. I pointed out a week ago tbat American writers of fiction seek an old-world background for their stories. Their propinquity to Europe encourages thorn to work in that direction, but hero wo are half the diameter of tbo world away, and in spito of tho increasing facilities of communication tho Australian writer will recognise a wholesome compulsion to livo amongst his own pcoplo. His very distnnco from the rest of tho world will holp to keep him in touch with tho affairs that lio nt his own doorstop. "That is host whioh lioth nearest." Thoro aro Bocial problems to be solved here, there aro political problems, as exigent as any tlio old world lias known. Thero aro considerations which havo long pressed upon us nt home which, though as yet they only dimly menace tho Australian future, will have to bo facod in timo. It is beyond dispute that somo change, what ever it may prove to be, will tako placo in tho national character. Your novelists and poets will analyse the changes as they come. Your literaturo by tho very forco of your distance from the old world sources of inspiration will becomo more and moro characteristic of your own conditions, and in tho realms of fiction nnd of art at least tho cry of Australia for tho Australians must bo satisfied. I do not scruplo to say that nowhere elso in tho English- speaking world are local influences working so rapidly upon tho English oliarnotor as they are hero. It will be long before the influence of tho European model censes to mnko its impress felt. And, since I for one believe that thero is no model purer nnd moro majestic in the world, I pray that it may be long indeed. But nobody, who looks thoughtfully at the literature of Australia can fail to notice that its authors choose to treat of the themes they know; that they handle, whether enforcedly or by preference, the characters nnd tile scenes that lio actually about thom. Tho fact alone is prophotio of a literaturo distinctly local. "Wo speak for the moment of a "local" characteristic as applied to a continent as big as Europe or thereabouts, and the most daring man cannot venture to pro phesy for moro than tho immediate future. I remember tbat I onco asked my dear anil now departed friond, Richard Proctor, for what period of years astronomers supposed, tho world would bo habitable for the races of men who now exist upon it. By way of an approximate estimato ho answered that we had some 50,000,000 or 60,000,000 years in all pro bability before us. That will last more than our time, nnd there are changes beyond, of whioh the most inspired intelligence dare not even dream. In tho meantime it is comforting to a man who loves his country, nnd believes in it, to think that the latest of her offshoots, one day. perhaps to bo tho greatest, is following tho noblest of tho arts in the spirit of tho motherland, keeping it clean and wholo- some and honest and English, even while it diverges into new and local forms. 