FRE)1 : AT LAASTI CHAPTER XXIX. NEVA STILL DEFIANT. 'Let me die here" said Neva, her sweet young voice rising to a wail. ' Oh, men, have you no pity for me t Can you not see that Craven Black is my enemy l Will you not'protect me, and set me free'l In the name of mercy ' Hear her !' said the sailor who had acted as captain of the yacht, speaking in an audible whisper, ' As mad as a March hare-and so young, too I' 'Clearly there was no help to be ex. pected from the sailors. Neva retreated to the turther corner, aq a helplqss mouse retreats to a corner of the trap, and Craven Black followed her, .There. was a brief struggle, and Neva was agairaý..aptive.ý, m'W e - titIe turns in c in her home.' said Craven Black; pinioning Neva's arms to her sides. ' It'll be a tough job up the steep mountain path, butlwe can do it.' ' It's no great task,' said one of the seamen. 'She can't weigh much. She's fell away since she came to Scot land, and she can't be heavier nor a child of ten.' Craven Black caught up the girl's light figure, and bore her from the cabin, the man following. He strode up the steep hill, holding Neva fiercely to his breast, and now and. then he looked down upon her still white face with an expression singularly made up of love and hatred. ' Neva,' he whispered. The young girl raised her eyes to his with such a look of loathing and- de testation that his love for her changed suddenly again to hatred. He knew in that moment that the guilty scheme he had just conceived, was.onlya vain fancy, and that Neva could never be induced under' any circumstances to I marry, him. ' I'm tired, captain.; he.said, abruptly. I' You can carry her.' I The captain took the helpless burden and went on,` Black keeping at his side. In this manner, taking turns in carry- 1 ing the young captive, the party re-* turned to the Wilderness. The mist was 'still.falling when they came'upon the plateau, but Mrs.Black stood out upon the. lawn, her head bare, her morning robe saturated with wet, and her face worn and haggard with anxiety. There were great dark circles under her hard black eyes, and her mouth was compressed, and there were deep lines about it that added ten years to her apparent age. What 4 she'had suffered that day from fear of exposure through her injured step daughter, her. fake declared, but she apprehen an 'terror.-7 : "h-_.a Behind Octavia upon the porch;.and comfortably wrapped in a waterproof cloak, stood Mrs Artress. Both had thus been watching nearly all the day for the 'return of the pursuers; and it was now three o'clock in the ofternoon, and the dusk was rapidly falling, ' They've come ! They've . cowe ! cried Octavia Black, hysterically. They are alone. No; they have got, the girl ! ' We are safe-safe . - She came running to meet her husband, who was now 'in advance of his men. Craven Black. briefly in formed his wife how and where he had found Neva; and at the porch he took the cautive in his arms, dismissing the three ien to the yacht.. He carried Neoa to her own room,.where Celeste was busy at -the moment, and he un. loased. the cord confining the girl's arms, setting her. free. 'There was a wood fire blazing on the hearth. -Neva, paying no heed 'to her enemies, crouched down before it. Leave her to herself,' said Craven' Black; ' Celeste, you may remain to dress,your young lady.--' I 'I will dress, myself,' interposed Neva in a low, weary voice. ' I wante to be alone.'" Celeste had better dress Octavia, exclaimed 'Mrs .Aitressi abruptly. Octavia has acted like some cowardly, frghtened child all day,:- Craven.. She has stood on the lawn bareheaded, in the mist, until she is wet to the skin, and has a fearful cold, .She is nearly ill. ' - ' 'I will have hot drinks prepared immediately,' -said Craven Black. 'Octavia, you must take a hot bath. Celeste, bring a hot bath to Miss Wynde.' He led the way from the room, the others following, dCelesteo: lo-ked Neia's door, putting the key in her pocket. Octavia went :to her own room, coughing dismally. * Do you bear that 2' demanded Mrs Artress, stopping Oraven Black in- the hall. 'Exercise has prevented any serious harm to Miss Wyndo from to day's exposure • but Octavia has taken a fearful cold. You'd better nurse her carefully. If you desire to get ten thousand a year more, don't throw away the four thousand you already have. Remember, if Octavia should die, you and I would be beggars.' 'What an infernal croaker you are I' said Black, angrily. ' [t isn't neces sary to twit me with my poverty. As to Octavia, if she's foolish enough to stand out in a chilling mist out of sheer cowardice, let her cure herself. ' I am cold and hungry, and I intend to take care of myself. He proceeded to do so, ministering to his own wants with assidulty. - The Frenchwoman brought in a hot bath to Neva, and a bowl of steaming hot whisky punch, then hastening away to attend upon her mistress, Neva took her bath, changed her wet gar ments for dry ones, drank her punch, and went to bed. A free perspiration was induced, and the fever that had threatened her subsided, her pulse beat evenly, and- her brain grew cool. She went to sleep, and did not awaken until late in the evening. When she opened her e?e, Mrs Artress was standing at her bedside feeling her pulse. 'How do you feel.7 demanded the woman, her ashen eyes surveying the girl insolently. 'I am quite well, only. tired 'Only tired I' echoed Mrs Artress. ' Onl tired, after, all the trouble you've made us to-day ? Octavia is downright ill. You won't get another opportunity to repeat your proceeding of this morning, my fine young lady. Celeste is with me, and here after we shall call upon you together. Octavia was foolish to come in here alone; but she did not know you so well this morning as she does now. We have brought you up a hot supper, by Craven's orders; but in the morning you go back to the bread and water diet, if you choose to remain obstinate.' Celeste was standing at the foot of the bed, and now wheeled forward a small table, on which were lighted candles and a tray of N?-.,eva staher `dinner; or -snupper, as.it might more properly be termed;' and con cealed the remnants of fowl in her. trunk. It was well she did so, for the next morning Celeste brought to her only a meagre s upply of bread and water. Her diet continued meagre in the extreme, no change being afforded her from bread. and water. Mrs Artress snd Celeste came to her once a day'with food, Craven Black remaining in the ante-room during their visit, as a guard :against another possible attempt at escape on the part ot the young captive. A week passed in this manner, before Octavia Black came again to :Nova's room. ' What have you to say to-day Nevi? asked Octavia, in a hoarse voice, ' Nothing,' said Neva calmly. ' You have put us to'.a terrible trouble; you have given?m6 a horriblocold and cough; and yet you sit here as obstinate as if you were a princess and we were your subjects. I Will nothing subdue your proud spirit ? Will nothing bend your haughty will ? Do-i you like bread and water and close confined ment so well that you prefer 'them to a mar- I riage with a handsonie young man who addres you?' . i 'I prefer this way of living to perjuring myself, madam,' said Neva, bravely. .'I 'prefer a brief imprisonment in this place to a lifetime of sorrow and repiuing. " t ` A brief imprisonment I' repeated Octavia. a ' It won't be so brief as you think. We are going:to remain here all the winter, if neces sary to subdue you. We have entered on a path from which there` is no turning back. The winters, I am told, are fearful in these' wild Highlands. 'e shall soon be shut in with snows and awful winds. Your lover can never trace you here ; and if he could, he irould not be able to reach the Wilderness in the dead of iwinter. We shall have a dismal winter- yon especially. What do you say, Neva ?' and her tone grew anxious. • 'Will you yield?' "• 'Never !' said ~ieva, quietly. 'I am no c child to be frightened by cold, and Tam not •c y ýi t" ,?.?.uxrsf ?ith' table as t? I die of old age before I will yield l' she added. Octavia Black's face darkened with an awful shadow. She dreaded the terrible Highland winter; and a strange terror, for whichl she could not account, held possession of her soul night and day. But, as she had said, she had entered on a path from which there was no taiining back. N'eva must yield sooner or later,!she saidto herself, evven if compelled to yield through physical weak ness. , Very well then,' said Mrs Black arising.' 'We will make preperations to spend thei winter heire. Craven will go 'to.Inverness in the yacht 'one day" this week, and purchase stores for our use during the 'cold season. If you. should' decide to' go to Inverness with him, as the promised bride of. Rufus Black; you have only to let me know before he sails.' I She went out, and locked the door, giving the' key to Celeste, who waited in the outer roosn. ] CHAPTEiR XXX. 3lOnE TROUBLE IN THIE ItIGiLAluDS. Upon the afternoon of -the same day ;on t which occurred the -interview between J Octavias Black and- Ne?a W'iynde, Lilly I Bird, attended by Mrs Peters, arrived at Inverness, having come up from' London by easy stages. It was a week after Neva's wild flight 1 amongthe mountains of Ross-shire h-but a fine thick rain, like that' through which Neva had so fruitleksly wandeied, was falling like adusky pall. There was no carriage in waiting to' con vey the travellers to their 'destina tion, and they entered a cab, and were conveyed to the Caledonian Hotel, where they passed the night. The next morning the mist was still fall .ing thickly, in a dreary, drizzling, listless fashion, as if it never intended to leave off. Lally looked out of her sitting-roomivindow into the gloomy Bteets, and said ' I fear it wasa foolishidefa' to omneto Scotland; and so far north, too, at this season. And yet wanted to come.' ' It was the beat thing we could do,' said Mrs Peters. ' You were just pining to death in that great London house, Miss Lally. SBut if we had remained there, I might have seen Rufus again, perhaps,' said the girl regretfully. ?How shocked he seemed to be at beholding me! He stared at meas at a ghost. I suppose he has long ago ceased to love me. He loves another now. And yet, Mrs Peters, for the sake of the dearold days when I wasjall tihe world to him, he might have followed me to the carriage-he might have traced us home. 'I told himthat you were a poorgoverness Miss,' said Peters, who had not informed her young mistress of Rufus Black's visit to Mount-street, having conceived a cordial dislike to Lally's young husband. 'Perhaps the young gentleman had to go back to his heiress that he is engaged to marry. Surely, Miss Lally, you wouldn't take him back, and he engaged to another lady ?' Lally Bird's brown cheek flushed, anid a sudden light leaped to her black eyes. 'Don't ask me, Petera,' she said, softly ' He was not somuch to blame as you think. Bis father forced him to givemeup. He is only a boy, Peters; and this is his birth day. Hel is twenty-one to-day. How hbe used to talkof his birthday, as i be were a lord, and expected to come into a property uponthis day. 'He waaweak and cowardly but you could see how he suffered, Peters, ho will marry this beautiful, and grand young lady, a baronet's daughter, and he'll go to court, and his bride willworship him; while I She paused, sighing heavily. ' He wrote that I am not his wife' she said, ' but if I am not his wife, [ shall never be the wife of any one else. I thought I was truly his wife, Peters, and I loved him as such, and a woman cannot unlove where she has loved with her whole soul. I shall consider myself in my own heart as the wife of Rufus so long as I live. His grand young bride cannot love him as I love him-my poor wronged boy !. He would have been true to me always if his father had let him alone.' Before Mrs Peters could reply there was a knock at the door, and Toppen, Lally's london footman, entered, his hdt in his hand. ' The Heather Hills carriage waits. Miss Wroat,' he announced respect. fuallJ;"-- The horses have been baited, and are fresh for the jcu?ney, We left the Hills yesterday, but broke down on the way, and did not get into Inverness until the evening, when we came to this hotel and found your name registered, and that you had retired for the night. The carriage has been put in repair, and we can leave at any hour it may pleass you.' ' We will go now,' said Lally. ' Have the luggage taken down, Toppen, We will follow.' She rung for the hotel bill, and paid it. The luggage was carried down, and Lally put on her wrappings and bonnet and veil. Mrs Peters also hastily attired herself, and they descended to the vehicle. The house at Heather Hills was old and picturesque, with a lofty tower that commanded a fine view of Moray Frith. In summer the house was' fanned with. the salt sea.breezes, making it a delightful retreat. Seen, however, through a Scotch mist upon a'day in late October. under a frown- ) ieg sky, and with the dreariness of. coming winter already apparent in the grounds, it was not so delightful. It, looked cold, wind-swept, and deserted., to Lally, as she lowered her window and look a survey of her domain. Around the house was a wide and fine' laiwn dotted with trees. There fere flower-gardens, and the usual ap panages to a fine country seat; but Lally's regards were fixed upon the mansion, which, wrapped in gray mist, seemed to its new owner one of the grandest as well as one of the loveliest houses she had ever seen. The carriage passed up the long wind ing drive and halted in the wide porch. Toppen sprang nimbly down from the box, threw off his mackintosh, and opened the coach door, assisting its oc cupants to alight. a !-:n.ohe.flun .open the house door, and led te way "up te "te p.,?5..s th, great .hall, while the carriage went around to the stables. In the wide hall the steward and his wife were waiting, to welcome the new owner of Heather Hills. The former was a hale, sandy-haired Scotchman, with a plain honest face. The latter was a broad..faced motherly Scotchwoman, who fell in love with the young mistress of the house at first sight. 'Miss Wroa',' said Peters, 'there are Mr and Mrs Lang, the steward and his wife.' Lally acknowledged the introduction with a gent.e courtesy that won the Sceotchman's heart. ' The house is all in order, miss," he said iespecttuily, There's a cook and a housemaid from Inverness, and new furniture has been put into your room, Miss ; and your sitting.-room has been newly furnished, as Mrs Peters ordered. If the house is not to your liking, anything can be changed as you wish.' ' I will show you up to your room, Miss,' said Mrs Lang, noticing Lally's pallor and evident weariness. ' inner will be on the table in an hour. Lally and Peters followed the steward's wife to the upper ball, and, to a large octagon chamber, fitted up with a crimson carpet, crimson-covered, chairs, and a cottage piano. A bright fire burned on the hearth, and an easy chair, in a white slip cover, was drawn up before it. 'How cozy and pleasant .' exclaimed Lally 'All is warmth and brightness in here; but I can look from my windows upon the wild sea, white with fury, and see the sails ! I shall never tire of this charming room and charm. ing prospect.' 'Your bedroom adjoins this room, iis Wresot,', said.:. Mrs Lang,. well pleased with Lnally's -praise. Mrs SPeter's room is next beyond, and opens into yours,' 'Do you live in the house, Mrs Lang I' asked .ally. Sqo, miss. We live at the cottage half a mile back, which you passed just before turning into the grounds. We have lived there twenty years. No other spot in the world seems solike home to us. If we had to leave it now, and Mrs Lang's voice trembled, 'I Sthink my old man would just fret him" Sself to death.' i 'You won't have to leave it,' said Lally, chearfutnlly. 'I do not istend that my aunt's old friends or faithful servants shall suffer through me I desire Mr Lsng to continue his steard , ship so long as he lives and I live. do . not know anything about the reve of this little estate; Mr Harris forgt to Smention it, perhaps, when he told me of this estate, the day after the funesl; bhut I am sure it cannot be in beer hands than those in which my at placed it.' Mrs "Lang looked relieved ??id gratified. e h ' The estate has yielded some the hundred a-year to Mrs Wroat, afr all salaries were paid/she exclaim - of it ir, but it h served as i i country seat in its day, and the grounds are very extensive and , beautiful. The house and outbuildings are in perfect repair. There is a pair S of carriage-horses, beside the work animals, and there are a fine lot of i sheep and cattle of the beFt breeds, I and they can be made a source of greater revenue if you are Ailling to go to some outlay for stock.' ' We will see to all that,' said Lally, I beginning to feel an interest in her new possession, 'I should like to talk to Mr Lang about it some day € I when he has leisure, I wish you and \- Mr Lang would remain to dinner with Sus.' The steward's wife accepted the invitation with delight, and went down to acquaint her husband ith his prospects for the future. When the young heiress of Heather Hills had changed her travelling dress, I she was ready for dinner. ';We will go down to our guests Peters,' she. How soon wil .0 yfQe oe 'MisLa d,d hesitatingly; Sit is not suita sh-ould dine with you. I am only your. maid, you know. i Mrs Wroat had me always dine with her, because otherwise she must have dined alone, and she liked company. Mr Lang is the younger son of a Scottish laird, and he might be t affronted to dine with me,' I 'But I insist,' said Lally. I j No, no. Miss Lally. When you , are alone I'll dine with you for com pany,' said Mrs Peters stoutly, ' but I ! assure you I would rather eat by myself when there's company. won't have anyone say that my young mistress doesn't know what is suitable to her station. If I could, I'd set you up on a pedestal above everybody else; indeed I would, Miss Lally. I would like to be housekeeper hers, and manage the servants, but I can't dine with' you when there's company.' 'You shall do as you please, Peters, said Lally. * You are my friend as i well as my maid-my only friend. Peters. If you don't like to dine with, company, you shall dine where you please. There, give me a kiss Peters, and I'll go down.' \ Peters gave the desired- kiss, w ith t many additional ones, and wiped: her c eyes as Lally went out, and mutter ed 'She is just the bonniest, sweetest young lady that ever lived. If that young gentleman comes up here to see I her, he'll go away with a fleain his ear -see if he don't 1' it Lally went down to her guests, and talked with them until the dinner bell rang, Mr Lang offered her his arm with quite the air of a man of fashion, giv'ip his wife his other arm, and the t tpee went in to dinner. - 'he dining-room was long and low, ?Jgh. two great fires and capacious n arthmandr"a seven wind?iý o?i gerlooking .the sea. It was bright ' Nith ruddy colours, and fine china, and gleaming silver, and the dinner upon the oval table was in keeping with the room. It was a feast fit for a princess, ' and had been ordered by Mrs Lan, with a view to presenting to the heiress I of Heather Hills as many varieties of birds, and 4ame, and fish off her estate as could be obtained. After dinner, Lally had a long busi ness conversation with Mr Lang, and repeated the promise she had already given the steward's wife. She ap. t pointed another interview with the steward for the following day, 'and a bout dusk the visitors took their leave. Lally spent the evening in playing upon her piano, in singing, and in Ithought. The next morning she walked over to the steward's cottage, and made a brief visit. The day was dark and gloomy, but it did not rain. In the' afternoon the steward came up to the great house to see Lally, and he re.~ mained until nearly dinner. At five o'clock Lally and Mrs Peters dined together in the dining-room overlook ing the sea, a dozen candles lighted and sending their bright gleams out over the troubled waters. 'You look better to-.night, Miss Lally,' said her faithful attendant. ' You will find new interests up in this region, and will find that you have something to live for yet.' Lally smiled sadly, but did not answer. They still lingered in the dining. room, Lally standing in the great oriel window and looking out upon the sea, which was being furiously beaten by the winds, when Mrs.Peters heard a the carriag porchb. - The good woman's face turned pale. She glanced at her young mistress, but Laliy heard no sound save the tumult of the winds and the waves' 'Its a wild night,' said the young' girl. 'I don't see a sail in the Firth. The boats have all made for the harbonr. It At that moment a double knock was heard upon the front door, and Mrs Peters heard the housemaid going t to the door. But Lally's face was pressed against i the cold glass, and she did not hear a the summons for admittance. e ' The wind is rising,' the girl said b with a shudder. 'I see- a steamer coming in. She'll make port just in Iy time. I would not like to be on the sea to-night.' n e Mrs Peters heard the front door t open. With a nervous glance at her young I r mistress, she stole out into the hall, as The front door was open, and a gust , of wind was sweeping through the bi hall like a hurricane. Upon the is threshold a man wearing a greatcoat ae and broad.brimmed artist's hat, a man with a slender figure and eager face, co was standing, talking with the house- m Mrs Peters recognized the un- B welcome guest as Rufus Black. tl ' I want to see Mrs Peters,' he was V saying, earnestly, ' Miss Wroat's comrn- tl panion. I have come up expressly Il fromn London to see her. I cannot go back to Inverness without seeing Mrs b Peters. She is my wife !' ' Lawks, sir !' said the housemaid, with a wild idea that her visitor was a 1s lunatic. The reader, who knows how 0 naturally Rufus Black's mistake had a arisen, will not wonder at it, I 'I must see her,' persisted Rufus, his voice trembling. ' Tell Mrs Peters I a gentleman wishes to see her.-' y At that moment Mrs Peters, grim I and terrible, resolving to protect her 1 young mistress from one she deemed unworthy of her, marched out into the C full glare of the hall lamp, and placing a her arms akimbo, and assuming her i most warlike aspect exclaimed-' 1 "Well, sir I and what may you want I of me air! I am Mrs Peters !' TIE DESPAIR OP LALLY AND RUFUS. At the grim and warlike announce ment of Mrs Peters's identity, delivered in Mrs Peters's grimmest and most warlike manner, Rufus Black recoiled involuntarily, his face ex pressing his utter amazement. He had felt confident that this angular and sour-visaged woman was Miss Wroat, and that his deserted young wife was in the woman's employ, under the assumed name of Mrs Peters. In his astonishment and disappointment, he stood pale and speechless. ' You may go down Mary,' said Mrs Peters to the housemaid. ' The gentle: man came to see me, you hear. The housemaid, being in awe of Mrs Peters, precipitately retired to. the servants'.hall. * And now, sir,' said Mrs 'Peters; in, i such a voice as she might have em.r ployed in uttering a challenge, 'what may you want with me. " Rufus Black, struggled to regain his self-control. 'There is some mistake,-he gasped. ' I-I remember you.. I saw you in the Regent-street picture-shop the t other day, with-with a young lady. I thought she called herself Mrs'Peters._ I am come to'see her.' ' Come in,' said • Mrs Peters, who I was in inward terror of Lally's appear. ° ance upon the scene, and who had made up her mind to prevent an interview between the young pair : at all costs. 'Come in, sir, and I'll hear what you.1 have to say.' t She conducted him to the library, i which was across the hall from the y drawing.roams. It was lighted b' a, pendant chandelier, in which were a y dozen wax candles, which burned with mellow light. A great circular bay, window took-up one sideaofthe apart- t 'meat, the oopposite, side containing. a t, great fireplace, in which a fire wiis burn- a ing. The angles on either side of the d chimney were fitted with tall bookcases; and one end of the room was also lined with rows of shelves well filled with books, and protected by plate-glass doors. At the opposite end of the room was a glazed garden door, open. ing upon the grassy terrace. This room already bid fair tobecome a favourite- resort of Lally,- She had ordered it to be warmed and lighted at I the same time with' the drawing room, and was likely to visit -it during the evening..", Mrs Peters locked the door, therefore, as she motioned Rufus to a seat. He 'declined the civility, however, t and remained standing, his hat in his hand. ' 'I reniember you very well now,' said Mrs Peters, pretending to. search her memory, 'now that you have men' tioned the picture.shop.' You are the young, gentleman who :annoyed the young lady with me . Yes, I res member you, What are you doing I here 1 Why have you followed us to Scotland ? Why have"you come to I Heather HillsT ' ' I have come, madam,' cried Rufus, white and and agitated, 'to see the t young lady who was in your company at Benson's the other day. It is im peritive that I should see her.' " 'I think not,' said Peters; gravely. I ' In the first'place, how can you be sure that the young lady is in this house ti ' I have traced her and you all the way from' London,' cried Rufus, 'I saw the card you gave to Benson, with the name upon it of ' Miss Wroat Mountstreet,' with the number. I went to Moint street twice, and the ats:.s:overed that you had left town, I hurried to thiEfitiffonT the Great Northern, and fouud that the express had gone. And then- ' 'And then t ,I went to my hotel. I had not money enough for such a trip as this,' I said Rufus frankly, 'and so I could I not come by the morning train. I had a to sell my watch, a recent present from my father, and as I had then all day I on my hands before I could start for a the north, I went to Mount-street n again. In one of the streets near, I y inquired at a shop about Miss Wroat, and there learned that she was an eccentric old lady-excuse me, madam, P but I received a very accurate descrip- tc tion of you. And so I knew that ni you were Miss Wroat and that Lally ' is Mrs Peters. I took the night train for Edinburgh, twenty-four hours later than yourself, I reached Inverness this afternoon, and discovered the names Miss Wroat and Mrs Peters ap registered at the Caledonian. A servant at the house told me that you Eo were at Heather Hills, and a cabman wi brought me here. I know that Lally go is in this house, madam, and I must seeher!l'. Mrs Peters smiled grimly as a full I comprehension of Rufus Black's m.ietake dawned upon her. She under- i itood readily that the shopman whom ao ..c ' ,o Rufus had interrogated had confounded the names of Mrs Wroat and Miss Wroat, and that Rufus very naturally thought her to be the 'eccentrio old lady' of whom he had heard. ' And so you don't believe that I am Mrs Peters I' she asked. ' No madam,' said Rufus, bluntly. ' ] have traced an elderly lady-your, self--and a young lady-Lally-all the way from London, and under the names of Miss Wroat and Mrs Peters. You are not Mrs Peters, and I demand, to see her.' 'You cannot see her,' said Mrs Peters stoutly. 'I have heard the young lady's story, and I shall protect her from the persecutions of a man who deserted her in the most cowardly fashion, and who, believing her to be dead, never made one movement to save her supposed remains from interment in a pauper's grave. You have no claim upon Miss Bird, Mr Rufus Black, you have yourself d'e* c.ared that she is not your wife.' 'Lally has told you all, cried Rufus," in a low, heartbroken voice. ' Not h for even she does not knw . all-the sleep ess the days of anguish. I've hated my. - self and despised myself. I have been on the point again and again of come mitting suicide. Her poor young face, as I have fancied it, mutilated and dead, has haunted me sleeping and waking. Heaven alone knows my anguish, my remorse. If Lally only knew all. 'She knows more than what you think,' said Mrs Peters, significantly. 'Howl: What! I do not under% stand I' ' Miss Bird has ashelter under this roof now, and while I live she shall never want a friend,' said Mrs' Peters, purposely confirming Rufus Black's impression' that|Lally was a dependent; ' Fut she has known such extremes of poverLy as would make you shudder. She left her lodgings in Brompton, turned out by an insolent landlady, having only the clothes she stood: in, She went out upon Waterloo-bridge, in her despair, to commit saicide. An unfortunate girl did commit suicide, springing from Lally's very side, and Lally's handkerchief fluttering after the poor lost creature, fixed upon her Lally's identity. Lally fled from the terrible scene, and that night she slept lupon Hampstead Heath, under the open'sky, with tramps and theives all around'her in the darkness, and she' knoiwing it not- homeless, houseless, and penniless- ' 'Oh, heaven !' cried. Rufus Black, in an uncontrollable agitation. ' You think it terrible for a girl so young and beautiful I Listen. Worse was to come. She went to a poor young seamstress she had known when teaching music in a school. This seamstress gave her shelter and protec. tion for a day or two, when, prompted ' bya desire., to look upon your. face . agaitn; herseltf .unseen, sho.2wadeed down into Kent,' 'Into Kent I Oh, my poor girl1' 'She was ragged and tattered, hungry and forlorn. She worked in the hop-gardens for food and sholter, She saw you--' Rufus uttered a cry of incredulity 'She did not see me,' he ejaculated; 'I.should have known her in any guise. I should have felt her nearness had she been on the opposite side o the street.' Mrs Peter's lip curled. 'You think so!' she. said dryly. SLet m'e tell you'that your wronged and deserted young wife was nearer to you than that, and yet you did not know it. Doyou remember a; certain September. evening, when you -sat beside the heiress of-Hawkhurst upon a wayside bank, in the shadow of 'Hawkhurst park1 In the thicket, almost within an arm's length of you, a poor, worn.out, ragged V tramp was lying-for a brief rest-a hungry, house less tramp, Mr Black-and that tramp was your disowned young wife. You passed on with your beautiful new love, in all her pride and her beauty, and the. old love rose up from her thorny bed, and crept after you like a shadowv; and when you turned to come down the avenue, she fled moaning. She wandered on for hours, and finally lay down under a wayside hedge. The next day she worked in the hop. gardens, and the next night she slept in a barn with the hop.Fickers,' many of whom were tramps a'd theives out of London for a holiday. She earned a little money, and went toOanterbury and advertised for a situation, which she obtained, 'As your companion, madam ness to my poor forsaken gil 1~I And she lived and suffered while I moturned her as dead. Oh, madam I can explain all that seems so strange to you and her. I never loved Miss Wynde aa s: loved Lally. 1 believed Lally dea and that I was her murderer. I wasi consumed with remorse and anguish. I was desperate and going to the bad, and I prayed Miss Wynde to save me. But I loved only Lally. I pray you to let me see her. She will believe me--' 'That is the very reason I shall not permit you to see her. bhe is getting to take an interest in life, and I will not have her growing peace disturbed. You are engaged to this heiress Rufus interrupted her. (to be continued.) 