AVANDEKINGS IN ASIA. By James CAjinrati. FROM SHANGHAI TO TUNG-CHOW. I wont on board the uteamor Wuchang at 11 o'clock ul night, us she was supposed to luavo Shanghai for Tiontsiu very early tho following morning. It was a night of sweet roflouLiou. The r.ittlo and clatter of a steam winch loading cargo, tho Hinds of tlio cargo itself us it was. dropped on the deck, and tho peculiar cries of the coolies—for without come curious sing-song no Asiatic seems to bo able to work—made a very Bedlam of sleep-murdering um3'*s. In tho j morning we steamed down the \Yoosuiig Uivor, | entered Dio broad estuary of tlio Yung-tsc* i Kiaug, and were soon in tho blue ocean north* wards bound. There are some parts of this J coast still so sivago or auti*foreign that it would 1 bo death to shin-wrecked mariners to bo cast upon them. Tho following day wo arrived^ at Cliefoo, the favourite watering-pliec in China for Europeans. It is the must charming coast town of any I saw, with some bold precipices on the other side of tho biy, ami numbers of very striking islands standing off some distance from the mainland. In the afternoon we rounded a precipitous) cape, mul were in the Gulf of Po-chMi, or Peo-ehoe-leo. Up io this time wo had had a fair weather passage, but during tho evening a cluuiRO took place, and botwoon U and 11 o’clock wo hud what I may term a storm squall. Tho wind suddenly rose into a gato, tlio water canio tumbling over the forepart of the ateamor until at length I thought wo were about to experi ence a typhoon. About 11 o’clock the tumult ceased as suddenly ns it hud begun, and in a short timo wo wore in comparatively smooth water again. The early morning 3aw us off tho Taku bar. Then 1 had a now experience. In all my steamer-travelling up to that timo—I had been accustomed to got into some harbour, or run alongside some pier, to discharge either pas* sengors or cargo, but on this occasion the steamer dropped anchor, and proceeded to un load about half her cargo mto barges, rolling, and tumbling about meanwhile, in order to so lighten hersolf as to be able to got over the bar. Iu about eight hours wo wore ready, and tho Wuchang wont ahead. In a mimito or two there came tho. curious grating sound wlneli proclaimed wo were on tho sand, and tho vessel seemed to shiver as she ploughed through it. Sometimes wo almost stopped, and then was great excitement on board, for that might mean our lying on tho bar for twenty-four hours; but he mighty nowor of steam was not to l>o denied, and slowly but surely wo pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared us if with a leap our steamer surmounted tho last ridge of sand, and we were in tho free water of thel’oi-ho lliver. Tho greater part of tho gulf of Po-chi-li is extremely shallow towuids tho shore, and slopes so gently that as tho captain stated it, “ You might put on a full head of steam, lot I every man go to sleep,and tlio vessel would run on shore so gradually that none of them would be awakened by it.” # Perhaps there’s a little trifle of imagination in that statement, but (ho real meaning of it is that running ashoro would mean no danger, except in a storm. Once on the pei-ho a few minutes brought us opposite the famous Taku Forts. These aro said to be im mensely strong now, but the impression left on my mind was that they are still very Chinese. Nevertheless, I take it tho days of French and British (loots sailing up tho Peiho to land troops for tho attack of Pekin aro past and gone. Tlio bar nt tho entrance will stop tlio ironclads, and modem mines and torpedoes will effectually prevent another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first tho Pei-lio is broad and tolerably straight, but it would bD impossible to convoy to tho mind of tho reader tho character of tho stream as wo progressed onwards. To say it was twisted or tortuous is to use language conveying no adequate idea of tho extraordinary contortions of tho extraordinary Pei-ho. What thoso indmrubbor gentlemen who tie themselves into all sorts of amazing knots are among performers is this sinuous, simkv stream among rivers. There are also manifold sandbanks amt spits to bo avoided, and sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every timo a steamer goes up or down she either slices ofT a bit of one of the villages which crowd on tho batiks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies there, occasionally a couple of days at a timo, lashing and churning with her screw until she wriggles ofT somehow. Now and then a junk is cut down and has to be paid for, so that it can easily bo understood with what footings tho avorago captain regards the Pei-ho. Tlio troubles of tho soft-spokon navigators, however, came to an end, and at last wc reached Tient sin—one of tho dreariest places, I should imarine, in the Chinese emuiro. FJnt. in teresting—tno European part tame and common place, tho Chinese part unusually dirty and squalid—it is ouo of tho last places in China I would desire to live in. Yet—so wondorfully is tliis world full of compensations—they told me Tientsin is one of tlio liveliest places in tho north of China for “society,” especially during tho winter months, I hopo it is so, and that tlio good people tihoro aro not deluding themselves or thoir visitors. They dcservo many joys to make up for their most unpictur eequo and dreary town. About a fortnight before I arrived there had \ boon great excitement among the Chinese on account of some ridiculous story being circu lated about tho French missionaries having kid napped a child, and it was-feared for a timo that there was a possibility of a renewal of tlio rioting which took place a few years ugo when tho Catholic Cathedral was destroyed and a number of priests and nuns murdered—an episode still known as tho Tientsin massacre. There was a very uncomfortable feeling existing in tho minds of tho Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly tho contagion of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to be groundless, but they wuro entirely natural. Tho ruins of tho Catholic cathedral stand at tho end of tho town—a grim memorial of tho past and a frowning reminder for the future. Tho people who have lived in these parts for years got to bo both careless and callous about these alurrns, and in a senso to lose their sense of duo proportion as to danger. Tho new arrival, Oil tho other hand, may think far too much of rumours and excitements, until, after a while, lie also gets case-hardened. It is well that it is bo, for otherwise lifo would bo intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should lie, in tho pos session of ono of tho ablest edited journals in China, tho Chinese Times. _ It is a small paper, but of groat literary merit, and performs the very useful function, among other things, of translating the contents of the Pekin olliciul journal in which are published tlio ordinances utid State papers of tho Government. I read with tho greatest interest the lucmorinl of Li-Hung-Chang, in which he set forth tho reasons why tho railway from Taku to Pekin ought to be constructed. Many wore given, but tho chief ono was tho necessity of u railway in j caso of war. Six months later on, I met a young English engineer going out to take part in tho : construction of tho line, and tho works were actually commenced.- Since then I saw tho works had boon stopped, and I have not seep yet whether they wore recommenced. But it matters little whether thoy have been stopped because of the triumph of the anti- foreign party, or from want of funds, or in deference to popular feelings or superstitions. ^ China cannot hold back, and will bo pushed on, if sho does not willingly walk on, in the ways of modem progress. It is curious to reflect upon, but tho chief obstacle to railways in China at presont is tho feeling of profound reverence for the ancestral graves. It helps me a little to understand tho China man’s frame of iniud on this subject when I remember my own horror Borno years ago at seeing ono of tho English railways running right through a churchyard. It ap peared to mo a frightful desecration, and with mo it was a mere sentiment, . How much stronger must it bo to the Chinese mind when it is not only a matter of sentiment but a mutter of religion. The average Chinaman regards the desecration of the graves of tho dead os something horrible in itself, and (which may bo even a stronger fouling) as certain to lot loose tho ghosts of the disturbed dead, who will wreak vengeance upon him. But I fancy modern ideas have made great way aiuoim tlio en lightened men at Pekin. Many of them have travelled in Europo, and have tasted tlio joys of first-class carriages, bo that it will bo sur prising if thev cannot find some ingenious theory to explain away the ghost di(lieuRy. Even such artless, high-minded, and Christian peoplo as wo aro have occasionally to hold a candle to his Satanic .majesty, und it will bo wonderful indeed if tho wily and heathen Chinee docs not bettor our example when necessity compels, Tho introduction of tlio telegraph was resisted at first on account of its supposed interference with tho Fung-shui— that singular superstition to which I referred in a previous paper—and when I was In Pekin news came that tho inhabitants of n portion of tho country about 700 miles south-west of Fokin hud opposed tho making of tho lino and tom down tlio poles. The Chinese Government sent troops into tho district, and argued the question in that convincing fashion. OJUeiul opposition to tho telegraph lias practically ceased, und there aro now 11,089 miles of lino throughout China, connecting tlio great cities with Pekin and tho coast. What makes tho opposition to tho railway from Tientsin to Pekin more remark able is that there already is a small lino from Polling tfid Taku to Tientsin, altogether about cightr-six miles. Tho grave difficulty must have been overcome in tins lino, for ull North China resembles a great gruve*yiml,: ami it will ha. only a matter of timo till tho same diflicut* ties arc ovcrcottm, not only in getting to Pekin, but in all tho grant province* of the empire. China will than, with mil wavs, steamers, milt tlm telegraph, have fnirly taken possession of tho material benefits of western civilisation and grafted .thorn bh to her own form of civilisation. AViU this result, ho. so gloriously beneficial as wo Europeans placidly assume 'i The Chinese Go vernment will hov stronger then to put down rebellions than over it has been, for it will be able to soiul troops' wwiftiv to any point of disturbance. It will bo ublo to cope with famine hotter, anil so keep moro Chinamen alive. Tho task of colonisation will become easier in the spa rscly-poo plod pa its of tho empire, and so tho vast numbers of the prosent will be added to. If it is needed to move troops quickly to tho so aboard to defend the country against tho invading Hoots of Europe, that run then bn quickly done. In it word, rail way 8. will make China immensely powerful for defence, will thicken hnr already douse population, and make her much more* of a mciueo to other nations than she is .now. Early on a Monday morning I loft Tientsin for Pekin. Tho distance by road is eighty eight miles, and by tho Pei-ho Kivor and Tunjr cliow. IdO miles. There are throe ways of travelling — on horseback, by which tlm distance can bo covered in a couple of davs, though some claim to have done it in one day ; by cart taking two days, and by water said to take t wo and a half or throo days. 1 like a ride occasionally, not tod far, and not too hard. I dismissed, therefore, all thoughts of riding, and a moro glance at the spriiiglcss carts was sufficiently convincing to settle that question. I arranged for the Custom house ; boat, and duly started, having with mo a Chimxm 44 hov ” as guide, interpreter, and cook. “ Bov is tho generic term all over tho East for a servant, mul its ab surditv may be seen in tho fact that mV boy in India was nearly old enough*’ to bo my father, and this boy now accompanying me to Pekin stood over^3ft., and was without exception the liuest specimen, of Chinese manhood I over put iny eyes upon/ His virtues, however, ended with his physique, i but I will not pour out my grievances, as I regard details about guides us very small boor to chronicle. Much us I had boon impressed with tho river bouts and junks of other parks of China, all I had scon beforo seemed trivial, as compared with tho vast aggregation of junks at Tientsin. Tho junks from tho south, bringing tho rieo tributo, wore up in largo numbers, and tho result was a most remurkublu spectacle. For a distance, I should suppose, of hotwoeu two and three miles tho river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow passago between. ^ In the dis tance tlm long, twisting lino of musts gave a very singular effect. Wo poled and towed our way past tho junks by slow degrees, ami I admired tho skill tho men showod in trotting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. Tho junks woro lying somotimes six doop from the bank on the ono side and twelve deop on the other. Every kind and sample of junk was to bo scon; square-stemmed, high poopod, low-bcllied, ono mast, tivo masts—queer shaped naval monstrosities, in a word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond tlm junks, and were in tho’open wutorB of tho river. It was a notable experience, but I was destined to another almost equally notable. Tlm wind had boon getting up; but in tho shelter of tho junks wo had not folt it. Now th«t wo got out moro into tlm open, wo discovered a wlmlo gale of wind was blowing. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our tow-lines, and no further progress could bo made. Thou I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust storm in very truth. Tlm llerccst Melbourne brickiieldcr-that over blow is insignificant compared with the dense clouds of matter which blow along those Tientsin plains, accompanied by a bitter, piercing cold wind. Our boathouse lay to, and by bad luck right up against one of tlm worst gurbago heaps on tlm river. I am not much troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I dosed my windows, got a fire lighted, and made myself as comfortable us tho circumstances would permit, although tlm smells wore some times of great strength. Tlm gulo lasted all that afternoon and night, but in the early morning of ( next day wo got away.* I need not enter into details of tlm journey; suffico it to say that it took four days to get to Tung Chow, so much were we bothered with head winds and getting aground owing to ■ tlm shallowness of tlm river. Tho country as a I wholo seemed fertile; but there were sandy portions hero anil there of very ^ dosort-liko appearance. One of tho standing jokes of tlm journey was to sco tlm towlino break and tlm coolies^ who woro pullin^it^o^ promptly ^on joyouBly~nt tho spectacle; but, na tho rope broke frequently, tlm laughs were turn and* turn about. At last, as tho evening of tho fourth day was drawing on, tho nnmenso pagoda of tlm city of Tung Chow rose in sight, and in about a couple of hours wo were moored to tho bank among a large number of other house boats. It was anything but delectable company, and I had an unquiet night owing to tlw noises round about me. In tho morning I engaged a cart and started for Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by 