A FISHERMAN'S GHOST STORY. SAVED FROM THE GALLOWS." A correspondent of the Field narrates a story told in the smoking-room of Sunset Lodge, Perthshire, after a day's pike fishing in Glensunach Loch. "I have known of a fisherman being visited by a ghost," said Rose, one of the party, " and as I am an old man I should like the story to be preserved. I was living some fourteen miles from Worcester forty years ago, and was a keen fisherman. One day late in the season I had a good afternoon of trout fishing in the brook which ran three miles from my house, and on the way home in a very dark evening was drenched to the skin by a thunderstorm, in spite of my efforts to escape by sheltering here and there under sheds, hedges, and the like Six months afterwards I was disturbed in bed by a loud voice in my room, saying, 'Get up, and go to Worcester.' I started, rubbed my eyes, sat up, and listened, but heard nothing, and there was not a breath of air stirring out of doors. I went off' to sleep again, and was again speedily disturbed by the same cry. I now awoke my wife, and asked if she had heard anything. ' Certainly not, she replied, but she did not wonder 1 heard voices, after the indigestible dinner I had made. This was small comfort, and again the words sounded, this time louder than ever of my ear, 'Get ' up and go to Worcester.' I rose and struck a light; it was half-past a.m., and pitch dark, with much rain I could see The idea of descending, saddling the horse (for my groom lived at a distant cottage), and stilling to Worcester in such a deluge and with such darkness was not at all cheerful. But the same words sounded more imperatively than before at my ear, and, telling my wife I was going to Worcester for the day, I slipped on my clothes, let myself out, and began saddling a gray With some surprise I noted that, whereas she always strongly resented this process by leaping and kicking, on this particular morning she was perfectly quiet and tr retable. I rode along the to a k and mary chain of roads which surrounded Millington with ease, partly from knowing them perfectly, partly because no one was stirring, and towards dawn approached the Severn, now in full flood, where it was necessary for me to cross, if I did not care to go on by the windings of the river (a much longer road), to the city. Here I expected to spend half-an-hour bowling from the bank till the drowsy ferryman would be pleased to awake, and come over to take us across. Curiously enough, as I rode down the bank 1 espied him waiting. He touched his hat, and said A is right, sir ; I heard you shout- ing, and came over as quickly as I could.' Of course, I had never shouted ; but the rain and cold forbade my raising any question on the matter, and I thankfully got in, and was ferried across. I had about six miles to ride on the other side, and it was half-past 7 when I rode into Worcester, tired and hungry. However, I put up my beast, breakfasted, and, not knowing what to do, strolled out into the city. A ghostly summons had brought me there, but I had no further guidance, so one way seemed much the same was another. Noticing crowd pressing towards the Assize Courts, I fell in with them, and by dint of tipping and squeezing soon found myself listening to the end of a murder trial. The prisoner, one Llewellyn Morris, had just been found guilty, and as I entered the Judge called upon him to say anything he desired against sentence being pronounced upon him. The accused seemed familiar to me, and yet I could not recall where I had met him, He was a little man, and appeared, while a crowded court hung upon his fate with breathless anxiety, to be the least concerned of the assemblage. He answered the Judge respectfully, but carelessly enough, that he was entirely innocent of the murder, and was two or three miles away from the place where it was committed. He had a defence, " a hally boy" he heard it was called, but he could not produce his witness. He had no idea who his witness was, but on the night of the murder he had been fishing, and had walked a couple of miles on the road home, the thunder roared and the rain descended like a waterspout, with a gentleman whom he had met at the riverside. At length the storm was so fearful and the darkness so deep that they had both diverged from the road into a neighbouring churchyard, and taken refuge in its porch until, half-an-hour after, the tempest passed on. He had conversed that time with his neighbour, but had no notion who he was, or he would clear him, as that storm took place immediately after the old man had been murdered, and it would have been physically impossible for him to have stood in the porch unless he had been far- away from the scene of the murder at that time. As it was, however, having no clue to his witness, he was content to leave himself in his lordship's hands. At once I remembered that this was the very man who had stood with me in the church porch, and, rising amid much excitement, offered myself to the Judge as a witness for the accused. After being sworn, I wrote down at the Judge's request what we find talked of, and what answers the prisoner had made. Upon this the prisoner was examined, and the answers so tallied with what I had written down that the Judge delivered another address to the jury, and deleting their previous verdict, the jury unanimously and without a moment's hesitation acquitted him. We had talked as it happened, of a curious legend in a neighbouring lord's family, and the prisoner had given me some information about the spawning of trout which, as a fisherman, I had naturally remembered. Years afterwards a convict at Dartmoor Prison on his deathbed confessed that he alone was guilty of the murder for which my companion in the porch so narrowly escaped a conviction and so, you see, a ghost was of advantage for once, and let us hope, for the credit of fishermen, chose one of them to perform an act of justice in consequence of his gentle, amiable, and kindly disposition." 