HIDDEN IN MY HEART. £ /lui Rights Reserved. By-'.' DORA. RUSSELL, Author of Footprints nr the Snow,' ' The Broken Seal/ Ac., &c.; CHAPTER I. — THE FIRST MEETING. I shall begin this stray of my lite only a few weeks before the time when I reached my eighteenth birthday ; a few weeks before that -bright September ; morning wben something so dreadfal occurred that it changed me from a light-hearted girl (thongh with, some private troubles of my. own to contend with) to a woman burdened with a frightful secret ; to a woman ' who lifcd in n world shadowed by .'this secret, end who was afraid of. the feces of the men and women in it, lest any of them should share my guilty knowledge: ' ' But this dark, sad story need no longer be hidden in my heart It has passed away from my keeping, and I wish now the truth to be known-; .the real cause of my conduct, which toast have seemed so strange, to many who knew me, to be fully accounted for. To tell my past life rightly, I must describe my home. I lived -at'. "Erdly Manor House in Yorkshire with my father, and I was his only child. My father was the equirfe 6t jErdly.'nt his property waB, I believe, even in , my early days, heavily mortgaged, for he' Indulged in the expensive and, to him, almost ruinous -amusement 7 of rearing and betting on race-horses, and , this taste was shared and indulged. in also by. Mr. Orme, the vicar of the parish, and my father's near neighbour and friend. When I was a child I remember see ing these two, morning- after morning, go down to the' paddocks- to at;- the young horses exercised, and ! remember,' too, bow they scarcely -talked of any thing else but the beauty or excellence of this cult or the other. It was their passion, in fact, and I was quita as tonished while £ was-at school in tBros- sels to receive a letter from my father to tell me that 'Orine -bad- been fool enough to marry a handsome yguog wife and bring her home to Erdly, where/ I expect, he will find her very much in the way.' This ungallant description of his friend's marriage was quite characteristic of my father. He, poor man, was no admirer of our '-sex, designating them sometimes as ' fickle, unsatisfactory jades, who were always after some mischief or other.' I do nut remember my mother, who died when J was a baby,: therefore what his matrimonial experiences were I cannot tell. But they bad evidently been quite sufficient for him, for he taever even approached a second venture. But though I am . sure he must, have looked forward with much distaste to my return as a grown-np young lady, and to the trouble of taking me into society, he certainly did not show this. He was a kind, white-haired old man, and he met me in London and brought me down to tha North, and toldme 'Orrne's flighty wife" would take me -about wherever I wished to go. I felt naturally anxious to see this wife, and early the next morning - this wish was gratified, for .' Mrs. Orme-'- was announced, and when I went op to the drawing-room to receive her, a tall, handsome, dark-eyed woman, .who wap standing looking oat of the window, tnrned round and came forward, holding out her hand in welcome. How areyoui .she saw, in -a . clear sweet-toned voice. ' I heard you arrived last night at this most doll though pretty place.' ' I like Erdly,' I answered, for 1 was proud of my pretty , home and glad-to he back again and my own mistress into the bargain after the restraint of school, ' and I never findit-dall.' The handsome lady before me shrug ged her fine shoulders. - 'I wish I could say 'the ' same,' she said ; ' I find it detestably -dull, and 1 am glad you will be so near me — thongh, as a rule, you must know,' and she amlled and showed her whife teeth, '-J. don't care for girls.' 1 1 hope you will make me an excep tion then,' I said with a shy little laogb ; ' we aie such neighbWure, ttndiMr. Ojuio aud my father are such great friends.' 'Yes, they-ara-hnlping to -ruin --each - Other, it seema to me,' said Mrs. Ora, With another Kf-.tila nil frtrr li rttxrAVA.' Wfi can't help (hat Yes, -I an-ghd-to have you to talk to. Will? yjpu over and Innch with me fatdayT Thus our intimacy, began, nd .after this first meeting I constantlyaw H«jln Orme. The vicarage whs" not! fike minutes walk from -the MicSoritHOaiife, . and I was pleased and proud that Mrs. Orme had chosen me ' for -her -friend. The country ladies bored her, she con fided to me, with their domestic tattle and the histories of their babieAi' ; . : ; i ' I like to hear the mep frtijc-fi -their horses better than the details of measles and whooping-cough— at any rate,' ehe ' used to say. . 4 Yon wonder _ why I mar ried a parson,1 don't youT theonce added. ' Ah,my ' dear, - it '-wds for the best of reasons — I had no home, and my good Richard offered me one.' But ehe did notoletlherlgMd cRiCh- ard' know why rslie- -had married him. uue was aiwaya very guuuuavutw pleasant to him, 'and I am sure he loved her very dearly. Sometimes. X. aped, to think there was a sort of pity in Tier manner to him,-as-if she knew she really gave him bo .little. , He ;was much , -older than ehe was, for he had- beea-ker father's friend in his ' early days, when he had been a military, .chaplain ;'hnd Colonel Rosa, ben father, bad ion/his death-bed sent - for '(he vicar 'iofErilly and asked him to look after the wdlYare of Us unprotected daughter. It was tbusthat -Mr. "Orme did what my father and most,, qf jhia, fjjpds thought a very foolish thing. „ , He mar ried a handsome young '"woman and brought her down- to a quiet country vicarage, and Helen Orme, ®wnrew utterly weary -of her hpme,pnd having no one else ehe could conveniently con- fide in, did not hesitate to tell me her true opinion of Erdly. 1 1 thought I ahbulddike , the coflutry London,'" shesnd," with her charmin ; smile and in her frank way, ' but now . . ' !Sheidf»t>eainBl>fdittiat I «wd for, andm%h&1aB lndeed';shedid most people whom-she! tried to please. - I really loved-", tbei country, and Erdly was so beautiful. ' I sen my old home sQU in my., memory as I saw it ,lhen— the, grey- old,-, stone Manor -House- and the great trees - jthat etood down the green lane that led 'to It. It had belonged to our people for generations and generations, and in by gone days the Erdlys of Erdly had been rich, audthe oak carvings inthe wide, low old-faBhinned -hall were of great value, and. there was some tapestry on the walls of 'Which my father was very proud. But the t view from the front windows was what I tdokmoet delight in. The carriage drive was-at the back, and the gardens and the lawn in front, and then came a ha-ha wall -with a -deep, steep hill below, at therjCdQtxrf which etood tne beautiful rainsof-the ancient Abbey of Erdly, and beyond, 'this the river ran gargling past on its pebbly; bed. At the other side of the ruins the- green-uplands rose and spread, dotted -with trees, as far as tke-eya-conld reach. I loved this view, and the stillness, but Mrs. Orme was Weary of it, and declared she heard no beauty in the sound of the rippling water at our feet, when we used to take our books and sit lazily during the long bright summer afternoons by the river edge. But presently there was something else to be seen at Erdly "than the green hills aud the trees and the meadow-lands ' sweet with the new-mown hay. August came, mid the country houses around began to fill, and my father , had visitors, sporting men who bad come down for the shooting, and who liked to inspect my father's young horses, and Mrs. Orme grew quite lively and looked handsomer than ever, -bat did not seem to care so much for my society as she had done in what she called the 4 dull summer- time.' Our neighbour. Lord Este, who was a young man, had a large party staying at his place, and once or twice I saw a handsome fair-haired man ride past, when I happened to be at the back of the bouse, aud turn down-: the narrow lane leading to the vicarage. - I asked Mrs. Orme who it was, andahe answered with a sudden blush, - 4 1 suppose you mean Mr. Wffloughby,' she said. 4 £ used to see a good deal of him last year ; he is a friend of Lord Este.' This was the first time I heard Stephen Willoughby's name — a name destined to bring me such joy, such misery, that it would have been well for ms if it had never reached my ears ; and a few days later I was introduced to him aud the great tragedy of my life began. My father had sent me with a mes sage to the vicarage ; had sent me to ask Mr. Orme and his wife to dine -with as, as two men were coming ; and I went, as I often did, bare-headed, just - as .1 was sitting at home, and ran into- Mrs.- Orme's drawing-room, expecting tor-find her there alone, as Ihad dohe a hundred times before. But ehe was not alone. Standing be fore her as I entered the room was- the handsome man I had seen pass our place, and as T entered sherose withw " look of annoyance;, that I instantly de tected, passing quickly over her face. 4 Well, Laura ? she said. I gave my message, I am afraid, some what nervously, for I- was conscious that Mr. Willoughby was looking atme, and as I ended it he -spoke. 4 1 think I should know this young lady,' he said,, in a sweet-toned voice and with a pleasant smile, 4 for I know Mr. Erdlv very well — you are iris daugh ter, then? 4 Yes, this Is Miss Laura Erdly,' said Mrs. Orme, almost sharply, 4 and daring this dreary summer we have tried to amuse each other sometimes — bat I tbooght it would never end.' 4 Flattering to me 1' I said, with -a little laugh. 4 My dear, I don't mean to flatter you.. I was dying of dulness when you came, and you made it a Iittle more lively, "for it amused me to see you enjoy yourself. What do yon think, Willoughby ? (She enjoys hay-making, and strawberries and cream fill her innocent soul with perfect happiness.' ' And very good things too, said Mr. Willonghby, laughing. 4 1 also am not too old to enjoy them, Miss Erdly. Are there any left about here. Mrs. Orme Haycocks on -which to Hm- berrias&nd; cream — I declare, the very idea is .delightful.' (Vara V ahflWAWtJ Ifrn. Ormn> stthiHis of her pretty shrngs. ' It's » grossly exaggerated picture, 1 said"; 4 we -only once had strawberries, and cream in Hie havfield, and Fm oot going to deny I liked it It was a beau tiful day, and we had our-- hooks, - and what else -did we want ? 7 ' 4 It dld-not content .me,f said- Helen OnMf :ofid-she looked stpug at Mr." WUlpughby-with her dark ayes,-' and I noticed a little blridi tteal over his face. He was t he haqdomest man . I h®fl everted, x a brown sunburnt face, bright blue eyes and straight teatoro--a6a- curling hair, „ and. a , long,,, heavy,- feif moraajbfi- »TIe (had' fcaeOJUCdiie ai£n£ for k few "years, but had left the eefyicej as his fethr(ff9w!|iUdtighb)r,i ffes old and aping and wished to pave . his 4 By-the-bye, Miss . Erdly,' he ..said iretenSyv do.ybru kribw/tiam a «ort 'dousinbf'yours? - ' No, I did not know it,' I answered;' But jtrpaUyjis .«> my-moaier ras. a MIbb Hondas, and your mother was one of the Miirray-Dnndasses — a. cousin Fmyindthfer-sothat -mates ur, ' ll-l'fJmiSimnUf YwiigfaA- ' JiiPeediaeJy-; Etii verytoltevhfdahd; udhtaHkfltoaeteleaseteongrifthlsM me, Mrs. Orme.' .Ant.HelpBf J3rm» -jdiia# ful pleased. Ajlirae her stndeht 4afk eyehrbwa, r Mid we r'Andwheadyou-fiiid SlitrisiratT MiepMd>- r'-ii & '!-» -lii1!'"?': ; l;-ff ' v TlCuM Irtell3tusktaM.ri WUIougney, dooMngint-siml l.-ii'i ; -5 ut-'1 .Meaaseidd!' owiptl 4 Well, then, a man — Colonel Stanley, and jinembered that I was a relation, and toat -my father-had charged me to call on 'Mr. Erdly, whom I met several times down . here last year ; and my father also told 'me of the admiration he had once felt for handsome Miss Mjutray- Dnndas, who married Mr. Erdly my father marrying Margaret DundaB, her own cousin, about a year after Mrs. Erdlv'a marriage. So, yon see, it is a genuine stray, not patched up for the occasion, and I am very happy that it is so, and I hope my newly-found coosio will shake hands with ma' He crossed the room as he spoke, and held out his slender hand to me, and fixed his bright blue eyes upon my face, aud I Was conscious that I blushed. ' How abeord !' said Helen Orme, im patiently. 'Laura yon can tell your father that we shall dine with him,' ehe added, aud ITroew- as -she spoke that she wished me to gouaway. And 'I (lid. - go,-- but not before Mr. Willonghby had asked -permission to call upou me ; but when he offered to see me to the vicarage gate Mrs. Orme rose and said she would go with me also, and I parted With them thore. I looked back to make some laughing reply to a speech of Mr. . Willoughby's jast as I left the gate, and, I saw them standing together -on one of - the trim, old-fashioned' walks betwehn-its border of rose-trees, and the sunshine was fall ing on her beautiful dark hair and on hiscrisp light curls, and they .were both smiling, . and sometimes I see them thus in my dreams still CHAPTER n. — THE FIRST VISIT. When Mrs. Orme arrived to dine with us that evening she asked me almost at once what! ihoughtof Mr. Willoughby. ' I think be iswray. - good-looking,' I answered, and seeais'-verj nice.' 4 Oh, yea, Jhe is very good-looking,' she said, 4 but he's rather ; peculiar, you know ; for one thing, he -doesn't care forglrla 4 That's very sad. And you don't, either, you know you told me. I must only faae that you will bote. ' make an exception in my favour.' Helen gave a little laugh at-this, but it had not Ike usual sweet natural ring in it. 4 When did he say-he wonld call -here?' she asked. ' He" did not name any time — per haps lie mayn't come at all as, I unfor tunately happen to be a girl.' 4 Oh, I daresay he will ; I shall bring him some day,' But he did-uot wait lor'her to bring him. I was sitting -in the garden at the front of the house on the following afternoon when-a servant came out to tell me that Mr. Willoughby was in the drawiug-room, and when I went upstairs to receive him, he was standing at one of the windows looking at the view. ' How charming this is !' he. said, as he came forward, holding oat his hand ; ' this is really a lovely picture.' And he went back to the window as he spoke. 4 Yes, I never tire of it,' I answered, going to his side and looking also at the grey ruins below and the sunlit river and the green bills. 4 It is a qaiet place but I love Erdly.' — 1 '-And-you-iiavo— livedbere all your life? 4 All but three years when I was abroad at school ; before that I had a governess at home.' 4 You were sitting in the garden just now, were you ootl Shall we go there 1 It's a pity to stay in the house such a glorious day.' 4 Yes, come, and I will show you my flowers.' We went out together arid crossed the lawn, and walked backwards and forwards on the gravel walk, jnst- above the ha-ha wall It was a bright clear August day, and an indescribable feeling of joyous- ness seemed to fill my heart. It was the beginning of a new life to me — the mysterious dawn of a "fuller -existence than I bad koowD before. And he, too, looked happy and content, and presently proposed that we should go down the narrow stooe steps jutting"- out- of -the ha-ha, aud. thus reach the steep hill, at the foot of -which are the beautiful and romantic rains of Erdly Abbey. . We walked rouud the churchyard walls in which the abbey standB, but we did not care to go. nearer, as this would have necessitated applying to the old sexton who kept ike keys, and we neither of us.felt in the humonr to talk to him, or indeed to anyone bnt each other. At least, I know I did not Then we went along by the brawling rlvar anil anddonlv Mr lVtllanotilnr Stopped and glanced -up the hill at the vicarage shrubberies. / 4 Let us turn the other way,' he eaid, and to we retraced oar steps, going down the stream instead of op, until we found ourselves almost out of sight of Erdly. What did we talk of as we went f As other young people have talked before as, I suppose — the light, gay words our youth made foil of hopa At last, an - willingly, i said I most go home. 4 Bat I may see yon eain- sometimes, "may I -not? asked Mr. Willoughby. X answered with a blnsh andja langb. -I washnt "too glad,-'I know, to think I would see him ag»in, and we parted with '«l»'<infcra»nqdtDg thftt it WOllld 11 Ot 1)6 long before we met. Bnt, r strings 1 neither b ; : nor 1," thongh. we : both knew hep so wen, mentioned the name of Helen Orme! - . I wondered if he would call ,'-there 1 afmr-'fta loff-tna 7 'T am'' oaliam'ail'fiW +a1I that I went to the back of (he house and' "secretly watched him monnt his horse, and saw him look at his watch as he did' So, and then he tarried his horss's hesd 'and rode away back up the' green- lane that -led to Erdly: and not on to the vicarage gatsB, which were on the other side ,of -the Manor House. What made, me so glad when I saw him do this I Did I already understand.' that Helen Orme "cared too much for; thlh'handsoite 'gentleman, and was I al-: ready jealous of his attentions This «oull -ecarcejyhe, so soon, ;aj»d .yet the- . thought. picked me that he conld be new Helen and yet not try to - see - her.. 1 His totrilranori coold not be so very sreaU I thoaght, and I was prond also that aftei all he ftad cared to call upon 1 : 1'fewhim again two days after this fiiit' viat, for my -father invited Mm to"1 dinner. | ' Egta pndfsMeyrm.-coniingTto, dine said, 'and a lellow. called Wil- jopghVyi- hoaclalim8to be a : cousin ot yfmrmothfrplhoiigh. I .don't, xactly|; nee how! Botat all mmh luft' comh Whe iiu'yoit tolSite he bad called ; bnc things go out of my head somehow now. And, Laura, you .may as well ask Orme's wife to meet him ; they say he is a great friend of hers, and Orme will be awav, -for he's going to York to look after a mare that's to be sold there.' 4 I don't see why I should ask hor, father.' My father looked rather surprised. 4 Just as yon like, my dear,' he said, 'but I thought you and she were ' such great chums ? . 'Oh, we are very good friends, but as it's jnst party of men— ' ' Well, please yourself, my girl. Order a good dinner, and have' the man all to yourself.' And my father turned away with « little laugh! - And I did net -ask Helen . Orme. I wanted to show her that Mr. Willoughby would come to. dinner though there was only a girl at the head of the table to entertain him. And I pat on my nest gown and tried to look my best, and my father's three guests all seemed to enjoy themselves. i Lord Este was quite a young man, great on horses mid 'horse-racing, and Colonel Stauley also was devoted to the turf. But he made mouey on it, and -my father lost money. He was a tall, thin, gentlemanly-lookiog man of thirty- ifiveoreo, with deep- sunk,, scrutinizing eyes. He always" seemed to be weighing lyour words ; 4 weighing you in the bat- jance,' I said laughingly once to Mr. Wiilonghby about his friend ; but" Mr. , Willonghby liked him, and Lord Este.. liked him, bnt somehow I never did.- .The day was to come when I grew afraid of him, when I trembled before the glance of hiB cold unfathomable eyes; bnt -this was not -yet. He amused me, I remember, that night he dined at Erdly j be said' each keen catting things .with each an nnmovsd countenance. ! 4 Do yon ever go to hear, poor old Orme preach ? he asked of me at din ner. 4 Yes, every Sunday, I answered smil ing ; 4 even on" wet Subdays there is. no excuse, it is so near.' 4 1 wonder if he ever preaches to his handsome- wife ? said Colonel Stanley, and he looked at Mr. Willonghby as he spoka ' Do yon mean privately ? I said, with a little langh. i I believe he la veiy fond of her.' 'Nodonbt; and I'ahould say Mrs. Orme was a woman with strong capa bilities of loving, of which we may hope poor old Orme has some advantage.' 4 Come, old fellow, don't be spiteful,' cried Lord Este in his boyish good- natured way, ' Mrs. Orme is very hand some, aud old Orme can't expect her never to look at anyone except himself . I say, Erdly, abont that roan colt ? He changed the conversation, and a few minutes later I left the table, going from the dining-table out on the dewy lawn. It was a moonlight night, but weird and shadowy from the drifting clouds which were passing swiftly over the sky, while the wind stole through " -the trees aud shrubs with a fitful mourning songh. But the wild night seemed to suit my mood. I folt«xoi4fld,joyone. — I crossed the lawn and went down to my favonrite walk above the ha-ha wall at the end of the gronnds, and. there I paced, thinking of (Stephen Willoughby 1 How hand some he was, I thought, and his bright smiling bine eyes seemed to follow ma Why did that sneering Colonel Stanley insinuate things! It was . stupid of Helen Orriie, a married woman, to think of the admiration of yonng men, but My thoughts were interrupted. Cross ing the lawn I now perceived what might be a glowworm in the darkness, bnt the subtle scent told me what it really was. Some, man, smoking, was coming to wards me, and a minute later I recog nized who it was. 4 May I join yon ? said Mr. Willough by's voice. 4 And may I smoke ? I said ' Yes ' to both requests. I felt very glad he had coma ' I left the others enjoying Mr. Erdly's most excellent port,' he continued. 'I went first up to the drawing-room to seek- you, but found only an empty slmFe'-j'thtoTToDked out", of the win dow, and I saw what might have "been a ghost, but I guessed it was Miss Erdly's white gown.' ! J? \- S I thought!! ehould like a breath of fresh air. I did not expect anyone to leave the dining-room so -soon.' 4 1 wanted to talk- to you, you see. Wa ha<3 a n?M fm1f.Yinnmr ah fib a nfclifltr day, hadn't we 1 It was one of the sunny bits of life that gets painted on one's memory— at least, it Seemed .so to; me. It's -very cool of me though to take - for granted -that yon, too, enjoyed our stroll by the river ? 4 1 did though.' 'Iam very glad to hear It 7 That means, I hope, teat we may go again ; that we may become the friends that I am sure we are meant to be? 4 1— I — Bhall be' very glad. 7 4 That little link of Mneinanship be tween us'is a sort of bond, isn't it t My mother, -fre "Jiney; jsqppjaoe, lovpd 77y our mbther' ih their ' girlhood, Und perhaps they kriow .now toat thHr jiildrjao1 Are taShiiig -twgeEtier: Perhaps they like -to eeo this— — ' . '"'-'j I laughed— a girl's gl ad' laugh. . 1 \- ' Fm getting sentimental, am JJP, said Mr. Willougfabj. 'D'ye7 know, it's riot ni « (new Viivfr !frAn malno ms Ain ' and- flha night and the moonlight ' And the ruined abbey andlhe whispering wind,' I said, gaily. We have all the necessary surroundings, Mr. Willonghby; weonly want atoageay, a secret, and the scene will be complete.' 4 We want -neither tragedy nor uwarsL We are yonng, and one of us handsome, — , : " WMcholtel ,! ; You- know veiy Jwdl, and I don't need? to toil jteu! " 80 yoa jare making meriy at my'expense,--aro yoa! NowC iiiat'smot fafr, ABss'Thdly. -But, hush 1 what is that? v .n ' Jt js romterie coiiing np tbe Utwof theha-hi, Isud,.nowalso pauri! te ; listen :; and thehexFinstant I sa|r by the mooalight,-a yrQman!s heed -appear. - Haltl'toid a -voice In a pretended tone of commarid.' VTt wtoEelsri Orme; ; 'arid r wm'fbVwaidto help her afpthe rf.nn . - -t.-- « Ha vet faghtetod CMmwQglu&e; fields 40a1 liate&dea; Erdlyr- 'Infoife-i-Hm.tte diearer -of a message. 4 Mr.'iHriflghbj7"had 7now stepped forward, and as she. recognised him; Helen Orme started back, and it might < be fancy, but 1 thought she grew pale. 'I hare been dining with Mr! Erdly,' said Mr. Willonghby, -as if he thought that being with me at this hoar required an explanation. 'I and Este and StaDley Ah ! here they are coming — yon will meet quite -a lot of old friends, Mrs. Orme.' 4 So it seems, she answered, arid when the other gentlemen joined us sbe was very bright and lively.- She gave her husband's message to my father, and then I saw her deliberately cross the path to where Mr. Willoughby stood." 4 Let us take a turn, - ehe ' said, 4 the . air gets -dully ;' and a moment , later these two walked'on along the dim path; and as they did so Colonel Stanley joiuedme. 4 Shall we go the opposite way,'- he- said 'and leave Mrs. Orme andWiilough- oy to admire the moonlight at their leisure ? And he gave, a low laugh. I felt angry at his'mauner, but I tried not to show thia 'And so,' he said deliberately turning ronnd and looking at me 4 you have grown np in this spot — like what -shall I say ? one of your own roBes !' 4 Why -do you liken me to a rose ? 4 Because you are fresh and fair — isn't that a pretty answer ! 'Very,' if I could believe it ! You don't even suggest anything about thorns.' ' 4 1 don't object to a few thorns ; a woman is insipid without a little oe-. casional sharpness.' 4 That is gdod news for me, as I am supposed to be a spoilt child, you know.'' Aud I laughed. ' I know what I would not allow you to do if you were my child.' 4 And what is that, Colonel Stanley? 4 Yon admire Mrs. Orme, I darosay— do you like her ? I hesitated a moment I was wonder ing if I really liked Helen Orme. 4 1 admire her, I said. So does Willonghby, seemingly. I don't I neither admire or approve of a married flirt I think she is not ex actly the person to be a young girl's frieud — and you must not be angty with me for candidly telling yon my opinion.' -I did not speak. I knew he had : no right to eay this, and yet I did not re sent his speech.- We met Mia. Orme and Mr. Willonghby a moment later face to face inthe walk, and she stopped. 4 Good-night, Laura,' she said, I am going home.' 4 Don't go yet ; come in and have some coffee.' 4 No, I am going now ; say good-night to Mr. Erdly and Lord Este for me — Mr Willoughby will see me home. Good-' night,. Colonel Stanley — unless you and Laura will come and see us gracefully decern! the steps of the ha-ha ? 'No, that would destroy the romance of the situation ; we shall believe in the grace without seeing it ; good-night, Mrs. Orme,' said Colonel Stanley. ' I will not say good-night, as I shall be back almost immediately,' said Mr. Willoughby, aud he looked at me as he spoke. 4 Come !' Helen spoke this single word quite . sharply, and Mr. Willoughby turned away with her, and Colonel Stanley and I were alone. 4 Let us go in,' I said quickly. I was afraid to hear his comments on Helen Orme's conduct; and silently we retarded to the hoose and went into the drawing-room to have coffee. We fonnd Lord Este there talking to my father, and he approached me as I entered.' 4 1 have been persuading Mr. Erdly,' he said, 4 to allow yrai to come and stay a few days-at Oreford. My sisters -are both coming to-morrow,' he added with- his boyish laugh, 4 or of course I dare not have asked yon.' 4 Bnt you are only a schoolgirl, Laura; as Fve been telling Este,' said my father. ' Lady Bagot and Mrs.' Bromhead won't thank him for bothering them with you.' . 4 1 am not a schoolgirl now, father; it's monthe since I left school. I should like tp.go to Oreford, Lord Este.' 4 That's awfully jolly ; some of the men are going to clear out before Madge and Joan arrive, as I can't have them there with such a houseful ; so will yon come on Friday 2 There will only be Bigot and Bromhead and Stanley and Willonghby thereby then.' I was -delighted to promise to go. Lord Este's place, "Oreford, was about seven pules frorn us- — a beautiful place, aF.htIii/iIi f-.lin vnn n o Irtnl lifld hnt lltillv come into possession, for he was only in his twenty-second year. And I liked Lord Este.- He was a bright good- tempered yonng man, full of life and en joyment, and he did :his best to make everyone around him happy also. I had | known his sisters when I waaayoung girl; before their marriages, and as far as I remembered them, they were very good- i naturedtoo. After ttris my visit was settled, arid my father asked me to sing to them, and Colonel Stanley was pleased to praise my voice very highly. He-stood beside me as I sang," arid! wished" he would go away. I was thinking rif Mr. Willongh- twjntiannJcriiig vhy . to diJ-llOt W turn. Then the gentlemen beganTfco play Tvhist, and the time seemed veiy long to me, I went to the window and lboked biitj hat still their was no sign of Mr; 1 Willonghby. At last - Colonel CIamIaw mba eFfari IrinlrlnW ut'fria (Vlfp.h winuliaj auqq otvui imiamg < ' A quarter to twelve,' he said ; ' come "Estp, send one of your people round to the vicarage to remind Willoughby of the flight of time ; we ought to be going —we are wearying Miss Erdly.' 'Best drive' round to the vicarage- gate ourselves,' said Este; 4 it's stupid of Willonghby.' Arid be laughed. Colonel Stanley laughed, tots aud then they 'bbth shook hands . with ' me and went away,' and presently I heard "their riog-cart drive from the -door,- - and XteritoyTathrir ciriiebaclri ' " 4 What a fool Grme'a wife's is!' he 8aid,'4 makiog all their tongues wag.' (Tdl>etontirmtd tri odrtuod. ) ' 