DIANA. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more pro* portioned tnan was this one. A combination of masculine strength and femiuine beauty —not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough bo bo wholly man. Her dress was half one and half the othor. A mane black slouch hat covered her head, and a man's black coat protected her shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stun 7 hid the rest of her down to tho ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and fiery and scornful as the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily liavo discovered in tho dilating nostrils, upninging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and ono human. She was Diana; thu horee'a iininc was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diasn. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thiug,and it was a certainty that no othor living thing loved either of them. Diana pulled the rom and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. Xuoy looked like a cbony-statued Centaur, liefore them the sun was setting—sinkiug, eliding down a little and a little into thu futhcruiost edge of tho plain. So su.jjy and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must sot it afire. Behind, them tho bluo, suow-liued wall of the Sierras reached up to the cloude. Tularo Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned In tho red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed Btruck by some sudden trausforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foet slowly to tho ground ; it took off its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into tho nest. A lizard scampered nwoy, ruatiing tlie dry grass with ita scaly lege, o squirrel vanished iuto its hole in tbe ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up.; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at tho Centaur as those of tho Cen taur starer 1 . into tbe west. For all other sign of animated existence on tbe plains these might have been all tbat in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread ite glow ; the glory in the west and the gray in tho cast touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver end crimson nnd opal and gold, tbat rose aud towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. Tbe halo of the sky slippad down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to tbe feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy bide, and stole into the face of the woman. The Bcorn, the defiance faded out of it, the bard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet tho glow of a dead day came out tbe glow of a dead heart. It touched ber eyes with . its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the purenesa of the virtue that bos chastened itself in tbo smelting furnace of sin. Tho Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak—tho only tree for miles around—stood near; a man, fallowed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no uoise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, nnd unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There wus an edd twitching of the muscles about hi? mouth, and aa he watched thu process of ifUJ?t'ormution in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any cunscioua volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diitun." Was it the reflection of tbe sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did suo hear? She touched tho rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the bplcudid, scornful, detUnt creatur-e, batiug humanity and smiting tbe earth with con temptuous feet. Tne mun with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, tnking an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the mime of " House." " Bee, Bill, will ye, looks like he waa walk in' home in the shadder of his colrin, aud Shop sneaks along like he'd been a-stualin' Bbeep." The man, to whom tbe words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other: " Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again, it's enough to make one think she's a gho?t haunting him tbe way he looks after he's seen ber," " Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' mc. " Stop—he'll hear you." The one wbo spode last got up and walked out at the back uoor to stop tbo talk of tbe other. " Well, I'll be golled; if I was as-thin skinned about other people's feelin's as somo people, I'd get mc a patent outside," mut tered Brassy. The cause of tbe remarks Beated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in tbe yard, took out bis pocketknife and com menced whittling. " Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking Bupper; "alluz whittles wbun he's got'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for beiu' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feel in's helps a fellow ont of lots of cookiu'. Who could ax a chap that looks like hu was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with tbo brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I'vo Been a ghost. Supper ready ?" " No, but I'vo got her oa a-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. He wa9 a very home-made philosophor, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of thc?oliloquy which he indulged in. " Knock mo down with a feather, if hutnnn nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which ever f orgits to feci the symptoms of approach in' meal time. But which ever side you git ou, grub's iv tbe middle, thereforo spliein' two and two, andmakin' it verau? a unknown quality which is grub, I lind by those figger in' tbat grub is the -syntax of life, an' the result of the calkcrluiiou is Brassy he* to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If ha bad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against thu wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristencd thus by by Biassy because of his slightucss of Btatuie and fustidious waya, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when hu should have said noth ing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong o ace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept ita bleating thousands on tnat territory of rango whose boundary line was marked by its vast loac?omaness. Hut in a climato where tbe squirrel, tho owl, and tbo rattle snake dwelt peacefully in tbe same abode, even these threu might har monise. Tbe moon was full, and tbe men Bat out side of the eabiu, two of the in taking tbeir nfter- suppor smoke. The mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill Bat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, aud Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged aud puffed at an old pipu, and watched Bill from under tbe rim of his hat. "Bill," aaid ho, " you ought to smoke; it'd be n mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good Btove-wood." Bill's only notice of the remark was to Bliift ends of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily nnd gave Brassy a warning glance; but no warning glanco ever could catch Bras?y's understand ing. He always maintained it was against his principles to take bints. " Yes, Biaokin' is the must continuous com fortin'amusement I know of ; nothin' likeit to put a man in good eperrits, unless it's puttin' good sperrit? ia a man; an' stove wood in thia country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It'a palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'Rabian steeds to tbe pore man. Course thoy got up in smoke, but they're hi? while they're goin'. If you're hungry, it's a sort of eoothinent to the placo 't'a achin' for victuals. If you're alone in a howlin 1 wilderness it'a wife, children, and lnuuds—tbey go tip in nmoae, too, uutyoia: have 'em while they're goin'; an it keeps tho female Beet from ha"ntin' a lonesome bache lor." . . He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward-Bill. Dainty puckered bis brows into a most speaking frown and asked, " Brassy, do you' know why you are not. like my old kinte i" "Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some .difference between Jpeople and old knives ; now, there's Bill ". Dainty jumped up nnd threw away hia' cigarette. "Boys," said he, '.'let's take the dogs over to tho river and'tree a.wild cat." , Brassy pocketed bis pipe immediately. " Bight, mc lord, I'm yourn when it's wild cats you talk.' An'if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed ; if he don't—— ' He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days tbey will end on the ilia of St. Helena.! " ? He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out- of-date song ia a must unmusical voice, and it might have been the melody that made.Bill start so suddenly that be overturned tbe stool on which he sat; it might have been the moonlight tbat made him pate. .Dainty hastened, to interpose, with the suggestion that if they .were going they had butter start, lie could not have told why he thought Brassy'B insinuating nonsense wo?ld give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; be was one of those peculiar uatnres that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew ' prowlihg about in the river bottom, trying to scare up " varmints," waa one of Brassy's weaknesses.- Beside, ttiuie were few diversions to break, the monotony of thesheep-herder?'existence, even though tuere were three of them, and they herded their own floeHs and rode their owu horst?, It baa buun said jocularly of sheep-herd ing, "It takea but three months to turn fhft strongest biain." Tlie Baying bad a good foundation, mora especially if tbe time weru summer. Think ot a human being, endowed with thu attri butes ot divinity, act down ou those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand uead of bleating Biieep—Bheep aro always bleating; day alter day to see thu sun rise, red and sultry, to Bhine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red aud sultry, nt eve. To hear, night after night, thu west wind—. alwaj-B tne west wind—blowing its dreary' music, and the howl of tbe prowling coyote, night after night the same sounds, day after day the name ucuncs, his companionship the lizzard aud the burned-toad—always follow* ing round and round that thousand head.of bleating sheep. The moon was high up in tbe sky when they reached the timber of tbe river, which was about three miles from tbeir camp. " Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehovf sorry I asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick aa we can. "Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you a'poaS could happen 1 Think Goaquiu Marietta er Three-lingered Jack'B a luxuriatin' in the abaiidera of the underbruab, scented our money-pocketa an' layin fur us, as it were?" Bill smiled at this, it was uo ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's dis gust. Tired out, they started home. " Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound I" eaid Dainty. All of tbem stopped and listened, but only for a moment. " Merciful God I" shouted Brassy, "run tot your lives, it's tho river overflowed 1" Tney sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many - stumblings. " If we could only get to the slough fust," p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down, with terriblo Bwiftnees upon them. Tho water from the river overtook them and lapped around tbeir feet and np to their waiats. It was useless now to try to reach the elcngh, impossible to croas it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it wus a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted bim into tbe forks of a large sapling, by tho side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst ol a - mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Be-. hind them was the terrible, Bwift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal Bnows ; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, Bometimes dipping them into th* chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when somo floating object lodged against it. Higher rose tho flood and Bwathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold —so cold clinging; and the night bo balmy and warm, and tbe moonlight so soft and so beautiful. " Purtners," said Brassy, " I reckon we'ra euchered this time." "Looks like it," responded Bill, " aud I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever ? Baw that was ready for rain. Course we'd hey to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easy death; but to be urownded like a parscl of treud squirrels disagrees with mc. 1 might 'a' knowed the?C hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast-- powders, 'd mult the snow an' bring down a Hood. Yes, I've lived nigh the river long, enough to be a-lookin' out far a thing liko tnis. An' I deserve n soakin' fer bein' so on thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded like a miserable squir'l." (to be continued) ? 