THK STORY. Chapter I.— One Christmas Eve. ' In the fork formed by the juuctton of the Coulburn with one of its branches lies the Mttle neglected township of Starr's Point. It isdying +Iia inovitAbic death of manv similar pioneer settlements that owe their origin to the dis covery of gold in the vicinity, their sudden though transient elevation to feverish prosperity to its abundance, and their decay to its dejiletion. Recentnew discoveries may prolong and temporarily revivify its miserable existence, but its fate is unalterable. It must die. Lack ing all the qualities favorable to prosperous settlement except one, and that liable to rapid exhaustion, it is doomed by the inexorable law of natural selection to extinction. There ore uumistakcable symptoms of dire disease in the many unoccupied tenements that feebly attempt to maintain their equilibrium in spite of starting planks and rotten piles; in the silence of the many batteries given over to moulder ing ruin, in the rakish pose of tiic dangerously dilapidated bridges that span the two streams, in the grass grown roadway, in the ominous quietness of the hotel bars, in the far away expression on the storekeeper's features as ho gazes pensively into space from his half closed doorway. The barren hills, neutral tinted and sombre, undiversificd by even the sligbest patch of bright color, wanting even the break in their monotonous tone that stretches of 4 rung" timber lcud, look despondent and worn out. Their hopelessly sterile features nro scarred and furrowed and disfigured by the long regular lines of races, and the longer irre gular Hues of pack-track, and the sharply indented lines of inclines and shoots, and by bare patches that suggest recent cutaneous eruption. They look ill treated and desolate, and with the similitude of tears and feeble entreaty furnished by the silent dripping springs and the wail of the wind as it stirs the pen dulous foliage, they seem to be lifting up their voices in feeble inarticulate remonstrance, and crying aloud to be left alone to fulfil their cheerless destiny of gloomy solitude. There is a story told somewhere of the belief of the people of Brandeuburg regarding the gigantic crayfish that dwells in the fathomless depths of their lake.: "When this huge creature shall rise to the surface and commence its backward motiou ashore, all things in Branden burg, animate and inanimate, will experience a retrograde movement ; the town will fall into decay ; adult animals will become suckliugs ; men will become boys ; bread will become wheat ; and so on, I suppose, until all things resolve themselves iuto their original elements. So retrogression has commenced to exercise its influence over the township and people of Starr's Point. Its way has been temporarily stopped at times, but the creature has now wholly emerged from the waters, and will continue its desolating progress almost unchecked. But five or six years ago, although the back ward inarcli had already begun, Starr's Point still possessed much of its old vitality. Nature had yielded up a further instalment of her hidden treasures. The Blazing Star reef and others, dividend paying and. apparently inex haustible, promised to be an effectual barrier against further retrograde progress. So at least thought the company that paid Tom M'Laren aud Peter Angus £3000 each .tor their lease. So thought Peter Angus when he invested in the Bird in Hand public house and store; and so thought Tom M4Laren when he commenced his course of feverish speculation that reduced him to the ownership of a bark hut and the necessity of fossicking in the creeks for a scanty livelihood. Aud so, ap parently, thought the assemblage of wages miners, and sluiccrs, and loamers,, and . fos sickers, and men of other occupations parasitic to mining that thronged the only thoroughfare that the Point boasted on the Christmas eve of 1880\. Mining humanity in many aspects was there. There were wages men who discussed sagely the prospectsof the working reefs, and who ventured with much confidence 011 forecasts as to future developments ; sluicors who, whether lucky or unlucky, knew where there was good gold to be got, and cxplaiued with more or less of ingenuity the circumstances clmt prevented them from taking it out ; loamers who talked largely about the lay of the country, and to their own satisfaction at least disposed of the vexed question as to whether tho Victoria was on the same line of reef as the Blazing Star ; and fossickers who conversed vaguely about good crevices and bits of dabs, but who seldom sold much gold, and remaiued in a state of chronio fmverty. And all, from the select party who lad yielded to the seductions of poker and nap ; in a snug parlor'at The Reefers', to MacLaren, the most unlucky of fossickers, who appeared to bo rooted to tho bar of Mother Maguire's shanty, scorned to be convinced of the appropriateness and expediency, not to say necessity, of imbibing more or less of whisky or other aulent liquors. Aud from this starting point proceeded a train of causation that may be frequently wit nessed at other convivial promiscuous gatherings. The consumption of whisky promotes rapid circulation of the blood, rapid circulation induces exaltation of spirits, and exalted . spirits sometimes lead their pos sessor iuto extravagances of action. They led Dubbo and half a dozen others to venture into realms of vocalism that nature had quite unfitted them for. They led Cockney Bill to remark, with a frequency and aggressiveness that seemed scarcely warranted, that lie was "a man of few words and peculiar kidney," aud further that he was 44 open for a round or -two for a pound or .two," at any moment ; and, most curious of all, they led Mounted-constable Muliony, by some unac countable cerebral process, to arrive at tho con clusion that it was necessary, iu order that tho majesty of the law might bo demonstrated, that he should "run some 0110 in." Having come to this determination lie took auother whisky, aud, thus fortified, sot out in quest of a victim. It so happened that at the same moment old Tom MacLareu had stayed out of liis favorite shanty, and was gazing with quite noticeable solemuity at the full inoon, uud being inoffensive and undemonstrative, and above all rather feeble, he was fixed upon by the zealous Mahony as a fitting sacrifice. Accordingly, having jostled him and told him sternly 41 not to do it again," lie gripped him roughly by tho shoulder and recommended him to get oif home. Bat as the offender said meekly 41 all right," and turned away, he very properly pulled him back, adroitly slipped a handcuff on him, and hauled him up to the barracks. Having accom plished this painful task, and tho slight clerical labor attendant thereon, Constable Mahony so far relaxed his Btern consciousness of duty as to stroll down to The Reefers' aud take a hand at poker in the back parlor. Now, it is a saddening reflection, but one that experience forces upon us, that drunken humanity exhibits at least as much of perver sity as human nature in sobriety. Constable Mahony Jiad observed with his usual keenness of discernment that tho lines of conduct pur- sued by drunken prisoners were limited, broadly, to two ; tlie offender cither dropped off, with more or less of expedition, inioprotound slumber, or ho endeavored to mako night hideous by profuse profanity diversified by occasional entreaty, and by furious but futile onslaughts on the log walls that stood between him and liberty. His latest capturo appeared to him to bo in no wise different from other 44 drunks." Mark Twain's astuto strangor, after critically examining the celebrated jumping frog, declared that ho saw 44 no pints about that frog different from other frogs," yofc ho took the precaution of heavily handicapping him in order to guard against a possible error of judgment, ju Poor Mahony, howovcr, knew absolutely nothing of tho frog of Calaveras. Had ho been inade cog nisant of its history this chroniclo had probably never been written. "When the wretched inebriate had been ttirust ungently into the blackness of the cell'lie had uttered one sharp, piercing scream, that was, however, lost on his gaoler in the clashiug of the iron-bound door. It was a cry of such mortal agony, with so much of bodily terror and mental anguish in it, that it frightened him who uttered it, aud drove him crouching and cowering and quivering into a corner, beating the air wildly with his hands as though driving off some horrid shape. A mouse, nibbling pluckily and persevcringly at au overlooked morsel of bread, was, for a moment, paralysed into inactivity by tho cry, and then discreetly and noiselessly withdrew. Safety could scarcely bo where such sounds issued. When the sudden paroxysm of fear had some what subsided MacLaren lay in the darkness and silence, panting, exhausted, the muscles of his face twitching nervously, his eyes glancing quickly and scrutlnisingly in all directions. I'crspiration trickled in streams from his face and head, his hands opened and closed con vulsively, his breath came quickly and shortly. There was a rushing, whirling sensation in his head, and the veins of his forehead and temple throbbed painfully and with lightning rapidity. He could feci all this, but he must watch and listen for the return of those murderous wretches he had seen and cried out against. He wondered if the constable would come back and let him out, or whether he had purposely locked him iu there to be at tho mercy of those devils. They had left him for a time, but lie knew they were only lying in wait to catch him off his guard. He could hear them whispering and muttering close at haud, but he could be as cunning as they. He would watch and listen well. A rose bush rustled against the wall. They .wore there. A twig from an adjacent gum fell noisily on the iron roof. They were planning an attack from above, but he would bo ready for them. With nervous quicknesshe drew a quartz specimen from his pocket and tied it firmly in a corner of the scarf he unfastened from his neck. He had a weapon now and he might beat them off. Not a moment too soon. There was one crawling in through the grating near the ceiling. Hah ! lie had missed liim, hut he had frightened him liack. He was now grinning, now glowering at him from belli nd the bars, but he daren't come in. Perhaps they were waiting till the constable should leave, and he listened. He could hear the clauk of the trooper's spurred heels on the iloor of the adjoining office, and then tiie opening and shutting and locking of the door. The sound of his retreating footsteps followed, and then silence. He had left him to battle with these assassins alone. Hush ! there were two voices whispering outside the door — one was Red Mick's, hg-knewLthe other he could not distinguish. What wero they talking about. He would steal softly nearer aud find out. But they had heard htm and were gone. What an awful stillness! They were trying to lull him into a sense of security and would then steal on liiin unawares. But he would not relax his watch one moment. Listen. They were mustering again for a fresh attack, uttering threatening yells and shrieks, and— Great God I what fearful tilings were these crawling under the door and through the grating above. Snakes and slimy gliding things, green aud yellow and black, wero covering the floor and walls, and ail with their wicked glittering eyes fixed on him with deadly intent. Ho was becoming fascinated : he could not move hand or toot. What terrible thing was this that held him so firmly and deprived him of all power to use a muscle. They were drawing nearer and ! nearer every moment. One was about to strike. With a superhuman effort ami the gesture of one who repulses a hideous danger lie had sprung to his feet, and they had gone. Constable Mahony nut down the (four aces with .the ill repressed smile of triumph that characterises tho gambling novice. He felt the sense of- relief, too, that is another attribute of the novice, in tiie knowledge that this had been distinctly agreed upon as the last game. Resisting, therefore, the specious pleadings of tiic "school"' he turned his faco where duty called and returned to .his quarters. Whether it was the unusual run of good luck he had experienced or the mellowing influence of much whisky that prompted him to pour out a stiff nobbier and walk with the slightest perceptible unsteadi ness of gait towards tho adjacent building whero his prisoner was confined, will probably ever remain a matter of doubt. Neither is what followed very clear. It happened, however, something in this wise. Inquiring in a somewhat husky voice — tho re sult possibly of tho . compassionate feel ings that possessed him — whether the inmate was awake, und receiving an affirmative reply, ho proceeded to unlock tho door, but having a lantern in one hand and tiie glass of spirits in tho other ho lmd to dispose of one, and accordingly lie placed the lantcrnon the ground. Opening the door ho entered. There was a flash of white before his eyes, he was conscious of a heavy blow on tho forehead, something dashed between his legs and he was sprawling on the floor. When ho collected his scattered senses the prisoner had flown. A primitive slung shot — a quartz specimen tied in the corner of a liandkerchict — alone remained to explain matters. Leaving tho victim of mistaken kinduess and misplaced confidence to scramble out of his pre dicament as best he may, let uh follow the poor terrified spirit that is fleeing from the illusions his disordered imagination has conjured up. lie is out now 011 tho hill side clear of the town ship, in the almost unbroken stillness of tho night A chill breeze stirs his dishevelled grey hairs, and gives temporary relief from the surg ing, rushing flow of blood that secins to burn into his brain. He is bareheaded and bootless, his face haggard and pale, the senses of sight and hearing strained to their utmost tension. Standing thcro in the soft moonlight, with fear and horror depicted on every lineament, his chest heaving and falling with excitement and liis recent exertions, his hands moving tremu lously, perspiration streaming down his face, he suggests to the imagination the appearance of one pausing iu his flight to the uttermost ends of the earth without finding a refugo from the wrath to come. The harsh, discordant voice of an opossum broke tho Bulcinn stillness, but did not startle him from his attitudo of listening expectancy. An owl hooted from a neighboring Bpur; tho weird, monotonous cry of a moj)oko roso from tho creek below, a pack of dingoes bayed the moon with melancholy howl on the heights above a wallaby, frightened by tlieir near proximity, broke through tho scrub closo at hand, and stood gazing in grotesauo terror and amazement at this possible now danger. But he did not stir. A limb of a great cucalypt fell with a crash on the smaller vegetation below. He turnod liis head quickly and then resumed his former attitude. Thcso were not tho things ho feared, thoy but disturbed his eacr watch. Hark, thoy are on his traok again. Ho can hear their furious yells as they rush up tho sidling iu his rear. His fearful scream as hopluugos headlong through the dense scrub aroused tho instinct of self preservation in the terrified marsupial, aud it hounded madly away ; the feathered creature stopped to listen to this unaccustomed voice of the night,' and the wild dogs relapsed into discreet silenco. And so through the long hours of the night, with brief intervals, compelled by exhaustion, tho poor tormonted creature fled from the creations of his brain. A gray dawn broke, the sun peeped over tho horizon and dispelled the sleepy vapors that seemed to rise unwillingly from (the gullies, and amidst the awakening to life and light of surrounding creation this poorest thing of them all fell pros trate to tho earth nature at Inst granting that merciful bluuting»of sensation that unconscious ness briugs. A .search party captured him at noon a dozen miles from tho Point. Long exposure to the burning rays of the sun had developed inflamma tion of the brain in its worst form. Hia coun tenance had become turgid, and a fierce expres sion had takeu the place of his former look of fear, liis eyes seemed to be starting from tlieir sockets, and he raved in ferocious delirium. Hundred Pound Joe, one time medical student, of Edinburgh, and now a fossicker of Starr's Point, promptly bled birn on the spot; and they carried him to his hut. Young Tom MTaren, summoned hastily from his solitary camp, arrived at midnight. Two volunteer watchmen sat smoking before tho lire, the fitful gleams from which alone illumined the rooms. The patient's intolerance of light forbado the use of a candle. A half emptied whisky bottle stood on tho packing case that served as a table; a pack of cards lay beside it. The two men had exhausted tho stock of reminiscences of similar occurrences, and their mental energy was in sufficient to unearth another topic. Euchre or poker witiiout tho 44 bits" to put down had become stale and flat and unprofitable. They occasionally applied themselves to the whisky bottle with ft spasmodic attempt at conviviality, and then relapsed into heavy listlcssncss. The dulling influence of the opiate administered to the sick man seemed to have communicated itself to them. As young M'Laren entered, Liverpool looked up ami nodded in recognition. His companion roused himself sufficiently to make room for the new comer beside him. 4 How is he? " asked Tom. Liverpool shook his head. 44 He's had 'em bad this time, Tommy. I wouldn't give much for his chance. He's bin lyin' there like as if lie was dead this hour an' more." Torn rose quietly, and putting aside the blankqt that was hung as a screen to protect the sufferer's eyes from the firelight, stood looking intently at the motionless form stretched on the rude bunk. The sleeper stirred uneasily and awoke. 44 Is that you, Tommy?/ 44 That's me, dad." . - 44 How long have you tieeri hc;;e? " 44 Just come." 1 v 44 Had any luck this tibia?" 44 Not the ghost of a show." There was silence for a few minutes, broken only by tiie ticking of tiie clock and occasional expectoration by the watchers at the fire. It was noticeable and characteristic of tho rela tions existing between the father and son that no allusion was made on either side to the im mediate cause of the present unhappy circum stances. Censure or sympathy as little sug gested themselves to the Hon as they were looked for by the father. To the younger it was only tho recurrence of a familiar 6cene. The cider accepted it as the natural result of an in dulgence he was not incliucd to forego. 44 Tommy," said the old man, presently, 44 where's them specimens ?" 44 AVhnt specimens ? " 44 Them I had in my shirt." Liverpool, appealed to, produced a handker chief, in which were tied some pieces of quartz. 44 Found 'cm iu his shirt when we muzzled him. He fought lileo a devil when we tried to tako 'em. Good looking stone, too," ho said in explanation. Tom examined them by tho light of a candle he lit for the purpose. 44 There's a fortune whero they come from, Tommy," resumed the old man when his son returned to the partial privacy given by the protecting blanket. 44 Where did you get them?" 44 On a spur on the left hand branch of the river. The reef's croppin' out 2 foot above the surface. I can't tell you rightly how far up tho crcck. Them devils wasn't troubling me at the time, but they hunted me soon after. You'll give it a trial, Tommy." "I'mgettingaboutfullupofthisgamc — working for wages and then spending what I make pros pecting, and never anything the bettor for it. I can't sec much ill it." "But this is a certainty, Tommy," said the old man eagerly. Then appealing cunningly to that article of faith that tho prospector holds in cominou with tho gambler, he added, 44 Your luck's bound to turu some day. Give it another year. " Still Tom hesitated. 44 It'll never be no good to me, Tommy," the spcakor contiuued, with such a changed weak utterance that tho listener turned quickly in surprise and alarm. 44 I'm played out this time. Say you'll give it another year." 44 AU right; I promise," said Tom hurriedly, noticing that a great change had bccomo evident 111 Ills father's condition. He was deadly pale, and his breath came in short, quick gasps. Tom called to tho two at the fire, and they forced a stimulant between tho old man's lips, while Tom raised his head and supported it on liis arm. 44 You'd better lay him down, Tommy," said Liverpool, after the lapse of a few minutes, with an unusual huskiness in his voice. 44 Why?" 44 Ho is dead." Chapter II. In Explanation. In order to avoid even tho semblance of that mystery that so many readers of fiction affect to dislike while secretly delighting and revelling in, tho present narrator has decided to take tho reader into his confidence, aud place him in possession of certain foots, that form the con necting links between tho two priucipal inci dents here recorded. Tho main fact necessary to a proper understanding of tho position of affairs, after the elder M4Lareu's decease, is that young Tom M4Larcn and Bella Angus wero quite hopelessly in love with each other. But the nuxilliary facts are many. Both Tom M'Laren and Peter Angus, many years before their discovery of tho Blazing Star, had entered into mntrlraony, with tho usual result— olive branches. Mrs. M4Laren lived only long enough to feel the worst of thoso privations that tho enthusiastic prospector some times inflicts on thoso dependent on him, and dying loft, perhaps fortunately, but one child — tho Tommy of this talo — to the doubtful caro of her husband. Mrs. Angus, however, being made of more durablo material, survived tho birth of many children, chief among them being Bella beforoqnontioncd, aud being a woman of much energy, albeit canny, she became a very thorn in her husband's side in her determined efforts to increoso thoir worldly store. So very frugal and business-like, indeed, did she be come that Peter, with a discretion that ilid him much credit, established tho enter prising lady in a branch establishment ia the township of Chinaman Flat Ho thus not only placed 15 miles of bad pack traok botwoen him and his spouse, but he also provided her with a means of exercising her money-making proclivities without restraint. u0fore Blazing Star episode, young Tom MaoUrtu an, I Bella Angus had conceived an aUnolim -n f each. other that received the tacit aimrutati" of the parents of each, ami 0,1 the!, ' den accession to wealth no objection wl raiBed on cither side. Hut wi, ' ,,ih I elder MaoLarcn developed liis disastrous mania 1 for speculation, and the son allowed svin X ' of a similar tendency by persistently las wages 111 prospecting, Bella received Lit ' ! tions not to encourage l>oor Tom any Ion' i And although she went and refused to he com forted, and although Tom entreated and nointal cut in an interview with old Peter that lle w!! only following m his footsteps, aud might fe equally successful, the inexorable parent ,l7 i cliuod to givo his consent. 1 "Look here, Tom," he had said quietly bat 1 convincingly, "so long as you follcr uiVthi, I blank prospecting you'll never marry jelk i Angus. You stand a better show of beingstruck I by lightning." | Poor Tom was therefore in an unpleasant nre. I dicamont after his fathers death. But remem I baring his promise, he determined to continue his I prospecting for another year, and then, if still I unsuccessful, to finally give it up. I Chapter III.— Another Christmas Eve, I Tho weather prophet 1ms 110 honor in the 1 mountain ranges that surround Starr's Point. 1 Climatic changes there are too sudden and 1 frequent. You may arise in the morning to in. I hale the invigorating breezes of spring, at noon I you may he sweltering under the burning rays I of a summer sun, in the evening an autumnal I gloom aud a wind that howls in a minor key de- press you, and before you retire to bed winter's 1 snows are falling. 'This experience, or one of 1 the diverse combinations that the four seasons I are capable of presenting, is a possibility to be I anticipated any day between October and I January. On the morning of tho 23rd I day. of December of the year following I MucLarcn's death the genial warmth held ont f the promise of a delightful day, but with custo- I inary faithlessness there was a disturbance j of the elements before night. Itwasnotsur- I prising therefore that when on tho next mom- I ing watery clouds' threatened a furthei Iowa- I pour Bella Angus decided, with purely femiuine 3 reasoning, that a fine day would ensue. Actiii" i on this conviction, she piocccded to array her- I self in the daintiest of riding habits and nn jj utterly bewitching "boxer," and so attired | mounted that diminutive but liiost surefooted of 1 all packhorses, Tommy, and set out on the track j 'that led to Chinaman's Flat, intending to parti- 1 cipate in tiic Christmas festivities there 011 the I following day. 1 A pack track iu the ranges is a primitive thing, f and to the uninitiated a tiling of wouder and I terror. It may lead you from the township with 1 a delusive appearance of fairness and straight- 1 forwardness, but presently it will develop most I unpleasant characteristics. It will lend you lip f steep hills that you feel confident ucod not bo I climbed, by bewildering zigzags that fill tho I spirit with weariness. It will take you into the I dark recesses of gullies until all idea of your j locality is lost. It will bear away due cast when I you know your destination lies due west. It will i crawl along prccipitoussidclingstliatskelreshcer j to the iushiug river below until you perspire in I an agony of fear. It will' somotimcs take you I across streams so deep that you must withdraw 1 your feet from the stirrups in order to keep 1 them dry. Or, worse still, It will force you to 1 cross bridges of mako so fearful and wonderful, I nnd with such very uneven and unreliable look- | ing decks,' that you tremblo with apprehension. I But to Bella tho pack track was the most ordi- | lmry thing in the world. It was to lier tho I most natural moans of communication possible. 9 For her the Bidlings had 110 terrors, she took | tho fords with the utmost suivj froiJ, the 1 tortuous ascents wore to her but necessary | evils, ami she even warbled a song as she 1 crossed a dilapidated bridge. But she tras J frightened of thunder aud lightning, and g didn't quito relish tho idea of getting wet g through. .So when, with her journey but half B completed, livid flushes of lightning shot across E the sky, and the resonant muttering of thunder 8 made itself heard, and heavy masses of dense, £ black cloud gathered overhead, she did led a s little nervous and urged the deliberate Tommy H to a faster gait. But it was too lata S The elements had met in wrath, aod a a display of violence was _ - inevitable, g Startiiigly luminant, fantastic hieroglyphics I flitted and flashed on tho black walls of clouu g that shut out almost all other light. Terrifying g and deafening peals of thunder resounded on g every side. A furious wind arose anu swept g over tho hills and sped up the deep gullies with I a threatening roar. . Sturdy trees that in their g might rofused to bow before it wero snapped on 1 ut tlieir weakest point, their feebler but equally a obstinate brethren woro'uptorn by tlio roots and g fell prostrate to the ground, or reeled uud leu j against eacli other like giants in liquor, while tne s moro pliant vegetation bent and grovelled in g lowly submission. , , S Tommy— tho. hitherto phlegmatic, fearless, « inexciteablo Tommy — had turnod his tail S blast, and stood cowering and trembling s abject terror, and refused to move. 1 oof J 0, s bareheaded— for tho charming boxer " 1 been torn uugently from its place by the g wind — sat in the saddle in passive dread. fl lmd nover experienced anything like thish S SI10 so thoroughly realised her ""er V 1 uess amid these rampaut forces of u iatur alio could only cling to tho saddle, and wm | bowed head and shrinking form nwa t wn« g ever might befal. Tho storm grew w. Id r ug g fiercer. Electric Hashes, more lurid nnd '"1, ® dazzled and blinded her, tho thunilci _ and roared unceasingly, and the crasjl J., falling timber was almost continuous. - ... away a huge gum that hud been fn-'l . s revealed to her by successive _ lightning fl # was suddenly enveloped 111 a blaze o ",| jte brighter streak shot from crest to trm d>. . was a loud roport, a horrible tcnriny, " sound, and tho stately monarch of the bus! vanished. Tho noxt moment Bella was scions of another and oven ln.orL ifti .wher brilliant glnro, something brushed swiftly y face, she felt herself falling, nnd she 110 more. Tommy, m an " him tll0 started madly onward, dragging ; -..J insensible form of his r der whose fo" ' caught in tho stirrup. He dasl lied across bridge beforo which ho bad !a, c. ' » fallen the track on tho other mdo trees plunged forward over the a lnconscious its opposite declivity. A here b „,vasfree. iiicuinhranco fell to tho ground 1111 . . over Of his subsequent movements ncth'o . transpired until lio turucd up wet .ami 11 at his stable, aud thoro wo may very wo' him. » I AVheu Bella regained specUa f moon was looking down 011 '10 , cicmcntai g solicitude. The only sign of recent elcn » disturbance was to he in"'"! ' .. she was | her that lay strown in a d'recti . hi faint anil weak and howil dor cd. Herm ghu 1 was soaked through by tbobcay )c3 | felt stiff and sore, and Xrwise »l><> l>aJ, I throbbed painfully. . but reinonibered 1 escaped serious Urj,ige and tho | nothing of crossing the b rllHli- J opposite Bpur. Sbo coulil . jv thought j ing of water below. and j|at lay be- | she was on tho hank of tlio sirsa t J "! wamo Insensible. Slie knew 1 f4" n that just below the bridge themam I weii that ju th(!r Df ,lcarly 1 0U "u|„|, ran for n milo almost 1 -J volume, only divided from it by 1 &! «» which a stone could bo m-i low "PS. Sho was now ou the bank "'f,C'but tho thought of the truth BgmbuWL i,„, Therefore, when she at iFTrdto her feet she had determined to UptuS1 t0" .ilc should reach one of tho ® In stood on its banks. So for li,9,10n„ ho nigbt sho forcod her way HM0"!3 i«hvrintb of scrub aud timber Mi w on all sides. She won- Ifai (tcoropii-|e ah0 110VCr struck tiio Mf Scrub, too, seemed denser, and sho H|.i Tb „;e0 f»ny familmr points. But, SVlSl in until, at last utterly worn struts'® , , f |i ttl,d overcomo by ahe fcl1' a,Kl lEiif JWerin and was darting inquisi- on her poor, bedraggled figure, and B'h Sir iuid 114410 -fnc- . i" s> X w«r shooting pains m i limbs, gar:!?. ;m( " |,„,i dreadfully. Looking at WSocd remnants of her skirt and ®D-f toots. sho realised what a IgL t1"1 ...innhlo spectacle she would . P ffehed home, and thinking HT0! mU not resist a desire to laugh. B».f ' such a little, miserable, hollow HwtXlMSh. s"0'1 a vcry llbcl ? SC"",1U0 Bi? Sat she stopped at once and cried a Br P- ead. Fenling after this somewhat re- ffitf -ho resumed her journey. "With intervals of rest she limped slowly and »a«!ong 8,10 001,1,1 fc'„"Q /fr '"T" foot had become so swollen that sho H fill to remove the boot. She understood she was lost, and began to K. taming sense of tho possibility of not MT, tad. Bot being a sanSuiue, spirited Hpfrtnoaand plncUy withal, she promptly Rhl,to tho lump that rose in her throat Rf.be thought of her parents and brothers Si- hri-ond Tom ; and kept a keen outlook Hr of life around her. Onco she Bf-j-'t <be aw smoko in the distance, but it K.LI-" the mist arising out of a deep gully. KV-isi die could aco "blazed" trees, mdi- H-L, jirsck, above her; but, although she RiVe could not put her swollen foot to tho Kii and had to remain in doubt. Sho Hrj riling on all outcrop of quartz that ML. , fMt or more above tho level of HfcmMuiidiDg ground. Picking up a frag- BE-' M- the stono she examined it, list- Ri, ,t Srst, then with something of real Bast Sho could plainly detect specks of Bil kting its surface. She was sitting on a B) bearing reef. Her eyes sparkled with for a moment, and then the bitter B of the situation suggested itself. She B-it die miserably, with, porhnps, untold Hrih beneath her. Thinking thus, an unroa- Hiijiense of tho injustice of it all made itself B\ and throwing herself face downwnrd on tho BEiislibc wept copiously. Wliilo so engaged SLliaciel the heard Borne unusual sound. Slie ijiiiprglit oad listened eagerly, but could ijuhsaotliing. Bonding down, with one ear to BkT ground, she could distinguish it again, and ifcji plainly. It was a continuous sorics of ggr.hr concussions, like tho hoof heats of horses. ®rraingher eyes in the direction of the sound, Be detected something moving on an adjacent Bftsnd presently there came into full view Ssiiacihorscs, and in their rear a man. Sho fflkkid all her strength and uttered a shrill S'fey." The man looked around him and went She shouted again and again, but he rnndo ®j::qa, andaswecpofthctrock soon hid him from fflidt Then she broke down utterly. To have mkiancarly tared and then to be abandoned mtcobard ; and site sobbed convulsively. 'Hallo there, "shouted a familiar voice from ijiie Almost doubting the evidence of her tad hearing, she looked quickly lip to whero i'.sui proceeded fioin, and there, a hundred ;iri my. stood Tom JlnoLnren, apparently a'tuirj wiiether to como down or not. Sho moi ter hand, and in a few seconds he wus miisg beforo her with amazo and con- Kiiioii, inquiry nnd pity alternately cx- jwl on his face. Then ho said quickly, y ' you poor little thing," and at tnilden movement and would have lifted 4 b bis powerful armB ; but seeing her jcfel foot ho contented himself by sitting raUiide her and tnking her to the shelter of n.vil breasL Tlicn slie explained, and last ifli-owed him tho quartz specimen. And -planed that having fulfilled his promise to b-si father, ho had decided to give up pros ily;, and was shifting his tools and cooking cvuiand blankets into tho Point, which ho jluach in time for Christmas dinner at Tho y 1 lifted her gently after this and her up to tho track wliere tho bxi zero Btanding. Ho removed tho i".! l ,"e' nnd with his blankets arranged rcrtableseatto whioti lie raised poor Bella, 7 a cunning adjustment of str. jis made a s/nior her wounded foot. Iu auothcr hour «I»«e in the Point. «!,; more remains to bo told. Tom Mao- jJ proqiecied tiio roof, anil within tho year i.. i i0Ut' . £2000, and had consummated M'.-l luck marrying Bella. Epilogue. f.i ''l' 'he talo as 'twas told to mc. .,,,.\cclJ.ul,ty of which X am no longer s«.i t .1 . I even persuaded iny i.'. 'Ather-in-law to invest in the reef. la"Je< mo Oy with a stony glare, in ,,r. '"?th contempt and resentment. The to . i,m0- £'le Lel'a proved to be a is J- 0 nhurehoklors visiting the V S(Jrac rantlis' prosficctiug Iiad been " ?. . 0 even carriod on, found two iU i. i1? a H L i f t . " One lay beside a kichsnii"11 mH hi careless abandon. Tiio h!itra,lur '''"'"'Jed from a drivo wliioli lio tyrii / started in sheer weariness of in- kali, /" eentinue tho narrativo of tik in n! ' Lather witli footings appro- Screr i!,,f sea,ai\ 1' mo mercifully draw a bK1„ , . "uwliolesomo tiling and liopo that i5,e mjoymont of none of my readers "artheTu?TteeVf.'tllany 8"Ch barefaccd Pr?!!',co ot Fricsland, tho home of (T'-'-etion of llvn" rcn'nlkahlo record in tho "'nun' u h. eii, butter aud choose. miles of lts arca at 1280 «d imi?1"01! 2£aro duvo'«'l 'o vege- fe? "try acri nf 7 ', Brass and liny. $ < «t of butter 'la lb "of "T" CXI,rtC'!1 !" 10ai from c clieese ; ami, in 'Miteer Vn,l.y a,"cs w«'o exported 5 I rnonjt 8 and 9 "htep- Untied at thn'i'i6 new "J1!01 'ms just been >6tdres o „h0Ur«,lfoundry- It is over ttade from ei?V?V ,fcct lonB> and lias i" tame will LLl''an3of Captain Uirondart, WattoCahln t?i A0 '10 caunon has b,,tot » s uQl'c io'nt l'v f? w 1)0 trlod' 03 tluiro J14' P'uriKise qu. t."8 ranK0 at Bourgcs Sjag no uicanJof m'u" ' ey 41,0 way' nre mak|ng both their fort Jihe advances tdccl'vu as ftOHsibie, SCnoi1' 'sr in thk rwSTSiSlS (8la»blertobo lJiC0hytho "ervi,:0 muat 