DESERTED BY HIS FRIENDS. The events of the past week have been such as to cause thinking men to come to the conclusion that ' cunning ' Sir Henry Parkes has made his exit by the back door of Parliament House, in order to prevent himself and company from being kicked out of the main entrance. With the ghosts of tramway leasing manipulation and the waste of casual labour money for the benefit of 'our ' friends, and Railway Commissionerships., staring the old veteran in the face, he has evidently concluded it would leave a far better prospect for getting white-washed than by allowing the Opposition to knock him under. By so doing he has reduced the strength of the Opposition. Having come into powei in such an unexpected and lucky manner the New Ministry can scarcely raise the cry of 'Long live Protection'; and as Parkes has not waited to be kicked out, he will be able to continue his arrogance on the other side of the House, and with more effect than would have been the case had he waited the result of the Holt-Sutherland Estate and other investigations. The most feasible way of putting the defeat is to assume that the great man, sick of his colleagues, took the opportunity of shaking hands with them, with the intention that they shall never again have the chance of drawing Ministerial screws under his wing. But there is another view which has feasibility about it, viz: that Sir Henry Parkes, with his usual lofty ideas of power and party, treated Mr. Want with silent contempt, thinking the result would be nill, and was greatly 'sold.' This latter is quite possible. However, it is with the result we now have to deal, and we hardly, at.this juncture, know whether to feel sorry or glad. We rejoice at the idea of a Protectionist Ministry being in power, but the fact of the Hon. G. R. Dibbs being at its helm acts as a fly- blister ; we have no faith in the man as a leader, and, with the disadvantage of taking power in a House with a minority at his back, we fear the cause he espouses will suffer such another check as that which he has caused to Protection several times already. There is some hope for him, however, if he will have the good sense to seek the voice of the country as soon as he consistently can. By that means he will quickly increase his follow- ing, and have the advantage of the discontent at present reigning through out the colony at the result of Sir Henry Parkes' two years administration, which has been barren of attractive, or useful legislation,.and a failure in the matter of finances. - Mr. Dibbs has not yet succeeded in forming a Ministry, but the matter will be definitely arranged on Monday next, Sir Henry Parkes, in view of this being done, moved the adjournment of the House till Tuesday, it is not known, as we, go to press, definitely who the members of the new Cabinet will be ; but as far as can be ascertained from those who are well able to form an authentic opinion, and as the public are, doubtless, anxious. to know who the new Cabinet is ilikely to include, we give the informa tion for what it is worth: - Colonial Secretary ... Mr. Dibbs Treasurer Mr. Garvan . . Attorney-General ... Mr. Barton Minister for Mines ... Mr. Lyne Minister for Works .. Mr. Fletcher Public Instruction ... Mr Henry Clarke Minister for Justice ... Mr. Slattery Minister for Lands ... Mr. Copeland Post-Master General ... Mr, F. B. Sutton Vice-President of the 'Executive Council, with a seat in the Upper House, Mr. R. E. O'CONNOR. When next you bake try Pencil's Snow white Patent Rolleu Flour, and your bread will b3 as white as suow. — G8, 