Novelist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. BV ESTHEB SERLE KENNETH. The old .Meatjowa honsd. Everyone in Lennox know whero it wus. '?'Fot'yVhrs only, part of it was occupied. , The build lrr^-Btoo'd 'upon'- What was'^allfcd ''0«k Crag,' and rose; a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in the full Bight of the tdtor ; ? ? ? .Once, itjhad been ia. vory popular place, ns.^the .oblintry .Beat . pf the :Meadows. Partifcs.-.fronx: the .city thronged, it all bumnier. It waa:known us a popular re Bovt ' while :old^.i),rakd '. McitdbwB lived. But : for years 'it:bad been nearly du Beneu, unu raoac or tno lamuy wero dead. ' ? :: .?„* ??????? . . ?.. ? T1V6 fatail^liad to^idly 'diud 'out; ''Old IJraktfJJ^iido.w^los'i! his' wife'ahd ddugh .terj'thbn' parted with' this ) lifo,' himself, leaving the property, io two sons— brio of ; whom, veiy, , wealthy, resided in Europe: .vl, .tho-.ot.her-T.woll.*'ii'*;a'lr—,,'o»r oxaotly 'Meadows was or what had ' *- ' 'beoome'ot'hini...,;,He_!|Bed to.bo known in . the old times as tho ^Scapegrace Bon, who was ahvayB in difficulty /.WHohad a kind : of piisBionate pride, but no dignity. He was hail fellow' wdH met' with ever/b'oldy, and used to 1 go . fishing with' the' tavern boyB,r arid off On night 'expeditions' after nobody knew what. 'A groat trial to his rather* tiflty proud relations, the towns people assorted ; but with thera he was a ; great favorite. ..'.'5'- - . In spite of liis . prithks uppn their per sons and property, there were generous ? waj'B and winning tricks . .about the boy. He would sometimes atone .in the moat lavish manner for . his idepredations upon their possessions— bringing.baok tho fruit or.chiokona or pumpkins, ho had stolen at night, or if the 'proporty' was destroyed, uiQ.re .than paying foriCoutor his pooket money When angered or. insulted, he would, fight like, a, young dempn, , and drive .everything before: him.,; In his per sonal likings hp W(i8jjulte. as fervid, and,, l4o loye and hdte;.lik6/Biok;MeadowB'.' ha^.become a proverbjin th'e, town, j , But wh^;the famUyUpft'ltHe Crag, one' autumn, . and. neyqr uoame .book again, Riok jiiBa^p.e&red;'frqm their''yiew. ' jfie ' was a'iacl of eighteen thqn.j ^na, not long ?iftpr news of his father's- death -came, fc was reported that hbjiad gone into the! irmy. . . For . years rand years, the. house stood empty. . The garden run to waste, the fonces' grew, dilapidated, and ..the, trees, seemed to sigh in a mournful way Wore die silent door, \vhen ono:day a. messen ger arrived from tho oity to Jay that Ed ward MeadowB, the 'owner; wanted to put at) oooupant in it who would keep the phtoo in order for tho rent; Tho news seemod a porfebt godsend to EmttiaLamar. Sho novor thought for a moment thit tho hbus'd'\Va8r liauntod ; for the place, like any 'btlier deserted habitation,' had- gathbred' disagreeable re 'porta. She only know that' it would be a home for, her brothor'. Westerly and herself during 'Westerly's, studies ; and sheaooordingly applied for it and obtained it. v , Tho brother and sister wore vory different. Dearly aB Emma Lamar loved her brother Westerly ;Lamar was a bad,- passionate, unBorupulous follow. He had inherited ohplorio' blood and a jelfish nature from his father,1 All his . mother's noblo qualities seemod trans mitted to his sister, Emma waB the rider, being twonty-three. Westerly was just of ago._ Resolute faoing of a hard world had {Ivon Emma Lamar an air that was a little grim ; but she had exquisite fea tures and beautiful, dark-blue eyos. Sho would have been a beauty and a belle if ihe had possessed tho taBtes ahd. manners o! a beauty and a bollo ; but'life wits aud always had been a sorioua . matter with her. Sho had soon father 'aiii' mothor die in lidr early youth j and now she lived for Westerly, who was not a very comforting otjeot to live for, Westerly was studying medioine, and was, at least, an ambitious student. Of oourse they wore., poor, bub; - Emma's capability kept them always in respeot able appoaranco, Sho -kopt~ them also p#»/«otly independent and out q! debtf wliicti )-nvo thum a sitting chum to tliu ro 'sprot of tliair neighborH. Wlion thoy went to Oak Crag to livo, tlioy hnd overvbody'a bust wishes. No olio was particularly fond of Westerly l.amar, but all wiRhod him well for his sister's sako. Everyone approved of Emma Lantar, the dovoted daughter mid good sister. The first evening they spent nt Oak Cran, liotli felt a little 8triini;ely. They occupied' the west sidf. Tlio remaindor of tho liouso was deathly still. That morning thoy had wandered through it, viewing for tho first time the spaoious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. Tho plaoe was merely a curiosity to tliein I lien ; but when darkness clnsod over it, and tlioy remembered what u changed place it was since the days when the grand old place had beon tlioir childhood's awe nnd admiration, the neighborhood of thoBo cold and desolato rooniB to their evening firo was a little oppres sive. ' 'This is. a pokerish placo, after all, Ein,' said Westerly, after he had sat silent a whiloj listening to the moaning; of the wind in the chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed inht-rwork. Sho looked up. 'But it is going to be so muoh bettor for us, Westerly.' ' ''it will take all my time to look after that old garden.' ? ? ' 'Not more time than you ought lo give to exercise after studying so muoh.' ' ' But I want to go into the city somo times.' ; 'And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at tho pitch-black night. His sister was silent for a momout,then she said j ? ? 'You muBtu'l go into the oity and leave mo alone hero,' Westerly.' ? - . ' I'd never have ooine here if I had1 thought of that,' oxolainied Westorlv, Lamar, impatiently. ' What wero yoii thiiiking of whon you made the plan, Emt Did you want to bury us alive ' We oan't afford to bo verv sav. Westerly.' y 8 y' ' Afford I I'll afford a decent lifo one 6t theBO days,' muttered the young man, as ho turned again to the window, and looked at the city lights. ; Thero was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's face ns she wont on with her work: She might havo been hurt by lior brother's ingratitude, or perhnps she was thinking her plan of ooming to Oak ' Cr.ig might bo an unfortunato one. Her i!x|)ieB8ion was very grave, whatever misht bo i.ts cause. ?. Wdsteily 'finally returned from the '.Window to his' books.1' ' Ab the' tnoinonts liassod, and the block tiekcd'lbudly in the silont room, : Emma's- lifcad bent loSver iind UWer over hir sewihg, and at liibt 'a .'tear splashed oh the snowy lineal.' . Slib'had tried bo hard to make the ' placo pleasant and homelike to Westerly. 1 'At least it did Boeiri'that lie was un'appreoiativo. ? Ue looked up at hor suddenly as tho olook struok ten. ? ? ? , ' : ' Em, you had -better go to;bod. I am going to study tilllato,' lie said. ' Emma hesitated. ?- , ; ' I'm not sloepy. Won't you be lonely liore,1- WeStoifly ?' - *? ' : ' No, M'he replied. . ^ l ean study niuoh better by myself.' ? ' ' '' --»? ' 1 So, after a , little wfiilei- Eimj® put by her work. KoA^Jilirgooaviugiit, and wont acrosB. the hall to her room; , ' ; She sighed heavily ns.sho lot-down, her : hair before the mirror; and, as she looked at the refleotion of her f«ce, she saw that h.T olieok wa- pale, aud her eyoB mourn ful andsteadtaat. ? 'She went to bed, but did not sleep. Sho watched the moonlight creep acrosB the floor, ana listened to ti e dismal wnil iiigof the wind, until the clock Btruok twelve. Then the roBo, wrapped herself from the frosty air, and stepped aoross the hall.- She opened tho sitting room door softly and looked in. 'Tho oil had burned oht of the lamp, and the wick Bputtored feobly. Tlio room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some time, for the fire was out, and the atmosphere was chilly. ' Emnia Lamar .went baok to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, Bdbbed like a oliild. Sho realised hor droadf ul situation. Probably she would bi left'alone in that desolate -placo night after night, while- her brother was nway, Heaven only knew wh'ftre. ' Slie had-her secret. : ; For the last tlireo 'months -her brother had'boen adous'tohied Bobretly to takb'tli'o; night t'ralii at eloven o'Clook, go' iritS thb'pity',' and rbturrt to his ? robm' at sdmbwhere' about' fo'ui?' d'olook in''thb morning. Sho possessed this knowledge' uhknown to him. , -When ho would make his appearance at breakfast, it would be with pale oheoks and . bloodshot -eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient slbep; ' With a dread that was almoBt a siirety of ovil. she hud askbd no questions, She bolioved her brothttr to bo wedded to Homo bad prdotico, but she could hot toll wjiat. He wiis easily angered, and :ahb : did not daro queation him for fear of causing an outbreak whioh would bo no Hatisfaotibn. So, after most earnest thought, sho had come to Oak Orag, hoping that the ohango of situation and tho demand upon his timo and attention might alter his habits,' Sho was con vinced that the plati Vvas1 unsuccessful j arid tho prospact of being left alone in that gloomy plaoo night aftor night was appalling. The olook struok ono. .Tusi then a Blight noise startled her. She raised hor head and listened. It was a stop in tho room above. Hor heart Btood still, aud then commenced beating so that she was nearly Buffooated. Her firat thought was to look tho door of lior room, She did this, and then crept baok into bed and listened. She could distinctly hoar some otie going about over head, and for a while Bho was completely abandonod to terror. Then sho attempted somo solution of the problem. Tho liouso waa old, and tho noise might bo caused by rats. But Bhe oould not, in reason, entertain this idoa more than a minute. Tho step became a regular paoing over head. 1 She was convinced that somo one beside horsolf was in the house. She lay and liBtonod to the sound. Then sho thought it might bo Wostorly ; but sho knew too well that her brother abhorred those lohely preoinota overhead, and Would by no meaiiB oritor them by night. He wbb milos away, and she was alone in what seemed to her groat danger. The Buite of rooms that the LamarB'had takon wero on the ground floor. Emma's bsdroom window was about three feat from the pai-ileti walk. Thti-n_'h tho oak bouchs the moonlight tli- kered oil tho floor, and sho lay looking at it ns sho listened. Suddenly tho Bound overhead teased. Wondering what this might portend, sho listened anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she ro inemhered that hor bedroom window wus not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, she was about to slip frotn the bed and fustoii it, when a ^iaduw fell across tlio fl ior in tho patch of flickering moonlight. She glanced toward the window, and saw a face — a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid faeo — with burning eyos that met hers for a moment ; then tho faco disappeared, and Emma Lamar sank baok in a swoon of terror. When she returned to consoioUBiiess, sho heard hor brothor cough in his room ddjoining ; aud she knew that' ho hod re-1 turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of aafety, sho turned upon lier pillow, and, resolving lo investigate the mystery as day came,' fell asleep'. I It was lato when she awoke, and sho sprang from bed before bIiu rofiieinbered the events of tho night. It scoiued like, a dream as she suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had boon ; and the more so when sho threw, open the windows and let in tho ringing songs of the birds. ? , ? : At broakfast sho told 'Westerly the story.- Ho came out'of -his room'oleopy And -sullen ; but- when she ootnmenced her ' narrative ho flashed into sudden anger. ' ! '1' tell you the cursed old placo is haunted, Em,' he oxclaimed. 'Ofcourso ' it la. Thore's no othor Bolution.for snoh. sights and Bounds. I - presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it ; and unless you want such visitors overy night wo had better loavo.J' ? ' If I thought it nothing more real than ?jjhoBtB, and you were here, Westerly, I should'not be afraid,' replied his siatef. ? 'What- do you 'mean by my, bd^ng lioie i' he aaid quickly. \ ' You wore not hero last nighty, Wes- terly,' answored Eminu, hardly willing to lheet his glanco of astonishment aiid anger at hor discovery, yet speaking 1 firmly. - - Westerly was silent a moniont, then said with cool bravado, ? ? ! ' I had business in tho oity. 'And I'll, tbll yoii what, Em, 1 may bo away liny, night. 'So,' if you don't want to be left, alone here with tho ghosts, you'd abetter: find'some othor abode. For my part, 1 never waa-in favor of coming her.%-.. - ' ; ' Why, what oan you want: in thecitjt at -night, Westerly ?' said Emma, soriowJ fully.- ? ' - 'k -?!' i ''Thatfs my business,' replicd'Weate lyj gruffly, tbdu'ding oven his broakfast. ? ; ; ' 1 Here'* the' conversation . dropped,^ 'Gtiitiia.'' ftilt ' too ''deeply for. Swords, ; and 'Westerly 'at'u'his'breakfast.in silenco,.-.r., , During' 'tlio'.' .forouoo.n- .jtlioy -,i -.w(nt -about their separate .- occupations ; butiin 'the ? afternoon- Emma came into the-s^'1 'ting-room- whero-her .brother Bat studyirij I'ah&laying; her hand lightly uponhisaru, ''asked,— 1 -i - - -?? ?'-. ?! : '« Westerly, will you go up Btaira wift nie'?'.--- 'i .- ?? 1 v-' - ? '! ; ! ' What for ho naked in surprisef i,'\ ' ! ';T6' seeifiiny ?'otie' is there, or lias been' tlidi'e;' Shb'aaid.' ' ,„,M ' I For a'/thpment ho^lbokcd;inoroduloij8i' ?Th'bh he' ^roso' slowly, sayinjt.r— wily, fJEinS-you-mustibeia'fobl cbold-any one gob into those rooms ? Tliofl ate looked in every dlreotion. ' But j'r| go'up if'you:like.'t ' ' : - ' i ' ! Thoy *6nt up'-stairs. 'The itairs . wero' broad and tlio atepB low. Tho halls, dusty', and sunny,' echoed thoir voicos when thoy spokd ; but, though lonely, tho placo was, not in any degree fearful. 1 Thoy unlocked and opened- room after room, all of which looked Bilen'and un disturbed. - Af-last they camo to'-tho 'bhaniber from 'whence had proceeded tho Biuhd of footsteps tlio previous night.; Emma Li mar's hoirt'beat hard as sho un locked tlio' door. T ey dntorod. The: r6oin was silent, and echoed tho creakiug. door. All was porfeetly still and undis-. turbed. ? Westerly laughed aB his sister looked, about tho room. - ' !' Do you suppose ghostB loavo any murks to track tliom by ?'? said lio. '.Oomo, Ein, don't be silly any longer. I toll you no live person oould have boen in the room last night.' : i' What is this ?' 'Einma piokod up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. It was a mhn's buokBkin glove, gauntleted, and fastened -with a heavy gold button, on 'whioh wore engraved tho' initials, ''R.M.' Tho glove bore the1 impress of a shapely -hund ; but it was impossible to toll how ro'certtly it had beon worn, it was so soiled arid stained.- ' It 'has probably lain hore for years, whore somo visitor of tho old family dropped it,' romarkod Wostorly. ' I fani'v it feola slightly damp, Wes terly,' said his sister. 'Nonsonaol It's nothing but tho dihnpness of the room. ThoBo north-west oliumbora are full of chills, Oomo, throw it down, and let us go down stairs.' Bub' Emma lcont tho glovo, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. : That night Westerly promised her that lie would not leavo -tho house, and -the brother and siBtor retired to their rooms at toil o'clook. ? Suddenly, ns tho clock struok eleven, n boll rang violently through tho houso. It was not tlio hall door boll, but proceeded from jno of the chambers. Emma hoard hor brothor spring out of bed with an oath. Tlio next moment ho was at hor door, whon sho met him. ' For heaven's sako what is that, Emma ?' ho oxclnimod. ' It is tho boll of tho north-west oham ber,' sho replied. All thiB timo the boll was ringing. Sud denly it Btoppod. ' What Bliall wo do, Wosterly !' ' Curse mo if I don't find out what this taeaiiB I' oxclaimod her brothor. Ho sprang baok lo his room, and, to Emma's surpriao, returned with a revol ver. ' Where did you get that, WeBferly ?' 'Novor mind. Take that light and come with mo.' Sho wbb dressed only in slippcr9 and wrapper, and the air of the entries was chill ; but sho did not mind. She fol lowed hor brothor in his rapid spued up stairs. Strango to say, hit thoory of ghosts had- nevor mado any impression on fieri Sho feared nothing so. .vague,, but anticipated somo . strango discoverv of human boings where all had seemed deso lation. Th«; fir-t RtrniiL'e 'levehipmrnt \vn* tlmt tho door of the nunli-wes' chamber w.ib unlocked. It yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an exclamation of surprise ho entered. There was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered on tho tnhlo, nnd upon a lounge lay a man. evi dently in the agonies of death. His face was deadly pale, and tho eyes wore rolled up as if he wrre in convulsions. Tho brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a moment tho convulsed fea tures wero soon to relax, and the breath stopped. ' Ho is dead,' raid Wosterly. They brought the light to the marblo f ice. It was haiidsomo and haggard. Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur priBo. ' What is it, Westerly ?' ' I saw that man last night in tho city.' ' Wliero ?' 'In a gambling saloon,' replied the young man, excitedly. He fyrgot at tho moment that ho was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La inar was too agitated to notice tho betrayal boyond tho more words. She looked down at the man, and a look of weariness and ?Borrow on the still, pallid faeo touchod her ' to teaiB, 'Pshaw I What are you crying for?' oxclaimed Westerly, 'Hold tho light a minute.' i He gave her the' light, thon, unfasten ing the man's necktie, and, bariug his breast, made various tests of life. Tho form lay as impassive and cold as marblo. ' He's dead enough,' aaid Wosterly. 1 ' What aro wo to do with him ? Shall I call a physician, Wosterly? I am no afraid to go down th.- hill.' Emma Lamar thought she would prefer it to remaining with that solemn do.id figure, whilo hor brother went to call help or evidence. . But Westerly did not answer. Aftor a few moments ho cov. red tho face, aud said, — ' Come down stairs now.' ; Thoy went baok to the sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at euoh other. 4 ' How did ho como hero, Westerly?' ' Heavon only knows; but, Ein, it's the boat luck that ever happoued to itio ?' 'How?' . ' I ahull use him for a Bubjoct if uoth .ing happens to prevent— that is, if I see no lohaiioe of detection. . Prof. Gardner iwill.pay ma. one hundred pound , und ask lio questions,' i ' Good heavens I Westerly, I bog of you—' ? ? ? . » ? . - ?'j 'Pshaw I- Hush, will . you ! There's :injothiiig to prevent; iVe , -mude up' niy Wind. ' And there's the body— -a splendid oase'.-' You 'noticed his .'dress, did you nlit'?';' i 'No.' ... . I ^ Aymy— majbrls. oi|tfit,'l think. .He's a[ foreigner ju i.inplifled; his. .accent.- last night.-i .Ho. won-.niyitnoney .like tho dovil: llowrhe happened to be in this house is 1 thoanystory.'!:. i ' 'What killedi'hifn 1 . ? ? !! J ''Late Jiours- aild'liqiior, perhaps. Pob' 'iblyho took a quiqt d.osttof somoihiiig tb liiitisblf 'q'ut : of :l the Jiapds 'of Jtlie law. ; i«o' yyaB a 'desperato Jiokilig.fellow wheii j^\\)ie.re«v.'as life iii his fabn,' 'Oh, Westerly, whoro havo you learned .aboutjtlioso tilings ? You have changed so ntuoh in a year 17 - .. .. i ? ' Go to bed, Em j don't preach 1' ? ' Wjlmt tiro you going to do ?' v ; ' I am going lip^etoirs again.' ' Wjeatorly, -I pray you do nothing with that miiu's body to-njght.' * I ' I'll do what 1 pleaBO, Em. You had better go to ] bed.' .' 'But, -Westerly, the di^ngor of — ' ' 1 will manage my affairs. Go to bod.' ... ... .... ,.v ,, ? ... He took- another light and .wont . to,, his room. His siBtor knew that he had gouo ,Tor hia,! surgical., case.: . Trembling, with cold ani excitement, and trying' vainly to xollict'her I'aouliieS that sho might think calmly, nho retreated to her room, and;Jay down, half ,siok .witlr tho . workings of fear 'and anxietyi.iSho hoard her brother go up. staira. Thoithought oi' his work made her faint. Sho prayed that something might happen to. prevent. Just thon sho heard him r.'tuniing.i . ? i' Westerly I'-' she called. ! '.Ho eamo.to the door.' ? - ii j' Litton --to ino a;'momont, Westorly. ?Suppose that' nian should bo tracked here, and found niutilatpd, what is to. Bkvo you : from' the accusation of hiur diir'?' .... ^Ii' No fear of that. The faniily burying, ground of the Meadows will have one more udcupaMt before- morning.- -I --shall have quito dono with him in an hour.' Oh, Westerloy, you don't realise what a Sesperate thing you are doiugl'.. . , ^ Don't . I? A hundrod , poundH iB worth a little desperation. Go to sleep, Bis,' fo shut tho door and .wont up-stairs. En-jma buried hoi faco in tho pillow, and wept in an agony of despair. . Not only waa her brother's work revolting to her, but' sho realised how. iniminont .was the poril. Westerly aoanud deteruiined to brings certain destruetion.iipon tliom. But suddenly sho heard him come leaping down the stairs. He burst into her rooiu. ' He' iSas gone 1' 'GoJo?' ' Yesl I boliovo he was tho devil. How ioiWd lie tuko himsolt off when he was dial . And Yosterly Lamar, a moment boforo bo. cs^l j loaned .against tho door, . and wipedjtlb perspiration of oxcitcment from hid fap/ead. t ' I,W did he go, Westerly ?' , ' I doVt know. 1 made a slight cut in tho bro'n^,- and then camo down for my other ;iiistruments. When 1 went buck he' wus Bono;' ' Wore tlio windows and doors open ?' ^'Thb door' was ajar just as I loft it. Tho windows were shut.' Wciterly, I urn so glad 1' V.Of.Wjiat?' , ? - , f'jThjtyqu did him no harm.' '?FotiJU''jexchiinied,VVostorly in a aud- - den ragaK;,'' What :harin could I possibly do the ninn'jf he wero dead ?' ' But hoi, wasn't dead,' . f l'ti'llyim he was as dead ob a postl' ! . WeBterly-lw'ent hack ; to tno sitting room. It was nearly daybreak, .and hp made a fire. He sat over it moodily wlion Eiuuia came .out.rtVThen ho rose suddenly, and -went up-stoira. ? . Iln- a few, moments he camo down with tohiething lri'hiHhaiid. ' Wh»t U that, Westerly ?' ' N'thing Imt that glove,' he said, as he to-sed it down. ' Hut I put that glovo away. This must be tho mate.' It was so. Tho buttons bore the same initials. Emma took them in chargo as 0 cluo to tho strangj episode of the night. That day it was decided th-it thoy should leave tho house. It boro a horror to Emma Ltuiiur ; aud, sinco her plan in coming there was not likely to prove sue Ccssful, it was not worth while to roinain in so disagreeable a place. They would go back to the little cottage they had rented for the last three years, and live as best they might. At least she would be near .to neighbors there when left alone at night. She had novor before in her life been so unhappy, and sho. could not keep back her tears as sh'i prepared for their re moval. Besidu hor disappointment and sorrow, sho was wearied nnd nervous from tlio effects of the night's excitement, and at last, during her brother's absence, sho dung herself down upon her bed and cried like a child. The poor girl felt tired bo yond her Btrength. At twilight she aroso and went into the 1 garden, hoping that hor aching hend would bo relieved by the clear, frosty air. Besides Bhe could npt b(it acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly hod promised ro return at six o'clock, and she stood on the hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon tho gravel walk at her feet, A second glance assurod her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at the ground, she Baw another and anothor.dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step piug forwurd she followed the marks to u little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended tho figure of a man. ( Concluded in our next.) 