WALSHAM GRANGE. A Real Ghost Story. Alter this, first one and then another gets up, glances at the clock, and says each in more or less the same words, "Yes, you know it's only cats, Farriers; and Mrs. Ross had night mare, I agree with Woodbury; so good night i ' At last Farrier finds himself left alone. It wants just about two minutes to twelve. - He hesitates. Presently a dog begins to howl. This is too much, and Farrier bolts. Well the shrieks that night were worse than ever ; and the next day all the guests went away. Farriers and his wife, of course, couldn't spend Christmas there alone, so they went, too, and the old house was once more left dark and deserted. So Walsham Grange was simply un inhabitable, much to the disgust of Brufton and my great uncle Farriers. Lights were seen burning more bright ly than ever in the windows of the old place, and many a shepherd passing after dark was half scared out of his wits by the awtul shrieks that echoed through the deserted house. Of course, the story about the ghost, and the sudden departure of the guests from the Grange, made a great sensa tion in all the villages round, and kept everybody's tongue n wagging for months. In town, too, all the guests were questioned over and over again by their friends, who constantly got up special dinner parties on purpose to hear all about the ghosts from the lips who had really been in the haunted house. But, while nearly all the visitors to Walsham declared they never passed such a time before in their lives, and would not enter the old house again for worlds, there were a great many friends who lamented bitterly that they and their husbands had not been invited. Well Christmas- tide was fast coming round again, and one day who should turn up but Farrier's brother Jack, a young lieu tenant on leave for Christmas, from His Majesty's ship Tackier, lately em ployed off the South Coast, endeavour ing to put down the smuggling that went on there to an enormous extent. So master Jack was full of anecdotes of hairbreadth escapes and adventures with smugglers both by land sea. "Ah, Jack," said Mrs. Ferriers, " that South Coast is indeed a dreadful place !" And then she told him all about the ghosts at Walsham Gange. But instead of laughing, as Ferriers half expected, the young fel low took very great interest in the story, got them to tell it again, and frightened them by jumping up, bang ing the table, arid shouting, " By George ! I've got it ! Hurrah ! Look here, old fellow ! You take the place at once from Brufton, and. we'll go down together ; and I'll warrant I'll clear the old house of its ghosts in a week 1" Now Ferriers couldn't find a country house that suited him anything like as well as the Grange, and really hankered after it so much that he had been on the point of proposing to make a fresh attempt to oust the ghosts. So, seeing how much in earnest his brother was he sprang at the idea. Brufton was delighted. He, too, had long ' been contemplating another visit to the Grange, but did not like to ask Ferriers to help him again, Well, the end of it was, they all three agreed to go down together. The ladies, how ever, much to Jack's amusement, would not hear of their going alone. If their husbands went, they must go too. "Well," said Jack, "all the better; and better still if you will give another party, just as you did last year. But there's one thing you must leave to me. You must let me provide you with ser vants. Perhaps they won't wait very well at. table; but you musn't mind that. And they would be rather fond of rum. However, directly the ghosts are laid I'll send them away, and you can get. your own domestics down. Of course, ifce ladies can bring a maid or two; btjt don't take too many; and, above all> things, don't let it be known that I sent the servants." Jack start ed off at once to engage the attendants and sent them down to the Grange. And a . inosfc extraordinary lot they seemed, exciting general attention on their way to the coach. Well, when the guests arrived at the Grange a few days later they found half a dozen strapping damsels and as many men servants ready to obey them. Their method of waiting at table was decidedly peculiar, and created a great deal of merriment. The first two- or three nights passed away without any ghostly visitation and everybody felt almost disap pointed ; Imt one evening a door was heard to bang in the disused swing, then another, then another. Everyone rushed out. of the draw ing-room, and saw to their as tonishment all the servants, instead of being transfixed with terror, rushing wildly one after the other — maids and men — into the haunt ed wing. Then Jack, who was the first to disappear, came running back. "It's all right," says he; "we've got him." "Got whom?" screamed the guests. " Why, the ghost," laughs Jack ; " or one of them, at any rate- Here he is; look at him !' And just then up comes a party of the servants, bringing with them the ghost, certainly an awful looking ruffian, white with rage and mortification at his discovery- He refused posi tively to say why he was and how' he came there, loudly regretting that the pistol had missed fire. Then a happy thought struck Jack. " Tie him tight to the balusters. Then come ' along to Mrs. Ross's room J" And there sure enough, the panel by the fireplace stood open just as she had described it. 'Follow me, my lads," cries Jack, snatching a lantern from, one of the men, and jumping through the panel- Ferriers and Brufton were after him like lightning, followed by the servants. They found them selves in a narrow passage running inside the walls of several rooms, and leading to a winding ' staircase. After descending cautiously for some way, they see a light at the foot of the stairs, " Hullo ! Jim," cries a voice, " have you woke 'em up a bit ?" " Ay ! aw !" says Jack bounding down the stairs, " That I have ; and you, too, Brackenbury !" and before the man has time to recover himself Jack had thrown him to the ground and snatched his pistol from his belt. Some eight or ten men sit ting round a fire, are as quickly pinioned by Jack's followers. There was but very little resistance made, for they all seemed quite dazed at Jack's sudden onslaught. On examina tion, they found they were in an old cellar well stocked with casks of spirits, wines, silk, satin, and all kinds of excisable goods. Then Brufton and Ferriers understood what Jack was so anxious to know about the ghosts, for they proved to be a gang of the most notorious smugglers on the south coast ! Several women appeared on the scene, bewailing the capture of their husbands ; and Brufton called FerrierS' "attention to an old-fashioned cradle, that no doubt played part in the mock tragedy that Mrs. Ross had be held. 'indeed, ultimately Bracken- bury confessed they had shammed ghosts to/keep the house empty ; and some-ancient dresses they found in the chest enabled them to act part of an old legend connected with the house, while a subterraneous passage leading from the cellar to the wood at the back of the Grange, the entrance be ing completely hidden by thick ivy, afforclecj them a means of coming and going unobserved. Jack got his pro motion 'for capturing the smugglers ; and the servants, who, it is perhaps needless to say, were some of the Tackier 's crew,' got well rewarded. But, after all Brackenbury and his gang got off scot-free at the Assizes, for it could not be proved that they had smuggled these particular goods, nor even that the goods were smuggl ed. And neither Brufton nor Ferriers made any charge against them, feeling a kind of sympathy with their wild life ; but the secret door was bricked up and good care was taken that never again should they play the Ghosts at Walsham Grange. — Sheffield Telegraph. 