THURSDAY'S MX Uflt9 ' [lir ONE OF. TIM CROWDa.] " We've ody so'd fifteen ticrket, IltrIth, bhot Wonit gtr~iulessiru cah sBell [tity s cone lone, tkb a tikrt. Tlhi f? o two e 'hnststiol excirarontat wwhohil' can. rasoed the town at nion on Wheles.ly last. But we were not6oi'"een t' theIiw rate of three half-crowns. "No," we said emphati. cally, ,"? it's'not near good'eiough? 1 To Ihe fourteea hts', travelling ornr4fl11q like, in, this cold ?lnslly' vcitlher attlarrive th,me at midnight is tio miserablle prospect'for is." But, at evening.;we had chlange con siderahly. It was fi fShriht: anid on that reliallu skipper, Captain'geilsentionarano eeinog a return home by nine o'c'ock, we pledged ourselves, and our 'three' hlf. erowan, to go, and the starting- of ,thehrant was assured. At early lurning it r?lnied Ieavily, and we trembled at thLe p o!prc; as ve itole out 'at such an unurtal hci r.: Its had, however, cleared ap at li tyhteak, a? having provideld ourselves fur n cohd night anoda hungry'day; we turined tiili't til Cr-i terion at half-past seven o'clock. We gathered slowly' bitt' enrely, andai by the time the last cah had reached the steamer we numbered about fifty. It was a beauti fil morniig and our poetical friend on the way down gave vent to the glalne s of his heart in npropriate quotations fromn Shakes. pear. \'We. ad a' wait of aro?ut twerity 'minutres for 'tire late arrivals, and, during that time we listened to our poet idilating on Ihe necetaity for having the PI'unt Line between the'canal landing and the Latrolbi strengthened to resist the flood waters. Then lie launeled forth in praise of the fore sight nnd,dlterminatinon of: the gjod lady who lhad inducede tile Minister to give her a leise of the five-acre island which was with in a rtone's throw of us. The morons was flooded, and there was a boat on it; bat we found no interest in that. iAt half-past eight, the skipper having drawn public at tention to the fact that the delay Was not his, threw off, and ire started at fell speed lown the river. We had a precious cargo, terv. What if anything happened to the boat?-Some- of trtwouh l"n-T-b Tiibleid. Others would lhe-on paygday. There 'was a fair sprinklinig of laliet wlrot,?d ventui'el to brave the dldl'and the breeze- to see the aight. WVe fancy that the old pioneers had the advantage in numbers, and now ansl again 'rvwiolddlcatch asnrtches of expv'i en:es of "the god old dhrysa",rhen the de censaries of life'were at exorhitant' prices, and every man carried his life in hiis hanl. Of course, the' captain had thi most clin. pany until we got 'out of tle,rivrr,.the rpriith frin thie funnel actinig as a rotee. 'fon! from !t :erol I l rrzd 'cEarisd ?ylv the rian's speeil,/ t is a nice run down it 'tihe lakeo, ad having once more admired the swing-bridge, and wondered how the' people let the rich flats'along the.river go, frqm. hein yenle aaga'?b t ?i ettl|?Iown (or.bur ireyw. a ws raher colti as we enteredl the lake, and as tile glasis was reported. as " falling," we imet the trouble-that was not to come-half way hy tblking of h;w miserarle it would be coming hne.-\V e have "done" the lake trip before and we rqu't 'jfteOd Jo ,5 i Idtrnow, but fit is as well to nots that we voted Rosherville the prettiest spot on the route. We also missed the husy.appearance ronnrd Munro's anomills, whichthave been cldsed for some thite.' Hown did w'o pasm" theitime away ghrig 'd?own !' ell, you see, we had a " scratch" crew without a cook, and as, Iby trrange'ment,'we hld'to provide our own life saving apparatus, "scratch" meals Here the order of. the day. This.took ,np time, for three "scratch" merls were only equal to one set one, and two set ones would not hlve beti[ riisplqledffroin'dight' nntil two b'clock.h Others varied the tournament of the fleshpots by.playing quoits and cards for toar;wrrich was ptobe procurihd in abinndl ance. Here, agin one knot woult gather telling fairy tales, sund here anibr discuss.. ilg 1 - ifl i?stea an currents with primitive illustrations by an old seafarer. The fun of thetortqing. d ei rstein the joike made stahe uxpe/se of a ?msell, btufeLrfnly and w.onoer'fllycqns rt?.d i.reniinhecelice of thratatd boos, in heesli3.p' of an, allege plan of the new works, published by a Sale paper. The idea of sub- dividing the water and the works at the entrance into building allotments for sale was too absurd, and after several Ineffectlual attempts had been made to solve the puzzle, recourse ras.hall to- the " key." Th'hpqit tas discovered that it was intended is a fsa' of the locality, but thlat tihe artist had failed absurdly in grasping the idea," However, the skipper came to the rescue of those who wanted a plan, and, with jietil an ll'aper; provided a rough drawing thrat gavell the iformatiion necessary. As we nereilp gLughton'se thie captain was asked to whistle, and let them know we were comling, But he had read the fable of tie boy and the wolf, and declined to bring people out onoa fool's errand, in ease,tley ni'lt reme?ger it wefisl lie really?,erfuted them:: Sliortly after half-pjist'one, the new :hannel ealn in sight, and snomething re sembliini three c:eers arvsc ro om lto who iiantior.Irthtre'ok whi'chhtill he'etopel' for for a geucration: For, a 'permanent opening lbetwoeen 'the Cippsland Likes and tie sea is nt 'as idea of yesterlay. II The Oipplanel Timre4 of aFrilay,' Angit i, 1862, nearly 27 yeurfsago tLerdwa?s prl.' lished a letter from 'Dr. George Maleky, to tie then Chief Secretiry, on the matter, inlI as will he seen, this was not thle first time that the subject Ihun been pressed upon the Go veronlent. There was an eage r desire on the part of many.of the rasseugers that th: boit should lie, hleli oh therbuolhlthe entrance, but nlthlloaihlihe aippejornev4 in the achh, Ire hld dotr" tlh necssary authority"to Ilo so. In five hours and thirty nlinntes we landed at Carpenter's jetty, and here, let it be noted, that the cur. rent was so strong towards the old entrance that the boat was run in to her moorings with much greater force tJhao the captain intended. Of eorse, leve Oll'inilo off ini mediately for thie eastern pier, noi as we hopped along from stone to stone, owe could see evidenee'of'the strenhlllrir't'Ii 'id" toori? rh?r~e ner in wt)ihoe "hry ruJrhld'tr;tli'' ftlive beea was.liilnirips rth ?l I "q'he'Ooverntnle aos eere employed ii setting things in order again, the hearvy stones beinge plaed in te nap.. At tlre Jun"'fthtl pier rre?i a few fiillerelrr udit tht sey o1 thrioports feulcr loi ened ti tire eightr of a few sihnloppe r caughtol tihe end of tepie., since tihe preoecee is attribnted to tleir liking for tihe ilrnacles tlhat adhere to the stonework. There was a good ieptlh of orr. ie the chinioel,( pit !u algia "|ros apvlupeones the"rde ere a ni n ni ril 4lh tle'opeiOi:g'oradrds helend fthrpier. Several men were in ii: rout in tie channel selarching for thle anocliorielonging to.tIre dreldge, anld to prevent tie eurrent carrying them out they werel atayled:to:o rrdpeibln ahore. At thIe othler side of tlie riverr were tie mcin builliriL tIre liii rice r witp l atn'c- fta 'Carpeintea barge. This Inr ier, ,yiu 4 h c ri i 1'rlh o uriss tl.rivrer, is .only ?;roe vaiter fr: sheortlistanee from each alnk,' and from siriat• I' ound gsther, the contractors, unless advised olherwise, are tostop filling lia at the end of this'month. lessres Steel and Finlay, lwho thad htely visited thIe works, expressed tlieniselves as sbtrli!t'ofIr "s'tl hi iers of toe usirlrtakihg. linut' o orie very rilpirtiht' liatter Mlr Steel is, I rrcr, at variance wijti everylinly else, singiiigdriprnhl,!il men. ri'phll r vFeu traving local khn'roljer't lle does nutasen irhe'ineea. Sity for the Irrrier aceross Reevres River, as o1f'!Oh nl'tiu'sfajylth.rec wao quitte-as rnunlc vateir gong on;tr of· theile nol' eitsCe iount ohilieiret, .From the ree i the oceihenh piee; arid ili'ee isa 'igor lnreighl n e tmhl orrel ra ring in ird?pth fe,?p I Orts I9 feet, . ,lThere was an indivatiridi'of cl?l'w water in the togthrr here, lbut as soon as they rot, til' will ilirppear. ThIe elilnnel is 400 feet nide on th'st~lr'gl'lhj"' i hut rreei'.njc_, rh-un to aOut fuCt.tfrbufrhe 'tiie sear Fro' iwrvwater line, tho'di?itern pier pi-ij.tti into thie sea abiut 500 feet, and thie western pier aho:,th35O0.'.rAt prisnt thie eaeternlpier is thie longer, blut a length of ab utt250 feet cf thie wjtiani, r?hlbu war, Cyrhial awrly,,.i to lie rn ti'?ll,! ?n, tehreis raine men. in vited for this work. A stone Irrii uhbouat 1000 feet ir l hgth is reing construicted froam Ililllo In ?ls' arnc re Sleeves lf iver. There is a lr ldirter 'ltirier off ;0 feO t letween BituockhTlaud al?il tile linaii land. Iu order to concentrate thie wvatrs in thie directirn'of the ne entrance, theie two bhrriers are ilneessoary. It h is Leen said thint an opnciiig ,ii iolitt 80) feet will be left in this tiridi, biit arccoinilhig to thle original schellne this his Iot bein iprovided folr. Trile barrier wnill li . alout two feet alove waiter, so th.it aon iliuiu ll tay h u?a o. l woul low over it. It is expectel thalt this erork will be firnished iu a' rut two monuths' tilne. The old entrance would probably close op if the barrier were not erected, but it is quite po, eible it.wonl break out againq) ý hea'y flbotir'"irred, inasmuch as the ?ihli )inlet higha nt he le n to arry off alnil the water. Then egain; if the bIarrier were so high las tt,rprerent the flood waters from flowing qSer it, the whlC of the newlIorks wodldi h4 enIdaigedredl )t is intoerel therefore 'to forma lie wash from the centre of the barrier, and thiq will act as a sort of safety valve. The river flows freely at Jimmyrr Polr', ,nt by tlrh tie the 'aten retclhes the old eyitr.anc.. there-( pd forejleft, en acr'oant prf 'thei anage.IbI h .new entrance all this soakane \will lie avoided, as there is not the sine shallow hank 7.n +srt ?fnl r ilhohwn. Nor is there N.'" lr.' r gt'E p til, case near the ohil eitr.mce. At tile latter, the wter rnsn' through ti sco ,lurn extent that it form tA ?'iiiksrel].d: Ti'e opini: n of practical casensi that the'beW"tntranich will 1 'k:;e, maIennent opening. It was by inomeanes nticipatcr thatit weould be'Apened/ k'itli6lhtc by the force of thbin~t'ah. bdit2ltii tiigh that the new openng coulid not he male until September; alth'ngh itiede' tJil% Irif sible wemnight hlave htd a flood at nn time which would have enabled- an- opening on bi formed. However, it was believed that ire woutl have had to wait until the anovi mehled on the mpnntains and causet a o?od. Ttle plan ,apptad would batse hien Io re move at michil of the barrier as could be lorei hy meanl o[ i ashove e, r?hoPd edgle wodild'thet iiv follovedil an?l cui? through. and? tile forc?'of' the currett of: te,rejver would have soured te' channel outward instead of inwards ass ags been tlt cpel.. If l the ea had Irrilie?i lhroughh th h be hrrirr when the rtver' wis low, the chances are that a bar would have be?' fomced, bo the fact of there Ihing agoodt fresh' in thie tiver when thle storm oeicurred, these tri circumin tannees kept titi channel clier. ("" Wed nstday fire Schooners went ant iof tlleirnew channel, asid two cane in, and on Thhrhday the steamer Nell ecessed the hir en route to Port Albert. And now for Afew particulars in regard to tte work which terminated'so auisfactorily on'the tnight lof the 14th inac. Prons infoirmaton sppplipd, it appeare that the worek wei firauiiamnimeneid in 1869, whent Mr Carpen'er ..Jlthe rLuccesfuLtcndere for ci?itrcitind piers across the sand hum. mocks.-u'ietompletel the job in 1872 Abonrt?tex mbonfts aff, be haI a further' contract for excavatilg a channel through ti tile sea, buint Iefore all the sand had hben takei nout - heavy ses broke in qndt filld it aup; ?g.ith Tihe work then rui stinl in aieyance fpr segral years, rihellt Messrs iarnawortity and Smith were the Sanceeenfia tendlerers for extendinithe piers searwnrd and taking out the remsainder of the sand. When they h??fitaihed et t ir oncrt, Mensrs Carpent'ernd Sai p thin ridr 'or tbe nextj jo, ohhcoht'ited f n rthe xtellnding tie It?rat were "d e l. They hal another cofitract in addlition to this, and while the work was in progresa'a storm carried away 1 portin ttfteFswed ra pies, andthe ntilEt jsed~ ths mishap to the extent of £1,000. Piles anil atone were required in the formatit)boflhe work. Tile former, which'ire- all of 'ino bark, were easily obtainable frome the ranges itn the vicinity, but great dillienlty was ex. perienced in obtaining the stone which itmiy hi mentioned had been.lreiait a dtanirce of 30 miles. About six mrnths sgn the barrier between the piers was erdicleted. It con sisted of about 12,000 bils of sandeand was mnade for the pnrpo's of preventing the sia breaking through into the channel. In the meantime the dredge was at work ip the cihannel, but,a constnt ftft? IdRtt bo kept on the barriet, a h??h?,cy lei?nitl3iiow and again wash away the hags, and these ha to -e, replaced. From the Friday prior the storm, rough weather was experiene and duMijg Athaawerk }botk 2,000 bags ra to lie ceeb 4 erV, 3tfe1i Ceiapnter and S had two men wat lbin; tile barriero oFrida night, qiia aleaut fit mintes to eight they: first. ol,+Jvd?,d*tbes?ll' lreaking thmegh i They immediately rushed to Mr Carpenter hbnu0etOr.iform.himanud.-hafora-they- had lime to return tile whole barrier had goi like so many feathers. In fact, in halfan hour not a vestige'iemiinem . e~no' of tit bagsewer carried as fjr as tile od Bilat others were depiaited eat.Iteeed ltiver, anal the rest were carried out to sea, and may prolbablly lie seen again at low water. Tihe contractors' working plant was in the chad enel together with tie dredge Wombatat sih time the storm occurred. All were quick?j hurled, naway ,some distanp??p the rires and the'foreo f the-nrrena?.ih he imagined when it is mentioied thietf6nt chains, seveni. eighths of an inch in thickness, which weri fastened to the dredge shipped like glass Tirhe residents becamne alarmed at therapiditj with which the water in the river rose, and in a very short tiine severallhotses and gardens:were flooded. Some very 'api rlescriptions'of the sltormtn reiFei;i y t1 residents to the visitors, and julging from the remarks of the latter in reference to if the sight must have been a grand one. Th dredge ;will no" onuer bq"eqpircllat 1t entrnice, so we weor ilrforiedandfi is plo bable sire will be sent to Eagle Point. At a quirter to three we were homewar1 bound. -Wve bald seen tileba h -nd the eod'i bhihandel,i and`saei sfied 'that everythiing was all it mile up the river we passed what we believed to be a stone large being taken on to;thq entrance works by a tug. From a very civi aereant wergathiefed 'tlat a light would bi placed or' the pier atnonce and that veri shortly a light house would be erected at Jimmy's Point oen a reserve for that purl pose. This courteous gentleman also il! farms ns thai that vetcradtmariner, lilot Quail, who lris ieen stationed here for lmany years is retirip, n a n lications are nost h Cir r alitenja irf emson).. It was a apil tlid t ho bre. 'IJeraingmd wind hIar kept off, nii ire were quite warm ngaip After our scratch tea, we were favored wilt reeitations and sngis from our poetical friend, and recitations by a well known old Saleite, who 27 years ago had taken part inr agitating for the openinlg of the Lakes' tEntrance.r.ffheuanme of us aruirsed ourr. elsotvlo'e\?Plop ? ip S, whilst Shtkespearre' ghost pmurei frtir its eloquence into tile ear of onr firend J J. DPwn tihr b ..abia, Bilyo l'e ifay, r an rl tm rinr the n?it.hm iAtult ceveortiwl*laelgno time of it, attnd as we reared holle we vet tiree Iou.til te co air Lon lkfor h a-,ixions otentsas t wtr ail? to I t o aee iy, bitt presently a youag laiy nanirhbeel thleir rjjonvervno t, wrio. lerihetlher thiere ws pj & ,a hbut i'tlreeoptainle n,1 garncd to lannd us at ine, we lthought it wohll ire all right. The irt?le swung just as we got to it, and soon of thee ,sksl en1e1 Ihn&taiyeg; o S arid coming hank , dbairithi'iseritcht" crew, i?lli rt and" scratch i mieals-fifor hoe e, ?oia h skipper. ' We haddlal a jollyi frip atl ier? oon comfortably at liorir. ' ·.L1 . 