Sclenttflc & ITsefta ' DREAMS AND^ PRESENTIMENTS. ( BY RICHARD A. PROCTOR.) ? ? No. 6. In bII past ages nearly all men have be , lieved in dreams, presentiments, omens, and the like, as enabling them in some degree to foreknow approaching events s and therefore, apart from all other evi -dence, it is practically certain that the belief is erroneous. This, which sounds to most men like a stupendous paradox. or rather an absolute absurdity, is in reality but a common place and commonsense inference from the laws of probability. Wherever judgment on a matter of any difficulty depends on reasoning the majority is bound to be in error ; and the more overwhelming the majority is, the more certain (if it be not a bull to speak of degrees of certainty) is -the opinion of the majority to be erroneous. This may be readily shown by a simple example : — Suppose that a question, is of such- difficulty tliataman of average reason ing power has the same chance of deciding it rightly as he would have of drawing one white ball at random out of an urn contain ing ten balls, all black except that white one. Then if a million such men expressed their several opinions, and it were found that the great majority, Bay 900,000, agreed in one opinion, the chance that that opinion was'the right one would' be the same ' that among l,000,CibO men, all drawing a ball at random from such an urn and replacing it,- a' ^large majority, say 900,000, would draw, the one white ball. .We know that as t matter of fact about 900,000 would ?draw each a blackball, and only about 100,000 would draw 'the white one. ' The ^ ? chahse that 90p,000: would draw the white ' 'ball'i though, not absolutely evanescent, is so small as to be practically naught— the , odds against inch a result being millions of millions of millions to one. So that just as we should feel certain, if 900,000 men ? told us they had all drawn a ball of the same- colour, that that colour was not white, so we might foel certain if 900,000 men out of a million agreed iu arriving at ihe same conclusion (in a matter of even such moderate difficulty as is involved by supposing each to have one chance in ten of deciding rightly) that that conclusion ?was erroneous. I dwell on this consideration at the -outset in 'dealing with dreams and ..pre sentiments, a subject on which antiquity and the great majority of mankind have thought one way, because tho views of those who have reasoned thoughtfully about such matters are often met by the answer that all men, or nearly, all men, have thought otherwise — as if that, state ment were sufficient to meet every argu ment against such commonly held opinions, instead of being itself the most convincing argument of all in their disproof. On dealing next week with thought. reading I Save the reverse cases to consider, for I think a very small minority in. overy a.ju 'have accepted the phenemona of 'thought reading, though the majority have not rendered the reality of mind-reading certain by denying it. My preliminary, proposition must not, however, be mis understood. The opinion held by the majority on many subjects is doubtless ?oorrect. In matters of like difficulty the majority are liable to think rightly; in matters which are obvious they are unanimously right; and, again, ' in matters which are entirely out side the range of ordinary investiga tion, such as ,'? the facts and laws of science; the majority accept the. teachings of the few who have observed, experi mented, and calculated, and so uaunlly go right. But with the limitations I have ' indicated, the proposition is demonstrably true. that the opinion of the majorityMn any question of difficulty is cerl.ain to be' erroneous. If the facts and laws which form the science of to-day were left to be judged by the reasoning of all men, un biassed and uninfluenced by authority, there can be no doubt that they would all be judged erroneously. ' All men, or nearly all, ;would like to foreknow the future, espacially those future events which will affect their own lives, and, above all I think, the time and manner of. their death. Most men now, as in past ages; ?Dnsider such foreknowledge possible. Some power, bearing the same relation to the future that memory bears , . to the past,; seems to ' them! not.- only con ceivable* .but 'natural; - And, .indeed, it is certain that ' -were our reasoning powers infinite we should find the future no less clearly present in itsforms than .the past is present in . its effects. The trouble is that our reasoning powers are not infinite. We cannot estimate the consequences eyen^of' many things about which we know, and we are' entirely ignorant of many things whioh we should have to know in order to predetermine future events, even on a very limited scale. Wo should find it equally diffi cult (that is, , impossible) to ascertain what had happened in the past, if we had only the present condition of things ?from which to judge as to those previous events whioh led- to them. We really know of tho paBt only through, records, whether in the material of our brains (in the case of events which we remember as happening within our own knowledge) or spoken or written. It is tho entire 'want of anything akin to this in regard to coming events which makes pre knowledge so utterly unlike the knowlodge ? of the past. The astronomer can foretell certain future events, as eclipses, returns of known comets, eto-., as readily as he can calculate backwards to events, perhaps loft quite without record, which happened in' the past; but astronomy's memory has a vnrv different, hold on events aotuallv recorded, whilo (correspondingly) astro nomy is quite unable to predict thousands of astronomical events which will happen during the coming year. If astronomy, which of all sciences has the fullest power of precise prediction, is thus helpless in regard to the great majority of coming events, it will be judged now baseless is the hope that outside the range of science the power of precise prediction should be possible, or some method for such pre diction conceivable. It may be noticed indeed, in passing that the outskirts of science are infested by the ignorance which expects a power of predic tion without 'the preliminary knowledge on which precise predictions can alone be based. In meteorology we have foolish folk expecting to obtain the power of pre dicting weather from sunspots (themselves impredictable), not to consider tho Ven nors, Tices, Wigginses, et id genus omne, who have from even deeper depths of ignorance attempted to'' delude others, being first deluded themselves, into the belief that they can foretell storms months in advance. Others, or in some cases the same ill-informed persons, have imagined a power of foretelling earthquakes, plagues, famines, and so forth, with a versatile folly which would be sickening were it not mani festly outside its owner's control. Faith in dreams as indications of the future was once all but universal. Of course men found themselves obliged to recognise that most dreams are meaning less—or at least that no meaning could be found in them, even if any existed. But it was easy to devise some such explana tion of thiB as is supplied in the JEuead, where Virgil presents the philosophy of his age in regard to dreams in dividing them into classes, those which pass through the' gate of horn, and those which pass through' the gate of ivory — dreams which have a meaning (for those at least who know how to interpret them) and those which have none that can be recognised. It is because dreams are mysterious that they seem fitly to suggest ideas about the ' mysterious future. Men supposed that dreams of the significant type were brought to the sleeper from the realm of spirits or of shades— the upper world where the souls (or the 'breaths', which seemed to them the souls) of the dead had passed at death, the lower world where the shadows of their bodily part had de scended. Such visitants they regarded as able to tell the sleeper about the .future in dreams. In some oases they supposed that angelic visitants, or actual messengers from Heaven, wers sent to imparb-during sleep- information about coming events. Such was the dream (personified) sent to Agamemnon* from Olympus — but sent to mislead him, not to guide him right, Æneas, visited in a dream by the spirit of Anchises, was more fortunate than Agamemnon. Though, in passing, it ia worth remarking how in past age3, even as now, a 'most convenient belief respecting the fulfilment of dreams either by what they foretold or ' by con traries ' enabled men to retain their faith, in the face even of what might seem the most decisive evidence that dreams connot be trusted. This easy fitting doctrine is aptly illustrated by the story of the Irishwoman who told her master and mistress one morning that Bhe had dreamed the former had given her an oince of sunff and the latter a pound of tea. ' But,' said.her mistress, ' don't you know, Bridget, dreams always go by con traries ?' ' Och sure, thin, that's so ma'am,' replied the complaisant Biddy, 'and -it's you will give me the ounce of snuff, and the maister will give me the tay.' 'Faith in dreams was an important part of the belief , of ancient races, and accord ingly supplied those who claim to regu late such beliefs and to posses super natural powers in regard to tho .'unknown with a powerful means of influencing deluded believers. In this way- oracles gained credit as — in some cases-^inspired by holy dreams. Some undertook to in terpret .dreams, others went even further, and claimed a power not. only, of inter, pretin* dreams which believers disclosed to them, but of recalling dreams which had been forgotten by the dreamer. him- self. We need not enquire into the details of special instances in which such powers are. said to have been displayed. It is within men's right to suppose that in par ticular cases ' either kind of power 'was miraculously bestowed on holy men living among superstitious.' races;; or . on the 'other hand we may regard such stories as enabling us to measure the development of the human race in reasoning power since the days when they were generally accepted. All that concerns us here is to note the evidence which shows that suoh powers .--,. were ascribed to the priesthood and magi, generally, not regarded as special or miraculous. Nebuchadnezzar, who had apparently been content for years with the pretended interpretations of his dreams supplied by Chaldean magi, begins to suspect them, and is prepared to kill them all, so soon as he finds that they cannot accomplish what he apparently regarded (and naturally enough) as quite as easy a task, viz., recalling a dream which he had for gotten. We all know the feeling of annoyance which comes upon us when on waking we remember only that we have had a most impressive dream but find all recollection of it has passed away. How convenient to have by us a college of magi reallyable to interpret dreams ; for surely with'' that power the magi must also possess the power of recalling a dreanf which has been forgotten. So at any rate thought Nebuchadnezzar, and he was very 'naturally indignant when the magi proved unequal to tbe emergency. (Daniel's . success . may be interpreted either -by miracle, by thought reading, or as indicating some incomplete ness in tho narrative ; the fact that Nebuchadnezzer, sharing doubtless the belief of his day, expected the average' Chaldean interpreter to resolve his doubts, remains not less instructive andsuggestive, whatever opinion we form about Daniel's remarkable achievement). ? It is manifest, in all stories as well as in all discussions about dreams, until quite, recent times,' that the general pro position according to which dreams of certain orders were portents, was accepted. We find this belief regarded in Egyptian hieroglyphics, in Assyrian cuneiform in scriptions, in the ancient Hebrew records, in Greek and Roman literature, and in all the variegated reading which belongs to mediteval times. Cicero argues the case for dreams with illustrative instances which iu our days would be thought weak even by believers. Chaucer reasons on the subject in his Canterbury Tales, though there may be some slight token that his better sense went against belief in dreams, in the fact that the reasoning is assigned to the Nonne Prieste, and given as a feminine argument in the charming little story about Chaunticlere and Dame Partelet, his wife. It is tolerably evident that Shakespeare believed in dreams, as he he did in omens, prognostications,, pre sentiments, and so forth. For though the remarks indicating such belief are placed in the mouths of divers charac ters to whom he, as it were, assigns the belief, yet there is something of affecta tion in that way of treating Shakespeare's dramatic works which will allow him no personal share in any of the opinions ex pressed. [The mistake seems almost as great, if not quite be absurd, as that made by persons who say Shakespeare says so and so, when in reality the opinion is assigned by him to some villain like Shylock, Iago, or (that lesser Iago) Iachimo, or .to some egotist or fatuous idiot like Malvollo or Cloten. The effect of such Shakespearean reading is scarcely less' absurd than it would be were we told that suicide is commended in the Bible, seeing that it tells us that ' Judas went and hanged himself,' and perti nently adds, ' go thou and do likewise.'] Yet though Shakespeare again . and again shows that he himself believed in omens and portents, in dreams and pro phetic visions, he shows also that he recognised clearly enough the principles that should guide us in dealing with such matters. 'When the prodigies,' he say's, ' Do be conjointly meet, let not men say, These are their reasons— they are natural. It is the conjoint meeting of strange portents that he insists upon. He accepted the records which seemed to show. that such portents had been conjoined at the time (for example) when Caesar's death was approaching; and, this granted, his in ference was reasonable enough. He says, or makes Cassius (observe no longer Casca) say: — ? If you would consider the true cause Why all these fires, why nil those gliding ghosts, Why birds and besets from quality and kind, Why old men, fools, and children oaloalato, Why all these things change from their ordi nance, Their natures and preformed faculties To monstrous quality ; why, tho a you shall find That Heaven hath infused them with theso spirits To make them Instruments of fear and warning Uuto noine monstrous itate. ? Granted the premises and the conclusion is reasonable enough; but the coincidences referred to have either never occurred to human knowledge or have occurred just so often as the multitudinous events recorded in history make /them ctrtain to occur; And then there has been no portent, only the concurrence of strange events a certain small number of times among thousands of times when they have occurred without concurrence. Now that we know how dreams are caused and what they signify, we are able to reject with confidence the idea that they can afford trustworthy indications of events to come. They are products of the past, not portents of the future — unless indeed we regard some few as presenting pictures of the present. In nearly all dreams the partly active brain is at work on impressions made upon it in the past, distant or near. And because the brain, is not wholly at work, there is usually little cbrigruity in the pic tures presented. Not only are connecting links absent which would render the series of: thoughts congruous and reasonable ; ?but, i perhaps because of this defect, the parts of the scene presented are apt to belong tj different eras. Thus V man will dream of being saved by his wife, or by. one of his children) from dream punish ment by the master who taught him in his boyhood ; and in this he will find no incongruity. If in his waking hours he has no recollection of the scenes pour tray ed in his dreams from' impressions re lating to a far distant time, he is apt to regard the pourtrayal as relating to some thing quite new, something to take place Hereafter. But sometimes, even in suoh cases, he may learn from older persons that such events really occurred as sug gested theso seemingly original dreams. I frequently related to my mother when I was a boy dreams which seemed to mo wild and strange, to hear from her that corresponding events had happened to me when I was but two or three years old. Once_ I described^ a ridiculous group of wooden-legged and one-armed men in what seemed to my childish fancy — I was about seven years old— an absurd costume — viz., that of the Chelsea Pensioners ; but not only did my mother and an elder sister tell me just whero I had seen the group, but later I saw it with my own eyes, over a doorway, in Paradise Kow, Old Chelsea. Now, if I had not been told of this, and my dream so explained, it might very well have happened that after wards some interesting event occurring at or near the time when I saw again the group, forgotten as one I had Been before but remembered vividly as a dream picture, I might have supposed the dream a fore shadowing of that event'. I doubt not that many cases of the apparent appearance in a dream of things never before seen to the 'dreamer's waking recollection may be thus explained. That in a dream the future Bhould be actually indicated in matters of detail beyond the range of any power of natural anticipation (that is by reasoning, or by whatsoever in man corresponds with in stinct) is, of course, impossible except by miracle ; and in these nutters science ex cludes miracles, which is but fair, seeing what unwilling visitors they have ever been. There is no natural or physical way in which the definite details of an event that has not yet huppenod can bo pictured on the brain. But there have beendreams sosingulatly corresponding with events happening simultaneously at a distance (as after wards described) as to suggest that some thing more than coincidence was in question. Prosentitnents, like dreams, are in reality products of the past, not fore shadowings of the future, though of course the future may correspond with them. In some cases thero seems evidence that presentiments (to use a convenient bub incorrect word) correspond with events simultaneously occurring at a distance. But such presentiments, like the dreams just mentioned, have no value as indica tions of tbe future, and therefore do not concern us here. They belong to my next subject. Underlying the belief in dreams (as indicating future events), prognostics, presentiments, omens, etc., etc., lies the misapprehension of the true signifi cance of coincidences. Science depends absolutely on the careful noting and correct interpretation of coincidences ; but fancies such as faith in dreams and' the like depend on the incorrect interpretation of coincidences often carelessly noted. Tbe believers in dreams do not observe that such coincidences as those on which they pin their faith are bound to occur from time to time. Consider, for example, the immense number of dreams and the infinite number of events occur ring each year. It may be fairly estimated that among the civilised races of the earth at least thirty inillims of more or less definite dreams are dreamed in each of the twenty-four hours, or in a year more than five thousand millions of dreams. Is it then wonderful that among the multitudinous events occurring all t-ie time some should seem to correspond with dreams which tookplace sh ortly before? Is it not natural that when such coinci dences have been noticed the story should be widely repeated, and should presently be greatly improved? In coincidences which are thus bound to occur, and sure to be developed into still more striking foreshadowings, we havo a sufficient ex planation of all recorded cases of dream fulfilment. 