AMERICAN NOTES. The State University of Oregon has 150 women students. Two American women have just been licensed as captains of vessels. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney is about to write the life of the late Mies Louisa M. Aloott the American authoress. Mrs. Reagan, who acts as her husband s private secretary, is entitled on all occasions to o*cupy a place on the flocr of the United States Senate, where no other woman is ad mitted. Miss E. Wsrner, author of "The Wide, Wide World," wrote her books in her ham mock under the trees at West Point, one of the most beautiful spots on the Hudson River. Dr. Mary M'Crillis, a graduate of Boston University, has been appointed superintendent of the National Temperance Hospital. Another lady, Dr. Besaio Cushman, is tbe new resident physioian. Mrs. Miller, a large landowner in Colorado, steadily refuses to let any of her land for hotel Eurpoees. Two thousand dollars was offered er in vain for a site for a saloon. A National Association of medioal women, for tho United States, has been formed, and one of the chief aims of that association is to inves tigate the vital questions of marriage, mother hood, &c.; Somo women in New York have formed themselves into a " Kindly Committee" to help needy people—particularly those of their own sex—living in the country to obtain employ ment. A bill has recently been presented to the American Legislature by the New York Working Women's Society, with the object of having women inspectors appointed for fac tories. Mrs. Cleveland is engaged in translating a Frenoh novel into English. Miss Lillio Devereux Blake has been deliver ing a course of lectures in New York on " The Pilgrim Mothers." She is one of the few ladies in the Southern States who Btrongly support the cause of woman suffrage. Misses Mary and Carrie Hastings, nieces of ex-President Cleveland, aro both working women. The former is a teacher in the Houghton Seminary and the latter, who has considerable talent for painting, is studying art in New York. Miss Charlotte Porter is the editor-in-chief of a new monthly magazine about to be pub lished in Philadelphia by the Lippinoott Com pany, entitled "Poet Lore." It will be devoted to the study of Shakspeare, Browning, and other great poets, and to the comparative study of literature. Miss Mary M'Phereon, of New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, has jußt been appointed steno grapher to the Provinoial Secretary. This is said to be tbe first time that any Government situation in Canada or the provinces has been bestowed upon a woman. A daughter of Mr. Frith, R.A., writes ghost stories for one of the Canadian newspapers under the nam dc plume of " Walter Powell. The managers of the Ladies' College at Ontario, Canada, make a great point of sup plying the students with plenty of means for physical exercise. On tho grounds of the establishment there are a skating rink, tennis lawn, toboggan elide, riding school, and gymnasium. If the intellectual curriculum is equally attractive, the inmates of the oollege ought to become very accomplished women. , „ The daughter of a clergyman in the small Canadian town of Belleville ia striving to beoome a barrister. The young lady, who ia described as exceedingly woll educated, gave up her post as a sohool teacher, and, ob taining her father's oonsent, interviewed in turn all the lawyers of the town. They aU, however, refused to assist her in entering the Srofession, but the young lady remains un eterrcd, and intends to carry out her resolve. 