CHARLEY'S FIDDLE. BY RonERT C. METERS. It is no matter to what army, North or South, the drummer-boy belonged. Young he was, his fair skin tanned by the grim old sum, his blue eyes shinilg out, like very forget-me nots,..in the dull, dark. surmroundings. -They mid.-of hilnnui-camp that he h as s boy, ond surely they treated phim in their xrough way, like a child. Sunburnt men called him Charley;' talked with him; spoke of scenes far away, where those with whom these sun burnt men loved more than anything else in the world lived; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, less un sophisticated companions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them confide in him. There was even a rumour that handy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared lor and experienced im war. It is not so. Aroundctionp-fires, in dima laces at night, when the tramnp, tramp, tramp of the scistty seems ghostly, anl dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, and loss, and hope remembered and told to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death-deliver ing sound of cannioon, or swift whisrtl of the rifle-ball. Thus was Charley, the drunmer-boy. sa cyclopmdia of the gentler thoughts of the soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the camup, and the kindly stars were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there would come .a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game at cards, or their wild talk, smile, mnaybe, a little, and say, ' That's Charley's fiddle !' And did any one take the troulle to look for the boy, he might be seen perched up on a ledge of rock, or sitting flat on the ground, his chin pressed down, anai his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he remembered. and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fearful mischance into camp. So, here among the purple shadows. when the fire on the outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happiness, the same as miles away they were being played and sung by laughing, care less people in the crowded cities, fied with the rumours of war, not understood, but appre ciated. But Charley had never been in an engage ment as yet, and the men said, 'Don't be so anxious, boy; it'll all come soon enough !' And it dill come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only it was too monotonous. He also told the boys that his amlt was the only relative he had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she wars 'mortal angry with him' for going away from her for, somehow or other, he guessed she ' sort o' liked him.' That was all be told them, and they got quite a joke up about ' Aunt Teddy,' and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, whein they saw him writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her.' 'You don't know her,' said Charley.. oryou wouldn't make so light of it. Why, she could take any of you singl ?.handed, sand you'd never know what hurt you.' And so le wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle! Well, it seemed part of hhn. He lovedit! Heo alovd the miserable littletunes he could play on'it : he loved to sit down anywhere, and .at aniy t'm:, and etrike up one of those little tunes, and slay, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut has, not to mention human fingers and patience. Itoe would 'pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and his blue eves would flash as his hand swept over the strings. And the time went on; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up. " The day came when there were preparations for a battle going oun: the enemy were sur rounding them; and Charley was- glad, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, anid picket duty was not sentimental any mnore-ex ceptthat- it wans tragic. Two meno had boon picked off by scouts. and the grim faces of the boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cool night,- while the long; white streets of thacamp glistened in the moon light, andit was not yet-time for the men to turn in, Charley was seen by Sandy Green busily writing a letter on hisdrum-head. 'For Aunt Ted, Charley?' asked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, andlaughed. Then the old man stood there watching him for a long time. He saw the pleasant, brown face, withthe blue eyes bent over the writing and he was arough, avery rough man, mind you!--a tall, ungainly, ' red-haired backwoods man, older than middle life, too; and one to whom trouble was no account; because it must b: surmounted. And yet he stood here, in the early moonlight, watching the drummerboy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley lookedup when he had finished. 'Ho, Sandy ! you there yet!' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. ' Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for rie. Will you do it ? You've got more chances than Ihave.' So Sandy took the letter, andsaid, asheturned to Charley: ' Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrmbmage to-morrow ?' Yes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about the battles that had been fought before; he listened, andwasbright and chirpy over the stories; and the older man warmed sith his subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting him on the back. S'-You'll do, Charley !' he said. i And now givens a tune, for who knows-well, give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, hisaeud on his hand. Then a tune, lightand gay, went forth from the little fiddle ! And the tune went onr and on, till the stars blinked, and grow brighter; and all at once Sandy said: 'Say, Charley ! Give us the song you played lastnight.' There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came the old tune of ' Home, Sweet Home,' softly and slowly played, filling the' air around, and touching with kd fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he osat there balanced on the drum, and Sandy Green's hand was pressed hardinto his head. And the tune went on and on, and the stars soarkled, the crickets chirped peacefully, whenr all at once, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Sandy was on his feet, Charley's drum was in his hand-ancd the enemy was on Who can tell of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were'blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly up to the sky ; the deadhands clutelingthe grass; the soiled aad torn clothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had fiutteredoout? Long into the day it lasted; and there were no more birds' songs head. The white streets of the camp were gone, and a con fused mass of men, some wounded, and allbitter, were here instead. And the fight had ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were -victorious. Throughout the fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. Theyremembered seeing young Clarleyhatlaess, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been small order--t could not be otherwise. And some of them said lie had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence; those were not his drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll-many men who would answer to but one roll- call more-themighty Roll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there was no response; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll wenut; and at last Sandy Green's name was called-no answer. Again it was called, and then-then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming, limping up thie lill, Charley onr his shoulders, white and wild. The men cheered--es, they did they cheered ! And Sandy stood in the midst of them, his leg wounded by a ball, and'told how he had been found by Charley when a biyonetwas going to make an end of him, but that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, strange to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken him on his shoulder, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called his name; but a blank look was all the reply he had received. Charley's mind hadstopped. There hlie was, looking at the men, a smile on his face, but an unmeaning light in iis blue eyes. They looked at him, they shook hire by the hand; but lie said nothing-ihe recognised no one. Tihe surgeon came, and shook his head. ' Fright!' he said. But Sandy Green cried: ' e it.s f lie, begging your pardon! The boy wasunt f?ihtenea.' .:For _9alt that,. it made small- difference to Charley. Day by day, as. this portion of the army made entrenchments where theov were, and prepared for win terquarters, for thispointmust be gu:u ded, Charley loitered about the hospital, not sick. nrot ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of the boys had hunted for his fiddle, but only the fragments and the strings were left, and these Sandy Green had taken charge of, as hie lay in his cot; for, said he, 'The sight of these things might make the boy worse.' The surgeons studied the case. It was new to them: a tine opportunity for experiment; and experiment they did, and madrle nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, rmrissingnothing he had before known. The menr, when they met hln, called out, 'Hi, Charley!' and lie seemed to be pleased at that -noth:g more. Often they would look at him, speiak of him, foy- you see they had all so liked lhim. And Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though his manner was as gruff and rude as After a while the surgeons came to a strange conclusion. They said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise orn that eventful evening that night when iei had seen a fight, was a blank. They said there was no bridge to con nect the time before and the time after that terrible experience. Thley cited vast authorities, and confused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley as though lie were a ghost. Onrr day Sandly Green, feeling in his pocket, found tie letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it, lie went for paper and pencil immediately. That night Ihe told the boys ihe had written to Charleys aunt, getting the direction from Charley's unposted letter. 'Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys,' said some of them, in faint rmembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. 'Sandy Green has written to her, telling her all about the boy.' Lo! lo! A few days after, a tall apparition, gauirt and grim, draped in grey, made its ap pearance in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan; ind in less th in an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come. All who could -sauntered past the window, just to peep at her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look was something dreadful; and it was everywhere at once. They were afraid of her. The might face the enemy,but'Aunt Teddy was something more. AntI Charley ? She just went up to the poor lad, and took his face between her two bony hands. 'Charley!' she said. And hie turned his smiling, mieaningless fice to her, and laughed low, :ind did not know her. She sat quietly down, and rocked herself to and fro. No! Aunt Teddy could donothing either. So the days wore on, and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, holding his hand in hers, and looking fiercely about ier like a lioness guarding her young. She would not have hin stir from her, iand lie seemned perfectly contented beside her. And when the men saw her sitting there. fierce and on guard, holding tie boy's hand in her own. and he smiling and happy-looking, ohey felt a luiip in their throats: andt i a way tey rcespected Arunt Teddy more than if she hnadl cried over himr, calling him loving names. for they saw strength bhereo, like their own strength of protection. And, do you know, it was said that when sandy Green saw her coming in that day, he hIrobbled out as last as he could, and with a white ficeo; anld hie would not go nearr her when she asked for the man who -had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her the gaunt, grim appairition. To the doctors she was a little mere con ciliating; and, although sire told them they did nrot know their business, yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's hand frorm hers to give it a friendly shake she said: 'Don't, plearse! twantto hold him to me, for he's all I've got.' And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in his throat. If we could awaken Charleyto some memory of tihe past.' said this doctorto her one irday 'if we corld hring him back to thie day before the fight-if he could recognise somethingh had ktnown then, we might save him, perhaps.' 'I'mr not a rici womani.' was the reply, 'but I'll .write, this irstanca- to my agent t sell my house. Aind that inoney-all I have in tie world-I'll give to thie man who brings my boy bace to me.' Now this was duly reported about camp-all this andmore. And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook his head grufly. But in the middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed, mid osearched round, and found an old, fiat cigar- box. All the next day'he worked. at the box, I worked mysteriously andkept lookers-n away. For two days he scraped atit. On thie third Charley was togo away with his aunt, for she I had determined to take him home. On this last evening Sandy Green was:'eeih lurking about the hospital; and once, when o : Aunt Teddy rose anl went to see about some final preparations for departure, he darted.in, caught Charley by the hand, and limping swiftly away with hon, took hirm to a knoll far off- : took him to a drum laid sidewise on the grou'nd, and seating him there, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely like a violin, the strings of Charley's owni lost instrument stretched upon it. Then lie brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Chorley, and she was followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them, They stopped, motionless. Then slowly,. laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tune of 'Home, Sweet Home,' rudely and brokenly played; but there it was -there it was ! The smile on Charley's face faded out, like the light of the ignis ji?iurs. A startled ex pression came instead: he leaned forward--he listened. The boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ' Aunt Teddy !' he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his lkees, crying wildly. The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the baand, for he had done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every iman of them, went up to Sandy, and wrrng his hand.. He had let the fiddle fall to -.the ground, -.and his rough face. was seamed with tears. 'Here !-somebody lead me to Sandy Green!' cried a voice, the voice of hlarley's aunt; -' for I can't see, I'm crying so hard and my legs are clean gone from me!' And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, but not before Charley had caught both Sandys hands in his. And what did AuntTeddy do? Shoe just threw .. her asms around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding kiss, before all the boys too ! And from a score of strong throats came' a c' Three cheers for Sandy Green--and a tiger!' And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house, as a reward for ' any one who could save her - boy.' b e cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there-' and'often is seen there by Sandy Green and others-and it is christened ' COanrsx's F?nLE.'- Tfeekly Budget. - 