Old World Sport. (BY " COORAMIN.") LONDON, JUNE 21.--Even in the most adverse circum- stances Ascot never fails in attractiveness; and when favored by glorious sunshine it presents, especially on Cup Day, a picture which is not to be equalled elsewhere on the face of the globe. Even Longchamps in all its glory on the Grand Prix Sunday must "pale its ineffectual fires" before the splendor of the Royal meeting. From first to last the present anniversary has been from every point of view an unqualified success; while as far as the attendance is concerned it has never been approached. If any fault could be found it is that the quality of the horses contest- ing such time-honored events as the Gold Cup, Alexander Plate, and Hardwick Stakes are of comparatively a poor class, as judged by the standard of bygone years. But what of that P People no longer go a-racing at Ascot for racing sake; for it is now regarded almost entirely asa social function, with the geegees thrown in for the amusement and profit (or more frequently loss) of those benighted people who see more charm in tho struggle of a dozen or so of horses over six furlongs than in the glorious display of England's beauty on the lawn and in the Boyal inclosure. A fig for Büch folk. They are unworthy of notice. Let them stick to their Newmarket, their Kempton Park, or Man chester, and gamblo their to their hearts' content, and leave to the ladies their adorable Ascot. lt has often struck me as being most remarkable that by some extraordinary process of natural selection English ladies seem to divide themselves into two classes-the beautiful and tho unlovely ; and while ono year the beauties are ina majority, the next year, perhaps, you won't meet more than a dozen even tolerably good-looking ones. This year was decidedly a beauties' year. Everybody of note was, of courso, there. Tho Boyal in closure was tilled, and tho lawn and grandstand packod to overflowing. Tho Royal procession was quito an imposing one oach day; and on Thursday it waa oxtra smart, as be came tho anniversary of the Quoon's accession. Tho Princess of Wales was, as usual, dressed to perfection ; her gown on tho Cup day being of creamy whito, embroidered in gold. Hor daughters are always charmingly yet simply arrayed. H.1Í.H, wore a gray suit, frock coat, &c.; Only one or two men essayed whito duck " continuations," but though they looked cool the weavers were evidently uncomfortable, as well-dressed men eschew such garments, and tall hats and frock coats aro de rigueur on swell days at Ascot. Donovan, of course, made short work of his opponents in the Prince of Wales's Stakes ; and tho way he walked away from them when Fred. Barrett let his hoad looso was a treat to witness. Certainly ho had nothing more formidable to meet than Enthusiast, Gold and Indian Star, but a iiorse can do no more than win in a canter. The Leger looks more than cvor at his morey, and pro vided ho comes to tho post flt and well, he will probably start the hottest favorite on record. A poor field of three, Morglay, Curraghmore, and Claymoro contested the race for tho Gold Vaso ; and they finished in thc order named. In point of numbers the field for the Ascot Stakes was a very good one, as a dozen faced Lord Marcus Beresford. Ringmaster was supposed to have a good chance; and for some weeks in what little ante-post betting there was he had figured high up in the quotations. But somehow on the day he went as bad in the market as he subsequently did in the race. Exmoor in spite of his character as a rogue was served up very hot at the last. But he once more failed to land Walter Blake's colors in front, though as far as behavior is concerned he did not on this occasion try to eat a jockey or to mangle a horse. It was, I suppose, under the belief that he could stay "till the cows come home" that, though the distance was two miles, Ringmaster was sent out in front as if he had only six furlongs to travel. The consequence was that he was tailed off after going a mile. At the bend for home the race was reduced to a match between Lord Lorne and Ashplant ; and, though the latter for a moment looked like winning, the Lord outstayed him and won by a neck ; a popular victory, as Sir Robert Jardine is a straight goer. He has a kind of mortgage on the stakes, having won them with Teviotdale in 1881-2, with Ishmael in 1883, with Greenbank in '84, and now with Lord Lorne. The neat Semolina once more carried the Duke of Port land's colors to victory in the 32ud Biennial, which she j won by sheer gameness and rosolution. It was ono of tho most interesting races of tho day-or of thc meeting, for that mattor-as tho starters included Somolina, Surofoot, and Heresy. Tho two last-named had run first and second in the Woodcote Stakes at Epsom, andaro both very smart. That running was confirmed on this occasion, as Surefoot once moro finished in front of Lord Calthorpo's filly, and what is moro gavo Somolina a lot of trouble. In fact ho hold the load until tho last few strides, when Somolina would not bo denied ; and running on as true a3 steel, sho just won by a hoad, thus preserving her unbeaten certificate, and proving that she, j if small, is " all heart and no peel." Surofoot, who is by Wisdom out of a maro by Galopin, out of Miss Foote, is a real good ono, too ; and ho and Semolina aro decidedly thc two best 2-years-olds we have seen. Heresy ls fast, but cannot stay. And so here endeth thc first chapter. There was a slight falling off in the strength of the fields on the second day. But otherwise it was as successful as could be desired. Backers had another fair day, notwith standing two tremendously severe blows, viz., the failure of a hot pot in -Miguel in the Ascot D/crby, and of Danby dale in tho Hunt Cup ; the latter being considered one of tho biggest handicap certainties of modern times. Thc Ascot Derby on paper looked a dead gift for Miguel, considering his second to Donovan at Epsom ; and tho 9 to 4 betted on him was apparently justi fied. Great was the dismay of his backers when, after a tussol with Morglay, he was beaten by a length and a half. But this disappointment was trifling compared with what followed. One of the prettiest sights in the world is the race for the Hunt Cup, and the coup d'oeil presented as the horses came dashing over the hill in full view of the occupants of the stands is worth a day's journey to wit- ness. This year a big sensation was added to its attractive- ness. Captain Machell seems to lay himself out specially to win this event ; and I don't know how many times he has been successful. The punters, as a rule, go for his horse to a man ; and when it was known that Danbydale had won a big trial he at once became the hottest of hot favorites ; as little as 5 to 2 being eagerly snapped up. The fifteen candidates (Ringmaster being one of them) were marshalled in good time at the post; and Lord Marcus at once dropped his flag and the lot were off. Stay ! not the whole lot, for one was left standing at the post. A muffled roar, covering the sound of many a big, big D, soon told the tale that the favorite had been left standing still. Poor little George Chaloner, whose feelings no one could envy, sharp as he is, had for once been caught napping, much to the dismay and disgust of those who had backed his mount, and they had the melancholy view of the erstwhile favorite walking back leisurely to the paddock. Whitelegs a la Goldseeker in the City and Suburban slipped his field at the start, and sailed away with a strong lead. Nothing had the ghost of a chance with him. The Cup day, the ladies' day at Ascot par excellence, was everything that could bc desired. Not a cloud obscured the sky, and the scorching rays of an English midsummer sun were tempered by a deliciously cool breeze. It was just the day for a picnic, and heartily did everyone enjoy it. The Guards, as usual, had their gaily decorated tent pitched, in which they entertained a multitude of friends. Tho Queen's Body Guard also extended their well-known hospitality to hundreds of swagger folk. All tho smart regiments had either tents or drags, and many of the leading clubs had largo numbers of guests. Tho Cup race was a very poor ono ; there being only four starters, none of them beyond indifferent handicap form. Mr. L. dc Rothschild's Cotillon, on the strength of her Manchester triumph, was made favorite ; but she had nothing to do with tho finish, as Traylcs jumped oif with a strong lead, which ho kept, and won by half the length of a street. The physical impossibility of being in two places at once prevented my witnessing the raco for tho Grand Prix de Paris last Sunday. It was a disastrous day for the crowd of Englishmen who went over to back Mr. Vyner's Minthe, which they thought was next to a certainty. But so far from being so she was ignominiously beaten, as also was thc French favorite, Maypole ; thc race being won, to the horror of backers and thc joy of tho bookmakers, by an animal called Vasistas, which was absolutely friendless at lOO to 1. A few poople who follow M. Delamarro's fortunes had a louis or so on at tho pari mutuel. But beyond this tho colt was not backed for a solitary franc. Vasistas had won a small race, tho Pris Neva, on the day before, and this was a caso of history repeating itself, as Fervacques, which won the Grand Prix in 1867 fafter a dead heat with Patrician), also won tho Pris Neva the day previous. This is a remarkable coincidence. But of course these things ore only thought of ofter the poll. Minthe's form shaws how poor a lot our three-years-qjd are (of course Donovan executed, and perhaps Amphion** 