DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) On Monday last the annual athletic sports df the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, were held. The weather was as good as could have been desired for finch a purpose. A large gathering of visitors were present, amongst whom were the Eight Eev. Dr. Moore and Monsignor Hoyne. It must be acknowledged that this young institution has just reason to congratulate itself upon the marked success of its pupils on their first general appearance in the athletic world. Great things are yet to be expected from some of the fine, healthy-looking, young fellows whose powers were exhibited in the various contests of the day. Among the seniors A. Cameron, D. Noonan, W. Slattery, H. M'Donough, E. Sheehan, P. J. Ryan, W. Dowling, J. Barry, and amongst the juniors T. M'Manamny, E. Coates and D. Cameron, would have done honour to any turf by the agility and' strength which they displayed. I subjoin a list of the events and winners :— Maiden Race (seniors)—W. Slattery, 1; Smithwick, 2. Maiden Race (juniors)— T. M'Manamny, 1; Mooney, 2. College Handicap—Noonan, 1; Cameron, 2. Handicap (under 15)—M'Manamny, 1; Coates, ''2. ,: Kicking Football—H. M'Donough, 1. Siamese Race—^Barry and Darcey, 1, Running Long Jump— Slattery, 1; Field, 2. Hurdle Race—' M'Donough, 1; Cushing, 2. Handicap (atider 12) -D. Hendry, 1. Blindfold Race—Casey, ! 1. Steeplechase—Dow- : ling, 1; Noonan, 2. Throwing Cricket Ball.'A. Cameron, 1. High Jump—P. J; Ryan, 1} Dowling, 2. Handicap Race— (300 yards)—Cameron, 1; Field, 2i Sack Race—Slattery. Handicap Race '{440 yafds)—Cameron, 1; Slattery, 2. Mile Race-^Jas. Barry, 1; T. Barry, 2t Consolation Race (seniors)- : -^heehan. : Throwing Weight—Sheehan. The final meeting of the cotamifctee of the AH Natibns' Fancy Fair, in aid of the liquidation of the debt on the Bishop's palace and StiAlipius' Church, was held in the Cathcilio library on last Tiifcsday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. James Cogfalan, K.C.S G. The Bishop was also present. Mr; R. T. Hager, one of the htm. , secretaries, submitted a balince-sheet, which showed that the large sutn of £1585 9s. 3d. was realised by the fair after paying all expenses. The balance-sheet was received '/and adopted. The chaittnan then banded theBishop a chieque : for this "amount. He said dt afforded' him much pleasure to present this «um as'the net proceeds of theilate dfoir his* Lordship; fdt the objects for which it' 'was organised. He (Mr-' Ooghlan) iexpre&sied; his : gratified tton at ! the 1 great ^access that had been thefair/and.oongratulateii lj the ladies; 1 the members iof tfte committee, ;and all! conce'rnedi'allof Whom worked with such energy uponthe great success which had been attained. he Bishop, in accepting the cheque, said he could not find words to express how deeply he felt grateful for their kindness. He had always received from the members of his flock ever since he came amongst them—over twenty-three years ago—the same warm respect and hearty co-operation which they had just now evinced. He wa's fully sensible of the great labour which the carrying out of the fancy fair had entailed, and the great exertions that each of those who took part in it had made. He knew that it would be a source of consolation to them to learn that the palace was now, through their exertions, out of debt. His Lordship concluded by expressing his deep sense of thankfulness to the non-Catholic friends who had so generously and kindly assisted at the late fancy fair. Dr. Moore afterwards, in a few feeling and well-chosen words, proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman (Mr. Coghlan.) That gentleman suitably returned thanks. Votes of thanks were also proposed by the Bishop to the secretaries (Messrs. Hiiger, Wrigley, and Carey), as also to the vice-chairmen (Messrs. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., and Richard Wrigley), the treasurers (Dr. Mullally and Mr. C. Fitzgerald), and the members of the committee.- These gentlemen suitably returned thanks. The Bishop said he would take another opportunity of thanking the ladies who had worked so hard. A special vote of thanks was proposed by Dr. Moore to Mr. Gilbert, he hon. architect of the fair, who had one so much to transform the Alfred all into a kind of art gallery by he beautiful manner in which he arried out the decorations and designs of the various stalls. Mr. Gilbert, in returning thanks, said it was a labour of love, and he was very grateful for their kind appreciation of humble services. A cordial vote of thanks was also passed to the ladies of the various stalls for their efforts to make the fair a success. Votes of thanks were passed also to the members of the fire brigades, the several bands, the militia, the members of the gymnasium, and the other public bodies who had so kindly given their services; as also to Mr. Wright for his services in connection with the " Maypole dance," and all the other ladies and gentlemen who had kindly given their services. A cordial vote of thanks was then passed to the Bishop, on the motion of Mr. J. J. Fitegerald, seconded by Mr. J.. Casey, and. supported ,by Mr. M. Martin. After the Bishop had suitably returned thanks, the proceedings terminated. A meeting of the Christian Doctrine Society was held on Sunday evening after Vespers ; Mr. M. C. Carey in the chair. Three gentlemen who had been duly * nominated were elected members It was resolved that a concert should be held on Wednesday, 27th November, in aid of purchasing an organ for the use of the Catholic boys at the Ballarat Reformatory. 