CHAPTER XVI. AN UNEXPECTED ENCOUNTER, “There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will,** says the immortal bard ; and a most malignant and mischief-making divinity it seems to be at times. But we must not stop and bewail over the rough angles and spiutered fragments, but wait, with patience till tho whole is complete, and then we shall see that every seemingly adverse stroke was needed to perfect and finish the rounded life. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Verney should occupy the same train, indeed tho same carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning 1 But the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. The countesBS was thickly veiled, and although she was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime before he recognised her. He established himself comfortably, read the morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in his ill-humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The colonel had passed that stage of life when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintarces. Longyears of soldier life in India had cooled the fever of his young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and- thirty years, a trifle cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Beresford, heiress, to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was ruuning over to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was-dying, and had need of him. Colonel Verney started down by the first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would be placed upon bis most humane journey. On and on they went, the countess still closely veiled and incognito; the colonel perusing his paper, and longing for his cigar ; on and on, through all the seem ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and across the Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her husband had taken, the only one she knew how to pursue. And wish every mile she travelled, h'r courage failed. 1 n the eagerness and ex citement of starting, the length and fatigue of the journey had not occurred to licr. She begau to wish she had hearkened to Judith's sage counsels, or at least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But she thought of the little flaxeu-liaired boy’ amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his sake she would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. .There sat this inevitable lady companion. “Can I be any service to you, inadame V he inquired, politely ; “get you any’ re freshments, or anything of the kind f” The lady gave a quick start, shook her head, and, drawing her veil still closer, mattered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned on his heel,- determined to leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just in time to catch the steamer Calats. The flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and the noise and confusion on the wharf,- well nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey; and the full sense of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the first time upon her. What would her husband say 1 She grew deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudely, and she would have fallen but for the colonel’s timely support. *‘My dear inadame, do allow me to assist you,” he exclaimed,'passing his arm about her. For an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a great effort sbe overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. “ I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney,” she said, as she raised her veil, and disclosed h6r face, white and faint from fatigue and intense excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, aa if he thought her a ghost. “ Lady Strathspey!’ he gasped, at last, “ in Heaven'a name—’ “I am going across the Channel, Colonel Verney,” ahe interrupted, with dignity; “ will yon have the goodness to ass'st me on board the steamer ?” The colonel waa a thorough gentleman. He bowed deeply, repressingevery vestige of curiosity, and drawing her arm through h:s conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the Bteamer. While he paced the deck, half an hour later, puffing his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what waa the meaning of Lady Strathspey’s unusual mode of travelling, the countesa came gliding to his side. “ Colonel Verney,” she said laying her hand lightly on his arm, “ yon are wonder ing, ho doubt, what it is that takes me out of England in this ran-away fashion 1” The Colonel bowed and smiled. “ I am a little curious, 1 'confess, Lady Strathspey,” he replied. \- The countess stood silent for • moment, Poking up at the misty stars overhead, her eyes full of deep and solemn thought. “Colonel Vemey,” she continued at last. “ you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take me from my home and husband in this fashion; my mission across the Channel is one of life and death—to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed me.' Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to help me” She raised her sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their atarcy depths, the Indian officer felt his heart thrill with something of the old, passionate. admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when he was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite’s lover. But the colonel, as wo have said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. And looking down upon the woman he had once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. “ lady Strathspey,” he _ answered, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith and confidence, “ I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can.” If he had been profuse in his assurances, she would have hesitated; his self- pos session and simple candor won her confi dence. She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and there, beneath the silent stars, with a dash of the silver water in his cars, she began at the begin ning and told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as she did so, for an hour before he would have been the last man on earth she would have chosen for her confidant. Yet now impelled by some impulso stronger than her will, she told him everything. The colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. Old soldier that he was, he could under stand the deep yearning of the mother’s love for her own babe. “ I am afraid, Lady Strathspey,” he said, when slie had finished, “ that you have been unwise in taking this step. It would have been better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear his share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor," he con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, “ but I don’t believe in any concealment between man and wife. Your motive is pure and good,but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However,” he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fine figure, after his mihtury habit, “ if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helo you in any possible way.” “I shall go on,” replied tne countess, firmly, “ I will not turn back.” • “Very, well, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sick’friend in Paris, and I'll see you safe into*tbe Tyrol and on your way home. Good-niglit, Lady Strathspey.” “Good-night, Colonel, and may Heaven reward you I” He strode away, and the countess went to her state-room with a lightened heart. 