BAPTIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. „niversay of the Kyneton Baptist ^ celebrated on Sunday, when occupied at both services ^ Lr J of Kew. At »service there was a good connotwithstanding that the '„ wither detrred the usual at- -f^l country people. Just before •srvice torrents of rain fell and •^'I'L prevent the congregation ** i.we as otherwise would have case In the evening the Rev. "MJLbased his remarks opon the of the 3rd chapter of Revela- ' Behold I stand at the door and j." £o It was remarked that the 9 „ras not to the impenitent and ^ bat to professing Christians p » had faith in and love for Christ ^„W settled down to ease. The to of communion with Jesus lost, t 1 ?] and enjoyed -of Jesus outside in8ide the heart, and dweUing heart It was funny to speak of ''being outside a believer's heart, * ii is for he can dwell only in the ^Ud contrite heart. When a man " trust in past experience andselfvLiiesi, Christ cannot dwell in his Those who "knew they were in that fiould thank God, for they were , [baa the Laodiceans who thought Sjres rich when they were poor and jmd naked. The condition of the lau church showed how professing- Kjuis might be deceived, and though 'Tifment passed seems harsh it was ijtbemtoa better state of mind. 'INRV easy to lose first love for JOBUB ibe presence of the Holy Ghost, and %m through religiouB forms. Per- *« there were those present who had Jjto that state, and had lost the joy '.jnmnnion with Christ, power in power to testify, and whose lips gęsealed so that they could not reprove —.iloie heart's were barren of refa joji, and who had fallen into JJJ faultwith those more happy than giilves and of judging harshly others did things they were afraid to do. ns brought about by the absence of •Hister from the heart, the result of 5 the mind to be too much oocupied concerns of this life. The . _>n could have hearts filled with osi love for ChriBt, but they must be eii prayer, rising early to have cornea with God. The man who holds t communion with his God soon _ a mere religious maohine. The jeans slid into their state little by and through making compromises -the world. So Christians are found ne to conform to the world, i pleasures, its companionships, its JE; who find no time, for private JIB or the prayer meeting, but time ; balls, parties, and reading lighi aire. The heart is to be the r'ir,!' place of Christ, but he could not y: there unless it were wholly given up : lin and he was not robbed by the mking crowded with worldly things, iitntnrned out Christ does not go away xseeks re-admission, but the only way ;«uh matters right is to acknowledge •tin; forgotten and dishonored God. Hear Christ's voice is to feel the spirit IbA working, and to open the door is uncus the will and admit Him to the ut. There ia the clear assurance that triit has come into the heart, and the ralt u \<sy and peace. The appetite for orWly amuscmenta and employments isl etieced, but that is not felt to be a loss, or Christ does not deprive of joy wort aiw, buł pres the cup of everlasting rand a perpetual feaet. In oondnaion ' snbiect ras forcibly brought home to -Tonng people present. \- E annual tea meeting iB to be held iWednesday the 27th inst. 