Odds and Ends from Mulgoa. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Rain badly wanted. We are wondering when those full particulars of the Chaffey Brother irri- gation scheme will appear in print. The Little Paddockers and the Sovereignite are still hoping that something will come of it. The "Hon. G. H. Cox has made a start to irrigate his extensive vineyard, &c.;, and has procured an 18 horse power engine, and erected a reservoir 200 feet above the Nepean River capable of holding about 200,000 gallons. Mr. Townsend, C.E. is superintending the work. I am told Messrs. Watkins Leggo Green & Co., the owners of the Luddenham Estate, are maturing a scheme to supply water to their land buyers at so much per thousand gallons. Good news if true, if not true it ought to be, as it would pay both parties. It looked like a general holiday in Penrith on Tuesday week last. In and about the Court House a crowd of well washed people kept continually coming and going. I.overheard a stranger mutter "be jabers," but this is a quiet election anyhow not aven a dacent feight to be seen," It looked so like an election day abour the Court, House that I expected every minute to have my shoulder dis- located' by a shake hands with dapper little Sammy, it turned out however that it was only District Court day presided over by Mr.Judge Dowling a very painstaking and impartial judge though a little crabby first, thing in the morning caused no doubt by a sleepless night through his bad leg. If ever the judge has the honor of dispens- ing justice to me I will try and not wriggle into his presence till after lunch time. Some of the the witnesses had, a lively time of it and also the bobby in blue that couldn't pronounce his ' S'. The fire case Wallace v. Cox collapsed rather suddenly owing I believe to the non- appearance of the principle witness, " too ill to leave her homes' help me, your honor," though her ghost was seen driving a very substantial looking horse past tho Court House immediately after the case was over. Another interesting witness was that England and New Zealand orange tree doctor. Too thin. Might as well try to grow orange trees in a baker's oven. Glad to see our genial T.R. has been elected Mayor of Penrith. Mr. Stephen is booked for the next term. The election excitement has cooled down by this time, and you are all well aware of the result, which is Protection 400 behind at Penrith, other place Protection 9000 ahead. Not bad first try considering the side issues to the advantage of Free-trade, to gether with the influence of the Sydney press. By the way the gentlemen that run the three metro- politan leaflets are in a terrible state of indignation, because Mr. Dibbs has not already gone and hanged himself so as to give Sir. Enry another opportunity to square up with a few more of his promisory note holders. Protection appears to be taking hold of the peo- ple of Free-trade England, and although the present generation of Englishmen have lived up to the present without given the question a thought, they are beginning now to see that the theories of politi- cal economy that have been dinned into their ears by Adam Smith, Will Cobden. and Bright are not all beer and bacca. An English Baronet says self preservauion is working the miracle. The wolf is everywhere showing his ugly muzzle at the door, and all the Free-trade theories in the world won't keep him out. During the last 80 years the working classes have been repeating the Free-trade formula "give us cheap bread and every thingelse will follow," but now they are beginning to realise the fact that they have had cheap bread, but eveything else does not follow. They are beginning to see that it is excellent to have the 41b loaf down to 4d, if at the same time, they can secure full work and full wages. but it is not excellent when the condition attached to the cheap loaf is half time and half wages. 