JENSEN'S CONGRESS OF CABA LISTIC WONDERS. Jensen's Congress of Cabalistic Wonders opened on Tuesday evening in the Town Hall, Perth to a very large audience, and judging by the excellent character of the entertainment, the Professor Will in all pro- bability command good houses during his season in the city. Perhaps there is no more pleasing form of amusement than the art of legerdemain, but the professor of that art must be a proficient to achieve success. Professor Jensen can with justice claim this distinction; indeed he might almost be reckoned a prince amongst conjurers, for the variety and number of his tricks, and the skill and dexterity with which he performs them. He may thank his lucky stars that he was born in the present instead of the six- teenth or seventeenth century, for had he lived in the days of the British Solomen or his immediate, successors, he would have stood a good chance of paying the heaviest forfeit for his wizardry. Not only does the Professor " call spirits from the vasty deep," but he conjures up a variety of articles use- ful or ornamental,-sometimes both, -and c.ialicea,, watches, eggs, cups and sanders, and other things hurtle through the air with pleasing alacrity at his com mand. Flowers seem to grow at his will and inanimate ornaments become meta- morphed into living animals by his pleasure, and throughout the entire exhibition the audience are kept continually wondering what mysterious manipulation will next take place. And what, adds to the charm of the exhibition is the really magnificent drapery and scenery for the stage, the first-named, especially, being of a truly Oriental charac- ter. Before the curtain rises, the audience are treated to a view of the curious, yet beautiful " drop curtain," and wings hand- somely ornamented with innumerable ex- amples of Indian skill, while the front of the stage is garnished with some of the magician's apparatus, demons' heads, and other "ornaments." When the curtain rises, the ball of mystery and wonder the representation of a stalactite cave, with a huge anaconda issuing between a crevice in the rock's, at the foot of which lie skulls and skeletons, and other gruesome objects-is seen, and beneath' its arches are placed the conjurer's paraphernalia. Here it is that the Professor in his Protean charac- ters; first of a modern ptestidigitateur, after- wards as Oko Mota, the juggler, handsomely attired in Japanese garb, and later on as the Egyptian necromancer Achmed Ali Bay, in his magnificent silver scale armour, which flashes beneath his long cloak, performs those marvellous feats which keep his audience in a continual state of delight. Most of the apparatus, too is equally rich in appearance, while the magicians attend- ants -the charming eastern slave Haida, and her Indian assistants,-flit here and there silent as ghosts, to do his bidding, and add to the genuine attractiveness of the whole scene. The performance on Tuesday-evening opened with an overture from the Tannhaussr, by Mr. A. Linton; the pianist, organist, and lightning sketcher, for the show. Professor. Jensen, assisted by his brother, Mr. A. Jensen, then performed a number of exceed- ingly clever and amusing feats in 'ejrerdemaip, the best of which was, perhaps, the remark- able adventures which befel three borrowed handkerchiefs, and one of the Professor's and the formation of a chain and various other articles from a number of apparently per- fect intact rings. During the seance, the Professor introduced first what may be called the aboriginal Ibicus, the animated skull, and then the original Ibicus, t and this pair of ghostly objects went through a number of performances which were, enough to make one believe they bad been galvanised into life again. After the seance was concluded, Miss Edith Moulton appeared in her graceful skipping rope dance, the only fault to be found with which was, that it did not last long enough. A number of tricks by the Japanese juggler Oko Mota fol- lowed, when after keeping two paper but terflies in the air: several minutes; the juggler metamorphosed them first into a mass of gaily' coloured ribbons, and then into a num ber of coloured balls. This part concluded with Oko Mota's clever rifle and bayonet act. During a brief interval the scene was chang- ed, and when the curtain rose, Achmed Ali Bey appeared on the scene and assisted by Haida, gave a surprising exhibition of his skill in necromancing. To attempt to fully describe the performance would be too heavy a draft upon our space,but better proofs of the adept's adruitness, and the perfection of the aparatus used, could not be found than the chalice, serpent, and watch tricks, and the change from tea to milk, and from coffee beans to boiled coffee, the results of which were served by Haida to some of the audi- ence, who, upon testing this beverage found it to be genuine coffee. The flying cup and saucar was also a clever illusion, while the appearance of a large barrel apparently from the bowels of the earth, but of which, after the audience had been satisfied as to its' em- ptiness, sprang a shrouded skeleton, who en- gaged the wizard in a combat, created roars of laughter amongst the audience. This part concluded with the Hindoo basket trick, which was admirably performed, after which Mr. Linton executed a picture in oils, upside down-the picture we mean, and not the painter,-in five minutes, the result being a sunset scene, which looked very pretty. Another piano solo was then played by Mr. Linton, after which Professor Jenson's beau- tiful act "Galatea" was performed the Professor taking the part of Pygmalion, Mrs. Jenson that of Galatea, while Mr.W.Farmer played Mephistopheles. The whole of the performance was done in "dumb show," ex- cepting the fiend's mocking ' ho! ho! ho!", and though where there is so much to admire, and it is difficult to see wherein one part of the exhibition exceeds the other, everything is so excellently well done, there were many amongst the audience who appeared to think that the Professor had kept the best until the last. The change of the beautiful statue to a living lovely woman, which, excepting that the sculptor's work was covered with a sheet, took place before the eyes of the audience was an exceedingly clever illusion, while the appearance of Mephistopheles on the pedestal where the statue had previously stood, was almost if not equally well done. The gestures of the actors were very expres- sive, and must have enabled those to whom the story was new to completely follow the meaning. The local management is, as we have already stated, in the hands of Messrs. Farmer and Imray, and the excellent arrange- ments for seating the audience, are only such as play-goers in Perth, and Fremantle especially, have, by experience, learnt to expect from those gentlemen. Professor Jensen's exhibition ought to enjoy a tho- roughly good season in Perth, as it is, with- out doubt, one of the best, if not the very best, that has ever visited the city. Mathew's Blood Pr/an-iEE. ? Cabtai Gray, of the s.s. Australind, says: "The Blood Purifier is something wonderful, and I think ohght to be made known. I can only say I haye never seen anything like it. I ahaU certainly recommend it all I can, os I think its qualities cannot be made too public.''4-fAflvt i Doubtful Cocoas.?A caution s is'suod by Messrs. Cadbury, warning the public a? inst | Dutch Cocoas and their English imitations i erroneojsly called pure, which contain about 4-pe rcent. of added alkali. parity of Cadbury's Cocoa is guaranteed_J Idvl 2. * d 