Religion and Philanthropy; Losb of the First Love.' .-Bi this B*v. W. H. Aitkks, M.A. Nevertheless I' have somewhat Against thee, 1 because .thou hastlett thyfirstlove.—Bevelation | It ts no meanfeulogy that our blasted Lord pronounces upon the ohuroh at Ephesus. The Lord Jesus Ohriefc does not flatter anybody or toy class of persons, yet He says some very strong things in favour of the churoh at Epke bus; in fact, I apprehend there are compara tively few congregation* of whom as much could be said as is aotually said of this church: " I know thy works," saith He who walketh aonng the seven golden candlesticks, and hild eth toe seven stars in his right hand. Ton will observe, my dear friends, that in each of these commencements ouc Lord gives Himself a different tiile, and in each case the title is in keeping with the message which He has to de iv«r. X have not time to point out how true this romark is, by adducing instances, bat if you will at your leisure study these seven epistles from that point of view, I think you will bo struck by this consideration. ^ In the present instance our Lord calls atten tion, first of all, to His closeness to those who are His own, His nearness to them. He represents Himself as " walking" in the ' midst of the golden candlesticks, and; as holding those," who are the rep re* uentitives of the churches "in His tight hanJ," so close is their relationship to Him. ' The everlasting lore of God brings Him very near to us. There is not one of you who is a real obild of G^d to whom God has not been brought very near. If you are His child,' He is near you still. It is your blessed privilege to lecogniae this nearness to God, like Enoch, to " walk with God." But just because God is so near, He is all the better able (if I may so speak) to see the secrets of our hearts. "When God's love is so warm towards us, and His sympathy so full, if there U any thing in our hearts that does not respond to Him, that sets itself up against Him, or if there is any spiritual faculty or attribute which onght lo hi present, but which is "conspicuous' by its ab-euoV* He is all the more but© to detect it just because of thisoiosenessof relationship. Wore He amere stranger, He might not detect the loss of the fir>t love; at any rate it might not impress Him so painfully. Amere stranger does not expect minifestati ms of love. If wo meet with civility, politeness, and consideration, that is all-we cm expeot or r.tquire. But if we are bound in the relationship of re »l love, then we expect that the I jve shall be feci r oca ted. and just because our Lord loves with such tenderness ani affection because His love is something so actual and real. He hu a right to.expect, and He does autuilly expoct a reci procity on our part; and, if that be wanting, quick as lightning the heart of the Lord muit be conscious of the want, He must have "some thing against us," as He had against the Church at Ephesus, because we have "left our first love." But to return to what H-, who " valke amongst the golden candlesticks," and who is so oio*e to His people, h-ss t> say in favour of this church a Ephesus. You remember how much it io that He says : " I know thy works and thy labour." You see this church at Ephesus was not only a working church, but it was a labouring church. The distinction between work and labour is porn tad out by the apos'leS*-. Paul in the well knvwn passage where he speaks of the " work of faith and the labour of love." A person may be a "working" Christian and yet not a " labouring" Christian. We may be justified in calling any Christian who does anything for the Lord a working Christian in a certain soose, however little the work may be. But-yon oinnot sp<tak of u person as a labouring Christian unless he throws his whole soul into the work, gives him self up to perform " that p rfect and acceptable willoi God" which has r>een iudtuved to him an his own p«rtimlar c ll«ug. Are there any labouring Christians in this congregation ? I would fain hope that them am many working Christians. If you'are not a working Christian, I advise you to ask yourself w bother j ou are a Christian at all, for the probability is that you are not I do not say that it is a certain sign that you are not; A Christian may be living altogether below his calling, but he must be in a bad way indeed if he is not doing something. I ask yo i now,-how-ver, low in my of you are labouring Christian* ? Do you kqo v Vbat it is to emulate the Master's example in respect to tot* ? How did Ho w*>rkr You know there were times wh-n He worked so hard that His friend* said, " He u beside Himself," thought that He would kill Him-elf; they i wanted to tear Him away from His work, but I He would not be torn away. There w. re times 1 when He had not so much leisure as to eat bread. But He was never in a hurry or ih a bn-tle. A quiev, calm sense of power characterised the lifo of the Lord Jesus Christ'.' He livedaseveryoneof us ought tolive " Are there not.twelve hours in the day ? ( have My own allotted time and work, and I cannot afford to throw away »uy opportuniti a that'God has givr&jhle;, or i«*»»e any of the time that He has bestowed upon He for the perform tree of that which He has called Me to do. , Ev*ry moment is precious,' so 'precious that I cauno; afford to. thiuk lightly of i:l" So H- threw' Himself into the Divine will, and libourrd with a«aiduity at>&k; toil to perform that which He rejoiced to recognise as His Eather'a purpose. I hare ofteu been constrained to notice, and J daresay ycu have no tceJ it too^ that when Christians, from tirac to time, throw them stw* into actual 1 lbour for the Lord, thero is a ►.rrat dangtr of a reaction coining. You huow there are some Christian* who never go to tho labour pains at all; they go on quietly aud | in a rozi oi routine: you cannot stir i ih cm out of it. One day with them Is like | another. They Wurk on in their own quiet I way. It matter* not what Is-golng forward* or how special* the ball may be/ how great tbb' battle m-being-waged, you cannot stir them out' of their regular routine; on. they go at their own steady pace, as they call it Such Chris tiana are sometimes a hindrance where they ought to be a help, just because they, will i Ob allow themselv'S to be stirred out of their routine. On the other hand, Christians who, from time to time, throw themselves into Ood's work wi'h gteat heartiness and (motion, are liable to collapses. There cooies a reaoton, a sense of lassitude, a consciousness cf weariness —they grow 11 weary'ln Welldoing 11 Perhaps there are a few disappoinments; the workishot going on so flourishingly. " When tho wind and tide am incut favour, there are some f us who can work very hard; we caa pull a ve y lusty oar as long ss the boat seems to make progress, but when we find the tide doad against u*, and it seems as though We were making no head way, we begin to fe*l faint and weary, and sak eomeb:dy else to take the oar. That is a dangerous infirmity. I am nfra d it is eeldom that we find there two characteristics coupled together in huomi experience—the spirit of labour and the sptrit of patieoce—but they are both present here. Our Lord bears witness not only to the steady, quiet work of the Ephesians, not only to their zealous, energetio labour, but also to their " patience.1* Tcey had toiled ou peroeVsringly. I suppose they mot with difficulties as you and I do There were times, no doubt, when wind and tide were against them, and it seemed as thongh they made no progress; nevertheless they toiled on industriously and pitiently, and He says It was "for My name sake" Yes, they had not altogether lost sight of the true motive- 41 for My name's sake thou hast li boured and hast not fainted.11 I do not know whether I am straining a point when I say, however, that thit phrase, "for My name's sake/' suggests to me something that may have been defective even in. the very labour of tho Ephesians. We may do a thing for Christ's name's sake when we have ceased to do it for Christ's own dear sake We still love Hit cause 2 we are still, to a certain extent, filled with a desire for the promo ion of His outward glory; we are Christians, and we want to see the cause of Christ progress, and tho name of Christ exalte!; it pleases us to see each fresh advance of the Christian standard, each freth victory of Him whom we claim and recognise is our royal maa'er. But it is rather for His | name's sake than for His person's sake. Be j this as it may, all on the surface of the experi ence his'ory, and life of the Epheaian Church seems to have been most favourable You could scarcely have desired anything better. Surely, if our bLessed Lord was cow stand ing in this church, and gave us such a charac ter, we should all feel as though we could go on to say, "What lack I yet?'1 Can wo' honestly and truthfully say that we are workers, ! that we are labourers, and that we are patient! labourers, so persevering and plodding that we have " not faiated11 in spite of all the difficul ties with which we hava been surrounded ? -la | there anything more that could be said ia their I favour? Yes, something still. Tkese Ephe aian converts had held to God's truth in a day when there was a good deal of theological dis- : cussion, and also misconception and error. ! They were orthodox to the backbone;, our! Lird had no fault to find with them in this | respect; they " hated the deeds of the Nicolait anes,11 they would have nothing to do with them, they turned their backs upon them. Nay, further, there had been those who had asserted that they possessed the right of apostleship; and endeavoured to mislead these young Christians. And perhaps, at one time, it seemed as though the church at Ephesus were in a very precarious condition. But the Ephesians had bronght these professors to the test of power. You remember, no duubt, a circumstance which occurred in the early days of the church's history, and which I supp >se may be takm as an illustration of what may have occurred sub sequently. There wore certain sons of one Scera, whi made a profession of being able to do wonderful works; they attempted to ex-»r ci-e those who were " lunatic and vexed with the devil," by the word-*, " We adjure you by Jesus, whom Paul preached, comeouc of him." They were brought to the teat i>f power. What was the result? The man in whom the evil spirit was leaped upon them, and overcome them, so that they fl d from the house naked at d wounded. 1 he bphesbtu Christians showed very good sense in bringing these men to the practical test of power. But someone asks, "How am £ to obtain God's truth when there are so many different opinions r" 1 need hardly • ay— or yoa surely hare often had that impres-ion upon your minds—that the great Teacher u the holy Sptrit, and we caa only really learn as we put ourselves under his guidanoe. But this prao-' tical suggestion corner to us in the exposition of this passage Do.r friend*, if you cannot argue, I tell you what you can do;.you caa bring those " who say tbey are apostles .and Are not," to the test of power .Take one sys tem after, another that Tauntingly , boa«t< of being an exbibit:on of truth, and ask what cm it do? What doo« it.dp foriho" human soul? What does it do. for thnsi who have been the claves of sin? What .aro tho etfe its* which * it produces upon the/ man who . has form d babits of evill Cau it liberate the captives of hell? Caa. itjpro duce an altogether new experience? Does it V'vethe man joy instead of sorrow, hop* intUad of despair, copious power instead of conscions wraVne*a? Does it lift him'up out of the prison boose of hell, and set him ou high placev sod enable him to glorify God?-If you watch what the gospel does the' effect it produces, you will find it is still "the power of God unto salvation to every oue that be Iicreth." Let two men of equal power ocoupv two.churches ia the same part of any given t;'\vn; let.one preach one of tho mauy iama manufactured in recent times, or perhaps ages ago and rovivod in rcrcnt times; let the other man preach the simple Gospel of Christ, let hue be only half «s powerful a preacher as the man who picaches that which i« cot the Gurpel; then examine the effects upon the lives ox those who are brought under tho ministries of (the ttfo meti.'and-do with'them what the J?phealina~did with the'sonaof Sceva. Theae men tnight^leadr " We are as muoh iQ"jK)MeMi6n*of the truth asever Paul isj and we can preach as well as he* we can eXorolw devils as -Well aa he.'* "Very well," replied the Epheaians; "Let na see : there is a man possessed of the devil, see what you can do for him." It was an awkward thing for the eoni of Soeva; they were bound to stand to their profes sion ; they had set themselves forward as exor-• olata, and now they must show that they can exorcise, and that the devils recognise their exorcism. They are brought face to. face with the lunatic, and instead of the calm majesty of God revealed in the haman oonntenonoe or human aot, there was the impoteuoe of man. Thej fly before the spiritual foe, and they leave, the house, naked and wounded. None of ns feel very sorry for them; but the Ephesians learned by bringing these men to the test of power, what was truth and what was error, and they learned to torn, with hoiror and dis gust from the various forma of h-r^sy which were creeping into tho churoh, even at that early date, and to cleave with downright c uG denoe to that which was distino lj taught by the great Apostle to the Gentiles. Well, that is a very important thing. Truth is one of the greatest powers in God's uuiverse. What is stronger than truth ? Let no one dis parage the importance of aoonrate dootrinal knowledge. It would be well if we were better trained in theological matters than many of us are. But you will say, "Sorely there could be nothing serioosly wanting in the Churoh of Ephesns F their work, their labour, their patience, their orthodoxy—these, surely, are four splendid characteristics; what more could be desired?" "NeverthelessV —roh, that sad conjunction! "nevertheless," though the shrine of the Holy Ghost seems so goodly, —though the Ephesian Church seems to be such a goodly dwelling'plaoe for the Most High — "nevertheless, I have somewhat again«t thee, because Thou hast left Thy first love.'* Ar there any here of whom this is t ue; are there any of yon who stUl retain much of the outward earnestness of a religions life, and yet, if the truth had to be told at thlw moment (the time will come when we shall all have to tell tho truth), you would have to oonfesa with shame and sorrow before God, " we have left our fi-st love ? " The Ephesian Christian could look back upon happy days gone by, the days of their espousals, da}s when the 'smile of the Lover of their soul was infinitely precious to them, days when they rejoiced to hear the bridegroom's voice. There had boon times of sweet communion, times when the spirit of praise woke within them blessed harmonies, in which there seemed to be a kind of anticipation of the very worship of heaven. Then they used to carry , the genial heat of their fir-t day's se:vios into tho whole week with fcbem ; it fol lowed them into their business, into their Christian homes; wherever they went there was "a Bethel." The whole world seemed sanctified, their daily life was no longer seonlar, everything was consecrated; they, drew no dis tinction between that whioh was religiouB and that which was secular, for all was religious. They lived ia Christ, and Otiriat lived in them. Had they difficulties, and troubles, and trials? They took them to Him; in the hoar of darkness, and sorrow, and loss, they went to Sim, and in Him they foond a confidence which never failed, a friendly hand which dried their tesra, a sympathising hand which obeered them in their sorrows. Then in the midst of prosperity, when the son smiled above, and all around seemed alluring and attractive, in the midst of all the-© pleasures, their hearts still hung closer to Him who loved them with so deep a love, that in his smile they found a deeper joy than ia any earthly experience. How happy were they then! tho Word of God, how they loved to pore over, it! what treasures they found in it; it seemed to them as if they could never think enough about it, never reatl it too ofteo. It was not their habit in those days to lay down an iron rule for themselves, to read so many verses a day, and mark the plaoe where they left off with a pencil, for fear they should for^t it. It was a to them open the sacred page. H>w they feastod their seals upon it. How sweet it wis, in moments of stillness and quiet, to lie in the p*eeence of the Beloved, to be able to say,. "His l'ft hand is under, my head, and Hih right hand doth, embrace mo;"/" I am my Beloved's and my Beloved is mine." Ah, they were palmy day's, a blessed halcyon period: how sweet to 1 iok bank upon. " But," you my, " I suppose Christian'experience will not always bo identicaland,'certainly, it is not. •• Well then, when wo have first passed out of darknesi into light, it ib natural that there should be a good deal of motion in our experience, and much of this may reasonably be pooled to pass away as we become more established Christians." Now, tin. re may be a great deal of truth in aU this, and yot such .pleading may indicate but t o surely the loss of tho first love Dear friends, our experience is subjectto change. But how is it to change ? I •wonder whothcrSt Paul loved hia Masteries*, or more, when he said towards tho end of hie lif», "I have finished my course, I hive kept tho faith. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness," than ho did at the imment when ho first committed his soul into His bands. Do you suppose it is a sign of ripening experience to substitute work, enorgy, aotivfty, and a thousand other things for love? Oh, let us not delude ourselves. There is one thing more important than work, yes. more importaut than labour, oven more important than orthodoxy, and that one thing is Jeeus Chris*. Himsolf. If wo have got Him, we shall have all tho res£, and if we have got the rest and have not got Him, we have nothing. - • 