TiiE ISUXDMaN.* | A KKW SAGA. CHAPTEK IX (CosxarDED.) THE OOHIXG OF JABOS. Br HALL CAKE, of "Toe Seansser," "A Soa of Hagar," *• Hie iStioduw of a ii- ine," etc^stc. The two bright lights that led the vessel to 1>tx ruin came irom the two little bays that lie under the Mmighold Head. The light in Porty-Vnllin was in die hot of Stephen Orry, who bad lit his lamp and placed it in the window lAen be went out to lad farewell to Michael fmnlocks, th miring no eiQ thereby to any man but only that it would guide him home again when he should return to the boat. The light inPortXi3gue was from the cottage of three old net weavers, wlio had lived there without woman or girl, or chick or child, through more than foitv vtuirs. Two of three were brothers, Danny alid Jenrmy Kewley, both over seventy years old. and their housemate, who was ninety, and had been a companion of their father, was known as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy stOl worked at the looms rear in year out, every working boar o£ the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, cooked- and sewed and cleaned for them. All three had grown dim of Bight, and now groped about like three old earthworms. Every year for five years past they had needed an extra, .candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, niaJs in their own iron mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on •that niglit when the Peveril struck on the p-n'M. It was simper time, though old Danny and old Jemmy were still at the looms. Old Joan liad washed out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot with them, hung them on the chimney hook \- = —i the pejus. Then to make them boil , tongs to through the at the "bay for the light on Point of Ayre. and had missed it, and on going back he had said: " It's out again. That's the third time insde a month. I'll go hail something will happen jet." Hie had got no answer, and so sat down on the three-legged stool to feed the fire with gorse lifted on the tongs. When the potatoes had boiled, he had carried them to the door to drain them, and then with the click-clack of the levers behind him, he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and splash of the e&l; in front, a voice like a cry. Going indoors he bad said, " Plague on the water- baiilii and' commissioners and kays and councils. ['11 go hail there's smuggling going cd finder their very noses. I'd have the law on the lot of them, so I would." Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper of their housemate—that he was never happy save when he tad somebody to higgle with—so they paid no heed to his mutterings. But when Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a zag spread over them, went out for the salt herrings to where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny side of the porch, he was sure that above the click of the levers, the boom, and splash of the sea, and the whistle of the wind, he could hear a clamorous c-hout of many voices, like a wild cry of distress. Then he hobbled Stack with a wizened face of deathly pallor and told what he had heard, and the shuttles were stopped, and there was a silence in the little bouse. " It went by me same as the wind," said old Joan. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded bis head very gravdy, and old Juan held on to the lever handles: and through those precious minutes -when crew of the schooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, these three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, half ijfuf, half blind, were held in the grip of superstitious fears. " There again," cried old Juan; and through the door that he had left open the same cxy came in above roar of wind and sea. " Jt's men that's yander," said old Jemmy. " Ay," said oldDanny. "Maybe it'ea ship on the Carick," said old Juan. " Let's away and look," said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trembling and affrighted, straining their dim «yes to see and their deaf ears to hear, and dinging to each other's hands like little children, groped their slow way to the beach. Sown there the cries were louder than they had hem on the brows above. " Mercy me, let's away to league for the "boys," said old Juan; and leaving behind them the voices that cried for help, the old men trudged and stumbled through the dark lanes. £ague was asleep, but the old men knocked, and the windows were opened and night-capped heads thrust through. Very soon the house and courtyard echoed with many footsteps, and the bell over the porch rang out through the night, to call up the neighbours far and near. Boss and Stean and Thurston were the first to teach the shore, and they found the crew of Peveril landed—every man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had passed through to save his life. The schooner was still on the Carick, much injured already,' jJn-ng^njr with every hurling sea on to the shoal beneath her, and going to pieces fast. .And cow that help seemed to be no more needed the people came flocking down in crotrds—the Fairbrothers, with Greeba, and all their men and maids, Kane Wade the Mfitho- iiit, with Chalsey A'Killev, who had been sleeping a night at his house, Isary Crowe, mil Matt Mylehreest and old Coobragh. And •while Davy Kerruish shook the salt water from his sou'wester, and growled out to them with an oath that they haH been a plaguey long time coming, and the skipper bemoaned the loss of bis ship, and the men of their kits, Chaise was down oil his knees on the beach, lifting up his crazy, cracked voice in load thanksgiving. At that the growling ended, and then Asherxairbrother, who had been the Last to come, invited theshipbrokenmen to Lague, and all together they turned to follow him. Just at that momenta cry was heard above the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that seemed to echo in the lowering dome of the sty. Greeba was the first to hear it. * c There is someone left on the ship," she cried. The men stopped and looked into each other's Cues one by one. " No," 6aid the skipper, " we're all here.** Tbeoy was heard once more ; it was a voice offeazfol agony. " That's from Port-y-Yullin," said Asher Pairbrother; and to Port-yVullin they all Iwdwiwl off, following the way of the beach. •There it was easy to see from whence the cries 1mm! fwiiR, An open fishing boat waslabouring in the heavy sea, her stem half prancing like anonbrnken horse, and her fore-part jammed between two horns of the rock that forks out into the sea from Maughold Head. She had deady been unalrmg fox the bay, when •he had fallen ioul of the shoal that lies to the north of it. Dark as the night was, the Bea «wl . sky were I'^w than . the Hack land, and the figure of a man in boat could be eeen very plainly. ig Jto .randngt ..Hie - mast, that fcmnfghHigkmi Mm> IitUeczaftandeaseheroff the funs that held jber likem vyce iresh WB.ve drove her bead deeper into the ami at each vain effort he sbouted agoinand -Jtgaln image andfear. A boatwas lying high and dry on the dune. Two of the FSairhrothers—Stean and Thnrrfan —cuL.it into the water, jumped into :&t; and poshed oE. But the tide was still making, the aeawas running high, a low gronnd BweUwas •cooping up the dangle and flinging it through i^w*, «» Irat. m •cast lack on Ihe shore. "So , use, man," fouled many voices. BatGreebaoied,"Hdp,heap,help!" She aeemnfl to be beside kndf with suspense. Some vague fear, beyond the thought of nan's life in peril seemed to possess her. Did abe lmow what it was? fihe didnot. She Glarednot fi* hermind npon.it. <6hemeabud of her own fear. But, lour down within tux, and ready at any moment; to leap to her throat, was the dim ghost of m. dread that he who was in the boat and in danger <>£ hfc life on the rock, might be vay near and dear to bee. With her hood faflen hack from her headto bwfihnnlders, she i n to and bo among: the men ontbe beach, ' "He ^yS^kiet. Win no one save But the other frmnmtdnng to the men past' saving," ®nd" We*VB got wives and SMren looking to ns,tntsB-andwh>fe thensB other enJ in his hauii. Tiis touch of Groebae quivering lips had been as fire to him. " Lay hold," he cried, and threw the loose end oi the rope to Thuritan Fairbrolher. At the next moment he was breast-high in the sea. The man most have seen him coming, for the loud clamour ceased. " Brave lad," said Uteebt in a deep whisper. "Brave is it? It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy. " Who is it ?" said the skipper. " The young Icsiauder," said Davy. " Hot the lad Jason ?" "Aw, yes, though—Jason—the gawk, as they're saying. Poor lad, there's a heart a him." The people held their breath. Greeba. covered bier eyes with her hands and felt an impulse to scream, Wading with strong strides, and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason readied the boat. A few minutes afterwards he was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleeding from a wound in the head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face iu the darkness, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. " He's done for," said Jason, putting him down. " Who is he ?" cried a stare of volcas. " God knows. Fetch a lantern," said Jason. " See, there's a light in old Oriy's hut yonder* Let's away there with him. It will be the nearest place," said Kane Wade. Then shoulder high they raised the insensible man and carried h™ to Stephen Orry's hut. " What a weight he is?" said Kane Wade. " Sip along, somebody, and get the dour opened." Chaise A'Killey ran on ahead. " Where's Stephen, to-night, that he's not out with ns at work same as this f" said Matt Mylehreest. He's been down here all weak," pulled Xary Crowe.,:.' • .i ., . Xh another minute Chaise was knocking sfc, the door, and calling loudly as he knocked. " Stephen, Stephen, Stephen Orry." There came no answer, and he knocked again and called yet louder. "Stephen, let us in. There's a man here, dying.' Bat no one stirred within the house. " He's asleep,*' said one. " Stephen—Stephen Ony—Stephen Oriy— wake up, man—can't you hear us 'i Have you no bowels, that you keep the man out r" " He's not at home—force the door," Kane Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door was fastened only by a hemp rope wound round a hasp on the outside, and it fell open with a crash. Then the men with the burden staggered into the house. They laid the insensible man on the floor, ana there the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon his face. " Lord-a-massy," they cried, " it's Stephen Orry hisself." CHAPTER X. TEE EXa OF OBEY. When the tumult was over, and all lives appeared to be saved, and nothing seemed lost but the two vessels—the schooner and the yawl, which still rose and fell on the Carick and the forked reef of the head—and the people separated. and the three old net-weavers straggled back to their home, the crew of the Peveril went off with the Fairbrothers to Lague. Great preparations were already afoot there, for Asher had sent ou a message ahead of them, and the maids were bustling about, the fire was rekindled in the kitchen, and the kettle was singing merrily. And first there was a mouthful of grog, steaming hot, for every drenched aud dripping seaman, with a taste of toast to sweeten it. Then there was getting all the men into a change of dry clothes in order that they might wait tor a bite of supper, and until beds were shuffled about and shakedowns fetched out. And high was the sport and great was the laughter at the queer shifts the house were pat to that it might find clean rigging for so many, ou even so short a cruise. When the sis Fairbrothers had lent all the change they had of breeches and shirts, the maids had to fish out from their trunks a few petticoats and some gowne, for the sailors still unfurnished. But the full kit was furbished out at length, and when the ship's company mustered down in the kitchen from the rooms above, all in their motley colours aud queer mixture of garments, with their grizzed faces wiped dry, but their hair still wet and lank and glistening, no one could have guessed, from the load laughter wherewith they looked each other over, that only an hour before death itself had so nearly tricked tiiwn T.il-p noisy children let out of school they all were, now that they were snugly housed; for a sea-going man, however he may be kicked about on (be sea, is not used to be downhearted on the land. Ajid if two or three of the company continued to complain of their misfortunes, their grovrlingB but lent zest to the merriment of the rest. So that they laughed loud when old Davy,'cutting a most ridiculous figure in a linsey-wolsey petticoat and a linen bodice that would not meet over bis hairy chest, began to grumble that he had followed the sea forty years and never been wrecked before, as if that were the best of all reasons why he should not come by such rough harm now, and a base advantage taken of him by Providence in his old age. And loader still they laughed at the skipper himself when, still sorely troubled by his evil luck, he Wanted tfll-Tinwtr-Viat alltliCTr rtiml-itig God was for, since his good ship lay a rotten hulk on a cruel red; ana if it was so very good of Providence to let them off that rock, it would have been better far not to have let them on to it And loudest of all they laughed, and laughed again, when an Irish sailor told them, with all his wealth .of brogue, of a prayer that he had overheard old Davy par while they hung helpless on the rock, +y..lring never to escape from it. " Oh, Lord, only save my live this once, and I'll smuggle no more," the Manxman had cried; " and it's not for myself but ould Betty I ax it, for Thou knowest she's ten years dead in Maughold churchyard, with twenty colls of good Scotch cloth in the grave atop of her. But I had nowhere else to put it, and good Lord, only remember the last day, and save my life till I dig it up from oS her chest, for die was never a powerful woman." *nii the danger bong over, neither Davy nor the skipper took it ill that the men should make sport of their-groanings, for they laughed with the rest, and together they waked a most reckless uproar. AH this while, though Mrs. Fairbrother had not left her bedroom, the girls* feet bad been jigging about merrily over the white holy- stoned floor to get some supper spread, and Greeba, having tapped Jason cm the shoulder, bad carried him off quietly to the door of the parlour, and pushed him in there while she ran to get a light, for the room was Jt was also cool, with crocks of milk standing for cream, and'basins of eggs and baskets of new- made cheese. And when she retained with Ihe in one hand, shaded by the luminous fingers of the other, and its bnght light on her comely face, she would have loaded him with every good thing the boose contained—collared head, nd beef, and binjeen and Manx jough, and the muck of the day's pudding: Nothing be would have, however, save one thing, and that made great sport between them ; for it was an egg, and he ate it raw, merely piercing it with the pin she lent him from her dress, and thennndring it ~ the hole. M <iu£ sight «S» made pretenoe to shudder, and then she laughed like a bell, saying he was % wild PIMI indeed, and she hadthought so when die Bret set eyes on him on the chore, and already she was more than B frail? nf him. Then they langhed again, die very slyly, be very bashfully, and while her bright eyes shone upon him she told him how like he was, now that she saw him in the light, to someone else die knew of. He asked her who that was, and die answered warily, with anmrthrng between a smile and * blnBh, that it was one who had left the island that way night. By this time the clatter pt dishes minglBd with the laughter and merry voices that came from the other aide of the ball, and the two WentlMuic Jto the kitrhen. Asher ffcirbMther, wb0 bad been daring like a sheepdog in the ingle, was then, rising to Ins .feet, and saying, " And now for-" and let it be country iasbion, giria, late hour of the night" Ooanby fodnon indeed it was, with the oak table scrubbed white liko » butcher's , and three pyzainids at potatoes, boiled their jackets, tossed out atitsfcoadabdfoot and middle, three huge blocks «E «alt, emA wtthits ^ifooden spoon, laid down at the same spaces, and a plate with abcated bepringand a. bosin of last night's jnilk before ertsryguert- •"• * - MiamWed intojthai^jiaoMS jtijjgMi phff^^^^Sa^ a sailer 1ml l>».i tlic Uk-j m> n & lady wi;»i oat look or louring. Such was the fiow oi their banter until Urreebi, bains abashed, and too hard sat to control the rich colour that mounted to her cheeks, fled laughing from the room to hide her confusion. But no rudeness was intended bv the rude sea-dogs, and no offence was taken; for in that first hour, after taey had all beeu faes to faca with death, the barrier of manners stood for nothing to master or man or mistress or maid. Bat when the tough jest seemed to have gone far enough, and Jasou, who had laughed at t first, had begun to hang his head—sitting just where Stephen Orry had sat when, long years before, he took refuge in that house fr-iui the four blue-jackets in pursuit of him—old Davy SLerruish got up and [railed his grizzled forelock, and shouted to him above toe tumult of the rest: " Nevermind theloblolly-boys,boy," 'hecried, "it's just jealous they are, being so long out of practice; and there's one thing you. c in say, anyway, aud that's this—the first thing you did ou retting foot iu the Isle of Man was to save the life bf a Manxman." Than here's to his right good health," cried Asher Fairbrother. with his mouth in a basin of milk; and in that brave liquor, with three times three and the thud ana thuug of twenty hard fists on the table, the rough toast was called round. And in the midst of it, when Gresba, having conquered her Tnaidrai shame, had crept back to the kitchen, and Mrs. Fairbrother, aroused at length by the lightsome hubbub, had come down to put an end to it, the door of the porch opened, and crazy old Chaise A'Killey stood upon the threshhold, very pale, panting for breath, and with a ghastly light in his sunken eyes, and cried, " He's dying. Where's the young man that fetched him ashore ¥ He's crying out for him, and I'm to fetch him along with me straight away." Jason rose instantly. " I'll go," he said, and he snatched up a cap. " Aha m go with -yoa,** "yoi said Greeba, and die caught up a shawl. Not a word more was said, and at the next instant, before the others had recovered from their surprise, or the laughter and shouting were yetquite gone from their lips, the door had closed again and the three were gone. Chaise in his eagerness to be back strode on some paces ahead in the darkness, and Jason and Greeba walked together. "Who is it'r" said Jason. "Do you know P* "No," stud Greeba. "Chaise "'Ehecried, but the old man, with his face down, trudged along as one who heard nothing. She tripped up to him, and Jason walking behind heard the sound of muttered words between them, but caught nothing of what passed. Dropping hack to Jason's side the girl said; " It's a man whom nobody holds of -much account, poor souL" •* What is he ?" said Jason. " A smuggler, people say, or perhaps worse. His wife has beeu long years dead, and he has lived alone ever since, shunned by most folks, and by his own sou among others. It was his sou wlio sailed to Iceland to-night." " Iceland Y Did you say Iceland f" " Yes, Iceland, it is your own country, is it not ? But he hadn't lived with his father since he was a child. He was brought up by my own dear father. It was he who seemed to be so like to you." Jason stopped suddenly in the dark lane. " What's the name r" he asked, hoarsely. " The son's name ? Michael." " Michael what r" " Michael S unlocks." Jason drew a long breath, and strode on 'without a word more. Very soon they were outside the little house in Porfc-y- Vullin. Chaise was there before them, and he stood with the door ajar. " Whisht!" the old man whispered. He's ebbing fast. He's going out with the tide. Listen!" They crept in on tip-toe, but there was small need for quiet. 'Hie place was a scene of direful uproar and most gruesome epectade. It was all but as throng of people as it had baen nineteen years before, on the day of 'Liza Liiley's wedding. On the table, the form, the three-legged stool, and in the chimney czimer, they sat together cheek-by- jowl, with eyes full of awe, most of than silent or speaking low behind their hands. On the bed the injured man lay and tossed in a strong delirium. The wet clothes wherein he had passed through the sea had bseu torn off, his body wrapped in a grey blanket, and the wound on his head bandaged with a cloth. His lips were discoloured, his cheeks were white, and his hair was damp with the sweat that ran in big drops to face and neck. At his fe^t Nary Crowe stood, holding a hom cup of brandy, and by his head knelt Kane Wade, the Methodist, praying in a loud voice. "God bring him to Thy repentance," cried Kane Wade; " restore him to the joy of Thy salvation. The pains of hell have gotten hold of him. Hark how the devil is tearing him. He is like to the mail with the unclean spirit, who bad his dwelling among the tombs. The devil is gotten into him. But out wi' thee, Satan, and no more two words about it ! Thanks be unto God, we can wrestle with Thee in prayer. Gloom at us, Satan, bat never wQI we rise from our knees until God bath given us the victory over thee, lest our brother fall into the jaws of hell, and our own souls be not free from blood-guiltiness." In this strain he prayed, shouting at the full itch of the vast bellows of his lungs, and Sludest of all when the delirium of the sick man was strongest, until his voice failed him from sheer exhaustion, and then his lips still moved, and he mumbled hoarsely beneath his breath. Jason stood in the middle of the floor and looked on in his great stature over the heads of j the people about him, while Greeba, with quiet grace and gentle manners, thinned the little hut of some of the many with whom the dense air smoked and reeked. After that die lifted the poor restless, trembling, wet head from its hard pillow, and put it to rest on her own soft aim, with her cool palm to the throbbing brow, and then she damped the lips with brandy from Nary Crowe's cup. This she did, and more than this, seeming to cast away from her in a moment all her lightness, her playfulness, her bounding happy spirits, and in the hour of need to find such tender offices come to her, as to all true women, like another sense. And presently the delirium abated, the wearv head lay still, the bleared eyes opened, the discoloured lips parted, and the injured man tried to speak. But before ever a word could come, the change was seen by Katie Wade, who cried, " Thank God, he has found peace. Thank the Lord, who has given ns the victory. Satan is driven out of him. Mercy there ts for the vilest of sinners." And on the top of that wild shout old Chaise struck up, without warning, and in the craziest speech that overcame from tinman throat, a rugged hymn of triumph, wherein all the lines were one'line and all the notes one note, but telling how the Lord was King over death and all the devils. Again and again he sang a vezse of it, going faster at every repetition, and the others joined lam, struggling to keep pace with him; all but Groeba, who tried by vain motions to stop the tumult, -and Jason, who looked down at the scene with eyes full of wonder. At last the mad chorus of praise came to an nl; and the side -man said, casting his weak eyes into the faces about him," Has be He la here," whispered Greeba, and die motionrid to Jason. The lad pushed through to the bedside, and hen for the first time he came face to face with Stephen Orry. Did any voice, unheard of the others, cryin bis ear at that moment, " Jason, Jason ! thin is he whom you have crossed the seas to day, and he has sent for you to bless you, for the last sands of his life are running out!" " Leave ns alone together," «aid Stephen Orry; and Greeba, after beating out his pillow aud settling his .bead on it, was about to move away, when be whispered, " Not yoa," and held her back. . Then, with one accord the others called oa to him not to turf over carnal thoughts, for Ins eoul was passing through dark waters, and lie should never take rest until he bad east anchor « a troublous voyage. "Get religion," cried Kane Wade. "Lay hoolt of a free salvation," cried old Chslse. "All flash ia as grass," cried Matt Mylehreest. " Pray without ceasing," they all cried together, with much beside in the same wild strain. "I cannot pray," the sick man muttered. pray for yon, mate,** nahoo&ed; Ony, &re; good; it's too late—too late." " Now (e the pointed time,' Wade. " The Lord can savB to the uttermost —the wont sinner of tuoIL" "If I'm a sinner, let me not beaoowardin my B^^aaidjStepheu Ony. "Have pity on But Kane Wade went on to tell the story of Us Own convrrrfqn. It was en a Saturday mfihtof the moctealBeaaondown atKinsale. wamc&n; bad fimd iUelf upon him that ff -be did not bear His jSrianfafr before the «ockataick twBl»t^ wwdd lie damned to aH eternily. WbmtbaS^k -iiifajgaB to mta toc the Stair «f Ha O. .JU i-;r »tiU uu«ivbI. But teiitM it hikl liuishetl a*]iiiau£ s!i« Saviour was his, an j. i:u v.-as rejoicing iu a blesasd salvation. •'Eos-on you torture a poor dying man P* m'itteed Siepbiai Orry. Call ca t'ae Lord, mate," snouted Eaae Wade, iiora, I bei&ve;, ilelp Thou my unbelaie.'" I've something to do. and tha piixis o£ asiith hive hold of ma," muttered Sieuiiou Ony. He p'irtlioned the thiie on the cross," cried old Ckaiss, " aiiii he's yottea partaou iefi for you." " Cruel—cruel! Have you uo pity for a wretuaed uying man i" mumbled Stephen Orry. " You've not livei a right life, brother,"cried Kane Wade, " and you've baenever wake iu yer intellects, m never take rest till ye've read your title clear." " You would scares thiaic they could have the lu art these people—you would scarce think it, would your'' Stephen Orry, liftiug his poor glassy eyes to Gresba's face. Then with the sajie quiet grace as before, the girl got up, aud gently pushed tha meu out of the housj one by one. '* Come back in an hour," the whispered. It was a gruesome spectacle—the rude Methodists, v.'ii j their land roicus and hot faces and eyes of fli:i.e ; trying t-> do their duty by the toul oi' theii- lelioiv creature ; the poor tortured sceptic, who Ioijv.-he had livcaan evil life and saw nohojie of pardon, and would not bj so much a co ivaru as to cry for mercy in his las: hours; ihe young Icelander looting on in siienee and surprise; and the girl moving hither and thither amoug them all, like a softvoiced dove iu a cage of hoarse jackdaws. But wkeo the little house was clear, and the Methodists, who started a hymn ou the beach outside, had gone at last, aud their singing had faded away, and there was only the low wail of (be ebbing tide where there had been so loud a Babel if many tongues, Stephen Orry raised himself feebly on bis elbow and asked for his coat. Jason found it oh the hearth and lifted it up, still damp and stiff, from the {Middle of water that lay under it Then Stephen Orry told him to put his hand in the breast pocket and take out what he would find there. Jason did as he was bidden aud drew forth the bag of moner. " Here it is," he said, " what shall I do with it " It is yours," said Stephen Orry. " Mine ?" said Jason. " I meant it for my son," said Stephen Orry. He spoke in his broken English, but let us tate the words out of his mouth. " It's yours now, my lad. Fourteen years I've been gathering it, meaaiug it for my sou. Little I thought to part with it to a stranger, but it's yours, fo you've earned it," " No, no," said Jason. " I've earned nothing.' ' " VTou tried to save my life," said Stephen Orry. " I couldn't help doing that," said Jason, " and I want no pay." *• But it's two houdred pounds, my lad." " No matter." Then how much have you got i" " Nothing." " Has the wreck taken all r" " Yes; no ; that is, I never had anything." *' x'ake the money. For God's sake, take it, aud do what you like with it, or I'll die in torture," cried Stephen Orry, and with a groau he threw himself backward on the bed. " I'll keep it for your son," said Jason. " His name is Michael Suulocks, isn't it r And he has sailed for Iceland, hasn't he ? That's my country, and I may meet him some day." x'hen in a breaking voice Stephen Orry said, " If you have a father he must be proud of you, my lad. Who is he i" And Jason answered moodily, " I have no father—aoue I ever knew." " Did he die iu yourcnildhood ?" "Ko." " Before you were born J" " Ko." " Is he alive?" " Ay, for aught I know.* Stephen Orry struggled to his elbow again. " Then he had wronged your mother?'* he said, with his breath coming quick. *' Ay, maybe so." " The villain 1' Yet, who am I to rail at him ? Is your mother still alive V" " Where is your father r" " Don't speak of him," said Jason in an underbreath. " But what's your name, my lad ?" " Jason." With a long sigh of relief Stephen Orry dropped back and muttered to himself. " To think that such a father should never have known he had such a son." The power of life ebbed fast in him, bat after a pause, he said, " My lad." 4 4 Well," said Jason. " I've done you a great wrong." " When did you do me a wrong?" " To-night V' " How " No matter. There's no undoing it now— God forgive me. But let me be your father, though I'm a dying inau, for that will give you the right to keep my poor savings for yourself." " But they belong to your son,™ said Jason. " He'll never touch them," said Stephen Ony. " Why not said Jason. "Don't ask me. Le^ve me alone. For mercy's sake don't torture a dying nuur," cried Stephen Orry. '* That's not what I meant to do," said Jason, giving way ; " and if you wish it, I will keep the money." " Thank God," said Stephen Ony. Some moments thereafter he lay quiet, breathing fast and loud, while Greeba hovered about him. Then in a feebler voice he said ;— " Do you think, my lad, you will ever meet my soni"' " Maybe so," said Jason. " I'll go back when I've done what I came to do." " What is that Greeba whispered, but he went on without answering her. " ThougV our country is big our people are few. Where will he be ?" " I scarce can say. He has gone to look for someone. He 8 a noble boy, 1 can cell you that. And its something for a father to think of when his time comes, isn't itl' He loves his father, too—that is, he did love me when he was a little chap. You must know he had no mother. Only think, I dideverything for him, though I was a rough fellow. Yes, i nursed him and comforted him as any woman might. Ay, and the little man loved me then, for nil he doesn't bear his father's name now." Jaaon glanced up inquiringly, first at Stephen Orry and then at Greeba. Stephen saw nothing. His eyes were dim, but full of tenderness, and his deep voice was very gentle, and he rambled on with many a break and between many a groan, for the power of life was low in him. " Yoa eee, I called him Sonlocks. That was because it was kind mid close like. Qe used to ride ou my shoulder. We played together then, having no no cue else, and I was every, tiling to bun, and . he was all the world to me. Ah, that was long ago. Sunlocks— little SuiilockB—my little Sunlocks I My own little " At that point be laughed a little, and then seemed to weep like a child, though no tears came to his eves, ahd the next moment, under the pain of joyful memories and the flow of blood upon the brain, bis mind began to wander. It was very pitiful to look upon. His eyes were open, bat it was dear that they did not see ; his utterance grew thick and his word* were confused and foolish; but his face was ioy, and^nou knew that lit tip with a sunn'* rude the years had rollod back, and fellow was alone with his boy,and o him. Sometimes lie would aeeai to liaten as if for the child's answer, and then he would as if at its artless prattle. Again be aeem to aine the little one to de«p, crooning vety low a broken stave that ran a bar and then stopped. Again he would say veiy slowly what sounded lib; the words of some baby prayer, and while lie did bo his chin would betwisted into his breast and his arms would struggleto crow it, us though the child itself were once more back ih his bosom. At all this Greeba cried behind her loads Unable to look or listen any longer, and Jason, though he shed no tears, said in a i.usky voice, "Hecannot be altogether bad who loved bis km so." Hi* delirium grew stronger, the look of joy and the tender word* gave place to fiances of faar and aon» quick besoxhing, and than Jason said in a tremulous whisper, "It must be something to know yoa have a father who loves you like that." But bwadly had the words beeu spoken i he threw bade hk head and asked in a *wcebow for it was to Port Erin. About thirty mflea," said Greeba, looking "liotaunr 1 w M Si m fori Ittn" die aa»wned, Wka tnoftm of bar Itead downwards towards " He?" "Yes, emer since his wife died. Before that they lived ia this place with Michael ^unlocks. His wife met with a terrible death." "How?" " iifca was murdered by some enemy of her husband. The man escaped, but left hia name uahind liim. It was Poiiuckiscn.'* " Patricksen S" " Yes. That must be fourteen years ago, and since then he has lived alone at Port Erin. Do you wish to go there?" *• Ay—that is, «o I intended." "Why?" " To look for someone." " Who is it i" " My father." For a moment Greeba was silent, and then she said with her eyes down, " Why look for him. it he wronged your mother ?" " That's why I meant to do so." She looked up into his face, aud stammered, " But why ?" He did not appear to hear her; his eyes were fixed ou ths man on the bed; ami hardly had she asked the question when she: covered her ears with her hands as though to shut out his answer. " Was thai why you came?" she asked. " Yes," he answered. ** If we had not been wrecked to-night I should have dropped overboard aud desertsd."' "Strange," she said. " It was just what he did, when he came to the island nineteen years ago." Yes, nineteen years ago," Jason repeated, lie s^Aike like a man in a sleep, ami she bsgan to tremble. " What is the matter r " she said. Within a few minutes his lace had suddenly changed, and it was now awful to look upon. Not lor an instant did he turn his ejes trom the bed. The delirium of the sick man had deepened by this tone; the little, foolish, baby playwords in the poor broken English came from him no more, but he seemed to ask eager questions, in a tongue that Greeba did not understaid. " This man is an Icelander," said Jason. " Didn't you know that before r" said Greeba. " What is his name ?" said Jason. " Haven't you heard it yet r" " What is his name ?" Then for one quick instant he tamed his face towards her foce, and she seemed to read his thought. "My God!" she cried, and she staggered back. Just them there was a sound of footsteps on the shingle outside, and at the next moment Stean and Thurstan Fairbrother aud old Davy Kerruish pushed opeu the door. They had come to fetch Greeba. r "The Methodee man tould ns," said Davy, standing by Jason's side, " aud, my gough, but it's mortal cur'ous. What's it's saying, ' Talk of the divil,' and sure enough it was the big widtla man hisself we were talidug of, less nor a half hour afore we struck." " Come, my lasa," said Thurstan. " No, no, I'll stay here," said Greeba. " But your mother is fidgetting and this is no place for a slip of a girl—come!" " I'll stay with him alone," said Jason. " No, no," cried Greeba. " It's the lad's right, for all," said old Davy. He fetched the poor chap out of the water. Come, let's take the road for it." " Will no one stay instead of me ?" said Greeba. " Where's the use ?" said Davy. " He's raelly past help. He's outward bound, poor chap. Poor Orry! Poor ould Stephen!'' Then they drew Greeba away, and with a look of fear fixed on Jason's face she passed out at the door. Jason was now alone with Stephen Orry, and felt like a man who had stumbled into a hidden grave. He had set out over the seas to search lor his father, and here, at his first Getting foot on the land, his father lay at his feet. So this was Stephen Ony ; this was he for whom his mother had given up all; this was he for whom she had taken a father's curse; this was he for whom she had endured poverty and shame ; this was he who had neglected her, struck her, forgotten her with another woman ' thic was he who Sad killed her—the poor, loving, loyal, passionate heart—not in a day, or ail hour, or a moment, but in twenty long years. Jason stood over the bed .and looked down. Surely the Lord God had heard his great vow and delivered the man into his hands. Hie would have limited the world over to find him, but here at a stride he had liiin. It was heaven's own justice, aud if he held back now the curse of his dead mother would follow him from the grave. Yet a trembling shook his whole frame, and his heart beat as if it would break. Why did he wait ¥ He remembered the tenderness that had cr^pt upon him not many minutes ago, as he listened to the poor baby babble of the man's delirium, and at that the gall in his throat seemed to choke him. He hated himself for yielding _ to it, for now he knew for whom it had beeu been meant. It had been meant for his own father doaling over the memory of another son. That son had supplanted himself; that son's mother had supplanted his own mother; and yet he, in his ignorance, had all but went for both of them. But no matter, he was now to be God's own right hand of justice on this evil-doer. Dawn was breaking, and its woolly light crept lazily in at the little window, past the lamp that still burned ou the window-board. The wind had fallen, and the sea lay gloomy and dark, as if with its cmn heavy memories of last night's tempest. The grey light fell ou the sick man's face, and under Jasou's eyes it seemed to light up the poor, miserable, naked soul within. The delirium had now set in strong, and many w?re the wild words and frequent wits the cry that rang through the little house. " Not while he is like that," thought Jason. I will wait for the lull." He took up a pillow in both hands and stood by the bed aud waited, never lifting Ins eyes off the face. But tl e lull did not come. Would it not come at all ? What if the delirium were never to pass away ? Could he still do the thing he intended ? No, no, no ! But heaven had heard his vow aud led him there. The delirium would yet pass; then he would accuse his fijther face to face and eye to eye, and then The current of Jason's thoughts was suddenly arrested by a cry from the sick man. It was " HacUel! liach'il! Rachel!" spoken in a voice of deep entreaty, and there came after it in disjointed words of the Icelandic tongue a pitiful appeal for forgiveness. At that a great fear seized upon Jason, and the pillow dropoed from bit hiuid4 to the ground. •'.Rachel'. Bachel'" came again in the same pitiful voice of supplication; and at the sound of that name so spoken, the bitterness of Jason's heart went off like a wail of the wind. It was a cry of remorse; a cry for pardon ; a cry for mercy. There could be no jugglery. In that hour of mind's awful vanquishraent a human soul stood naked before him as before its Maker. Jason's great resolve was shaken. Had it limed hia enemy into hia hinds like this— dying, delirious, with broken brain and broken heart? Still his mother's name came from bis father's hps, and then his wind went back tethe words : that bad so lately passed between them. "Let me be your father, though I am a dying man." Ah! sweet, beautiful, blind fallacy— could he not let it be? The end was very near; the delirium passed away, and Stephen Orry opened his eyes. The great creature was a quiet as a child now, and as soft and gentle as a child's waa his deep, hoarse voice. He knew that he had been wandering in bis mind, and when he looked into Jason^a face a pale smile crossed bis own. " I thought I hod found her," he said, very esimply," mv poor young wife that once was: it was she that I bad lost ao long ago, and did such wrong by." Jason's throat was choking him, but he stammered oat: " lie still, air, lie etQl and st" But Stephen Ony talked on in the same simple way. " Ah, bow ally I am. I forgot yoe didn't know." " lie still and rent,* said Jason again. There wps someone with her, too. Z thought it was her soa—her child and mine, that was to come when I left her. And only think, I looked again, and it seemed to be yoa. Yes, yoa—for it was the face of him that fetched me out of the sea. I thought you were my son indeed." Then Jason could bear up no longer. Hie flung himself down on. hia knees by thn bed- «mt buried bis face In the dying man's breast." - - " PWther," he sobbed, " I m •wrrson." But Stephen Orry only smiled, and answered very quietly, •* Ah, yea, I remember—that part of our bargain, my good fad. Well, God bless you, tay son. God bless and qieed yoo." And that waathe end of Orry. :'> f> < ' •.... fntaaouanausuw) . . 