THEATRE ROYAL. -Iftimlet, as presented last evening by the Milo Shakespearian Company at the Theatre Royal,' certainly eollpsed previous effort«,' and muBt be chioniclcd as a thorough sue* oess. The attendance was very large, and His Exoelleucy the Governor' and Lady Hamilton and suite wcro pre- sent. Mr. Milo, in his reading ' of the part of the melancholy Prluco of Den- mark has made one or two marked depar- tures from the linos followed by known de- lineators of this character. He does not, for instance, adhere to tho Irving'jntorpro tation" by constituting " "the oharâo ter Jthit of - a man of almost [,'evan temperament' weighed down by ,tho une great shadow of his father's d«etb¡ only stirred into the, wildest frenzy on one occasion-that of the chamber soene with' the Queen Mother. Neither is he it»'all respects alike to the Creswick-rendering; although his 'p<rformance-is,nearerm%tfl',io this in several respects. In'tlio fact'thit the olmr.ictor, whilst affording' fullest scope to histrionic ability, yet possesses but few passages that a careful student' would fall iuto the error of construing in a manner which has been aptly described as playing to the gallery, is, perhaps, to be found the reason for the sucoess achieved,' Mr. Miln does not appear to advantage1 when giving 'fronz ed declamations, ' but ho certainly docs in what is finer r and', fat ! more1'difficult' to successfully ', interpret , soliloquies' vqld of , any( fever, passions, cool reasoning) aud deep calculation. ' The first of these, .that beginning with' the well known "Oh i that this too, tooi solid ' flesht Would meit," was givon with a pathos and1 power that, established a-promise of 'the' thoroughness of the whole'nbt^bellid'by subsequent results. Every line breathed of a soul wrung by, its .misery, a reason racked almost ,to ,' its ' 'unseating, /») poignancy of anguish'T the ' which must plucc Mr. Milli, ' 'for 'J this alone,, in the front ranks of Shakespearean actor«. In the interview with the ghost,.too, similar characteristics were noticeable, It wun in these portions tint he made- his nearest approach to the Irving version. His soli- loquy in tin third aot precedent to tho inter- view with Ophelia must'rank',equal to tile tendering by Creswick, but in tho concluding passages of i this interviow ' the dcclu 'mation was . harsh, albeit. Mrl Miln was visibly suffering from a, 'cold, aüd muUe.-a contrast that jirrcd /.somewhat.' It .was, however, in the chamber . scone that he(appoared at his best, the 'Varying moodsj all of them subservient to the purpose to upbraid, boiug very fiucly" given.' Tho re- presentation throughout was marked ' by an I ovenness that constituted it ¡undeniably his' best effort during the oui-rontae&son; indeed, : we doubt the ability to surpass its general 'excellence. It ,wus¡ a i masterly . produc- tion, and one that carried,'with it the^ sympathies and appreciation, of all ipiesent, the marks of approval,being ac .corded with a discrimination that intimated how'close au attention was being > gi veil te it.' Miss Louise Jordan has undoubtedly Ibocn, in tho'main, ill-fitted by tho parts she has'been previously called, Jupon to sustain) |bat~ last uig|it hor very" clover .,render ling of Ophelia took everyone byi surf ! prise. From the airy '". maid , to ' 'the ¡wounded loving »oman,, culininatinKJ'io. .the/mad scene, her acting was,strikingly natural. There has been on previous occa- sions a tendency to lengthy'pronunciation .that fills somewhat painfully on English ears, but this »as-entirely absont last night, and in the modi scene this lady gave evidence of ability/ of.'a1 very high older ; indeed we think wo do no injustice when we! classify it as oue of the beiU performances' we have1 witaessedi in the colonies. Mr. O. R. Ireland, t m. Clsndfnsr{King of Denmark", playstTwitK" his usual care. Mr, Greenaway gave acare ful and withal .pleasing reading of Horatio,, his 'acting In "the Brst act meeti og witt' ' " served mark of -appreciation. ' tit', D acted Laertes** with feeling," aâd,....... Henry Hodson was .well luitèfi; jny, thee double ''. of Polonius Jand'^iMrsV, Gravedigger. » On Mr. Callef*""B devolved the' ghostly duties. Mia*: Douglas bjsd greater oppartiwitieafl character of Gertrude, Queen of'Dea^iian, thau afforded on'any previous occasion,'; ind/ these were, tsken full advantage bf¿ "Xlthe' .ll.hlllA. aAUMA I.A.. .IMWI fill I, lilli,,, '¿alii. ohamber scene her powerful acting ,-rrp- . lished ali previous estimates of her kbfuw. During the evening the orchestra, under Mr. Brown, performed the following, musical items :-Overture, " Light Cavalry.", Suppo; waltz, "Ivy," arianged for bells/by J. Brown; selection, "I Puritauia/VjBellliii; March, " Turkish Patrol," MichaeÜB ; schottische, "Lydha," Bonnlssran./u/fcwitó will,be repeated to night for the' last timo,' audit behoves those who would witness al performance, whioh for all-round excellence has nevei beon excelled in Hobart to/take I ad.-a&tage; of'thls opportunity. " ,.,:, o »lili 