THE COAL DEPUTATION. ( lo the Editor of the Chronicle)* Sib, — In yesterday's issne of your valuable paper there appears an interesting letter signed ' Resident,' in which tbe secretary of the Miners Executive Committee in Howard iB charged with various sins of omission and commission. Without occupying a greater portion of your valuable space than is abso lutely necessary, I may state for tbe benefit of the public, and I hope the edification of ' Resident,' tbat he evidently knows as j much about the matter he u writing about as I know where and when the three or four meet ings were called, let him ask the members of the committee who Attended and had tbe pleasure of marching borne again ; no doubt they will accommodate him. Before closing I may take occasion to inform -( Resident' tbat I was simply acting under instructions when £ called the meetings verbally, two or three members of tbe committee, for prudential considerations, having advised me to act as I did. It would indeed be passing strange if, as ' Resident' seems to think, I was shirking my duty in this respect, Boeing that . I have a pecuniary interest in getting the committee together ; and as for public dissatisfaction it is pure nonsense to talk about such a thing, since the general public care as little whether a meeting is ever held or not as Hamlet's ghost. The fact is the public are trembling in their shoes in case the committee ask them for another subscription. ' Resident' would better employ his tima and talents in culti vating habits of prudent veracity in the future, and leave the pubUo to take care of itself. Thanking you in anticipation. I am, &c.;, J. H. G&eenu;, Sooretary. August 7th,* ? Tbe London tram-men tb rough, com- , blng bave bettered tbeir condition, their I dally . boure of labour being reduced .from 13} to Hi, Thousands of eeamen are still on strike In Glasgow and Liverpool, and shipowners avow tbeir determination not to pay tbe increased rate demanded by tbe men. Tbe Nottingb&m; laoemabera threaten to strike against a proposed re duction in tbeir wages. An outdoor pauper at Godalmlog, aged 72 hftB just been married, tbe .age of tbe bride being 88 years. 