Saul's Humanity. , Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South ?Wales in England, suggests at a venture, that the new war oruisera for Australia nhonld bear aboriginal names. This now is very gool in ? deed. Too many adjectives cannot bo employed to accentuate its goodness. The dictionaries do not contain enough ; the English language though it has robbed almost every other to en rich itself, does not contain the required words. And thiB humane suggestion oomes from Saul 3amutl. Now he is a man without a spark of — ?- S3iv,.o™u leuveTHie island bu¥ is unobl to do so ?without n license, ?which is refused him, when tho High Bailiff discovers that ho intends to leave his ?wife to be a burden on the parish. In liis distraction he resolves to murder his Uttlc odo, a bright boy. whom he has named Sunloeks from liislsolden hair. At last, however, ho relents owing to the child's prattle, and going homo lie is horrified nt Uncling his wife dead on ho floor, with the words -written in Icelandic on the ?wall above her, ' tio is Patricksen avenged.' ClIAPTEE VI.— After the death of Liza, Stephen Orry rises up and takes little Sunloeks ou his shoulders to the house of tho Governor, Adam Fail-brother. He there offers the child to the Governor, and Fairbrother, contrary to tlio remonstrances of his wife, consents to take Sun locks into his home. He will be a companion to his littlo daughter Greebn, he says. The children grow up topether, but uftor a few years (Jreeba is taken by the Duchess of Atliol, the wife of the owner of Man. to London, as u voune companion. After this severance, Fob-brother becomes more and more attached to Sunloeks, much to the chagrin of his sous, who conspire nguinst him and are assisted by their mother. She with her sons leave the Governor nndgocs to live at Lague, which belonps to him, while he remains at Uoverninent House. Ho then sends for little Greeba, and the father watches the meeting between her and Sunloeks, now grown into a fiiio South. Ho is just praying that God may grant tint the meeting should be the end of all partings between them and himself, when Stephen Orry unpears and asks that Sunlocka should go with him into his own country. It was Easter day. 19 years after Stephen Orry had fled from Iceland. Ciiaptem VII. and VIII.— Stephnn Orry is an xious that his son shall be educated in a Latin Hchool in Iceland, and niter a good deal of hesita tion on tho part of the lad, and after Fail-brother hnd told him what his father had borne for his sake, Sunloeks consents. His father informs him that he wishes him to visit Iceland in order to do what can be done for the wife he lins abandoned, if she is alive, and to be as a brother to his son, if he can find him. Sunloeks, after an affectionate leavetaking from Greeba leaves for Iceland. His father gives him a sum of money— £200-ho has managed to save from somowliat questionable practices. He promises however, in reply to his son's entreaties, not to obtain nny more by tho name means. ' There'll be no occasion now, said Stephen. ' But will you promise mo !' 'Ay.' ' Then give mo tho money.' Stephen handed the bag to llichael. 'It's four teen years of your life, is it not.'' 'So to say.' 'And now it's ?mine, isn't it, to do as I like with it 1' 'No, sir, but so do as you ought with it.' 'Then I ought togivo it bnck to you. Come, take it. But wait 1 Remember youtfpromise, father. Don't if orgot— I've bought every hour of your lifo that's left.' CnAiTBB IX. — The Coming of Jabon. Father and son parted at the ship's side in s'lence, with throats too full for speech. Many small boats, pulled by men and boys, were lying about the ladder, and there was a good deal of shouting and Bweaiirg and noisy laughter there. Some of the boatmen recognised Michael Sunlocks, and bellowed their farewells to h/un. 'Dybanne Jee oof' 'God bless yon! -God bless you!' they said, and then among themsolveB they seemed to discuss the reason of his going. 'Well, what's it sayingf' said one. ' The crab that lies always. in its hole is never fat.' The air had freshened, the swell of the sea i had risen, and a sharp breeze was coming up from the east. Stephen Orry stepped his mast, hoisted mainsail and mizzen, and stood out to Bea. (He had scarcely got clear away when he : heard the paoket weigh its anchor and beat down behind him. They were making towards the -Point of Ay re, and when they came by the light:Stephen Orry Blackened off, and watohed the ship go by him in the darkness. He felt aB if (hat were tho last he was ever to see of his Bon in this world. And he loved 'him with all the strength of his great, broken, bleeding heart. At that thought tha outcast. man laid his head in Mb hands, where ho -sat orouohiny at the tiller, and sobbed. There were none to hear him there : he was alone ; and tho low moan of the Boa oame up through the night from where his son was sail ing away. 'How long he sat there he did not know ; he ?was thinking of his paBt, of -his bad life in Ice land, and his loner expiation in the Islo of Man. In the multitude of his sensations it seemed impossible to his dazed mind to know whiob of these two had been the worse,. orthe morefoolish. Together they had left him a wreok. Intheono ihe had thrown away the wife who loved him, in the other he had given up the eon whom ho loved. What was left to him ? Nothing. He was , a waif, despised and downtrodden. He ?thought of what might have happened to him, if the obancos of lifo hud been different, and in that first hour of his last bereavement all the 'ji softening influences of 19 years, the uplootc ing: and upwocking and the struggle towards ? atonement were as much gone from him, as if ? '? they had never been. Then he thought of the money, and told himself that it was not now ? '?'-' that 'he loBt his son for the first time ; he had loBthim 14 years ago, when he ported1 with ?' him to the Governor. Since then their relations tad been reverted. His littlo Sunloois was his little Sunlooka no longer. He felt humiliated, he felt hardened, and by a Btrange dmpulso, whereof he understood but little, lieournedin : hie heart his sufferings more than his sinB. They had been useless, they had been wasted, , «nd he had been a fool not to live for himtelf. Bat in that moment, when the devil seemed to . male .havoo of good juid evil together, -God himself was not doing Dothing. Stephen Orry was drifting with the tide, ' when all at once he became conscious of tho lapping of the water on etonea near at , hand and of a bright light shed over the sea.' Then lie saw that he had driftod close to low ground oft the Point of Ayro. He bore hard aport . aid beat out to sea again. Very Boon the ?white water-way was behind him; nothing ' ' v/bb visible save the dork hull of the veeBel -' going off towards tho north, . and nothing audible eave the ory of a few gulls that were fishing by tha light of tho lamp. It had been the -work of three minutes only, but in that time one vivid impression had fined itself on V Stephen's predcoupied mind. The ond of tho sandstone pior had been battered down by a recent Btorm ; tho box that once held tho light xs tad gone dowu with it, a pole had been thrust **^ ' out ot an auglo from tho overthrown stones, # and from the tnd of this pole tho lamp swung hya tope. No idea connected itsnlf with this '- impression, whioh lay low down behind othor .. -&?-? -hts. ? v Vile fog hBd lifted, but the night was still vcry-dark. Not a star was chining and no moon appeared. Yet Stephen's eye— tho eye of a ?'Bailor accustomed to the darkness of the sea at night- could descry something that lay to the north. The Irish packet had disappeared 1 Ye j, her sails were now gone. ' But out at sea — far out, half a league away— what blaok thing was there F Oh, it muet be a cloud, that was all ; and no doubt a storm was brewing. Yotno, it was looming- larger and larger, and coming near and nearer. It was a sail. Stephen could eee it plainly enough now against tho leaden Bky. It was a schooner ; he could make out its two masts, with fore and aft Bails, and its square yards forward. It was an1 Irish schooner, he conld recognise its heavy hull and hollowed cutwater. It was tacking against wind and tide from the north-east. It was a Dublin schcoi. er and was homeward bound from Ioo ,)and, having called at Whitehaven and being about to put into Ramsey. Stephen O^ry had been in tho act of putting about when this object oaught his eye, but now a strange thing oojuito J. All -it onoe his lato troubles lay baok in his mind, and by a R.ort of unconscious mechanical habit of in telUct he began to put familiar idoiR together. Thir schooner that was coming from Iceland would be heavy laden ; it would have whale bone and eider-down and tallow. If it ran ashcre and was wrecked some of this cargo might be taken by eomeone and sold for some thing lo a Frenoh pmuggler that lay outsido tha Chiukrn Books. That lamp on tho Point of Ayre was the only sea-light on thiB north coaBt oi tie island, and it hung by a ropa from a polu. The land lay low about it, there was not a liouse on that sandy headland for miles on miles, and the night was very dark. All this c»me up to Stephen Orry's mind by no effort of will ; he looked out of fiia dull eyes ou tho dull stretch of sea aDd sky, and the thoughts were , there of themselves. What power outeide himself was at work with him? Did anything tell him that this was tho great moment of his life — that his destiny hung on it, that the ordeal he had just gone through was as nothing to the ordeal thit was ytt before him ! As he sat in his boat, peering into tha darkness at the black shadow on the horizon, did any voioe whisper in his 'ear: 'Stephen Orry, on the ship that is yonder there ib one who hates you and has sworn to slay you? He is coming, he is coming, and he is flesh of your flesh ! He is your own son, and Rachel's !' Stephen Orry fetched his boat away to lee ward, and in two minutes more he had run down the light on the Point of Ayre. The lamp fell into the water, and then all was dark. Stephen Orry steered on over the fresh ening sea and then slackened off to wait and watch. All this time he had been Bitting at the tiller, never having risen from it since he stepped hiB mast by the side of the packet. Now he got on his feet to shorten sail, for the wind -W8B rising and he meant to drift by the mizztn. As he rose something fell with a clank to the boat's bottom from his lap or his pocket. It was the bag of money, which Michael Sunlocks had returned to him. Stephen Orry stooped down to piok it up ; and having it in his hand he dropped baok like a man who has been dealt a blow. Then, in deed, a voice rang in hiB ears ; he could hear it over the wind that was rising, the plash of the white breakers on the beach, and the low boom of the deep sea outside. 'Remember your promise, father. I hive bought every hour of your life that's left.' His heart seemed to stand still. He looked around in the dull agony of a fear that waB now ta him, turning his eyes first to the headland that showed faintly against the heavy sky, then to the pier where no light now shone, and then to the bluok cloud of sail that grow larger every iiistant. One minute paused— two- three. Meantime the blaok cloud of sail was drawing c'oeer. There were living men aboard of that ship, and they were running on to their death. Yee, they were men, living men— men with ?Hives who loved them, and children who climbed to their knees. But perhaps they had seen the light when it went down. Merciful heaven, let it be so — let it be so ! The bouI of Stephen Orry was awake at length. Another minute he waited, another and another, and the blaok shadow came yet nearer. At her next tack tho ehip would run on the land, and already Stephtn seemed to hear the grating of her keel over the rooks below the beach. He could bear the suspense so longer, and hcisted sail to bear down on the schooner and warn her. But the wind was strong by this time, driving hard off the sea, and the tide ran faster than before. Stephen Orry was now some thirty fathoms space to the north of the broken pier, aid at that point the current from across Maughold 'Head meets the current going aoross the Mull of 'Galloway. Labouring in the heavy sea he conld barely fetch abont, but when at last he got head out to sea he began to drive down on the schooner at a furious speed. He tried to run olose along by her on the weather side, but before he came within a hundred fathoms, he saw that he waB in the full race of the north current, and strong seaman though he was, he could not get near. Then he shouted, but the wind carried away his voioe. He shouted again, but the schooner gave no sign. In the darkness the dark vessel scudded past him. He was now like a man possessed. Fetching about he ran in before the wind, thinking to pass the Boboonei on her track. . Ho passed her indeed ; but he was shot far beyond her, shout ing as'he went, but again his voice was drowned in the roar of the sea. He was almost atop of the breakers now, yot he fetohed about once more, and shouted again and again and again. But the ship came on and on, and no one heard the wild voice, that rang out between the dark sea and sky like the cry of a strong swimmer in his laBt agony. The schooner was the Peveril, homeward bound from Reykjavik to Dublin, with 100 tonB of tallow, 60 bales of eider-down, and 60 oaeks-of cods and sharks' oil. Leaving the Icelandic capital on the morning after Easter Cay, with a fair wind, for theOuter Hebrides; she had run through the North Channel by the ?middleof the week, and put into Whitehaven with the (English mails on tho Friday. Next 'day she had stood out over tho Irish sea for the Isle of Man, intending to lie off Ramsay for contraband rum. Her skipper and mate were both Englishmen, and hor crew were all Irinh, exoept two, a Manxman and an 'Icelander. The Manxman waa a grizzled old sea-dog, who had followed the Manx fisheries 20 years and smuggling 20 othor years, and thou turned ?seaman bef ore the !mast. His name was Davy Keraunh, and when folks asked if the Method ists had got hold of him, that lie had turned honest in his old age, he olosed one rheumy yellow eyo very knowingly, tipped one ebony thumb over hia shoulder to where thoGovern ment cutters lay anohored outside, and said in a touohing voico, ' Aw, well, boy, -I'm think ing Castle Rusben isn't no place for a poor man when he's gettin' anywayB ould.' Tbo Icelander was a brawny young follow of about 20, of great height and big muscles, and with long red hair. He had shipped at Reyk javik, in the room of an Irishman, who had died on the out ward trip and been buried at sea off the Engy Island. He was not a favourite among the crew ; ho spoke English well, but was no good at a yarn in tho forecastle ; ho was silent, gloomyj not too fond of work, and often tho butt of his mates in many a lumber ing jest that ho did nnt seem to see. Ho 'had signed on Ifao wharf on the morning the (chooner sailed, and tbo only kit ho had brought aboard wbb a rueh oage with a oanary. He hung the bird in the darnness above bie bunk, and it was all but his sole companion. Now and again ho spoke to old Korruish, but hardly ever to the other men. ' Oeb, eollum and quiet lek,' old Davy would Eay at the galley fine, 'but none bo simple at all. Aw, no, nu, no ; and wonderful cur'ouo about my own bit of an island yander.' The Icelander* was Jaaon, Bon of Eaohel and Stephen Orry. Ihere is not a more treaohecons ohannel around the Sritieh Isles than that which lies between St Bee's Head, tho Mull of Gollo way, and the Point of Ayro, for four strong ourrents meet and fight in that nook of the Itish Sea. With a stiff breeze on tho port quarter, the Pevoril hod been driven due weBt from Whitehaven on the heavy current from the Solway Frith, until she had met the current from tho North Channel, and then she lad tacked down towards the Isle of Man. It was dark by that time, and the skipper had leaned over tho starboard gangway until he had sighted the light on the Point of Ayie. Even then he had been puzzled, for tho light was feebler than ho remembered it. ' ' Can you make it out,,payy!?' h0 had said to old Kerruisbl' '!.';' /.', ,.,. , , ; , 'Aw, yes, thoDfth, .and plain, as, ,plara,' BSid Davy; and then the skipper , had), gone below. The Manxtran had' been at the helm, aid Jaton, who was on the same watah, had^idlod up to him at intervals and held a conytrs ttiou ?with him in Bnatohos, of which this is the sum ond tub-iance. ??--:. ' Js it the Iole of Man on the starboard bow. Daw P' ??.:..;'??? , 'I darn' Baj m, boy.' ' Lived there lorg ' Davy ? ' ' 'Aw; thiny years bfore' you' were born, inajbe,' ' ? ???? ???- ? ? ? ., . ?? ' Ever known any of my countrymen Jn the island t' ? ? ? ??- i ' Just ( ne, boy ; just one.' 'Whatwashe?' ; ? ; 'A big ohap, six feet six if an inch, and ter'blo strong, and a fist on him like -a aid go ; and a rough enough divil, too,; and ye jdarn' spit afore him ; but .quiet for all— aw, yes, wonderful quiet.' '.'.'? 'Who was he, Davy?' ' A widda man these teens of year,' ' But wlat was his name ?' ' Paul— no ! Peter — no! Chut, blos9 ye, it's clano gone at mo ; but it's onu of the lot in the ould Book, anyway.' 'Was it Stephen?' 'By gougb, yes, and a middlin' good guess, too.' 'Steplen what?' ' Stephen— fboo ! It's gone at me again ! What's that they're cullin' the ould King that's going buryin' down Laxey way ?'.' , . . '?Oriyr' , ,.'-.., ., ,: '?? ' Stephen Orry it is, for sure ! Then it's like you knew him,' buy f'.. ..,. v! . ,,] 'No — that is — no, he.',' '..,..' ?; '.'?,_' 'No relations?' . .. - 'Ko. But is he still alive i' ..„? ; 'Aw, yes, though.. It's unknowned to me that he's dead, any way.' . '? AVhere is he living now ?' 'Down Port Erin way, by the sound, B3mc place.' . ., . 'Davy, do wo put. into the harbour at Bcmsay i' . 'Aw, divil a. chance of that, boy, with sperritB comin' over the side quiet -like in the night, you know. 18d. a gallon, and as much as you can drink for nothin'.' ' How far do we lie outside ?' ?? Maybe a biscuit throw or two. We ne7ei uceder lie farther, boy.' ' That's nothing, Davy.' After that the watch bad been changed, and then a strange thine had happened. The dij had been heavy and cold, with a sky that hung low over the sea, and a mist that reduced the visible globe to a circle of 50 faihoms wide. At the night had olosed in the mist had lifted, and tho wind had risen and some sheets of watei had come combing over the weather quarter. Tho men had been turned up to stow the yards and bring the schooner to the wind, and when they had gone below, they had bees wet and miserable, chewing doggedly at thn tobacco in their cheeks, for the sluBh-lamp had not yet been lighted. And just then, above the muttered curses, the tramping of heavy boots, and the swish of oilskins that were being shaken to drain them, there arose the sweet Bcng of a bird. It waB Jason's canary, singing in the dark coiner of his bunk a foot above hia head, for on coming below the lad had thrown himself down in hiB wet clothes. The growl ing came to an end, the shuffling of feet stopped, and the men paused a moment to listen, and then burst into peals of laughter. But the bird gave no heed either to their silence or their noise, but sang on with a full throat. And the men listened, and then laughed again, and then suddenly ceased to laugh. A match was struck, and the sluBh-lamp began to gleam out over mahogany faoes that looked at each other with eyes of awe. The men shook out their coats and hung them over the stanchions. Still the bird sang on. It was uncanny, this strange singing in the darkness. The men charged their cuddies, -fired up, and crouched together as they smoked. Still tho bird sang on. ' Och, it'B the divil in the oraythur,' said one; 'you go bail there's a storm browin'. It's just ole Harry hisself rej'icing.' ' Then, by St. Patrick. I'll screw the neck of him,' Eaid another. ' Aipy, man, aisy,' said old Davy ; ' it's the lad's ' 'Tho 'lad ? ' said the other, and up ho jumped. Jason Baw the man coming towards bis bunk, and laid hold of tho wrht of tho arm that he stretched over it. ' Stop that,' said JaBon ; but tho lad was on hid back, and in an instant the man had thrown his body on top of him, leaned over him and wrenched open the door of the cage. The song stopped ; there was a short rustle oi wings, a slight ehirp-cbirp, and then a moment's lilence, followed by the man's light laugh as'he drew back with the little yellow bird dangling by tho neck from bis black thumb and fo-enoger. But before the great hulking fellow had twisted about to where his mateB sat and «moked under the lamp, Jason 'had leapt from his bunk, stuok his fiBt into the ruffian's throat, and pinned him against a beam. ' ? you,' he cried, thrusting his faoe into the man's face ; shall I kill you after it ?' 'Help! MyGod, help!' the man gurgled out, with Jason's knuckles ground hard into his windpipe. The others were in no hurry to interfere, but they shambled up at length, and amid Bhouts and growls of 'let go,' 'let go the hoult,' and ' God's sake. Black the grip,' the two were parted. Then the man who had killed the bird went off, puffing and cursing between his chattering teeth, and his mates-began to laugh at the big words that came from his weak stomach, while old Davy Kerruish went ovor to Jason to comfort him. 'Sarve him right, the oraythur,' said Davy. 'He's half dead, but that's just half too much life in him yot, though. It's what I've tould them times on times. - Lave him alone,' says I ; ' the lad's quiet, bnt he'll be coorse enough if he's -bothered.' And my Rough, boy, what a fare at ye yonder, when you were twissin' the handkerchief at him ! Aw, thinks I, he's the spittin picsher of the big widda man Orry, Stephen Orry, brimstone and 'Vinegar, and gunpowder atop of a slow firei' And it was just at that moment, as old Davy wns laughing through his yellow eyes and biokon-teeth at young Jason, and the other men were laughing at Jason's adversary, and the dim forecastle under its spluttering slush lamp echoed and rang with the uproar, that a wild -voice camo down from tho deck — ' Be low there:! All hands up! Breakers ahead !' Now the moment when thp watoh had been changed had been the very moment when Stephen Orry had run down tho lamp, so that neither by the Manxman who gave up the helm, nor by the Irishman who took it had the light been- misBed, when -it fell into tho sea. And the moment when Stephen Orry shouted to the sohooner to warn it hud been the moment when tho muffled Ecals of laughter at the bird's strange song ad flomo up from tho watoh below in the forecastle. ? The wind had whistled among the sheets, and the Hying spray had smitten the men's faoes, but though the mist had lifted, the sky had still hung low and dark, -allowing neither moon nor stars, nor any hint of tho land that lay ahead. But straight for the land the vereel had been driving in the darkness, under tho power of wind and tide. After a time the helmsman bad sighted a solitary light olose in on the lee bow. ' Point of Ayro,' he theught, and luffed off a little, intending to beat down the middle of the bay. It had been the tight on the jetty at Ramsey .; and the little town be hind it, with its back to the sea, lay dark end asleep, for the night was then well worn to wards midnight. After that the helmsman had sighted two stronger lights beyond. ' Ram sey,' he thought, and put his helm aport. But suddenly tho man on the lookout bad shouted, 'Breakers ahead,' and the ory had been sent down tho forecastle In en instant all hands were on deck, amid the diBtraotion and uproar, the shouting; and blind groping of tho cruel darkness. Against tho dark shy the yet darker land could now be plainly seen, and a strong tide was driving tho vessel on it. The helm was put hard to starboard, and the schooner's head began to pay off towards the wind, when Jail at onoe it was seen that right under the vessel's bow some black thing lay iuBt above the level of the fta, with a fringe of white foam around it. 1 ' Davy, what do you_mako of it ? ' shouted the ckipper. ' Lord-a-massy, it's the Carick,' aoreamed. Davy..1 ' ' 'Let go the anchor,' roared tho skipper. But it waB too lato, even for that last refuge. At the, .next moment the . aohooner etruok heavily on the reef ; she waB in Bamsey Bay, and litcibioglmigcrably with every heave of the sea. The two bright lights that led the vosael to her ruin came from the two little bays that lie under Maughold Head. Tho light in ?orty Vullin was in tho hu of Stephen Orry, who h id lit his lamp and placed it in the window wh»n he went out to bid farewell to Michael Suulook*, thinking no evil thereby to any man, but only that it would, guide him home again when he should return io the boat. The light in Port Laguo was from the cottage of three old net weavers, who had lived there without woman or girl or ohiok or child, through more than forty years. Two of throe were brothers, Danny and Jemmy Kowley, both over 70 yoars old, and their housemate, who was 90, and hud been a companion of their father, was known as Juan M'Lody. Dunny and Jemmy still wcrked at the looms year in year out, evory ?workiDg hour of the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, cooked and sowed ana cleaned for them. All three had grown dim of sight, aud now groped about like three old oarthworms. Everv year for five years paBt they had n»eded an entra candle to work by, so that eight tallow dipp, made in their own iron mould, swung fiom the open roof rafters over the meshes on that nieht when tho Pevoril struck on tho Curiok. It was supper- time, though old Danny and o'd Jen my were Btill at the looms. Old Juan had washed out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot with thfm, hung them on the chimney hook and stirred the prats. Then to make them boil 'ibe quicker he ha3 gone out with the tongB to the Bide of the house for some dry gorse from the gorse heap. While there he had peered through the darkncBB of the bay for the light on the Point of Ayre, and had miBSed it, and en going back he had mid : 'It's out again. That's the third timo insido a month. I'll go bail something will happen yet.' He had got no answer, and so sat down on the three-legged stool to feed tha fire with the gorse lifted on the tongB. When the potatoes bad boiled he had carried them to the door to drain them, and then, with the click- dock of the lovers behind him, he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and plash of the sea in front, a voico like a cry. Going indoors ho had said, 'Plague on the water-bailiff and com missioners nnd kays and councils. I'll go bail there'B smuggling going on under their very noses. I'd have the law on a lot of them, so I would.' Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper of their housemate— that he was never happy save when he had somebody to higgle with ? so I hey paid no hetd to his mutteriugs. But ?when Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a rag spread over them, went ont for the oalt herrings, to where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny pide of the porch, he ?was sure that above the oliok of the levers, the boom and spin eh of the tea and the whistle of the wind, he could hear a clamorous shout of many voices, like a wild cry of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizzened fane of deadly pallor and told what he had heard, and the shuttles were Btopped, and there was silence in the little houee. ' It went by me same aB the wind,' aaid old Juan. 'Maybe it was the nightman,' said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old Juan held on to the lover handles ; and through those precious minutes when the orew of tho schooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, these three old men, then; nearest fellow-oreatures, half . deaf, half blind, were held in the grip of niper stitious fears. ' There again,' cried old Juan ; and through *tr e door that he had left open the cry oame in above rear of wind and sea. ' It's men that's yander,' Baid old Jemmy. ' Ay,' said old Danny. ' Maybe it's a ship on the Carriok,' naid old Juan. ' Let's away and look,' said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trem bling and affrighted, straining their dim eyes to see and their dtaf ears to hear, and clinginp to each other's hands like little children, groped thpir slow way tu tho beach. Down there the cries were louder than they had been on tho brows above. ' Mercy_ me, let's away to Laguo for the boys,' said old Juan ; and leaving behind them the voices that cried for help, tho old men trudged and stumbled throu gh the dark lanes. Legue was asleep but the old men knooked, and the windows were opened, and night capped heads thrust through. Very soon the bouse and courtyard echoed with many foot steps, and the bell over tho porch rang out through the night, to call up the neighbours far and near. Hoes and Stean and Thurstan were tho first to reach the shore, and there they found tho crew of the Peveril landt d— every man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had paBBcd through to gave his life. The schooner was still on the Cariok, much injured already, plunging with every hurling sea on to the sharp teeth of the shoal beneath her, and going to pit ces fast. And now that help seemed to be no more needed the people came nockinir down in crowds— the Fairbrothers, with Greeba and all their men and maids, Kane Wade, the Metho dist, with Chaise a'Eiley, who ihad been sleeping the night at his house, Nary Crowe, and Mat Mylohreeest and old Coobragh. And while Kerruish shook the saltwater from his sou' -wester, and growled out to them with oath that they had been a plaguy long time coming, and the skipper bemoaned the less of hia ship, and the men of their kits, Chuka was down on his knees on tho beach, lifting up his crazy, craoked voice in loud thanks giving. At that time the growling ended, and then Asher Fairbrother, who had been the laBt to come, invited the ehipbroken men to Lague, and all together they turned to follow him. Just at that moment a cry was heard above the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that Beemed to eoho in the lowering dome of the cky. Sreeba was the first to hear it. 'There is someone left on the ship !' she oried. The men stopped and looked into each other's fuoes one by one. No,' said the skipper, ' we're all here.' The ory was heard once more ; it was a voice of ff aiful agony. 'That's from Poit-y- Vullin.' said Asher .Fnirbrother; and to Port-y-Vullin they all hastened off, following the way of the beaoh. There it was easy to Bee from whence the cries had ?oome. An open fiahing boat was labouring in the heavy sen, her stern half prunoing like an uiibrokeD horse, and hor lortpart jammed between two hornB of tho rook that forks out into tho sea from Maughold Head. She had clearly been .making for the little bay, when she had fallen foul of tho shoal that lioa to the north of it. Dark as the night was, the Bea and sky wore 'lighter than the blaok headland, and the figure of a man in a boat oould be seop very plainly. He was trying to unship the mast, that ha might lighten the little oraft and ease her off the horns that held her like a vice, but every fresh wave drove her head deeper into tho olof t, and at each vain effort he shouted again and again in rage and fear. A 'boat was lying high and dry on the shore. Two of the Fairbrothers, Stean and Thurstan. ran it into the water, jumped into it, and pushed off But the tide was atill making, tho sea was running high, a low ground swell was scooping- up the Bhingle and flinging it through the air like sleet, and in an instant the boat was cast baok on the shore. 'No use, man,' Bhoutcdanany voices. But Greeba oried, 'Help, help, help !' She seemed to be beside herself with suspense. Some vague fear, beyond tho thought of a man's life in peril,, seemed to posseeB hor. Did she know what it was ? She did not. Bhe dared not fix her mind upon it. She was ^afraid of her own fear. But, low down within her, and ready at any moment to leap to her throat, was tho dim ghost of a dread that he who was in tho boat, and in danger of his life on tho rock, might be very near und dear to her. With her hood fallen baok from her head to her shoulders, she ran to and fro among the men on the bench, prying, ' Ho will bo lost. Will no one save him ?' But tho other women clung to the men, and the men shook their heads and answered, ' He's past saving, ' and 'We've got wires and ohilders lookin' to us miss — and what's -he use of throwing your life away ?' » Btill the girl cried, ' Help,' and then a young fellow pushed through to whero she stood, and said, ' He's too near for us to stand here and see him die.'- . - ' ' .'' Ob, Qod- blcee, and keep you for ever and ever,' oried Greoba; and, lifted completely out tf all self- control, ehe throw her arms about he young man and kissed Liui fervently on the cheek. It was Jason. He had found a rope and coiled one end of it about his waist, and held the other end in his hand. The toush of Greeba' b quivering lips bad been a« fire to Mid. ' Lay hold,' he oried, and threw the loO3d eud of the rope to Thurstan Fairbrother. At the nex moment be was broaat high in tho sea. The man must have seen him coming, for the loud clamour ceased 'Brave lad!' aaid Greeba in a deep whisper. 'Brave, is it? It's mad, I'm calling it,' Bdid old Davy. 'Who is it?' Baid tho skipper. ' The young Icolander,' said Davy. ' Not the lad Jason r' 'Aw, yes, though— Jason — the gawk, hs they're saying. Poor lad, there's a heart at him.' The people held their breath. Greebi covered htreyeB with her handB and folt an im pulse to scream. Wading with Btronor strideB. and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards he was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleeding from a wound in the head. Groeba stooped quickly to peer into his face in the darkness, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. 'He'sd ne for,' s'»id Jason putting him down. . ' 'Who is he ?' cried a score of voices. 'God knows; fotoh a lantern,' said Jason. ' bee,' there's a light in old Orry's hut yonder. Lit's away thero with him. it will be tho nearest place,' said Kane Wade. Then .shoulder high they raised the insensible man, and carried him to Stephen Orry'e hut. ' What a weight he is !' said Kane Wade. ' Slip along, somebody, and get the door opened.' Chaise a'Killey ran ahead. ' Where's Stephen, to- night, that he's noc out with us at work same as this ?' said Mat Mylchreest. ' He's beeD down here all week,' puffed Nary Crowe. In anothor minute Chaise was knocking at the door, and calling loudly as he knocked. 'Stephen! Stephen! Stephen Orry !' There came no answer, and he knocked again and called yet louder. ' Stephen, let us in. There's a man here dying.' But no one stirred within the house. ' He's asleep' Baid one. 'Stephen — Stephen Orry— Stephen Orry — wake up, man— can't you hear us ? Have you nobowelB, that you'd keep the man out?' 'He's not at home— force the door,' Ktne Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door was fastened only by a hemp ropo wound around a hasp on the outsido, and it fell open with a crash. Then the men with the burden staggered into the house. They laid the insensible man on the floor, and thero the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon his face. ' Lord-a- massy ?' they cried, ' it's Stephen Orry himself.' (to bb continued). 