Tbe IngoMsby Legends. BY THOMAB HTGOMSSBr, EB<^. It is on my own pefaonal^Bibimscences that .1 draw/forthe foHoKi^g- ito^.-r the scene of iU'Jwding event was oijj^tfamiliar to me in f early life, i.'lf the principal actor in it be yet living,he must lmvei reacbedga^epy advanced age. lie Was often al-theHill, in my infanoy, on professional visits. ..- THE GHOST. Them stands a • City,—neither large nor small,— Its air and situation sweet and pretty; It matters very little—if at all,— Whether its denizens are dull <>r witty, Whether the ladies there ara short or tall, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a city I— Perhaps 'tis also requisite to minute Tbat there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it. A fair Cathedral, too, the story eoes, And kings and heroes lie entombed within her; There pious saints in marble pomp repose," Whose shrines ara worn by knees of many a sinner; There, too, full many an aldermanic nose Boli'd its loud diapason after dinner ; And there stood high the holy sconce of Becket, —Till four assassins came from Trance to crack it. The castle was a huge and antique-mound. Proof against all tb" artillery of the quiver, Ere those abominable (pins were found, To send cold lead through gallant warriors liver. It stands upon a gently rising ground. Sloping down gradually to the river, Besembling (to compare great things with Btnaller) A well-scooped, znouldy Stilton cheese—but taller. The Keep, I hear, 's been sadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-dad knights, of honour jealous, Id martial panoply so grand and stately, Its walls are filled with, money-making fallows, And stufTd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, With leaden pipes, and coke, and coals, and bellows; . In short, so great a change has come to pass, 'Tia now a munufactoiy of Gas. But to my tale.—Before this profanation, And ere its ancient glories were cut short all, A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station In a small house just opposite the portal; His birth, his parentage, and education, I know but little of—a strange odd mortal; His aspect air and gait, were all ridiculous ; His name was Mason—he'd been christened Nicholas. Kick bad a wife possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon persuasion ; But spite of all her piety,-her arm She'd sometime exercise when in a passion And, being of a temper somewhat warm, Would now and then seize, upon small occasion, A stick, or stool, or anything that round did lie, And baste her lord and master most confoundedly. Ho matter!— Us a thing that's not uncommon, Tis what we have all heard, and most have read of— I mean, a braising pugilistic woman, Such as I own I entertain a dread of, —And so did Nick, whom sometimes there wonld come on A Bort of fear his spouse might knock his head off; Demolish half his teeth, or drive a rib in. She shone so much In facers and in fibbing. " ThereV time and place for all things," said a sace, (King Solomon, I think, 1 and this I can say, Within a well-roped ring, or on a stage, Boxing may be a veiy pretty Fancy, When llessrs. Burke or Bendigo engage; —'Tte not so well in Susan. Jane or Nancy :— To get well mill'd by any one's an evil, But by a lady—'tis the very Devil. And so thought Nicholas, whose only trouble (At least his jrorst) was this his rib's . propensity ; For sometimes from the alehouse he would bobble. Hie senses lost in a Bublime immensity Of cogitation—then he couldn't cobble, And then his wife would often try the Of his poor skull, and strike with all her might. As fast as kitchen-wenches strike a light. Mason, meek soul, who ever hated strife. Of this same striking bad the utmost dread, He hated it like poison—or his wife— A vast antipathy 1—but so he said— And very often for a quiet life. On these occasions he'd sneak up to bed, Grope darkling in, and, soon as at the door He heard his lady—he'd pretend to snore. One night, then, ever partial to societv, Nick, with a friend (another jovial felow), Went to a Club—I should havesaid Society At the "City Arms," onee called the Porto BeUo; A Spouting party, which, though, some decry it, I Consider no bad lounge when one is mellow ; There they discuss the tax on salt and leather, And change of ministersandchange of weather. In short, it was a kind of British Forum, Like John Grle Jones's, erst in Piccadilly, Only they managed things with more deorum, And the Orations were not guile so silly ; Far different questions, too, would come before 'em, Not always Politics, which, will ye nill ye. Their London prototype* were always willing To give one quantum sujf. of—for a shilling. It more resembled one of later date. And tenfold talent, as I'm told, in Bow Street, Where kindlier-natured souls do congregate; And, though there are who deem that same a low street, • Tet I'm assured, for frolicsome debate And genuine humour it's surpassed by no street^ When ibe "Chief Baron " enters, and assumes To "rule" o'er mimic "Thesigeis" and "Broughams." Here they would oft forget their Rulers' fanlts, And waste in ancient lure the midnight taper; Inquire if Orpheus first produced the Waltz, How Gas-lights differ from tlie Delphic Vapour, 'Whether Hippocrates gave Glauber's Salts, And what the Romans wrote on ere they d paper— ' This night the subject of their disquisitions Was Ghosts, Hobgoblins, Sprites, and Apparitions. One learned gentleman, "a sage grave man," Talk'd of the GhoBt in Hamlet, "sheath'd in steel"— His well-read friend, who next to speak began. Said, "That was Poetry, and nothing real; " A third, of more extensive learning, ran To Sir Geoige Timers' Ghost, and Mrs. Veal; Of sheeted Spectres spoke with shorten'd breath. And thrice he quoted Drelincourt on Death. Nick smuked, and smoked, and trembled as he heard The point dis'cuss'd, and all they said upon it, How, frequently, some murderM man appealed, To tell his wife, and children who -had done it; Or how a miserVgllost, with griesly beard. And pale lean -visage, m an old Scotch bonnet, . Wander'd about to watch Uis buried money ; When all at once Nick heard the clod: strike One—he Sprang from his seat, not doubting but a ' lecture. - - - - - - • _ _ Impend ed from his fond and faithful ShB 7 Nor could-be well to pardon him expecther . For he had promised to «ome home to tea - Bnt having Inckily ifce icey o*lhe back door ' jBe fondly jibped ihatj-auiperceised/lie , * r: Ji^ta^MjpstaiiB again,pretend toidose, .. ^"^tSS^P 0 ™ 0 with tnuacfrom liis T Soon Mr*. Maton heard thewell-knnwn tread ; She heard the key slow areaking in the door. Spied, through the gloom obscure, towards the bed Sick creeping soft, as oft be had crept before; When, bang, she threw a something at his AndlNick at-onoe lay prostrite onrlhe'iflooiv; While she eimimed.feOl ietfindirmant fibe on-?. $ : $ fcf i? V i„ Sow dare you Vise your wlfsjio- ilr. Sttsoni" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, Especially the length of het oration— * Spare wi to tell how Nick expostulated, Boused by the bump into a good eel passion, So great, that more than once he execrated. Ere he crawl'd into bed in his usual fashion ; —The Muses hate brawls ; suffice it then to «>y, He duck'd below the clothes—andrthere he lay! 'Twas now the very witching time of night, Wlien churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead, And many a .mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead. And hurried oft, will) schoolboy-like delight, To play his pranks near some poor wretch's bed, Sleeping^ perhaps pcrenely as a porpoise, . . Nor dreaming of-this fiendish Habeas Corpuv. Not so our Nicholas: his meditations Still to the same tremendous theme recurred, The same dread subject of the dark narrations, Which, back'd with such authority, lit'd heard : Lost in hiB own horrific contemplations, He ponder'd o'er each well-remembered Word ; When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, He verily believed he saw—a Ghost I Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantial sprite To his aBtonish'd each moment grew ; Ghastly and gaunt, it reai*d its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the view, And round its long, thin, bony fingers drew A tatter'd winding- sheet, of course all white;— The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, Nick veiy plainly saw it through the tftroud t And now those matted locks, which never yet Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, Thar long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force; Nay, e'en the veiy cap, of texture coaree, Whose ruby cincture crowu'd that brow of jot, Uprose in agony—the Gorgon'* head Was but a type of Nick's up-squating in the bed. From every pore dfrtill'd a clammy dew, Quaked eveiy limb—the candle, too, no doubt, En rrglt, mould have burnt extremely blue, . But Nick unluckily had put it out; And h-, though naturally bold and stout, In short, was in a most tremendous stew " The room was fill'd with a sulphureous smell, But where that came from Mason could not tell. All motionless the Spectre stood—and now Its rev'rend form more clearly shone contest, From the pale cheek a beard of purest show Descended o'er its venerable breast; The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furron'd brow, Told of years long gone by.—An awful guest It stood, and with an action of command, Beckon'd the Cobbler witb its wan righthand. "Whence, and what art thou, Execrable Shape V Nick might have cried, could he have found a tongue, But his distended jaws could only gape, And cot a sound upon the welkin rung: Hu gooseberry orbs seem'd as they would have sprung Forth from their sockcts—like a frighten'd Ape He Bat upon his haunches, bolt upright. And shook, and grinn'd, anS chatier'd with affright. Ana still the shadowy finger, lonj and lean, Now beckon'd .Nick, now puinted to the door; And many an ireful glance, anS frown, between, The angiy visage of the Phantom wore, As if quite vex'd that Nick would do no wore Than stare, without e'en asking, "What d'ye mean?" Because, as we are told—a sad old joke, too— Ghusts, like the ladies, never speak till spoke Cowards, 'tis said, in certain situations, Derive a sort of courage from despair, And theu perform, from downright desperation, Much mora than many a bolder man wonld dare. Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a passion, Ana therefore groping till he found the chair, Seird on his awl, crept softly out of bed. And follow'd quaking where the Spectre led. And down the winding stair, with noiseless tread, Tbe tenant of the tomb pass'd slowly on, E»ch mazy turning of the humble shed Seem'd to his step at once familiar grown, So safe and sure the labyrinth did. he tread As t hough the domicile had been his own. Though Nick himself, in passing through the Bhop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, The door upon its hinges open fiew ; And forth the Spirit issued—yet around It turn'd, as if its follower's fears it knew, And, once more beckoning, pointed to the monnd. The antique keep, on which the bright moon threw With such effulgence her mild silveiy gleam, The visionary form seem'd melting in her ' beam. Beneath a pondVous archway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis swung sublime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, ' ' Sole, sad memorials of the olden tame, The Phantom held its way —and though afraid Even of the owls tbat sung their vesper chime, Pale Nicholas pursued, its steps attending, And wondering what on earth it all would end in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recesB -At length they reach a court obscure and lone— It seem'd adrear and desolate-wilderness,. The blackfu'd walls with ivy- all o'eigrown ; The night-bird shriek'd her note of wild distress. Disturb'd upon her solitary throne, As though indignant mortal step should dare, So led, at 6uch an hour, to venture there ! —The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Nick thought an iron ring, But then a neighbouring chan'icleer awoke, And loudly 'gan his early matins sing; And then *' it started like a guilty thing," As hiB shrill clarion the silence broke. —'lis known how much dead gentlefolks eschew The appalling sound of J' Cock-a- doodle-do!" Tbe vision was uotnore—and Nickalone— His streamers waving" in the midnight wind, Which through the ruins ceased ootto groan • : —His^ girruent, too, was" somewhat ehort behind— r And, worst of all, he knew cot where to find The nng—which made him most his fate bemoan— The iron ring—no doubt of some bap-door, 'Neath which the old dead miser kept hla store. - ' What's to be done 1" he cried; "'Twere .-vain Co stay • ,: • , •ni. Here in the dark without a rang'^ clue. Ob,for a«and]anow,-oranoonlight ny>i rr: "s 'Fore • Geoige, Im vastly puzzled -what to do," . • • - - : - - •• . -•• .- . . (I%en«lapp'd hishandbehindj—"'Ks^chOlv \- : *oo— - - . "-- ---'fj ^TllmaAtheSpoV^nd come again Sjydayl 1 ' What-can I -mark it by f-^Oh; here's the 1 "wall— 1 Scared by bis Lady's heart-appalling cry, Vanish'd at once poor Masoi/a golden dream— For dream it w«B ; and all his visions high. Of wealth and grandeur, lied before that scream— , ... V.. \- —v And still he b'stens with averted eye, •, When^ibingueighbouramake theGhost" their tbe rue; ; ; . .Willie ever from that hour they nil dcctare- : That Mia. Mason used a cushion in lier- cliair? Confound not, I beseech thee, reader,'-the subject of tbe following monody with the hapless" hero cf the tea-urn, Cupid, of " Yow- Yow "-ing memory. Tray was an attached and sincere friend of many years' standing. Most people worth loving have had a mute favourite or two of this kind ; Lord Byron says he " never bad but one, and herd he (the dog, not the nobleman) lies-!" THE CYNOTAPH. Poor Tray charmant! Poor Tray de mon ami! Dog-bun- and Vergers. Oh ! where shall I bury my poor dog Tray, N»w his fleeting breath has passed away ? Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen him gambol, and frolic, ani play, Evermore happy, and frisky, and gay. As though every one of bis months was May, And tbe whole of his life one long holiday— Now he's a lifeless lump of clay, Oh ! where shall I bury my faithful Tiay t I am almost tempted to think it hard Tbat it may cot be there, in yon sunny churchyard. Where the green willows wave O'er the peaceful grave. Which holds all that onoe was honest and brave. Kind, and courteous, and faithful, and true ; Qualities, Tray, that were found la you. But it may not be—yon sacred ground, By holiest feelings fenced around, May ne'er -within its hallowed bound Beceive the dust of a soul-less hound. I would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sun through the storied pane Throws on the pavement a crimson stain ; Where the banners of chivaliy heavily, swing O'er the pinnacled tomb of the Warrior King, With helmet and tliield, and all that sort of thing. No!—come what may, My gende Tray Shan't be an intruder on bluff Harry Tudor, Or panoplied monarchs yet earlier and ruder Whom you see on their backs, In atone or iu wax, Though the Saoristans now are " forbidden to ax" For what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous tax;"^ While the 'Chartists insist they've a right to go snacks— No!—Tray's humble tomb would look but shabby 'Mid the sculptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Besides, in the place They say there's not space To bury what wet-nurses call "a Babby." Even " Rare Ben Jonson," that famous wight, I am told, is interr'd there bolt upright, In just such a posture, beneath his bust, As Tray used to sit in to bflg for a crust. The epitaph, too, Would scarcely do : For what could it say, but, " Here lies Tray, A very good sort of a dog in his day 5 " Arid satirical folks might be apt to imagine it Meant as a quiz on tbe House of Plantagenet. No ! no J—The Abbey may do very well For a feudal Nob," or poetical " Swell," " Crusaders," or " Poete," or " Knights of St. John," Or Knights of St. John's Wood, who last year went on To the Castle cf Sonie 2,orir ffiglintomtr. Count Fiddle- fumkin, and Lord Fiddle fiddle, "Sir Craven," "Sir Gael," and "Sir Campbell of Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he beard ol the .feat, " Was somehow knock'd out of his familyseat ;") The Esquires of the body To my Lord Tomnoddy.; "Sir Fairlie," "Sir Lamb," And-tile " Knight of tbe Ram," The "Knight of the Hose," and the " Knight of the Dragon," Who, safe at the flagon, And prog in the waegon, The newspapers tell us did little to " brag on ;" And more, tli-ugh. the Muse knows but little coucerning Vm,. "Sir Hopkins," "Sir Popkins," "Sir Gage," and Sir Jerningham." AU Preiix Chevalier», in friendly rivalry Who should best briug back the gloiy of Chivalry.— . —(Pray be so good, for the sake of my song, To pronounce-here the anti penultimate long; Or some byper-critic will certainly ciy, "The word 'Chivalry' is but a 'rhyme to the eye'" And I own it u clear A fastidious ear Will be, more or less, alwaya annoyed with you when you insert any rhyme that's not perfeotly genuine. . Ab to pleasing the " eye," 'Tisn't worth while to tiy, Since Moore and Tom Campbell themselves admit "spinach," Is perfectly antiphonetic to " Greenwich.")— But stay !—I say! Let me pause while X may— This digression is leading me sadly astray From my object—A grave, for my poor dog Tray ! I would not place him beneath thy walls. And proud o'ershadowing dome. St. Paul's! Though I've always consider'd Sir Christopher Wren, Ab an architect, one of the greatest of men ; And, talking of Epitaphs— inuch I admire his, " CirciLmspics, si Monumentum rcquiris; " Which au erudite Verger translated to me, " If you ask for his monument, Sir-come tpyuej " No!—I should not know where To place him there; I would not have him by surly Johnson be ;— Or tbat Queer-looking horse that is rolling on PonBouby— Or those ugly minxes The sister Spbynxes, Mix'd creatures, half lady, half Ii'»ne~s, ergo, (Denon says), the emblems of Leo and Virgo ; On one of tlie backs cf which singular jumble, Sir Ralph Abercrombie is going to tumble, With a thump which alone were enough to despatch him, If rhe Scotchman in front shouldn't happen to catch him. No 1 Td not bare him there—nor nearer the door, Where the Man and the Angel have got Sir John Moore,* And are quietly letting him down through the floor,- Near Gillespie, ihe one who escaped, at VeJIore, Alone from the row ; Neither he, nor Lord Howe Would like to be plagued with a little Bowwow. No, Tray, we must yield, And go further a-field ; Tojlay you by Nelson were downright effrontfy; —We U be off from the City, and look at the country. _ • In the autumn of 1S2I, Captain Vedwin having tinted that certain beautiful lines on the burial of this gallant officcr might have been the production of Ijord Byron's Muse, -the late Mr. Sydney Taylor, somewhat indignantly, claimed them for their 'rightful owner, the late Rev. Ghas. Wolfe. During the coiitrnvursy tl third ri.tm.nt: started up in the person oj a Moi-ilixGjU "Doctor Marshall," who turned out to be a Duiiiam " f ' 1 ^ mH hie ja-e- •tensions a hoax.- Itwas then thata certain "Doctor P-epperoorn" J>ut forth hie pretensions, to what he averred was the -only "true and - original "veroon, \- 5Tot a «nit had lie got^not a guinea or note, . And lie loolt'd confoundedly flurried, As he bolted awav without paving his ehofc, And tbe Landladv after him humod. Wo saw him again at dead of night, < . When liome from the clnb returning; We twiggd the Doctor beneath the light e -Of- tile gas-lamp brilliBntlv burning All bare, and exposed to the 1 Becltocd in tile gutter we foundl_ Andjin look'd ZU^e a gezztieman taktn^a jsnooso^ r. "With liifi HanJudZ cloak pround lilm. VThe3>octorflaK drank nsiliod——," -we said, j jind-m managed ajskutter toborrow ; : WejraisedMm, aad.sigiied at tho thought Oat -bishead ~ -......, Would "cotunmeaiyache' , onan! tooirow- - ..yejnrelilm hom^ and we piitliim to'bod,- 'Ana wet^liswile^ma&saSSter;" "- ' itfogivebim, nertmorntag.Sconjilfi-olTed : ; ^ Jlemngs, withsodi-water.' .• i Ifflndly they talk'd of Ms mane "ttmtfa gone. Ana his lady began to mteaid him; •Brt UtUe Jiera!k3a,.j6o ttwlet Jiimraore <m It shall not be there, In that sepulchred (Though, pay but the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they gnmt to Thuggs, and Hindoos, . Turks, lufidels, Heretics, Jumpers, and .Tews), Where the tombstones are placed la the very best taste,'- At the feet and the'head -Of the elegant Dead, ' - • And no one's received who's not " buried in lead ; " For, there lie the bones of Deputy Jones, Who 31 the widow's tears, and the orphan's groans Affected as much as tbey Ho the stones His executors laid ou the Deputy's bones ; Little rest, poor knave ! Would he have in his grave; Sines Spirits, 'tis plain, Are sent back pain— Dragging after them sometimes a heavy ] ickcbatn; Whenever they mot, alarm'd by its groans, his Ghost all night long would bs barkiug at' Jones's. Nor shall he be laid By that cross Old Maid, Misb Penelope Bird—of whom it is said All the dogs in the Parish were always afraid. He must nob be placed By one so straitlaced In her temper, her taBte, and her morals, and waist. i For 'tis said, when she went up to heaven, and St. Peter, Who happened to meet .her, Came forward to greet her. She pursed up with scorn every vinegar feature. And bade him "Get out for a horrid Male • Creature 1" So the Saint, after looking as if he oould eat her, Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing—or able—to beat her. Sent her back to her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With an epithet which I decline to repeat here. No—if Tray were interr'd By Penelope Bird, No dog would be e'er so be-" whelp "ed and be-" cur "red— All the night long her cantankerous Sprite Would be running about in the pale moonlight, Chasing him round, and attempting to lick The ghost of poor Tray with a ghost of a stick. Stay!—let me see!— Ay—here it shall be At the root of this gnarled and time-worn tree, Where Tray and I Would often lie, And watch tbe light clouds as they floated by In the broad expnnse of the clear blue sky, "When the sun was bidding the world good-bye; And the plaintive Nightingale, warbling nigh, Poured forth her mournful melody ; While the tender Wood-pipeon's cooing cry Has made me say to myself, with a sigh, "How nice you would eat with a steak in a pie!" Ay, here it shall be!—far, far from the view Of the noisy world and its maddening crew. Simple and few. Tender and true The lines o'er his grave.—Thtjy have, some of them, too. The advantage of being remarkably new. Epitaph, Affliction sore Long time ho bore, Physicians were in vain!—, Grown blind, alas I he'd Some Prussic Acid, And that put him out of his pain! Hos ego versiculos feci, tulit alter bonores.— Virgil, I wrote the lines—* * owned them—he told stories! THOIIAB Ikgoldsbt. 