POPULAR SCIENCE PAPERS. SEEING A GHOST. nY PIn. ANDREW WILSON. S s this matter-of-fact age of ours, there are -to be found, I fancy, few believers in ghosts. The spectre of oli was, to my way of thinking, rather a flesh-and- blood kind of visitant. It ewas described as behaving itself in a decidedly sensible fashion for the most part, although the reasons for its appearance- apart from mystic warnings conveyed to relatives, and such like .offices-were not always to be regarded as of common sense nature. Still, I suppose ghosts of old, were facts to our forefathers. They peopled that world of the imagination, which, for many persons even in our own day, borders on the world of waking life, and on the stern realities of existence. In the olden times, science, besides, was by no means of an ad vanced nature. Indeed, in so far as the details of the nervous system were concerned, science might be said to have searcely been born half a century or so gone by. To-day. the ghost has mostly gone the way of all-well, it would hardly suitee to say "flesh ; " but it certainly represents an idea which has largely vanished ftoin sober human affaiirs; distpelled like the inorning clouds by the light of the coming day. Science has exorcised the ghosts and spectres of the past into a nothingness on the one hand, while, on the other hand, she has elevate l the study of spectral illusions into a somewhat fascinating branch of miid-philosophy. It may therefore be interesting, if we erclcasonr to discuss, as plainly and exactly as may be pos sible, what science has to say on the subject of gbosts and ghost-seeisig. The beginning of tt e study is rtally found ih a knowledge of how we see an hear, and 6heiricn our senses at large. When our eyes light on an olject, we really see it, not with the organ of sight, but with the brain. Seeing, : like hbearing, or any other sensory work, after i ll is?aid and done, is trnly a work of the oind.o The knowledge of.what we see, is the result of an intellectual exercise. Eye and car merely; supply details on which the mind acts Sitid forms its judgments ; and. he it remarked, the se judgnments are often great mistakes and bbtionts fatluros. The eye thus plays the part 6f la "receiving office" for the brain. It re ceives the rays of light which pass through its pupil, and impinge upon its lenses. It modifies these light-rays ; parcels and assorts them out, and fits them for travelling along the optic nerve (or that of sight) to the part of the brain which rules and regulates the sense in question. The close approach to a kind of ocular photography which takes place in the purple-colour of the eye; -thus shows us that seeing is first of sllo a lhattCr of Collecting, fixing, and transmitting pictures of things, that these pictures in turn are Ssnt,.in one shape or another, to the brain. It isonly when the " sensation" of sight, as we term it, htis been received and registered in aiti-by the brain, that we really can he said to "Eo.' With the car, the cace is identical. Waves of sound are assorted, tested, and finally modified) so that the brain-parts which deal frith hearing may determine their true nature. When "we -listen to an orchestral symphony, the multitude of harmonies is only appreciated "when the brain's workin hearing has been duly performed; and how intrilate that work, and also the labour of the ear, must be, may be better imagined than described. *Now if, as I have shown, there is a per itetual passage of messages or sensations from eye; ear, and other sense-organs, iunwards to the \- brain, giing isr to the cnselounsnecs of things Efi?o, heard, felt, and no forth, it is none the less a fact, that occasionally this process is reversed. Sensations of sight and sound and Ssmell and taste, are known to be caplab!e of being sent outwards instead of inanrds. In flaeo of these sensations or messages coming from the eater world to the brain, they may come back from the brain, along the nerves of sense, to eye, ear, - nose, or tongue. It is as if the brain had the power of projecting forwards the messages it once received from the outside world. Perhaps it may actually originate such reversed messages or sensations; but it is safer to asume that the common state of things repre sents tilereversion of messages originallyreceived from the outside. What, it may be asked, is the effect upon the eye and car of these re turned sensations ? I reply, they produce in the individual who is the subject of them scn sations of sight and hearing. The person "t sees" or " hears "-that is, imagines he sees or hears-things and sounds which have no existence outside himself. This is what science calls subjective sensation ; and this is how the "ghosts ".of our daily life are raised. -.Exhinple will illustrate the matter more his " o"mind's eye," to quote the words of another Shakespercan hero, He sees the dagger; to others it isinvisible. It is a "coin age of his brain " to put the matter poetically; it is a subjectirve sensation, to put it scientifi tally; it is the "ghost" of a dagger, to put it practically. If we analyse out Macbeth's case, we should simldy say, the tension of an over wrought brain has p;roduced in those parts of the brain devoted to sight - regulation, a powerful form of irritationi. This irritability, taking the forn of an allusion to the murder ous intent regarding Duncan, has projected from IrMacbeth's hbrin along his nerve of sight to the Sretina (or nervous network of his eye) the image of a dagger. Once received by the eye, the sensation raises the "ghost" of a dagger, aiid the whole process we see begins and ends with the erratic working of the brain. One need not fly, however, to dramatic stories for examples of ghost-seeing of the most realistic kind. One, Nicolai of Berlin, a well-known bookseller, related to the Royal Society of that city, at the eind of last century, a full and circumstantial account of the crowds of ghosts which appeared to him, and whilch, moreover, cobnversed with him. lHe had been troubled and worried over domestic matters, and had fiallen into a low state of health. This, by the way, is the unrsual beginning of ghost- seeing. Weakness of body, in other words, induces orratit action of brain. Nicolai saw spectres in his bedroom by the dozen. They seated theiiselves in his chairs and accompanied him in his walks. He described their dress and appearance to his friends; but knew-, like a sensible man, that they were only the ceinnges of his disordered brain. Then thie ghosts begcn to t:alk, sometimes to each other and smnetimnies to'hiin. An illusion of hearing thus followed an illusion of sight. Sensations of sounds were reversed in the brain rand sent to the ear, just as-the sensations of sight had been previously reversed. Then Kicolhsi had himself bled, as was thie fashion in those days. During the operation, he tells is, the eroisd of ghosts grew blurred and indistinct. The voices no longer sounnded in his ear; an- finally the spectres faded away into nothingnecs, and he was not again -isited. by them. The bleeding Ihal evi dently restored the Ila!ance of his nervous system, and had exeorcised the ghoats, simply by preventing the rntin's projection forwards of the images of. things seen and heard or even imagineid. Nlcolai's case is far from heingeithersirngular or solitary. There are many cases of ghost seeing on record, all partaking, however, of the clracter oLEiconias e-relnoc. ,,There is a ]'6?toiitybf ill-telth, thou an aceount Of• ghudsts being seen, and finally, a disappearance of the spectres when health is restored. The suhjects of these illusions to which I refer were, how ever, sensible persons. They recognized that the ghosts had no existence outside themselves. They brought the common sense and evidence of other peopile to bear on the fact that the spectres were simply the ereations of an ailing braid. But let us suppose the case of a superstitious or igeorant pIerson. Hero the ghost -tould he cretited with a veritable existence. Its appear anee would be chronicled, and if we further imangine that, through mere coincidence, '"some thing Ihappened " to the ghost-seer orhisfamily, we find at the elements of a supernator.l visita tion in what is only a mere freak of the braiht. One nmay reduce "ghosts" to a very common place level indeed, by referring to one of the most familiar of events. A blowr on the eye causes us to ' see stars; " and sOme irritation of brain, or even of the ear itself, causes ns to Ihear sounds of bellse. N'ow the flashes of light and the ringing in the ears, we know hare no cxistenee outside our own personality. They are the L"ghosts " of sights and eounds, to put the matter plainly. Thley repreaeit the " sunb jctive sensations " of the mlan of scienrce; just as after a blow on the head, a pitient is some times troubled by a bad odour or a dis.greeable tiste, nsither of which sensations arise from wse or mouth, but come entirely from the re rered messages of the brain. It ison such grounds that sclen.ece lays the "ghosts" of the past; as it dissipates in an equally foreible lnshion, thi portents, omens, antI other super stitions of tChe day, and tlie bad dreamns nind mutoward visions of the night. A t'.LL-ueown Englishwoman has come to th.j conclusion that thie works of Byron, Shelley ard Keats are not sufliciehtly studied by hier owan soo, and she has setapart a considerable smh of motney, which, when judicionsly in -ooted, will produce a substantial is come that S is to be de?voted to pr.zes for ees.ys on the P works of those poets. Trustees have been ap 