Miscellaneous. Mr. Priestly Smith, ophthalmic surgeon to the Queen's Hospital, Birmingham (Encr.), has pre pared for the' school board of that town a series of golden precepts on this important subject, which, legibly printed on a mounted scroll, are to be hung up in all the board school rooms. Seven cardinal ma. vims are all that are considered need ful for the scholar to bear in mind. These are— ' Sit upright, sit square, keep your eyes at ieasi 12in from your work, write on a slope and not ob a flat table, read with your book well up, do not read very small print, do not work in a bad light, and if you cannot see your work properly tell your teacher/'' As there is nothing like pictorial example, this is illustrated by lour drawings ex hibiting good and bad positions. A type- writer, so diminutive in size as almost to justify the term ' pocket type- writer/' has recently been invented by Mr. A. E. Wynn. Its extreme dimensions are 4in by Sin, and its weight less than 44oz. Yet it carries all the characters necessary m ordinary correspondence on tne inner edge of the revolving disc, which forms the principal feature of the machine. The whole frame travels across the paper, which, conse-- quently, may be of any size; and a roller, te which a spacing-check is fitted, secures an abso- , lute straightnesB and evenness in the line of printing. Its inventor claims for it that this ia the smallest type-writer in the market. The consideration of a unique charge in church disputes came on before the Free Synod of Aber deen lately. Alexander MLaekay, grocsr, South Mount-street, complained of a judgment of the Presbytery affirming a decision of the session of the Free West Church, which suspended Vii-m from the membership of the church until he showed a disposition to submit himself to the dealing of the court, and refrained from offensive conduct during worship. In a letter which was sent to Mr. Mackay citing him to appear before the kirE session, it was stated that for more than a year he had adopted a style of joining in the singing of the congregation so peculiar, so discordant, and so loud as to attract attention in almost all parts of the church, and to be peculiarly disturb ing and offensive to those in his immediate neigh borhood. One of the members of tlie congrega tion characterised Mr. Mackay's conduct as more pantomime than worship. The Synod unani mously dismissed the appeal. Considerable excitement is being manifested at Langley (said the Birmingham DaHjT Gazette) owing to the appearance of the ' Eev. Dinock,' from Berkshire, who is going through some extra ordinary performances at the Primitive Methodist Chapel in that locality. Crowds of people are flocking to the place nightly— most of them out of curiosity on account of the wonderful stories that are abroad. No one .knows much of the antecedents of the rev. gentleman, who seems to combine the preacher, jpesmerisfc, and spiritualist all in ont. After the ordinary service, at Trhie.li he holds forth at great length, a limited number of persons is invited to enter an ante-room ' to receive the Holy Ghost/' By performing a number of mes meric passes, and apparently calling to the spirit world for assistance, he makes a number of people fall from their seats on to the floor and roll un derneath the benches, apparently unconscious; during which time the rev. gentleman declares ' that the Holy Ghost has entered into them, and taken possession of their whole being.*' More mesmeric passes and mysterious antics follow, after which the individuals operated upon sud denly recover consciousness, and are said to have become converted. Colonel Potto, an Italian engineer, recently made some interesting experiments respecting the employment of sugar -as 351 agent to obviate the incrustation of steoai boilers. The experi ments were made in a 'boiler of 30-horse power, aud containing 120 tubes, and the results proved highly satisfactory. Two Iiilos of sugar were iniroduoi/d into the boiler every week. Formerly the same boiler used to become incrasted m %i period of about six weeks; bat at the endol' a similar period after \the sugar had boea employed it was ionnd to ba but slightly. coated. After the boiler iiad been, working continually for upward oi' four 1r.0ni.hs with sugar introduced into'tha wator, :i tlvlu illmof incrustation was found to b? ioimoJ. but this was easily removed by washing. . A celebrated criminal lawyer, having ;ji-it defended a noted assassin so bri]n:-ii*?Y that 'the wretch was acquitted in tho fac-v of ovcrwheJar'ag evidence, stepped up to Die y.iOgo. ''A word 5 u your ear. your' Honor/' Judge: ' V,'c)l, what is it ?' ?' I would ask that the priscr. ~r l.o detained in gacl until lo-incrrovr mominy;. ] i.x\\--- io cross a lonely paddock on rnv way him.-: ? nd'tbo rascal happens to know tiist I Jiavo «;????:.. _ ibcut me.' Obliging Judge : '* O., esi-ininl^ ;'' 