"DRIFT.' Washed ashore h There was a crowd on the beach thafc moming. A sullen sun .struggled through the grey clouds, aud I6okeddowu upon tlie scene—a frail spar, or two/floated out to sea—a'dis mantled hulk tossed in. the distance on the still heaving-billows, the remains of a wreck. , On the beacli the wan sunlight fell -up on a ghastly spectacle. .From the sand aud seaweed where they lay,; dead faces looked up, cold and'white—eyes whose light of life had goue out last night when the fierce tongues of flauic had lit up the strife^and torment of sea and air—eyes whose last of earth had been that dissolv? ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling waters. "Here, Steve, lend a hand." " Ocli, it's dead sh'e is entirely. ■ Hook at tlite boy, an' there's breath—life in him. Where's the whisky? Sure an1 it'll call back the life* if it's within hearin'." ' .. : t " Here's Charlie, Make way for Dr. Charlie/' some of the men railed out with that fondness in the tone which de, noted a general favorite. - . A young man with a grave and eager face drew near. The east wind raised brown curly locks from off a brow white and smooth as a jchild s. Theeyes, brown and fearless, seemed to look far: into the ' depths of being, to scan motives, to read the strgngc hieroglyphics of the human heart. None of tboserough men would \- have lied to Dr. Charlie ,- but they would " never have owhed . that it .Was", because thiy feared him, but rather because they loved him. He stopped by the body of a young woman. , '' Ocli, au' she'll niver draw breath again,3'said one. But Br. Charlie was not so ture. " He set the men at vork in eveiy^direction ; be ordered restoratives, he prescribed various remedies, he put the men to various tasks in the way of rubbing with spirits. But ibis woman, the only woman saved—for ho had detected a faint sign of Jife—what should be done with her 1 ''She must be taken to the nearest house, that is all: and they must take her in," decided Dr. Charlie. . The nearest house was a neat little wtrite box, with a bit of a garden in front, . and, tiny walks, bordered with white washed oysterisheBs.: All was prim and precise as the mistress, who stood shad ing,her eyes with a thiniharid as the men bore the jjhastly bnrden to the gate. Dr. CharHeopenedit Without pause. "I counted on ypur humanity, Miss Hepsy," he said. " If this poor girl's life's to be saved, there's no time to be lost." Miss Hepsy looked at the white, fixed face, the closed eyes, With the dim purple shadows beneath, the marble hands folded on the breast, as if death had fixed them" there in the act of an eternal prayer. '. Poor, cre'tur'!" she said; " she's seen heaps of trouble, I'll be bound, but the looks as if it was all over now. Come in, come in; I suppose as it's a! • matter of life arid death, I can't ask Ceu to wipe 3'our feet on the mat. Lor" j less me 1 sich a passle of dirty 'boots ■ never walked into iny bouse in my life. Oriul dirty, men folkp are, to be pure 1 u 1 But Miss Hepsy, though she longed intensely, to wash out the mud tracks at ouce, controlled her desires, and made herself useful. With a sigh of relief, she saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Charlie and herself with the -still in sensible girl. They chafed her hands and ■forced braady between her lips. Why, bless us, she's married ! " cried Miss Hepsy, holding up the left hand, where the thin thread of a gold ring glittered. " The poor young thing ! One heart will be sore after her." " Oh, we'll save her," said *Dr. Earu shawe. " There is more flexibility now, and a-feeble pulse." Eveii as he spake, he had a strange sensation about this girl—<is if he were somehow controlling her fate, and bring ing,her back to a world of sorrow. If those white lips could speak, might they not say, Let me go—let me glide out of all the ills of life into the great peace of death?" Perhaps , the untravelled glpoms and avenues of death might be sweeter to this weary soul than any path of life, and yet he was forcing her hack into earth's thorny ways. - It seemed but a vague speculation. Yet this woman appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had come through great tribulation. ~ A warmer tinge "began to iiovcr over tbe white face. He saw a faint, tremble in the golden curve uf the eyelids—a pale rose tint touched the'lips. Miss Hepsey had~ wound up the damp yellow hair into a great ceil that seemed like a glittering crown. What a rare and lovely face itwas, "with the beauty of a lilly in the suu ! *'1 declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints,", said Miss Hepsy, admiringly: " She's too pooty -to be thrown. about on beaches like an old chip." Miss Hepsy talked as if the storm and waves should have had respect for looks hi their .wild frolics, an idea which made Dr. Earnshawe smile. " We'll have her all right in no time," he said, "and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good, nursing, Miss Hepsy," and he bowed. " I do hate mortally to be messing over sickvittles, to be sure," said Miss Hepsy; "but—" v „ * , —" A work pf mercy,", suggested Dr. Charlie; "and for the expense I'll be responsible." So the maiden lady's mini? was set at rest, and she went down stairs at once to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid.. Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, watch ing the strange, mysterious process of returning animation/"" - > Where had the life gone that was now by slow and subtle changes coming back to this beautiful-casket V Where had it found an abiding place—to what far realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken ex clamation disturbed his thoughts. With spasmodic strength the girl raised her headand reached out4 her hands. The blue eyes,-dark with pain and ^dilated with terror, fixed themselves on Dr. Charlie's face. "Where—where is it ? " she cried; Dr. Earnshawe touched her brow with a carressing touch we give to a child we. love. ' poor girl," he ashed, " what is it?" . She looked at him with a strange ter ror aud a shudder convulsed her frame. Some half uttered word died on the lips which faded once more to their ashen hue. The faint rose tiut flitted away from check and lip again, and she fell back qu the bed in a dead swoon. ' " Ah, all lhy worlc to do over agiin," said Dr. Charlie, with a-sigh, as he plied -her patiently with more restoratives. " X think I was right about the poor girL Life has not been all sunshine and ro3es to her. No wonder she is not in a hurry to ■'come back to it." But she did come djack to it in time, she took up the.burden, whatever it was, at last. Not ill the old way, but quietly, and with a deep sigh, she opened her .eyes. She did not say a word. •'•Now i will leave her to you, Miss Hepsey," Dr.' Earusliawe said. " With feeding up shell get on. Don't let her talk much yet a while. ''Lor' bless ye, doctor 1" said Miss Hepsy, bustling about with her" bowl of gruel, " why should I want her to 'talk " X hain't the least curiosity in the world. It would be all one to meet mo if she was deaf and dumb, fur as prying and finding out 'was concerned; not as I'd wiBh her afflicted, poor thing ! Now, some folks would." " I know; ; it's all right," said the doctor. "I'll call iu. the morning. I must see to the others." The girl's eyes followed him wistfully ! as be passed out of the reoin. Some un spoken question seemed to hover on her lins. "'Speak, out, if you feel it would ease your mmd,' M ss Hepsy said, acliing to know all about her strange guest. *" Thank < you. I will sleep, if you please," and the 'wistful eyes closed wearily. But Miss Hepsy saw a slight shudder, and heard the word "'others " repeated. "J reckon'she's in a bad way about j somebody that was on that 'ere boat," MTa Hepsy decided ; " but if she won't speak out free, I can't help her, should think she'd high about bu'st up with the thinking that she keeps up, 'thout open ing them lips." Hor the patient litterally obeyed the doctor's orders, and "kept very quiet all day, swallowing all that was offered with alow "Thank you," and then turning wearily to the wall, as if she never cared to look at anything in the world again. But life, colour and strength came back as Surely as if she had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in such stony indifference. " Oh, yes she's well enough," Miss Hepsey replied to the doctor's Inquiry at the door in the morning ; "and I reckon yon won'tffnd her'the wuss for talking. Why, she hain't propounded a single question to me, but take's it all as uateral —bein' here—as if I'd raised her. - 2fow, that aiu,t in natur'—not as I take it." " Well,»lie is very weak," Dr. Charlie commenced. !." Oil, fiddlesticks," Miss Hepsy said, with an indignant sniff"; "if I should wake up in heaven some morning, do you think I'd make 110 remarks but make out I'd been an angel all my life? It's my opinion— ■" " Don't form a hasty opinion, my dear madam. We'll know in time," inter rupted Dr. Earr.sliawe ; ' and, of course, as she's an inmate of your house, I shall feel bound to tell you what I find out." This was said in a low and confidential tone, that molified the lady considerably. The smile that illuminated her thin face was like a ray of bleak wintry sunshine, and she went up before the doctor with some alacrity. "Mydear," she said, throwing open the door, "I don't know whether you'll recognise him ag'iu, but here's the gentle man who saved your life, by the blessing of God." The young girl raised a pair of sad eyes to Dr. Charlie's face, and seeming to lind it pleasant to look at him, did not turn away. A faint color came to her cheek as he took her hand. " What ! sitting up .already," he said cheerily. " This -speedy recovery is a great compliment to my skill." She appeared _ weak cn >ugh, - though, bolstered up in an old crimson stuli'ed chair, her delicate face looking like a ch ar-eut white cameo against, it. Miss Hepsy had done her best with the blue mcriuo dress, but it-looked old and. worn, with carefully darned places here and there. . " I must get well," she said. I have no tinic to be sick." '"Notime! Ah, we all take time for that." . "I wish to God Iliad-dicd!"'exclaimed the girl with a violence that made Dr. Earnsliawe start and drop her hand. He was 'glad that Miss Hepsy had' gone out of the room. \- But by a great effort the girl calmed herself. •" She looked like a girl in spite of the glittering thread of gold on 'her ftnger which proclaimed her a married woman. * " Excuse me, doctor; you have been kind to me—you meant it for kmdness ; but never mind, tell me about the others." " You had better not talk of those terrible scenes yet," Dr. Charlie said calmly; '"the mere memory of-such a shock is enough to unsettle you." " You must tell me ; I shall not get well if you "don't," she said nervously, and Dr. Charlie thought she was anxious about her liusbaud. " Was any one dear to you on board ? " lie inquired. A strange look flitted across the beauti ful face. " My busband was there." "<AIi, here was a task for "the new doctor. How could he break the terrible new!?1 to this poor young wife ? He knew that not one of-the four men saved could be her husband ; he had seen them all that morning, and kuew all about them. " What was his name ? " " Never mind ; don't ask uie yet; but tell me how Soon I shall be able to move. I have ho money. I can never pay - this good woman for her care. I cannot af ford to res|i How soon can I go ? " Dr. Charlie felt such an infinite pity overcome him as he looked at the frail creature lying in the chair that he could hardly speak. "You must not talk of moving," he said ; " it would be death, When you are able—I—you saw, I suppose—" hesi tatingly. " Ob, yes ; but I must get away from here," tlie girl said, in a nervous way, claspiug her thin white hands together j with a sort of repression of inward pain j which the gentleman felt with a thrill of I sympathy. j "Promise me to be content for-one j week, and we will see," said Dr. Charlie, j and he hoped much for that week. , j At the end of .it,-Dr. Charlie came in I with his usual cherry laugh. j " Well, .Miss Hepsy," he cried out, j " all the patients from the wreck are off my hands but this one..- I saw the last fellow off with his mother justnow. Oh, how - she hung around his neck and thanked me!" ' "Did they all go off with friends?" said a low voice from the window. 1'hfe doctor thought ' it must be as a death knell to her hopes when he said,— "Yes." Miss-Hepsy bustlt-d down to get tea, and the doctor sat silently waiting to think of some-word of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. " I know what j-ou are thinking about," she said ; but you are mistaken. I am glad—glad P* Then the doctor was too much sur prised to speak. " Perhaps you have never heard in j this favoured country of husbands who j are brutes," she went mi rapidly; " men- j cowards, who vent every malignant feci- j iivj, every disappointment on the poor ] woman whom the law has given them; Talk of slavery as the English do—there are no worse slaves than most of the wives of their working men. I know— X have endured it for" two years. Ah, it is over —I am free ! " " Hut," said Dr. Charlie, still hesitat ing, " excuse me—you do not speak like the wife of a working man—your language—" "I will tell .you all. You have been kind to me," said the poor creature, lier< cheeks flushed, and her eyes glittering with excitement. " I shall feel better do talk to some one. I have had some edu cation, but I've always beeu miserably poor. The first I can recollect is living iu one of those tenement houses in Lon don—in a stuffy, close room, where we cooked and slept. My mother-.sewed half the night, but she taught me. She had seen better days, but had run away to marry a dissipated and improvident man. She was a widow, and her friends had cast her off. I remember one dread ful November day when a kind of sleety rain was falling. We had no fire, and the sharp wind crept through every crack add pinched us with cold. I- think my mother must have been in a despairing mood for days, hut it had made no great impression on my childish mind. 1 stood at the window, drearily looking out at the puddles of slush and water, aud the drip pings from the worm-eaten gutters that made dirty dimples in theui now aud j then. Ob, how it all comes .back to me ' ic-day ! My mother came towardme. " ' Here, Nell,' she said, ' put this shawl about J'ou, for you look nigh clemmed with cold.' " * And what will you do, mother 1' I i asked, for she was taking the shawl from j about her own shoulders. "' Oh, I'm warm enough,' she an swered. * I feel as if 1 had fire in my veins; b:side, I'm going to drink this, and I'll never feel celd again.5 " She was dropping some dark stuff out of a viafi when she said this, aud I ■ cried out,— '•' Give me some, loo, motliey, of the wonderful stuil'.' "But she smiled—oh, such a bitter j smile 3 I felt, child as I was, that some thing was wrong, and I watched her, half afraid, as she. sat silent for a time with her head on her hand. Then I heard her say,— " 'Poor little Nell—pjor little Nell!5 "She often said such pitying words, but something in the tone then seemed to stir my heart. I ran over to her, and leaned on her lcnee. She looked white and sick. '' "* You've got an aunt, child, she mut tered. , "' Well, I don't care,' I answered. ' I don't want lier.5 " ' But you will want her, dear, and— I think—she'll forgive you then—when I I'm gone—people can't be angry with the dead—I believe—and she's very comfort able—you'll be better off.' " Then I noticed the change in my mother's face—the strange, convulsed, i new face that seemed to have -taken the place of tlie dear familiar one, and my screams of grief and terror brought in a crowd. But I make my story too long. She was dead J dead by her . own hand ! The dark drops were laudanum. Don't think she was a sinner," cried the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor; "don't judge her." " I will not, I assure you. God for bid," said Dr.Charlie. "Do not go on f I will make.the r -st short," she said. '• I went to my anut's—a grim, iron- grey old maid. She had been once 011 tbe ere of being married, and bad even her wed ding dress made, when the gentleman found liis courage fail, and """left for parts unknown. Her fierceness against the other sex amounted to iusanity. " ' No followers, girl,' she said sternly, when I first went to her. " I was only twelve -and did not under stand what she meant, but as I.grew older she made the matter plain iu many a tirade and lecture. I had a miserable life of it, but e\ en so I should not have left it for—" here the voice stopped for a moment. " Oh, let me get over it," she went on impatiently. *'I had to work hard enough, but I had enough to eat, and I ought to have been happy,'-' with some scorn iu the tones. " One day 1 hap pened to be caught in. the rain. -A youug mail who—well, who, had expressed some admiration for me, overtook me, and" held au umbrella over me to my aunt's door. Iliad never specially cared for Jem Bates— a bettle-browed, black-haired fellow, with awful gloomy eyes ; but he seemed good nat natured, and I could not refuse the shelter of hi? umbrella in a pelting storm. " Oli, how long I'm making this 1" My aunt met me with a scathing; look. - " Turn about—tramp 1" she screamed. "Is this the end of all.I've done for you 1" and she went on in the most fear ful way, raving like a delirious per son. "So she turned uie out—out into the fearful storm, and -I had pot a friend." The doctor exclaimed, " Poor child 1" and he never once looked at his watch, or thought of his other patients. " But the young man, Jem Bates, was not far olf. He sooli came back. He j had offered himself to me once before, and he did so again at once, with the rain dripping down pu him, and making little rivulets iu his black hair. I- wa3 reckless. I said ' Yes' then, though I lind said no before, aiid he took me to his mother's As soon as it could be arranged we were married. Then began "for me a hell upon earth. Passionate, stupid, obstinate, cruel—I need notgo on. " We set sail for this country, where we hoped to get work. The storm came. I welcomed it as an angel from God sent to bring me deliverance. Don't khudder or hate me when I tell you that I sprang first Into the seetliiiig waters.,. I wanted no .life-preserver1 rushed into their friendly, cool-arms. You—you brought me back. How could.you atone for thai if you liad .-not.brought me the gopd tid ings that my tyrant is gone V Poor Nell leaned .backwearily in her. chair, tired, bus with something of the old pain gone from her pale face. Her pathetic eyes seemed still asking for all she had missed in life—true hap piness,- true love—but her: lips were . silent. The next moment it was all with-' in her grasp. Dr. Charlie felt a great tide of love and pity pour into liis heart. All his prudence was' swamped by that Hood. The beautiful face before him shoue like one of Raphael's Madonnas ; rosy white it gleamed against the crimson chair. | " Let me save yoa from the storms of ■ life from this time," lie said, leaning down aud putting his hand softly on the golden hair. Nell looked at him with-wide blue -eyes. It was an odd time for a proposal —just after announcing the death of oue husband. But Dr. Charlie had never thought of her as a married woman ; she was to him a fair young girl, a waif.cast up by the sea for him—his own—his oceau .trea sure—he had saved her. Nell look at his frank, .earnest face, and shivered, a little beneath the fervent glance. "Oh, doctor," she said, "find some fresher heart ; mine has gone through so- much. .1 think - I can never feel again. But Dr. Charlie thought no other heart would do as well. And when Miss Hepsy came up to the door—not to listen, of course, she scorned the action, but to see if anything were needed—she heard, quite accidentally, these words: " Oh, no; nt»t more than-sis months !" Then the patient's voice softly said : "Sixmouths at lea.st, doator." "Well, that's mighty queer," Miss Hepsy reflected. " I wonder if he's talking about his will 1 But that ain'c bit like Dr. Charlie, to he insisting on his ihoney." So Nellie Bates sta3~cd in the little seacoast town, and found work to do. Indeed, Dr. Charlie had handkerchiefs innumerable to hern, enough to have supplied a "whole tribe of baby kickapoos, if savages had ever been prejudiced by j education in favor of such articles. i Miss Hepsy grew more friendly, for I Nellie was a charming little person,and in the sunshiue of happiness grew so bright that she seemed like a sunbeam her self. Still, there were many curious com ments on the day of the wedding, especi ally by disappointed young ladies who had set their caps for Dr. Charlie. "The artful baggage," said one; " do you know, they say she is a widow." " With old Weller, I say, ' Beware of widows,' " lier companion replied. " Sakes alive ! liow does he know that her husband is really dead V" Miss Hepsy whispered, in confidence, to a-friend; '• 'twould be mighty inconvenient to have him coming back after a while, 'cos it ain't likely h'd have as good manners as that Enoch Arden feller, who jest went off and died sensibly in the nick of time without saying nothing to nobody." But Dr. Earnshawe lpd not taken the serious-step of marriage without making many enquiries and settling the matter to his own satisfaction. He felt a happiness that makes the heart afraid ; still, he trembled at some unseen shadow; he felt an unreality, about it all, as if he were the victim of- a strange dream. Yet there at his fireside and table Bat the beautiful woman he called his wife, growing dearer to him day. by day. At last, when baby lips crowed a wel come to him oh liis return from weary rides, and dimpled baby hands were ( stretched out to meet him, he felt almost as if earth had no more bliss to SlV0 To Nellie Earnshawe this new. life was as if the gates of Paradise-had opened for her—as if she had died in the stormy waves of ocean on that tempestuous night and awakened in heaven. She sung about the house like a bird;- she bloomed into new beauty like a trans planted flower. One night—a night of storm and dark ness—she was listening for her husband's; ] step; baby Charlie was, asleep in his j crib ; the lamplight kindled iip faint gold gleams on-the little rings of flosBy hair that lay ou his white forehead How cosy and comfortable all looked! the bright fire, the warm curtains; the pictures on the wall, while the rain beat against the' window and the wiud wailed butside. Jane sat thinking of the hard and cruel past, and how God had lifted her out of it into a pleasant horn**, and givou her a goodly heritage. Olr, the bitter, pinch ing, cruel time! What a dream it seemed to her now! She went down to see that the supper table looked briglit—Dr. Charlie must have a.cup of hot coffee after his ride. The girl stood at the door, where a ; coarse looking man was inquiring for the doctor. "He is out," said tlie girl. Mrs. Earnshawe's face had grown sud denly-like the face of a corpse. The man stepped boldly forward. " The mistress wiil do as well. I will speak fb her." The girl was going to expostulate, hut Mrs. Earnshawe came forward. "I will see the man, Mary," she sjid in a low voice. " He can leave the mes sage with me." - "The man shot a fiery- glance at her from beneath-his black brows, but walked quietly enough into the doctor's office. Once in and the door shut, he turned fiercely upon her with an oath : "Faith, you carry it'offbravely, my girl, and you open to tho charge, of - bigamy.', " ' " I—I believed you dead, Jem—as God is in Heaven, I did!" cried Jane. " And deuced glad you were-to believe it, and short mourning you made," the man said, coming up to her with a threatening gesture, . which brought hack—oh, so vividly—all the dread ful past. " I thought you were at the bottom, too, or I'd hunted you up long ago; but I was faithful to your memory," with a sneer. The man had been drinking; his horrible hot breath seemed to sicken her. Poor Jane 1 all the refinements of the present'only made the" pastjseem more in- ■! tolerable. She loathed him with dread unutterable. r' " Oh, here's an affectionate welcome after two years absence.' Come, pack up ! I want you now. I've let that blasted j doctor have you long enough."" You can's | keep house for liim any more. Pack up i everything, and«all the spare money you | can find. You ought to. have wages/ you j kuow." I Was the solid earth slipping . awky beueati- her feet ? Was a thick curtaiu of darkness let down oyer the world ? Poor | Jane grasped the aroi of the chair "to steady herself, for all .seeuied . reeling around her. She felt as if death itself had grasped her heart with an icy hand, and she hoped^it might be so. Oh, if Jiie. could indeed go out now before she must go back to that- horrible existence and leave all she loved "behind ! But death did not couie. She felt life throbbing again tremulously iu her veins ; j she felt a ringing in her ears, as if all the ; bell3 of the churches far away were tolling for her dead hopes. She faltered— •' What do you ask, Jem? You do not want me—I am a burden.—you have often said it—let me be in peace." " Well, this is virtue 1 Tliis is nay sainted Nell! And you'd live that way, would you, you baggage V artel he swore a terrible" oath. " Come, my principles won'tallow it. I ain't sunk so low yet. You thought I was dead? You wanted to think so, I dare say; but if you believed it, the affair isn't so bad as it might be; but if you bought me off now and stayed, do you know what you would-be, my girl ?" Nell shuddered. She felt the truth, but right and .wrong were strangely con fused in her mind. To go back to squalor, misery aud blows with this brute, could not seem right ; to stay where all her best hopes, her love, her life, were treasured, cgujd not seem wrong. She had a visipn of^pr love, her darling, with his fond eye3 looking down at her, and his white forelicad'and brown curls, that she knew by heart. "Oh, if she could only spring to those arms and die there ! And her baby—her Prince Charlie—she could not speak of him. She trembled lest his baby cry should reach the ear of her companion, and awaken a torrent of coarse invective and blasphemy. She could not leave him—she would not. She would fly to the ends of the earth, and hide in its most forsaken spots first—she would work for him till she dropped dead first. This was the first gleam of hope—that entered the poor woman's mind. . She' could not stay where she was. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man could claim her, body aud soul — 'twas so nominated in the bond—but she would elude him, and find at least peace, if not happiness, in some obscure corner in the world. The rain beat down sullenly now, and a wild wind shook the/ "tree tops. Mrs. Earnsliawe trembled at the sounds. If the doctor came now—oil, how would the parting be ! ' " Where are you staying, Jem?" she asked. " At the Cottage Hotel; rather low, eh ? Well, I like it low. I'm low my self." "Ill meet you there— " No, you don't. I'll keep an eye on you, my lady." 'Can't you trust mb, Jem?" Nellie said, quaking with fear. " You know 1 can't stay here. If I don't meet you at ten, come here in the morning. I give you leave. Come aud claim me then. I only want to do things quietly. I expect Dr. Earnsliawe every minute, aud then what an awful scene. I cannot hear it. You must go now. I must have a little time to myself," "To pack up, eh 2 Oh, very well—I'm agreeable. Pack up a good dual ; I'll allow every convenience for that opera tion. I think I've got you sure enough, for the law's on my side," and the burly fellow staggered to his feet with a parting oath by way of benediction. Jane did not stop long. She rushed up stairs, and began putting her things to gether with frantic haste. Priaqs Chariot I woke up aticl began to watch Lis mo. hoi I I with laughiugblueeyes,as if all lier move- ] uients were part of a play enacted for Lis benefit. Si.o'ild she write a Lne -to explain ? No, there was no time for that. She could, send a few lines from the next stopping place. Oh, how desolate her darling would be when he came to his lonely home that higbt—wife and child both gone ! She took up an old photograph, and kissed it again and again. In all her frantic hurry she took time for that. She looked around the pretty room full of | beautiful tokens of liis love with frenzied eyes—so pure and fresh it was—a lily of a room. Sihe thought of tlie bare, cold, places that must soon be her home—the j toiling, empty life that awaited her ; and' she felt forced to cry out, as one of oh?: " My God, my God, why hast Thou for saken me?" She did not tal^e many ^things,' only j useful and plain clothing. She could not hear to take the preity ornaments her darling had given her from time to time. She could remember so well the happy - scenes which each recalled. Had it alii been a dream, or was this last a frightful nightmare, .'from t wluch she should, awake soon in an'eestacy of . joy and peace ?-' Baby Charlie's hat and coat now 1 'Oh,' how the storm pelted against the window ' How would she shield the darling m the pitiless blast ? But a dark and stormy night was all the better for thier flight. Few would he abroad then to give tidings of them to any inquiry. A , Hark ! Thebloodstoodstillinker veins. It was—it was the key in the door—a* j sound that always set her heart beating. It bounded now not with the old,joy, but with a sudden and awful terror 3 but she went down. , Dr. Charlie and others^—a -group of men. What had happened ?.He did not see her, but was giving orders. ' "poor fellow, its all over with him. I reckon that pair of horses tramped. the < life out of him at once : but bring him in, and Tff do what I can." Then glancing up, he saw the pale face, as white as a ghost's, looking down.; "Oh, Nellie, keep away." he called out; " a man has been run over, and I was forced to bring him here." But the full light of the hall lamp fell on the man's bloated face as they carried him in. The black brows, the closed eyes, the purple lips, Nellie knew well,{and she know that her deliverane had come. For the doctor said softly qnd reverently— " He is dead." , His wife stole up to baby Charlie's bed side, and fainted away, with a* prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 