-TixPI.OITINa THE 8PIR1T WORLD. ' THU MEDIUM IN MEI.UOURNK HOW THE SLATK WEITINU IH WOKKUa 8pirit".a!i«n, to th-/ wh'i dcliglR in t'"> (CAtv»-Uoti«, isaioinawli.it cnebanting f"rs'1 . aciCQlili'.' e?<r,»-ri-ll((»VH C-.l! t'lr-. To til" JVj."- ffenuttio.'itlherents ol the faith the a;;r<!vc lona of >j-<rituAi'.?n, ab-jut trtucu to ay a faw wc;«I. i» brought nnd' r the lc rcputabl'j 'Jvlimtiyfi o( " ?T».rit- ispi.- KiJirituaJi'.rn trctlcaot to !'>! all th" uobJ'-r fcat-:r-a of ptyclR-! -;:i:a! rcsearcii. Sptritiaui is the incro velr.r;-; f'-r drawing gold out c! 4.h? ikcts of the- rr -Pil ous. It must sink'? ail thine who appr -.-'.!: !-o sufjj. 'jt with a mint! f . frombiaa I>r.r g nc»t alittU-sifigulartliaf.li': ctlicri-aliiCfl crot!"ni of the imiiiblc w.r!-), who am supi»',.v-<J u» Live |«r.":d through tl.y-o p-r- cc«H« - esry t? fit tham for a nobler region, -L'-u'd s-> rcaidily lend thtrmvlvin to tho intuiita,->;ra< cf acuj.iral aybstan;;-fwl>» ii»vokctif.«rir:-«d f-;r purjK-w; cf avari':;'.-u« train. It i bringing t!iow uho havn td'ded us to very d -gr function. The noticticf .111 AltxJii<I -» — " Dead nod turn'-d to clay " having th'r icidu:ir;i of hi material gT'-a'.L-v'-J turof-I iu the of stopping a tr»v:re in a wat(b;-.md-dab hut ?» keep lira wind away in intinifdy ijr'jf'uai.-hr. 'J h ortimdo: ..pitiiin- list ha .-- »iuctrc faith in thy tht-ory id « .'.ar- nattd xpuifs, and th- ir j»->irr in coiivcr-e with ti.ts utilitat.'en woild; bu. b l»a no'.hir g much in e mmon with th'. man 10 dazzl-: the? wliv ;.ie tost in wondyr and arriaz' in'mt at anything xugge.ilivi.- of tlie anpern't'inal. The -isp'Tjlitiuu? |»co:i5;- i>e- licvc anything and ecrytbing that th>y can not acci nr.t for witli t;.'.-;r very JimiU'i know- ledgo i f the conjuror's art. To than, ali outbid" this icrrri.tri:-! plieru i? a gc-.rat tin- known. jfijpJed with object full of terror to tho « ,c-':-d men. 'J'R- >.». arc the people win, Winn tl « y have the '.oj-'. t unity, go fj s'-ancgx with U.e r-gtilariiy .! the Cbriitian to his convent-d-, -:z the M»:s --ulinan to hi- ir.n p;". It nuiv Ijo conttd-d that 1.0 man can r.fforJ to lw a in ii?Mv?r widch do nut cirr.c witjiin the range of natural phenomena. I'.ven great ns'-a have Lc-n im!:'.-n by their rtr iibG. ebaUop-anr can-.- IfMi.Jct to ?ay, "There arir iuo/»- tl.ini in J -:.vt:n and eAflh, Iftratjo, than an- dreamt cf in thy philosophy." The witclu who apj»;arcd u Macbeth in th? t-Jay are <?f the earth earthy. In like manner a dread-d Aup'-T-'tition ciuted the lii'.rar y pundi; of ilitre Tavern fame to go up.n a ghoit hunt in CVck lane. In JcaJ, " enc t ' were u feature of oM-'-.orl'j narrative less trran a century agz, and timr- fu nothing hh" a good Old Marley to rnnk'i a Yule rimiue iniereating at tlir pra- i;o'. d;iy. Then wc have Hush Miller, who was by no means givr n to romanc. t'.dlir.g a thrilling 4-try 01 his youth! whin, on the d'ra'.h of a near relative a: s'-n. hexawa dis«verV(l hand and arm of livid hue htretcl:»d out toward him. Allsuvli (ihenornena may of cour.m L;: reconciled »;v tlir- thconc.s advanced in such workn as (iir Walter Scott? D.-rrion- ology. iu- David Hrs.vter's Natural ILigis ; and tin y are only rcvuthmed in tills article in the nature r,f conce-smn fairly dun U> th wlio pave adopted ojnritualisni, iu its true iriisc, a a comfortably doctrine. Our ntteution ia drawn ft (he matter by the recent adsent to this city of ao c.siwrt medium. Mr Fred. Kvnn-, whote naniA ix pretty familiar in Chicago (U.S.), was ac companied by his tvifc, who claimed to Iw gifted a a clairvoyant. Coming to Aus tralia direct- th«y fni-t touclied »t Urisbanc. where they appear to . !uve created a bit of a srnsation nmongiit a crlain section cf the inhabitant. OnewaH.iinirlitnn. tlie other a clairvoyant. What could w.- vvij-u for mrtre than this ? Whilst the husband was ab!« to call up spirits from the v.mty deep, and inuiic from the Hpherc.), Mr.» Medium was blttcrd with a visioii quite equal to the contemplated cajneity of S.im- AV ellcrV ti,ter&e.cop;«-. rio rnucli light were they able to throw upon the darkness of the spirit wor'ii at their scanc.-s in Hrisbauu that they made a goodly quantity of "wtcar ' tout ot . 4heir patron; for, lib, the dark sybil who misreads your fortun"?, it w:n nccenary to streak thnpahn with gold to raise the ghost. After a time, however, tin- patron gut to know too much fur tho medium aud Merer '1'. T. PaUyrioii ami 1'airtiuu, the former nf tho Survey Ofti-.-c, Brisbane, piwhed on then-vdiuoradorarrurn from tho tjuwndaod capiul. Kv m cama strr-ightto Mellwurn", aod took a fimmi in Victuria Parade, Kaat Mftlbomne, where h" received his vivitora. As a rule the Herniation wa;< enacted fur tin- benefit of «inglu sitters ; and, if raatiified with the mei- nges th'.y received from thy dcad.lhey paid th'.'ir guinea and went on their way rpjoicing. Some of thoso calling upon thomohiun at hit Wgin to. doubt thoir gonutneit'-H?. A inudic.d gcutlemam, heating varhu eceounte, d?yjid"d to go toihe hotm and invi srigata for li:rn?( If. The nlato trirk, explained below, was enacted for his benefit, ffe tfled the medium In special ways. Ifc raid he wanted lu coinmunicaPi with a detartedHpirit, giving tho nama nf Mary .lane JoiraH, aiymg that it a relative. Tlie name was purely Hctitiuit". "Jane "wandcugnrilly written as If it aver "Ann;" in fact, it was hard -to telj which It aim intended lor. Kvnu? then brought up a written mfaiag»fr >;u ''Mary Ann," who was " yr.iy happy " and glad to hear from the Doctor. Kvntis gave a public demonstration of his alleged p RV'T an a medium at tho Iforticul- . turpi. H-tll, ilelJjourne, r. week or two ago. 11m (dlurtx v. an; confined tothu "SlaLi trick and were rccnivcd with 11110 favor by thn local spiritualist. KvfttiH i-xcufted himsolt at tin- opsot by saying that he was mt in good health and w:n mentally perturbed, and he really did uothnow whether ho could tnanag? it, aula good rliral of pi-cltffiiiiury u Muff" to tho mate effect. Sound health, with an even mind, lie maintained ti b<j a nec?4»ity of inediumdiip ; and, having m-ilberof theso n-riuit -sou the evening iu question, he— hy a alrange reversal of tri 1 dootriiK'— proceeded to call upon (tin m- habitant? of aplrlt-land to ontribute tiiuir iui)8i«air-. Out of ouditiun :i? he wai, tl-.? " spirit '' wero voiy kind to iiiiu, and they Mat iu thelmlurootyp'-'d mesnige? as liilh'-rto. Strange to say, n'l-.ily all tho Npinti were . itnbnnd.vith tho Kamn ideal ami the .ume laiigiiiig", Tlioy revcnl -d uo uecroU-for all that tfiey told us we eotiM have told our -elveu. Nearly id! of them intimate that tln-y wc-ro HplriU— mid very diluted indeed must tliey l»e, judgiug frmn thu messages tlioy are accu.tl ot Mudiug to tlmdoar une? nu earth. Some of Kvatm'a particular feat?' arc given Voluw. l or Uieso " menage from the cf--o«I ' lio lias trad nuoiorous callors, who v/i-ro oharged a guinea euch visit. Tho facta ciitiiu to the knowledge of the ftiauageix of Tfie Hkiiji.d, and an ex posure would Iiavq appcareil in tlivao column, as ooon ah all the caseutiul particulars could have hem collated. Our task hnn been ren dered unnecessary by the Week, a Hrm. bano miwupapar, which, mainly through tlie instruim-nmlity of tbo Mr Paiu-rHon icfcrrivi b3, ha? reduced tlie supernatural irranifc.ita- fcions toiliocommonplflc, ami tiio arcmt? of Ihe sennue to mere ?luight-of-fian.l. f-ger- domain would, from the particulars given, np- ' pear to l»i tho chief etiipln of.tlie stocU-indiado of thosptritiBtin his boasted dealings with tho oxcarrm t«% '1 Among tho leading features of Kvaira'a Cliolotrical rntertainnifnt arc wliat are (mown M slatu writing, the lock trick, und tying ktyrie in mi ondlofls string. Not ono of tiwse trioks iw inoro remurhublu than tho pcrfor- WIDn— of Maatelyno nnd Cook, but tin.y qfllcod to draw audienccH and bring grint to the mill. Tho ulntc-wrilinir trick is supiioHed to lis tho work of departed friend, who lend .them?, -Ives Coptic xrtvico of tho medium, and attend to his incantations. Tho modui operandi of this i>m of tlio prjgnirnmo havo been well laid bare by MrFatter«ui. who has performed the trick mostaotisfacforily in tho presence of a ntlmber of prominenc oitizons in liri?lrauc. On the inner surface of two alalex, folded together, and fastened wills an elastiu band, poncll writing, in various colors and hirguag , as well nf drawings, morn or less artistic, wero depleted. It was set forth to (he aqdiouce that tho' ivriting wa? done by HpiritH, who seized a, pioco of pencil from between the folded .slatus. It wu? often clearly noticed that tho pencil had never been iihoiI ' At all, and sometimes the medium . ontittcd to place the pencil be- tween lh«il.ite\ Noiio tf the w:itirgg3c indications tf Iming «»nar.a'.ed fr«:o the in habitants r.f auoth-r v.orl;!. W?)?ri thv slr.'n. b.el ben th aieal th-y utre ph:d on tho ft:-or, the visitor having 1.--M lb" withthemfdiumfor tin- iyn.ticcnrrr ut ttpxss on incident whdty brote.-d. V,l, n th- »!n - wen lifte-l from lh" tly.r th y cmnir.i.d the tracit.ja'k v. Jrch bad b un y.'A> d. The '--xpkin.v ti-ii th- affair U-fc v.iy iudic.- .u- Tfi" euitr.im'r.g rf.t- v.fithig J-.vJ r. fal-c ovrMt'. which, r.» (he f- ri-J-.-i wtre b-Ing ctr.itrl, sv.m d.al rwu-1, l-p;d a vay, and then' Wff<-tevi a!vd the tiaci: --Mi thohtc which the ip:riti rrr- alh g» d t n'liMt pn/Juced. And A- Mich ruinifV-t poule were Willing i-> p.-v aivey their mmi'.y : Dtx- ti- rity in i:nr.iiv;btiu:i 1. t? . pritscpj! r«|ni»c- in' nt in thi s br.\ and Mr IV.t<rv>ii, who, by th- way, v/.r( om: of tlio-c? v-'ho to btit;g out Jivan? and IU w.fe, gave a far n.oic n;rc. --ful ptrfurn.nnc: in slate-wrilmg tl-an 1 he oi'dinni bimvlf. One utter At Mr Patwv eon- nance wax Mr J. 'Hrunton -Stephen, the cvImivS pxt hur-aie.and he r.civca from the ' spirit world"' the folk/V.ing amusing cvrn- stiumknh,— We px-ts areal) Aobappy h' rr. None of iu write poetry now. Seine of u rrrrr t/»V. Hurry up. William Siiakkm>eare. The " lf/ck trick" 1, jx rbapt, the mut "rfplriiuati'iic" of all K> ansV inrrfonn- incu, nnd th? one writ calculated to ishock a timid mind. Ssrnr- fcixt'.eh ladies or g-ntJeinun, amongst th'-m the mcdinr.1% wif, >at in a drawragroaui, wJiSch is divided from a diniiigroom by folding d>.r?. One of the folding dzors was left ojien andob«nir-d by a curtain, the guvats sitting in horseshoe, shape in front of it. Some tfireo fvet from the curtain, and within the circle, . was fixed a table, and on it there were placed an accordicm, concertina, bell, tambourine and a guitar. Mr .Evans was fastened by means of a latent brass collar to the wall in the diningmom, a socially-marked postage tatnp bem?' 'placed over the keyhole to that it could not bo used in theoidinaiy way. All being ; ready it isrecordttl tliat the in&ttamenU; wore immediately lifted from the table, " loud knock? were heard, the bell rang loudly, and thiaccordion most beautifully played, seem ingly all round the circle, aud cloxc to the faces of the sitter?, the wind from the bellows b?ing felt quite distinctly." These ruauifestntinn? w«re carried on with some variation f-jf a long time, and several of the instruments were played together, giving one the idea of an orchestra at work. Suddenly tficrc appeared at the curtain a beautifully illuminated materialised form, which the sitters were afterwards in- fotmed was that 0! the ancient Spartan king, Ageaibu?. Tfie figure shone lunlinotisly, a diadem on the huad, and nntnerous decorations . on the breast. "Advancing a few step the figute shook hau ls with Mm Evan, nnd placed his band on the Lead of one of the gentle- men present, bowing gracefully to the circle. The figure then retired behind the curtain. F ollow- ingthi?, several other distinct forms appeared, but none to distinct as the first. " More music and the seance terminated. Nobody seems to have examined the iiutrumenti to ascertain if they w«re automatic. The luminous aspect given to the material forriti ia easily accounted for by all who understand the uses of phospho rous. Then ax to the Lrav? collar and the " prisoner" within it, wo will only remark that after thia very active demonstration in hpiritualrarn, eo-called, Evans was found in his lock- "pale, trembling, and perspiring. '' And co wonder 1 It was found on subsequent investigation that it was juusible for any person secured a? Evans was by inserting the blade of a penknife iu a particular spot to liberate himself. Each of the other fcai3 and manifestations »i"thm"iii comparison with the foregoing. Th? exposure- which has been made has alienated a large number of Mr and Mm Evan?'? tup|>ort2rs in Hricbatip, Mime oi whom in conversation 'Aith the destroyers of tho de lusion. wore obliged to admit that "the nutrdcr Hut it is tbo Slate Writing Tuck which brings in tlie money, that brine the only >cr- furmanro gone through regularly in Evrmu'w hou3o, and cveryi. visit must bo madr- by appointment. The spirit must know who is coming to consult them. It will bo of in terest to our readers 10 learn IIow tub Si-atb Writing Trior rs Donk. The fullowing i« the description given by tho Wtsk-i Procure ordinary school slate., hut No 2 of I-'aberif make in th? best adapted for the pur pose. A film of papier machc, or thin Mate, most thru bo made to fit tho »lato exactly in side the framework. Th'J writing or drawing having been done on tho ulatos prior to the seance, tho mask or film ii then fitted 011 tho slate so as to act as a cover, aud it may of course bo marked and clcanVd as much as the sitter wishes. Tilt mask can be removed in any way anil at nny portion of the seance tfie lurfurmer wiiihe, - 'ilit Pattbkso.v'i Statkjikn't. It may be mentioned that Mr Pattcraon had only one silting with the medium. lie de sired to arrange for a second one ; but was put off from time to tim?. He, however, pointed out' to a fri'mr lutv Evan might be bowlvd'out, nii'i the following i? Mr Pattcrjon's account cf what to;tk phtc?, as given in the Wrri- A fortnight before ilr Evans's projcChd de parture from Urinbine, nut having received any communication from him and being unabb, thrrefnre, to obtuin a ?c.uiU3 myself, I agreed witlca friend that he should go and interview Mr Evan. The follmvinsr 1 an extract from that gcntlvinau'H diary, nnd relates lira experi ence:— " Friday, 2Ut Jcenibir, t8S3.-CaIled by nppointmcnt 011 Mv I'ivain, this (-tate- writinc medium, nt hi? oflhe, Ao. 5 AiHtr.dinu Mutual Provident liuildihj;-, for the purpose of having nutans?, lie occupied two room?, ar.-par.ited by u high wooden partition, but which did not reach to ih-c- iliug; one of the rooms M-t'ined to b'tiuvid as a wraittn.'-rooin : tlie otliei a? a Hi-auce- ioom. Found Mr ICvans in and alomv Ho asked me to take a « -nt for a few miimtea while In? got ready. Atthii time I asked hiui Iti.i ti-ruH, and he replied, 'One guinea.' I oil-red to pnj him before tli-s M'aiicea, but he did iint-accept the money, I should, p'-i-Inp?, luve stated lieforo that t went with the inten tion of detecting aud expiring hU trick, and had relieari'.-i the lm?ine« the mglit before with Mr Pattersuu, und hnd nlno arranged with Mr Patterson that he siiould be 011 hand If a seriwii row took place between Kvau and myself. ' After silting a few minutes In the wailing- room, looking at a few t>ootw and pictures on xpirituil. zuhjectH, Mr Evans toul n.e lie wjs ready, and 1 followed him Into tho M-aucn 1 rooui. He invited me to take a seat at 011c hide 'of a rather wide but comm-m-looking table, while ho took a Kent on the other side. There was quito a number of slates un the floor on his right l aud, nnd a chair was also placed within reach of hit right hand, having, pi-rhnp? three or four nlatea on it; thcrn were a few slates lying about on the table almi. Mr Evans now took tip a alate. and with a pencil, marked one Hide of the slab: Unix, 1/ tho other ride tlnm, 2.' Spat on, and with a -towel cb-aucd onu ?'nle, then npat on nnd cleaned tho other aide in like maimer. During Muh time a few remarks wore made about tho climate nnd Kmitary con dition of Dridjane, etc. The triaD? was now magnetised by placing the tips of our fingers upon it whilu tying Hat on the (ablr, also placing it on its edge nnd holding it tlio himho way. Thin occupied pr-rhnp.i fiv» minuUM, Ho thru tonic up a secm.d white, marked and cleaned ic Itlcc tlio firnt one. WV then commenced inagnetiring thra om by holdiug it 011 its edge with tlie tip? of our finger#, and I was convinced that tlm hMo which I tried to xna'.ch wax lunski-d. At tliiA Btugu I attiuiipt'.-d to get p i.ssessi'ju of this riute by switching it from him, but owing to the width of the tubl?, and the fact that the riate was close to his side of it, ho evidently haw my intentinn, and was too quick for me. We both left our seats and I went up to him stonily demanding to' see the slate. He rc plied by ordering inn out of hu office, sayiug I had paid him uo money yet, nnd tailing me it Wia his private ufiic. I ag.un went up to him and again demanded to see the shite, when he arid i hlituilri have nrid fur it, and ho tvuilrl havo shown it tu tun ; bat uu\v, il I did not g-», ' JJy — , lie would break il(ti»u (date he liuUI iu his lintidjoverpiy head.' I them moved towards thatlnm. and ho gave urn two! or three piralu-M, 1 supjhimi by way of god>pri-d. I Of course I paid him no money. I should ' have stated that on leaving Mr Evaira's rooms i said to him, 1 1 know your trick, and will ex- l?>i> you by publishing it to-morrow.' " My fr;rjd having failed to obtain the i » .deuce rccght after wt considered it advisable t». cvrr.m'jrricatc srith Ici»Ktor and. at hi- afp,.:.tn.'.xii,wi'L'i5t at thr IXuctivcOfficc and - thctrirk of tlalc- ritinglo vbow rh>: w- t.i.-.e gr uud fur -taring that the . »car.c-, of Mr lAa:.. were frauds. I v. a? to sr.'ccs:ol with I>-Vi ti<'t be rc- qu,'-t<u i.:' Viif-pi-ct lb? trick in the prince "f i.tsr bex'.-known detectives ia ou the f'riru-irc e idling, with the object ol vcr.d- ;:ig th-.- detective? to obtain a stance from Mr TJ:? trick was i-erfurmcd b-'-bfe th? d'.tvvtivr, &nd; lull ir.rUr.CtL'm given hico a to how li- '.vn to act to Mr Evan, and he was ia- strucc-t! by Inspector Lewis to tryacd obtain & S'.aiicc frotn Mr Evaus. After nqx-atcd a!P;(r.pt«, however, he failed Vj obtain a trance from Mr Evaui. In addition to thtae I al« told :ny brother tliat if he could make an ap- puniiiien: for an interview with Mr Evan I would instruct turn how to ptocecd during the seance. Eat on hi making application at their office he was told by Mr and Mrs Evans that they had given up practice in ErUbau?. Mrs Evans added Hint they had not given any tvanC'S for tome time past to any kutfriends or person atmngly rvcumrm ndid by friends. It is a fainntarenc?, therrfor?, thst th period during which llir.w?- friendly interviews had taken place wax dated from the day when Mr Fairmart had hisehcotinpr with the laedinm. As aoonas-I received vrorJ from the detective that after several efforts he liad failed to obtain ou interview, and knowing that Mr Evans was to give no ir.on- seances in Brisbane to anybody. 1 went down' to tha Psychnlogicnl Sodtiy's meeting, when? - 1 knew Jlr Evans was, and told several of the gentlemen there of my dii- covery. I ahi askci for an inlcivlcw with Mr Evan, and told him in the presence of witnesses that " ever since i had that seance wilhyoti I havi known'thc ttick, and I intend to expose you : but I want to deal fairly with you, nml tell you the fact so that you can rroiain and defend yoonwlf." He replied, " Why didn't you tell me this before I t>ack(d up my tilings and gave up iny rooms;" I reflied, "For tlio simple rearoa.tbatl wanted tu catch you; and you need not bo exercised abont haying your effects packed up. because you can earily buy a few tlales and obtain another room, and if yn cannot easily obtain another room I will give you th? u».e of intoe in order to allow you to defend yourself." This doted my interview with Mr Evans, It will be remembered that when Slide was herewith' his Slate Writing trick The Hf.qat.d dealt with the suhjret Blade, however, did not es'ny the colored writing or drawing. He kept to pencil writing on tho riata pure and simple. Wc shall at an early date give for the edification of our rf-ader a theory propounded by a spiritualist in thisCilv as how the spirits get hold of the color with which they arc supposed to write on Evam'a ri.Ves. 