Crystals No more droughts. ' Wo know now how to futch tho clerk of the weather. Fetch an expensive football 'team along and it will rain cats and dogs without further notice. - ? Drought is a very severe afllction, especially in an agricultural country. '. But some of us would prefer drought to football teams if the record is always to bo visitors 20, locals nil. However tho majority would rather dearth in the football to dearth in the harvest Hold. If it is too soon to endow a University, it is none too soon to endow a scliool for scandal. For preiching scandal from the. housetops and doorstops people get expenses and mileage. While those who object to the propogation of such gospel get fourteen days. The reproach of indifference to high oduca. tion (and low. language) can no longer bo imputed to one portion of the colony, at any rate, The caueussers are still cawing aud cussing over their work in the Temperance Hall. ? Some of tjioso who innocently camo to the call of ' business very important,' when they found out the nature of the business, became ' ropeable,' _ They aro pretty nearly all vopoablo by this time, and that is the reason we goodnaturedly supply the rope. A couple have already availed themselves of: it, a short piece sufficing in their cases. Our present Assembly has never been counted out, we believe, though it was a nar row squeak on Friday last. The N.S.W. Assembly with twice the members, is continually being counted out, thanks to Hughie Taylor. This shows that if the most counsel is found in tho biggest multitude, tho most mnUicnde is not nlwuys found in the biggest Council, or Assembly either. Snutley is coming, .Before the' box plan was open four hours at Paling's ou Monday, half the reserves seats wer« taken — at 6/- each, too. This shows an appreciative demand for first-class music. Or do threo out of four come to worship a name ? No; we will suppose that everyone, having hoard the great singer ns Smith tbo obscure, would be just ns anxious to hear him again as such a3 they are to hoar him as Santloy the famous. Its human nature for all that. The last snake story.— Iu Warwick they uso young snakes for bait. These are worms that tho Christian muj'i not ' put Iho hook through teuderly, ns if you lovod them,' eccording to Izaak's precept. Tho Croydon honrdsmen (all but the chair man) are highly incensed ah the remarks made nbout their unique balance-sheet. And quit-j right too. They are all com paratively new hands, with the exception of the chairman. They camo into the Board in time to find all the swag divided or embozzled. Faith, they loavo good rcasou for their indignation. And now the very endowment;' upon which they calculated as a dead ccrtaiuty, is to be withheld. . Not much uso bciuga boardsmeiiatCroydoii, unless you're in lime. Tho other day the Mabdi was. squelched for tbo 107th time by the cable. . . And now that unfortunate Fuakiu, the Sisyphus of cities, his to roll back the Dervishes for the 103th timo. There is a famine in tbe Soudan, certainly, but the sand breeds Dervishes aud fleas with equal fecundity . A 'clairvoyant' hns been olectrifying tbe gentlemen who affect 6% hats up North. She'll tell you who 3tolo the silver mug the day you were christened. Somo years ago the lady und her husband started business in Balmain, and— duly failed . What has givon us an aching head and heart ia the attempt to solvo this problem : Why Iho di.-ucn didn't aho clairvoyance (if that's tho word) tbo blesBod thing beforo touching it, and thus save years of labour ? Those of a reilective turn oE mind will be- v gin to think ono of two things. Either .that clairvoyance is a crank appur tenance, liko ghosts and dreams, or that failure iu buainosi is regarded by somo as a success. There is a good deal iu that. 'Acbir'— not AlUh, more probably tbo other, usually known as the father of ' cables ' —tolls the £'. At. Herald a lot of news. Morehcad is going to resign at the oud of the session n-nl clear uut for Europe. Billy 1'nllisou is goiuj,' to fpllow suit. They have probably come, to. this deturmina. linn for the purposo oE escort'mg Meyeuburir safely b.iuk to tho Fatherland ; Iu fulfilment of the of t-repoated promiso contained in the words, 'Novor you mind, Moyenber*,; old inau. We'll seo that you are all right,' Donaldson is to be Premier because' ' ho's a ?cotchman, , , , - Aud Groom will probably taVo^Pattison's place at the Treasury chest. ... Tbo roseato edge of a high old tirao, en- ? veloped in blooming ads and things, is stickimr out for souiR of us. Four new stars to appoar in ' tho constella tion that enlightens the unl'varu.' Tho Territ-ries of North aud South Dakota, Moutaoa aud Washington about to bo mado States. There will soon bo inoro governments in tbo Statos than in all tho rot of tbo world. Just tbo placo for a man of mcau». Ho can keep stopping across -.tato borders till ho tindji a gOTetnmeot to suit him. 