THE DAY WILL COME. BY M.E. BRADDON. Author of "bady Audley's Secret," "Vixen," "[?])," "Like and Unlike," The Fatal Three," &c;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chafteb L— {Continued), "Farewell, too—now at laet— Farewdl, fair lily." The Dalbrooks, of Dorchester, had gone upon their way quietly, thriving, respected, but in no wise distinguished. Matthew, junior, had succeeded his father, Matthew, tester, and the firm in Cornhfll had been Dalbrook & Son for more than thirty years; tnd now Theodore, the eldest of a family of fcve, was Son, and his grandfather, the founder of the firm, was Bleeping the sleep of th? jest in the cemetery outside Dorchester. Lord Cheriton was too wise a man to forget <Id obligations or to avoid his kindred. There was nothing to be ashamed of in his connection with a thoroughly reputable firm like Dal brook and Son. They might be pro v ccial, but their name waa a synonym foe honor acd honesty. They had taken as fitua root in the land as the county families wtoee title deeds and leases, wills and codicOs they kept They were well-bred, well educated. God-fearing people, with no strug gling ambition, no morbid craving to get upon a higher social level than the status to which their professional position and their means entitled them. They rode and drove good bones, kept good servants, lived in a good bouse, visited among the country people with moderation, but. they made no pretensions to being "emart" They offered no sacrifices of fortune or self- retpect to the modern Mflwtl', Fashion. There was ft younger son called Harrington, destined for the Church, and with advanced views upon church architecture and music, and there were two unmarried daughters, Janet and Sophia, also with advanced views upon the woman's right question, and with a sovereign contempt for the standard young lady. Theodore's lines were marked oat for him with inevitable precision. He had been taken into partnership the day he waa ont of bis articles, and at seven and twenty he was hi§ father's right hand, and represented all that was modern and popular in the firm. He was steady as a rock, bad an intellect of singnlar acotenes?, a ready wit, and very pleasing manners. He had above all things the "inestimable gift of an equable and happy temper. He had been everybody's favorite from the nursery upwards, popular at school, popular at the University, popular in the local club, popular in the hunting tield; and it was the prevailing opinion of Dorchester that he ought to many an heiress and make a great position for the house of Dalbrook. gome people had gone so far as to say Hut he ought to marry Lord Cberiton's daughter. He had been made free of the great house at Oheriton from the time he was old enough to visit anywhere. His family had been bidden to all notable festivities; had been duly called noon, at not too long intervals, by Lady Cheriton. He had ridden by Juanita's side in many a ran with the South Dorset foxhounds, acd had waited about with her outside many a covert. They had picnicked and made gipsy tea at Corfe Castle; they had rambled in the woods near Stndland; they hbd sailed to Branksea, and, further away, to Lnlworth Cove, and the romantic caves of Stare; but thi? had been all in frank cousinly friendship. Theodore had seen only too soon that there was no room for him in bi? kinswoman's heart. He began by admiring her as the loveliest girl he had ever seen; he had ended by adoring her, and he adored her still; but with a loyal regard which accepted her position aa another man's wife; and he would have died eooner than dis honor her by one unholy thought. It waa nearly 10 o'clock when be rode slowly along tbe avence that led into Dorchester. Xbe moon was shining between the leafy tops of the tell elms, whose overarching boughs re called the familiar image oi a vaulted aisle. U? road with that high overarching roof had a solemnlooktntiMtmooelitstillness. Tbe Roman ampMfteatrei yonder, grassy banks suggesting tbe semicircular benonea-of stone, shone white in the moonbeams; tbe old town seemed, half asleep, Tbe house in Comhill bad a very PhQistme look as compared with that fine old mansion of Cberiton winoh was present to his nind in very vivid colun to-night, those two wandering about the old Italian garden band-in-naad wedded lovers with the lamplit rooms open to the soft eumme night, acd the long terrace and stone balus trade and moss-grown statues .of sylvan god all silvered by tbe moonbeams. Tbe Carnhil house waa a fine old bouse notwithstanding, a panelled house of the Georgian era, with a wide entrance hall, and a well ttaiiuase with carved oak balhnter rail a foot broad. The furniture had been very htUe changed since the days of Theodore's Freat-gratdfatfaex. for the late Mrs. Dalbrook bad cherished no yearnings' for modern art in the fmni'ure line. Her gentle spirit had looked up to her hu&bsnd; as * .leader of men., and bad reverenced chair* aad table*, bereaus aid wirdrobet that bad belonged to his grand fatter a? if they were made sacred by that as sociation. Ana thus the good old house in the good old town had • savor of bye-gone generations, so old family air which the parvenu would bay for much gold if be oould. Tree that the dining room chairs were cver- pooderocs, and the dining-room picture* belonged to the obscure school of religious art in wtneh yon can only catch your saint or your martyr at one particalar angle, yet the chairs were of a fine antique farm, and bore the crest of tbe DfAraoks on their shabby leather backs, and tbe pictmes had ? respectable brownneas which might mean Holbein or Rembrandt. Tbe drawing room was large and bright, with four narrow, .deeply-recessed windows commanding the broad street and the Peasock Hotel over the way, and deep window seats craau?edwitb flowers. Here tbe oak panelling bad been painted pale pink, aad the mould jugs picked out in a deeper tint by successive generations of Vandals, but the effect was cheerful, and the pale walls made a good back ground for the Chippendale secretaires and cabtaets filled with willow-pattern Worcester orOrown Derby. She window curtains were dark brown doth, with a border of Berlin wool lilies and roses, a border which would have set tbe teeth of an aesthete on] edge, but which blended with the general brigbtness of the room. . Old Mrs. Matthew Dalbrook, the grandmother, and bet tbreeipmster daughters bad toiled over those cross-stitch borders, and Theodore's mother would have deemed it eaccOrge to have put aside curtains so em bellished. Harrington Dalbrook and his two sisters were in the drawing- room, each apparently absorbed .in an instructive book, and yet all tse ereusg. It was a characteristic of t|^fr highly intellectual lives to nurse a volume of Herbert Spencer or a treatise upon the deeper mysteries of Buddha, while they diacossed the conduct or morals of their neighbors—or, on the feminine part, their gowns and bonnets. "I thought yon were never coming home, Theo,*caid Janet. "Yon dont mean to say yon waited to see the bride anal bridegroom 'r \- That is exactly what Ido mean to say, I bad to set old Sandown's lease executed, and when Iliad finished my business I waited about to see them arrive. Do yon think yon could get me anything in tbe way of rapper, Janie V 'Father went to bed ever so long ago," re plied Janet; " it* dreadfully late," "But I don't suppose tbe cook has gone to bed, and perhaps the would condescend to cut meaeandwhich or two," answered Theodore, ringing tbe. belL His sisters were orderly yourg women who objected to eating and drinking out of regula tion boors. Janet looked Around the room dis contentedly, thinking that her brother would make crumbs. Young men she had observed are almost miracle workers in the way of crumbs. They can get more cuper?ous crumbs ont of any piece of bread than the entire piece would appear to contain, looked at by the casual eye. "Ihave found a passage in Spencer which most fulJy bears out my view, Theodore," said Sophia severely, referring to an argument she bad had with her brother the day before yester day. "How did she look?" asked Janet, openly frivolous for the nonce. "Lovelier than I ever saw her look in her life," answered Theodore, "At least I thought so." He wondered, as he said those words whether it had been his own despair at the thought o? having irrevocably lost her which invetted her familiar beanty with a new and mystic power. " Yes, she looked exquisitely lovely, and completely happy—an ideal bride,' "If her nose were a thought longer her face would be almost perfect," said Janet. " How was she dressed?" " I could no more tell yon than I could say bow many petals there are in that Dijon rose yonder. She save me an impression of cool soft color. I ftunk there was yellow in her hat —pate yellow, Kke a primrose." "Men are such dolts about women's dress," retorted Janet imi*toently; "and yet they pretend to have taste and judgment, and to criticise everything we wear." ** I think you may rely upon us for knowing what we don't like," said Theodore. He seated himself in bis father's easy chair, a roomy old chair with projecting sides, that almost hid him from the other occupants of the room. He was weary and sad, and their chatter irritated his overstrung nerves. He weoM have gone straight to his own room on arriving, but that would have set them won dering, aod Be did not want to be wondered aboot; He wanted to keep his secret, or as nsneb of ft as te could. No doubt those three k?*wtfcatlu?badbee?fe*dof her, very fond; tifctfce wTOidfesve sacrificed bsJf his lifetime to win her for tbe ottat half; but they did I not know how fond. They did not knew that he would have melted down all the sands of time into one grain of gold—if be could—for one golden day in which to hold her to his' teatt and know she loved him. CHAPrza 11. " And warm and light 1 felt her clasping hand Vhea twined in tnlue; she followed wbere I went." There is a touch of childishness in all honey rroon couples, a something which suggests the babes in the wood, left to day together by the Arch Deceiver, Fate; wandering hand in hand in the morning sunshine, gathering flowers, pleased with tbe mosy banks and leafy glades, before ever hunger or cold or fear came upon them, before the shadow of night and death stole darkly ontbeirpath. EvenGodfreyCarmichael, a sensible, highly-educated young man, whose pride it was to march in the van of progress and enlightenment, even he had that touch of childishness which is adorable in a lover, and which lasts, oh, so short a time, oven as the bloom on the peach, the down on the butterfly's wing, the morning dew on a rose. He bad loved her all his life, as it seemed to him. They had been companions, friends, lovers, for longer than either could remember, so gradual bad been the growth of love. Yet the privilege of belonging to each other was none the less sweet because of his old fami liarity. " Are we really married—really husband and wife—Godfrey T l asked Juanita, nestling to his Bide as they stood together in the wide veran dah, where they breakfasted on these peerless Jnly moaning! among roses and clematis. " Husband and wife—such prosaic words. I heard you speak of me to the vicar yesterday as'my wife.' It gave me quite a shock." " Were yon sorry to think it was truer' " Sorry —no ! But wife. The word has such a matter-of- fact sound. It means a person who writes cheques for the house accounts; revises the bill of fare, and takes all the blame when the servants do wrong." "Shall I call yon my idol, then, my goddess—tbe enchantress whose magic wand wafts gladness and sunshine over my existence?" " No, call me wife. It is a good word after all, Godfrey—a good serviceable word, a word tbat will stand wear and tear. It means for ever." They breakfasted tote ?i t<'te in their bower of roses; they wandered about the chase cr eat in the garden ail day long, They led an idle desultory life like little children, and wondered that evening came so aoon, stared up late into the summer night, steeping themselves in the glory of that world of starehine Tand silence which seemed new to them in their mutual delight. 3"bere was a lovely view from that broad terrace, with its Italian balastradeaad statues, its triple flight of m*rM? steps descending to an Italian garden, which had been laid out in tbe Augustan age of Pope and Addison, when the distinctive feature of a great man's garden was ttateliness. Here was tile lovers' favorite loitering place when the night grew late, Juanita looking like Juliet inner loose white silk tea gown, with its Venetian ampli tude of sleeve and its mediaeval gold embroi dery. fashionable dressmaker who made that gown had known bow to adapt her art to Miss Cberiton's beauty. The long straight folds accentuated every perfect line of the finely-moulded figure, fuller than the average girlish figure, tuggeetive of Juno rather than Psyche, She was two inches taller than tbe average girl, and looked almost as tall as her lever as she stood beside him in the moonlight, gazing dreamily m the landscape. This boshed and solemn hour on the verge of midnight was their favorite time. Then only were they really alone, seeore in the knowledge that all the household was deeping, and that they had their world verily to themselves, and might be as foolieh as they liked. Once at tight of a shooting star Juanita flour herself upon her loret's breast and sobbed aloud. It was some minutes before he could soothe her. "My love, my love, what does it mean ;" he asked, mystified by her agitation, "I saw tbe star, and I prayed that we might never be parted; and then it flatbed upon me that we night, and I could not bear the thought," she sobbed, clinging to him like a frigbteced child. •'My dear one, what Bhauld part us, except death?" "Ah, Godfrey, death u everywhere. How could a good God make hiscreatures so fond of each other and yet part them so cruelly as he does sometimes?" "Only to unite them again in another world. Nita, I feel as if our two lives most go on in an endless chain, ending among those stars yonder, which could not hive been made to go for ever unpeopled. There are happy lovers there at this instant, I am convinced—lovers who have lived before us here, and who nave been translated to a higher life yonder; lovers who have tasted the pangs of parting, tbe ecatacy of reunion." He glanced vaguely towards that starry heaven, while he fondly smoothed the dark hair upon Juanita's brow, which looked like statuary marb'e in tbe moonlight. It was not eaty to win ber tack to cheerfulness. Tbat dreadful vision of possible grief had tio com pletely poscestcd her. Godfrey was fain to be serious finding ber spirits so shaken ; eo they talked together gravely of that unknown here afttr which philosophy apd religion may map ont with rrathematieal distinctnesp, but which remains to the individual soul for ever rays terirae and awfoL Her husband found it wiser to talk of solemn things, finding her so sad, and che took comfort from that serious conversation. "Let us lead good lives, dear, and hope for tbe but in other worlds," be said. " There is sound sense in the Buddhist theory, that we are the makers of our own spiritual destiny, and that a man may be in advanoe of his ■ fellow men, even in getting to Heaven." The next day was the first thelovers devoted to practical things. They started directly after breakfaet for a tete a t£te drive to the Priory, where certain alterations and improve ments were contemplated in the rooms which were to be JuanitaV. Godfrey's widowed mother, Lady Jane Oarmidiael, had trans ferred herself and her balntiging? to a villa at Swanage, where she was devoting herself to ] the creation of a garden, which was on a small scale to repeat tie beauties of her flat old- j fashioned flower garden at the Abbey. It j itked her somewhat to think bow long tbe hedges of yew and hofly would take to grow; but there was a certain pleasure in creation. She was a mild loving creature, with an aris tocratic profile, silvery gray hair, and a small fragile figure; a woman who looked a i patrician to her finger tips, and whom every body imposed upon. Her bine blood had not endowed her with the power to rule. Bhe j adored btr ton, was very fond of Juanita, and resigned her place in her old home without a sigh. "The Priory was a great deal too big for me," sbe told ber particular friends. "I used to feel horridly dismal there when Godfrey was at Oxford, and afterwards; for of course he was often away. It was only in the shooting season that the house looked cheerful. I hope they wQI soon have a family, and then that will enliven the place a little." A seven- mile drive in the fresh morning air along the level road between Corfe and Ware ham, a refeion of marsh and watery meadow, where the cattle gave charm and variety to a lacdEcape which would have been barren and monotonous without them, a place of wind iog streams on which toe summer sunlight was shining. The Priory was by no means so fine a place as Cberiton, but it was old, and not without i interest, and Lady Jane was justified in the assertion tbat it was too large for ber. It would be too small perhaps for Bir Godfrey and bis wife in the days to come, when in the natural course of events James Dalbrook would be at rest after his life labor,- and Cberiton would belong to Juanita. J'No doubt they will like Cheriton better than the Priory when we are all dead and gone," caid Lady Jane, with her plaintive air. " I only hope they will have a family." This idea of a family was almost a craze with Lady Jane CarnticbaeL She had idolised her 1 only eon, had been miserable at every parting, j and it bad seemed a bard thing to her that there was not more of him, as she had herself expressed it. " Godfrey has been the dearest boy. I only with I had six of him," she would say pitcou?ly; and now her mind projected itself into the future, and she pictured a bevy of crandchildren—numerous as a covey of part ritfgf 6 in the upland fields of the home farm at Chtriton—aiid fancied benelf lavishing her hoarded treasures of love upon them. She bad grandchildren already, and to spare, the off spring of a married daughter, but these were not CatmicbaeTs, and, though they were vety dear to ber maternal heart, they were not ? hit Godfrey's children would be to her. Sbe would be aooe, the-told herself, before they would be old enough to forsake her. She would be gone before those young birds grew too ?trong upon tbe wisg. A blessed spell of polden yean lay before her ; a nursery, and then a schoolroom ; and then perhaps before the laet dim doting scene a bridal, a grand daughter clinging to her in the sweet sadness of leave taking, a fair young face crowned with orange flowers pressed against ber own in tbe bride's happy kiss—and then Bhe would ray Nanc darMtU, and feel that her cup of gladness bad been filled to the balm. The lovers' talk was all of that shadowy future, as the pair of greys bowled gaily along the level road. The bones were Godfrey^ favorite pair, and belonged to a team of ches nnts and greys which bad won him some dis tinction last season in Hyde Park, when tile coaches met at the corner by tbe magazine, and when the faandeome Miss Dalbrook, Lotd Cheriton'a heiress, was the cynosure of many eyes. The thoughts of Sir Godfrey and his wife were far from Hyde Park and the Four-in-Hand dub this morning. Their minds were filled with simple rural anticipa tions, and had almost a patriarchal torn, aa of an Arcadian pair whose wealth was all in flocks and herds, and green pastures like these by which they were driving. Tbe Priory stood on law ground between Wareh&m; and Winfecuz?e, eheltered from the north by a bold ridge of heath, eereencd on the eut by a little wood of oaks aad chesnuts, Spanish chesnuts, with graceful, drooping branches, whose glossy leaves contrasted with tbe closet foliage of ragged old oaks. The bouse was built of Purbeck stone, and its bluish grey was touched with shades of gold and iflvery green where tbe lichens and mosses crept over it, while one long southern wall was clothed with bum pet ash and magnolia, myrtle and rose, as with a closely interwoven curtain of greenery, from which the small latticed window? flashed backed tbe sunshine. Nothing at the Priory was ?o stately as its counterpart at Oheriton. Tbete were marble balustrades and rnral gods there on the terrace; here there was only abroad gravel walk along the southern front, with a little old shabby stone temple ifl each end. At Cnenton three flights of marble steps led from the terrace to tbe Italian garden, and then again Uree more flights led to a garden on a lower level, and bo by studied gradations to the bottom of title slope on which the mansion was built. Here house and garden were on the fame level, and those gardens which Lady Jane had so loved and cherished were distin guished only by an elegant simplicity. Between the garden and a park of ten than CO acres there waa only a sunk fence, and the sole glory of that modest domain lay in a herd of choica Channel Island cows, which had been Lady Jane's pride. She bad resigned them to Jnantte witbont a sigh, although each particular heart had been to her as a friend. "My dear, what could Ido with cows in a villa J" ?he said, when Joanita suggested that she should at least keep her favorites. Beauty, and Maydew, and Coquette. "Of course, as yoo say, I could rent a couple of paddocks; bat I should not like to see the herd divided, Besides, you will want them all by-and-by, when you have a family," Nita stepped lightly across the threshold of her future home. The old grey porch waa em bedded in roses and trailing passion flowers. Everything bad a shabby, old world look com pared with Clieriton, which James Oalbrook bad improved out of all antique character. Here there had been no improvement for over a century; all things had been quiescent as in tbe Palace of the Sleeping Beauty. "What a dear old house it is, Godfrey, and how everything in it speaks to me of your an cestors — your own ancestors — not other people's! That makes all the difference, At Cheriton I feel always aa if I were surrounded by malevolent ghosts, I can't see them, bat I know they are there. Those poor Straogwaya, how they most bate me." "If there are any living Strangways knock ing about the world houseless, or at any rate landless, I dont eoppoae they feel over kindly disposed to you," said Godfrey; "but the ghosts bare dene with human habitations. It can matter very little to them who live in the rooms where they were once happy or miser able, as tbe case may be. Has yonr father ever heard anything of tbe old family t" "Never. He says there are no Strangways left on this hemisphere. There may be a remnant of tbe race in Australia, be says, for he heard of a cousin of Reginald Strangway's who went ont to Brisbane years ago to work with a cheep farmer on the Darling Downs. There is no one else of tbe old nee and the old case that he can tell me about. I take a morbid interest in the subject, you know. If I weir to meet a very evil-looking tramp in'the woods and he were to tnreaten me I should suspect him of being a Strangway. They all t.ivit hate us. "With a very unreasonable hatred, then, Nita, for it was no fault of your father's that the family went to the bad. I have heard my fatber talk of tbe Strangways many a time over his wine. They had been a reckless improvident race for ever so many generations, n-.en who lived only for the pleasure of tbe hour, whose motto was' Carpc ditm' in the wont sense of the word*. Tbeie was a Straog way who was the fashion for a short time during tbe regency, wore a hat of his own nvention, and got himself entangled with a popular actress, who sued him for breach of liromue. Be dipped the property. There was a racing Strangway who kept a stable at Newmarket, and married—well never mind how. He dipped the property. There waa Georgian* Strangway, an heiresa and a famous beauty in the Sailor King's reign. Two of the royal dukes wanted to matry her; but the ran away with a band master in tbe Bines. She u?ed to ride in Hyde Park at 9 o'clock every morning in a green cloth spencer trimmed with sable, at a time when very few women rode in London. Saw the bacdmaeter, fell over head aod ears in love with him, and bolted. They were married at Gretna. He spent as much of her fortune as be could get at, and was reported to have thrashed her before they parted. She set up a board ing hence at Oateod. gambled, drack cl eap brandy, and died at five and -forty. ' " Yvn?t a dreadful ahust ?*? would b; to n-<tt,'*aid Nita, with a shudder. "1-rom first to last Ibej b?v<> bp?n a h?d let," concluded Sir Godfrey, "and thf'Wlr <>• Puibeck was a prodigious gainer wh?o your father became master of Cberiton Ciiase and Baron Chrritcn of Cberiton." " Tlict is what they must feel wont of ail,' raid Nita, cheeking O I the dead and the liricg as if they were oce group of b*ct!h?d shade*. "It ztust be bard for tbem to think that* tliarger takes bta title from the land tbat was rcce theirr, from the boat* in which they were born. Poor ill behaved things, I can't help being eoiry for them." "My fanciful Nita. they do not deserve jour pity. Tbey made their own lives, love. They have only suffered the result of their own Karma.' " I only hope they will be better otf in their next incarnations, and that they wont get to that dreadfoi eighth world which lead* nowhere." Sbe made tbis light allusion to a creed which the and her lover had discussed teriocaty many a time in l!i?ir graver moods. Tbty bad read Mr. Sinnett'a books together, and had given themselves ap in somewise to the fascinating theories of esoteric Buddhism, and had been strode with the curious parallel between that semi fabulous reformer of the East and the Teacher and Redeemer in whom they both believed. They went abort the houte together. Nita admiring everything, as if she were seeing tbote old rooms tor tbe first tim?. The alteration* to be made were of the smallest. Nita would allow scarcely any change. " Whatever was nice enough for Lady Jane mtutbe more than good enough for me," she said decisively, when Godfrey proposed im provements which would lisve changed the character of bis mother's morning-room; a conservatory, a large bay window at the end, for instance. "But it is such a shabby hole compared with your room at Cheriton. "It is a dear old hole, sir, and I won't have it altered in tbe smallest detail. I adore those old, deep set windows and wide window-teat* ; and this apple blossom chintz is simply delicious. Faded, sir! What of that ? One cant buy such patterns nowadays, for love or money. And tbat old Chinese screen must have belonged to a mandarin of the highest rank. My only feeling will be that I am a wretch in appropriating dear Lady Jane's sur roundings. This room fitted her like a elove." "She is charmed to surrender it to you, love; and your forbearance in the matter of improve ment will delight her." " Yonr improvements would have been de struction. A conservatory opening out of that window would suggest a city man's drawing room at Tulse Hxfl. I have seen such in my childhood when mother csed to virit odd people on the Surrey side of the river." "Loveliest insolence!" "Oh, I am obliged to cultivate insolence. It is the parvenu> only defensive weapon. We new-made people always give ourselves more airs than you who were born in the purple." She roamed from room to room, expatiating upon everything with a childlike pleasure, de lighted at the idea of this her new kingdom, over which she was to reign with andivided sovereignty. Cheriton was ever so much grander, but at Cheriton the had only been the aatig hter of the honse, indulged in every fancy, jtt in etmewiue in a state of subjection. Here (he was to te sole mistress, with Godfrey for her obedient slave. "And now show me your rooms, sir," she exclaimed, with pretty authority. "I may with to make some improvements there," "You fehall work yonr will with them, dearest, as you have done with their matter." He ltd htr to his study and general den, a fixe old room looking into the stable-yard, cspsciciif, but gloomy. "Tht* its dreadful," she cried, "no view, and ever to far from me I You must have tbe room text tbe mornicg-roomso that we can run in to ttcb other end talk at any moment." 'That is oce of the beet bedrooms." "What of that! We can do without super floue btdiocai?, but I cannot do without you. 1 hie rocm of yours will make a visitor's bed rccm. If te or she doesn't like it he or she cen po away and leave us to ourselves, which mi ball like ever so much better, shan't we?" tbe atktd caressingly, as if life were going to be cue long honeymoon. Of course he assented, kiseedthe red frank lips, and assured her that for him bliss meant a perpetual duet. Yes, his study should be next her boudoir; so tbat even in bis busiest he urs he should be able to turn to her for glad neec—refreshing himself with her smiles after a troublesome interview with his bailiff—taking counsel with her about every change in his stable, sharing her interest in every new book. "I will give oiden about tbe change at once," he said, *'bo that everything may be ready for us when you are tired of Cheriton." They lunched gaily in tbe garden. Nita bated eatwer indoors when tbe weather wm good eooogfa for aa aljrtteo meal. They lunched under a Spanish chestnut, that made a tent of foliage on the lawn in front of the terrace. They lingered over tbe meal, full of talk, finding a new world of conversation suggested by their surroundings; and then the pjt-js were brought round to the hall door, and tte-y eUitCwon tbe return joaroey." (TcU contiwutUJ | 