The Great Plague in London It was calculated that forty thousand work people and servants were left destitute by the flight of their employers from the plague, and subscriptions were made to prevent them from starving, for they were not allowed to leave the city. The King gave one thousand pounds a week, the City six hundred pounds, the Queen Dowager, the Archbishop of Canter- bury, and many noblemen contributed libe- rally. But the aspect of the place was ter- rible. The dead- carts were going to and fro continually to collect the bodies put out into the streets, announced by the tinkling of a bell, and at night by the glare of links. The corpses were cast into pits, and covered up as fast as possible. The most populous and lately busy streets were grass-grown; the people who walked through them kept along the middle, except they were meeting others, and then they got as far from each other as possible. Amid all this horror, the sight of ghastly death, and the ravings of delirium, whilst some brave souls devoted themselves to the assistance of the suffering and dying crowds of others rushed to taverns, theatres and places of debauch, and a strange maniacal mirth startled the silence of the night, and added horror to the work of death. The weekly numbers who perished rose from one thousand to eight thousand. The wildest rumours of apparitions and strange omens were afloat. The ghosts of the dead were said to be seen walking round the pits where their bodies lay; a flaming sword was said to stretch across the heavens from Westminister to above the Tower, and men, raised by the awful excitement of the scene into an abnormal state, went about, as was done at the de- struction of Jerusalem, announcing the judg- ments of God. One man cried as he passed, 'Yet forty days, and London shall be des- troyed!' Another stalked nakedly along, bearing on his head a chafing-dish of burn- ing coal, and declaring that the Almighty would purge them with fire. Another came suddenly from side streets and alleys in the darkness of the night, or in open day, utter- ing in a deep and fearful tone, the unvary- ing exclamation, 'Oh, the great and dread- ful God!' The confounded people declared that it was a judgment of God on the nation for its sins, and especially the sins of the King and Court, and the dreadful persecution of the religious by the Government and clergy. —From Cassell's Illustrated History of England. 