Ghosts. EY ONE OF THEM. IN these times of continual bickerings and conten- tions between nations and individual', it is quite a relief to turn one's attention to the supernatural. I have therefore entitled this Paper as being a " Chapter on Ghosts," and believe your readers will be as mnch edified and amused by the relation of the following yarns as I myself was by the telling, and, as I will give both names and places truth- fully, I may assart that it is all " strictly tiue." Some years ago a man named Sheppard, nnd his wife, kept the Cemetery Lodge at Salisbury, his business being to dig graves and attend the ceme- tery generally, keeping a watchful eye on the flower beds, of which the cemetery was full. He had a boy of thc name of Staple*, whom he em- ployed to assist him with the gardeniug, and occa- sionally he was sent to hang up the surplices in the outhouse, and even utilising the chapel which stood in the middle of the Protestant division of the burial ground, for the purpose of drying clothes. One night the Sexton's wife had been washing late, and sent the boy Staples with a great basket of clothes and the key of the chapel, telling him to put the clothes about to dry on the chairs. Just as he started up the churchyard a clock struck eleven from the St. Edmund's Church, and being a still night, sounded as he afterwards said, " something orf ul for sound, I tell 'te." The white tomb stones seemed endowed with life, and the wind moving the cypress trees so that the tombstones were occa- sionally shaded, and anon shining in the moonlight made a regular procession to his fancy. He had never had to go so late to the chapel with hi*B clothes basket b fore ; so, on reaching and unlock- ing the door, he peered nervously in, bat as he saw nothing he boldly picked up the basket, lifted it on his head, and marched into the chapel and deposited it in the aisle. Taking out his handkerchief to wipe his face, while he fumbled with one hand for the matchee, he chanced to look upward, and lo 1 right in the front of one of the windows was a figure in white apparently beckoning to him. With a yell he darted out of the door and down the churchyard, and burst into the Sexton's lodge with a Mr. Sheppard-there's-a-ghost-I-say-Mr. Sheppard, he's up in the chapel, and he ran after me all down thc churchyard." " What ?"' said Sheppard, " a ghost, did you say. Why, look, the boy is as white as a sheet ; drink this brandy and water, and we'll coon see about it. I've been over 25 years in this lodge, man and boy, and I've never s^en anything worse than myself yet" Thinking somebody must be hiding in the church, he took a stout stick and went off np the path to the chapel. The boy, having his courage fortified by a stiff glass of " reviver," boldly pushed open the door and marched in, and " Here he is, Mr. Sheppard, run, he's up at the window yet." " Where, where, where Z" says Sheppard, darting in and up the ajsle ; " let me get hold of 'un, and -(here he fell with a crash over the basket of clothes). Out runs Staples again, and down to the lodge. " Come on, Mrs. Sheppard, run for your life ; master's been and seen a ghost and fell down in a fit." Off goes the old hdy as fast as her trembling limbs would carry her, lighting a lantern as she went, and arriving at the chapel door called ont "Sheppard." 'Yes," groaned Sheppard, who was sitting on the ground rubbing his shins, which had got the "bark" off a bit. " You ain't dead then," said the old lady with a joyful voice." " Dead be-, of course I ain't. That cussed Staples left the basket down here, and I Ml over 'un. And its only one of old S-s surplices bung up there to dry." Staples in cour.-e of time grew to be fearless of ghosts of any sort, and often used to lean against the wall of the churchyard of St. Edmunds' church (which, by the way, was just the opposite in good looks to the cemetery, as it hod no flowers at all, having been closed for burials in consequence of the growing of the city, which was encircling it, and thereby making it unsafe for farther deposits of corpses), and wonder if the wicked soldier who was buried at the eastern end of the churchyard ever had the money buried with him, which report and tradition said he had. I mys.lt personally have heard it affirmed at Sunday school-when we had to pass the grave two by two-that the wicked Soldier and Mrs. Leadbeater were often seen stroll- ing about the churchyard at night. I, however, now, in my older years, am inclined to think it must have been-if at all-a wicked soldier of modern years, and a corresponding Mrs. Leadbeater, who were promenading down the lime tree avenues which surround the old church " oft in the stilly night." Bnt it is by the way. One night be (Staples) and a friend of his were passing (after closing hours at the public house) down the lane along by the low chmchyard wall, full of valour (and strong beer) and the topic tnrned on the inhabitants of the churchyard. They began in a maudlin way to moralise on the shortness of life and the numerous viccissitudes encountered therein, when, " hist," look here in the corner below the ivy-GHOSTS. " Get out," said Staples, in a low voice, " it ain't ghosts I'll swear." Creeping along the wall they looked as steadily as a couple of drunken braves could look, but their double and treble magnifying sight could not make ont the object. "Its body-snatchers, by -," said Staples. "That's ten pun (£10) between us: if we catoh 'em, fi' puu apiece. Come on." Vaulting over the wall and keeping in the shadow of the trees, they slowly, but surely, crept on to the object in view. When near enough for a spring, they gathered their energies together, and darted right on top of the '. body snatchers," which being aroused and frightened, lifted np their voices and cried, " Baa, baa." Whoop, and away like lightning went the valiant ones over the wall, down the lane, and never one of them stopped till the door of their homes closed on them. It was a dozen or so of sheep that had been put in as cheap labour to eat the grass down a bit. Ghosts indeed 1 