mt BOOKS. ???. k. r " TUÂT FBHHOHUA.IT," by A. C. Ganter, .London, Qeo. Bantledge & Sons. Fremantle, B. inyeraeonghT: ' Tn these days, whetf fictioa, i with»BeribnB.pnrp08e abonnas, when novels ; srothè rehiole>by which topics as ponderous > aetheology and metaphysics are conveyed to ¡ "the thronging orowd of general reádersi it is 'alxeUef to occasionally come across a .writer whp bolas no such ambitions > pretensions ; t ; who desires simply lo tell etstory and tell' it i well; who shuns minute analysis, and looks rather for success on an unceasing succession of events, and a plot which draws the reader deeper attd deeper int» ita meshes, and makes his worldifor the tuuB ,4>aing tho book bn which his eager eyes are fixed. For those perhaps- slightly /jaded novel readers who want a story of this sort we can confidently' recommend " That Frenchman;" It is no mere figure of speeoh to say that anyone who knishes T the first chapter will need con- siderable. strength of ,nünd to tear h|m eelf uAway .befpre^ jihs^.^eaAbes:.! the last. The story is of the glorified detective type, the hero, " That Frenchman " being one of .those Admirable Crich|ön'8 .of the detective Wron tb/ Whom'evéry aooomplishnrri i: mu naturally, and for whom the word impossible can scarcely bb said to exist. His pe-? appearance is 'remarkable. To quo u authors' WOrds, he is " A'brawny Hercules, i ¿conoealed in the graceful outlines and quick- j moving limbs ;of a Meronry, or he is perhaps better described as a physical combination of the%wo.*' HÍB eyes ¿retk beaming and blue " ind he ' has '" au Anglo-Saxon forehead; the face of a philosopher, and the jaw of a WBjrfbT." This- is of course fictive lioense, (aaa as necessary" iii «Order Ab throw ¿a; air of possibility over the feats whioh our hero performs.' K The .plot though simple in con- ception, is worked out with great skill in the details. -' Books I and II are ooonpied with the nnravelment and defeat of a conspiracy t fot't&Q; assassination of the French Prince iîm^briai, vin whioh'T-"ampler Boope is given -'ferié display, of the highest detèctive genius. In the ^kird boakibe scene, is changed'to Sussuv * during the Nihilist reign ? of. terror : Which prebeded the assassination of the late ;Empe»r,*>«nd here' ' " that Frenchman V: en taunter* tremendous pprils. in rescuing his 4ady-love from the dangers, in which, she has been'placed by the machinations of her guar âiaUjmd a hated suitor, each Pf whom covets the ^vasfcpeBSBSBtonB whioh she has inherited rbm ber*father. Forthose who want a book thàt will interest them, and are not particu- lar" about ihstruotion "That Ftenohman'' may be unhesitatingly recommended; il is readable from beginning to end. " EODBEET UNDEE ABMS " by Bolf Boldre. wood, London, Macmillan & Coi This story, one of the deservedly popular Colonial Li tbsary sories, is an exciting and well-drawn two of bush life in Australia not seen under its bjst aspects for tho supposititious writer ia Diok Marston, who, with his brother Jim, his father, a decayed gentleman known only by the sobriquet of Starlight, Warrgal a hall« caste, and several minor characters, oom» posed a noted band of bushrangers who have eluded the vigilance of the poüee for years. The fate of these rebels against < society is, however, tho same as that of al. their tribe, and at last they art captured, o at least all that remains of the band, the greater part having been killed in a desperate struggle with the police.. Dick Marston writes tho hist >ry ot his lifo ia the pru on celL where he is awaiting his final doom, fir he has been sentenced to bo hanged, his crime being robbery with violence. The book is one continual regret for what might v haxe been, and throughout jits ^hero's,narra» tive we are continually romindod that i , " By th3 dark shape of what. be is, serene Stands the bright ghost of what he nugLt hara been. ' , There the vast loss,and there tho.worthless gai«.-_._ _ Vice seemed yet woo'd, and virtuo loved in vain." Neither i he. nor his brothör Jever cared fer the wild life they led, but their father, a villainously-determined old man, who had bees tránsported.for stealing a : hare, led his. boya into their first offence by causing them to brand some istolen- cattle. : Afterwards the road to vice and to the ruin beyond was easy enough. They, knew if ? they were caught they would be imprisoned, and having a natiral'.horror of. restraint, they hid them- selves ii « valley known as. "Tremble Hollow,"- to which the road of . acoess pjas known only to Starlight and his gang.. . Tb¿is is theonly improbable part of the tale, that this hollow, several mileB in extent, with beautiful grass and water, and where £hpp> 'sandsof stolen cattle and horses wero,jkept. sfaonld never have beon found by the police. -But iso far as . the etjry itself, is con- cerned, it adds greatly to its interest that the gang"- should have this safe retreat when puraued by. their, natural pnetnies, the polioe. None of the prinoipal characters» except perhaps Dad " as the writer «alla Ins father, were really bad mm; they, wer« gentlemanly ..brigands, and mark«d with that magnanimity and generosity which, tradition bas assigned to .Bobin Hood and .hie merrie assn beneath tho shades, of Sherwood Forest. Three of Starlight's satellites, Moran,' Daly, and Burke were however, hardened romans and ho work >' was. Itob : «wîofced and cruel for them, and several times Starlight Dick and Jim Marston *re forced to save travellers from the more cruel members of the gang. Hainbow, Starlights steed, is a noble animal, faith Cal, beautiful and intelligent, a thorough« bread. U..» i -*ir'ginally a race,. One of the , most exciting - and withal amusing softies is when he runs in the Turon Handicap, bnd his master, wit» .85000 «eward on his bead, dines With the r Commissioner of Police, who would- have ¿given ? anything' in the world "to have ckaght the- bushranger, rout who is charmed with him as he sits disguised as a gentleman et his table.' The book ia written in an original and thrillingly interest* ing manner, ani being from the. pw of'an Australian author-we are spared those ludi- crous mistakes which <EngliBh writers so< fre- quently fall into when describing things An* tipode.n. 