THE EVENING MEETING. I Address iiy tub Chaikma« por the Year. In the evening a large public meeting was held in the Pitt-street Church. Amongst thoso present wero the Rev. Dr. Bovan, the Rev. Dr. Jefferis, tho Rev. R. Dey, and the minister« and delegates. The Rov. T. E. Owens Mell briefly introduced the Rev. J. G. Fraser, M.A., the chairman far the current year, who gave his inaugural addross. The CiiAtRUAvsaid : When last October you did me the honour of electing me to the position which 1 have now to occupy, 1 was not even aware that 1 had been nominated as chairman. Happening to bo absent at the' afternoon sitting, at which the election took place, it was not till the eve-iiug that I knew what had been done, and I could at first hardly understand what was meant by thoso who offered me friendly congratulation upon my election to offico. Reluctant as I was to undertake the responsibility i'mpo-od upon me, the distinct and overwhelming expression of opinion constrained me to accept it. Au offico such as that of tho chairman of our union ought not to go begging. The work in which 1 have long been enimgnd is, it is true, quite enough to occupy the timo and energies of one mun, and I havo not sought opportunities of publicity. In a community like our own where the art or practice of public speaking is so widolv diffused, it is generally not difficult to find men to fill positions which bring them before tho public, and to fill them creditably and satisfactorily. The work of training students for the ministry is naturally not ono which comes much under the public eye; but the more I see of the progress of events in our churches in the community the more I am impressed with its im portauco. 1 think I am right in saying that when I came here first every minister of »ur denomination and nearly all the office-bearers ia our church«« were by birth non-Australian. A great change has been taking place, «low at firot, but with gradually accelerating rapidity. A few years more and what was the excep- tion will be the rule. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact. Wo dare not bo reckless about the futuro. We cannot say-after us the deluge. We have had and aro thankful that we still have among us those who have come from far, but who ure as thoroughly Australian I in their feeling as any bora hore. There are men like my esteemed friend Dr. Bevan, who has proved that his wide und generous sympathies and ripe powers can make for himself u homo and an influence in any land. If they have hada Dr. Bovan in Moi bounie, we have had a Dr. Jefferis in öydney. We have men like two, whom I am proud to name as suc- cessors in pastorales which I havo held, who have shown alroadv that they can exercise m a new laud the powers they used so effectively in the old country. I f I do nut mention others it ia because I must proceed by way ol illustration und not of enumeration. We have had also a nob e band ot young men in our ministry und in our churches who huve mediated betwoon the old und the new, and interpreted, as it were, the old to the young and the young to the old. They have dono much and prevented muoh. God forbid that we, who yield to none in love to the old land and in true loyalty, should eyer look upon what comos j from the fatherland as foroign ; but we cannot, and must not if wo could, only look abroad tor our ministers any more that for our statesmen and our judges. A tree which transplanted to a now land cannot seed shows itself, however beautiful its own growth may bo, only an exotic. If the religious communities of' this land cannot raise a ministry of their own, they must look for deolcnsion and decay. Happily our werk has passed beyond tho merely experimental stage, as long ago it did in America. What would have been the state of things there if it had not?- Our work has been pursued under many difficulties. Our principles have forbiddt-n us to accept State aid to provide for the theological education of a Christian ministry/. _ No un- believer in this land can say, so far as our ministers are concerned, that the means of equipping thom for their work were partly wrong from those who disbelieve ia Christianity. Wo have been straitened in moans. Those who sought to be ministers »omotinws round how true it is that a prophet is not always honoured in hil own country and among his own kindred. There was a certain natural inquiry, "Can any good thin? come out of Nazareth?" We have been able to ?ay, " Come and see." And some as well qualified aa any have come and seen, and we bave their tostimony; and, judging from that, we know that if any young man flushed with academio hono'urs at home should come here believing- that he has to teach our Australian ministers to reason and to express their thoughts, he might be in some danger of finding himself like a youthful aspirant lo athletic honours who should come i to teach a Beach or a Searle to row or a Turnor to bowl, i He would find nome at least in whom the true end of academiu discipline has been attained, and who have outgrown the need of cardonal or local assist- ; ance, and who are able to apureciate without arrogance and without mental subsirviency the teaching of those who have been and are, though not perhaps in co.leges «ad universities, the great in- structors of the human race. He would find mon who haxe undergono the great mental conversion that makes all lifn a »tudv, and a montai disciplino Other« too, I might bo found who throw into thoir necossorilx limited spheres of activity, an amount of onorgy th it might surpiiso tiloso who do not know the dillieultios and trials »f gomo of our Au»trilian pastorates I have another reason for sneaking earnestly no this BUbjoot. lor many years past 1 haxo gi\on niv oxomngs to the help (gratuitous of cour-e) of )oim< mon vvhodcsiro n»sistance in study, whether with nxiow to the Christian ministry or not 1 rom these ongago monts 1 hate suffered no tnduccmcut of personal ci nvonienco or pit asuro to withdraw mo In iho churches in which I «as minister 1 was also happy in being lar.clv favoured with tho confidence of tho )oung Trom »hat I have thus soon of tho )Oiroe; among us, and haxo loarnod through thom, my convic- tion» on this subject have grown m strctigth Mu h arrant nonsense is talked about our Australian 5 out It. Superficial observer« aro alwi) s in danger of mistaking what is most prominent and obtrusive for what ia typical Who in Atistnlia has not felt indignant when ho has hi ard of acts attribut! d at homo to ' representativo Aus- tralians" xxho, whatever thuv might represent, did not represent australian intoll genoe or Australian self rcvpoct? lho txoicitl Emrliihtiian is not the man who fumes nud swaggers und curses on a oontinental rail« ax platform Americans, as for instance Wait Whitman, havo made a just and earnest protest to s similar effet t on behalf of their own nation. Cases uro set down as typical m assemblies, legislativo and religious, when thoy really excite notice not because thoy are ti picsl but bocauno thny aro ex- ceptional and I stron '1) object to holding up us t) pical ox imples of Australian xouth thoso who aro most obtruHtxn and neIf- as9ortixn and whose xolcos aro hoard 1 udost in our streets I hero tnu\ bo a fallacy lnxolvod in (.coking fur one uniform typo, but at all events such cases, uro prominent, not because the) aro t) pic ii, but beoanso thov ure exceptional Lot this, howoxer, hu as it max, 1 can seo moro easily than I can describe a thaugo that is takinir place, and that, toa, at nn increasing rato Wo must fiica this fact I cannot and will not beliovo that those, who have profited so much by tho wiso torosight and generous llboralitx of our lurofathors will bn content to say that as long ns thov have a ministry which >-utU thom and lasts thnir tuno they caro for nothing clso 1 speak us ouo. who knons the generation thit is passing awa\, of whom some remain to this prosent but some oro fallon a leep wuose work 1 honour uni admire, und as one who knows something of tho generation that is coming I hope and trust that thora will bu no rudo break, and am cjad 01 all that has been dona to unito the two clements in harmonious co-operation. But wo must look f r«ard to the future, and not roi) sololy upon extraneous help to prowdu a ministry for ourselves and tor those who como after 11s Lo ist of all must wo commit tho fatal follx of sondtng 11 wax from ucttia sympathy with our church und social life thoso who "ave cmbrac d tho work whick e» Is for tbo keenest and most subllo avmpathy with the life of this voung people to bo tr unnd nbrosd and t > bo, if I mux use such a word, dts Austraiianiflod during the most unpro smnabto j eura of their life I speak with the moro freedom becauso of mv own birth and position I trust that for years to como wo m i) havo among us those who represent wh-it is best in ro igtous life in other 1 inds, but In tim main, xihilo we may hope to receive help and valued li-lp, from England ¡scotland, Irel md, Amend our chief roltanco tit this respect, at no very diatunt day, must bo in an Australian ministry for \ustralian Churchos This feeling I know is sh trod bx manv of my brethren -may I specially montion the veum-atoi ñamo of Thomas Johnson?-who, like mxsolf, huvocome from the old land and who love both the old and tbenew. If it wero not that 1 feel sodoeply the momentous importance of this subject to our churchos, I w u d not spoak so plainly. It ia because I behexe in the necussit) and xaluo of this work tint I givu my énergies to it, und it is becauso your catling mo from the comparative seclusion of the duties in »Inch I »ni daily ougagod 10 this honour ibla p »gillon indu utos a roui interest in tho work it«clf that 1 am the less roluctant to accept tho honour von havo conferred I must p isa on, hownvor, to mv subject I purpose to speak of .1 few of tho aspects of that groat controversy ot thought which in our own day has rosebud such a decree of mten-.it) 1 ur away ns wo aro from thu great centres of hierin and religious thought ind activity, thoir controversies reach aud affect us hire very quickl), just as the bealing of tho heart is repeated in the pulses in tho extroniitio« of the body, or as the great tide of tho ocean, tho slow throb of its groat heart, shows itself far up a tidal river In our day thought circulates with wonderful rapidity Individual minds may be slow to receive and transmit it, but, juBt us fluids may be bad conductors ot beat, and yet Lavo heat rapidly diffused through thom by convection, so in the bulling cauldron of modern thought tho currents pass quickly, and tho very bubbling ut the surface shows that the heat has uiade its way through everv pari, ihore are, it is true, sotiio exceptions For example, how little vvo hear of tho surrender by its own author of the very phrase " survival ol tho fittest " as uuphi'osophical und f tlliicioua Wo cannot, howevor, expect peopto to give up at once expressions which stand stand as convoment substitutes for thought, and this expression has been to so no minds for manv years intellectual mott and drink and clothing. lull discussion and elaborate argument within the limits ot au address like tho present are, of course, impossible Wo can only glauco at some of the chief characteristics of tho great contest as it stauds in our day In the address w hich I delivered about 20 years ago when } ou first elected mo chairman < f this union, 1 ventured to say that the firms of attack upon tho Christian faith which had boon most common-the attack upon a supernatural revolution as such, und upon miracle-wero in reality bui-ed upon false issues, and that all such controversies were rapidly narrowing to one great question-U there a God i ihe progress towards the point thus indicated has been so rapid that it has confused and bewildered the minda of those wh 1 did not seo that it was a logical necessity At one time this question was studiously kept in tho background in Bomo assaults upon tbo Christina faith, and there are still m my who nrft quito willing to join m the current attacks upon Christianity who are unwilling to acknowledge that this is the quemón of quostions, or who oreunaole to seo tho postulate on which their doubts and denials are tounied Con s"iously or unconsciously, however, tne supreme denial is present m nil iho common and popular forms of ossa ilt on Christian truth, aud it is pcrnaps pros-nt in its most dangerous form when unfolt and acknowledged. Logically there is no po ition bo untenable, morally there is no position so perilous, as that of tho man who is constantly assuming in his thoughts that God does not exist, and yet shrinks from the acknowledgment of his own implied denial If this assumption is the basis of his th mght, and if he is unconscious ot it, he must be living in fataity and «elf-deccit. I do not sa) that these are wiltul nnd de iberato, but they aro ¡nov Kable H neither taces the question, If tuero be no God what toen ? nor the other, If thero be a God, wlut then i The blaokost night and the brightest day do not make us much difference te the face of nature as the denial or acknowledgment of the Divine existence to a man's mental world 1 f that awful denial be in the background of the thouçh s of any man, how can it be w ondorod at if he walks in darkness and knows n t ut what he »tumbles? Let no one imagine that I am Bpeikine with any want of eytnpath) for thoso who are walking ia the darkitoss and hndiug no light. God knows that I hav,o and have reason to have, the decpost svmpathy for them Wo have no right to j udgo them personally I dofy aux ouo to sa) th-u during the hvc and-twenty years that I hive attempted to preach the (lospel ot God I havo ever spoken a harsh or unfeeling word about the honest doubtor If tt could be proved that I Imvo (though I am not conscious of it) I would humble iii) self bocaUBO of it bsfore God and man " What have I to do to judge those that aro without i" may bo a text forgotten bv eome but I trust that it is not forgotten by all who uphold the Christian faith. vVo have, however, a right, and it is our dutv to point out what wo regard ns logical inconsistency and moral danger As it seems to me if the Divine existence the existence of a Supremo Ruler and rather-is acknowledged, at least three-fourths of the popular objections to Chris- tianity tall to the «round at once, and the life is gone out of the rest If that existence is domed, then tho ornfession of weighing historical and moral evidence is little better than moro grimace It is on this great question that the real battle nas to be fought It ia to tin« point that all petty and minor contests converge ' Ou one side or another outposts muy be driven in, and skirmishers may wago their warfare, not without skill and courage on either side and with varying success , but this ib tho key of the position. It is the real battle- field of the soul and of humanity. For 1* is a battle- field The great issne is not merely a riddle or a puz/.lo to be conned or to be played with, nor is it to be settled by tho clashing play of logical foils, in quick thrust and dexterous parrv, but it is a strife in deadly oerno-it in a grapple for life or death it is perfectly true that soma attempt has been made to take in this great contest a position of dignified and impartial neutrality. The course of events, however, will show that this position is the most untenable of all. It is the position of attempted neutrality between two fires. Man's moral world contains no corner m whioh a de- serter from the fight oan aiilely ßktilk, nur any calm height from which one who desires neither to be tor Gea nor against Him can look down on the condict raging below as a nereuo and unmoved spectitor All the intellectual conti cts of men mustas they bocomo more intenso gather together round the greatest controversy of all Now, the tatt that the contest is thus convorg in_ is to me (dear from many indications As mon o 1 ten havo what, for want of a better name or want of moro accurato knowledge, we call instinctive feelings, which outiun their reisoning powers, so multitudes now when the) allow their minds to dwoll ou ihe great problems of the universe 1 eel that this great question of the Divine existence is that to which ail others aro subordinuto It is this idea that haunts them in all their more serious thought It is this question which m tv be heard even in tho midst of their laughter It makes itself heard in the midst of «coff and blasphemy. " I laugh that I m tv not weop," «ere tho words of ono who, perhaps, scarcely knew that ho was commenting on ihe old text, " Even in laughter tho heart is sorrowful " lho very haste and restless bustle of human life and its eagerness of pursuit after ploasuro shall be intens. .«it exciting enough, aro proofs ot it. 'ihe song ¿m.»^! sung fast enough, or, Uko a comic song inn» .bli it will turn into the mo"tlitg"br.o,., "nd funer«?__? Wo hear much of tho cugornoss of tho ,2.! !B. ? knovvhdgo, but after all tho\o,i,,,,on sense of u_ porcoivoi ,pcrl.aps more cleirlj than ih " T who aro absorbed in tho immediate object of | hoir investigations) (hat the kmm.odge of m,B" in their procosscs and rcults is, so taras aman1, nataS asa thinker is comeraed, onlv subsidiory to the km,, ledge of tluntrs in thor origin lhings miunnlV man as mun the thinker, aro chiellj valuable», - manifestation of Hie imm Henal, tho seen of the uns« tho changoablo of the permanent, tho temporal of th" ot.rniil. iho great quesiinn must »U»vs ho nnrk" one thing is evolved out oi another, but tow ¿netC wa. invelvcd in another Granted that the sesrch £ difiicult-granted that in somo respocts it balli . w man must still reach out townrds it if he is tobsmS,' the thinker, and not merely mun the animal nftS with intelligent» enough to próvido for k1, own sustenance and ploanure. " He hsth It eternity in their hoarls» If man ".» morely tho clevoroat and most practical Í! beasts ho might bo satisfied with the knowledge of material things and loavo the unseen and ei?m, sov ero v alono But it is not - so his own nature tell, him-by bread enlv that man eau live \Ucnh. nwakos to th mght ho must strive to look thrnuih tt. s en to the un een When he looks at the marvellous sum of processes and results which we call Nature Í, must ask not only what thoj are, but wheme th» cuino. U hen wo look at a procession, it is not enouih that wo can dosenbo its route or enumerate it« different parts or count its steps. Wo wish to know not oil* what it is, but whence and why. The fact that there ¡a u great and marvellous procession of untura and of life does not explain itself. All houour to those who roport with laborious and conscientious care it, successive parts and ita progress as it na,», before man's thoughts on its solemn and awfulwsv But still we ask wheuce it comes, why it is there and what it means, and unless wo desire to have 'light thrown on its motive and meaning, we can onlv st» upon it with unroisoning wonder, and if we are situ, find so to look, and not ask to know moro, wo «hall be «ctiug hko children, gazing and laughing and crowing as a pageant passes by, though with this difference that tho wonder of childhood ib that of simplicity anti ours will bo that of self-complacent stupidity Mort or less distinctly mea aro recognising the truth that one great question risos out of all 01 her question, sad towers above theiu all. Books that treat of the appear uncos, shapss, and motions of things, and or lhere only have a solect circle of readers, but it is tho«« that touch the borderland of tho unseen that appeal most strongly to human ínteres t It m«y seem ibu« to some to be fold that m ist of those who are mod fre quontly quoted as leadors of science, and who» opinions, gathered from their own wntinga or obtained soi ond-hand, are most oagerly sought for, owe bv far the greater part of their popular fame to the bearing which tlioir opinions havo or are supposed to have on the fundamental questions of theoloery. let tim ii the simple truth Some of thom deserve lo tis accounted great as original lnvertntators and du covcrors, some would deserve recognition from their power of logical arrangement and of scientific or even philosophic thought, though their n»mes ara not asHociatod with any fr sh discovery or enlargement of the field of human kuowledgo, somo in the scientiSo world itself ore reckoned as moro outsiders but if their names aro much in the mouths of the people, or sr, frequently used in the current literature of the day, it u because of the beanng of their thoughts upon subjects vthioh transcend the material word end belong to the unseen It is as mon who deal with the problem, of theology, though it bo m a nogative way that they have obtamod their widespread popularity and influenc» lake this olomtnt out of their writing,, and t small number would still buy them, and a (mailer number still read thom, but the general feeling of interest would be gone It require, no very profound knowledge of literature to see flint this would bo tho case Anv editor of a magazine any publisher, anv intelligent bookseller knows that it would bo so Tho question, " Is Saul also amone Ina priphowj"' could be put in a somewhat cunnii modern form lntollectualh, man is still feeling after God if haply ho iimj find him He instinctively per- ceives that if all other questions are answered and the great question remains unanswered, he is in dirkneu still fins affect* men m different wavs Borne may be in danger of despising truth altogether, or of looking upou the search after it as but a diversion from tho misery which would madden them It is told of a prisoner coutiued in a dark dungeon that ho saved himself from goioz mad, bv scattering a few pinsabouthis prison floor and i ccupying himielt by groping after th m lo some minds search after truth while the great truth reniarai ins rutablo »oems but 'ittlo better than an occupation which beguiles awuv the misery of man in his menti! prison- house Ho cannot break through the wall, which bound his search Hu cannot pierce to the power which lies beyond the succession of change, in naturo and tho order in which they may be grouped It is vam 'o tell him to be contont with tho knowledge of these and to seek no farther. To consent to this would be to acquiesça m his o»a degra- dation. He must at least long for his liberty It is botter to stgli for freedom than to wave a (tras; and call it a scoptre, or to sit on the floor of bl, dun. goon and call it a throne. Better be a di'conten* 4 nud miserable mau than a contented and happv m .. If I am not mistaken, something like this tone maybe heard in the utt ranees of thoso poets especially who can gtvo an articukto voice to tho confused wailing, or to the sullen silence of thoir follows. Other« try to cheer thomseivos and others with a moro hopeful eting, but it is as a song sung in a strange land Its elad noss and its hooo como from the past not from the pic sent, from a land that is far off and not from wieta tboy dwell, and the song dies away before s true cadence is reached, and the kev in which it end, is not that m whioh it bogm It soeras to com, to an If only, and there it dies away. Its coursabu been like that of a stream which has begun in springs among the breezy green hills, and then, like some rivers of which we reid, loses itsolf m a «andy waste or dismal marsh without reaching the ^n And there ora vototh rs whoso song be omas an imprecation who» raga bursts lortb into bUspliemv and scorn, or into wild half-maniac laughter If this bo all, they «ay, that man can know man s life is but a lowry and » mockery. He lives and dies and his questioning, ara st ipped with a clod If tho time is to come «hen this earth shall float in space, a huge cemetery, where all man's thought* and lougtngsand hopes and tears ore to ne buried with bim, or when it is to dash into the aun, round which it has travelled omtslongand we irvjourney, and kin ile a frenh biaT m its fudiugfires-woatnutter « hothor the ond be by bunal or cremation- the sooner it is all over the batter L.U us eat and drink, or, u our sorrow bo too bitter for this, lot us curse God sid die. But whether the voice bo that of lonping or despair, tho thought of God is haunting it still " man's thought in hope takes to it*olf tho wings of the morning, the thought of God ia with it If it seek, to grovel on the eui th, the thought ot God mskes it loot upward If it seeks to hide itself in darkness, a atranca light hovers amidst the gloom If it makes its bed u hell, amidst its rage the thought of w» follows it Whither can it go fr»ai hi» presence i1 In its voiy denial it ailinn», « pays unintended homaro in its von bla.phemy. \\\hile evorythmg seems to mdicitu that human thought is converging towards a certain centre, where all thu scattered rajB tond to gather tlicunolves tojretter with one burning focal point, it must not be taken tor granted thit this intellectual activity is in all cajea in- dicative of real moral earn stness In tho case of some « e m ly trust th it it is so, but this ia most cerUinlj not true of ull There may bo intense uM lectual curiosity on grout subjects, without anv corresponding intensity of moral vm*>? The man who did not desire to know something ot toe origin of nature and of himsolf would be sank in . terrible depth of mental degradation But he may have this dosire, and jet bo, morally and spirituilly con- sidered, a callous and utterly unauakenid man ne mav be hardened and nnponitent in sin Hei may » anxious to learn, anxious to have his mental dirt»«» removed, anxious to tear aside the veil of mysterj io« hangs over his being, and yet be no true seeker «li« righteousness Hence his search may baffle itseJl i" maj be looking for truth m every direction but tMtra which only it is possible that spiritual truth can «ppw to him, as a man may look in vam, Normana ne» and South, for the rising sun One of the gre» fallacies with which mon deceive themselves ind own is that intellectual eagerness is identical with mow o irnostnoss One may be williug to devote dayl .«» nights to the investigation of the great; problem wjus own wav, ho mav be willing to give all he has toeoita thn mystery and attain to knowledge, ana vei;» searching may not find God, and as regards the p» question it may profit him nothing Even in mis w» ihero mav be no real spiritual earnestness, no reu seeking for God and goodness, but only an intense dosireto solvo a great mtjllectual riddle i«* cases there is lutlo readiness for any suolf «» denial in mental effort In some men, «-MPWjT very capacitj for auoh self-donial seems to ee *""'"« They would not give up one single pleasure ftfu» sake of having light thrown upon the most eeriou pioblems that can engago the mind of msn-""' sing e dance, not h sing e song, not a single snow,, » a Bingle day of selfish rest and enjoyment would in / surrender to meditate on tho greatest of ""vat, encourage others to do so In thom the oT «PJ^ - ism ib revived in its basest and most selfish torm » ; say in its very spirit and almost in us wras-j away the pleisures of taste, and of tho ^s»T"' ,» oye, and all sensual delights and what ¡.ood "TTÄ If thov could be onhghtencd without any trouo^ inconvenience tu themselves, well and K^C'""«v the hearing some now thing, and it would divers«».' monotony of pleasure-seeking with a new »B"*|wl But there must be no tioublo about «.*.__,. inquiry into auoh things as tho ob 'Ka,10".0,l"B_r(u| ness or the question of immortality mighwi P» . It might even disturb digestion, and wn»,c*n.ïïoi that V Are not health, freedom from pam, «ä'Ä, from trouble the gr.at ends of existence wW» ^ wise man unceasingtngly keeps in v"»¡" lQte fia hivvovor, tura from these and «thor «^jV noblor case. Lot ua suppose real intellectual Deftness1. Lot' there bo a real desire to know and a- ««dines« to' forego lower pleasures for Ihe sale of knowledgo, and a willingness to undergo toil mid'puin in tho search. Lot ll.eru bo this lutellcotual nobilily-the groatne.-s of which in its own sphere I would frankly acknowledge mid heartilv admiro. Mm there may bo something lucking. 1 hore moy be no eàrnost desiro after righteousness, no real hatred of sin. in all this eager d»siro to dissipato tho intellectual obscurity ; and a- man is only deceiving himself if he . thinks thar/'becnUFVhn longs to escape from mental darkness ho it neeo«arïW longing for a true spiritual lifo'and an escupe fmm tho bbndago of evil. God torbul tbut I should chuigu ull teio»o who arc nut ot my' w'av ' of ' thinking with moral indiiforenco. So utterly ia this opposed to any habits of thought, and, 1 ttrpstj Of expression also, that I feol it u degradation to have to disclaim anything of tho kind. I am simply pá'ntin* ont a fuôt and guarding nmilnst a f¿liney with which vomo, it is tobo feared, aro deceiving themselves. Men max- dckiio knowledge and x.ot nut be hungering and thirsting after rishkuu-ucss. Tlmy may desire tu look beyond tho veil of thing's ocen nud behold tho un- seen, and seek for light on the method» of Divino opera- tion and the problems of life _»1 death ami immor- tality,' and" yet it ma) be- tiuo of thom that they aro not seeking after' the1 kingdom of God and His riglileousnoss. Vvhilo, thcrcforo. wo li'iy rightly claim that tho increasing clearness of tbo gront ]h»ilo which is involv. d, i« a distinct iidvanco in the progroes' of human thought,' 1 do not wish to oxeggeiale the importanco of tho stop which has thus boon taken. Tho field of buttle has been to some extent clcnrcd, but in tho thoughts of men genorally. nnd in individual souls, the great contest botwien «in and righteousness remains to bo fought. ' And in this great contest with faith und'1 hope wo can pray "God speed the ria-ht. I have said that it is vain in this great controversy of human thought to seek a middle way, and I believe that tho practical sense of mankind, us well 'as the tendencies of theoretical speculation. Will recognise the fact-'Either there is a ,God, or there is not," is a dilemma from which there is no real escape. .Some may make a pretence of preserving a perfect, mental equilibrium, and so decline to commit themselves ,one way or another. Those, however, whose chief care is to preserve a dignified mental position in tho midst of the surrounding conflict are trying to hold a position which cannot long be tenable. They are in the posi- tion of trying to balance themselves upon a tight rope which is not strong ' enough to bear their weight, and which will soon break and let them down into tho depth over which they so carefully and skilfully attitudinise. The attempt to occupy such a place is no new thing, though the old thing may appear under a new name. Every age has to invent its own name for this attempt at neutrality, as an old name becomes discredited a new ona must be found. The fashionable name under which many are seeking to find an excuse is agnosticism. Now there is the " Don't know " agnostic, and the "Don't know and don't care" agnostic also. Agnosticism already 'shows signs of breakiug up into two camps. Thore are theso who care a great deal, though they profess not to know, and who cannot and will not turn away from the contem- plation of those great questions of which we have spoken,even it they can only view them with a sorrow- ful despair. Their real concern is shown by the very intensity and bitterness of their attacks upon those who differ from them and upon the Christian faith, made eveu while they proclaim once more (as it was fashion able to do 200 years ago) that Christianity is dead. Men do not, however, mako war with tho dead. It manifests also in the somewhat stoical spirit noticeable in some of tho noblest 'minds among them. Here, again, the light wing of poetry outstrips the slower march of philosophical thought. Man must be grand even in ruin and despair. He is disinherited, but not a born beggar ; ho is a dethroned king, not a contented slave. On the other hand, there are those who are seeking to find a philosophical basis for indifferentism. It is, as I have said, the old Epi- curean spirit over again. It is an attempt to build up a philosophy which can look down on all philosophy and calmly behold from tho peaceful shore those who ara tossing and striving on the stormy sea. Why disturb the mind? Why long for a liberty which cannot be found? Why fret against the prison wall? Why strive to break or wear away the fetters ? Is there not a certain noble merit in wondering at nothing and caring for nothing ? They need no new poet. Tho burden of their song would only be what has been sung long ago. All things are dust, all things laughter, all things but nought; for from things void of reason all things come. Let us flit about and be merry in the brief space of light between the darkness of the beginning and the darkness of tho end. Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die. It is not only in its tendency to break up into opposing factions that the instability of the popular or fashion- able system of opposition to Christianity is shown. There is an inherent Weakness in tho system in all its forms. It either denies too much or too little, and affoids no secure mental resting-place. Scepticism pure add simple, utter and complete, is from its very natura logically invulnerable. Reasoning can only proceed upon some propositions acknowledged as true, and the scepticism which will acknowledge nothing to be true is incapable of being reasoned with or confuted. One bat only to deny a few postulates and axioms, or, indeed, has only to deny the exittence or conceivability of a straight line, and ho may triumph over all the demon- strations of Euclid. Scepticism is safe so long as it denies., It is vain to attempt to slay it or wound it It is like fighting with tho air. Strike at it, and it yields unhurt. Thrust it through, and it heals the wound as soon as it is made. Try to grasp and crush it, and when you have drawn your arms close you find that you are but clasping your own breast, and it is before you still. ' Scepticism pure and simple is impregnable in its infinite power to deny. One has only to say " Prove it" long enough, and no reasoner can possibly confute him. It is in this that we see the strength and weakness of scepticism. Its ve*y weak- ness is its strength. If is in a certain way powerful in attack, and even useful. Hence every wise man uses its methods to some extent in testing his own work, though he knows that it has no constructive power, and no stability of its own. He tests his work by it, as the builder tests his work by a plumb line; but the builder does not' attempt to use his plummet as a chisel, or to saw his stones into shape with tho string. Agnosticism takes the weapons of scepticism for attack, and so has an appearance of strength. But one may borrow tho arms of an invulnerable warrior and not be himself invul- nerable. So long as it keeps itself to denials it is strong. When it goes beyond this ft is unstable and weak. So far as I can see, it must inevitably either be merged into a more comprehensive scepticism or perish utterly. As I have said, agnosticism-I use the word as It is commonly understood-from a loa- ical point of view believes either loo muoh or too little, «ni ii- on ground on which no sure foothold is possible. It is, pprhaps, somewhat early as' yet to expert to see this weakness fully apparent, but there are, I believe, indications of it already. It any system of human thought is to be more than a more negation, it must have some account to offer of the phenomena of moral life si well ia of those of the phenomena of material existence. It mu»t be anio to point to ,a real foundation for humnn affection" for tho existence of human law, for tho obligation of 'righteousness. If it cannot find a foundation fqr these, it can have no solid foundation for itself, and either thoy must fall or it must fall itself. Of course, I know the conYmon reply-wo shall bo told to read the books _pn these subjects wrifjton from a professedly non-religioUB point of view. To this I would anBwer : I know Looks written on thoso subjects ana written by able men, in which tho growth of moral sentiments is analysed with industrious care, but in which the great question which " is behind that of growth is avoided with persistent and marvellous skill the great question-What is the foundation of moral obligation i Now, tho growth of moral sentiments is an ln'iresting study ; but oven if we were to suppose every step in the process of- that growth to be known, the greater question as to the foundation of moral obligation remains. Supposing that we were abld to trace every stop in the physiological develop- ment of the eye, supposing that we could explain tho growth of the retina and trace ita analogies to all that « capable of being affected by light, and that we could explain the WHy in whtch tho sensation of light is transmitted within the organism, would all this be an explanation of the origin of light? The eye does not make the external light, nor does it make the laws of optics.' And as the eye does not make light, which it reoognisej, so moral sentiments do not make the moral law which thoy recognise. The nvo does not creute the Jun. A treatise on the growth of moral feelings » no more a solution of the problem of moral obligation than a treatise on the anatomy and physiology of the eye is an explanation of solar physics, ine question will force itself into prominence prac- ttcaily—Are we prepared to give up tho sanctities of homo,of conjugal faithfulness, of ^rental and filial auection, the sanctions of human law which cement the otaie¡ the obligations of personal duty, as things which have no foundation in reality, to give these up, in deference to a system which bids us look upon man as a disguised machine ? Righteousness cannot be regarded as a bye-product of Nature, or as an illusory film on the surface of material things, like the scum upon a pool, glancing prettily in the sunlight, out only the result of decomposition underneath ; or even more illusory still, for that has at least some substance, however thin. Either righteousness is at the very heart of things, or it has no real existence whatever, it ti rather early for this aspect of the caáe to appear in current controversy, bnt it must and will appear in uiiie. Itwill bo^seon that no mere blind powor of which ^ know nothing except that, mighty us it is, it ia inrpotint to make itself, known "will suffice. Ko,,mere uiotuphorical something, too" senseless c1 L *?__' Ux ,iB - >oA''nR for, and too I« " t.'oWl¿Ation to,love what '» true and to do whot oniimtf *. ^^ man ,mu?t 5<*n°wl«Ue unless he is to oofmnit an act of moral suicide. The question " Is there such a being as God?" will be found to be bound up with that other—"Is there such a being as man, the living soul—not merely a bimanous biped stalking upon tho face of the earth, thinking that he thinks, believing that he can strive after goodness,and that he is free to love, while he has no more real freedom than a straw in the wind f Of course I do not say that those who hold the thoorv which I condemn aro not honourable and con«.cu minus inr-n, ami, 1 reppat, that I count it a de- gradation to 'have io muka such a disavowal ns i 1 am now making. If rather strengthens my position I to show that conscientiousness in a reality even in those w-linso theory, na I maintain, would lead to the ro-ult that all conscientiousness is an illusion. I claim their practice a« an ally »gainst their theory. The making of personal imputations and the want of capacity to see when they aro Dot mad», aro the bane of honest con- troversy. 1 would Hiiv oven mora of them were it not that to pay nn unueedod compliment to un opponent's honesty is ululent us luipi I limul us to insinúalo that ho is acting from interested and unworthy motives. Nor do I deny that some of thom cling very closely in theory to what thoy regard as ethical truth. Just so I havo observed that peoplo cling most o'osely to their boat when 'it has turned bottom upwards, I am only pointing out that this theoretical hold is t>n afo, and cannot last, und oireringthein, as 1 beliovo, though," they may scorn it, a real refuge Already thora am 'indications that the position is insecure. Theologians may seo them in tbo very bitterness of the nttucks made upon Soripturc ; the metaphysician mav seo them in the somewhat acrimonious assaults made on Kant's philosophy and kindred systems which main- tain a moral law and moral freedom ; practical men may see them in the attacks made (for which all agnostics are not responsible) on family life, in such questions propounded as "Is marriage a failure ?" with their astounding illogicality and their ignoring of tho question " Is man a failure ?" or in the strange assertions that have come from the Conti- nent that women's belief ought to be dif- ferent from man's. Some (of whom I con- fess myself one) might be content, even apart from other evidence, to rest upon the past history of human speculation, knowing that there is in human thought a certain law of symmetrical growth (as there is in plants), and that this law will repeat its manner of operation so that there will be a tendency to a new scepticism on the one hand, and to a renewed faith on the other. At all events, I believe the change will come, or rather that it is already coming, though it is rather early to expect its full manifestation, it has been often said that tho force of error does not manifest in tho first generation. At least this is true of the successive generations of thought which sometimes follow in succession more slowly, sometimes more quickly, than the generations of the human race. We have had professed agnosticism in religion ; we are yet to have professed agnosticism in morals. It will show itself in those who begin, not where tho others leave off. 'They may turn upon their prede- cessors and say. " You taught us to regard thoughts of God and revelation as myths. You even told us it was even immoral to believe them. We apply your prin- ciples to morality, and find that they prove that also to be a myth and a delusion. We therefore must, on your showing, believe that it is immoral to believe in morality." Now, when it comes to this, it will be time to add, " which is absurd." Therefore, either there is no truth at all, or tho hypothesis which leads to this conclusion is false, and something else must be true; or, in other words, there must be another plunge into the bottomless abyss of utter scepticism, or a renewed faith. Now, may I add a few words as to the testimony we are to maintain with regard to such controversies P It will bo seen by those who have fol- lowed the course of what I have said, that it does not seom to me thut our main duty, as Christian teachers, is to follow and attack" scepticism as it passes from negation to negation. Our chief duty (I um not now speaking of the duty of ministeis only) is rather to present tho posi- tivo aspects of truth by declaring God's right eousuess and love. If we wish to ¡ train the car to u t-flusb of harmony, our main rclianco must be not on the exposure of tho hatefulncss of clash ng dis- cords on ill-tuncd instruments-though rarely, and as the exception rather than the rule, this, too, may have its uko--but by exemplifying the beauty of concordant sound. And similarly, if wo wmli to train the eve to a sense of beauty, it must be done chiefly by the presentation of what is beautiful in naturo and in art. So also it is in reaching the hearts and consciences of others, and awakening thoir powers of spiritual perception. So it is in quickening and maintaining our own faith. M an cannot maintain his bodily health bj merely avoiding poisons; he must have food that he may livo. When the children of un- belief ask it for bread it hus none to give them. . We aro reminded of the terrible story told with suoh stern pathos by Dante, and repnated, not without a homely tenderness of his own, by our oun Chaucer, of the fathor and his children in tho " Tower of Famine" : " Amid their sleep I heard t My Sons (foi they were with ino) weep and ask i'o'r bread. . Uttering not a word, I looked upon the visage of my sons. ' ' I wept not: so all stone I felt within. , 'then Gatillo at my feet Ontst i c'.cued did fling hiln, crying, ' Bast no help Foi me, my father I1 llieie tío died," Webeliovein One who offers Himself a« the bread of life to men, and who has bid us preach His Gospel to every creature-a message which* we aro unworthy to bear, but which wo must bear unless we would have the very stoneA to cry out. This is God's way of reaching the human heart. To meit it may seom foolishness, and the word spoken may be despised and rejected of mon as was the Word incarnate. We must declare tho love of the Father, the redemption of the Son, the puwor of the ¡Holy Spirit-tho glory of that '1 nulty which is to the uurenewed mind the strangest of doctrines and mosf abstract of mysteries ; but to the penitent and believing soul the most practical of facts. We must tell of the forgiveness of sins. Alas that any should think that the seeking a Father's forgiveness is only seeking an exemp- tion from punishment, or think that tear alone ever yet mude anyone seek it. We mui-t trust that thefo heavenly harmonies will bo used by God's Spirit to rouse the soul to listen to them, to love them, to join in them Wo must trust that tbe light may be used to awaken as well as to guide, as the light »tiearn- ing in through an opened pnson door may waken the sleeping captive, and let him see that the great Deliverer has caine to open the prison to them that aro bound. The world may laugh at all this as it laughed at Christ, but wo have our message to deliver, and must deliver it whether men will hear or forbear. Some may turn away in unger, some in contempt, somo in pity, some in derision, Borne in hatred, but it will reach weary and heavy-laden sinners still, and the foolishness of Ood will prove itself wiser than the wisdom of men, Wo must remember, too, that when we preach or te ich repentance towards God we aro not appealing merely to matter of historical evidenco, or past fuct, but appealing directly to tho living conscience, and giving a divine command, " He commnndeth all men everywhere to repent." Till that command ib obeyed, no more light can be expected. All the light of the Bible cannot benefit an impenitent soul if it remains impenitent The revelation to such a soul of every mystery in crea- tion would do it no good. If one were to rise to it from the dead it would not believe. '1 he first great need of man is amoral one, and no merely intellectual reception of truth could supply that need. Hence, even if we had all knowledge and could clear up all mysteriös, unless we had something olso to offer wo should be helpless, lo dispel the cloud which sin raise« between the soul and God merely by solving intellectual difficulties, answering objections, confuting denials, Booms to me to be something like trying to remove darkness by carrying it away in carts. Thore is but one real remedy for darkness, and Gdd, who commanded the light to shine into the dark- ness, has bid us hold forth the Word of, Life. We can rejoice that in this work wo are not alone among men. I have been speaking as a Congrega tionalist among Congregationalists, and according to our use and wont, I um to be held individually and solely responsible for what I have said. There is, how- ever, one point on which I think I may, with absolute confidence, speak in the name of all. We rejoioe in the work of all who ure seeking to glorify the name of Christ, and to extend His kingdom. If thore bo a Con gregationalist who thinks that the grace of God is con- fined to the narrow limits of his own denomination, or who hands over Christians of other names to " uncovo nanted mercies," I have never met him, and trust I never may. I look back with gladness to the fact that when 1 was a boy one of the first books of deep and earnest thought put into my hands by my father-a Congregational minister whose Congrega tiohahsm made and kept him poor-was s book by a Roman Catholic, another was by a bishop of tbo Church ot England. I have not yet ceased, and never shall cease, to feel indebted to "Pascal's Thoughts'' and " Butler's Analogy." And I can remember also that when I beean to read history for myself, and began to form opinions cn the connection between tho religious and civil history in Britain and elsewhere, I was oiten sternly reproved because in the ardour of youth I under- rated the excellencies of mea who had, as I thought and still think, espoused a bad canse, and who were themselves given to bitterness and intolerance, and even to persecution. I do not regret that I waa trained to admire and honour goodness even when it was alloyed with evil. I rejoice in the progress of the spirit of toleration, and in, the recognition of the duty of re- specting what is now known ourrently by the once derided phrase, liberty of conscience. When -prelates and princes of r. church whose annals are stained with tho records of religious persecution speak of toleration as a mark of a Christian country, we may know that in a higher sense than the great Protector intended his cannon1 have been heard at the castle of St. Angelo, that a nobler vengeance has been executed for slaughtered siintstban'that prayed for by his greater secretary, whose words are having yet another fulfilment-" Peace hath her victor is no less renowned than war." Trained as most of us have been, it is not wonderful that we should take an earnest interest in all that concerns Srogress in the recognition of the elementary Christian uty of toleration and of the higher virtue of brotherly kindness on the part of all who honour Christ. ' I believe in the Holy Ghost, and consequently I believe in the Holy Cethoho Church. If to believe ardently in this artiole of faith ib to be a High- Churchman, then I am as high a churchman as any f only the church must be holy and therefore tolerant and catholio; and therefore must not exolude a Bingi« member of Christ. .The church is one, and spiritually indivisible. Ita unity is not made by man, but by the Spirit of Ôod. | Strictly, speaking, man oannot make it nor uumako it. Unity in name ia desirable if it expresses a truth and a reality ; hut a unity in name without a unity in spirit would ho dearly purchased at the cost of on« wrench of a human body on a rack, or one xv rent h of n human rousci« rice in nn unwilling, enforced, or insincere subscription to a single article of a ci eel. Wo must not, in grnspintr at a visionary unity, deny tho work of the Spirit of God in that unity which already exists. But while wo must maintain our testi- mony on this point, since to surrender it would be not to soak unity but to deny it, we must welcome with joy every indication that thoso who love Christ uro striving to understand ck h other hotter, and to Vanish envy, malice, hatred, and uncharitublenosi. Perhaps one of the purposes tci lie served b> the opposition raiBeù from | without against Christianity is to bring all who aro Christ's neuror together. When children are dispersed at play, tho oncoming of a st-.rm makes them senk the shelter of thoir 'home, and thoy find themselves nearer to each othor. There aro signs, too, that wiso und good and noble-minded mon in different communions, as vye call Ihntii, in one com- munion «s God i-ur-s them, aro tenting a lonpmg for a more hearty co-operation with each other, and mani- festing a desire to understand and sympathise with each other, dod send more of tho same grace to us and to nil Hi'b pcoplo ! God be praised that there is so much of it in so ninny quarters now ! Of late years, as many of you know, "there hu« bien found in Jerusalem an ancient inscription belonging to the tjinos of the Hebrew monarchy. It tells how two parties of work uion had boon tunnelling, working in oppo»ito direc- tions, to make a ohannel through which water might pass into the city. Tnoy had begun tho work at the two end', and, as tho inscription records, and ns the course of the tunnol shows, hud been in some danger of missing each other. Eut, as the inscription teils us, whilo they wore tnnk ng their way through the rock, there began to bo heard < tho voice of a man calling to his neighbour, and soon pick struck against pick, and a way was made along which the water could pass. Different parts of the Church of'Christ have 'been working, apparently, in opposito directions. But already wo seem to hear, us it were, the volcas of nu n calling to thoir neighbours, and soon, perhnps, pick will' strike against pick. 'Ihen may come to puss in spiritual rculity what happened ia tho earthly Jerusalem, and a way bo made along which a stream shall flow which shall make glad the City of God. Hie holy place of'the Tabernacles of tho Most High. - . - 