I i B ANKW:SAGA" . . I CVnt«'."T®n of IIasnr'" I rUATTEB XX (Continued.) I ' rouwo OF JASON. . lights that led tho vessel to Tho two ,inB ,„ the two littlo hays tlmt ho I wrSi.>»®0,f Vltoil. Tho light in l'ort- I -Srf tho 1I u.|K,11"' liut 0f Stephen Orry, who B ""vollii a® 1U !,d nliiccd it i» tho window B dli''rou to bid farewell to Mieliael jT-nhef" 1 «vil thereby to any mail Saitlocke, Vyuiild guide him homo agun. I Sionly 11,1 llt,V iuru lo tho boat. Hie light B ib:n'"!shoUJ « from tho cottage of thrco Port ItaSU® v r"?ho hud lived thorn without 'hick or child, through more iossii or B-r . or Tiv0 of three tvero brothon, Siofc'ffSny Kbwloy, both oversofunty. Pfvl' id their housemate, who was I I" o! id hud been a companion or thoir itmtfi "" i..,mvii as Juuu MncLady. titer, jentuy still worked at tho "!! in year ut' avorJ" ,w0Trki"S I l»a! Ciiin day and night, and Juan, Lnr 01 1"", 'labour, cooked and sowed: for thci. AU three had: pd sight, and now groped p",? il.reoold earthworms. Lvcry your jb.st l,kc nlst they had noodod un extra fcifi" vft',rV by, so that eight tallow dips, own iron mould, swung from m "„„f rafters ovor tho meshes on the rift, t „i,en tho Povoril stmck on tho '.omncrtiino, though old Bonny and Ilu'iELi still at tho looms. Old Juan dlJ(»»f B t a bowl of potatoes, filled tho l"1"? ,iim hung thorn on tho chimney hook p"".1" i Sucata Thon to make them boil ' l0 hud gone out with tlio tongs to thf' ,,0 houso for soDio dry gorse from ' whilo there ho hud peered i'ff,;" darkness attlio bay for tho light on and liad missed it, .and on going BbS a'min. That's tho third timo in- I'll g bail something will happen Hill got no answer, and so sat down on tho Bev„i .tool to food tho iiro with gorao edo tongs. Whon tho potatoes had lnd carried thorn to tho door to drain 1 then with the click-clack of tho HfiwW V bo had thought ho „„c tile deep hooin and splosh % -KI i" frol,t' t, v?icr?, lik8a«7- &oors; I'" bad said, "Plnguo on tho ®Si-iilif and; commissioners and kaysnnd I'll go bail tliore's smuggling going "Sir their very noses. I'dlmvo the law on thcis, so I would. fiM ll imiV and old Joramy know tho torapor jfci housemate— tlmt ho was never happy H.«<U I'8 "!1(1 somebody to lugglo with— so tonid no heed to his inutterings. But when ff'iMisB sot tho potatoes to stoumwitha HSl over thin, went out for tho $ herrings to wlioro they hung to dry s stick against tho sunuy Btda of witdi ho was sure that above the of tbo lovers, tho boom, nud splash Ktteia and the whistlo of tho wind, ho ddbor'n clamorous shout of many voices, MfeiwIJcry of distress. Then ho hobbled Kfitririi u wizened face of deathly pallor and Hthrbt lie hull heard, and the shuttles were and there was a silenca in tho littlo mnt by mo same as the wind," said old H'lijkybo it was tho nightman," said old old Jomrny nodded his .head very Hauk, and old Juun hold on to the Ievor anil through thoso precious minutes Hifcsthe crew of tho schooner were lighting in Hfeeipof death in the darkness, these three their ncnro3t fellow creatures, half Hfa!,hlf liliud, were hold in the grip of supor- Bhsreagniu,' ' cried oldJuan ; and through htixr that he had left opou tho same cry azhubovc roar of wind nnd sea. 'Ii'imcn that's yundor," said old Jammy, 'if," said old Danny. v3isybo it's a ship on tho Carick," said old "httaay and look," said old Jemmy, ben tho three helpless old men, and affrighted, straining thoir dim Hriti sco and their deaf ears to hear, Haldiigiug to each other's hands liko littlo groped their slow way to tho beach. Hbittere the cries wcro louder than they had Hlarette brows above. me, let's away to Baggie for the aid old Juau ; and leaving behind Hta tie voices that cried for help, tlio old Bttekcd and stumbled through tho dark Hbssiras asleep, but tho old mou knocked, t'lsnndowB were opened and night-capped Bdtbnut through. Very soon tho house and. jmM-cchoed with many footsteps, and over the porch rang out through to call up tho neighbours far and HkiiadStoan and Thurston woro tho first Radtlicbliorc, and tlioy found tho orew of landed— every mau safe and sound, Vcacbingwet with tho wator he lind passed to save his life. Tlio selioonor was tbo Carick, much injured already, with every hurling sea on to tho teneatli her, uml going to piccos fast. Vjoiv that help seemed to bo no more the pcopto camo flocking down .fj'hrtho Fairhrothers, witli Greoha, Vutbdr men and muids, Kauo Wade the with Cluilnoy A'Killev, who had a night at his house, Vary Crowe, Vult llvlchreest and old Coobragh. And Kemiisli shook tlio salt wator from Btawlo'i out to thorn with BjjUttt thoy liad been uplaguey long timo Wiail tlio skippor bemoaned tho loss of tho men of tlieir kits, Chalso was Ptfbii knees on tho beach, lifting up his cdyoico loud thanksgiving. At JSrawlmg ended, and thon Ashor Fair- ffjU'Vbohad been tho last to come, invited jVwkcnnion to Lnguo, and all togothor JbncJto follow him8 moment a cry was heard ahovo 'ho soa. It was a wild shriek , t0 echo iu tlio lowering domo of tho R<wtawos tho first to hoar it. u Eomcono left on tho ship," sho "nitoppcd and looked into each other's Htfoue. 'be skipper, " we're all horo." '""card ouco more : it was a voice agony. bom Port-y-Vullin," said Aishor "'"i to l'ort.y-Vullin thoy all ' > 'ellowing tho way of- tho beach, vu oasy to see from whence tho crios 0?eu ilshmg bout was labourlug (dem halt prancing llko u horse, and her fore-port jammed ,1,13 a' 'bo rook that forks out bfaughold Head. Sho had Bbdhllm!1) !"K»for "10 littlo bay, when ri(liteu'u i tho shoal that lies to tho iv .f9. 'bo night was, tho sea i , bghtor than tho black b»t erfiia i "guro of a man in Vu tat? i bo soon very plainly. .1 'unship tho mast, that h't K , Otaft and easo her off K'Weiboiln ,ct iike a vyco, hut overy a.v ,® ber head deeper into tho cloft, Hoandfcaf U Bhutcd aEaiuand H»»and dry on tho shoro. it inil 1' 'bera— Stcau and Thurston Hi,i uWa.tc.r. jumped into it and Ht!?1 '"'miiio hint 'J wus 6t!" making, tho Vptho«t ia w fftauud swoll wus !, Jlko duct „W0 a,ld flinging it through ..-MyS on tkn i au '""taut tic bout was mvX'hre- "N® -«>. man," H5 bo'tai" ?olP> bolp. holp !" She fen- ? herself with susponso. Weispejji' boyend tho thought of s Lhoir wW .6ecmeu to poBsesB her. Did Wwtfi»bermnsa3? »bo did not. She own frv.- jji'?11 't- Showasofraid ''.'ail rcadvi» ' 'ow down withir f1 throat J. aVf moment to loaj that' h® i "«> <hm ghost ol inKct of y. ,!? waa in tho boa' Sfamranddea-f v 011 'be rock, might Hfkfromfc'0 , With her liooi fro amonl!<!?i shouldom. Bhi H?'1 110 WUt bo loat "vv'ui " "mbtach R' mat. Will no ono savi dioek tbolr l?n!'iC'U"s "'C men, am a„!i ,.a ana uusworcd; "Ho' Hn?1 .'coking to UB vo Sot wives am KNhcd thtouJwl 'i1 aU(1'hen a youni HslimH?'' 'oo whers Bho stood, am "%dio-" for us to stand horo am BfiIrteTmcbatan!d ior oyor an bis coae,cl ,ono or B — wiust, and held 11 H 'hiWUsnsan |;othor ,"eiid. in ;.his hand:' The touch of Greoba s quivering Hps liad .beuii as : flro to' h1111- Lay hold,", lie criod, aud throw tho loose end of tlio ropo to Thurataii Fairlirothor. At thOnoxt 'moment ho was 'bronst-high in' tho 'sea..' Tlio man must havo seou hiih coming, for tho loud clamour ceased. ' " Bravo lad,", said Grooba iu a doop whisper. ' , V ®ray 'B " ? - It's mud, I'm cuUing it," said old Davy. : " Wlio is it ?" said tho skipper. " The young Icclaudor,'' said Davy. - " ITot tlio lad Jason ?" 7 / " A'v, yes, . though— Jason— the gawk, as thoy re saying. . Poor lad, there' a heart at mm." Tlio pooplo' hold thoir hreatli. Greoha co vered her eyes with hor hands and felt uniin- pulsoto Boroiun. - 'NViKling with strong' stridos,i and swimming ivith yot : strongor strokes, Jason' reached the boat. . A lew minutes afterwards .ho was back on, tho slioro, dragging the man aftor him. . . . -b1'10 man lay iusqnsiblo in Jason's arms, bleed- 1 nig froiu a wound iu tho head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face iu tho dark ness, and thou rose up and turued'uway with a sigh that was liko a sigh of reliofi1 " Ho's dono for," said' Jason, putting him down. _ ; . . .. . ".Who is ho ?" cried a scoro of voices. . " God knows. Potch a lahtora," said Jason. ' " See, there's a light in old Orry'sliut yonder- Lot's away tliero with him. It will bo thonearest. placo," said Kane AVado. '' Then shoulder high they raised tho in- sonsiblo man and cavriud him to Stephen Orry's hut. . , " What a weight ho is ?" said Kane Wade. "Slip along, somebody, und got the dour oponed." , Chaise A'Killoy ran on alioad. " Whero's Stophon, to-night, that ho's not out with us at work samo as this V" said Matt Myl- ehreest. " Ho's boon down liora all wook," puffed Vary Crowo. In auothor minute Clialao was knocking nt tho door, and calliug loudly as ho knocked " Stephen, Stephen, Stophon Orry.". , There came no answor, and ho knocked again and called yot louder. "Stophon, lot us in. Thoro's a man horo- dying." But no ono stirred within tho houso. " Ho'b asleep," said one. " Stophon— Stophon . Orry— Stophon Oriy— wake up, mau— can't you hear us '< Have you no bowels, that you koop tho man out ?" " Ho's not at homo — forco tho door," Kano Wade shouted. One blow wa3 onough. Tho door was fas tened only by a hemp ropo wound round a hasp on tho outsido, and it foil opon with a crush. Then tho men with tho burden staggered into tho liouso. Thoy laid tho iiiBensiblo man on the floor, and tliero tlio light of tlio lamp that burned hi . tho window fell upon his face. , , " Lord-a- massy,"' thoy' criod, " it's Stophon Orry hiosolf." . ' CHAPTBa X. TItE ZXD ov Ollliy. When tho tumult was ovor, , and all lives appeared to bo saved, auil nothing socmed lost hut tho two vessels — tho schooner and tho yawl, which still rosp and foil ou tho Carick and tlio forked reef of tho head — and tho pooplo sepa rated, and tho thrco old net-weavers straggled back to their home, tho craw of tho Povoril wont off with the Fairhrothers to Lague. ' Great preparations woro ulroudy afoot thero, for Ashor had sent on a message ahead of thorn, and tho maids were bustling uliout, tho llro was rekindled in the kitclieu, and tho kottlo was singing merrily. And first thoro was a mouthful of grog, _ steaming hot, for evory drenched and dripping seaman, with a taste of toast to swooton it. Thon thoro was getting all tho mon into a change of dry clothes in order that they might wait for a bito of supper, and until bous woro shuffled about and shakedowns fetched out. And high was tho sport and groat was tho laughter at tlio quoor shifts tho houso wore put to that it might fiud oleau rigging for so many, ou ovou so short - a cruiso. When tho six Fairhrothers had lent all tho cliaujothey had of brooches and shirts, tho maids had to fish out from thoir trunks a fow potticoats nud somo gowns, for tlio sailors still unfuruishod. But tho full kit wasfurbishod out at length, and wliou tho ship's company mustered down iu the kitclion from tho rooms ahovo, all in their uiotloy colours and quoer mixture of garments, with tliolr grizzod faces wiped dry, but their hair still wot and lauk ntid glistening, no one could havo guosscd, from tho loud laughter wherowith thoy looked oaeh other ovor, that only on hour be fore death itself liad so nearly tricked thorn. Like noisy children lot out of school thoy all woro, now that they woro snugly housed ; for a sea-going man, liowover ho may bo kicked about on the sea, is not used to bo down hearted on tho land. And if two or threq of the company continued to complain of their mis- fortuncB, their growliiigs but lout zest to tho merriment of tho rest. So that thoy laughed loud when old Davy, cutting a most ridiculous figure in a linsoy-wolsoy jiotticoat and a linon bodice that would uot moot over his hairy chest, begun to grumblo that ho had followed tho sea forty years and uover been wrecked beforo, as if that were tho best of all reasons why ho should not come by such rough harm now, aud a huso advuutago takou of liim by Providence in bis old ago. Audloudor still thoy laughed at tho skipper himself whou, still sorely troubled ,bj his ovil luck, ho wanted to know what all their thanking God was for, sinco his good ship lay a rotten hulk ou a cruol reef ; and if it was so vory good of Providence to let thorn off tliat rook, it would havo been hotter far not to havo lot them on to it. And loudest of ull thoy laughed, aud laughed ngain, when au Irish sailor told thorn, with all liis wealth of brogue, of a prayer that he had overheard old Davy pray whilo thoy hung helpless on tho rook, thinking never to escapo from it. " Oh, Lord, .only savo my live this onco, and I'll smuggle no more," tho Manxman hail cried; " and it's uotfor myself hut ould Betty I ax it, for Thou knowest slio's ton years dead iu Maug- hold churchyard, with twenty rolls of good Scotch cloth iu tho gravo.atop of hor. But I had nowhoro cIbo to put it, ttnu good Lord, only remember tho last day, and save my life till I dig it up from off her chost, for sho woo nevor a powerful woman." And tho dnngor being over, neither Davy nor tho Blrippor took it ill that tho inon should muko sport of their groaniugs, for they laughed with the rest, and togother thoy waked a most rock- less uproar. . ' . , - ,, All this whilo, though Mrs. Fnirbrotlicr had not loft her bedroom, tlio girls' feet had boon jigging about merrily ovor tho white holy-stoned floor to got somo supper spread, and Greoha, having tapped Jubou ou the shoulder, had carried him off quietly to tho door of tho parlour, uiid-pushouhimin thoro while sho ran to. got a light, for tho room was dark. It was also cool, with crocks of milk standing for cream, aud liosiiis of eggs and baskets of now- mado cIioobo. And when sho returned with tho candlo in ono hand, slindod by tho luminous fingers of tho othor, nnd its bright light on her comely face, sho would havo loaded him with overy good thing tho houso contained — collared houd, and hoof, and bin- joou nnd Mnnx jough, and tho back of the day's pudding. Votning lie would liavo, liow- ovor, savo ouo thing, nnd that made groat sport botweon tliom ; for it was an egg, and lio ate it raw, merely piercing it with tho Pin alio lent him from her dress, and thon sucking it through tho hole. At that sight she raada pro- tenco to shudder, nnd thou slio laughod liko a boll, saying lio was a wild man iudoed, and sho had thought so whon sho first sot oyos on him ; oil tlio shoro, und already sho was moro than , half afraid of him. .. Then thoy laughod again, sho vory slyly, ho t very bashfully, and whilo her bright eyes shone upon him she told him how liko ho was, now that sho saw him in the light, to somo ono i olso sho know of. Ho asked her who that , was, and slio answered wurily, with something t between a smile and a bluBh, that it was one I who had loft tho island tliut vory night. > By this timo tho cluttor of dishos minglod 1 with the laughter nnd morry voices that come i from too othor sido of tho hall, and tho two > wont back to tho kitclion. Ashor Fairhrothor,' who. had been dozing ' liko a sheepdog in tho inglo, was thon risuig to ; his foot, and saying, " And now for supper ; 1 and lot it bo country fushiou, girls, ut this 3 late hour of tho night." . ' . Country fashion indcod it was, with tho long oak tablo sorubhed wliito like a butchor s , board, and thrco pyramids of potatoes, hoilca in their jackets, tossed out at its" head and foot ? and. middle, tbreo lingo -blocks of salt, each „ with its wooden spoon, laid down at tlio bsiuo spaces, anil a plato with a boiled herring and a basin of last night's milk boforo overy guest. 3 Aud tho seamen shambled into thoir places, 3 any man any whoro, all growling or laughing, or both; and tho maids lltppod about vory lightly, ,i ruoing nothing,, amid so muny fresh men s t faces, of tho strange clmnco that liadfqtchod thom out of their beds for work at double £ tides; . . 0 ; And Booing tho two coming back togotlioi d 'from , tho! parlour, tlio banter-, of tho soumoi 10 tapk another turn, leaving old Davy for younf — J axon, .who .was romiuded.of tho loss 'ho hat earned on tho bcacb, aud asked if ovor bcfori a stiller lud had got tho like from a ladv with- out look or longing. Such was tlio flow of i their bauter until Ureoba, being abnslicd, and too hard set to control the rich' colour that mounted to her checks, fled . laughing from thci room to lndq hor confusion. But no rudeness was intended by tho rude ooa- ilogs, and no offouco wus takou; for' in that »i. i'Ur' u"or 'hey had ull becn face to faco with doatli, tlio barrier of manners stood for nothing to master or man or mistross oi- maid. ... But when thorough jest Boomed to havo gonn fnr_ ouough, und Jason, who had laughed at first, luul begun to hang his head-— aittingjust where Stephen Orry had sat when, long years beforo, ho took rofugo in that house from tho four bluo-jaokets iu pursuit of hiih— old Davy: Korruish got up and pulled his grizzled fore-i lock, and shouted to him uliovo tho tumult of tho rest : " Nevermind tholoblully-boys,boy," 'hocried, it'B just jealous thoy are, being so long out of pructico ; ami there's ouo tiling you can. say,- anyway, aud that's this — tlio first thing you did: on setting font in tho isle of Man was to savo tho lifo of a Manxmuu." . ." Tiieu licro's to his right good health," cried Aslier Fuirbrothor, with liis mouth in u basin of1 milk; nud in that bravo liquor, 7 with threo; times threo und tho thud una thung of twenty hard fists ou tho table, the rough toast was called round. And in tho midst of it, when Grooha, liaving conuucred her luaidon shame, had crept back to tho kitclion, and Mrs. Fairbrothor, aroused at length liy tho lightsome hubbub,, had coma down to put an end to it, tlio'door of the porch ' oponed, and crazy old Chalso A'Killoy stood upon: tlio thrcshhold, very pale, punting for breuth, nnd with a ghastly light in his sunken eyes, and cried, " He's dying. Whero's tlio young man that fetched liim ashore? He's crying out for him, und I'm to fotch him along with mo straight away." Jason ro.io instantly. "I'll go," ho said, and ho Bimtohod up a cap. ' -And I'll go with you," said Greeba, lind slio caught up a shawl. ' 7 Not a word moro was said, and at tho next mstant, before the others had recovered from thoir surprise, or tlio laughter aud shouting: woro yet quite gone from their lips, the door hud closed again and the thrco woro gono. Cluilse in liis oagemess to bo back strodo on somo paces ahead in the darkness, and Jason und Grooha walked togothor. "Who is it?" said Jason. "Do you know?" "No," said-Greoba. "Chalso !" she cried, hut thn old man, with his facu down, trudged along as ono who heard iiothing. She tripped up to liim, und Jason wulking behind heard tho sound of muttered words between them, hut caught nothing of what passed. Dropxiing hack to Jason's side tlio girl said : " It's u man whom nobody holds of Lmuch account, poor soul." ' ' " What is ho ?" said Jason. " A smuggler,, people say, or perhaps worse. His wifo lius been long years dead, and he has lived ulouo ovor since, shuuned by most folks, and. by his own. son among otliors. It was liis soil who suiled to Iceland to-night." " Iceland ? Did you say Iceland P" " Yes, Iceland. It is your own country, is it not ? But ho hadn't lived with his father sinco ha wus a child. Ho was brought up by my own dear father. It was ha who seemed to bo so liko to you.!' Jason stopped euddenly in the dark lano. " What's tlio name ?" he asked, hoarsely. " Tho son's namo ? Michael." ' Michael what " Michiiol Sunlooks." . . Jason draw a long breath, and strodo on without a word moro. Very soon they wevo outside the littlo house in Fort-y-Vullin. Chalso was thoro boforo thom, and ho stood with tho door ajar. . Whisht !" tho old man whisporod. " Ho'b ebbing fust. He's going out with tho tido. Listen 1" Thoy crox>t in on tip-toe, hut thoro was small need for quiet. Tho placo was a scono of dire ful uproar and most gruesome spectacle. It was all but as throng of peopln as it hud boon niuotoen years boforo, ou tho day of 'Liza Lilley's wedding. On the table,' tho form, tho threo-leggcd stool, und in tho chimnay cornor, thoy sat together chcok-by- jowl, with eyes full of awe, most of thom silent or speaking low behind their hands. On tho hod tho injured man lay and tossed in a Btrong delirium. Tho wot clothes whorciu ho had pusscd through tho soa had been torn olF, his body wrapped in a grey blankot, and the wound on his hoad bandaged with a cloth. His lips woro dis coloured, his cheeks wcro white, and his hair was damp with tho swoat that ran in big drops to his face und neck. At his feat Nary Crowo stood, holding a horn cup of brandy, and by his head knolt Kauo Wado, the Methodist, praying in a loud voice. "God bring him to Thy repentance," cried Kano Wado; " restore him to tho joy. of Tliy salvation., Tho pains of hell Imvo gotten hold of liim. Hark how tho dovil is tearing him. Ho is liko to the man with tlio uncleuii spirit, who had his dwclliug among tho toiiibs. Tho dovil is gotton into him. But out wi' tliee, Satan, aud no moro two words about it ! Thanks bo unto God, wo can wrcatlo with Theo in prayor. Gloom at us, Satan, but nover wilt wo rise from our knees until God liatli given us tho victory over theo, lost our brothor fall into tho jaws of hell, and our own souls bo not free from blood-guiltiuess." In this strain ho prayod, shouting at tho full fiitoli of tlio vast bellows of liislungo, mid oudest of all whon tlio delirium of tlio sick man was strongest, until his voico failed him from shoer exhaustion, and thon his ltpa still moved, and ho mumblod hoarsely bouoatli his breath. Jason stood in tho middle of the floor and looked on iu his grout stuturo over tho heads , of tlio people about him, whilo Greeba, with quiet graco aud geiltlo manners, thinned tho Uttlo hut of somo of tho many with whom tho. danse air stnokod and reeked. Aftor that slio liftod.tho poor restless, troiubling, wot houd from its hard pillow, and put it to rest on hor own Bolt arm,, wlthher cool palm to tho throbbing brow, and thon she dainpod tho lips with brandy from Nnry Crowe's cup. This sho did, and more than tliis, Booming to cast away from hor in a' moment all hor lightness, hor playfulness, her hounding happy spirits, and in tho hour of need- to fiud sucli tender olficoi como to her, us to all true women, like another sense. And prosently tho dolirium abated, tlio weary hoad luy still, tlio bleared oyos opened, tho discoloured lips parted, and the injured man tried to speak. But before over -a word, could como, tho ehango was soon hy Kduo' Wade, who cried, "Thank God, lio has found peace. Thank the Lord, who has glvon us tho victory. Satan is driven but of him. Morcy there is for the vilest of sinners." And on tho top of that wild shout old Chaise struck up, without warning, and.in the craziost speech that overcamo fromliumau throat, a rugged- hymn of triumph, wherein all tho linos wero ono lino and all tho notes one noto, hut tolling how tho Lord was ICiug over death und ull the davils. Again and again lio sang a verso of it, going fostor at evory repetition, and tho otliors joinaa him, struggling to keep pneo with him ; allbut Grooba, who tried by vain motions to stop tho tumult, and Jason, who lookod down ut tho straugo scone with oyos full of wonder. At last tho mad chorus of praise camo to an end, and tho sick man said, -.easting his woak oyos into tlio faces about him, " Has ho como?" "Ho is horo," wliiBporcd Greoha, ahd sho motionod to Jason. Tho lad pushed through to tho bodsido, and lion for tho first timo lie eaino face to faco with Stephen Orry. Did any voico, unheard of tho others, cry in his'oor at that inomout, " Jason, Jason ! this is ho whom you liuvo crossed tlio sens to slay, .111(1 ho lias sont foryou to bless you, for tlio last sauds of hiB Hfo aro running out i" "Leave us alone togothor," said Stojiliou Orry; and Grooba, after beating out liispdlow and settling his .hoad on it, was about to movo away, whon ho whisporod, " Not you," and hold hor hack. , Then, with ono accord tlio others called ou to him not to tarry ovor carnal thoughts, for his soul waspossiug through dark wators, and ho should never tako rest until ho had cast anchor on a troublous voyago. " Got roligioh," cried Kano Wade. "Lay hoult of a froo solvation," cried old Chalso. "All flesh is as grass," oricd Matt Myl- cliroost. " Pray without ceasing," they all cnod togothor, with much bosido in tlio samo wild strain. " I cannot pray," tho sick man muttored. " Thon wo 11 pray for you, mato," shoutod Kano Wado. "Ah, pray, pray, pray," mumblod Stophon Orry, "but It's no good ; it's, too Into— too " Now is tho pointed time," shouted Kano Wado. " Tho Lord can savo to tho uttormost —tho worst sinner of us all." " If I'm a sinnor, lot me not bo aooward iu my sins," said Staphon Orry. "Uavopityon : mo and leave mo.'! , - But Kauo Wado wont on to toll tho story ol > his own convention. It was on a Saturday night of tho mackoral season down fit Kinsalo. r Tho conviction had fixod. itself, upoq bin: i that if ho did not hear .' tho 'pardoning t voice bcforo'tlio clock struck twelve, ho wouh 1 ho damned to all: eternity." 'When tho clocl ) began to warn for midnight tho balr of hi flesh stood up, for lira was still misavod. But before it liad finished striking tho. Saviour was- lii's, aud bo Wua rejoiciug iu 'a blcssed salva tion. . i . "Howcaiiyou tarturi a. poor dying man muttored Stephen Orfy; ' '. 7 " Cull on tho Lord, mate," shouted Kano Wade, j-.org, jl beiuve,lielp T'hou iny' uu-: bclafc."' - i " I'vo 6omothing to do, aiid the pains of death havo hold of me," muttered Stophon. Orry. " Ho parthoiiod the lhafo on tho cross," cried, old Chaise, " uud he's gotten porthou left fori you." " Cruel— cruol ! Havo you no pity for, a wroteuod dying man ?" mumbled Stephen Orry. You've not lived a right lifo, brother, "cried Kauo Wade, " and you've been over wako in yer-intollecto, so never take-rest till yo'vo read; your title clear." v 7 . "You would scarce' -think they could hiivo the heart thoso psoplo— you would scareo think it, would you?" said Stophon Orry, lifting his poor glassy eyes to Greeba's faco.' Thon with tho samo quiet grace as before, the. girl got up, uud gently pushed tliu iiiouout of the house ono by one. " Come buck in au hour,'.' sho wliispored. It was a gruesome spectacle— tho rudo Methodists, witli their loud voices and hot faces and oyos of flame, trying to do their duty by tliuBoul of their lellow creuturo ; tho-poor tor tured sceptic, who know ho had lived uu evil lifo and saw notiopo of, pardon, and would not bo so much a cowardas ,to cry for mercy in bis : lust hours; tlio young. Icelander looking ou 111 silence and surprise ; and tho girl moving hither uud thither among thorn all, liko a soft- voiced dovo in a cage of hoarso jackdaws. But whon the little houso was cle&r;, and tho Methodists, who started a hymn oil tho beach outsido, had gono at last, , and thoir Binging had faded away, und, tliero was only tho low wuil of tho obbing tido whore tbore had boon so loud a Babel of many tongues,. Stephen Orry raised himself feebly on his c-lbow and uskod for liis coat. Jason fouiid. it' oil tho hearth and lifted it. up,, still :damp and . stilly front .'tho pud dle of water that lay under it. Then Stephen- Orry told: htm to put his hand iu tho breast poekot uud tako out what he would 'find there. Jason did us ho was bidden and draw fortli tho bugof money. " Hero it is," ho said, " what shuli I do with it ?" " It is yours," said Stephen Orry. " Mine V' said Juson. " I meant it for my son," Buid Stephen Orry. He spoke in his broken Knglish, hut let us tako . the words out of his mouth. "It's yours now, my lad. Fourteon years I've boon gathering ; it, meaning it for my son. Little I thought to part with it to a stranger, but it's yours, for vou'vouurnod it." "No, no," said ' Jason. " I'vo earned no- ' tiling." ' xou tried to save my lifo," said Stoplien Orry. " I couldn't help doing that," said Jason, " ar.d I want no pay." " But it's tivn lmuUrod pounds, my lad." " No matter." " Then liow much have you got?" - " " Nothiug." " Has tho wreck taken all ?" " Yus ; 110 ; that is, I nover had any- thing." "Tako tho money. For God's Bake, tako it, and do what you liko with it, or I'll die iu torture," cried Stephen Orry, and with a groan lib threw himself backward on tho bed. "I'll koop it for your son," said Jason, "His naiuo is Mieliael Suiilocks, isn't it? And ho has sailed for Iceland, hasn't ho? That's my country, and I may moot him soma day." Then 111 a breaking voico Stophon Orry said, " If you havo a father lie must be proud of vou, my lad. SVho is ha ?" ' Aud Jason answered moodily, " I lmvo no father — 110110 1 evor knew." " Did ho dio iu your childhood ?" "No." " Boforo you wero horn ?" " No." "Ishoalivo?" " Ay, for aught I know." Stophon Orry strugglod to his olbow again. " Then ho had wronged your mothor?" ho said, with his breath coming quick. " Ay, maybe so." " Tho villain ? Yot, who am I to rail at him ? Isyour mothor still alivo?" " No." ' ' ' " Whore is your father ?" " Don't speak of him," said Jason in an undorhrcatli. " But what's your namo, my lad ?" "Jason." 1 With a long 'sigh of relief Stophon Orry droppod hack and muttered to himself. "To thiiik that such a father should never havo known ho hud such a sou." ; The power of lifo ebbed fast in him, butafter a pause, ho said, " My lad." " Well," said Jason. " I've done you a groat wrong." " When did you do mo a wrong ?" " To-night ? ' "How?" " No mattor. Thoro's 110 undoing it now — God forgive rao. But let mo be your father, though I'm a dying mail, for that will give you tho right to kuop my poor savings for your self." ' "But thoy (belong to j'our sou," said Jason. " He'll nover touch them," said Stophon Orry.- ." Why not ?!' said Jason. ' " Don't ask mo. Louvo 1110 alone. Formoroy's saka don't torturo a dying muu," cried Stephen Orry. " That's not whnt I inoant to do," said Jason, Igiving way ; "and if you wish it, I will keep thomonoy."- " Tliuuk God,"- said Stophon Orry. Somo moments thereafter ho lay quiot, breathing fast and loud, while Greeba hovorou ubouthim. Then iu a fceblor voico lie Buid : — " Do you think, my lad, you will over moot my sou '?' " Mayhoso," Baid Juson. " I'll go back when I'vo dons what I camo to do." " What is that ?" Grcaba wliispored, but ho went on without answering her. " Though our country is big our pooplu aro fow. Where willhu bo ?" " I scarce can say. Ho has gono to look for someone. Ho s a noble boy, I cuu tell 3-011 that. And its something for a father to think of wlion ;histime comas, -.isn't it? ' He loves his fathor, too— that is,' he did' lo, vo mo whou ho was a little chap. You must know ho had 110 mothor. Oiily think, I did bvory thing for- him, though I was' a rough fellow. Yos, I nursed him aud com forted liim us any woman might. Ay, uud tlio littlo man loved 1110 tlieu, for all ho doesn't boar jiis fatlior's namo now." Juson glanced up inquiringly, first at Stephen Orry and then at Groeba. Stephen saw nothing. ' Hisoyes woro dim, but full of tender ness, and his deep voico was vary gentle, and ho rambled ou with mauy a break and betweon ' many a groan, for tlio power of lifo wus low in him. " You sco, I callod him Sunlocks. i Thatwas because it wus kind und closu liko. He used to rido on my shoulder. Wo played togothor then, having 110 110 one olso, unit I was every thing to liim, aud ha wus all tho world tome. Ah, that was long ago. Sunlocks— littlo Sunlocks — my littlo Sunlocks ! My own Uttlo " At that point ho laughed a littlo, and thon scoinod to weop liko a ohild, though 110 tours camo. to liis oyes, and tlio iioxt moment, undor tho pain of joyful memories and tho flow of blood upon tlio bruin, liis mind bogan to wandor. It was very pitiful to look upon. His oyos svoro opon, but it was clear that thoy did not seo ; liis uttcrauco grow thick aud his words woro confused uud foolish ; but his faco was lit up with a surprising joy, and you know that tho yoars had rollod buck, nud tlio great ruilo follow was ulouo with his hoy, and doatingoii him. Sometimes ho would scorn to listen us if for tho ehild's answer, and thou lie would laugli lis if at its artioss prattle. Again ho would scorn to sing tho littlo ono to sloop, crooningvory low a brolcou stave that run a bar and than stopped. Again ho would say vory slowly what sounded liko tlio words of some baby prayor, uml whilo ho did so his chin would bo twisted into bis bronst and his arms would struggle to cross it, us though tho child itself woro ouco moro back in hiB bosom. At all this Grooba criod bohind hor ' hands uniililo to look or listen uny lougor, und Juson, though I10 shed no tuars, said . in a liusky voico, "Ho cannot bo altogether had who lovod his sail so."- ' , The dolirium grow stronger, the look of iov and tho toudor words gavo placo to glances of ! fear aud some quick -beseeching, . and thou- ' Jason sniil in a tremulous whisper, " It must bo something to know you have a father who | lovos you liko that." But hardly had tho words boon spoken, whon . ho throw buck his hoad and asked in a firm 'r voice how far it was to Port Erin. "About thirty miles," said Grooha,- looking 1 upatthesuddonquostion. .7' r " Not more?" asked Jason'. - : ' ' V ' 1 "No. lie has -lived thoro," sho answered, c witli a -motion of hor hoad downwards towards s tho bod. "' ' -r -.r7j'>.'. : "Ho?" " Yes, over since his wifo died. Boforo that thoy-lived iu this. plaed. 'with Michael Sunlocks.: His wifo met with a terrible doatli." .f'How?,'.' " Slio was murdered by somo onemy of her' husband. Tho man oscuped, but luft Iub namo bohind him. .It was Palrickseu." " PuU-ickscn ?" " Yes. Tliat must bo lourtcou yoars ago, and.siu'oo then he bus livod ulouo at Port Erin.! Do j'oii wish to gotlioru?" " Ay— tliat is, so I intended." " Why?" . " To look for someone." "Who is it?" \- " My father." i For a moment Grooba. was silent, und then shu said with her eyes down, . "-Why look for him if ho wronged your mother?" ' " That's why I meant to do so." She looked up into his face, nud stammered, "But why?" , Ho diduot appear to hoar lior ; liisoycswcro uwuuu U1U UlUIl UU bliu UUU , UliUltiUUiy. IIUU sho aekud tho question when sho covered hue cars with her hands us though to shut out his auswer. u Was that why you camoi,M sho aaked. ( Yes," ho auswerod. : u If wo hud not boon wrecked to-night I should liuvo dropped over board aud deserted." " Strange, ,f sho said. " It was just what /if did) wJieu ho camo to the island niuoteou yours ago." ' Yes, niuotecn yoars ago," Jason ropcatcd.' Ho spoko like a man in u sleep, uud slio began to tremble. " Wbut is the iniittor ?" sho said. Within a few minutes his fneo liad suddenly changed, and it wus now awful to look upon. 'Not lor uu instant did he turn his oyes from tho bed. . The dolirium of tho sick man had dcoponod by tliis time ; tho littlo, .; foolish, baby play- words in the poor brokon English eauio from him 110 more, but hp seemed to usk eager ques tions, in d tongue- tliut; Greoha' did nut under stand. ; " This'mdn is an Icolandor." oaid'Jasonl " Didn't you know that boforo ?" said Grooba. " What is his namo ?" said Jason'. " Huvon't you heard it yet ?" 7 " What is his luuno ?" 7 Then for ouo quick instant ho turned liis faco towards her faco, and Bhe scorned to read his thought. "My God!" sho criod, and sho staggered back. J ust thon thero was a sound of footsteps on the Bhinglc outside, and ut tho next moment Stcan and Thurstau Fuirbrothor aud old Duv3r Kerruish pushed opou tho door. Thoy had como to fetch Greeba. "Tlio Metiiodeo man tould us," said Davy, standing hj- Juson's side,'" and, luy gough, but it's mortal cur'ous. What's it's saying, ' Talk of 'the divil,' and sure enough it was tho big widths man hissclf wo wcro talking of, less nor a half hour afore wo struck." " Come, my lass," Baid Thurstan. . i ' "No, no, I'll stay horo," said Grooba. But your mothor is lidgetting and this iB no placo for a slip of a girl— como 1" " I'll stay with him alone," said Jason. " No, no," criod Grooba. "It's tho lad's right, for all," said old Davy. "Ho fetched tlio poor cliap out of tho water. Como, lot's tako tlio road for it." " Will 110 ono stay instead of. mo?" said Grooba. "Whero's tlio uso?" said Davy. "Ho's raolly past help. IIo's outward hound, poor chap. Poor Orry I Poor ould Stoplien!" Then thoy drew Grooba away, and with a look of fear fixed on Jason's faco she passed out ut tho door. Jason wob now alono with Stophon Orry, and folt liko a man who had stumbled into a iiiddon gravo. I-Io had Bet out over the seas to soarcii for his futhcr, aud horo, at liis first setting foot on tho land, his fathor lay ut his feet. So this was Stophon Orry ; this was lio for whom his mothor had given up nil ; this was I10 for whom sho had taken a father's curso; this was ho for whom she had endured poverty and Bhamo ; this was ho who liad ueglectcdher, struck lior, forgotten lior with another woman ; this was ho who had killed her— the poor, loving, loyal, pussionato heart— not 111 a day, or an hour, or a moment, hut 111 tivouty long years. Juson stood ovor tlio bed and looked down. Surely tho Lord God had hoard his great vow and de livered tha man into his hands. lie would have hunted the world ovor to find liim, but hero at a strido I10 lmd him. It was heuvon's own justice, and if ho held hack now tlio curse of his dead mother would follow him from tho grave. Yet a trembling shook his wliolo frame, and his heart heat us if it would break. Why did I10 wait ? . . Ho remembered the tomlcrness that had crept upon liim not many, minutes ago, as ho listened to tho poor baby b'ubbto of tho man's delirium, and at that tlio gall 111 his throat seomod to choko him. Ho hated himself for yielding to it, for now ho know for whom it hud keen meant. It had been meant for his own futlior doating ovor the luomoiy of unothor son. That sou hud supplanted himself ; that son's mother lutd supplanted his own mother ; nud yob ho, in his ignorance, hud all but. wept for both of them. But 110 matter, lie was nmv- to bo God's own right hand of j astico ou this evil-doer. Dawn was breaking, and its woolly light el-opt lazily in ut tho little window, past the lamp that still burned on tho window-hoard. Tho wind lmd fallen, and tho sou lay gloomy anil dark, as if witli its own heavy memories of last night's tempest. Tho grey light fell oil tho sick man's face, and under Jason's eyes it seemed to light up tlio poor, miserable, naked soul within. The delirium had now sot in strong, and mauy wero tho wild words and fre quent was tho cry that rang through the littlo house. "Not while ho is liko that," thought Jason. " I will waitfor tho lull." He took up a pillow in both hands and stood by tho bod uud waited, never lifting his oyc-B off thofuco. But tho lull did not como. Wouhl it not como at nil ? What if the delirium woro nover to pnss away ? Could ho still do tho thing he intended? No, 110, no I But heaven hnu hoard liis vow aud lod liim there. Tlio delirium would yet pass; then lie would accuse his fathor faco to face and eye to oye, and thon Tho current of Jason's thoughts was sud- donly arrested by a cry from tho sick man. It waa " ltaeliol ! Itucliel! .Rachel !" spokon in a voico of deep entreaty, and there camo after it in disjointed words of tlio Icelandic tongue a pitiful upjioul for forgiveness. At that a great four seized upon ' Jason, anil tlio pillow dropped from liis hands to thu crouud. " Rachel! Rachel I" eainn ngain in tlio samo pitiful1 voico of supplication ; and nt tlio sound of that uurao bo spoken, tho bitterness of Jason's heart wont off liko u wuil of tho wiud. It was a cry' of romorso ; a cry for pardon ; a cry for mcroy. Thoro could bo no jugglery. I11 that hour of tho mind's awful vauquishmont a human soul stood naked beforo hiin us boforo its Maker. Jason's groat resolve was shaken. Had it been only a blind tanglo of passion and pain ? If tho Almighty had called nim to bo tlio in strument of liis vunvoancq, would Ilo liavo do- livorcd his ouomy into his hands liku this— dying, delirious, with brokon brain uud brokon hoart? Still his motlior's namo camo from his fatlior's lips, and thon his mind went back to tlio words that had so lately passed betweon them. " Lot me bo your father, though I lira a dying man." All ! swoot, beautiful, blind fallacy — could ho not let it bo ? Thoond was very near; tlio dolirium passed away, aud Stephen Orry opened his oyes. Tho great creaturo was a quiot as a child now, nnd as soft and gontlo as a child's was his (loop, hoarso voico. He know thut ho liad been wan dering iii his mind, and when ho looked into Jason's faco u pulu sinilu crossed his own, " I thought I liad found her," ho said, very simply, "my poor young wifo that ouco was: it was she that I liad lost so long ago, 'and dld'such wrong by." Jason's throat was choking liim, hut ho stammered out : "Lio still, sir, lie still and rest." But Stophon Orry talkod ou in tho samo. simple way. " All, how silly I am. I forgot you didn't know." " Lio still and rost,' said Jason ngain, ' " Thoro wes someone with her, 'too. . I thought it was her son — her child -and miuo, thut wus to como whan I loft her. And only think, 1 looked again, and it seemed to ho you. Yes, you— for it was tho faco of him that fetched mo out of tho son. I thought you weru iny sou indeed." .Then Jason could bear up no.longor. Ho flung.himsolf down ou liis kuoes liy.thp bed side, and buried his fuco.in tho dvimr muifs breast." " Fathor," ho sobbod; I am your son." But Stophon Orry only smiled, and answored vory quietly, " An, yes, I romemher— that was part of our burgain, my good lad. Well, God bless you, ray Bon. God bloss aud spocd you." ' And jhat was tho end of Orry. (TO S 00XT1KUSD.) 