A WOMAN'S FRIENDSHIP. BY A. C. CHAPTER XVII. — THE "COMMON" END. On a roasting January day Mr. and Mrs. Kinnaird camo to town, and put ux> at their old quarters in the C.1'. The houso was full, but they were able to got the little suite they lind occupied before, mucii to the satisfaction of Teddy. " Well, take care of yourself, old woman, and don'tspare money if you want anything," he said, on parting, giving her a hasty hug and kiss. "And do just what you like — just what you like in everything. I can trust yon, my dear." " What do you mean by that ?" she returned, qniokly. " Did it ever occur to you that you couldn't trust me ? " "Never, never for a moment," he rejoined with strong emphasis ; and ho put his hand on her shoulder and patted her reassuringly. One squeeze of the hand, and Ted disap peared; 1'atty teeling that it was almost a relief to be rid of liirn for a little while. She began to sny to herself, with a sudden eagerness, " Now, what shall I do ?" — though she had tacitly given her husband to understand that she would do nothing but rest till bedtime. She tore off her indoor gown nnd arrayed herself in walking costume — a costume rather more pronounced in its conventionality than any she wore in the ante-club days. And out into the street, she went, regardless of, the suf focating heat and dust; trottodocrosstoBourke- street, hailed a tram, and conveyed herself with all speed to tho Exhibition. It was broad day light still — Teddy had scarcely begun his journey when she reached tho end of hers — and she did not stay to consider how she would like return ing alone through the crowded city at night. She and Margaret had sxient many a happy evening with the pictures or at a. concert with-, out any inalo escort, it being an essential -prin ciple of the club that women old enough to take care of themselves should be permitted to do so, and they hail rejoiced in their independence. But what a difference there was between being two and being one ! She wandered uxi and down, and hither and thither, like a- lost sheexi in tlie wilderness, like a ghost haunting the scene of its earthly joys ; and she felt ready to ci-y for loneliness. "Oh, for tlio dear club now ! " she sighed to hersolf ; " for tho days when we sat here together, and talked of high tilings, and helped each other, and were so happy 1 Oh, how could — how could she do it!" Margaret, -it may be said, had ceased to go to the Exhibition at nil. She could not bear tlie associations of the place — to be reminded at every turn of -the cruelty with which her friend had treated her. ' ' When dusk came oh, and the electric lights made a new day in the vast building, heated by twolvo hours of sun on its zinc roofs to tlietem- Xierature ofan oven, Patty sought the commis sioners' room, a iiil ordered a modest dinner of cold fowl and' tea. She felt shy of sitting do\Vn aioiie, and glanced furtively at tier companioned neighbors, wondering whether they were taking her for an improper person, and wonder ing also, with a xialpituting In-east, whether by any chance the one old . friend who had remained true to her was there. I-fe was not there. She looked from face to face as she absently ate and drank, and some returned Iter glance with unwelcome in terest, ami ail were strange. Feoling lonelier thaii ever, she drifted out again into the noise of tlie whirring machinery, ami, afraid of being taken for a female loafer on tlie look-out for amatory adventures, hastened throiigli the. thronged avenues to tiie comx'urativc retirement of tlio picture galleries. There she gazed pen sively at tlie club's old favorites nxit.il it drew near concert time, and then took a seat in tlie gallery, whore she was temporarily relieved of her conspicuous solitude 'and satisfactorily accounted for. Tho music made her sad and fanciful; a soft passage from "Rosainutula" brought a vision of tho Yarrook garden in the moonlight— tiie stately measure of the "Cor nelius " March suggested Margaret's fine severity of enthusiasm ; anil she left tlio hall before it was all over, in fear of tram crowds, and went homo to bed exhausted nnd depressed, witli- a keen seuso of disappointment that she did not dare to analyse. Next morning slio went out on lior balcony with a parasol, aud, leaning on tlio parapet, gazed for hours at the bit of Collins-street within her view— tlio bit of strcot down which a man would walk or drive who came from a certain Club to see her. " Will lie come ?" was tlie dumb cry of her heart. " He miykt come— it' would he quito proper for him to como. He may liavo kept a watch on the list in tho hall, and lie would certainly come nt once if lie had an idea that wo were here. Ho would como to see us both, hnd it is all tlie eamo'; if I wero iu my own houso aloue, I could receive him, or anybody ; and this is practically my own house, nnd lie lias so often beou here before. Oli, I wish I coultl send him a note ! But I must not— it would not bo right. Toddy trusts me, and I won't do anything that I should not like to tell him of afterwards. But I don't want anything wrong — oh, 110 ! I only want to talk about something bettor than land syndicates and droughts. And now that lie-has not Margaret, I know I am a comfort to him ; ho would feel it so dreadfully if ho did not see mo— if lie did not know till I was gone." She broiled hersolf on the balcony till nearly noon, and no visitor axipoared. Then she dressed, and set forth to lunch and loaf at tho Exhibition, which was tlio place for meeting people. But again she did not happen on the desired person, who naturally avoided the hottest place that could be found on a hot day, and she returned homo draggled and dispirited, to fight with mosquitoes through another breathless and weary night. On the third day, however, slio iiad her heart's desire, and if it-brought, leanness to her soul that was strictly according. to precedent and tlio way of things in this: world. It was a cool, grey, south wind morning that it was' a pleasure to bo out in, and the Exhibition, whose fever had go no down in the night, was now quite comfortable. She arrived thore early, ' and spent the morning in tho picture galleries/ Pictures, whan- no music was going on, were the only things' tiiat Mr. Mnodonald scorned to care about, and tlie dull light wns very favorable to them. Only a grey sicy or tlie electric lamps enabled ono to see thorn fairly ; simshirio was— she had heard botli licr friends say so— fatal. It was just tho morning for connoisseurs to come and look at their favorites, when they would not need to dodge nil over the place to got a wholo view of them; yet only tho com monest of common peopio wore there to take advantage of it. At 1 o'clock she rose with a sigh from a prolonged study of tlio lovely figure and face— not the dead face, but tho young living ono— in Leigliton's Hercules and Alcestis picture (Mr. Macdonaicl had pointed out to her how very beautiful it was), and went downstairs to get her lunch, when she saw, coming towards her 'in 'tho stream 'of switohhnck railway cus tomers (but he was not going on tho switchback surely !) the figure she had been Vainly seeking for so long. Her heart gave a great jump and seemed to stop beating. At last — at lost she would have " somebody to speak to "—someone to tako enro of her till Teddy tame took ! She mado an in voluntary little spring to moot- him, ; lior oxnrcs- sive face alight with pleasure; and , then she violently checked herself, for she perceived that lie was not alone. Two ladies walked beside him, one on either Iinnd ; an im posing middle aged woman and a slim fair haired girl, both prettily dressed and carrying themselves like important people. The moment Patty's eyes fell 'upon that girl, the conviction came to lior that she was herself growing old and faded— tho first time in licr life that such on idoa had even faintly suggested itself. Ami tlio thought was like a blow, bruising her through anil through— a blow- from which slio would never recover. The girl was extremely pretty, hut it wns not her beauty that Patty minded ; she knew full well that in spite of. her wido mouth nnd aspiring nose, she could hold her own quite comfortably against any rivalry of that kind; it was tlio look of youth that staggered hor. Eighteen or nine teen, witli a skin like the petal of a flower in which the fiercest sunlight could find' no flaw, with those delicate, budding contours and that willowy slonder- ness and flexibility — all the attributes of woll bred girlhood— it was this pre-eminent charm, which no art can give or compensate for, which smote Patty to tho heart and destroyed her self conceit for ever. Not that she hadn't seen plenty of young and pretty girls before. It was seeing one of them in his company which made hor realise her own disadvantages. Ho gave her a friendly look as site passed, and lifted his hat ; she returned his salutation with a cold inclination of the head. Half an hour before concert time she went up to tho gallery and took her seat, in order to have a little quiet time to think over her late encounter and to wonder who the pretty girl might be and what sho was to Mr. Macdonald ; also to get a good place from which she could view the ground floor audience as it came in. "He is sure to come to tlie concert," she thought, "and those people ore not the sort who sit in the gallery. They -will take chairs in the middle of the hail and I shall see them, and with my veil on they won't see me." Thus it fell out. She sat in front of the gallery, in the corner nearest tho orchestra, and Mr. Macdonald brought his parly to tho place she had appointed for them. She had a splendid view of the youthful usurper, and naturally made the most of it. Tho girl was dressed in white, with a soft white hat and a Liberty silk sash of palest blue — a picture of girlish elegance, there was no denying the fact. And she seemed on the best of terms with her esoort. "While her chaperon on the other side of him studied the programme with gold rimmed glasses held ovet her nose, sho whispered in iiis ear, uud -laughed at things he whispered back, and 'whispered to him again, till Patty grew positively wild with irritation at the sight. . "I don't call that manners," she said to lier- self, and thought what a- contrast was this giggling creature" to the refined and stately Margaret. " And, after all, she's nothing but a child — a mere bread and butter miss. And I'm sure he's not tlie man to car # for a bread and butter miss." The orchestra came up out of tho floor, and took its several seats, and tinkled its inati-n. meats into tunc. The conductor appeared, was greeted in the usual way, bowed his acknow ledgments, nnd presented his well tailored back to tbe sympathetic public eye. Anil in that breathless moment of suspense, between tlie rattle of the baton on tho desk and its first slow sweep through the air, two gentlemen cams -along tho gallery and dropped into two chairs at Patty's side. She throw a casual glance at them, and recognised their faces, but could not at first remember where she had soon them ; hy nnd bye, after much effort, slio identified them as the men sho had seen in the theatre on tlio memorable night when the club went second class to see The Magistrate; it was 'they who 'had looked down on her, stared her out of coun tenance. In much the same attitude, they leaned their arms on the ledge of tlie gallery and surveyed the audience below, and between the numbers they "passed remarks " on what they saw as they had done on a former occasion. But they did not notice her now, and talked aloud and freely, as if there was no one within miles of them. ' .- ' There's Seaton Macdonald and his' new fiancee ," said one, with a suddenness that made her jump and nearly shocked her into a stato of paralysis. "This must he thoir. first public appearance together, for tho engagement was ' only announced last night. Well, she's a fine girl, but hardly so handsome as number one." " She'll suit him better than number one," said tlie other. "What, because she's got money ? So she will. He s got tlie Macdonald nose for money, hiis Seatou, and the devil's own luck besides. Heres money and beauty, both together— a com bination thut never occurs in any ordinary fellow's experience. And there's more tlmn that. Miss Joyce plays the violin and writes poetry." ' " Great Scott ! You don't say so. Then now I begin dimly to seo why lie put his neck under the yoke— a thing he vowed hy ail his gods he never' would do again. Beauty wouldn't have chained him; money wouldn't liavo. done it— lot.of it as there is, and fond of it as lie may be. It was the poetry, you inay take your oath— or else the violin." . " Both. The captivating whole." "Well, if it were my ease, I'd rather leave the poetry out. Arid as for tho violin, 1 like it in its place — which is on that platform ; I'd rather not have my leisure moments disturbed by pro miscuous caterwauling at home. I'd like my wife to attend to her children and the pudding making.". "There will be pieiity of other people to make tho puddings in this case, and to attend to the children too." - "I daresay. But every wife ami mother I should do it, whatever her olass of life. .If I were as ficli as the Rothschilds, I'd liiake niy wife look after the nursery herself— aye, ami tlie puddings too — heoause that's her proper sphere and business." . " Ha-ppy woman, your wife! Macdonald has more modern views." " Yes. Anil how did iiis . modern views answer last timo? If lie'd made tiiat woman attend to tho children arid tlie puddings, she wouldn't liavo had time to gallivant about and disgrace him." "Macdonald had . a French cook then, who, I am sure, would liavo tolerated no amateur meddling in his department. And Mrs. Mac donald happened to have .no children. More over, no husband in the world could have forced her into that mould— even you couldn't have done it. " " I'd have made her do her duty, or I'd have packed lior off. " " Well, she packed hersolf off, which come3 to tho same thing." \- " Not at ail — not by any means." "And slio was wortli all tlio humdrum pudding makers put together, in spite of tlie bad end slio came to. Perhaps that's why she did come to a bad end." The speaker iiad tlie air of , a man who knew what he was talking atout. 1 1 Aud Macdonald had a lot to answer for a lot — though, being a man, no one imputed blame to him." " A man can do what a woman can't. " " So it is generally supposed. I can't see tlie justice of that theory' myself. Anyway, I hope he'll bo more careful this time. lie lias a very fino taste in women— I will say that for him; out of the dozens and dozens that he's carrioil on witli, young and old, married and single, you never knew him to tako up with a stupid or vulgar person. She must always have some intellectual charm to recommend her. - But that only makes tho . gamo moro dangerous. This pretty creature, who writes poetry — " Sho was leaning back at the moment, with hor charming face up lifted, gazing pensively at tlie conductor's back and the threatening baton ; and the man who was speaking of her seemed to regard iter almost pitifully— widely envied as she was. "Well," said his' obtuse companion, with a laugh, " it isn't a friendless orphan this time— that'll make a great difference, you'll sec. He's got a considerable amount of mother-in-law to reckon with, and if she catches liim gallivanting in the way lie's been accustomed to, she'll make him sit up — my word !" "Ho'll gallivant, iu spite of her, to the last hour of his life, in iiis own secret, subtle, highly cultivated sort of Way. Married or single, he's nover . been able to resist an interesting woman— ho goes and makes ' lovo to lier as inevitably as the sun rises in the morning. He can't help it ; -X suppose it is in his blood.. You might as well try to cure a leopard of his spots. Poor little Miss Joyce! I wish, for her. sake, that she made puddings and didn't write poetry." "For his, you mean." . ".0, no. Not, for his. As, she is now she exactly suits him." Thespeaker sighed. "All we can hope is that her' poetry will bo better than the poetry nf other women." Tlie music went on, and Patty sat through it .without following another note, like a wooden imago, When it ' was all over she rose in -the careful manner 'of a person who knows himself intoxicated, hut is determined not to reveal tlie fact, aud walked stiffly downstairs and out into the street. With tho same rigid calmness she conveyed herself home by the familiar tram, as cended mechanically to her private rooms, took off lier best bonnet, threw herself down upon her bed, and then went to pieces all in a moment in a tempest of grief and shame. CHAPTER XVIII — RECONCILED. Early on Monday morning Patty went to the office of tho stoamship company whose mail boat was to bring her husband back that day, to ask at what hour it was expected. A olerk told her ho thought it — of rather she — would arrive in the course of the afternoon, but that if Mrs. Kinnaird would call again presently Ira might be able to give more definite information. Patty called again, and again, and ngain; she spent the entire morning calling, patrolling up and down the street in tho intervals between each visit. At last she was told that the ship was due at 6 or 7 o'clook ; and at once she re turned home for lunch and a warm wrap, aud then sot off to oatch the 2 o'clook train to "Williamstown, to rftake sttre Of beiitg thdte iii \- time. Alt the Afteriidon 9lie waited on tlld pier, sitting on the bulwark at the extreme end ami gating seaward until back and eyes were tired, and alien relieving herself with a walk between the trucks and rnila ; all the time sighing with impatience and asking when ho thought the steamer would ho in of every man who passed her. - And her heart leaped when the dosired object came into view, dim nud formless on the failing horizon, as if sho had not seen licr hus band for a year and hail spent every hour of his absence in fretting for him. Even after a mail ship is in, it takes a long time to prepare itself for tho roception of /visi tors from tho skoro— lmlf an hour to got round tho end of tho pier if it goes to aloft hand berth, aud another hnlf-honr to inoko fnst, roughly spenking ; aud then the rude aud strong crowd up the gangways and choke them, and tho weak have to wait and watch their olmiico for per haps half an hour more. 'fed leaned over tho' rail, gazing down with much solicitude on the little figure of his wife ; and Patty, keeping always under tho exact spot where lie stood as tha vessel moved, lookod yearningly up at liim. "What, alone, rat?" he called to iier anxiously. "This is no place for you to he by yourself, at this timo o night." "I'm all right now you liavo come," sho answered. " Can't I get up to you, Todily ?" "Ivcep where you are, olear of the crowd, and I'll be down to you in a minute, " ho rejoined, and down ho came through the mob on the gangway, which had 110 option but to let him pass, and took his small spouse into tho shelter 01 ins punctfol person. Under which sho nestled in perfect safety and content. "Oh, darling, darling," slio murmured, with unwonted passion, ns sho squeezed his great arm between her two little hands, " how ihank- Jul 1 am to got you back again. Next timo you go away, dearest, you must take mo with you." " I'm always ready to take you with me when ever you want to go," he answered, laying his brown paw over her interlaced fingers. "I'd have taken you now, only you know you said Sydney would bo too hot. Peon dull without your old man, eh ?" " Dulncss is no word for it. I have been simply wretched." "No old friends turned up to look aftor you?" "No, no. I have no friends — I don't want any. I want nobody but you." Though ho was not a very penetrating person, he did begin to see that something must have happened during his abscnco to mako her so very much nicer to him now than sho was wheu he left her, and ho camo surprisingly near to guessing correctly what it was. " Feel nil right now, Pat ?" ho queried, ns they rattled up to town, sitting very closely together in a comer. "Headache. gone? No more nervous feolings, eh ?" "No, love. I am quite well." " Want to stay 011 in Melbourne, or to go home?" " Oh, to go home — to go koine 1 I am sick of Melbourne." "Well, so am I, to tell the honest truth." "Then let us go to-morrow, shall wo?" "All right. I havo nothing to keep me." Keaching the I.C.P., they each hail a cup of hot coffee, and Patty devoured a sandwich, and carried another upstairs, which she ate as she passed along tho corridors, in a vulgar manner. "And so you are glad to get your poor old husband back again ?" said Ted at last, when they reached their rooms, stroking the crown of her head with clumsy tenderness. Sho replied by tightening her arm round his neck. "I used to think — I had a sort of an idea — it just camo into my head once or twice," ho wont on stumblingly, as if ashamed to mention such a thing, "that what's-liis-name was going to cut me out." Sho clung still closer, and trembled and shivered as if about to cry. .. " No, no, I don't moan it seriously — it's only my fun. Tm not afraid. Only bo's such an awfully clever, fascinating sort of chap, don't you know, whilo I'm only " ""While you aro the dearest, tho truest, tho faifhfullcst, the darlingest " Tkis( timo sho did cry outright, sobbing hysterically, whilo ho patted lior slionider to soothe lior. " There, there, there ! I'm nothing but a stupid donkey — not half good enough for you. But I do right down love yon, my old girl — I'll defy any man to beat me in that." And not another word would I10 allow 011 tho delicate, lialf- hinted subject, wliich was never spoken of between them again. In the morning ho went forth with a jubilant air to telegraph to Wnrandara, and heard the news of Macdonald's engagement in tho street. Immediately Mr. ICinnaird proceeded to the clnb, found tho happy man, and congratulated liim again aud again with many hearty handshakes. "This will bo good news for my little wife," I10 said blustcringly. " Only tho other day sho was saying how much she would liko to see you mar ried." The dear fellow told his simple fib with out winking, nnd imagined it a fine stroke of diplomacy. "Remember me to her," drawled the bride groom elect. "I will write myself to toll licr all about it. " "Oh, don't trouble— I'll toll her. You'llliave no time for writing now — take all your time to attend to your sweetheart. We're just off homo for a Darby and Joan summer — no placo liko home in the hot months 1 Wo don't liavo mosquitoes of a night up) our way." He went back to Patty and did not tell licr that Mncdouold was "hooked at last" — which was liis remark to all other people with whom he conversed that day — because he knew quite well that sho wns aware of tho circumstance. He asked her whether she wanted him to order any stores to take up to the station, and sho exclaimed, " Oh, by tho bye — yes, of course 1" and sat down to mako a list of groceries, scrubbing brushes and so on, as if her whole soul was wrapped up in such mattorB. Eater, when her commissions were dutifully executed, he said to her cheerily, "Well, old girl, all ready to start ?" Sho answered, " Yes, dearest," with tho true honeymoon sweetness in her face and voice, " I am ready wlienovcr yon are." "Come on, then. Wo'll go homo and lie jolly, all by ourselves." Tkoy accordingly went homo, and they were jolly, notwithstanding the fact that poor old Ted had a strugglo to make ends meet, instead of rolling in the riches ho had confidently expected to enjoy. To bo hard up, however, was not tho wearing thing to him tlmt it is to most folks ; it made no apparent difference in his spirits, or his comfort, or his mode of life. He always assumed it to bo but a temporary state of affairs j and, as a matter of fact, good rains and u riso in "Junctions" have since gone far to pull him round. Patty gavo herself wholly to him and the domestic concerns — tho boes and ilowcrs, the poultry and dairy, tho fruit preserving, the tomato sauce making, the rearing of puppies, thekeoping of Mary in hor place (which bIio had been inclined to step out of since tho timo when her amiable master was tho sole mistress of tho house) ; and a most exemplary little Philistine sho proved herself, in evory respcot. Still did sho shape her figuvo to the conventional, aud not tho classic and artistic, standard, and laccd hor stays tightly because she thought she was growing stout ; and she only ceased to wear a high bonnet when those articles went out of fashion. Sho gave her lord something besides mutton chops for breakfast ovory morning, and the best of puddings for his dinner, as a sacred duty; and there was no poor drawingroom " piece " that sho wouldn't play, and 110 silly ballad that sho wouldn't sing, if ho happened to take a fanoy to it. It is needless to tell how ho rejoiced in his model woman — how, contrary to the rule of ordinary experience, his uxorious devotion increased day by day. Never will sho need to wear a veil, or to sit with her back to windows, in liis company. Sho is ever fair and young, ns well as incomparably clever, in his eyes. "When Mr. Macdonald, iiaviug married Miss Joyce within a month of liis engagement to her, with the readiest permission of hor friends, vanished into outer darkness — that is, went off to England to present his bride at court while the wedding dress was fresh, aud to set up a Bclgravian household and mako himself noto rious in tho columns of society newspapers- then our two old frionds, between whom he had so disastrously interposed, looked across the pew empty gap. between them and secretly longed to draw the rent together and makb another start in life ahd friendship side by side. But of course they were too proiul to sit down arid Write a lettef to say so. However, the other day Ted wanted td go to tbwfion business, .and Patty, of course, went With hint. They arrived at night, and next morning he Went olio wdy Slid she another, her way being to Brighton, to see an acquaintance who lived there. She took iier first class ticket —in these degenerate days she always took a first Class ticket, whether tho journey were to ho long or short, fhongh much poorer thlui she us!6d td l)c—iin,l walked on to the platform just as hot train was coining in. Itimeiliatcly slid Saw Mar garet Waiting there, and the sight of the sail, fiho ftico and tlid severely simple, straight down dress brought the old times hack with n rush and a yearning for tiicir restoration that was not to bo resisted. Margaret looked thimior nnd older; slio had far moro to lose In a coinimrison with girlhood in its 'teens tlmn Patty, as Patty piti fully reoognised in n moment ; but she wore no veil to disguise the honest work of time. Sho would soorn to ilosoond to anything so petty. And as Patty continued to look at licr with a wildly throbbing heart, wondering if sho would turn her head, she stepped into a enrringo on the open door of which "Second" was in- soribeil, and quietly .took her sett, anil tlmt overwhelmed our little woman altogether. "/ lmve been giving things up," she cried to herself, " but she keeps dit — she has kept on all the time, with nothing to help anil encourage her but lior Own nehlc soul. Margaret i Margaret 1" She sprang Into tho scoond class carriogo — fortunately, tho Compartment only contained themselves — anil threw liersolf uprin the bosom of her friend. " Oil, dear Maigaret, do forgive me 1 It was all my fault !" " My own darling— 110, no !" was the prompt and eager answer. "I wns tho only one "to blame." And so they made it up ns easily as they fell out, and are now bettor friends than they wore before. At tho present moment they are or ganising the club nfresli, but not quite upon the original basis. "I think," says Mrs. Clive seriously, " tlmt wo had bettor not take men into it this time. What do pan think, Patty ? " " I think we'd better not," says Patty, witli a sigh. TUB END. 