A PIT BROW LASSIE, A STORY OF MINING LIFE. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author op "A Poor Man's Tragedy," " The Moss Pit Mystery," " Judith's Romance," "For Love and Gold," Ac. CHAPTER XXII. (Continued) Luke Standish's Flight He knew now that the girl was purpose by evading- a meeting with him. He I could perceive that no opportunity of I seeing or speaking to her would be given t , him until they met face to face in the Ashford Borough Court. And it was not probable that they t i would meet in that place on Monday next, ." refer he would not be there to defend himself. For various reasons he had decided on taking this course and allowing the judgment to go against him. In the first place he had heard that his sweetheart, Kate Leigh, and his friend, Arthur Willesden, were both to appear as witnesses against him, as they had seen him and Moll Sheargold together in the colliery yard, Late at night, some months " ago, and to spare his darling snell a bitter humiliation he had resolved not to appear. ^ It were better that he should lose what little chance he had of clearing himself from the black accusation than that Kate should be crushed to the dust in keenest " shame, by being dragged into the witness box, and thus made the cynosure of the prying eyes and prurient minds with J which the Court would be crowded. To spare her that agony he would sacrifice himself and she would never know that he had thrown away his only chance 1 in order to save her from pain and shame y, -nay, would she not interpret his failure to defend himself as indisputable evidence of guilt? 6-14 was intensest bitterness to him to think of all this, but he had marked out ,. the course he thought it best to pursue i under all the circumstances and would not shirk it now. When the day of the trial arrived the , Court was densely packed with a gaping in crowd of Ashford's most ignorant idlers all agog with expectation. But they were doomed to disappointment, for the case occupied only a very few minutes. L The defendant did not put in an ap ?' pearance when his name was called, and judgment went against him by default. And while the case against her son was thus being disposed of, Mrs. Standish was '" reading a letter she had just received from her lad. Lake had gone out early that morning, never mentioning- whither he was going, or when he would be back, and now it appeared that he was not coming back at all. In the letter Luke stated that he was going far away from Ashford might perhaps leave the country altogether and when he had settled down somewhere he would send for his mother Till that time she was to remain at Ashford, as he had provided for he maintainance for two or three months. He had contrived to save thirty pounds, and half of this sum he had taken with him, having banked the other portion that morning in her name. He enclosed the bank book, and she would be able to draw the money as she required it. That was all he had to say. He wasted no ink in making further declarations of innocence, which he felt everybody would disbelieve. He said nothing as to where he thought of going. He was gone, and none in Ashford had the remotest knowledge of his destination. Bat the tidings of Luke's flight spread ' quickly through the town. His mother was deeply offended by his running away, and whenever she spoke of it she rated ' him soundly for his cowardice. If he was innocent he should have defended himself like a man ; if he was guilty he should have admitted it like a man, and made the poor wench an honest woman. That was the way in which Mrs. Stand- en argued the matter, and the great majority of people thought as she did. Of all the thousands who knew about the case not one over dreamt that the miner Tras innocent. CHAPTER XXIII. " Off with the Old Love, on with the New.'' As Luke Standish had clearly foreseen, the fact of his sudden Sight on the morning of the trial had added the last link to the chain of evidence which convinced Kate Leigh that her late love- was certainly guilty of the offence laid at his door. It was impossible for her to interpret the incident in any other way, and the fact of his destination being carefully hidden, even from his mother, went to show that he feared that the law might follow him. Not only was he a guilty wretch but, as his parents said a cowardly One, who had sinned and fled from the consequences. And now, being thoroughly satisfied that Loka was unworthy of her love, she strove to banish him from her heart and mind-a task she would never have striven to accomplish had her (under, loving nature been able to discover the slenderest excuse for his conduct. But all was dark as pitch against Luke nowhere glimmered the faintest streak flight. So guilty was he that he had not dared to face her during the past week. She did not know that the poor fellow had waited for her by this step until he was half-frozen, and then he afterwards came to the cottage and was denied all access to her. Mrs. Leigh had thought it best to say nothing to Kate about Luke's visit, and this omission of the mother's caused the daughter to unjustly record another black a-side against the pitman's name. Kate had not yet recommenced work, her mother was still supposed to be unwell, and the Ministry] shrank from the Moa of resuming her place among the pit brow women. Since the day she left work she had never ventured beyond the con- fines of the cottage, her fear of encounter- ing the curious glances of people having been developed instead of being decreased by her retirement. And during the past few days the girl had perceived a change in Arthur Willes man's demeanour towards herself. He was still as deferential as ever, quite as respectful. in every way, but his voice Appeared to liAjsys a tone now that it had backed preriousJy=rhjs lightest word a meaning that she had not noticed before. "it was plain to Kate now that Willes den was not only a warm, admiring friend, lifts a devoted lover also. A shadowy, indefinite something she clearly Apprehended, yet could not have defined, (told her of the transition which had taken place in Arthur's position and feelings towards her. She would not have discovered this change so readily had not her mother dropped such very plain hints regarding what might possibly happen now that a certain unworthy hulk of a fellow had " taken himself out of the way. And when Katie same to notice Willes ierTe manner she was forced to think that her mother had made a shrewd guess " st his feelings, and if. as Mrs, Leigh had intimated, their handsome and gener unsheathed lodger had loved her all T filing, it was certainly very noble of him neHer'tb overstep the boundaries of * friends as long as she was engaged lathe man who had heard from his native town. to But now that stood ling had altered, and her engagement win a thing of the in J. . past, he had certainly the right to try to win her and thinking over the matter, Kate could not help feeling impressed by the delicate and honourable way in which Arthur had behaved. She respected the young fellow very much, had a great admiration for his handsome appearance and gentlemanly address, and the debt of gratitude 390 and her mother owed him it would never be, she feared, in. their power to repay. 810 oven regretted that she did not return Willesden's affection, for was he not worthy of any woman's love ? And what was she but an ignorant pit-brow girl ? One of a class despised by many and what man in Arthur's position save himself would think of choosing a wife from her walk of life ? All the circumstances of the case save one-pleaded in Willesden's favour. He had played his part so well as to cost a glamour over both mother and daughter, and it was probable that when he designed to ask Kate to marry him she would consent. The only thing that militated against him was the ghost of the old love which still haunted the girl, hut which she was constantly endeavouring to lay. At last the crisis came. It was a couple of days after Luke's flight, and Arthur resolved to put his fate to the touch that evening, should a favourable opportunity present itself. He had given Mrs. Leigh a hint of his intention in the morning, and she applauded his resolution, promising to give him the chance he so much desired. After nightfall, when the household work was over, and Kate had donned a bright-coloured dress of print, which set off her simple beauty as a tuft of green leaves sets off a rose, Mrs. Leigh made some excuse for slipping out to some of her neighbours, leaving her daughter by the fireside knitting. The closing of the back door warned Arthur, who was on the alert, that his opportunity had arrived, and he was just in the mood for grasping it. He advanced into the kitchen, his dark face flushed and handsome, his black eyes flashing with the light of love and hope" She glanced up as he came in, according him a smile of welcome, and accepting this as an omen of success, he went towards the fire-place saying:- " Busy, I see, Miss ?" " Yes, in a small way," she responded, the bright needles twinkling in her deft fingers. " My mother has just > gone to Mrs. Dawson's." " Then we shall be alone for a few minutes, and I am glad, for it gives me an opportunity I have long desired. Do you know, Miss Leigh, that I have come to make a confession ?" CHAPTER XXIV. Another Bethbothal. "Do you know, Miss Leigh, Arthur Willesden had said, " that I have come to make a confession ?" The clicking of the girl's needles ceased for a moment as she glanced up at his words. She thought she understood the matter to which he referred, and her sweet face grew crimson under his ardent eyes. Then she dropped her gaze, her needles clicked and twinkled faster than before, and she echoed : " A confession ?" " Yes ; but I am sinner enough to believe that you will grant me the fullest I absolution when I have fully explained of the nature of my sinning, and also its cause." He paused a moment as if he expected some reply ; but Kate was silently plying her knitting pins, and he continued : " You will be indignant I am sure, Miss Leigh, when you learn that I came here to this house under false pre- tences." She cast a swift look at him, but uttered no word "I told you and your mother that I was an author who had come to Ashford specially to study mining life. It was not so. I am no author, and I never cared to learn anything about the pits save that which concerns you." Still she said nothing, but the needles flitted to and fro, and the grey- haired wool went' sliding round her little brown finger. " The author business was the most plausible excuse I could invent at the time to account for my staying in the town, and from the moment I first set eyes on you I found it impossible to have Ashford. To he near you always I de- ceived both you and your mother. That is my sin. May I hope that you will for give me the deception I practised upon you ?" "I have nothing to forgive, Mr. Willes den," she replied with some emotion, " and have every lo.nsontobo thankful that you came her. We shall never be able to repay all your great kindness." I have not yet finished with my confession, he retorted. " When I have done you will not speak so kindly, I fear. I love you Kate-have done so since we first met in the wagon-road. I resolved then to win you, but on coming to live here found that you were engaged to another. That knowledge sealed my lips though it could not close my heart. So long as you were affianced to another I never showed by word or act what were my feelings towards you. I speak now because you are free. Kate, darling, will you be my wife ?" He had pleaded his cause most elo- quently had presented himself and his actions in the best possible light. His pretty little speech had been carefully prepared and committed to memory wests ago, and it had been rehearsed more than once. No wonder that it made an impression on Kalo. Standing there 011 the hearth- rug with his back to the fire, his dark, handsome face aglow with passion, his flashing black eyes aflame with love light that prettily-told tale of love at first sight failing from his lips in tenderness accents touched the K's"' in the way he desired, and won him the battle. Willesden's lore had a most ignoble birth, springing, as it did, firstly, from the worst possible motives, but his love was real enough now and Kate felt it, and knowing nothing of the base feelings wines had come to woo before her heart was stolen by Luke Standish. She said something of this to him, in answer to hi«limpassioued plea. He had taken her hands in his own, and the knitting had slipped from King's lap up iii the floor, displacing one of the needles and dropping several stitches, She was still seated, and he was bent over her, waiting for her to speak. '. It is so sudden," she faltered. I could not restrain myself any longer, he pleaded.' "Think how long I have kept my love within bounds for another man's sake. Give me one word of hope. Say, at least, that you do not hate me !" " Oh, no I respect and admire you I wish I loved you," she exclaimed frankly. " You will understand, me I know. I cannot forget and love again in a week." She sighed as if some bitter memory had crossed her mind, and he responded "I have been too hasty, perhaps. I thought only of my love. I forgot your mistake." "Yes, it was a mistake ; but it is over now." " And may I hope that some day your respect and admiration will give birth to a tenderer feeling." " It may I hope so," she replied fervently. ' " Then I am satisfied that it will and. Kate, your respect and admiration are more to me than any other work m's love could be. Promise to be my wife, and from Rich feelings nothing but love em come. Will you not say yes ?" Id '2 If you wish it knowing" it," she ! faltered.- - - "If I wish it!" he cried, jubilantly. "Why it is my dearest earthly hope. I want the right to forbid yon ever donning the garb of a pit girl again." " There is nothing wrong about that." " Not for ordinary girls, but for you it seems quite out of place. Well, you have done with it all, thank goodness, and you will look prettier and more like the true gentlewoman you are in the pretty dresses I shall buy you than in your corduroy breeches." She laughed, and then her c impact was sealed with the tender salutation customary in such agreements. He drew a chair beside, seated himself thereon, the knitting was lifted from the white flags, and as Kate addressed herself to the task of taking up the dropped stitches, he tasked: a " " And when is the wedding to be, Kato ?" she hesitated to name a date, being in no hurry to resign her freedom. " You shall Billet your own time," he said, seeing that it would not do to press for an early marriage just yet, much as he desired it, " Suppose we say a month from to-day?" he added. She shook her shapely head decisively, and he asked. " Two months, then ?" " Why need we name a date just yet ?" she replied. " Because I love you so much, dear, that every day will be torture until I make you mine. So that you name a day I care not when-I shall be satisfied. I want to look forward to a day when my happiness will be assured." " And is the naming of the day quite essential to your happiness?" she questioned, wishing to gain time to save her from Arthur's tender importunities. " Quite so-name it !" he cried, with mock imperiousness of tone and gesture. " From to-day is it to be one mouth or two ?" She nodded, half won, half wearied by his loving persistence, and her motion of assent caused him to exclaim joyfully : "In two months, then, you will be my wife ! How happy you have made me, darling !" He took her lovingly in his arms and pressed his lips tenderly to her own. But much as Kate respected and admired d, Arthur-greatly as she now loathed her 'ft old "lover she felt that Willeaden's to caresses were but as milk compared with the wife of Luke Standish's heart is thrilling kisses. and But that dream was over now, and it it was wrong even to think of it. Another to_iifo.nowlay before her instead of that she . 'I had once thought of living as Luke <. I Standish's wife. With a half- pressed sigh, that did not escape Arthur's sharp ears, she dragged herself back to the present to listen to her accepted lover's words. "And now," Willesden was saying, I want you to tell me that you will not think of going on the pit brow any mere. It pains me beyond expression to think of you toiling at that rough work while I lounge about doing nothing at all. You will go to work no more ?" " I don't know, ' Kate replied in a doubtful tone. She was wondering how she and her mother were to live if she worked no more between the present and the wedding-day. " Ton will be guided by your mother ?" "Yes." " That is settled, then. And now let me see your finger. Will this be it ?" He pulled a ring from his little finger and slid it upon the third finger of her small, brown, outstretched hand. "A bit too big-not much-Kate. I can easily tell now what size will fit you. To-morrow I am going to Manchester to buy the engagement ring. It will remind -oh, here is your mother. Mrs. Leigh, congratulate me on my good luck. Kate has promised to be my wife." His face was aglow with love and pleasure, his whole being seemed instinct with' triumph at the victory he had won, and his open manner and winning ways would have captivated the hearts of more sophisticated people than the pit brow girl and her mother Of course, Mrs. Leigh was intensely gratified to hear that Kate had accepted Willesden. With Luke Standish out of the way she had felt certain that it must come to that, but she had not expected her daughter to give herself to Arthur so readily. ' On the following morning Willesden was off betimes to Manchester for the purpose of obtaining the little gummed circlet of gold which was to be the outward and visible sign to Kate of her engagement to him. He purchased a pretty ring, set with pearls and one large brilliant and with this in his pocket he made his way to his uncle's, just catching him and Mrs. Willesden at dinner. (To be continued.) 