'HOME 'AWB. FORIEOBWIn IRELAND. THE O'BRIEN 'TRIAL.' iUALJi'OTmiAO .TUBTKIEU # ur ail me sickening fcransactlonn. m connec tion with tho administration of the Crimea' Act, the prosecution of ikessva. O'Brien and Gil hpoly, M;.P.'[i. at Cloaakilty this week (aays United IitEiiANJi, Aug. 81), ia tho xiiost nauseat ing. Mr. O'Brien scorned to make any de fence, or to employ any counsel, at the outoot ; )Ut the dovelonrnnnfn nf t.hn o.nae) .qnlmflnuentlv induced him to alter his mind. The chief wit ness brought up on Mr. Gilhooly'o cane was a polico note-taker named G-orvey ; and this too zealous oervant of Mr. Balfour broke down moat miserably when his note*talring powers were put to the test by Mr: Harrington' M. P. Mr. Garvey's notea of the speeches delivered at Clonakilty coincided almost word for word with the reportg which appeared in the Fjiesman's Journal and the Cork papers ; but when he was aoked to take a note in court he could not write half a dozen words consecutively. ) Yet, though the witneao, Garvey, was proved a perjurer docvn to hia very gorge and midriff, and thongh two other constable?, Sheeny apd Magvath, t.oi'e proved to have coolted ap loug hand notes from the daily papers— though the diatricfr- inFpector, Parcell, was made to own on oath that he had ordered thone men to cook their reports in the way that was wanted — the inevitabls result — the foregone conclusion — must have its course. The report of his speech, as Riven in United Ireland, was held to be sufficient evidence against Mr. O'Brien, in the teeth oi the legal rule that a man must be proved guilty otnerwise than by the confession o£ his own lips. Mr. O'Brien was convicted, and 00 wao Mr. Gfilhooly, on the evidence of an unsupported newspaper report and the testi mony of the maladroit perjured policeman and hia incompetent longhead-writing fellows. Mr. O'Brien was sentenced to two months' imprison ment, without hard labour, and then the now familiar ghost of Edward the Tbird waa in voked to help out the disgusting travesty. To proffer heavy bail (£400 and two securities of £200), or endure two months more in gaol, were the alternatives to be offered Mr. O'Brien when hia first sentence shall have expired. Mr. Gi'= and an additional period of two months, in de fault of also giving bail ; and ho succeeded in getting out on a ' ease stated.' THE POLICE NOTE-TAKERS. To complete the burlesque in all its features tho magiatrate refused the application, which it was the manifest duty of Mr. Harrington, in in tho simplest interests of justice, to make. He demanded that informations for perjury should be granted against the precious stenographer ; and he grounded this demand on the affidavit of Mr. Lenehan, the reporter who furnished the reports to the Feeeman's Journal, showing the identity of his summary of Mr, Gilhooly's speech with the report handed in by Garvey. The Removables were steadfast. in theie sefusal to grant the informations. MR. O'BRIEN WOULD WOT APPEAL. MV (TVRvifm — T Wliahl-. nfrnfro frhnfr T «3n net consider it would be worth my while to appeal from one court to another. There is a higher court to which I shall appeal some doy. That io tho const ol appeal oi ths electors oi Great Britain. Mr. Irwan asked Mr. O'Brien if he was going to enter into bail. Mr. O'Brien— No ; I will have nothing what ever to do with the loathsome mass of perjury and foul ploy that has been brought to light in this case. THE SECOND PROSECUTION ABANDONED. Mr. Goorge Bolton, acting on instructions from nis paymasters, nas intimated to Mr. (J Brien a solicitor, Mr. Chance, M.P., tbat the prosecu tion of Mr. O'Brien, with Mr. Lane, M.P., for the spechea delivered to the Tipperary tenants of Smith-Barry, will not be proceeded with. It was for this Tipperasy speech that Mr. O'Brien was hurriedly arrested ; it waa for thio that Mr. Pat O'Brien's heed was split open by d ruffian? y policeman ; it was for' this that thirty citizens of Cork were mercilessly beaten by other armed rowdies ; it was for this that the brave Inspector Concannon and his equally brave satellites fired into an unarmed crowd at Chavleville. And after all this violent excite ment and red-hot hurry to prosecute, the prose cation has been dropped like a hot potato. HURRIED OFF TO GAOL. Mr. Gilhooly having entered an appeal, was allowed at liberty, but Mr. O'Brien was at once taken into custody. Having shaken hands with his fnends and said good-bye, he was hurried off by tho police. Outside the conrtgide the hon. gentleman was placed between two lines of mili tary, aad marched in that position to the railway station, with the infantry with fixed bayonets afc either aide of him, the hussars behind hiia, and the police before him. With the glittering stoel round him Ms?. O'Brien bravely and defiantly trudged along to the special tram which was in waiting. Tho people cheered loudly for the gallant man who was then surrounded, and the hnssars wheelod round twice as if they were about to charge back upon the crowd, bufe they did nothing- more. The police were drown across Barrcok-hill, the approach to the railway station, and the people were then prevented from ap proaching nearor. Tho special train started at ooven o'clock, and reached the Albert-quay station, Cork, afc half-post eight. District Inspector Smith, of Mncroom, was in charge of tho polico who formed Mr. O'Bnen'flescozfc. Tho train stopped at Kinoale Junction for a few minutoo, and the few persons who gathered round and I'aiood a cheer for M'r. O'Brieia were savagely sat upon by the police, who rushed oufc oO tho camagGQ and beat everyone they could overtake. Or/in/? to tho way in which tho pnoonei? wgq opidtod into tho city and io tho Kigii! oitoluBiOM by tho wolioo o-i £he- pocvMio a'0&3 1 tho railway station, there werevMyjfew ffernono preoent at tho totminao at Mr. O'Brien's arrival. Ho wao convoyed to fcho gaol on a long outoide car, and hie journey throng tho city wao cheered by the 'people along tho street, who at once became aware oi: 'the object of tho elabo rate polieo oneor&i; 