THE BELL OF ST. PAULS. BY WALTER BESANT, Author op Dorothy Forstjsr, the Chaplain op tub Fleet, Here Paolua, &o.; PART IL Chapter XV.— The Guarantee Is Cut Om Some men .carry good luck with them where- over they go — good luck to others if not to them- selves. Others carry bad luck with them; they Ore acoursed with the possession of the evil eye; those who bccorao associated with them pre sently fall into soino kind of trouble, even though the unfortunate cause— he who brought the tu luck in his pocket — may still continue to prosper mightily. It seemed, for instance, at first, that the young man from the ends of the earth had brought with him every kind of happiness ; yet behold : In the house which had eholtored him thero was ono girl who 'xept when sho was alono and hung her belli when b)ic was in tho family circle. And in the othor house which had given him hospitality, there was & man whom he loft restless and discontented, and a girl whom he had taken out of monotony and stagnant calm and filled with new thoughts. Now the putting of new. thoughts into a resident of that house was like the turning of a rushing mountain stream into a still placid mountain tarn. Before Laurence came to those distant shores from far Australia, tho inhabitants were even as those peaceful, tranquil, contented Caribs before Columbus touched the shores of Hispaniola. Tho Caribs knew few arts and desired to know no more, They livod and loved fiftor tho manner of their ancestors ; some of them even ate up each other, fjllowing tho same ftime honored example. On Bank Side, Oliver, contoutod with his salary of three pounds a wock, courted Cassie, and was gradually forget ting tho abominable principles ho had learned in Germany ; ho lived the simple life and thought of science day and night. Althea's boat lay ridiug on the flood whilo that rivor nymph saw troopB of ghosts walking upon the banks and gliding in splendid barges up and down tho river. Tho Poot was preparing for posterity the Completo Edition of his Poems; in a work dosiguecl for posterity no one is ever in a hurry ; it may extend for a thousand years and one would not grow tired of it. Now— now —as in those lovely Caribbean isles, after the advent of tho white winged ships, all, all was changed. The old contentment was gone ; and ho . who could have set things right was also gone, no ono knew where. More misfortune — much moro misfortune — was to follow. Tako tho unhappy case of Lucius himself. Up to 40 years of ago thu career of this legal functionary was one of great success and woll merited honor. lie bore his success and his honors with becoming dignity. At tho ago of fifteen, when lio loft the paternal Academy, ho entered as a junior — nothing but n junior — a boy clerk — iu chambers, being in tho service of half a dozen gentlemen, for the most part newly called to the bar. When tho ©fchore drifted apart, Lucius attached himself— at a small guarantee — to oiio who presently bogan to attract the attention of solicitors and rose rapidly into practice and to that kind of income which so.much glorifies and illustrates tlio dignity of tho bar. In duo courso, Mr. Foltor assumed silk; ho becamo PolteV, Q.C. Tho guarantco then touched tho respoctable figure of 200 doL, in addition to which thoro were tho clerk's foes, so that Lucius was in the reooipt of an inoomo far beyond anything ho had evor expected, and stood among the most envied of his bretkrou who aseist upon the highor branch. The barrister's ©leak occupies a uniquo posi tion In clerkdoni. His inc me, pot his guar- Published l>7 apodal amugeflftO&k; nitb tbe «4fcer. All rights reserved antoe or fixed salary, rises and falls with that of his master. There is thus established a kind of partnership ; or rafchor, thero is tho rolationsliip | of client 'and patron. If the patron or the | lawyer has a bad time, it is shared by the client or cierk. When tho patron is successful, the client, liko tho Pope, leads a happy life. But, as iu every othor earthly career, there arc many who fail in this blessedness of a patron's success and never rise above the guarantee And, as in all other professions, thoro aro many kinds of men who follow it. There is tho dig nified clerk, for instance, such as Lucius Cottle, whose manners aro founded on tho30 of tho bench, rather than the bar. Thero is the con vivial clerk who drinketh with other oicrks, even with thoso of the lower branch, and hath no pride in his calling, and may be seen in billiard rooms and music halls. There is again tho clerk who brings business ; he presents an aifablo and cheerful countenance ; ho has a warm grasp and a sunny smile, and ho has a cold heart ; in those days, it is such a clerk as is most desired. There was no moro dignified clerk in the Four Inns of Court than Mr. Cottlo ; nor was tiicre one who was moro respected in both branches. Polter, Q.C., was envied for the pos session of this prince, paragon, or phcuuix of clerks. He was supposed to cause tho flow of business as the moon causeth the flow of tides. No clerk ever received a brief with a finer air; ho conferred a favor by taking it ; he did not display gratitude ; his was the obliging party, not the obliged. " We aro very busy just now," he would say, lifting a brow preoccupied with tho cares of work. " But you may leave it with mo ; we will do what wo can for you." Nor did any clerk rate las master's services at a more princely value. Polter would have been made a judge ; every body said that he was certain to be made a judge ; in that case one of the snug little berths of which thero are so mauy in tho courts of law would have been found for Lucius. Alas! The Lady Atropos — let us speak of her with awe — cut a certain thread with her scissors, and Polter, Q.C., had to refcico from chambers, club, Cumberland-terrace, and his wide circle of friends and tho world. Ho gave up practico and fell asleop iu Kensal Green. Never did a greater misfortune befall any barrister's clerk. That was five years before this history begins, when Lucius was 40 years of ago, Everything, at first, said that the man would bo fortunate who should securo Poller's clerk. But then every man in good practice had his own clerk already. Therefore, Lucius had to look among tho rising men. Ho attached him self to one who had all the ambition requisite for tho receipt of the most onormous iuconio, but lacked the power of convincing oolicitors that it would be to their advantage to givo him that iucomo. This aspirant thought that busi ness would follow in the train of Polter's clerk, and retaiucd him, at first, on the old guar antee Tho result was notqiuto what was expected. For though some oi the clerk's old friend'B stood him, ttie new master was not a Polter. Then the guarantee was reduced. The second and a third timo it was reduced. It now stood at the figure — ridiculous when ono considers the ability, of the recipient — of . . . . but no, 'twere indelicate to set it down. Five years passed. The loarnod counsel, who had once seomed one of the coining men, rosono highor. His chance was gono ; he would never get any higher endorsement of tho few briefs which came in ; dignity was lost upon euch a master. The chambers were shared by three or tour young gentlemen, who talkod, smoked cigarettes, read French novols, sat on tables and told each other stories — and of what flippancy ! — and had no feeling, either for tho dignity of a clerk or the gravity of thoir profession. One of them spont his wholo time in writing for the magazines; ho was known to have written a novel, for tho production of which ho had paid a large sum, and he was Baid to have succeeded in getting a farce accepted at the Molpomone Theatre — a farce— and a novel — oh 1 dread shado of Potter ! Tho last blow fell ; the guarantee was out off ; Lucius was informed that his services, in the depressed condition of business, could all be performed by a boy. He could, therefore, take a month's notice or a month's pay. The blow was not unexprotod, yet, when It foil, it was like tho stroke ot a hammer on tho temple, for it stunned this clerk and for a wholo morning left him speechless. 1 ho vivacious young gentlemen told their stories within hearing, but ho heard them not. lie sat at his desk, but though there was no work to do ho hold pen in hand pud thought that he was driviug it. At tho same moment another disaster fell upon the unfortunate family. Miafortuues aro gregarious, as is well known; they love not solitary ways; they will still be moving, if they can, in troops. Wo must not blame tho manager of the St. Paul's Cathedral branch. Ho is responsible for the conduct of tho business ; if things go wrong it is be who iB blamed ; ho is not, again, the proprietor; if he wore, . t'o could afford some times to pass over, to "anion, to nccopt excuse, j to give time, to be moved with compassion. A manager c&nnot; permit himself any of these pleasures. It was Cassie's duty to receive visitors, to point out to them tho various styles in which grace and comolinesB such as theirs may be re presented by the sun ; to tako their guinoaa and to show them such civility A3 would givo this atelier a good name. As eho was an obliging girl of pleasing address, and appearanco to cor respond, she had hitherto given satisfaction to tho manager. ; Alas I since her trouble began, all this was changed. Her smiles .vimLhed ; her manner was short, her appearance /kail.V'ftiid as! day followed day there was no change in thesb ' signs of troublo and distress. See now, young lady," said the manager. Things can't go on this way, you know." "What way?" asked Cassie, porfootly well, understanding. < ' " What's come oyer you? What's the matter with you ?" " Nothing," said the girl. "That's nonseuso, and you know it. Where's your cheerfulness ? wbcre's youriold emile, and your good looks? Well— it's no concern of mine what tho troublo may be, but don't you see that we can't go on?" ' " I do my work," she replied. " Yes, you receive the people as if you wanted to cry over them. Hang it f People won't be cried over ; you might just as well pray for 'em. And then thoy go away and say the girl looked so miserable that she must bo ill- treated — who ill-treats you in this house, I should liko to know ?" " Nobody." " Nobody, of course not. But we got all the credit of it. Why, you are actually bringing a bad name on tho place. Wo can't go oil, you know, wo really can't." " What do you want inc to do ?" " Get back your chocrful looks, my girl, that's what I want you to do. If you can do that I've no complaint to make. If you can't, why thon, you soe, wo must consider our position." In a week's time, Cassia remaining contuma cious in melancholy, tho manager did oonsidor tho position. Now when a business man con aiders & position ho is not liko the military man ongaged in the same occupation. Ho is not going to defend or to atorm that position. He i going to pat an end to ft. The position therefore vanished ; Cassio received a week's notico. Alas for tho persecution of fato ! It was on tho sarao day that tho guarantee was withdrawn. Mr. Cottlo camo homo that ovoning with an air of increased dignity. He at fitst said nothing, but took his arm chair, and sat bolt upright without book or newspaper, his thin legs crossod, his hands upon the arms of the chair, his head orect, as ono who awaits buffots of fortune. It was an attitndo for a gentleman in timo of troublo uudeserved. Flavin, the most sympa thetic of the throe as regards her father, was the first to perceive that something had hap- jxmed — of course, somothing bad ; but she said nothing. Presently Cornelia, from hor chair, became also aware that something had hap pened. The uneasiuess of anticipation is As catching as mumps. Sempronius perceived that something was in the air ; he, too, was arrived at that stage of experience when things unusual are expected to be things unpleasant. Cassie, suffering on her own account, regarded not her parent. Besides she was looking out of tho window She saw and felt nothing but her own sadness. The m&stor; of the house, not unconscious of awakened curiosity, sat in silence ; from time to time a smile passed over his face, as of ono who endures, or a gentle nod, as of one who accepts ; but ho would .not too quickly satisfy curiosity. His own admirable behavior under misfortune pleased ami consoled him. Does it not always console the sufferer when ho can feel that he ha3 done or said the right thing? Consider the frequent funerals of the Mile End-road, whero thoy know what a funeral should be. As tho men in black walk stately beforo and beside the bior you may look iuto the carriages and mark how the grief of the bereaved is visibly consoled by the admiration of tho people on tho pave ment. They sit upright with conscious pride ; the women bridle and smile ; tho men nudge each other. A family which can do things in such a 9tyle is indeed one which confers honor on its members. When Lucius presently arose and sought the book with which he illustrated every difficulty in the conduct of life — I mean his father's work, which was bis guide in doubt and his fount of consolation in trouble — Flavin understood that the position was serious indeed. He opened tho book and laid it before him. Then he turned over tho pages and cleared his throat as one who is about to commence family prayers. He then read aloud, with intervals for meditation, detached maxims or sentences as he found tkom in the volume. Tho effect was as saddening as the ringing of a knell or tho firing of minute guns at sea. "When Eliphaz, Bildad and Zophar could not console tho afflicted Patriarch the Hand which had laid the suffering upon him was pleased graciously to remove them. With this example before him, the wise man waits." " Children," said tho expositor, " the wise man waits." Flavia was unable to withhold a murmur of ndmiration. Never was such a man as father for bohaving in the right way. Other sufferers waltz around and. let . themselves rip; he on the other hand— but what had happened to him ? Tho reader went on : " Bolisarius, bliud and old, extends his hand and begs an obolas. Crcesus is laid upon tho pyro to be burned alive. Dionysius teaches a school These arc tho commonest illustrations of ficklo fortuno. We need not go to hiscory for examples of hor inconstancy, bccauso every workuouse presents us with many proofs. Let us read in the Book of Life, which lies open to all of us, lessons that may keep us sober in times of fatness and resigned in times of dearth. Should the worst happen to us we have at hand instances parallel with our own case or oven worse." These, children, are tbe. words of your grandfather. "Tho wise man is resigood in times of dearth, that is, 'I take it, not dcarnoss, becau»o I have always found things dear, all my life — but in times of scarcity, when not only luxuries have to be abandoned but necessaries have to bo straightened." At this point, Sempronius, who was sitting behind bis father, clapped his hands to his ears so as not to hear these signals of distress. Be sides he had a most wonderful book to read ; it was about an heroic boy with Nelson. Ami Cassio about this timo became conscious of something unusual, and turned her head. And Cornelia coughed quietly. Tho action is with some on indication of satisfaction or of pride which must manifest itaolf in someway. In the church one cannot clap hands, stamp with the feet or cry encore. Therefore one coughs quietly. Well mannered ladies iu a certain rank of lifo seldom mark their approval, in any othor way. Her brother turned turnod two or three pages moro and in tho voice of a clergyman at a funoral began again: — 44 The wants of the body are few. Tho chauces of fortuno cannot touch tho soul. He who—?" " FnthPr," orioil Flavin springinsto liorfeefc, " what in the world has happenod?" Hor father closod the book, laid his left hand upon it and thrust the right hand into his bosom. Then ho rose and stood upon tho hoarth and looked round him. " Children," ho said, "and sister, Cornelia, I have this day received iutimation that tho guarantee is withdrawn." " Lucius," cried his sister, "you don't mean to say you aro out of place ?" 11 Wedon't call it 'place,' sister, in the Highor Branch. The guarantee, I said, has been with drawn — tho guarantco. " "Well, father," said Flavia, "but such as you can easily find another — guarantee. You have only to lift your little finger. Why, I have often wondered at your staying so long whero there is little for von." " I hope I hope I may find another guarantee. At the same time I do not disguise from myself that business is had and such an official as my self, with 30 years of experience, may not im mediately command tho prico which lie not un naturally puts upon lii < own scrvicos. I have received a month's notice with option of a mouth's pay, which I have taken, because I shall then havo leisure to look around. Meantime, my children, until something elso is found thoic is no income and only tho month's pay in hand." "Well, I've got 25s. a week." said Flavin, " and there's aunt, and Cassic has got 18s. We shan't starve fora bit." " Oh," said Cassie, "I was going to tell you. It is a torriblo misfortune — I didn't know how dreadful it was going to bo, I'vo had a week's notice too." " You, Cassio," cried Flavia, "why, I thought —what lmve you done now ?" " Tho manager wants more cheorfulness. He says he won't havo people cried over." " Oh !" said Flavia, "this is terrible." "I dare say I shall findanothor place," said Cassio. "Anything, will do— what does it matter ? Perhaps thoy will tako mo on at an undertaker's." "Oh, what shall wo do?" oriod Flavia in despair. " This misfortune on tho top of tho othor." " My ohlldron, wo havo uood of all the forti fications of philosophy." Lucius stopped to the tablo again and opened his book. " Tho other night," said Cornelia, " last night it traa— no— the day before yeotordaor towards tho morning, I dreamed of rainbows, I might havo known thoy monnt a chango of fortuno. "Well, aunt," said Flavia, "if you must dream, you had hotter dream a way out of it, I think." »5ho stepped ovor to her sister and laid her arm round hor. "Cassio dear," she said, " must you go ? Won't thoy keop you on if you come to look happy again ? Try, dear — con sider— how nro wo to live? Can't you smile and laugh and joko with thorn as you used to do ?" 14 Look happy, Flavia ?" Tho girl turnod her wan and 6orrow-stricken face. 44 Look happy? I ? Don't mind me, dear, there must bo some place whero they want a miserable girl." 44 Oh ! I could kill him— I wish I could kill him," Flavia whispered. Hor father had found another passage and rend it — his words failing again upon their hearts like the tolling of that dismal bell of doath. 44 Virtue makes themind invincible. It places us beyond tho power of fortune, though not be yond the malico which that goddess sometimes seems to show. When Zcno was told that all his goods wero drowned — 'Why then,' said lie, 4 1 perceive that fortuno linth a mind to make me a philosopher.' My children, I ain much in the position Of Zcno ; let me, too, become a philosopher — I will bo no longer Lucius but Zcno." 