SKETCHER. DOCTORS AND PATIENTS. Sometimes there is a run upon a particular doctor, who is the fashion, and whom every- body wants to see. And it is not a bad thing to be a fashionable doctor, if only for this reason, that when the West End patients go away from town the doctor may go abroad, and partake of the remedy which he pre- scribes to other people. Sir Henry Holland in his 'Autobiography,' said that he always took took three months' holiday, and, rather than sacrifice any of it, heroically determined that his practice should never exceed five thousand a year. Such cases of professional modesty occur but rarely. Another celebrated physician, Dr. J. C. B. Williams, who has also published his 'Autobiography,' and who has sent legions of people abroad in his day, has practically carried out his own prescrip- tion by spending the evening of his days on the Riviera. It is sometimes a difficult thing to tackle the great physician when there is an irrational run upon him. There was, some time ago, a doctor whose morning levees were crowded beyond description. It was his pride and boast that he could feel his patient's pulse, look at his tongue, probe at him with his stethoscope, write his prescription, pocket his fee, in a space of time varying from two to five minutes. One day an army man was shown to the consulting room, and un- derwent what may be called the instantaneous process. When it was completed the patient shook hands heartily with the doctor, and said —I am especially glad to meet you, as I have often heard my father speak of his old friend Dr.L.' 'What!' exclaimed the doctor, 'are you Dick Forester's son?' 'Most certainly I am.' 'My dear fellow, fling that infernal prescription into the fire, and sit down quietly and tell me what is the matter with you.' I may candidly say that I don't believe my own story, and in fact, regard it with repro- bation. I have known distinguished physi- cians spend an hour or two over a hospital case, when the diagnosis has been a difficult one. I expect that all our ailments are for the most part extremely vulgar and that a doctor can read us off as the experienced re- porter does so much shorthand. If you want to see the great doctor you must write and ask for an appointment. If you omit this form before calling, it is quite possible that you may wait three or four hours and miss him after all. You may get a fine view of his back as he hurries to his carriage, perhaps munching a sandwich in order to sustain him on his round of visitation. You will perhaps observe on the mantlepiece a card stating the fee for a first visit is two guineas, and for every subsequent visit a guinea. Some phy- sicians conscientiously prefer receiving two guineas for each indivdual visit. There is another fee, however, which many of our physicians constancy receive, and this— nothing. There is no body of men so persis- tently generous and self-denying in the mat- ter of fees as English medical men. Your name is written down on a slate and you are shown into the waiting room. Perhaps you recognise this waiting-room as the physician's dining-room, and possibly in happier hours you have reposed your legs beneath the solid mahogany that is now strewn with books and periodicals to beguile the tedium of waiting. How the moralist might muse on the metamorphoses of the apartment! It is here that the light joke passed from the lips of the wit, and the slender foaming champagne glass was raised to the lips of the beauty, and the traveller brought back his strange stories from far regions of Asia or Africa, and the statesman unbent from the anxieties and telegrams of office. This wan wintry morning, when the gleam of gold sunshine hardly wanders in, it is difficult to recall the light and festivity of the evening hours. In this comparison we waiting patients seem like a set of poor ghosts, shivering on the shores of Acheron. Of course the worst of the patients are not here; they are tossing on uneasy couches and the good doctor will have to visit their own homes. There is a line of utterly un- known authorship which Dr. Johnson was very fond of murmuring to himself— 'Revolves the sad vicissitudes of things.' To-day the brilliant party and to- morrow the waiting-room of the consulting physician. I was going to add, for the sake of the an- tithesis, to-day 'the foaming grape of East- ern France' and to-morrow the 'bolus,' only I remember that, in these days of making things pleasant all round, the doctor fre- quently 'exhibits' champagne as a remedial measure. Indeed, I have known one medical man of enlightened and cheerful views who perscibed a table-spoonful of brandy to be taken in a glass of champagne every three hours, a prescription to which the patient gave respectful submission. What curious scenes these consulting- rooms have witnessed! I have known of men who have gone in very heavy-hearted, be- lieving that they were suffering from every direful symptom known in the books, and have come back excessively happy, being assured that their fears were all mistakes and illusion. One the other hand, there are men who have made their calls, feeling assured that they are safe and sound, and have simply received sentence of death, and that within a very short time. A very pathetic story is told by Darwin in the life of his grandfather, Dr. Darwin, of Derby. One day a patient entered the consulting-room of a London physician and detailed symptoms of his illness. It was an obscure and difficult case, of a kind that was only imperfectly understood, and the London doctor confessed himself fairly puzzled. He could only say that the patient was in a most perilous state. 'There is only one man in England who understands the disease,' said the London doctor—'who under- stands cases of this sort, and you should go and consult him. It is Dr. Darwin, of Derby.' 'Alas!' was the answer, 'I am Dr. Dar- win, of Derby.' As we sit and wait, the attendant glides into the room and from time to time beckons one of us away. The odd thing is that none of us look at all ill; but in these days the doctors say that looking well has nothing at all to to with things. Still we are shy and reserved, and a little anxious, and I notice that any well-meant attempt to open a con- versation generally collapses. I suppose we are all more or less hopeful as we have been able to make our way to this trysting spot. Then we get into the doctor's private room—his sanctum, his confessional, where at times very strange confessions are heard, and also with no power of absolution. If you offend against the laws of Nature, Nature will give you no forgiveness. As professor Huxley says, Nature does not give you a a word and a blow, but she gives you the blow at once, and you must find out the meaning. You must be very clear and ex- plicit during those precious moments of con- versation. The man is a fool who prevari- cates with his doctor or lawyer, and yet doctors and lawyers have found such fools in their experience. The doctor hears all you have to say, and brings out a lot of facts you had never thought of, and regulates your diet, and probably puts you on the oil of the liver of the cod, and finally sums up the case by saying, 'You must go abroad for the win- ter. —Murray's Magazine. 'My dear wife,' murmured pater familias as he looked at the dressmaker's bill. Baker (to Miss Brown, who is aged thirty- seven, and as rich as she is not lovely)—Miss Eva, I love you! I adore you! Will you be mine? Miss Eva (blushingly)—Yes. Baker —Oh, you dear old girl! He said in derision, 'Oh, give us a rest,' To the bobby whose eye he had caught, The policeman with promptness did grant the request, And gave him arrest on the spot. 