THE BONDMAN." A. NT-W SAGA. 6TN0PSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTEB?. Bi HALL CAINE, AuBmr of "Tite DJaMler." "A Soa <rf Hagar," " The Shadysr of a Crfme," etc., »tc- CBAFTBCS X- and H.—Jorgen Jwr^cnssn is tlic OOTKair-OeiiEMl of Iceland, where t'ise plut -ii Hio Stxxj m laid. His daughter, Bacbae!, !.•-• is uavvras rfiaol>J many Cosot TValMp, the Danish miiiL«S«- for bat g:ie is averse to tiie propo.^I Atizsdia^awreaJiiis toamameat, one of tLr&'m* Pifrick-Ba, carries all bef>-rt hun anl Eatciael iceaests l«im wai t'ue Champioa's bulge. Svngsmng airav witii his prize he enoounta* a aiz&a;^r, Stephen Orrv, wiio, being chalteerad. easily i n n i?3bricks^rt, greatly ta tie surpi^e 'jf (fcfionlooke^e. Ttiat same lught Patticirsen is i\j;ia<l .mnriLved. The moutits passed oti, and the l i »ve '--f Baijise! and SIEPBSA beia? dLseowei, Jiitltsir comes tiieni ea i tbey fleefrom his pttsenre." They titana.tely mi:but Stephen turns out idle a.i diisdlale. Hi= luotiier is mrited to eo:ne an l 1-vu •witii them in the hope that she iriQ hare same indncnia over her Eoa, bat he in no way impnms. AjlXjO^S to pure, ftse a boat she selifi li^r l-ja^aiid tveaiztSalhajr t9 a oc^lor. and present?- th*? to her mwbiai. Ee leaves her, bat gsaihV; and kse it all. A quarrel ensues bet^ -'tii lix -'ia /i acd her mother-m-lavr, and Stephen in his zn^r ebikss his wife across tie lace. Earqi^. e^iv tufe, " Hmv^ yon forgottsntJie of Batricksea Ee: WOtdJ net like a blow, and he reels out of the hoius Cbj-ftsu tU.—After Stephen's base 'iesersiaa of tiis wife, Bachet gives birth to a son, and i -iiis his jifoas Jason. Time rolls on, tmsatT years luss, and tiic child becomes a man. Heleunsthe^toiyofhli HI323IER'a 3i treatment, and TOWS OH her D&SLD; inrtfw dies befurti the return of bgr husband, t > "wzcakvezajgieaace oabis father for Ilia uxhuxnan eou- ' Quran XV,—The scene of the story is thea ^dbaaged to the &te; of Wan. wnfl thejtojnamor »£ HML Adam FairhFother^ reoferai ft htmted •wbo tocaisnpon his body the maiis of eorritudj! aad snttesing. CHAPrSR JV. (CosrnsTnmO HArdly had fiie Governor got back to the toosej wltea lus boys, his men, and tae maids re tamed from Ramsey. Very fall they all were of the doings of the day, and Adam, vrho never asked that son or servant of his should abridge the flow of talk for his presence, sat with bis face to the fire and smoked, d iz-' i, dreamt or thought, and left his people to •on. What chance had brought the i>oor man to his door thai nightl- 1 An Icelander, dumb for all nses of fpeecL, who had lain in the chains of soiu-3 tyrant captain—a lone man, a seaman mi:iout wife or child in his own country ; and a fugitive, a runaway, a hunted dog in this one ! What angel of pleading had that very ni^rlit been busy in his own memory with the of •ti^s <fmtl-ti- sufferings ? All at once his ear was arrested t>j wiia-: being said tiehind him. The talk was of a Bailor who had passed through the tovm, aai ji tim lilac-jackets wfco were in pars.iitof hiui. Ee had siolea something. No. he iiai souisboJy. Anyway there was a Wciiiiiiit for his arrest, for the high-? .LiiliiT had drawn it. An ill- looking fellow, but, he '.vould be ca'ight yet, thank goodness, in G-od'c good -tune. The Governor twisted about, and asked what the sailor was like, and Ills boys ansTrered him that he was a foreign^ering eort of man in a skin cap and long anil bigger by half a head than BiUy-by-Xive. Just then there was the tramp of feel ou the gravel outside and a loud rap at the door. Pour men entered. They were the blue-jack j' s. The foreign seaiain that they were in search •of had been seen creeping up Ballure, and [ turning down towards Lague. Had ha been • ^ r ™ 5 _ , . j At that one of the boys, saying that h^ .atner tad been at home all evening turned to die Governorand repe^d theqn^tion. But tne J ^n«. had v tK ? Ete< l ^ ^ - to and with the shank of his pipe hanging too&h;: trom his lips, was Bnonng heavily. \- J ^ Excellency * asleep," said the blue- j , , . - . , , i No, no, ^ t coold not be,for hehai been , j^fVrTi^ Ilmur as as the-.- thev entered. entered. Father," cried the ; lad, and pushel him. i The blue-jacket, bine- jacket, cap. _ in , band, told his story again, and the good Adam j' seemed to straggle hard in the effort " ft " r * to grasp , it throu^i the mists at tdeep. At length he ; said," What has tie man dons ' Oeserted his ship, your Excellency.' * f Jsothing eLss—no crime (t TCntfiinfr else, VOUT JEsCClIfiUCJ - . TT)t« he ieen here f" „ ' No," ' . Gaidihe , Governor. ~ * , . ,. J ^J^ST ^ I?'? apd began to breathe mostaadrbly. But ; the blue-jackets, taking council together, concluded that t>ome where thereabouts the man most surely be, and decided to sleep the night in the stable-loft, that they might scour the -oouniry in the morning, the Governor awoke suddenly, „ . - saying - he , had no beds , , to offer ,,, , tbexL.buttucy nrgntsieeponme oeuencs ox tne Kitrhrn. An hour later, when all Lague was asleep, j Ad^a rosefrom hisbedtook a dark lantern ; «nJ wait bads to the BtabU^of^ aroused the i Iceland-r. and motioned him to follow. Tney t OKKsed the paved court-yard and caiiis m .front of the window. Adam pointed and the man looked in. The four blue-jackets were Iji:ig on the uOuches drawn round the lire, and fiis dull glare of the elombering peat Was on their faces. They were asleep. .At that sight the man's eyes flashed, bis month set hard, the mnscles of his cheeks contrasted, and with a hoarse cry in his throat, lie fumbled the haft of the seaman's knife that hung in his belt, and made, one etep forward. But Adxm, laying bold of his aim, looked into bis eyes steadfastly, and in the light of the lantern their wild glance fell before him. At tfaa next instant the man was gone. 'Hie feight was now far spent. Ill the town the forts were silent, the streets quiet, the market-place vacant, and on the hill-tops the fires had smouldered down. By daybreak next morning the blue-jackets had gone back empty to Bamsey, and by sunrise the Engia-h brig bad sailed oat of the bay. Two beautiful creeks lie to the south of Belhsey and north of Maughold Head. One u called Lague, the other Port-y-Vullin. On the shore of Port-y- Vullin there is a hut built of peat and thatched with broom—dark, damp, boggy, and ruinous, a .ditch wbere the is allowed to sit rent free. - The sun stood high when a woman, coming ont of this place, found a man sleeping in a broken- ribbed boat that lay -side-down on the beach. She awakened him, and asked him into her but. He'rose to his fed: and followed her. Last night he had been torusdout of the best houBe in the island ; tliis morning 1 e was about to be received into the woman was Liza Kiiley—the sink the 1, the trull, the «I«H»WI and drab of the The man. was Stephen Orry. CHAPTER V. xxnara SUHXMKS. .^..V? / of his fortunes in He meantime Is jgofekiy told. Lrehame ofliis bnital Mow, as wdl as fear of his wife's Jhre&t;, he had stowed -away in. the bold of an JSnglish'chip that sailed the same night Two days later famine had tiroaght bun oat of Msinding-place, nnd.hp had. been compelled to mdt before^-the mast. In fen more days be bail signed articles as. able -neamnn atfle first Bngtmh port of call. Then liaia Mlfl»wl ipimJimmh for doth, ptudshlents for igimranop, . and punishments for not knowing the high-flavoured language of his boatswain. After/that bad come btckerihgs, threats, scowis, oaths, and open rupiures with ftis chief of petty tyrante, with the Mow of a niailni-^ke ow. the big Ice-; lander's crown, and the little boatswain rolling hreuilong overboard. Then bad followed twenty-eight days spent in irons, rivetted to the dap's ade on Ow nnder dedr. with bread and water diet every second day and nothing between-. linally, £w ^Hhe' secret ^good-fdlow- *hip of a shipmate nmimie bowels ofcompas- -aOD^escape had oome ifier starvation, es etar- ^ftw ban ormfi after alavery. and Stephen had aahote wfiilo iiifl ship lay at anchor in KajweyBay. What occurred thereafter at lbs • lumaa wba^ohe had drifted no one coutdrightlyteU. Hecontmned to live therewith the trull who kqptit. She bad been the Qli^iiimate diild of am in sot vent JBa^BA debtor and thedanghter ^ a i^ibonring «car, badb^en ignored by ber fiiher, pot out to kmrse by bee mother, J«cdiiiignorano6,reMed in impurity and bad that after orneh g<is«tp in -corufirs, inany jeers, anisome toiiingi of ferajle heads, the vieir of the pariah, Paiboa. Geff. called one day at the fant mPort-y-Vullia, and 011 the following Sunday morning, at church. littleBobbie Christian, the clferic ana Beston, rexl out the askings for the marriage of Liza Kiiley, spinster, of th«s naxishofMaugliold,and Stephen Orry,bachelor. out of Iceleed. •\Vhat a wedding it was that came three weeks later! IAZ* WORV a gay new gown that had bsen lent her by a neighbour, Bella Coobragh, a -nil who had" meant to be married in it t-eree& the year ore, but had not fully carried out her moral intention and lrnd tiace borne a child. Wearing such narrowed plumes and a Iwaienemilcof iitfsaace. Li2a strutted up to the Oommuniim rsil, loonug impudently into the men's taccs, and aiucily into the women's—for tiio chiirah vrai tUrongisd with an odorous mob tint kept up th: jabbering of frogs at spawn— and Stephen Orry slouched after her in his blowzy garaie-uts with a downward, sharao faced, nervous look that his bulky manners could not eoiiea;tl. Then what a welding feast it was that lobowed! Tiu little cabin in Port-y-Vultui nwked and snioked with men and women, and run out 0:1 to the sand and pebbles of the bsaeh. for the time o'l year was spring and the day was clear and warm. Lira's old lovers were there in troops. With a keg of rum over his shoulder Jfary Crowe, the innkeeper, had come down from the Hibernian" to give her joy, and Cleave Kialey, the batcher, had brought "her up half a lamb from BaLUglass, sua Matt ilylchreest. the nst- maker—a venal old Ekmiliat-^-had charged his bigsnuffhom to the brim for the many noses o£ the guests. On the table, the form, the three-leggad stool, the bed, and the hearth, they eat together cheek by jowl, their hats hang on the roof rafters, their plates perched oa their knees. \- And loud waa their laughter and dubious their talk. - Old TbnxStan Ooobragh led off on the advantages of marriage, saying it was middliji 1 plain that the gals nowadays must be wedded when they were babies in arms, for bye-chiiders were common, and a eel's father didn'tcire in a general way to look like a fool; bat Nary Crowe saw no harm in a bit of sweetbeariin', and "leave Sinley said no, of coorse, not if a man wasn't puttin nations into a gel's head; and Matt Mylchreast for his part thought the gels were amazln' like the ghosts, for they got into every skeleton closet about the house. "But then," said Matt," I'm an ould bachelor, as the sayin' is. and don't know noUnn."" Ha., ha. hi! of coorse not," laughed the others; and then there was a taste ol a toast to "Liza's futare in JTary's ram. Drop it,'" said 'Liza, as Kary, lifting his cup, leuji jd over to whisper. So I will, bat it'll be into your ear, woman," said Nary. "Sa here's to the king that's comill.* " By this time Stephen had slipped out of the noisome place, and was rainljliiig on the quiet shore alyue, with head luut, clie jks ashy pale, eyes fisei, anl his br.iwuy hauls thrd-st deep iiito his pockets. At List, tiiroagii the deuss fumes within Che house, lieila Coobragh noted Stephen's absence, aud " Where's your man ?" she said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light in her eyas. Maybe where yours is, Bella," said 'Liza, with a toss of the head; " near enough, perhaps, but not visible to the naked eye." The effects of going to church on 'Liza Kiiley were what they often are ou a woman of base nature. With a man to work for her she became more idle than before, and with nothing to fear from scandal more reckless and sluttish. Having hiduen her nakedness in the gown of marriage, she lost the last rjtg of woaianly £ham3- The effects on Stephen Orry were the doepen- £n{;of ^ ^ gYoom, and his helplessness, • Vvkat 13urpose in fie he ever had was para- , l o£his first oomiug to the island he had i sailed to the mackeral ^hing in the boate of • ^ Bhrewd Iteauui, who found fie durub Icelander a skOfal fisherman. w ^e ne-lected his work, lost self-reliance, and lav about for hours, neither thin king nor feeIin , bat with a look of eheer stupidity- And ^ th/^o ^t together in their ditch, sinking dar bvday deeuefand yet deeper into the mire of idfenei, morosenese, and £utuzl loathing. Neverthfii^3 they had their cheerful hou?s together - 1 'j^e ' king* of Nary's toast soon came. A child was bora—a bonny, sunny boy as ever yet drew breath; but 'Liza looked oa it as a check to her freedom, a drain on her energy, something helpless and looking to her for succour. So the unnatural mother neglected it, and Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Rachel iiachel had bad been absut abint to give birth bum to a child, tamed his heart from it and ignored it. ThuB ^ ^ sp£rit- breaking years draggedoa, and Stephen Orry grew woe-begone and stoneeyed. Of old he had been slothful and spiritless indeed, but not a base man. Now his whole nature was all but gone to the gutter. He had once been a truth-teller, bu.t living with a women who assumed that he must be a liar, he by becoming one. He had no company save her company, for his slow wit had foimd it hard to learn the English tongue, and 6he ^ ^ coalll rightly followVn; he had no degir;s save the petty ones of daily food and drink. he had p ^ ^ save the degrading pmpj^ 0f defeating the nightly wanderings of his drunken wife. Thus without any h'linan eye upon him iu the dark way he was going, Stephen Orry had growa coarse and base. But the end was not yet, of all this man was to be and know. One night, after spending the day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to winter, the air muggy and cold, he went away home, hungry, and wet and cold, leaving his mates at the door of the "Plough," where there was good company within and the cheer of a busy fire. Home! On reaching Port-y-Vnllin he found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a paddle from the driving rain, not a bite or sup in the cupboard, and bis wife lying drunk across the bed, with the child in its grimy blueuess creeping and crying about her head. It was the beginning of the end. Once again he tumbled the haft of his seaman's knife, and then by a quick impulse he plucked up the child in hie Jinns, " Now God be piaised for your poor £ice," he said, and white he dried the child's pitiful eyes, the hot drops started to his own. He lit the fire, he cooked a cod he hai brought home with him, be ate himself and fed the little one. Then he eat before the hearth with the child at his breast, as any mother might do, and huug over it as only a woman could who bad suckled it there, for at length it had come to him to know that if it was not to be lost aad worse than orphaned, be must henceforth be father and mother both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, bat laughing like eunshine into the big seared face above mem straggled in vain with sleep, he wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and put it to lie like a bundle where the fire could warm it Then all being done _ ha eat again, and I Aiming bis elbows on bis knees covered his eats with Ins hands, BO tiiat they might shut out the sound of the woman's heavy bramilbing. •.,'.;• L Xbwas on th^ nigh^'forilie£i^ 4ima of "'otfaace^ Cnme that,of the blackest; and in the terror of his loneliness he trembled at the tbonght that «ome day bis homble dumb secret wooLd become known, thxt eomelhing would happctatotdl it —that be was mamedalceady when he marrkd, the woman wlurlay bdjind him. ^ Atthatbe saw how low he bad fallen-^rom her who once had been ao pore and true beside bun, and bad loved bun "and given up father, and home, and fame forhim; to thb trnll, who now dragged him through the alush,'and trod on him and hated him. Then the bitter thought came that what die* bad suffered for him, who had given him everything, be could never repay by one kind word or look. Loot Aeimiila him Xor ever and ever, and parted from hint by-a et wider gulf than hundred miles of sea. ,uch was the agony of his chame, and lbroueh it all the snore of the sleeping woman went like irod through his head,so£batatlaiitbearz>pped bis arms about it iuid sobbed out to the dead jBre at hifl feet, "Bachd! Bachell llaehjsl!" All at once he became conscious that the heavy breathing had ceased, that the bouse was Blent, that something had touched him on the ehonlder, and thai, a gnut^hajavilKri beads him. It was th* woman, who at ths sound of bis voice bad Mcfibn from h r M u a ataep, and now gasped, - -** At that word his blood an cold, and ahlvaring an bit clothes, be creucbed hiwur fct tb£ baartb, malber mnredng bar lookiog up. TbaamtheyaiofbatediecnedBgain, "VFheisIUdirir' thatattkwarad bar wulbs iroai head to toot, riung ber from him, aad answered in a terrible voice, " Woman, in my wife J" That word, like a thunderbolt, left a heavy silence behind it. 'Lira stood looking iu terror at Stephen's fa'.-e, nn&ble; to utter a cry. Bat next d»y sh2 went to Parson Gell and told him all. got email comfort. Parson Gell had himself bad two wives; the first had deserted him, and after an interval of six y«in, in which he bad not heard iron her, he had married the second. _ So to'Liza he said, « He may have sinned against the law, but what proof have yon P None." Then sue went to the Deemster at Ramsey. It was Deemster Lacs—a bachelor much given to secret gallantries. She got as little cheer from this source, bat yet she came away with one drop of solace fermenting in tb-i bitterness of her heart. \--Tut, wo2i:m, it's mora common than yen think for. And whaie's the harm":' Och! it's happened to some of the best that's going. Aow. ix he'd beaten you,, or wruckyou"—and the good uiau raised both ii^ads and shook his head. Then the thought leapt to her inlnd that she herself could punish Stephen a hundredfold worse than ^ny law of bishop or deemster. If she could she would not now put him away. He should live on with her, husband or no husband, au,l she with him, wife or no wife. On her way home aha called at the boose of Kane Wade, sat down with old Bridget, shed some crocodile tears, vowel she daren't have to uld it on no account to uo other mortWi a:>wi, but would the h$art of a woman belave it r ber man had a wife in his own counthry! Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, lifted her hands in horror, and next day, when Stephen Orry wcat down to the boats, Kane Wade, who had newly turned Siethoiist, was there already and told him—whittling a stick as he epoke—that the falling was wonderful lean livui gettin', and if be didn't shorten bands it would be goin' begging on the bouses they'd aU be, sartensure. Stephen took the hint in silence, and went off 'homo. 'Liza saw hiin coming, watched him from the door, and studied his hard set face with a grim suiie on hero wu. Next day Stephen went off to Matt Myl chruest the nctrcaker. bat Matt shook his bead, saying that Manxmen bad struck against foreign men all over the island, and would not work with them. The day after that Stephen tried Nary Crowe, the innkeeper, but Nary said, of coorse, it wasn't himself that was particular, only his customers were gettin' nice extraordinary about a man's moral character. Afi a last hope, Stephen weat up to Cleave Kinley, who had land, and asked for a croft of five acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y- Vullin. " Nothing easier," said _ Kinley, " but 1 must luivt* six pounds for it beginning halfquarter day." The rent was high, but Stephen agreed to it, and pro!ai.;Cil to go again the following day to s.vilhis bargain. Stephen was prompt to his engagement, but Kiuley had gone on the mountains after some sheep. Stephen waited, aud four hours later Kinley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and saying he must have good security for a year's reut down. Stephen went back home with his head deep in his breast, again the woman saw him coining, again she studied his face, and again she laughed in her heart. He will lift bis hand to me," she thought, " and then we shall 6ee." But he seemed to read her purpose, and determined to defeat it. She might starve him. herself, and their child, but the revenge she had set her mind upon slie should not have. Yet to lire with her and contain himself at every brutul act or bestial word was more than he could trust himself to do, aud hs determined to flyaway. Let it be anywhere—anywhere— if only out of the torture of her presence. One place was like another in Mann, for go where he would to any corner of the island, there she would surely follow him. Old Thurstan Coobragh, of Ballacreggan, gave him work at draining a flooded meadow, it was slavery that no other Christian man would do ; but for a month. Stephen Orry worked up to his waist in water, and lived on barley-bread and porridge. At the end of his, job he had 35s. saved, and with this money in his pocket, and the child in his arms, he hurried down to the harbour at Ramsey, where an Irish packet lay ready to sail. Could he have a passage to Ireland ? Certainly he could, but where was his licence 'i Stephen Orry had never heard until then that before a txiiu could leave the Isle of Man he must hold a licence permitting him to do so. "Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet; and to the high bailiif Stephen Orry went. " I come for a licence to go away into Ireland," he said. Very good. But where is your wife ?" said the high bailiff. Are you leaving her behind yon to be a burden on the pariah *r" At that Stephen's heart sank, for be saw that hia toil bad bseti wasted, and tint bis savings were worthless. Doomed he was for all his weary days to live with the woman who bated him. He was bound to her, he was leashed to her, aud he must go begrimed und bedraggled to the dregs of Ef.j with her. S J he went back home, and hid his money in a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex bis memory no more. And then it flashed upon him that what he was now suffering from this woman was after all no more than the complement and counterpart of what Rachel} had suffered from him in the years behind them. It was just—yes, it was just—and because he was a man and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, be sat himself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the worn an, however tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an open boat came ashore, he took it and used it to fish with, aud thus he lived, and thus he wore away his wretched days. And yet he never could have borne his punishment bat for the sweet solace of his child. It was the flower in his dungeon, the bird at its bars. Since that bad night, when bis secret bad burst from liun, hs bad nursed it and cherished it, and bad done for it many tender offices. Every day he bad softened its oatcake in his broth, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer he had stripped off shoes aad stockings to bathe the little ankles in the bay, and in winter he bad wrapped the child in his jacket and gone bare-armed. It wns now four years old and went everywhere with Stephea. astrule on his broad back or perched on his high shoulders. Hie bad christened it Michael, bat because its long wavy hair grew to be of the colour of the sun he called it, after the manner of the people, Sunlocks. Aud like the sun it was, in that hut in Port-y-Vuliin, for when it awoke there was a glint of rosy light, and when t dept all was gloom. He taught it ixi epeak bis native Icelandic j^mfcgp-. aiid *ha yomaa, whp ioaadevtryOmig StfTl&t; found thg a barriar betwoenher andthechad. Itwas onlyinhiuignorance that he did it. Botph, strange destiny! that out of the father's ignorance was to shapa the child's wisdom in the days that were to come! And little Sunlocks was eyes and ears to Stephen, and hope to his crushed spirit and in- -*-"—nee to bis slow mind. At sight of the lbs vacant look would die away from en's face; at ]play With him Stephen's eat bulking legs would run hither and thither ready willingness; and at hearing his strange estions, his wondrous answers, his pretty, ver sayings. Stephen's poor dense ait would seem to stand agape. Ob, little SunlockB—little Sunlocks—floating like the daydawn into this lone man's prisonbouse, how soon was your glad light to be overcast! For all mt once it emote Stephen like a blow oa the brain flat though it was right that be should live with the woman, yet it was an awful thing that the child should continue to do so. Growing up in such an atmosphere with such en example always present to bis eyes, what would the child become P Soured, saddened, perhaps canning, periuips malicious; atfteut adapting fiimwplf, aa his father had dona before bim, to the air he had to breathe. A nd thinking tbitlittleSunlocka, nawso sweet, mammy,so artless, so innocent, must come in thi*, all the gailof Stephen Orry's fate xoas to his throat again. What could he do ? Take little Sunlocks take Titnwdf away. tioukiy. and even canningly^ to work. When (he lirtle une had disappeared, hs liiiMrff would never be suspected, for aU the Mwl' would eay he loved it too tenderly to do it a wto3£, and be would tdl everbody that, he had token it to some old body Ja the south who had wished 10 adopt a child. 80 with Sonlocka ' ghing and crowing a*rida his shoulder, be led at Kane Wade's boose on Bailors one tisif. aad told Bridget how he should miss the lxt'Je chap, for Sunlocks was going down to the Calf veiy aoon, and would not come boms again for a long tuns, perhupa not for many a year, perhapa not until he was a big slip of a lad, and, maybe—who could tell ?—be would never come back at all. Thus he laid his plana, bat even when they were complete be could not bring h™««if to cany them through, until one day, going up from the bench to sell • basket of crabs and eels, lie foatid 'Liza drinking at the "Hiberuian." How she tame by the money was at first bis surprise, for Katy Crewe bad long abandoned luer; and having bitter knowledge of the way she bad once spent his earnings, he himself gave her nothing now. But suddenly a dark thought came, and he hurried home, thrust his band into the thatch where he had hidden bis savings, and found the plaae empty. That was the day to clo it, he (bought; and he took little Sunlocks and washed Ids chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over his own great uniieft fingers, and put Lis best clothes on bun—the white cotton pinafore, and the red worsted cap, and the blue stockings freshly dxmed. This he did that be might comfort the child for the la^t time, and also that be might remember him at bis best. And little Sunlocks, in higb glee at such busy preparations, laughed much aim chattered long^ here are we going, father? Oat—eh f Where i'-' We'lleee,littleSunloda; wirtlaM." "But wbere? Church? What day is thief" " The last, little SunkxiB, the last." " Oh, I know, Sunday.* When all was ready, Steuben lifted the child to the old perch across his shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat was lying aground there ; be pushed it adrift, lifted the child into it, and leapt after him- Then, taking the oars, he pulled out for Maug- hold Head. little Sunlocks had never been oat in the boat before, aud everything was a wonder and delight to him. " You said you would take me on the water some day. Didn't you, father ?" " Yes, little Sunlocks, yes." It was evening, and the sun was sinking behind die land, very large and red in its setting. " Do the eon fall down eve'ry day, father ?" " It sets, tittle Sunlocks, it Bets." " What is sets i"' " Dies." " Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft refl glow, and over them the soa fowl were sailing. " Why are liie wh±te biros =c'eamiug c" " Maybe they're calling their young, little Sunlocks." It was late spring, and on the headland the sheep were bleating. Look at the baby one—away, away, up yonder. What's it doing there by itself on the •ock, and c'ymg and c'yiugandc'ying i" " Maybe it's lost, little Sunlocks." *• Then why doesn't somebody go and tell its father And the innocent face was full of trouble. The sun went down, the twilight deepened, the air grew chill, the waters black, audStephen was still pulling round the head. " Father, where does the night go when we are asleep r" " To the other world, little Sunlocks." " Oh, I know—Heaven." Stephen stripped off his guernsey and wrapped it about the child. His eyes shone brightly, his mouth was parched, but he did not fliTirli All thoughts, save one thought, had faded from his view. As he came to Port Mooar the moon rose, and about the same time the light appeared on Point of Ayre. A little later he saw the twinkle of lesser lights to the south. They were the lights of Laxey, where many happy children gladdened many happy firesides. He looked around. There was not a sail in sight, and not a sound came to his ear over the low murmur of the sea's gentle swell. " Now is the time," he thought. He put in his oars and the boat began to drift. But no, he could not look into the child's eyes And do it. The little one would sleep aoon and then it would be easier done. So he took him in his anus and wrapped him in a piece of sailcloth. " Shut your eyes and sleep, little Sunlocks." " I'm not sleepy, I'm not." Yet soon the httle lids fell, opened again and fell once more, and then suddenly the child started up. " But I haven't said my p'ayers.' " Say them now, little Sunlocks." " Gentle Jesus, meek and mild. Look upon a little child, Guard me while in sleep I lie, Take me to Thy home on—on " " Woald you like to go to Iisaren, littk Sunlocks " No." " Why not?" " 1 want to keep with— 1 with—my fath " The little eyes were closed by this time, and the child was asleep on Stephen's knees. Now was the time—now—now. But 110, it was harder now than ever. Tie little face—so silent, so peaceful— how formidable it was ! The little soft hand in his own big hard palm—how strong and terrible ! Stephen looked down at the child and his bowelsyearaedover it. It cost him a struggle not to loss it; but no, that would only make the task harder. Suddenly a new thought smote him. What had this child done that he should take its lifa ? Who was he that he should rob it of what he could never give it again? By what right did he dare to come between this living soul and heaven ? When did the Almighty God tell him what the afterlife of this babe was to be P Stephen trembled at the thought.. It was like a voice from the skies calling on him to stop, and a hand reaching ont of thera to snatch the child from his grasp. What he had intended to do was not to be ? Heaven had 6et ita face against it! Little Sunlocks was uot to die! Little Sunlocks was to live. Thank God 2 Oh ! Thank God! But late that night, a group of people standing at their doors on the beach at Port Lague saw a tall man in his shirt sleeves go by in the darkness, with a Bleeping child in his arms. The _ man was Stephen Ony, and he was sobbing like a woman whose heart is btoken. The child -was little Sunlocks, and he was being carried bick to his mother's home. The people hailed Stephen and told him that a foreigner from a ship in the bay had been asking for him that evening, They had sent the man ploug b> Port-y-Yulhn. Stephen fauiried home withCear at hia heart. In five'tuShJitei'he waiithsre, and then his tifeV blood ran cold. Hie found the boose empty, except for bis wife, and she lay outstretched on the floor. She was cold—she was dead; and in clay,' on-the wall above ber bead, these words were written In the Icelandic tongue, "So is Patricksen avenged." Avenged! Oh, powers of Heaven, that drive the petty passions of men like dust before yon! CHAPTER YL XHZ UX3XB WOntD OF BOY AJJD OtKL. Three days later the bad lottery of 'Liza Killey's life and death was played out and done. On the morning of the fourth day, some time before the dawn, though the mists were rolling in front of it, Stephen Orry rase in bid silent hut in Port-y-Yullin, lit afire, cooked a hasty meal, wakened, washed, dressed, and fed little Sunlocks, then nailed up the door from the out- side, lifted the child to bis shoulden, and turned hia face towards the south- When he passed through Laxey, ths sun stood high, aad the duet of the roads was being driven in their faces. It Joug past noon when be came to Douglas, and eta little shop by tbaiiarbour bridSehe bought a penny worth of barltycake, gave half to Sunlocks, put the other half into hia pocket, and punhed on with longer strides. The twilight was deepening when tie reachcd Caatteto^n, and there be nqmred for the bouse of the Governor. It was pointed out to bim, and through heavy iron eaten, up a winding car. . bned with «3ms and bordered with da&odus;, be made towards the only door be saw. It woa tha main entrance to Govanmenthpuas, » low broad porch, with-a bench on other «ade, and a crosa-barmd door of knotted oak. Stephen Orry nansed before it, looked id, and then knocked with his bwddm. Hc^wa^aixandtweatyniilas, carrying tibe Add »H "th« way. HewM weary, foot^hmjOTMacorered witb dust. Tbe chOdoii hu dwuMi* Vros berimed and dirty, OmnoE. fftofoofawni tootari^ogtwith pcifle at the bedrag^led man with the child, and asked who he wa*. Stephen told tuB time. The footmanasked where he came from. Stephen answered. Th® footman asked what he came for. Stephen did not reply. Was it for meal ? Stephen shook hia head. Or money r Stephen Jdno. With another glance of surprise the footman shut the door, saying the Governor was at dinner. iephen Ony lowered the little one from hi? shoulder, sat on the bench,'in the porch, placed tin child on bis knee, and gave htui the remainder of the barley cake. All the weary journey through be had been patient and " erfoJ, the brave little man, never once crying aloud at the pains of bis long ride, never once whimpering at the dust that Minded hia, or the beat that made him thirsty. Holding on at his father's cap, he had laughed an ieuug even with the channels still wet ou his where the big drops bad rolled from Lu tT« to bis (bin. little Sunlocks munched at his barley take in eilenoe, »ml in the gathering darkness Stephen watched him as he ate. All at once a silvery peal of child's laughter came from within the house, and little Sunlocks dropped the bailey cake from his mouth to listen." Again it came; and the griiiiy face of little Sunlocks lightened to asmila, ani that of StepheifcOrrv lowered and fell. " Wouldn't you like to live in a house like this, little Sunlocks ?" Yes—with my father." Just then tbedaxkdooropened again, and the footman with a taper in l is band, came out to lightthe lamp in the porch. " What, here Btill r" he said. I'm waiting to eee the Governor,"' Stephen Orry answered. The the footman went in and told the Governor that a big man and a child were sitting in the porch, faulting some foreign lingo together, and cefuongto go away without seeing his Excdthan Adam Fairbrotber was at tire dinnar-table, enveloped in tobacco clouds. His wife. Ruth, had drawn her chair aside that she might knit. Stephen Orry entered slowly with little Sunlocks by the hand. " This is the person, your Eseollency," said the footman. « Come in, Stephen Ony," said the Governor. Stephen Orry's face softened at that word of welcome. The footman's dropped and he disappeared. Then Stephen told his errand. " I shall come to have give you something," he said trying to speak iu Finnish. Adam's wife raised her eyes and glanced ova 1 him. Adam himself laid down his pipe and held out bis hand towards Sunlocks. But Stephen held the child back a moment and spoke It's all I shall have got to give," he " What is it ?" said Adam. The child," said Stephen, and passed little j Sunlocks to Adam's outstretched hand. At that Adam's wife dropped her knitting to her lap, but Stephen eeei^ nothing of the amazement . written . in . herf^e, .. .. went >. on r in his 1 - broken words to tell them all—of wife's life, her death, his own sore temptation, arid the voice out of heaven that bad called to And thea with moistened eye and a glance 'at Sunlocks, and in a lower tone as if fearing tbe child might hear, he spoke of what be meant to do now—of how be would go back to the herrings, and maybe to sea, or perhaps down into the mines, but never again to Port-y- Vullin. And because a lone man was no company for a child, and could not take a little one with bim if he would, he had come to it at last that he must needs part with little Sunlocks, lending bim, or maybe giving, to someone he could trust. And so," be said huskily, " I shall say to me often aud often, ' The Governor is a good man and kind to me long, long ago, and I shall give little Sunlocks to him.' " He had dropped hia head mm m ore as ue epoke, and beiu^ now finished he stoodfumbling his 6craggy goatskin cap. Then Adam's wife, who had listened in mute surprise, drew herself up, took a long breath, looked first at Stephen, then at Adam, then back at Stephen, and said in a bated whisper : " Well, did any living soul ever hear the like in this island before r" Not rightly understanding what this might poor Stephen looked bick at her in his weak, dazed way, but made her uo answer. " Children might be scarce," she said, and gave a little angry toss of her head. Still the meaning of what she said had not worked its way through Stephen's slow wit, and lie mumbled in his poor blundering fashion: " He is all I have, ma'am." " Lord-a-massy, man," she cried sbarjilr, " bat we might have every child in the parish at your price." Stephen's feigers now clutched at his cap, his parted lips quivered, and again he lloundtre-i out, stammering like an idiot: " But I love him, mi'am, more than all the world." "Thea I'll thank you to keep hid." she SI.IIS-'-»j:--J. ho*I;- : aul aft-c f!ul i ; iere a (le&d; silence for & moiueiit. In all Stephen's reckoning nevt r once had he eeuu<«;d on this—th-it a:' 4 or U-- 5>.td hroujAt himself to tkatbore piss, at wLic.li hv cJuiJ [j-ii u with Sunlocks, and turn bis back on hi;a, never more to be cheered by his sunny face and merry tongue, never again to be wakened by him in the morning, n'.'.ver to listen to his gentle breathing i:i >hc night, never to feed him and wusli hii:i, never to carry him shoulder high—any human creature could say no to him from thought of the littis food he would eat or the little trouble he would ask. Stephen stood a moment, with his poor bewildered, stupefied face hung down, and the great lumps surgiug hot in his throat, and then, without a word uiore, he stretched out his hand towards the child. But all this time Adam had looked on with swimming eyes, and now he drew little Sunlocks yet closer between his knees, aud said, quietly: " Euth, we are going to keep the little one. Two faggots will burn betEtrr lii ni "ii-f, iuid this sweet boy will be company for our little Greeba." "Adam," she cried, "haven't youchil-lren enough of vour own, but you must nee Is take other folks*' ?" Huth," he answered, " I have six sons, and if they had been twelve, psrliaus, f should have been better pleased, so they had all baenas strong and hearty ; and I have one daughter, and if there had liesn two it would hare suited mc as well." Now the ra nour of Stephen Orry's former marriage, which 'Liza had so zealously set afoot, hod readied Government-house by way of Lague, and while Stephen bad spoken Adam had remembered the sUny. and thinking of it ie had smoothed Uie hc-a.1 of little Sunlocks with a yet tenderer band. Bat Adam's wife, recalling : it now, said warmly : " Maybe yon think it wise to bring up your daughter with the merry-iwgot of aay lagabash that-ramea prowling along town gwodnesa kno ws where." . .,.-'- ' • " iioUi," said Adam, as quietly as before, "weare going to keq> the little oue," and at that his wife rose and walkdd out of the room. Tbe look of bewilderment had not yet been driven from Stephen Orry's face by the expression of joy that bad followed it, and now be stood glancing from Adam to the door and from the door to Adam, as much as to eay, if bis coming had brought strife be was ready to go. But the Governor waved . bis band, as though following bis thought and dismissing it. Then lifting the child to his knee, be asked liis name, whereupon tbe little man answered promptly that bis name was Sunlocks. " Michael," said Stephen Orry; "but I call bim Sunlocks.'" " Michael Sunlocks—a good ^une, too. And what Ie bis age F" " Four years." . " Just the age of my own darling," said tiie Governor; and setting the child on bis feet, he rang the bell and said, " Bring little Greeba bere." A minute latter a little brown-baired lassie, with ruddy cheeks and , taujbmg bps and eparfcUuj» brown eyes, came raring into the room. She was in ber night-gown, ready for bed, her feet were bare, and under one arm she carried a doll. "Come here.Greeba veg," said the Governor, and be brought the children face to face, and tben stood aside to watch ihsm. mitiden'a direst wrath, and the blank astonish-. merit of little Sunlocks. But before the tear-drop of vexation was yet •iry on Greebs'e face, or the silent bewilderment had gone fr-jm the face of Sunlocks, she was holding out ber doQ in a sidelong way in bis direction, as much as to say be might looSt at it if he liked, only be most not think that she was asking him ; and he, nothing loth for her fierce reception of his gallant fender, was devouring the strange sight with eyes full of awe. Thea followed some short inarticulate chirps, and the doll was passed to Sunlocks, who turned the strange thin"—such as eyes of his Iiad.never bsheld—over aim over &a;l over, while the little woman brought out from dark comers of fee room, and from carious recesses unknown save to her own bands and knees, a slate with a pencil and sponge tied to it by a string, a picture-book whereof the binding buag loose, some bits of ribbon, red and blue, and finally three tiny «ups and saucers with all the accompanying wonder of cream-jng and tea-pot. In three minutes mor^ two little" Twcfcs wcra drting oa their haunclies, two little tongues _ were cackling and gobbling, the room was rippling over with a merry twitter, the strange serious air was goae from th? little faces, the little ;.ian and the little maid were far away already in She little world of childhood, aai :ill the universe beside was gone, and lost and forgotten, Stephen Orry bad looked* -down from his great'height at the encounter on the floor, and his doll, slow eyes had tilled, for in some way that hs could not follow there had coine to him at that sweet right the sime deep yearning that had pained him in the boat. And seeing how little Sunlocks was rapt, Stephen straggled hard with himself and said, turning to th« Governor: •' Sow's the time for me to slip away." Then they left ths room, unnoticed of the bay people on the floor. Two bouts later, after little Sunlocks, having first missed bis fattier, his life's friend and only companion, bad. cried a little, and sooncsasedj to ciyottt of joy of his new comradeship, and* had then nestled down his sunny head ou the pillow where little Greeba's enriy doll also lay, with the doll between bim and bsr, and some marbles in his hand to comfort bis heart. Stephen Orry, unable to drag himself away, was tramping the dark roads about the house. He went off at length, and was seen no more at Castletown for many years there liter. Now this adoption of little Sunlocks into the family of the Governor was an incident that produced many effects, and the first of them was the serious estrangement of Adam and his wife Jvcver had two persons of temperaments so op po=ed lived 60 long in outward harmony. Her face, like some mountain country, reven-led its before and after. Its spring mast have been keen and eager, its summer was overcast, and its winter would be cold aad frozen. Shs was not a Mans woman, but came of a family of French refugess, settled aa advocates oil the north of the island. Alwavs vain of sho-vr. she had married in her early womanhood, when Adam Fairbrother was neivly returned from Barbary, and his adventures abroad were.the f ™ ^ { ' J l /"flf 1 ^ (1 rnniiimr disappointed 'n 1 her lip nilR ambition nfa at the outset !il> by in;o the ruts of a homely life. Only (hil once "had she lifted him ont of them, and that was after twenty years, when the whim and wisdom of the duke had led him to visit Lague ; and then her impatience, her importunity, her fuss and flurry, and appeals in the name of their children, had made him governor. Meantime, she had borne him six sons in rapid succession during the first ten years of marriage, and after an interval of ten other years she bad borne a daughter. Four and twenty years the good man lived at peace with her, drained of his serenity by her restlessness, and of his unselfishness by her seli-seeking. With a wise contempt of trifles, he had kept peace over little things, and the island had long amused itself about his pliant disposition, but now that for the first time he proved unyielding, the island said he was wrong. To adopt a child against the wish of his wife, to take into his family the waif of a drunken woman and an idle foreigner, was an act of stubborn injustice aud folly. But Adam held to bis purpose, and Michael Sunlocks remained at Governmentbouse. A year passed, and Sunlocks was transformed. Is o one would have recognised him. The day his father brought him he had been pale under the dust that covered him; he had been timid and had trembled, and his eyes had looked startled, as though he had already been beaten and cuffed and scolded. A chill, like a fovrcr, takes the colour Of the air it breathes, and Sunlocks Lad not been too young to feel the grimy cold oi the atmosphere in which he had been. bora. But now he had opened like a rose to the sun, aud his cheeks were ruddy and his eyes were bright. Hie had become {dump and round and sturdy, and his hair had curled around his head and grown yet warmer of hue, like the plumes of a bird in the love season. And, like a bird, he chirrupped the long day tiirougli; skipping and tripping aud laughing and singing sZil over the laou^t-. iaolised bj some, bilovea by many, caressed by all, even winning upon Mrs. Fa.iri>r;ithjr herself, who, whatever her o'ujectii-n to hia presence, bad not yet st-Jeled hers-.-lf figaicsl Iils sweetness. Another yeir passed, and the children grew together—.Sunlocks cxi-i tireeb-i., boy and girl, '••nt'iuie jiii-1 sister—in the *exl«&t; counnuniou ot healthy childhood, with their little whiias, their little ways, their little tisfs. aad with the i'-tlr- : T-:THAT OVEREAT AND Sunlocks picked up his Engii»li words aj fast as be jacked shells on the beicii, gathering tkeru on his toc;rue as he gathered til a shells into his piaubre, droning the:u aud picking them up again. Vet another year went by, aad then over tbe luminous innocence oi th-i children there crept tha Kid aage trail of £*JX, revealing already their iittj.3 diilsi'iiiie-ci oi character, and showing what they wcr - to be in days to come—the little maid, quick, ur^cat, impulsive, and vain ; the little man, quiet, unsciuoii. and j-alisiit, but liable to outbursts of temper. A' fourth year pamsL aad then the little people were parted. The duchess came from London, where her nights had no repose and her days no fn--sl:ne£s, to get back a little ui the colour of the sun into hsr pallid cheeks, and driving one day from. Mount Murray to Govei niaeiit-house she lit oa Greelsa in the road outside Castletown. It was enmm&r;, and tbe iittle miideii of light, bright us tl,« sunlight that glistened on her head, tier cheeks all {link aad white, her eyes sparkling under her dari lashes, her brown hiir rippling behind her, her frock tucked up in cslivviie fashion, her legs lure, and her white linen Eun- boiuiit swinging in her hand, was chasing a butterfly ainid the yeliowtipped gorse that grew by the road aide. That vision of beauty and health awakened a memory of less charm and freshness. Ths duchess remembered a little maiden of her own who was also eight years old, dainty aud pretty, but pale and sickly, peaked up ui a chill etoue house in London, playing alone with bows and ribbons, talking to herself, and having no companion except a fidgetty French governess, who was wrinkled aud had lost some of her teeth. A few days later the duchess came again to Government house, brought a gay new bat for Greeba, and proposed that the little maid should go borne with ber as playfellow for her only child. ' Adam promptly said " No" to ber pajjposali-wilbjwiftait would W vum permit, yr.1 > urging thai — Greeba, —: • 1 —" -:ij ~ — much younger than her brothers, was like sn only child in the family, aud that ehe was in any case an only daughter. Bat Adam's wife, thinking she saw her . opportunity, found many reasons why Greeba should be allowed to go. For would it be right to cross the wish of so great a lady—and one, too, who was in a sense their mistress also. Arid then who could say what the duchess might do for the child some day ?—and in any event wasn't it a chancs for which anybody else in the island would give both his ears to hava bis daughter brought up in London, and at the great boose of tbe Duke of Athol r The end of it was that Adam yielded to his wife now, as he had often yielded before. But I'll sadly inks my little lassie," be said, and X much misdoubt but I'll repent me of Vet, while Adam shook his head aad looked troubled, the little maid herself was in an ecstasy of delight. " And would yon really like to go to Lsndon, Greeba <ven i n . " But should I see the carriages, and the ladies cm horseback, aad the chops, and the little girls In velvet—should —1—sh-nU I, I «h S^ V" Mayb rbe so, my veen, maybe su." OhI' Tbe litHo maid gave one glance at the infinite splendour of ber new bow and feather, and ber dark eyes spac&ed;, while the e^-es of her father filled. , " But not Michael Sunlocks, yon know, Greeba lei; no, nor mother, nor father." At that word there was a pretty downward curve of tbe iittle lip; bat life bad no real sorrow for one with such a bat and such a and tbe nest instant the brightens captagxin to the l&iping; heart. " Then run away, Greeba rai—run." The little maiden toother father at bis word, though it was \--•—••- tntsai off in chsae of Midiari tdl him the great ^ and bounded that she might gbe found him by the old woodau bridge of the Sflver Bum near &e; MjdewChnrch. HichadSanlodca bad labdy siztidc npafast fcieoddnp with the carrier, old craiy " A'Kilbrr. iwbo " - " lent bhn his " Xor * Site. Bareheaded, barefooted, breeches roiled up above the knees, his shoes . and stockings swung about bis meek, and lus wavy, yellow hair rough and tangled, 3Cchasl Sanlocks was now seated barebicfcsd on this donkey, tugging tbe rope that served it for carb and snaffle, and persuading it by the help of a blackthorn stick to cram the river to tbe meadow opposite. And it was just wrhfcn the donkey, a creature of becoming meekn«cs and most venerable age, was reflecting m these arguments, and contemplating tbe water at his siloes with a pensive eye, that Greeba, radiant in the happiness of ber marvellous hat, came slapping onto the bridge. lit a moment she Untied out ber news between many gusts of breath, and Michael Sonlocks, pausing from his labours, sat on bis dotsle beast, and looked up at her with great wonder in his wide blue eyes. " And I shall eee the carriages, anil the dies on horseback, and tbe ships, and ths waxworks, aad the wild beasts." The eyes of Sunlocks grew hazy and wet, but tl;e littie maiden rattled en, cocking her eye down as she spoke at har reflection in the smooth river, for it took a world of glances to £rrow familiar with the marvel that sat ou lierhead. 'And I shall wear velvet frocks, and have new hats often, and lots of goodies and thiogj ; and—and didn't I always say a good fairy -woald come for me some day.*' " What are tilting of, you silly:"' said Michael Sunlocks. I'm not a silly, and I'm going away, and von are not; and 1*11 have girl3 to play with now, uc-t bors—ther- "* Michael Sunlocks ere? overflowed, said: " What do I care, yon stupid ? You can go, if yon like," and then down came bis stick with a sounding thwack cm tbe donkey's Sank. Now, startled oat of aU composure by such sadden and summary address, tbe beast threw IpiiBMndei l ^ md aujied^own his " " and tumbled bis ridarlnfo the water. Sanlocks scrambled to his feefc, ail dripping wet. but with eyes aflame and bis little bps set bard, and then laid hold of the raps bridle and tugged with one hand, while with the stick in the other he cudgelled tbe donkey imtilha had forced it to cross the river fCWhile this rough work was going forward, Greeba, who had shrieked at Michael's fell, stood trembling with clasped hands on the bridge, and when all was over, the little man turned to her with high disdain, and said, after a mighty toss of his glistening wet head: " Didyoa think I was drowned, you silly? Whj don't you go, if you sre going ?" Not all the splendour of bow and feather could help the little maiden to withstand iudifierence like this, so her lip fell, and ghe said : " Well, vou needn't say so, if you are glad I'm going." And Sanlocks answered, " Who says Fm glad ? Not that I say I'm not, neither," lie added quickly, leaping astride his heast again. Where'ipon Greeba said, "If j/ewhad been r going away, I should have cried," aod then to save herself from barsting out in his very face, she turned about quickly and fled. " But I'm not each a ally, I'm not," Michael Sunlocks shouted after her, aud then down came another thwack on the donkey, and away he sped across the meadow. But before he had ridden far he draw ran and twisted about, and now blue eyes ivere swimming once more. Greeba," he called, and his little voice broke, but 110 answer came back to him. \ " Greeba," he called again, more loudly, but Greeba did not stop. " Greeba !" he shouted with aU his strength —" Greeba—Greeba ."' But the little maid had gone, and ihrre was no response. The bees were humming in tiie gold of the gorse, aud the fire-flies were burring about the donkey's ears, while the mountains were fading away into a dim wet hare. Half an hour later the carriage of the duchess drove ont through the iron gates of Government-house, and the little maiden seated in it by the side of the stately lady was raying in e voice of child-like grief: " Sunlocks—Sunlocks ! Little Sunlocks !" The advantage which the Governor's wife proposed to herself in parting with her daughter she never gained, and one of the secret ends of her life was thereby not only disappointed but defeated; for while the duchess did nothing for Greeba, the girl's absence from home led Adam to do the more for Michael Sunlocks. Deprived of his immediate object of affection, bis own little maiden, Adam lavished his love on the stranger whom chance had brought to his door; being first prompted thereto by the thought, which came only when it was too late, that in sending Greeba awav to be company to some other child he had left poor little Sunlocks at home to be sole company to himself. But Michael Sunlocks soon won for himself the caresses that were onoe due merely to pity of his loneliness, and Adam's heart went out to him with the strong affection of a father. He throve, he grew—a tall, lithe, roand-limbed Jad, with the smack cf a man in his specch and way;, and all the strong fceiutv of a vigorous woman in his face. Your* £oilowed ytar. his schooldays came aud went, he became more and yet mora the Governor's qnick right hand, his p-n and his memory, eves Lis judgment and the rtaii' he leaned on. It was "Michael Sanlocks" here.aud-' MichaelSanlocVs" there, and Micii-iel Sunlocks will see to that," and -• You may }•.- -.ve it to Michael Sunlocks/' and mean" i:i>e the comely and wiiiSume lad, wirh a man's sturdy inJe^ui r. of spirit, but a Wuinari's yeaxnuig tor ijve. ii :ving long found wiiere this account lay in ii.-; house «£ Governor I\iirbr»ilier, clung to that g--od man with iaor=» tain the aSectiou. because less than the confidence, of a son, and like a san Le stood to hiiii. Now. for one who found this relation 6^-eet and beautiful, there were many who io.i:id it falsa t,nd unjust, implying an unnati^ra! preference of a f;:ther for a stranger beiore his own chiitUtsi; uad foremost among these ijho t'>ok this unfavourable view were F.nr'nroiher aad her so as. blamed her huili^s.-i -'nd thev blamed Michael Stmloeks. The tis sons of A<Um Fairbroliicr l-.id grown inio 4s rude men, all big, lusty feilmva, rough and hraigry, seared aa-i seamed, lik-; Liie land they lived ou, but diSaiug much at many points. Asher, the eldest, threa and thirty when Sanlocks was fifteen, was fair, with grey eyes, flabby face, and no ciiin to s:>aak or, goodhearted, but unstable as water. He was for letting the old uiaa and the ltd a.lo:.e. " Aisy, man, aisy, what's the odtls 'i ' be would say, in Ms drawling way of speikinj. But Uos-. the esconlnau, and Steaa, theiliind, hoik cruel, and hot-blooded men,reproachedk-hii" with not objecting from the first, for " Och," they *v«o!d sav, "oneof these fine days the sbisi will be wrecked and scuttlad before ver very eyes, and not a pound of cargo left at her; and all along of that cursed young imp that's after smSn.' and eniSIa'abaft of the ould man," a figure of speech which meant that Adam would will bis belongings to Michael Sanlociai. ^Aud at tpat — eoiijectans. Thtiistan, the bearded feJlnw in top blots, always with muijh drinking, but strong of wUi and tho niler of bis brothers, would say " Aw, well, let tha little beach-coluber keep his weather eye lif an'," and Jacob, the fifth soa. santly ILS fox, and as sly and watchful, and Jtihii, tbe youngest, known as Gentleman Johnny, oat of tribute to his love of dress, would shdee thmr heads together, and hint that they would yet find a way to cook the goose of any smoothfaced hypocrite shaming Abrahrain. Many a device they tried to get Zilk- hael SonlocEB turned away. They brought bad stories of his father, Stephen Orry. naw a name of terror to good people from north to south of the island, a secret txaAsi running betvr<«a the revenue cuttirs in tne ports and snii^lexs outside, perhaps a wrecker haunting the rough channels of tiie Calf, aa outlaw growing rich by crime, and maybe by blood. The evfl mmouis made no impression ou old Adam, but theyprodnoed a powerful effect where no cSect had bees expected. Bit by bit, bis heart went out to tbe Governor, there grew upon Mkhad Sanlocks a deep loathing of ths very name and thought of bis Esther. Tbe memory if his father was now a thing of tbe mind, not tbe affections, ' and tbe chain of the two emotions, love for bis foster father and dread of his natural one, s'owly but surely rigbteaed about him,so that his strongest hope was that he might never again set eyes on Stephen Orrv. By this weakness he feT- again at length into the bands of thesiiFairijrothjrs, aud lei the way to a total ruptu re of old Adam's familf. (TO aa «wnsm£>.) 