CABL IH INTELLIGENCE s. m. herald's special correspondent London, March 13. The Glen and Otto tin mine has been sold for £26,000. The put chase, however, is subject to a report by English mining experts. Madame Melba (Mrs. Armstrong), the Aus- tralian soprano, has been engaged for tne forth- comipg Italian opera season at Drury Lane Theatre. Robert Dennis has sued Mr. Henniker Hea- ton, M. P. for. Canterbury, for the recovery of £500, alleged to be due to plaintiff for writing speeches, articles in the National R. view, and letters to the Times, against the Postmaster- General (Right Hon. H. C. Rnikes) from : S35 to 1S8S, also his statement read before the Colonial Conlerence, and for acting as Henniker Heaton's "ghost." The action' has been settled by pay ment of £400, and £200 costs, to plaintiff. London, March 14 At the sitting of the 2Y/«rj-P.irnell Commission to-day, George Mulqueeny deposed that the knives used by the assassins of Lord Frederick' Cavendish and Mr. Burke, in the Phoenix Park, Dublin, were exhibited previously to the offence in the offices of the National League at West minster.. The witness also confirmed the state ment of the payment of £100 by Mr. Parnell to Byrne. \- i I Lord Knutsford, Secretary of State for the Colonies, said that he was convinced that much beyond mere sentiment bound the colonies to England. . In the House ot Commons the. Right Hon. John George Shaw-Lefevre, M. P. for Bradfu'd. has given notice of his intention to ask. the Right Hon. VV. H. Smith, First Lord of the Treasury, whether the refusal of Queensland to contribute to the cost of maintaining the Australian - auxi liary squadron, releases the other colonies from their responsibility; and also whether England j will have to bear Queensland's share of the cost. I London, March 16 ; | The election for the vacant seat for Kenning- j ton in the House of Commons, caused by the resignation of Mr. R. Gent-Davis, took place ' yesterday. It resulted in the return of Mr. j Mark H. Beaufoy, the Gladstonian Liberal can- I didate, .'defeating Mr. Bereslord Hope, who stood in the Conservative interest, by a majority of 630. | 