JESS, Br H. EIDER HAGGAUD, CHAPTER XXXIII. VENGEAirCF. For three or four minutes more they whispered together, after which the Hottentot rose to go and find out how things wore among the Boers below, and see when Frank Muller retired to his tent. As soon as he had marked him down he was to come back and rtt[!Orif LO O Una, HUU blltiU UUC U11UL BLU^JS were to be decided on. When he was gone Jess gave a sigh of relief. This stirring up of Jantje to tho boiling point of vengeance had been a drealful thing to nurvo herself to do, but noiv at any rate it was done and the deed settled upon. But what the end of it would be none could say. She would pr.actica.Uy be a murdsress, and she felt that sooner or later her guilt would find her out, and then she would have little mercy to hope for. Still she had no scruples, for atter all Frank Muller's would be a well-merited doom. But when all was said and don ?, it '.vas a dreadful thing to be forced to steep her hands in blood, even for Bessie's sake. If Muller was slain Bessie would marry John, provided John escaped from the Boers, and bo hahpy, but what would become of her? Robbed of her love and with this crime upon her mind, what could she do even if she escaped — except die 1 It would be better to die and never see him again, for her sorrow and her shame were more than she could bear. And then she began to think of John till all her poor bruised heart seemed to go out towards him. Bessie could never love him as she did, she felt sure of that, and yet Bessie was to have him by hor all her life, and she — 3he was to go away. Then at any rate she would have behaved like an honourable woman. She sat up and put her hands to her face. It was burning hot though she was wet through, and chilled to the bone -vith the raw damp of the night. A fierce fever of mind and body had taken hold of her, worn out as she was with emotion, hunger, and protracted exposure. But her brain was clear enough! she never remembered its being so clear before. Every thought that came into her mind seemed to present itself with startling vividness, standing out along a black backnoss of nothingness, so softened and shaded down one into another as thoughts generally are. She seemed go see her self wandering away — alone, utterly alone, alone for ever ! — while in the far distance John stood holding Bessie by the hand and gazing after her regretfully. Well, she would write to him, siuce it must be so, and bid him one word of farewell. The could not go without it. Sho had a pencil, and in the breast of her dress the Boor pass, tho back of which, stained as it was with water, would serve the purpose of paper. Sho drew it out and, bending forward cowards the light, placed it on her knoes. 'Good-bye,' she wrote, 'good-bye! We caa never meet again, and it is betler that we uever should in this world. Whother there is another I do not know. If there is I shall wait for': you there if I have to wait ten thousand years. If not, then good-bye for ever. Think of mo sometimes, far I have loved you dearly, as nobody will ever love you again ; and while I live in this or'any other world and am myself, I shall always love you and you only. Don't forget mo. I never shall be really dead to you until I am forgotten. — J.' ' Sne lifted the paper off hor knee, and without rereading what she had written, pushed the pass back into her bosom and was soon lost in thought. Ten minutes later Jantje came creeping into where sho sat like a great snake in human form, his yellow face shining with the raindrops. ? Well,' whispered Jess, looking up with a start, ' have you done it V ' No, tnissie, no. Baas Frank has but now gone to his tent. He has been talking to the clergyman, something about ' Mtssio Bessie. I doa'fc know what;. I was noar, but he talked low, and I could only hear the. name.' ' Have the Boors all gone to sleep V ' All, Missie, except the sentries.' ' Is there a sentry before Bass Frank's tent?' ? ' No, '/Missis, there is nobody near.' ' What is tho time, Jantjo V . ' About throe hours and a half after sundown' (half-past ten). 'Let us wait half '.an hour, and then you must go.' Accordiugly they sat in silence. In silence they sat facing eaoh other and their own thoughts. Presently Jantje broke it by drawing the big white handled knife and commencing to sharpen it on a piece of leather. ?The sight made Jess feel sick. 'Put that knife up,' she said quickly, ' it is sharp enough.' Jantje obeyed with a feeble grin, and the minutes passed on heavily. ' Now, Jantje,' she said at length, speaking huskily in her struggle to overcome the spasmodic contractions of her throat, ' it is time for to go.' ' The Hottentst fidgeted about, and at last spoko. ' Missie must come with me !' 'Come with you!' answered Jes3 with a start, ' why ?' ' Because tho ghost of the old Englishwoman will be after me if I go alone.' ' You fool !' said Jess angrily ; and thenrecollecting herself, added, ' Come be a man, Jantje ; think of your father and mother, and be a man.1 « I am a man, ' he answered sulkily, ' and 1 will kill him like a man, but what good is a man against the ghost of a dead Englishwoman ? i£ I put the knife into her she will only make faces ana nre wouta come out oi tne noie. I will not go without you, Missie.' ' You must go,' she said fiercely ; 'you shall go !' ' No, Missio, I will not go alone,' he answered. Jess looked at him and saw that he meant what he said. He was getting sulky, and the worst dispositioned donkey in the world is far, far easier to deal with than a sulky Hottentot. She must either give up the project or go with the man. Well, she was equally guilty one way or the other, and was really altno3t callous about being detected, so she might as well go. She had no power left to make fresh plaus. Her mind seemed to be ex hausted. Only she must keep out of the way at the last. She could not bear to be near then. ' Well,' she said, ' I will go with you Jantje.' ' Good, Missie, tbat is all right now. You can keep off the ghost of the dead l'inglishworaan while I kill Baa3 Frank Bat first he must be fast asleep. Fast, fast asleep.' Then slowly and with the uttermost caution they once more crept down the hill. This time there was no light to be seen in the direction of the waggon house, and no sound to be heard ex cept the regular tramp of the sentries. But their business did not lie in the direction of tha wac;g;on-house ; they left that on their right, and curved round toward the blue gum avenue. When they got nearly opposite to the first tree they halted in a patch of stones, and Jantje went forward to reconnoitre. Presently he returned with the intelligence that all the Boers who were with the waggon had gone to sleep, but that Muiler was still sitting in his tant thinking. Then they crept on, perfectly sure that if they were not heard they would not be seen, curtained as they were by the dense mist and darkness. At length they reached the bole of the first big gum tree. Five paces from this tree Frank Muller's tent was .pitched. It had a light in it which, caused the wet tent to glow in the mist, as though it had been rubbed with phosphorus, and on this lurid canvas the shadow of Frank Muller was gigantically .limaed. He was so placed that the light cast a magnified reflection of his every feature and oven of his expression upon the screan before them. The attitude in which he was seated was his favourite one when he was plunged in thought, his hands resting on his knees and his gaze fixed on vacancy. He was think ing of his triumph, and oi all that he had goue through to win it, and of all that it would bring him. He held tho trump cards now, and the game was in his own hand. He had triumphed, and yefc over him hung the shadow of that curse that dogs the presence of our accomplished desires. Too often, even with the innocent, does the seed of our destruction lurk in the rich blossom of our hopes, and much more is this so with the guilty. Somehow this thought was present in his mind to-night, and in a rough half-educated way he graspod its truth. Once more the saying of the old Boer general rose in his mind: 'I believe that there is a God — I believe that God Bets a limit to a man's doings. If he is going too far, G-od kills him. What a dreadful thing ifc would be if the old fool wero right after all ! Supposing that there wore a God, and 3-od were to kill Mm to-night, and hurry off his soul, if he had one, to some dim place of unending fear ! All his superstitions awoke at the thought, and he shivered ? so violently that the shadow of the shiver caused the out lines of the gigantic form upon the canvas to tremble up and down. Then, rising with an angry curse, he hastily threw off his outer clothing, and having turned down but not ex tinguished the rough paraffine lamp, flung himself upon the little camp bedstead, which creaked and groaned beneath his weight like it thing in pain. Then caino silence, only broken by the drip, drip, of the ram from the gum leaves overhead, and the rattliug of tho boughs ivhonever a, breath of air stirred them, Ifc was an eerie and depressing night, a night that might well have tried the nerves of any strong man who, wet through and worn out, had been obliged to crouch upon tho open and onduro it. How much more awful 'was it then to the unfortunate woman who, half broken hearted, fovoi'-strickon, and well-nigh crazed with suffering of mind and body waited in it to see ? murder 'done 1 Slowly the minutes passed, and afc every raindrop or rustle of a bough her guilty consciencn summoned up a host of- fears. But by tho more power of hor will .-die kept, thora down. Sho wouM go through with it. Yea, she would go through with it. Surely. he must be asleep by now ! They crept up to the tent and placed their eara within two inches of his head. Yee, he was asleep ; the sound of his breathing rose and fell with the regularity of an infant's. Jess turned round and touohed her companion upon the shoulder. ? He did not move, but she felt that his arm was shaking. ' JVbie,' she whispered. Still he hung back. It wa3 evident to her that the loug waiting had taken the courage out of him. ' Be a man,' she whispered again, so low that the sound scarcely reached his ear* although her lips were almost touching them, 'go, and mind you strike home?' Then at last she heard him softly draw the knife from the sheath, and in another second he had glided from her side. Presently she saw the lino of light that cut out upon the darkness through the opening of the tent broaded a little, and by that she knew that he was creeeping in unon his dreadful errand. Then she turned her head and put her fingers in her ears. But even so she could see a long line of shadow travelling across the skirt of the tent. So she shut her eyes also, and waited sick at heart, for she did not dare to move. Presently — it might have been five minutes or only half a minutes or only half a minute afterwards, for she had lost count of time — she felt somebody touch her on the arm. It was Jantje. 'Is it done?' she whispered again. He shook his head and drew her away from the tent. In going her foot caught in one of the guide-ropes and shook it slightly. ' I did not do it, Missie,' he said. ' Ho is asleep and looks just like a child. When I lifted tho knife ho smiled in his sleep and all the strength went out of my arm, so that I could not strike. And then before I could get strong again the spook of the old back, and I ran away.' If a look could have blasted a human being Jantje would assuredly have been blasted then. The man's cowar dice made her mad, baf whilst she still choked with wrath a duiker buck, j which had come down from its stony homo to feed upon rose bushes, sud denly sprung with a crash almost from their feet, passing away like a grey gleam into the utter darkness. Jess started and thnn recovered her herself, guessing what it was, but the miserable Hottentot was overcome i with terror, and fell upon the ground 1 groaning out that it was tho spook of the old Englishwoman. ITe had dropped the knito as lie tell, and Jess, seeing the imminent peril in which they were placed, knelt down, picked it up, and hissed into his ear that if he was not quiet she would kill him. This pacified him a little, but no earthly power could persuade him to enter the tent again. What was to be dono ? What could she do? For two minutes or more she buried her face in her wet hands and thought wildly and despairingly. Then a dark and dreadful determin ation entered her mind. The man Muller should not escape. Bessie should not be sacrificed to him. Rather than that, she would do the deed her self. Without a word she rose, animated by the tragic agony of her purpose and the force of her despair, and glided towards the tent, the great knife in her hand. Now, ah ! all too soon, she was inside of it and stood for a second to allow her eyes to grow accustomed to the light. Presently she began to see; first, the outline of the bed, then the outline of the manly form stretched upon it, then both bed and man dis tinctly. Jantje had said that he was sleeping like a child. He might havo Deen ; now ne was nov. un tme con trary, his face was convulsed like the faco of one in an extremity of fear, and great beads of sweat stood upon his brow. It was as though he knew his danger, and was yet utterly powerless it avoid it. He lay on his back. One heavy arm, his left, hung over the side of the bed, the knuckles of the hand resting on the ground ; the other was thrown back, and his head was pillowed upon it. The clothing had slipped down from his throat and massive chest, which were quite bare. Jess stood and gazed. ' For Bessie's sake, for Bessie's sake V she murmured, and then impelled by a force that seemed to movo of itself she crept slowly, slowly, to tho right- hand side oE the bod. At this moment the man woke, and his opening eyes fell upon her face. Whatover his dream had been, what he now saw was far more terrible, for bendiag over him was the gliost of the woman he had murdered in the Vaal ! There she was, risen from the river grave, torn, dishevelled, water yet dripping from her bands and haic. Those sunk and marble cheeks, those dreadful flaming eyes could belong to no human being, but only to a spirit. It was tho spirit of Jess Croft, of tho woman whom he had murdered, come back to tell him that there '.was a living vengeance and a hell ! ; Their eyes met, and no creature will ever know tho agony of terror that he tasted before an end came. Sho''' Baw his face sink in and turn nsbon grey while the cold sweat ran from every pore. He was awake, but foar paralysed him, he could not speak or. move. He was awake, and she could hesit ate no more. . ; . V lie must have seen tho flush of tbe falling steel; and — ?'- U 'I- Siio was outsido the ton fc again; -tho red Unifo.iu hor hand.' She fluug, tho njuoursod thing from hor. That shriek must have awakened every soul within a; mile. Already sho could faintly hoar tho stir of men down by,i;,the waggon,, and! the patter of the feet' of Jantje running for his life. Then she too turned, and fled straight up the hill. She knew not whither, she cared not where ! None saw her or followed her, the hunt had broken away to the loft after Jantje. Her heart was lead and her brain a rock ing sea of fire, whilst before her, and behind her yelled all the con- i science-created furies that run murder to his lair. On she flew, one sight only before,. her eyes, one sound only in her earaj *. on over the hill, far into the rain an&M; night ! ; . ; . ; ; ;. (2b be Oontinued.) 