BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. " The city of churches," as our sister city of Brooklyn is called, was considerably startled last week by the report of the City Missionary -the Rev. Mr. Bainbridge, to find that she was not only not the City of Churches, but if the Rev. Mr. Bainbridge is not very much mistaken was by no means distantly related to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Its title to the City of Churchesis exploded for ever. There are bet ween seven and eight hundred thousand people in the City of Brooklyn- It is the third city of the TJniou to-day, and it will not be many years when in point of pop ulation and manufactures it will be the first, but if every church in the city of Brooklyn were crammed to its utmost capacity, the en tire seating and stauding room in all the churcheB would only accomodate about seventy six thousand, while the average attendance in all the churches, exclusive of the Catholic churches, is about thirty-six thousand in a population of between seven and eight hundred thous and. And the financial condition of the churches that are already in existence is one of constant trouble, care and anxiety, the majority of them begging to keep the Sheriff from the door, the mortgages on church property amounting to nearly four millions of dollars, and this too when they are entirely exempted from taxation. While the Protes tant churches are many of them almost deser ted, the Catholic churches are crammed to overflowing; three and four services every Sunday morning, commencing at six o'clock in the morning and continuing till the high mass at half-past ten or eleven. And it was not the scarcity of church accommodation that called forth Mr. Bainbridge's heavy condem nation, but the entire community was shocked and grieved by the assertion that the fallen women of New York city were largely recruited from Erookiya. This has aroused the indig nation of Brooklyn's citizens, and in connec tion with the election has helped to make things very lively. The question now being discussed between the newspapers and the missionary is: ought we to build more churches till we can fill those that we have, and is it true that the women of Brooklyn are any worse or as bad as their neighbours? Doctor Talmage has no difficulty in filling his church at every service ; rain or shine, hot 01" cold, summer and winter it is all the same. There must be something radically wrong in the administration of a systen when, out of nearly eight hundred thousand people, only thiHy-sis thousand attend church, and seven hundred thousand are not provided for eveu if they desired to attend. Mr. Bain bridge's declaration in regard to Brooklyn morality has not only thrilled the community but angered it. He has only been resident here a couple of years and his experience is that of a clergyman too ready to accept the reports of irresponsible persons second hand. There are thousands of men in Brooklyn who have resided there all their lives, and whose oppor tunities of judging are infinitely better than those of Mr. Bainbridge, who are willing to testify under oath that the accusations of this over .zealous missionary are not true. From a close observation of years-an observation covering all classes of society which journalism naturally brings a man into contact with, in churches, in jails, on 'Change, in the police courts and in private families,-I consider it for its size one of the most moral and best ordered cities in the world. It is true that occasionally it furnishes the newspapers with some first class sensations, as might naturally be expected where eight hundred thousand people are congregated together; but on the whole, for safety of life and property, for general decency and good order, for average morality and all points that go to make life worth living, Brooklyn, which before many years will be the first city in the land in point of population, will compare favourably with any city in the United States, if not in the world. The other night at twelve o'clock two ladies were arrested on Bleecker-street by a brutal policeman, and hurried o£E to the police station where they were compelled to remain till morning. Bleecker-etreet is not the safest or most savory locality for two women to be found at midnight, for almost the only signs of life to be found there at that time are drunken brawlers returning from a midnight carouse, or thieves on the outlook for prey, or those fallen wonipn, the wretched outcasts whom even the Priest and the Levite pass by. The atmosphere of this entire region exhales a deadly poison that festers with sin and crime. On Mott-street near by is the Central Police Headquarters, yet, under its very eyes are the homes of thieves and harlots, and red-handed murder flourishes before its very door. On Bieeeker- sfreefc was founded the Florence ?mission. It was not intended _as an aid to the pious and (he good that were already re joicing in salvation, but for the moral lepers and outcast sinners tor whom there was no other home, and right here I regret to say that we have in New York lots of religious shams and pious fnuds who have done all they could do to bring religion into contempt. But the Florence mission is not of that class. Founded by a wealthy gentleman by the name of Chittenden, who had been himself saved from a life of dissipation, it labors for that class which all others forsake. In some respects it is the counterpart of Jerry McAulay's mission. Jerry was a con vict and a thief who found Christ, a Saviour, while yet behind prison bare, and who on being released, started 111 to save poor wretches as lost and as sin scarred as himself. Jerry once having firmly planted his feet 011 the Rock of Ages, never went back. Convict and thief as he was, naturally a ruffian and a bruiser, he lived long enough to earn the res pect and love of thousands who knew lnm and his work, and he died lamented by thousands more whom he had raised from lives of degrad ation and ctime, and put in the way of salva tion. Mr. Chittenden's work was like Jerry McAulay's, but their lives were far apart. Mr. Chittenden was born to wealth, but dissipation got the better of him. He was no criminal. When his reformation came he devoted himself to bis present work, and here lie labors for the salvation of these poor wretches night and day. He is not of that goody-goody class of Christians that would beed a naked, hungry sinner with tracts and fibles. He knows how to find them with kindness and charity, if one of these poor waifs is naked he clothes her ; if she is hungry he feeds her; if she is boaeeless he shelters her 'and thus finds the way to her heart. 3To matter how low the harlot is, if she can bo ! eared, be will try to help her and to bear her up. It iB wonderful the work that has been accomplished here. Thousands of women are forced on the street by sheer want, who wonld never be there if they had a living soul to aid I them. Of course the work of this peculiar j mission carries them far into the night, and only last week two ladies who had been assist ing at the mission were assaulted at midnight j by a drunken policeman, dragged to the lockup, 8iid there confined with thieves and I tramps till morning. They were discharged I with profuse apologies next day, but that was a poor compensation for the gross indignity they suffered. The Congregational Council here last week acted most unwisely in reopening the case of the Rev. Frank Decker, wlio a few months ago was expelled from his pulpit for gross im morality. His crime was so manifest and his punishment so just, that at the time the cul prit himself did not dare to question it. Ho had been pastor of the Congregational Church at Greenport, where he had met with phenomenal success. He was not only a brilliant preacher j but he had within him apparently the spirit of an evangelist. His congregation grew apace till it became one of the strongest and most I fashionable in the town. He had a lovely wife, a most estimable lady, and one child. If ever man had an incentive to do right, it was Frank Decker. There was hardly any i thing that he could have asked for in reason that his congregation would not have granted. ! In his flock was a young girl about eighteen I years of age, an orphan whose father at his death left some property. This young girl was a frequent visitor at the pastor's bouse ; by some means he got her completely under his influence, and aided by a member of his congregation whom he promised to help to the ministry, he got the girl to meet him clandes tinely in 2few York and other places and ruined her. At last he was betrayed by his accomplice in crime, and his letters, filled up with religious cant, where he hopes the Lord, will help him to get the girl to New York or Brooklyn, form one of tbe most remarkable and disgusting pages of epistolatory corres pondence ever published. I was in hopes, after the exposure of his sin, that he would have retired to some far off country and there in sackcloth and ashes have repented of of his crime till death. Now, however, I see an effort is being made to reinstate him, to send this wolf in sheep's clothing into the fold again. The Congregational Church, must he badiv in need of preachers if it can find no clerical timber better and sounder than this. Think twice, gentlemen, before you commit this crime. No sermon of Bob Ingersoli's ever hurt the Christian religion half as muck as this blow dealt by its friends in reinstating in the Christian ministry the Rev. Frank Decker. The burial of Li Yu Doo, the leader of the Chinese Black Flags in the great Tai Ping rebellion, brought out our Celestial brothers in full force, and they gave their barbarian cousins an idea Low to conduct a first-class funeral. There is nothing mean about John when ha starts in. It does not matter if it is a funeral or wedding or a pic-nic, when he does, money is no object. So patriotic China-that is Amer ican China, made up its mind to give Li Yu Doo, a good send off, and they did. Around the dead hero were roast pig, rice, sam BOW jams, conserves and other good things, enough to satisfy any reasonable ghost. They gave him a wake that must have made their neigh bors in Little Dublin green with envy. Instead of pipes and tobacco they distributed first class cigars, and other creature comforts wer& not wanting for those who were not allied to the Prohibition Party. Tliey hired half the carriages in town, and they followed the pro cession empty while the mourners went on foot. Strangest of all, despised and per secuted as they are, and coming out of one of the vilest neighborhoods in the city, this curious funeral, the like of which was never seen before, was treated with respect and coi'rtesy by one of the worst crowds that I ever saw ; there was no disturbance, 50 hootiug, no shouting-everything was as orderly and as respectful as if Li Yu Doo was a member of the Prize Ring or a New York Alderman. Li Yu Doo was a mason of high degree, and the square and compasses were the emblems that were buried with him by the Chinese brethren of the mystic tie ; while one on the banners bore this motto 1 We meet upon the level and we part upon the square. While I write the drums are beating, and the streets are filled with shouting thousands, j For who ? Let us wait a few days and see. SANDER & SOKS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT.-Under the distinguished patronage of His Majesty the King of Italy, as per com munication made by tlie Minister for Foreign Affairs, through the Consui-G-eneral for Italy at Melbourne, 14th March, 1878. Awarded Diploma at the Amsterdam Exhibition, 1883. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Univer sities all over the Globe. There are imitations of Eucalypti Extract in the market, products of simple distillation, forming crude resinous oils. I11 order that these crude oils may not be taken for our Pure Volatile Eucalypti Extract, which is recognised by the medical division of the Prussian Gov ernment to be of perfectly pure origin, as per information forwarded to us through the Consul at Melbourne, 2nd March, 1878, we state: It is proved by tests made by tbe Medical 1 Clinics of the Universities ft Bonn andGreifs 1 waJd (Prussia), and reported by Dr. Shu 1z, Professor of Pharmacology at Bonn, and Pro fessor Dr. MosJer, Director of tbe Medical Clinic at Greifsvrald, that only products that are saturated with oxygen and freed of acids pesinous and other substances, adherent to primary distillation, will develop the sanative bualities proper to the plant. All crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts are to be classed according to the named authorities among the turpentines which are of insignifi cant medicinal value, and abandoned long since as an internal medicament. These crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extraot, are dis cernible 1\. By their deficiency in pungent odor (which our product, the only genuine Eucalypti Extract, develops most freely through its surplus of oxygen). 2\. By their alcoholic, thin and mobile ap pearance, being reduced in specific den sity through the presence of acids. 3\. By their taste, the result of the contract ing tendency of resins and tanats. If these crude oils, or so called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in cases of croup, bronchitis, diphtheria, internal inflam mations, dysentery, &c.;, the cousequences are most appalling. For safety sate ask always for Sander & Sons' Eucalypti Extract.-Sand hurst, Victoria, Australia-SANDER & SONS, If you want a delightful drink mix WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS with lemon juice and soda water. When you have tested it you will say you never drank anything as good in the spirit uous line, and you will hare benefited your digestion with one of the finest stomachics in existence. The Schnapps is also a fine diuretic, and counteracts a tendency to gout. "ROUGH OX PILES."-Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. Ask for "Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. The Premier Insect-Destroyer is INSECTI THOBIA.. Insist on having it 11-36 For the Nursery, Fowlynrd, Garden, &e.;, use Insectiphobbia only. It is most re liable. 11-36 