NURNBERGER BAKEREI. . concluded. .During tins period a heavy cloud bung over the Cafe Numberg. Gott- lieu came fitfully to his meals, and when he did come, ate almost nothing. Each day lie grew more and more morose ; each night, when poor Aunt Hedwig wasnot kept awake byherown sorrowful thoughts, her slumbers were broken by hearing her brother pacing heavily the floor of the adjoining room. In some sort he made up for his loss of sleep at night by sleeping of an even ing in the little room back of the shop, falling into restless naps (when he should have been restfully smoking his long pipe), from which he would wake with a start and sometimes with a cry of alarm, and would dart furtive hor rified glances at Aunt Hedwig and Herr Sohnstein, who were doing no thing of a horrifying nature, only sit ting cosily close together, more or less enfolded in each other's arms. It was a little inconsiderate on the part of the lovers, and very hard on Minna, this extremely open love-making ; for Minna's love-making necessarily was ' by fitful snatches amidst the bleak desolations of Tompkins-square. They would try to comfort each other, she and Hans, and they stood cheerlessly under the chill lee of the music-stand ; but their outlook was a dreary one, and their efforts in this direction were not crowned with any great success. Some times as Minna came home again along, the west side' of the square, and saw in Spengler's window tho wreaths of highly artificial immortelles with the word " lluhe " upon them in vivid purple letters she fairly would fall to crying over the thought that until she should, become a fit subject for such a wreath there was small, chance that any real rest would be hers. . However,,! all this is aside from Gottlieb's horrified looks as lie waked from his troubled slumbers — looks .which- would disappear as he becamo thoroughly aroused, but only to return again after his next uneasy nap. One day he startled Aunt Hedwig by ask ing -her if she believed in ghosts- Re membering4 his severe words in con demnation of her casual reference to these supernatural beings, it was with some hesitation that she replied that she did. Still more to her surprise Gottlieb turned away from her hur riedly, yet not so. hurriedly but that she saw a strange, scared look upon his face, and heard a low and trembling voice reply, " And so do I," ' : And how the fact may as well be admitted frankly that a ghost was the disturbing element that was making Gottlieb's life go wrong — that, as there seemed to be every reason to believe, was.liurrying him towards the grave ; for a middle-aged German who refuses to eat, whose regular sleep forsakes him, and who actually gives up smoking, naturally cannot be expected to remain long in this world. It was the ghost of his dead wife. At first she appeared to him only in his dreams, ' standing beside the desk in which he had placed the stolen recipe for making leblcuchen, and holding down the lid of that desk with a firm but diaphanous white hand. Presently she appeared to him quite as clearly in his waking hours. Her fnie still wore an expression at once tender and reproachful, but every day the look of tenderness diminished, while the look of reproach grew stronger and more stern. Each time that he sought to open the desk that he might take thence the. reccipe and make his crime a practical business success the figure assumed an air so cerribly menacing that his heart failed him, and lie gave over the attempt. This, then, was the all-sufficient reason why the good lebkuchen that would have proved Gottlieb a thief was not for sale at the Cafe Nurnberg, and this was the reason why Gottleib himself, broken down by loss of food and sleep and by the nervous wear and tear incident to forced companionship with an angry ghost, was drawing each day nearer and nearer to that dark portal through which bakers and all other people pass hence into the shadowy region whence there is no return. Gottlieb Brekel never had been an especially pious man. As became a reputable Gorman citizen, he had paid regularly the rent of a pew in tho church of tho Roclemptorist Fathers in Third-street, but excepting on such high feasts as Christmas and Easter he usually had been content to occupy it and to discharge his religious duties at large vicariously. Aunt Hedwig's bonnet invariably was tho most bril liantly conspicuous feature of the entire congregation, just as tho prettiost face in : tho entire congregation invariably was Minna's, But now that Gott lieb was confronted with a spiritual difficulty it occurred to him tlmt he might advantageously resort in his extremity to spiritual aid. He had no very clear notion how the . aid would be given ; he was not even clear as to how he ought to set about asking for it and he was troubled by tho con viction that in order to obtain it he must not only repent of his sin, but must make atonement by restitution — a possibility (for tho devil still had a good grip upon him) that mado him hesitate a long while before he set about purchasing ease for his con science at so heavy a material cost. However, his good angel at last managed to pluck up some courage — it was high time — and strengthened by this tardily given assistance, ho' be took himself in search of consolation within church walls. The Church of the Redemptorist Fathers is a very beautiful church, and at all times — save through tho watches of the night and through one mid-day hour — its doors stand hospitably open, silently invit ing poor sinners, weary and heavy laden with their sins, to enter into the calm of its quiet holiness and there find rest. Tall, slender pillars uphold its vaulted roof, in tho groinings of which lurk mysterious shadows. Below a warm rich light . comes through tho stained- glass windows, whereon are pictured the blessed St. Alphonsus Maria do Liguori, founder of tho Re- demptionist Congregration, blessedly instmctingthe chubby-faced choristers ; and the venerable Clement Hofbauer, "primus in Germania"of tho Redemp-. torists, all in his black gown, kneel ing, praying no doubt for the outcast German souls, for the saving of which he worked so hard and so well ; and (a picture that Minna dearly loved) St. Joseph and the sweet Virgin and the little Christ child flee ing together through the , desert from the wrath of the Judean King. And ranged around the walls on perches high aloft are statutes of various minor saints and of the Twelve Apostles, of which Minna's favorite was Matthias, because this saint, with his high forehead tending towards baldness, and his long gray beard and gray hair and his kindly face, and even the axe in his hand (that was not unlike a baker's peel), mado her think always of her dear father. The pew that Gottlieb paid for so regularly, and so irregularly occupied, was just beneatli the statue of this saint, which, however, gave Minna less pleasure thori would have been hers had not the next saint in the row been the Apostle Simon with his dreadful saw. It must have hurt so horrible to bo sawed in two, she thought. In the dusky depths of tho great chancel gleamed the white marble of the beautiful altar, guarded by St. Peter with bis keys and St, Paul with his naked two-edged sword ; and above the altar was the dead Christ on Calvary, with His desolate mother and the despairing Magdalene and St. John the divine. Into this beautiful church it was that Gottlieb, led thither by his good angel, entered j and. the devil — raging in the terrible but impotent fashion that is habitual with devils when they see slipping away from their snares the souls, which they had thought to win to wickedness— of course was forced to remain outside. But what feelings of keen repentance filled this poor sinning baker's heart within that holy place, what good resolves came to him, what light and refreshment irradiated and cheered his darkened, harried soul — all these are things which better may be suggested here than written out in full. For these things are so real, so sacred, and so beautiful with a heavenly beauty that they may not lightly bo ' used for decorative purposes in mere romance. Let it suffice, then, to telL— for so is our poor human stuff put together that trivial commonplace facts often exhibit most searehihgly the changes for good or for evil \vhich have come to pass in our inmost souls— that Gottlieb, in returning to the Cafe Nurnberg. ate a prodigious dinner) and after his dinner, for the first time in a fortnight, smoked a thoroughly refreshing pipe. Over his dinner and his pipe he was silent, manifesting, however, a sort of sheepishness and constraint that were not less strange in the eyes of Aunt Hedwig and Minna than was the sudden revival of his interest in tobacco and food. As he smoked, a pleasant thought came to him. When lie had knocked the ashes from his pipe he ordered Minna, surlily, to bring him his hat and his coat : lie must pay a visit to that rascal Sohnstein, he said, and so went out. He left the two women lost in wonder ; and Aunt Hedwig, because of his characterisation of her dear Sohnstein as a rascal, disposed to weep. And yet, somehow, they both felt that the storm was breaking, and that clear weather was at hand. There was nobody in the shop just then, and the two, standing behind the rampart of freshly-baked cakes that was high heaped upon the counter, embraced each other and mingled tears, which they knew — by reason of the womanly instinct that was in them — wero tears of joy. And that very evening the prophecy of happiness that was in their joyful sorrow was happily fulfilled. Gottlieb did not return to the Cafe Nurnberg until aftor 9 o'clock. With him caine Herr Sohnstein. They both wore very grave and silent, yet both exhibited a most curious twinklesome- ness in their eyes. Neither Aunt Hedwig nor Minna could make any thing of their strange mood ; and Aunt Hedwig was put to her trumps com pletely when she was sure that she saw her brother — who was whispering to Herr Sohnstein behind tho pie- counter — poke the notary in the ribs. As to the joint chuckle at that moment of those two mysterious men, there could be no doubt. She heard it dis tinctly. Still further to Aunt Hedwig's sur prise, for the Cafe Nurnberg never was closed before 10 o'elook, and usually remained open much later, Gottlieb himself began to. put up tho shutters ; and whon this work was finished lie came back into the shop and locked behind him the double front door. Almost as lie turned the key there was a knock ' outside, as though somebody actually had been waiting in the street for the signal that the closing of the shutters gave. " Another rascal would come in already, Sohnstein," said Gottlieb, gruffly. "Open for him, but lock the door again. I must go upstairs." Gottlieb, with a queer smile upon his face, left the little back room ; and a moment later Minna uttered a cry of surprise, as Herr Sohnstoin unlocked the door and her own Hans entered the shop. What, sho thought, could all those wonders mean t As for Aunt Hedwig, she had sunk down in her big armchair, and her bright black eyes seemed to be fairly starting from her head. Herr Sohnstein locked the door again, as he had been ordered to do, and tlien brought Hans through tho shop and into the little back room. Hans evidently was not a party to the mystery, whatever tho mystery might be. Ho looked at Minna as wonder- ingly as sho looked at him, and he was distressingly - ill tit ease. But there was no time for either of them to ask questions, for as Hans entered the room from the shop Gottlieb returned to it. In his hand Gottlieb held the brown old parchment on which the lebkuchen recipe was written; the smile had left his face j he was very pale. For a moment there was an awkward pause. Then Gottlieb, trembling a little as he walked, crossed the room to where Hans stood, and placed the parchment in his hands. And it was in a trembling, broken voice that Gottlieb said : " Hans, a most wicked man have I been. . But my dead Minna has helped mo, and here 1 give again to you what I stole from your chest — I who was a robber." Then Gottleib covered his face with his hands, and between his bony knuckles there was a sparkle of tears. , " My own dear father 1" said Minna ; and lier arms were around him, and her head was pressed close upon his breast. " My own good brother, you could not be a thief !" said Aunt Hedwig, and so saying, clasped her stout arms around them both. " My good old friend ! all now is right again," said Herr Sohnstein, who then affected to put his arms around the three, but really embraced only Aunt Hedwig. However, there was quite enough of Aunt Hedwig to fill even Herr Sohnstein's long arms ; and lie made the average of his one-third of an embrace all right by bestowing it with a threefold energy. The position of Hans as ho regarded this affectionately writhing group (that was not unsuggestive of the Laocoon, with a new motive, a fourth figure, a commendable addition of draperies, and a conspicuous lack of serpents) would have been awkward under any circumstances ; and as the circum stances were sufficiently aw kward to begin with, ho was very much embar rassed indeed. To Aunt Hedwig's credit be it said that sho was the first (after Minna, of course, and Minna could not properly act in the premises) to perceive his forsaken condition. " Come, Hans," said the good Hed wig, her voice shaken by emotion and the tightness of Herr Sohnstein's grip about her waist. " You had better come, Hans," added Herr Sohnstein, jollily. " Will you come, .Hans, and forgive me f Gottlieb asked; ; . . But it was not- until Minna' said, very faintly, yet with a heavenly sweetness ih lief voice, " You may come, Hans !" that: Hans ' actually came. . i : ; And then for a while there was such hearty embracing of as much of the other four as each of them could grasp that the like of it all for good will and . lovingness never had been seen in a bakery before. And Gott lieb's good angel exulted greatly; and the devil, who had lingered about the premises in the hope that even at the eleventh hour the powers of evil might get the better of the powers of gOod, acknowledged his defeat with a howl of baffled rage and fled away in a blue flame and a flash of lightning that made the waters of the East River (which stream he was compelled' to wade, thanks to General Newton, who took away his stepping-stones) fairly hiss and bubble. And never did he .dare to show so much as the end of his wicked nose in the Cafe Nurnberg again ! "And you will not take from me this little one, my daughter, Hans?" Gottlieb asked, when they had some what disengaged themselves. "You will come and live with us, and be my partner, and together we will make the good lubkuchen once more. Is it not so 1" Hans found this a trying question. Ho looked at Herr Sohnstein doubt fully. "Ah," said Herr Sohnstein, " you mean that a very hard-hearted money- lending man has hired a shop for you and bus mado it the most' splendid bakery and the finest restau rant or all the East Side, eh ? And you are afraid that this man, this old miser man, will keep you to your bar gainings, already ?" Hans gave a deprecating nod of assent. " Woll, my boy Hans," Horr Sohn stein continued, witli great good humor, and sliding his arm well around Aunt Hedwig's generous waist 'again as ho spoke — " well, my boy Hans, let me tell you that that bad old misor man is not one-half so bud as you would think. Do you remember that when he had a garden made upon tho roof of that fine bakery, and you told him that to malco a garden there was to waste his money, what he said 1 Did he not say that if lie made the garden God would send the flowers ? And when that fine sign was made with ' NurnbergerBiikerei ' upon it, and you told him that to take that name of Niirnberg'was not fair to his old friend, did he not tell you that witli his old friend he would settle that matter so that there should be no broken bones ? For did he not know already that for these fivo years past it has been the wish of Gottlieb's heart to leave this old bakery — and have just such a new, fine bakery upon the square as now he and you will have 1 Ah, this bad old miser man is not afraid, but his miser money will come back to him again, and ho is not such a fool but that ho lmd faith, in his good friend Gottlieb, and know that all would end well. And now truly all will he hap piness ; for Gottlieb, who has gained a good son, can spare to me this dear Hedwig, his sister, and he will come to church with us, and see us all married in one bright day. " Aunt Hedwig looked up into Horr Sohnstein's face as he ended this long speech- — not so fine, perhaps, but cer tainly much more moving than any that he ever had made in the criminal courts — and with her eyes filling with happy tears said to him, "And it is to you that we owe it, this happi ness." ' . But Herr Sohnstein's face grew grave and his voice grew reverent as he answered : " Is it not so, my Hedwig. We owe our happiness to the good God, who has taken away the evil that was in our dear Gottlieb's heart." They all were very quiet for a little space, and upon the silence broke the sweet sound of the clock bell in the near-by church tower. When the last stroke had sounded Herr Sohnstein spolco again, and in his customary jolly tone : " As for' these young ones here, wo will unlock the door and let them walk out and look for a little at the music-stand that they love so well in the square. And Hedwig shall sit beside me while we smoke our pipes, Gottlieb, eh ? It is a long time, already, old friend, since you and I have sat together and smoked our pipes." 