THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PXJBLISHJvD DAILY.) PKOOKEBSTOJ., OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, FEB. S3, 1SS9 THE LIBERAL CAUCUS. THE Minister of Trade and Customs stated at the banquet given in his honor at Kew on Tuesday, that the Government was quite in harmony on all political questions. This being the case, what necessity can there be for one section of the Ministry to attempt to frame a programme of its own ? One cannot doubt Mr. Walker's word, but this movement on the part of Mr. Deakin does certainly give rise to the suspicion that there are variances in the Cabinet which he wishes to have decided at the elections by the party to which he professes to belong, and of which he has been dubbed the leader. The proceeding otherwise is incompre hensible. Then Mr. Dow, who declared in effect at the Kew banquet that there had been no necessity for the existence of liberal and conservative parties, was present at the Deakin caucus, showing by his presence that he is of opinion these fwo parties, -which are supposed to have died and been buried at the inauguration of Corlition rule, should be resuscitated. The why and 'the wherefore have not yet been given, nor will they bo apparent until the Government programme and the so called liberal programme have been made public. In the meantimo it can only be concluded that there is either a Ministerial split or that the fuss made in the liberal camp 13 a sham manoeuvre. ' It may be found that there are no differences of importance in the Ministerial and Liberal policies, or there may be points about which there can be 110 reconcilement. In the latter case Mr. Deakin and his Liberal colleagues would appear to have no alterna tive but immediate retirement from the Government. Will it come to that ? We doubt it very much. The niovo, wo fancy, is only one which the children would call " make-believo." But what purpose it is intended to aorve is not very clear unless Mr. Deakin is ambitious of taking the places occupied by Mr. Gillies. At any rate, a3 the course ho has taken is tlio most ex traordinary we have ever heard of and is, we believe, quite unprecedented, we are justified in trying to discover a motive. Of courso wo are open to be told that we have not hit upon it. It is said that Mr. GillioH is being pressed to convene a caucus of the Constitutional party, but that he has no inclination what ever that way, and we confess wo are quite at j a loss touuderjtand why he should take such a step. If ho did, additional color would be given to the assumption that his Govern ment is a Houso divided against itself. The gentlemen who met in caucus on Wednes day agreed that there was no necessity for a disturbance, at present, of the coalition arrangement. This makes the matter all the more mysterious. What in tho world is it that is aimed at 1 If tho Liberals are dissatisfied, why not say so at once and take steps to obtain what they want in an open straightforward way 1 As a mattor of fact, they gained thoir points in tho old struggle, and the othor sido admits it virtually by having accepted their policy. If there is no deep game being played, tho movement can only be characterised as puerile. If Air. Deakin wishes to coerce Mr. Gillies, the proper way, the manly and therefore the popular way, would be to leave him and to take an independent stand beforo tho country on the merits of the case. Mr. Deakin may liavo this ultimately in view, and for that purpose be testing tho strength of his side. Whilst thi3 course may be a prudent one, it is scarcely a fair one, as between man and man, to the Premier. We have 110 desire to support Mr. Gillies, and should have no sympathy for him or the Ministry collectively if tho country should pronounce against the con tinuance of the eoalitiou reyimc at the elec tions. But we object to scheming in order to break up the objectionable combination. If Mr. Gillies is to bo overthrown, let him full in fair fight and in the light of day, and lot every man holding a place in his Cabinet fall with him. Flesh cannot bo made of one part of them and tish of the other. The majority in the country, wo feel assured, would not agree to anything of tho sort. If Mr. Deakin does not conlemjil.ito anything of t.Im nort, why this fluttering of tho liberal flag ? It was folded by his own act in taking oflice in a Coalition Government. Does he simply desire to recur to Govern ment on party lines ? Whilst wo hold it to bo very desirable, -wo do not think it would be wiso to open old sores and awaken old feuds. " Let tho dead past bury its dead." Tho great battles of liberalism and conserva tism havo been fought, and it is tho mainten ance of the old prejudices which renders tho present Government DO objectionable. When u Ministry consists of two sides, even though it bo only nominally, it is made unduly strong, for tho great majority of hon. mem bers range themselves on tho Treasury sido of tho House, and Her Majesty is robbed of nn Opposition, which is necessary in order to check unwise, ill-considered and hasty legis lation. Aa wo havo said in previous articles thero is a question on which many Liberals and many Conservatives will agree, and whilst itought to be contested in tho country, it cannot bo fought on Liboral and Conserva tive linos. Thero is a party which is seek ing to increase tho burdens of the poor by tho adoption of a policy which would have the effect of raising considerably tho prices of certain necessaries of life, such an meat and bread; and at tho elections a trial should bo mado of tho relativo strength of that party, and of tho party opposed to its views. This cannot bo mado a point of contention 'between the Liberal and Conservative parties, nor can they divide and fight cn masse on the all important question, in ths gamo con nection, ojf Australian unity, THE SUPREME COURT.— The sittings of this court in Sandhurst commenced yesterday before his Honor Judge Williams. Mr. J. T. T. Smith acted as Crown Prosecutor. The pri- soners for trial all pleaded "Not guilty" ex- cept one, a man named James Fawkes, of Cas- tlemaine, charged with unlawfully wounding John Rogers with intent to murder him, there being a second count of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Prisoner when asked how he pleaded to the first charge answered "Guilty." His Honor asked if prisoner knew what he was doing, and if he had been examined by medical men. The Crown Prosecutor stated that prisoner had been examined by a medical man, who said he appeared to be a monomaniac as regarded Rogers, but was sane enough otherwise. His Honor said he would enter a plea of "not guilty" on both counts. The first case called was that of Wm Harrison for the murder of John Duggan at Elmore, on 30th May last. Dr. Quick, instructed by Messrs. Motteram and Hyett, defended the prisoner. During the empanelling of the jury, prisoner exercised his full right of chal- lenge. The case was carried on until near six o'clock, when the court was adjourned until 9.30 o'clock to-day. It is expected to last until Satur- day. The jurors not in the case, and witnesses in other cases, were discharged until Saturday morning at 10 o'clock. A CAUTION TO JURORS.-At the Supreme Court yesterday a number of jurors, in conse- quence of their being deaf, or ill, or dead, or not liable to serve, were excused from atten- dance. One, however, Mr. Arthur Allsop, who did not attend, but who was said to have gone to Melbourne on the previous day, was fined five guineas, His Honor stating that his usual practice was to inflict a fine of ten guineas, but this being the first occasion that he had to do such a thing on Sandhurst, he would only fine half the amount. WITNESSES IN TROUBLE.-Five of the wit- nesses in the Elmore murder case were locked up last night for drunkenness-viz. : Carl Schmidt, John Wylie, Morgan Harkney, Wil- liam Sylvester, and Thomas Fletcher. SANDHURST A>i> Eaolehawk TRAMWAY. Nominations foi the directory-to be elected at the extraordinary meeting on Gth March-have closed. We r.r.derstand that the Mayor of Sand hurst, Mr. J. Gohn, will not be a candidate, and that Mr. 1. Luxton will be elected in his place, with Messrs. Crespin, Hayes, White and Christensen, there being no other nominations. The Sw itcwiuck RAILWAY.- Satisfactory arrangements have been made for the erection of the Switchback railway at the Easter Fair, and this novelty is sure to prove a oreat atti action. ° RESIGNATION OF A POLICE CONSTABLE - Mounted-constable Axtill, who was formerly stationed at Elmore, and had not a little to do in collecting evidence in the Elmore murder case, has resigned from the force, and taken the Royal George Hotel, the principal hotel at Donald. Accident AT A BATTERY.-Thomas Hereley, aged I8 years, met with a painful mishap at the Frederick the Great mine, Sebastian, yesterdav morning. His foot was caught in the machinery and his toes crushed. Hereley was brought into the Bendigo Hospital, where his injuries were attended to. ,,/VSnclLiP' Last night Mr. T. P. \\\ all, of Bullock Crreek road, on coming out of t>t. James Hall, in Williamson-street, stepped from the footpath to get on to the road, but he lodged in a hole full of muddy water in the bed of, the water channel, and narrowly escaped injury. The hole is about three feet Ion" and eighteen inches wide, and there is no li^ht near the place. The attention of the authorities should be directed at once to the spot, so as to avoid the possibility of a serious accident APPOINTMENT OK A MINING MANAUER-We learn that Mr, Walter Eskdale, nephew of the late Mr. J. G. Wcddell, lias been selected as mining manager for the Cunningar Gold Mine, Harden, .New South YV ales, and has commenecd his duties there. Ms. Eskdale was previously i assistant manager of the Shenandoah and North Jshenaudoah mines of this district, and during last year attended the geology and mineralogy class taught by Mr. Lillie Mackay, at the School of Mines. iSo doubt, proof of his instruction here helped him to obtain the position he now nils in our sister colony. HANDS.-A meeting was .held on \\\ eduesday to devise means to r.s^st Mr. Smelhe and family, who are in very destitute circumstances. Mr. Smellie has not been able to work for the last IS months, and it is feared will not be able to work any more. It was ino\e(l that-all present form themselves into a committee to work up a, concert, and that the ^>dhu«t Mdmivfcs perform on the occasion. Mr. i. Luke was elected chairman, and Mr J Qiuu, of the Sandhurst Mohawk Minstrels, was elected _ hon. sec. It was decided to issue tickets immeliately. After some other routine business had been transacted, the Meeting ad journed for a fortnight. 53 THE Funeral of The LATE Mr. H. ROBINSON The remains of the late Mr. Henry Robinson were interred in the Baptist portion of the Sandhurst Cemetery yesterday. The respect in which the deceased was held was shown by the large numbers of persons who followed in the procession to the Cemetery. The deceased hav- ing been a Baptist minister, there were several ministers of different denominations present. Amongst them were the Revs. S. J. Green, J. Taylor, J. Freeman, T. Jones and H. Robinson. In accordance with the wishes of the deceased, the coffin was entirely devoid of black, being made of light colored wood polished and hand- somely mounted with nickel, and the hearse was devoid of plumes. The service at the grave was performed by the Rev. S. I. Green, assisted by the Revs. Jones, Taylor and Free- man. The funeral arrangements were under the supervision of Mr. W. Farmer, M'Crae Street. It is intended to hold a memorial service at the Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday evening. Tub A.N.A.-The usual meeting of this as sociation was held at the Temperance Hall last evening, and as it was concert night, and special attraction had been provided in this direction, there was a crowded and fashionable audience, the ladies turning out in great force. Mr. Noo nan, vice-president, occupied the chair. The resignation of Mr. Egan, as assistant secretary, was received, and Sir. A. B. Weir elected in his place. Six new membars were elected, and five were nominated. The committee reported tuat all arrangements had been made for enter taining the delegates, and for the banquet at the annual conference in the Temperance Hall on 13th March. The secretary reported that the lion. Mr. Deakin and Mr. Gillies had inti mated their intention of being present on the occasion. The sum of £45 7s. was reported as having been received. After the conclusion of the business, the concert was held, under the auspices of the A.N. A. quartette party, and proved a most successful performance, the music being of a superior class. Miss Greaves played the accompaniments. Tub DAMAGES BY THE LATE FLOODS.-Our Melbourne correspondent writes:-The appli cations of local bodies for Government as sistance towards carrying out the necessary repairs in connection with the recent disas trous lioods at Castlomaihe, have been under the consideration of the Cabinet for some time past. The total amounnt of assistance asked for was £30,000. The Cabinet have now de cided that before there shall be any allocation of assistance, made, it will be necessary for the councils iinercsted to send in to the Public Works department full particulars of the work that will have to be done, and also to submit plans of all bridges and culverts, etc., that will require to be re- erected. Each council will also be required to state the amount they propose expending on the works themselves. When this information has been placed in the hands of the proper officers of the Public Works de partment, .the matter will receive further con sideration at the hands of the Cabinet. ANOTHER SMASH.-We learn from our Mel bourne correspondent that another large schedule was filed yesterday in connection with the recent land boom, l'ierre Noel Lacaton, of the Maisou Doree, Lousdale-street, restaurant keeper, is the latest insolvent, and-attributes his failure to losses sustained in dealing with real estate. His liabilities are set down at £12,46S 1 ;">3. lid., and his assets at iS,794 lGs. .id., leaving a deficiency of £3,073 l!)s. 7d. The amount owing to secured creditors is £4,S9."> 13s., and to unsecured creditors £7,009 14s. 8d. The secured creditors are G. Laehal and F. Salmon, £3,800, one in respect of the purchase of a l-3oth share in the Maribyrnong C3tate; Pascoe vale syndicate, £4t)U 13s., balance of purchase money; Davey, Flack und Co., L4S0, money lent; Mr. 'Herman, financier, LS3. The eliief unsecured creditors are:-H. S. and A. Chartered Bank, Li,424; Josephine Lacaton, L470, money lent; Foster Bros., L352 9s., poultry; E. G. G. Smythers, L'208, wine; L. Glt.-C'ucI, L*20fi, goods; Spier and Crawford, LI42, wine; Anderson and Co., L130, meat; H. M'Guigan and Co., L13], wine; Gibbs, Bright and Co., L123, goods; ,T. Wax man, L120, money lent; Radclift'c, Momsen and Co., LI 15, groceries; P. N. .Jenkins, L100, iish. OiWKR 01? ODDFELLOWS.-'The annual session of the Grand Lo dge of the Independent Ord.er of Oddfellows was continued yesterday, Bro. Moreom.G.M., presiding. The question of in creasing the initiation fees for admission was ! discussed at considerable length and ultimately a resolution was carried to the effect that a com mittee be appointed to deal with the matter. It was nlso resolved that in some of the subor dinate lodges the regalia might be dispensed with. Permission was granted to thef Colac lodge; to fjoll their hall to the best advantage, i A spccial committee appointed to consider stig; ; gestionis made by Mr. Owen, the actuary of ! Friendly Societies, stated that it w s not at present considered expedient to adopt any radi cal change in the fiscal policy of the lodge. The report was adoped. A great deal o£ important business WHS dealt with, and it was decidcd that any amendment made during tho seapiop ghmiW OQ printed Rjjd duly Qjj-cijlatcd, Pp.OBATE AND ADMINISTRATION. - Probate was granted yesterday of the "will of John Br.n nington, of Strathfieldsaye, farmer. His pro perty was sworn at LI,624; LI,420 realty, and L204 personalty. Testator died on the '2nd De cember, and bj- a will made oil 23th November divided his estate among his three daughters, Ann Holmes, Manaret Ellen and Jane Dun nington, giving the second daughter, however, L50 more than her two sisters. Letters of ad ministration were granted to the estates of Samuel Scales, of Inglewood, without occupa tion, but formerly of Bridge Road, Richmond, dvc-r, LI,240; and Thomas Miller, of Malms bury, license ! victualler, LTOi. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL -Robert Scott, aged 50 years, died on 20th February, from paralysis. He was admitted on 19th February. SHAKsrKUiE .SOCIETY.-The usual monthly meeting night was last evening, but by consent the meeting was allowed to lapse, it having been decided to open the new session in March. The society has not been in a very animate condition lately, and it is probable that some efforts will be made to extend its influence. Taken in connection with the remarks made with regard to the School of Mines elocution class, a suggestion has been made that by co lion the vitality of the society and the may be mutually enhanced. CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr. Wyatt and Messrs. Stamp and 1'enfold, Js.P., presided yesterday. Henry May for vagrancy was remanded till Tuesday. M. Callaghau for assaulting T. CTLoghlen at Back Creek was fined 21 s. Several drunks and a number of school cases and some debt cases were dealt with. ROCHESTER WATER SUPPLY.-On Monday night a public meeting of the ratepayers of the shire of Echtica "was beld in the shire-hall, Rochester, at which Mr. J. T. Brown, M.L.A., the president o! the Echuca Shire Council, presided. The object of the meeting was to discuss the question of water supply, the drainage of the town, and municipal matters generally. About 100 ratepayers attended, and the questions referred to were discussed in a lively manner. Mr. \Y. T. Webb advo cated a scheme of water supply and drainage, which wouid cost £3S,000, to supply the town, and also irrigate some 30,000 acres to the ea3t of Rochester, and leave a margin of £2,000 I for the extension of mains and drainage purposes. He moved that a scheme of this nature, which would necessitate the erection of a^eir, be urged. Mr. W. G. Hart moved an amendment, that in view of a proposed severance of the Central Riding (which includes the town ship of Rochester) from the shire of Echuca no definite action be taken at present. The amend ment was carried. Mr. T. Spencer advocated a system of C inch pipes from the Coliban to supply the towns between Bagshot and Rochester, which would cost .£25,000. He also spoke of the wisdom of artesian well-boring. Several meetings have been held in the district with re gard to shire severance. THE MINISTERIAL POLICY.-The Premier state3 that he has at present no intention of calling together the members of the Consti tutional party to decide as to the policy to be adopted at the general elections. He says he had not been asked to convene a meeting. A number of constitutionalists are anxious for a consultation, and it is (says the "Telegraph") very likely that pressure will be brought to bear upon Mr. Gillies to convene a meeting before his Ecliuca address. LARGE Fip.E iv SVDV-V J u t on Wednesday night at Raimain and destroyed the ocal branch of the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank and three adjoining a oros with their contents. A fourth store was also partially gutted. The buildinrs were all old ones and built of wood. The da£a«e » con siderable, but it is impossible to ascertain the amount at present. -m-un tne RujTrat °Ti4 PL-MAX CAT.II0LIC COLLEGE AT ^ALLAEAT.-The inauguration of the new Catholic College of the Holy Ghost in Sturt evening In o^'of t te new buildings. The Archbishop of Mel AW-V -. R1' tliC B,is,10P °f Bailarat(l)r. Mooie), and a large number of clergy and laity VJ.ll!?T-. ^ horned thi . . » a. vivoie welcomed the t th?°P f/ -Me!bourue an(l other visitors and H, C -5e- ?° Ti,ehaIf of J'f'nself ana tin; principal, Dr. Reffe ?"|r, quently Dr. Moore delivered au address ^in Hp ,\°J l-V6lt °? the a,lvantage3 which would colltT'"VT,t ,e of the new college, Inch had cost over £4,000. In the course of his address he referred to the Edtica mad« to t7iCt°ff a'faD. _rhnth ? ! tbf4 the Ron"n Catholic i ' l a? ac!l"else t0 education. Dean Hovne Dr Pof) -Hhe Clel?f °f the Dr. Lcfle wrth an address and a purse contain - Jul 1,132 sovereigns. Archbishop Can- having addiessed "he assemblage, the company ad j,*",eV0tlf banqns hall, where Dr.'Reffe and Wred DUmberof toMt* wens proposed 90Fv^JfASB °F BFrn"in"g-Mrs. Smallwood, ni/hflt ? dgC' "aS t0 (ieat!l 011 Tuesday night at her son a residence, Nooramun"a -V raag'stoialKKpury was held on Wednesday by ' Droved tli ^'tl> "o- . J-?-' When tlie evidence I pro\ eel that the affair was accidental The de- I ceased was in the habit of smoking, and i is thought that whilst lighting her pipe her cap I became .gnited. The bodj? presented a dread? i Jul appearance. in? RoEnERy-On Saturday even ¥"T' half-past eight, Mr. William Power, ho resides at ;\ alpole-street, Kew, left his house m charge of a man named Wilson who was employed as his gardener. Mr. Power had not been gone long when Wilson states that his attention was attracted to two men, who were llThlS^'ay jrom 'i'0 dir?ctio" of the house, 'Wlipn\v'V° aso' without any success. Y\ hen W ilson returned he found the bedroom «mdow open, and the' house presented the appearance of having been ransacked A dianer in the bedroom was lying open, and on , examination it was found that a i'5'J bank note I hal 1 qUUn'lt7 of jewellery, valued at £100, cated wif-1?" . ^police were commiini I cated Mith, and immediately set to work to i stabllv%WfeVy' vi,th the result that Co» | stable Mai tin discovered the empty jewel cases I m the Kew Asylum Reserve. The affair how j ever, continues shrouded in mystery, J oTL'xo HT A Mkucsa.-As one of the numer I !I!hV13:" SaUll«ate was bathing in the W rn" s?'imm,IUS l»ths attached to the ind llG W-n & ^ something on the left arm !L,V^7.We^ He left «»e water, and j"st ie.it.hed his dressing room when he was seized with most violent pains clown the whole length i of the spine. The pains increased in intensity until i,o was writhing in great agony on the i time.l0 c 10 ? bath"lg il0Use ;uul scveral ! times lost eonsciousuess. Under treatment lie ' town y (r)enc0,v.eret1' an!i ""as able to return to tm\n. On his arm are plainly visible the red I sting marks extending from the forearm to the he S t ?"!, brC:lSi' Wl,ich t'ive ground for lit belief that the sufferer had been attacked : by some species of medusa. Though the symp j onis v isible when the sufferer was first attacked | ' . 'h1 uaUfie th°sc, C;U1S«1 by internal cramps | oi rather cramp oi the muscles round the spine | t w believed that in this case they were caused I tfctTD? m th0Jme«1«sa. ^ whoseten! | in the water. r detached from i,is arm while ; The Codlix irora.-A writer on The Pn?tl'-U \r!?, "Tasmanian," speaking of the which" h ' Sayf-"i]y of procedure, , W Inch 13 commonly practised by German onto mologists is simply thi.s:-I get some ?de-the j stionger the better-and after allowing it to »et I siK'ar ^ l!t Wlth 1111 Cqilal ?tS0a,Wri^f-,,°r trCaC,e' UIltii ft co«>« with , 1 y t - > Synip- 1 thon Pa';»t it I } a kmsh either on the trunks of the v-hici, °r rVhatf.13 bett,ei"' 0,1 "f board, v-liich J afterwardj place acainst a oree'aheS T!hC 1 il>" a sheet. The syrup, which, if mo moths f11 ' ihaS v Strong °'lor' attracts the loths from a long distance, ni:d after partakin" f the repast provided for them, they generally j ^ ^capacitated from further exertion and tll?IInew"l>aP«-- K they are left too toii_, they will recover themselves and lly away, r* newspapers should therefore be visited from line to time, and the moths emptied into a pail ot water or destroyed iu some other way. 1 nave caught as many as 70 or SO moths at one place in a single evening." lHK Ex -A Sydney telegram in the » Age" says ' C'lbinot considered on Wednesday after noon the despatch from Lord Kmusford enclos- ' j''?C ?lmr3 b>' the Chinese Government on behalf of Chinese subjects -jvho were forccd to leun-n to Cluna at the time of the passing of! the C.imcsc Restriction Act in this colony. I -the claims include charges for passage money | and the like. 1* was decided to forward th'e i r:fch't!er£S- t0 r'"' Tl'c:ts!lrV for iuvestigation, ' Vr thc yc"' °f ascertaining the validity of the ! claims and of asking Parliament, if necessary , to take such steps in regard to them as wili : rclieye the colony trom the chargeqf perpetrating any injustice. y y ' i ! ^DY ll:"s 8tarte<1 a pedometer in the toe of hers,oe, wishing to have a record f the ground travelled over while dancing. It has been calculated that anyone doing all the \- drnces on a ball programme goes over H1 !re1Uu"Ur° X? T^"8' mileS footed .nd'T l" i . SamU Way b>' the fleet A 1ovlnSy°u»K Australians, i 1 ? OBK.-It is stated that a. Jios tr-ulp^l ' II- i r° years of steady work at his ;ri s abS ball weather, prize fights and base 