A ROMANCE. IN ONE ACT AND THREE SCENES. Scene i.—* Jlow ao you jlko my discuus, John,' asked a young wile. ‘They nro excellent. Delicious in flavour, and us light or your laugh.’ ‘ la tho moat cooked to your liking ?* £ I am delighted with it. You can cook a great deal hotter than mother.* Scene II.—‘ You are late, John, dear; it is past twclvo o’clock,’ said tho wife, as bIio helped her husband off with his overcoat. ‘ Yeah, darling, I was—hie—dotained at-* ‘ Oh, never mind any apologies, doar; I know something important must have dotaiued you, or you would have boon homo earlier.’ Scene III.—* I saw a very liundsomo bounet in Felt and Straw’s window to-day, Mary, said a husband as ho sat down to supper after re turning from his day’s labour. ‘Indeed!’ said lue wifo as sho placed tho Bavoury meal before him, * Yes, and X thought it would become your stylo of l>eftuty.’ ‘ But, John, dear, I don’t need another now ‘ Yes, you do. I had it put asido for you. Tho price is lodol. Hero is tho money. You can go and look at it. If if Buits you, buy it; if it doesn’t suit you, buy ono that docs at tho same price,’ * Oh, John!’ 1 No thanks, dear. You are worthy of it,’ Aokd Negro—I is gwino on er hundred an’ ton years old. Interested Listener: Indood? Thon probably 3*011 can recollect ob far back as the first acts of Congress. Aged Negro : Yes, sail, I remember all ’bout do liis’ of Congresa. I ot ter recollickt it, becauso I’s cut wood wid it when I wus bo high. Yes, sail, dat wus afore you wus bawn, sab. You’s er nico lookin’ gemman, sab, and can’t'you givo do poor old man or nickol? Medium : Tho spirit of 3*our husband salutes 3*OU, Madam. Spinster (teat, sixty-five): My husband r (Giggling.) Ho, he! Why I was nover married. Medium: Oh, 3-es you wero. You and your affinity wero joined in Spirit marriage. Spinster (scriousty): What a loss of felicity! Would wo had mot boforo bo died. Tho Ghost (solus) : What a happy thing it was for mo that I died so young. Faumt.h Way liack—Putty cold this mawnin’, Mariali. • Faiucke Wayback’s Wife—Didyo take a look at tho thermometer V Fahueii Way hack—No, I didn’t hnvo to. I tuk a look ’cross tho fields an* I sco Jem Doming’s tonguo fastened to tho hitchin’ post. Fabkku Wayback’s Wifo—Lund sakos! Whoro wus Jem? ..... Faokeu Wayback—Oh! Jem wne nght there with Ilia tonguo. Sira—* I understand that 3*011 aro one of tho prayiug baseball players, and that you aro studying for tho ministry. In fact, I am told you havo just been ordained.’ He—‘Itistruo.’ ‘Are you going to tako ebargo of a parish at °n‘ Well, I don’t know. I have received a call to a misnion church at dOOdol, a year: also an offer from tho Bostons to sign for 10,000dol. a year, aiul I havo been wondering whotber I hadn’t better devoto a fow moro years to basoball praying boforo accepting a regular An nustre looking lady walked into a furrier’s recentl3*and said to tho yellow-headed clerk, * I would like to got a muff.’ * Wlmt fur ?* demanded tho clerk. ‘ To keop my hands warm, you simpering idiot!’ cxchumod tho lady, Tiiat precocious llonckhockio youngster, Stephen Abbey by namo, comc3 to tbo front again. A fow weoks ago a favourite undo of tbo lad went away, to bo gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought tho proper thing for bun to do was to buy him a present, and the objoct ho 6ot his young mind upon was a Bible. ‘Ho has moro than ono Bible now,’ said Stephen’s mother. ‘And he’ll hnvo another whon ho getsmino,’ was tho imperturbable reply. Tho Bililo wna 'purchased, and Thau it .waft decided by the boy to write an * appropriate’ verao of Scripture on tbo tty-leaf, Thcso woro tho significant words selected and written by Stephen: ‘ And yo futhors, provoke not your children to wrath.* Ephesians, vi,, 4. Stephen’s uncle, who is a man of family, was duly impressed. Mr. Smith : “ Miss Edith, I lovo you. will you marry mo ?” Edith: “ X am so sorry, sir, but I ain obliged to decline tho honour.’’ Mr. Smith (with sudden inspiration): “For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, como away from that window. A storm is coming up. Tho light ning is beginning to Hash, timl 3*ou nro so at tractive, 3'on know.” Edith (completely over come): “ Churlio, dear, 3*01111103* *my a n*Ilo-” A lady who was accustomed to solicit for aovoral churitablo institutions, tho other day mot a well-known miser from whom sho had nover boon able to extract a cent. During tho course of tho conversation tho lady mentioned sho had seen his portrait at tho Academy. “ And you didn’t ask it for a snbeription ?” queried tho miser, who was fond of his joke, “ Oh, I thought it useless,” calmly replied tho lady, “ tho portrait is so thoroughly liko 3*011.” ■Would-be Patron : What is the legal faro for ten blocks? Cabman: Dunno. If >*ou want tor know anything ’bout law go tor a lawyer. 