THE COUNTRY. I TY1LLANDHA. (paost our own oobbsifoxdent.) I December 14. A hot week. Thermometer from 98 deg to 105 dog at S p.m. To-day a hot wind blows as if from a heated oven. It is exactly 100 deg as I write, 1.S0 p.m. Two honrs hence the mercury will bo several degrees higher. 1 perspire freely doing nothing but sitting in my chair. It is remarkable the copious inspiration tbat can ooze out of a man like me, I see all the outside animals seek the shade. Some horses who hare no abide havo got their beads under each other's taiU, Even those ubiquitous animals, the rabbits, that gallop abont day and night, have gone to camp iu their cool tunnels below. The barn door fowls, with beaks half open and wings half spread, are panting for breatb. Tbe dogs, with tongues far out, are doing the same Even the busy fly bus gone to roost, thongh but midday. Did Mr Egeson but Bend us one of his two inch cooling showers more than one would bless him. ' I did not get a wink of sleep the whole of last night in Hillston,' said a gentleman to me who had just come from tbat town. 'Why?' 'Oh, those confounded mosqnitoes kept bleeding me all night. They are as big as small bats, and oan bite throngh a deal board.' I understand there exists a species of that insect in some quarters wbich pull down the curtsinB with their teeth, and drag the bed clothes off the sleeper in order to get at him. These are th9 sort, perhaps that makes Hillston lively these hot nights. This week tbere passed here 2000 full mouthed wethers from W ooyeo to Booligal, Mr MoPhaill in oharge ; and ap the river, same day, 8500 two and four tooth wethers from Toogimbio and Ulonga to tbe Macquarie, Ifr Hannon in charge. That boy who thonght it supreme bliss to swing on a rail all day and eat fat bacon should come along bsre if he doesn't object to fat motion. A sheep's carcase hereabouts consists of about one-third lean meat and twu-thirds of fat. It is a pity at every meal to Bee no mucb left unused, but then people have not got coppor stomachs. Better tbat than otherwise. We don't repine at fat mutton. The grass and- herbage is now quite dry, and wero a spark to get among it, such is tho rankness, that a country side might be burned black ere tbe fire conld be put out, A ' Cheap Jack ' has como to Hills ten. and is doing a roaring business. Ho is disposing of his goods at any price the buyer likes to offer, therefore his premises are orowded daily. Several fresh buildings havo been started in HilUton, and I team that a new store is to be erected forthwith. I learn that a big stack of this sea son's hay has been burned down at Moolbong, Particulars as to the fire have not yet reached me. For two days smoke was seen ascending anout 20 miles north-east, but the fire, whatever it was, seems to hove been got under. Mr O'Brien, of Whealbab, who with tho lady that ownB him, went on a trip to Victoria in order to recruit his health, has now returned home again, looking twenty years younger. This will be a matter of joy and rejoicing among tbat gentleman's numerous trieuds, It showB what good nursing can do. I wish some such tender Mrs O'Brien — no, a Miss O'Brien, I mean — would fail to mv lot : but alas I I learn preparations are being made for sports on Boxing Day, as also for a concert on New Year's night, in aid of the hospital here, and a high class entertainment is fixed for January 28, 1890, in aid of the Hillston Presby terian Church. I don't know tbat i shall attend any of these. It is not calculated to raise one's spirits, nay, it is quite provoking, to see 'ilka Jooky with his Jenny' and I with none, lonely and sad. I had commenced a story for the Xmas issues of the Orazier. It waB to be a ospital one, of thrilling interest, of Addisonian Btyle, flowery, alter nately humorous and paihetio, exoiting to roars of larghter with its lun and drollery, and then suffusing the eye] with tears and melting the heart with pathoB, (How dearly I love to blow my own trumpet.) But after writing a page or two 1 caved in, I suddenly re colleoted how that a young lady won the prize last year. I began to review my oareer and found out to my sorrow that I never could beat a woman either iu writing or speaking — in the latter es pecially. In these retpeots tbe fates have always been against me, A male has not tho ghost of a chance with one of the opposite gender. Fifty years ago when the gallery of the House of Com mons was on one impoVtant occasion packod with ladies didn't their very presence hamper the first legislator of the day so muoh that he completely broke down in his speech, and amid oonfusion cried out, ' Take these ladies out of the galleryj or else the Hons* must adjourn.' I think it unfair tint th* tefter sex should be pitted against us, and then] whan tho prize is won by one'of thorn —?which is euro to bo — to bavo thom point at us and laugh at us. and flay as they crow over us, ' Ye call yourselves lords of creation, do you 7' It strikos mo that each respective sect should compete among themselves. I know how it us. Tho Orazier people have a strong loaning towards the Indies, and - nodonbt will join them in their chuckle over ns when we get worstod. I learn that Mr A L. P. Oamoron is in the field for Balranald. He is en gaged, it is said, in feeling tho pulso of the electorate, and he finds so far that it beatBtrue to him. I hoard an in fluential elector remark, ' If Cameron were returned he would be the right man in the right place.' I havo heard Mr C rocite, and must say that be pos sesses a voice that would bo beard in tho ''Ouse.' 