MISS EYOY, OF ETON COURT. By KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of -fPatfy." "At the Red Glove," '-'The Evil Eye," " Wiid as a Hawk," &o.; [Published by epec'al arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. Chapter YI.—A Wactz. Daylight had faded longagn, and only a weak gleam fell across the darkness from a solitary candle which Mr. Brown had stack into oue ot the tarnished sconces. Ac tirab sight the long close-smelling library looked deserted, bat a rustle and then a merry laagh came from a dark corner, and Mar jorie and her partner waltzed rapidly into the faint light. "I mnst stop, please," she panted ; "I'm out of breath. I think the dust chokes one." He stood Btill as she spoke, bat he kept his arm ronnd her waiso as if he wanted to begin again. "Yes, we have literally kicked up a dust, but the dust proves I was right in Baying that no one comes near these old rooms. I believe the servants dare not venture here in the dusk ; the doble-room 1b next to this, you know, lb was your uncle's bedroom." She shivered. She had jusb moved a little away from her partner, bub at this Bhe Bhrank near him again. "Do you mean a ghoat?" Bhe whispered. He was sorry to reassure her, It was so delicious to feel that she trusted and clung to his protection, but be remembered that terror sometimes caused a girl to scream inop portunely. "That's all nonsense, you know. I believe your nncle, Mr. John Eyon, died in the room beyond this one ; there was some disagreement between Mi33 Eyon and her brother, and she had all these rooms shut up after his death. Naturally the dobie Btory has grown out of that" He bent down over her and whispered, " Do you know you looked awfully pretty when yon were frightened just now." " Please let me go," said Marjorle abruptly, "and I don't like compli ments.' ; He took his arm away from her waist, not so much because of Marjorie's request but it seemed to him there was a faint sound near the disused drawing-room, " Hush," he whispered. Marjorle had also heard the sound, and she was trembling, almost paralysed with fear. Her hair seemed to rise on her fore head. " Is any one there 2" The voice sounded hoarse and strange. "Is it you, Miss Marjorie ? What are you doing here 2" 44 It 1b Hannah," the girl said. Taking the candle between her fingers she went forward. "Why, Hannah," she held up the candle, "you are as white as death. How frightened you look. Did you think we were ghosts 2" she said softly, as she pinched the old woman's pale chin, "We2" Hannah exclaimed. "Who may yon hev with you, ma'am 2" . Mr. Brown laughed. 41 Only me, Hannah. Your young lady and I have been trying a dance in the old library, but it's awfully dnsty work. A good many years, I'll bet, since anything so lively happened here." Hannah took a step back a3 Bhe spoke; then she groaned. " My mercy 1" she said," how could you venture it 2" T'las knawed nowt about it; nobbut you, sir, must hev heeard tell o' thlDgs that sud make t'place respected from such frolics." She Btretched out her long arm and took the candle from Marjorie. " Come to your room, I'll show yiu the light, ma'am," she said, and the girl fol lowed het. Mr. Brown came up to Marjorie ai d whispered— 44 Don't go; why do you knock under. The way to get on at Eyon Court is to resist tyranny." But Marjorie's eyes had suddenly opened to her own imprudence, and she was glad that the light was too dim to show Ler flaming cheeks; something whispered that she had been giddy, that Mr, Brown would not have been so free with her If she had been more guarded with him. She wondered whether Sir George Wolff would have asked a stranger to waltz with him in a lonely room. In stead of answering Mr. Brown, she hurried on and placed herself beside Hannah, while her cheeks burned yet more hotly. When she reached the door leading Into her special passage, Marjorle said— "That will do, thank you, Hannah; I can see my way now, the lamp outside my door is sure to be lit." Hannah looked over her shoulder, and Bhe saw that Mr. Brown had not followed them. 44 As you please, ma'am," she said coldly, and opening the door for Marjorle she closed it behind her. The girl wa3 greatly relieved; she had expected a lecture, and she knew she should have rebelled against it and have EBbwered saucily. 44 Old women are always cross to girls about men," she said, when sh9 had reached her room and had drawn a low chair cosily in front of the fire. 44 After all, it is quite natural that a young man and a girl alone in a dull house should like one another's company and amuse themselves." She Bat, looking into the blazing logs. 4 4 Perhaps it would ha1 been better if we had had our waltz in tl parlor, as Miss Eyon calls It; then Ha nah would not have ventured to loc glum. After all, I really think I am ti old to be interfered with- She marched n off to my room just as if I were a naugb child.'!. The uncomfortable feeling soon can back and her cheeks grew hot as the fi Itself. On the whole she was glad th Hannah had been interfering and a bus; body. . What had made Buch a sudden chanj in Mr. Brown's manner she wonderei Could He have taken a fancy to. her. 01 no, he had known her only a few hour Ought Bhe to like it or to diBlike it. E might have an impulsive nature, and si had heard that some people fall in love i first sight; if this were his caBe he con! not help it, and she had no right to I vexed with him. 44 What a strange thing love must be, she thought shyly ; 441 wonder if I sha ever feel it. I wonder if there is muc difference between liking and loving." Hannah nBually came and helped hi dress, and this evening Mrcjorie wants help, for she had decided to wear tl dainty evening gown in which she ha made her first appearance, instead of tl ordinary high-necked frock she always pi on for dinner with her aunt. The girl waited until she feared to t too late, and then she straggled Into he gown and managed to fasten it herse! although this was not easy- She ha gathered some exquisitely-tinted blacl berry leaves In her afternoon's ramble, an Bhe grouped these into a brilliant knob i one Bide of the square-out bodice. She held up a spray of leaves against he rich brown hair. 441 would put them In if It were ne for Aunt Louisa. She might say I we too smart, and I do love peace, and if sh looked glnm I could nob eat any dlnnei and that would never do. Between th walk and the waltzing I am as hungry £ possible." In her far-off room the dinner-bell we not heard. Hannah usually set the doc ajar, hut Marjorie, left to herself, ha not thought of it. Snddenly she looked at her watcl and found that she mnsb be som minutes behind time. She flew along the passage, and was pal with fear by the time she reached th dining-room. - Miss Eyon and Mr. Brown were hoi seated at table. *'I am vary sorry, atrafc," the glrJ began, and then stopped, her tongae felt stiffened by the sight of Miss Eyon. She sat very erect, and she was so pale that she looked gray, but her eyes were keener than ever as she fixed them on Marjoria's gown. "Yon need not make excuses," Mlstf Eyon said In the tone that Marjorie dreaded. " I see what has made you keep ns waiting. Mr. Brown will readily excuse you, for this extra adornment fa doubtless intended for him j yon do not honor me with it when I am alone." She Bpoke in a low tone, and the ser vants at the farther end of the room could not hear what she said. They could, however, Eee the deep red flush that spread over Mar jorie'a face and the con scious shame of the girl's attitude. Mr. Brown smiled at her and at Misa Eyon. " I expect that soft cream color must have Buited you admirably," he said coolly. "I believe it would always suit such a complexion as yours, Miss Eyou. Did they wear that color when yon were a girl ?" Miss Eyon was aware that he meant to soothe her, and it pleased her that he should try to do th's; but, for all that, she would not spare Marjorie. "Do you fancy there Is anything new nnder the sun ?" she said. " I have gowns put away somewhere of my mother's of just that color and appearance, bat they were ball gowns and were only worn on suitable occasions," she said with era* phasls. Mr. Brown was vexed by her bitter tone. He kept silent for some time, and then be asked Marjorie if she had sa9n the Falls of Aysgarth higher up the valley. Miss Eyon's rudeness had helped to re store the girl's courage. She was still flushed, but she had raised her head and she no longer looked ashamed. " Hoshe smiled at Mr Brown. She felt determined to show her aunt that she would not submit to rudeness. " I should like to see the fallB. Will you take me there to-morrow ?" " I shall be delighted," he said ; but he did not look as much pleased as Marjorie expected, and his eyes went backvafc once to Miss Eyon. (To be continued.) 