ANCIENT AUSTRALIA.-No. IX. BY TUR Rr.v. J. E. Tusisow- WOODS, F.L.S., F.G.S., KTO., ETC. Besides the largo family of Diprotodontidte, including the threo species of Nototherium, thore are many other extinct animals of this class found amongst the bones oi which Mr. Do Vis thinks not more than a third havo boen determined. If it be not presumptuous on my part to offer an opinion in this matter, I may say that I quite agree with the learned and industrious curator of the Brisbane Museum. It is so obvious that thefinatter has never boen more than casually dealt with that thero must bo a groat deal yet to bo discovered. If any One will just look through the immense mass of material in the Brisbane Museum ho will bo able to form au idea of what discoveries await us. Nor will tho novettieB be exhausted until a thorough investigation of all our bone doposits is made and everything available col leotod and deteimiuations made by a competent anatomist whoso timo is devoted entirely to the subject. It may ba just remarkod in passing, before leaving tho Diprotodoutidic, or largo extinct animuls, that in some works treating ot Aus- tralian geology lists are given which associate living speoieB with these giants of the past, as if they had been found as fossils and were contemporaneous. The species are the Tasma- nian tiger (Thylacinus), two spcoies of native devil (Sarcophilus), the flying squirrel (Beli deus breviceps), and three species of opossum namely, Phulangista fuliginosa, P, vulpina, and P. cookii. These living species havo no doubt been found as fossils in cave romains in Tasmania and Victoria ; but never, as far as I am aware, assooiatod with the extinct giants so as to (prove their contemporaneity beyond a doubt. It is not likely that they were contem- poraneous, from the fact that similar genera of large si/.o lived with the Diprotodon aud Noto- therium, and may have formed a tooth eonie¡J|prey for the Thylacoleo. Thus Owen has described for us au enor- mous wombat, a perfect giant by the side of our existing species. _ This is Phas colomys irigas, and besides this several other large species have beon found. But a more interesting discovery is that made by Mr. De Vis, who has found among the bones of the Darling Downs a "'possum" of ridiculously largo dimensions. It was Oft. long and must have weighod, he thinks, about tiiOlb. What we aro to think of the habits of an animal of this kind is indeed a difficult question. We must abandon the idea of leat-eating and tree climbing for thei»o monsters of tho past. What these giant " 'possums" did for their living and whero they roosted is too much for one to decide upon while the mind is still amazed with the dimensions tim« resuscitated. Mv readers must really bear with me whde I ndd that since this monster has been found the bones of one even larger have been dug up. One can only tay with Macbeth, whon ho baw the ghost, « ' Can such things be ? " A curious fact connected with these phalangers or opossums is that they show more affinity with tho tronioal cubous than the Tasmanian opossum. Many readers when thoy hear the name will recall Artemus Ward's pet kangaroo, whioh he described as " an amoozin' little cuss." The term here, how- ever, is meant to express an opossum of the Indian Archipelago, distinguished by a pre- hensile tall, large eves, and slow nroarression. Nor hare we yet done with the wonders con- nected with these great beasts. Imagine a koala or nativo bear thrice the linear dimensions of our ordinary phascolarctos. I suppose it is scarcely necessary .to desoribe the existing species. It is about 2ft. in length, having a stout clumsy body which looks stilt moro awkward from the almost oomplete absence of tail. Clumsy uud unwieldy as it is wo hold our breath when wu aro callod to contemplate a similar animal between jOOlb. aud 0001b. in weight, when it is a largs native bear of the present time that will turn the scale at 20lb. But this is entirely in keeping with the whole scale of animated nature iu these im- mense times. The Diprotodon was almost over- shadowed by the dimeiwions*of the kangaroos, real jumping long-tailed kangaroos at least double the size of the largest living kangaroo. In many species which have been named, Macropus atlas, M. titan, &c.;, to give an idea of their proportion the alvoolus of the jaw has been split away so as to show the permanent molars concealed in the sockets. From the fact of this tooth not having been cut, we learn that the individual was young and had not shed its first teeth, and yet it was moro than double the size of the largest old man kan- garoo now browsing on tho downs of Australia. "What are wo to think of the faca of nature, especially of animated nature, in those olden days ! Surely thero is somo meaning in this uniformity of size, so far exceeding anything by which wo are Burrounded now. It is not without wondor aud admiration that we observo how beautifully proportioned, for the most part, to the size of man is the living animal creation. But what if it wore not so, or rather what was it when it was not so ? Man waa not there to witness it ; but there aro other things about which we may feel inclined to indulge in speculation. What about the trees and vegetation generally? A few leaves have been preserved to us which enable us to say that they were like plants and trees which exist now in other countries or in this conti- nent. But thoy may havo been muoh larger. Nay, they must have boen muoh larger, many will feel inclined to say, to bear anything like a proportion to the" animals which rçamed.ovor the land. It appoars to me difficult to come to any other conclusion, and then this involves so many other considerations that one is fairly bewildered. Such trifles a9 olimate siuk into insignificanco by the sido of such problems. Perhaps wa shoidd understand things a little botter if wo knew moro of New Guinea, where certain marsupial forms survive, which would throw great light upon the animal forms of ancient Aus- tralia. There ure, for instance, tho tree kangaroos, constituting tho geuus Deudrolagns, whose forelegs, adapted to this mode of life, are nearly as long and strong us the hind legs ; the tail is not used as a support, and the daws are curved, long, and pointed. Now, as there are small tree-kangaroos in existence, and ex- tinct largo tree- kangaroos, it is difficult to escape from the conclusion that they climbed up trees, and that the trees wero vory much larger to bear their weight. Yet whatever suggestion we make as to those most remarkable times we are bound to admit that we know so little about them that speculation becomes the mereBt guesswork. Bearing in mind that the flora of the continent was then one with Asia, Amoreica, and even the Arctic region, we may well pause before assigning causes for such vast and bewildering changes. Theorising had better be left alone until we know a little more. When wa reflect upon the changes that have come over scientific conclusions within the last twenty years, we may well say that speculation is prématuré. "Wonderful as the discoveries were even then, the wildest imagination would never have dared to hazard suggestions of facts which aro now securely established. Therefore, until moro is known of ancient Australia, it would bo better to forego any resuscitations or reproductions of the past, except what the boneä teach us, and even in these cases wo must wait for the discovery, or rather identification, of more of those fossils ; because a good many of tho genera established depend upon oue singlo bone, frequently a part of the hoad or a tooth. A whole skeleton of any of them bas not been identified. The nearest approach to this is Diprotodon, and wo do not know what ita feet were like. Of some of the genera, the less said the botter if we want to avoid treading an uncertain path or building up a scientific castle which will all havo to be taken down again. Thtis, how- ever reluctantly, we must say for instance of such a genus as Sthenurus that it was a heavy limbed marsuxjial, mora like the lumbering sloth than tho swift and bounding kangaroo. Considering the amount of material that re- mains to be dealt with, it seems to me to be best at this stage of these lotters to give a summary of the genera and species which have boon established at tho prebont stage of the investigations. Thcfe havo beon considerable changes alBO since Owon iirat began to work, and tho amount of shifting and altering of names and of classification bus beenmo almost as bewildering iu this as iu any department of science. Fortunately for my purpose thero has been publishod amongst the British Museum catalogues one of the fossil mammalia by Mr. R. Lydokker', whioh, whilo describing all the specimens contained in the British Museum, gives a completo list of the genera and species according to the latest classification. This I shall principally follow in the ensuing descrip- tions. In tho ordor Marsupialia, sub-order Dipro todontea, the family of Phascolomyid.-c is the first dealt with. Those aro the wombats, which are divided into the broad-headed group Latifrout and the flat-nosed Platyrhine. The species aro eight in number, Phasoolomys magnus, which, however, is uot so largo as P. gigas already referred to ; P. médius, inter- mediate iu size between the preceding and following ; P. krofl'ti, mainly distinguished by a difference in the direction of the sutures of the skull ; P. curvirostriB, somewhat larger than P. rnedins, characterised by the groat down- ward deflection of the border of the palate ; P. mitchclli, closely allied to P. platyrhinus, the existing species, but distinguished by Owen because of teohnical details in the anutomy of the skull; P. thomsoui, doubtfully distin- guished from the existing P. wombat ; and P. parvus, which is the smallest of thom all. Now all these different species of wombat aro represented in the British Museum by sixty nine different specimens of bones, and prin- cipally skulls. Thoy havo come from widely separated porcions of New South Wales and Queensland, mainly from tho Wellington Valley Caves and the Durling Downs, while a few, presented by Mr. W. L. R. Gipps, came from the valley of tho Lachlan River, or else some volcanic sandstone ash-beds on the Tal- bragar River, not far from Dubbo, New South Wales. Wo come now to another genus named Phas colonus, which is in every way remarkable. When tho teeth of this animal wero first dis- covered their long, flat, curved, chisel-like form suggested to Dr. Ramsay, the curator of the Sydney Museum, the name of Sceparnodon, from Greek words signifying an adze and a tooth. If anyone will go into the Brisbane Museum and look into the lower or upper jaw of this extraordinary animal he will see how well-doBcrved was the name. Nothing like these great doutai chisels were ever pre- viously known outside a carpenter's tool-box. There is a lower jaw in the Brisbane Museum with the two incisor teeth in position, which truly may excite our wonder. They must have been given to the animals for some pur- poses like thofo of the beaver, that is for cutting up trees into logs for either food or building. To _ my mind these teeth are amongst the most interesting osteological curiosities in the museum. "When Owen first saw the remains, which wore upper incisors, he accepted Dr. Ramsay's name. _ Subsequent examination dis- posed him to believe that they belonged to an animal which was identical with what ho had thought to be a wombat, and named P. gigas. This has beon already referred to. Further- more, ho saw reason to separate the animal from the wombats and create for it a new genus, which he named Phoscolonus. The upper incisors are even wider than tho lower, beinç much compressed and having a bevelled cutting edge. Phascolouus gigas is the only known species. It was apparently about equal in size to a tapir, but of much Btouter build. From this animal alone we are justified in supposing an enormous Blze for the trees which it apparently cut down with a ' Loudon, 1?¿7, . power to which that of the beaver waa M nothing. . -- .. There are about fivc-and-twenfy bones ia the British Museum, including some limb bones and portion*« of the feet. The -fittest Berios to bo seen anywhere ia certainly in the Brisbane Museum, aud most of these came from the Darling Downs. Tlio next family to Pháscolomyidie is -foto« theriid.e, wliich connects the former with tha Diprotodontidio, the skull, limb bones, and vertobne bein j nearest-to the wombats, and the jaws showing characters common to th« two, while tho cheek teeth are of the type ot the Diprotodon. Moreover, the struoture of tha' humérus indicates that the animal was a bur rower, which, considering its sb-a, was a very unpleasant feature. If Nototheria survived now they might be employed in cutting railway tunnels. There are botween fifty and sixty' bones in tho British Museum, collected over a wide rango of country, in New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. There are even more extensive collections of Diprotodon, the specimens reaching 200 collected all ovefc Eastern and Ceutral Australia ; none, however, from Western Australia. Thoy include, at already statfd, very nearly the whole frame of the animal, but only one Species (D. australis) is admitted by the author to whom I am now referring. Ho says, "This is the type and only species. The largest individuals appear of larger bulk than Rhinoceros unicornia, but others were considorably Hinaller, although not presenting any structural differences which can be regarded as of specific value." According to the classification which ia fol- lowed in the British Museum, a family is formed of the family Phalangistidie or opos- sums, and in a sub- family named Phalangls timo thylaooloo is included, as it is regarded as only a highly specialised opossum. With this is associated another genus oaUedFbeudoohirus, of which I can Bay no more than thut a frag- ment of a jaw something like that of an opos- sum is amongst the collection in the BntisJ Museum. Of Thylacoleo, besides over forty fragmenta of dilforeiit heads, there aro four limb bones, mostly from the Wellington Caves. It appears that the animal, though loss common than Diprotodon, had very nearly as wide a distribu« tion. No less than four families of marsupials in« tervene botween tho Phalangistidio and the Macropodidie or kangaroos, wallabies, and kangaroo rata. The latter is divided into two sub-families, in ono of which (Potoronie) are found the most of our kangaroo rats. In thi genus -Hpyprymniis, a little kangaroo rat from New South Wales, is represented by portions of tha jaw and a few limb bones, ' altogether about a do/en specimens in the British Museum. Thoy all came from the Wellington Valley Caves, but I think Mr. De VÍB has recognised them from the Darling Downs as well. In the sub-family of Macropodime are included all the true kangaroos, or animals in which the fore limbs are reduced in si/e and tha, hind limbs disproportionately enlarged. This, however, is nor tho scientific definition of the" family whose characters arc principally found in the structure of the jaws and teeth. It bhould bo mentioned that in the genus Maoropus of Professor Flower ara included many genera held to bs distinct by Owen, Gould, Gray, and others. Thus, according to tho British Museum catalogue, Owens genera of Leptosiagon, Pachysiagon, Pasohoiogus, Protomnodon and Sthonnrus are swept away except that the two la-^t aro retained m part. Professor Flower regarded the bones of the largo animal», named by Owen Stbenurui and Protemnodon, as indicating large wallabies inoluded within tho Genus macropus, or true kangaroos. Ol this ho admits no less than twelve extinct species. It is said that owing to the confusion about the uppor teeth of certain fossil skulls, wliich Owen referred to an animal he named Sthenurus atlas, the lower jaws wore mado the types of a new genus and ispeoies called Protemnodon mimas. A com- parison of the two associated together showed thoir absolute identity. The estimated length of tho entire skull is about 1ft. The apeóles is now named Macropus brehus, and it was allied to certain existing species of wallaby, but much larger. It is unueoessary to give a list - of all the species to which reference has boen madcabovo,w*hichinoludes Macropus giganteas, ouo of tho largest of existing- species, and the muoh larger M. titan of Owen. This specie», is closely allied to M.gifjantous (which of count is not found fossil on the Darling Downs), but is distinguished by its superior size. Itisohe. of the verry common fossils. Yet there is a larger specimen still in M. ferragus, which ¡1 tho type of O wen's Pachysiagon ferragus and Leptohiagou graoilis. Tho species Sthenurus atlas, which was at. one time named Maoropus atlas by Owen and Protomnodon auak, is the type and only1 species of a peculiar kind of kangaroo. In giving this account of the alterations made in the classlfi fication of tho greatest living comparatif* anatomist it must not be supposed that these thingB derogate in any way from his great reputation. Mistnkes must necessarily occur whore the material is imperfect nud where, as in this case, it was of a fragmentary character. Tho subsequent alterations that have been mad* Irnvo boen due to the finding of much mor« abundant material and better specimens. The Park Presbyterian Church Young Men's Onideheld their usual weekly meeting on Thurs- day night. Tlicro was a fair attendauce of mern bera. Mr. J. 1). Henderson occupied the chair. Tho business of tho evening was " Impromptu Speeches," and Rovornl subjects were brought up for discussion, tho present modo of taxation aud our system of immigration coming in for a largo share of attention. Arrangements wer* mado for a Parliamentary debate to take place next Thursday evening, and a " Government" was formed with Mr. J. Allanas Premier. Th* meeting closed at 10 o'clock. Tho following are the rates at which engage» menta have been made for tho current week at Mrs. Dlonkiusop's employment agencies:-«. Governesses, £3,3 to £jOperannum; lady helps, £25 to £40 per anuum ; married couples, £60 ' to £00 per annum; housekeepers, los. to 20s. per week; barmaids, 15s. to 25s.; waitresses, 12s. to 1 Is.: housemaids, 12s. to los.; houwand parlour maids, 10s. to 14s.; cooks, 13s. to 35«.; cooks and lauudresscs, 12s. to 17s.; nurses and needlewomen, 10s. to 12s.; nursegirls, GB. to 9s.; kitehonmaids, 12s. to lus.; scullery-maids, 12s. to MP. ^ ; Harvest Thanksgiving Services will bo held in the Trinity Church, Woolloongabba, to-morrow, the Venerable Archdeacon Matthews oniriating. The Post and Telegraph Department advise] -" Alexandria notifies Turkish route right." 