THREE VIGNETTES. NO. I . — harsh. A dingy grocery in n dingy street; passing through tho frowsy shop; up a narrow dirt- cucrustod stairway, tho baud is upon tho latoli to enter tlio meanest room of tho poorest fltunlti'iiff in tlin Inwoaf. Mil il xrt/l of tllO CltV. All iron importers' case, roughly nnilati upon four pioces of quartering, apologises for a tablo, two cimndlers1 cusps do duty as chairs; thoro is no bedstead, only a scrim tick of straw, tlio only positivo furniture a narrow Amorican sofa, mteliod'and ; tinkered' till - ingenuity exhausted itsolf ; a tin kettle., ft tin' pliito; ono -piinnikui, ono oup. and 1 a 'ablf teapot with brokon spout and iron lid; \ -; " "1; But floor, table, and Stools' aro cloan nB scrubbing and wator can miiko tliem; tlio small window panes are burnished crystal bright, trfiiln flio urm>n u>fil1.fliii'f)i>il t'ttrtmii liiuiffa snot- less whito across them. Tho toiuint, a woman thin almost to attenua tion, the want of underclothing, tlio, tliiu cotton dross transparent with ago und wushitig, exaggerate mcagrencss to omaciztion. Sho -is etanuiiig looking out from tho window, hor oyos— us tho oyes of ono past thinking, hoping or fearing, lack lustre, vacant, sail. ; If she ovor rejoiced in feminine charms, thoy liavo been those inseparable from youtb, cheer fulness, good houlth, rosy elioeks, and bright oyes, such liavo iled. It is impossiblo to decide whether sho is yot youthful. Hor hair is abun dant, neatly dressed ; but, indood, herself, hor belongings all around her aro neat, cruelly nnat, una as cruelly cold. Tho sound of a woman's raucous, scolding voico, a Bpriugloss, uneven step upon tlio stairs —tho womau turns round us hor husband eaters. His clothing is woll worn, spare, shabby, nondescript — neither of labourer, mechanic, nor clork. Ho seats himself wearily upon tlio sofa, liis wifo beside him. Sho apoaks not a word ; ho volunteers none— tlio day has /long sinco jiassed wlion sho greeted liis ontranco with wist- l'ul hopefulness," Any chance of work, Frank i"' Sho uovor questions now; disappointment was succeeded liy a foar to liopo, which in turn fnllnil In hnnnlnaaiipaa. IIo mifrilt bo thirtv. Tlio careworn brow, grave, weary face, tho sot rigid fines rouud tho oyes and lips form fit com- pluinont to tlio fuco of tlio woman; together tlioy tableau trouble, failure, weariness of try ing whou trial proves futilo in wasted energy, or brings somo new rebuff, somo deeper humiliation. Tlio writing on tho mildewed walls of that upper ohambor is plain Iohadod. God, man, and hope havo departed tlicnco. . 2. — MEPHISIOl'HELES. " I promised I would como up, nnd horo I am. Now Frank, my hoy, what is to ho dono ? That old virago bolow sooius a vory termagant, Why; ifc'is a dead robbery to pay rent for this holo !" While tho sneaker chutlorcd, his cold kocn oyc3wanaerourestiossiyarounu,veruyunaiysing tno barrenness and nakadnoss of tlio surround ings. Frank's wifo, uftor tho first greeting, heeded him not, hut sat, licr faco turned from him, lior head upon hor hand in ail attitude of nerveless langour ; tlio vory outliuo of hor drapory, tho folds of lior poor print materialised all that could bo conceived of an aching lioart, a desolate hearth, of ull grief crowded into a life that wrestled from dawii tp dark with abject poverty. Tho visitor had a bluff, bearty mannorin speech and action, overy outward and visiblci , sign of jovial good uaturo nnd good Uuhig ) - liui worm, oorafoi-tablo attire, CXCoIloilt ill taBto'and quality, nought conspicuous, nought ' outre. Hie ago would bo somowhat a probloui to a physiognomist. From too oyes downward, too rosy checks, well-shapod sensual lips, tho round chin with its suggostivo doublo, was young ; but this sleek, jovial prosoutiment of youth was contrasted and boliod by too heavy square-aged forehead, and tho crow's foet at tlio corners of his skill, stool- groy eyes. "To be brief, Frank, you know, and you know that I know you to. possess cortain Bccrot in chemistry, usoless, utterly useless and valueless in , honest commerce ; ' to any honest man- it is a- dead, worthlosB, sciontiiic fact. Old Robinson Daut, too counterfeiter,, on liis deathbed bequeathed it to you as a priceless logaoy, and so it is in propor hands. You won't uso it— toll it to mo ; instruct rao, and thoro ia hausol." As ho spoke lie placed a ' roll of notes upon tho tablo, doxterously loosening them so they spread oat fan-like as thoy fell. A small red spot burnod on each of Frank's thin cheeks, an unholy light began to glow in his sunken oyes ; but tho light flickered out. Bib wifo stirred not, mado no sign. . " You hesitate," his tempter continued. " What fears, whut scruples bar you ? As to foar, I swoar you run no risk; tho ornele shall bo worked, and your hand novor appear. We will adrnnco by degrees; in the ond tho grand coup will bring hundreds. Hud tlio late bank defaulters known whut you know, tlioy would flfcill bo honoured mnn nnd wonlthv. WW tmf you ? Without four, without risk, what scruples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can you haVo? You havo no flxod. prin- cijilos to outrage, you aro n poiiniiess, useless," outcast Btarvolingi and I offer you immediate comfort, competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offor you hero and now that which; is to you too stopping- stone to tho realisation of -your earliest and host dreams; that which will crown you with the joy of triumph over all thoso who havo scorned, reviled, 'ana trampled 'on', you in your hitor misorios." Ho paused. Frank vf as siloht.' HiB wifo made no sign. . " I road 'your' thoughts;— chicanory, " dis honesty? ' Yos! Granted 'tis all that, but what prosperous man has his hand clooin in this city o! insolvencies, specs, and boomB f Pshaw ' You are dogradod enough now; What doopor degradation is thero than to have boon' a convict in tlio post and a pauper in tho present?" For tho first tune Frank spoko : — "I was innoeont, and you know it;" ' " Innoeont ! Of courso, objoetivoly ; far too dainty a gontloraan to soil your whito fingors, but of not too dainty a stomach to digest re sults.; - Has not too broad arrow brand sobner or ' later laid its vulture's - claw upon your ehnraotor wherovor you havo been sinco, and hero I bring you froodom,- freedom from its pursuit ; it only follows tho helpless. - I put beforo you fife, health, and suitable assooiations for men of education, wo arq suponor iu oducatiun to many who lord it iii woalth around us. Tako your proper placo. If I lovo pleasure and am not unacquainted with riot, it is tlio outcome of bitteriioss.of soul: I will Book with you the society of cultured men and roflned womon. Como, lot us to work ; what consciouco can bo loft to us, bonch-mitos on tho launches sweeps, companions iu tho quarries ?" . Frank sighed ; his wifo seemed foobly inte rested. " You repeat? Yos ! bocituso you suffer; you suffcr.becauso poor ; your poverty removed and whon comfort oomos in poiiitdnco goes out, aud you livo to bless me. You huvo asked for broad, you have rocoivod stones. Now is tho hour for you, and I am tho man, it is tho darkost hour in tho night of your misfortune. I bring tho lump to light your path to fortune, I nm tho liorald of tho dawn, tho first gleam of which to your eyes Bhall ho reflected from tho golden image of tho goddess. Why quarrel with fortuuo whon sho stretches out hor huud full of blessings simply bocauso it is her loft hand,- and not hor right? This nitot, and horo, is at your choice all that makes lifo worth living. To-morrow you will bo irapotoiitly Bwuug rouud in tho Maelstrom of unpitied iudigonce, drowning 'mid carrion und offul ; hero aro, not straws to vainly grasp, not shreds of delusive wrack to mock your obliging, but tolid spars, a stout raft to boar you Bafo nnd sound to tlio land of promise you havo long prayed to soo iind fool as solid ground beneath your foot. Your past . aud present is but a ohurnol-houso of bones, crowded with ghostB of good resolutions gono dead— your future, glorious as Canaan.' Frank was dooply movod. An eager look was on his faco. His wifo also Boomed flushed with interest. "I appeal to you, Frank, for your own sake, bo a hitin of tbo world ; by trio motuory of ouryouthful frioudship, our' common suffering I appeal to you, toaoh me that secret; I love you as my own brother, and would savo you and yours. You daro not bo a fool-rlook at your poor yojing wifo; thero, sturving. dying boforo vour oyqsj.'hor blood will bo upon your headMth6Jgirl:you' took from a happy hotq'o, from comfort, even luxury, to drag her down to this; Seo you hot, she is dying from cold, neglect, starvation, " and n broken heart. Speak, man! There: aro notes, gold, and silver ! ! 'Tell mo this secret. Let lier decide. Consent, Frank— speak for him, Rnchol !" And I say, "Go!" Rachol roBO to. lier feet, all listlessness gone, her whole form erect, dilate, quivering with life, energy, anil indomi- tablo will. No beauty— not oven good looks? Tho woman is nlivo with -tho 'lithe, nervous, vigor ous beauty of a loopardess guarding lior young. "Go! I know yon. Infalliblo instinct re veals yours the Bhadowy band, reaching oht from tho darkness, of jrour soul and my hus band's past, that lias from timo to timo, from placo to place, pointed tho way. to liis disinis-uil. Your ovll presence has secretly shadowed us even to this last refuge to attain your own ends arid purposes. Go ! you baffled hound ; to you and your liko wo bid doGriuco, hatred, ami contempt to tho bitter end.' ' My liuBbtind and I will, if needs must, go fortli together to tho mercy of tho stroot, porchauco oven to that Omoga of tho destitute, tho cold slabs of the raorguo; out ioycther , and for tho futuro — innocent.' 3,— adonai. Husband and wifo afo alouo ; each needs the other, both need God. . . Alono with memories of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, tho'dyirig moments of their de'nr.lost children. The Great High Priest officiates nt this lonely domestic altar. They partako together of a holier sacnimciit tlian tho one that joined their hands in by-gono years, united now for timo and eternity iu tho spiritual union that links them through, suffering, paticiico, temptation, trial and victory to lovo diviuo, . : One in themselves, ono with Him Crucified. All have sinned. !; Their punisliibont,' their dis cipline has not boon bpyond their strength. In 1.1... J. .:i»t /inikusnn'ta OrtT1i»mvnfl fhn HllPllit. child IIopo. Georoe II. Leoabd; Brunswick, 26th August. 