SOME CURIOUS DREAMS. (W. James's Gazette.) The good old ghost story that set our flesh creeping in the darkened chamber as we crouched by the flickering light from the hearth, the presentiment that we didn't believe in though we acted upon them, the haunted chambers, the phantom cars, and the prophetic dreams they have disappeared from literature ; they do not even find a plate in Christmas annuals. We used to believe in them as long as we knew that they were stuff and nonsense. As nobody took them in earnest it was nobody's business to discredit them. But in passing from literature they have entered into science Psychical Science. The Ghosts and the Presentiments and the Appearances and the Prophetic Dreams-they are labelled and classified as Telepathic Phenomena or Bxternalisations of the Transcendental Ego or Manifestations of the Dual Consciousness Three years ago Dr. Carl du Pre published "The Philosophy of Mysticism" in Germany, a work on which he had spent a good deal of time and a good deal of laborious acuteness. It has now been translated (very well translated), and is published in England in two handsome volumes by Mr. Redway. Those who have the patience to wade through a mass of profitless metaphysics and are not deterred by the elaborate Jargon which passes current in the Spookeries, will find something in these volumes which may help to further muddle their already mystified under- standings ; but they will not find many good stories to amuse them. As the whole structure of the "philosophy" professes to be built upon ascertained facts, it may not be without interest to give a few of the stories. The author cites a saying of For tensile, Avant d'expliquer less faith in est necessary de les constater on late rains le ridicule favour troops In cause dence qui n'est point." It is not quite sufficient to state facts ; they should be proved-a formality which is not any better observed by Dr. du Pre than by other members of other psychical schools and societies. The dramatic power of the dream hardly required to be proved in a "scientific treatise." But the Koran is, in England, a neglected book ; so a quotation is excusable: -"The Angel Gabriel took Mahornnied out of his bed one morning to give him a sight of all things in the seven heavens, in Paradise, and in hell ; which the prophet took a distinct view of, and after having held ninety thousand conferences with God, was brought back again to his bed. All this, says the Alcoran, was transacted in so small a space of time, that Mahommed on his return found his bed still warm, and took up an earthen pitcher (which was thrown down at the very in- stant that the Angel Gabriel carried him away) before the water was all spilt." The Mahdi could invent a dozen dreams as good as this and as for Osman Digna well, he has given his proofs, Here is a more diverting story. It illustrates the eternal conflict between the higher and lower parts of Man's nature-or Woman's, rather :-" Before her senses were suppressed, but while she was already gravi- tating towards somnambulism, she said Where am I ? I am not at home in the head. There is a strange struggle between the pit of the stomach and the head ; both would prevail, both see and feel That cannot be it is a tearing asunder. It is as if I must send down the head into the stomach if I would see anything. The pit of the stomach pains me, if I think above and yet down there it is not clear enough. I must wonder, and that with the head, over the new disposition of the stomach." In this dyspeptic age anything about the stomach is interesting, and there are many persons who would admit that they are not at home in their heads. There is a cruel hit at the doctors in the story of a lady " who could foretell her complaints quite regularly and certainly by dreaming of her physician." That is what comes of consulting a specialist. You will always find that you are suffering from the complaint which he has been appointed to cure, Tertullian is supposed by some com- mentators to be indulging in a sly dig at the faculty when he makes these remarks : " When the demons cure diseases,' it is because they have themselves caused them ; they prescribe effectual remedies, and then it is believed they have driven away the disease because they have ceased to cause it." Quia desires readers, curasse credulity.) It is said to be an esoteric rule amongst a certain class of doctors, if a patient comes with a complaint which they don't understand, to give him one which they do understand and to cure that. It appears that somnambulist are like other persons successful in treating their own ailments. Here is a case : "Kerner says of one of his somnambulist that what she prescribed for herself acted ' with mathematical certainty,' but her pre- scriptions for others were of less avail ; his explanation being that the patients did not closely observe the hours prescribed for the remedies-a point much insisted on by somnambulist, who explain failures, and also the alterations they make themselves in their prescriptions, by the imperfect execution of their directions." "Somnambulism" has often been offered in one of the divisions of the High Court of Justice as the explanation of awkward evidence which can- not be met by a point-blank denial. Som- nambulism appears to be animated by good intentions, which it does not always succeed in carrying out :-"Champignon knew a girl who led an irregular life with her magnetism, and whom he resolved to reform In somnambulism, according to his wish she felt for the first time, a violent remorse, and made the best resolutions. Awake, she was as dissolute as ever. The inclination to improvement lasted only until she met her former magnetism and allowed herself to be put to sleep by him. Henceforward there was no difference between her disposition in somnambulism and in waking." On the other hand, the Widow Petersen (a lady who enjoys a great reputa- tion in spookical circles) was never guilty of falsehood in " the Deep Sleep," though in her waking hours given to indulge in Yarra daddies of quite a monumental character. The mysterious passion of love is asserted to be a proof of personal dualism. The theory is hard upon the ladies. " Many a one loves a maiden not only in spite of faults condemned by his consciousness, but on account of those faults which are agreeable to the unconscious. Such for instance, are expressions of feminine humour and levity, which may promote passion, while we recognise them with misgiving." From many different points of view it seems essential for every- body to give up the vain delusion of imagining himself not to be somebody else. "If thus, supplementing the problem of external cognition, we apply diligently to self-cognition, this is the shortest way to revive our demand for metaphysics, without which no religion, no philosophy, no true art is thinkable." But somehow or other religions, philosophies, and arts have managed to come into a kind of spurious existence and to enjoy a kind of spurious success ; nor do they seem for their existence or success to be indebted in any the slightest degree to the vapouring of mysticism who call themselves philosophers or (what is not quite the same thing) Doctors of Philosophy. To be quite fair, we subjoin Dr. Carl du Peel's reply to criticisms upon his method I have undoubtedly the right to demand from a critic not only philosophical preparation, but also a knowledge of the most important of the works I have cited ; but to emphasise this demand is unfortunately necessary at a time when journalistic re- viewers who have made no regular study in any direction are thought capable of criticism in every direction, and who, without thoughts of their own, have leisure to dis- figure and maltreat the thoughts of others." These words are taken from the author's preface. In order that we part with him on thoroughly good terms we record an instance of somnambulism which he has omitted to quote. At Tappington, in England, one of the guests in a country house-a lieutenant in the English army missed every morning a pair of trousers from his bedroom. The mystery was as unpleasant as it was puzzling. The story is told at length by a local chronicler. We quote from memory the most important passage. " He was in the act of stooping to deposit the pantaloons in the grave which he had been digging for them, when Tom Ingoldsby came behind him and with the flat of the spade-. The shock was sufficient. Never again did Lieutenant Seaforth act the part of somnambulist. His breeches, his silk-net pants, his gray trousers with the red stripe of the Bombay Fencibles, all were unearthed from what had promised to be their last resting-place." The substantial accuracy of this narrative may be tested by reference to the curious and learned re- searches published by Herr Ingoldsby. 