The P resbyterian Jubitcd. THE CLOSjNG SKI?VICE. Scots Church was crowded to its utmost capacity on Thursday night (report? (he ■dgr), when the closing service of the jobilpp celebrations fra- held Tbe Bpr. Dr. Maogregorjipne of tlie di-nutics fronl Scotland, preached,, lakinc for liis te£t Acts xi., 17 and 28, and for his theme, Fresbytcrianism. H e claimed far it that its form of government was the nearest lo that of the early Apostolic Church iesiituted diflicultieB by the which Saviour himself. The serinus disciples, as soon as their Lord loft them, proceeded !o the exorcise of tbe functions oF the church, and at once put into active exercise the ministry of preaching, of prayer, the administration of the aftcra* menu, and the admission of members. On tbe day when the disciples Were in the upper room, when the Holy Ghost same upsn them, be cburcb was fairly launched, and it was significeta of its vitality that the marvellous rapidity with which it spread immediately after this was greater than it has ever been since. The last of the Apostles aou'd carry hiB remembrance from the little company which bandei together in the upper room in Jcrmalem, and could tnvcl from liome to Aeia Minor, from tbe Rhine to tbe Tagus/and could find no considerable city where the Go-pei bad not bpen preached, and few in which a Christian community bAd nol been formed either by himeelf or liis companions In point of fact the first 30 years of its existence were the most momentous in the church's history. With tbe passing away of tho la«t of the Apostles the church nrigbr. be raid to have passed frc'm a somewhat unnatural condition anf to have eutcred ufoq those natural conditions upon which we no* based it. The disciples had aeoo and talked with the Master, andjhad received from Him powers which their successors did not inherit, 'they bad transmitted authority to aiders in the churches they founded, and the authority had come down in unbroken succession to the present day. Tho disciple*’ churches were modelled on the tonu them by Chrj6t, but as they could not from the nature of their mission stay long in one place various forms of gorernment crept in. At the time of Christ tbe Jews had the service of the Synagogue, a service in which the Saviour and his d'sciples often participafed, and the form of government was that of the Presbyterian Church of lo-da3' —a form of representative church government, of ruling and teaching elders, while questions of grave import were submitted to as asrembly of tbe elders or ministers of the church. Pre ibjterianism of to-day had one great Head, as had also the early Apostolic Church ; it had a great High Priest, aa the Fathers had in the early times. Its policy wes similar to ihoiri; they had no earthly head, neither had Presbyterianism, but its asaemblica rcre presided over by a mudcvator or •resident who was chosen from among iis fellows for a stated time, and so was tho moderator of a Prcsbitcrian Assembly. In the earlv days, nud after the apostlep, differences hogfii to creep in in methods of government, and some churches of the prescm day were founded partly on the models of those churches. The Presbyterian form of government was theoretically perfeet, but there wrro poiuts in which it might be improved. In Eptscopalianism tho Bishop or Archbishop the earthly head of the church; in sbyterianism they had no stated bead. »Christ Himself, but in matters of governmout it might bo as well if the Episcopalian came down a little from his high exclusiveness, and tbo Presbyterian ascended a little above his pedestal, and a blending of the best points of the two was maV. There was, however, no_ rooza for the cburchvs to find laultw ith each other; it were belter that they should join forces to light the common ---------- * . . . . . . kingdo occupied early an hoar eml-B- hefi delivery. 