T H E B O N D M A J N * ? GHAPTUBXX, " . Br HALT, OAINB.; K'-40M Setinatafe"^ Boaor •Hagor1y 1 Tlie SIiudou- ornCrlT.e," e'-C-.wta. : .^ •.. Thoro^mH-ahort flhnft.for BsdJason. Ho rs --^ iiic^>yiho MiirtmaarK»08pot,_ima that ...; i-wiuj tta s wiminal xb art .o ver wiutli flie Biahop m -'• Ha civil capacity presided, .vrtth nmG- of his • :rieMbours - on . the -Ixmoh i.-bogida-liim. From thkcoarfcmappeilwiia possiblototho Court o£ : ;v:thVQaor tor,again fromUio Quttrtcr Court •;.;.io.tiio'Hisb Court of Althing: but appallm ..this«nso:-.tfiSro ?wna, none,' for tUero H-oa no dc- , lena>. v AndljetainsoIoolanaic lan- did not allow thempriBbiimmt o£ a, criminal until Kftttln liadb^Gn fKnitenoeil.niiinque.'it, wa.s called forth- .-wtliJ : .le3t JafiQii':Blionld eacane or compaeB the i cnmb .to had.atfcmptacL •- So the Court of Inmuiy-Bat.tlie Bamo night in Uio.wooden shed uat served'.; Both for.. Senate' mid House .0£ .Justice. * •• '. -. •-:•: ' : .'''.'•'•' " . - ' Tha snow^ m nowfullinghoavily, and-the • hour lito,. but .tho court-house .wis *J; iduarinte- BTOTOS ;». liitlo J I M * - * plaiuboxj '. baro, featuraeso. and oUll, wiUi walls, roof and - w6aiyimir,So6i of,hard earth.;.; Four; '-..f&ort.;^^ ieiffieaajthevBa^^ jffi^iows teneaffiHid; ^the •ddojr^e.v^ectAtbrs wcroirowde.dto;-, place ^T^^li^t^'^^andlejB, «&id; '.^v/iwmfl' : v^iUBhers; bh tlie reiidVof .long BtiokB/ and a ie^ ' : were ; huhg' to - the roof raftera'-by hemp ropes fc-ti&rabbut; -their. middlei-. The floor:ran Iike a, vetreaii^tind: ^ . waB 'full of--the \- ;,<s.yapour. bf 'the; sz^oxv ;that :.wa8. melting. on.the -.•.people's dothes.v.Nothing could.be ruder than -^thB.Murt-hoiiBe,. biit.the courtthat eat there oh-. \---.caved :a: role ofV procedure that was almost an •'.- -.Lidolatry of •form.'- ;»-.-. ... ,...-.• , : {Th'e pnsoher wafi called.by the same of Jason, ... BonbfcStephenOrryVandhaving.answered ina . . -.vToiceVBo -Hollo w; that, it seemea to come oat of .... fie; earth beneath him. he rose to his place. Bis' . attitude/was .dull and impassive, and he .se emed, ihittdly'toisee the restless. crowdthatinurmured' eight ;bt-him. Bis .tall figure stooped,thoie . . wasacloudon-hisBtrongbrovv, and.a slow fire. in His/blobd-shot eyes,. and his red hair, long as / a;woman'fi, hung.in diBordered masses down his .r- worn • cheeks; to. his shoulders,. Tno'Bishop,' a .- -venerable -prelate.of. great age, looked at Vim . . . . and thought, " That man's heart isdead within'- . •him»" • ...;Tho mouthpiece^ of-the: oourtwas a middle- • ,' : ;.aged man,\ who" was short,. had littlo pierchig : eyea,: a sguaio brush, of iron-grey, hair that stood- : : et^ across the top .of his corded forehead, and' . - A . crisp. : dear utterance,' like the crackle of a -'-•horse'shoofs.on".the-frost.. -• . .. . . •. - H... Jason was chargedwith aa attempt to take .• the life of Michael .Sunlocks, first President of .. Ihe second Eepablic. He did not plead'and .-tad no;defcnce, and the witnesses against him h .spoke only in answer .to the leading qxiestions of •-thejudges;,' .-... The fiwt of the witnesses was Greeba hetiself, \- •and her; evidence, given. in English, was inter- .. . pre'ted by on interpreter... All herbrave strength \- -was. now gaiie.. ; She trembled Tisibly.' - Her veyes were down, her.head. was bent, her face oWis half •hidden by : the; hood of- a cloak-she \- • wore,-aiid her tones were'-baroly audible. She . .liad little to . say-; . The .-prisoner had forced his' i -. way. into :Government- house, and there, to her . ownface/liad. threatened to take the life of her - . .-..husband*; ~In plain -words he had dona'so, and . then-made show of going in pursuit of hec,husband that he might cariy out his desigrL • " Wait," said the Bishop, " your husband •was not present ?";. . "No,*' Baid Greeba. . "There was, therefore, no direct violence?" ' • -: -VNone.V. And the whole,-sum of the prisoner's offence, «b fax as you knovr. of it, lies" in the use of the words that you have repeated ?" . j.-Then^turiiing-'tb tSe.spokesman of the court, lifei! ? ^ and'-fio wj-my lordj ^lishall ^ow'rthafr'^heVpnsonw.h^^^^ wail ^TOtnesses-.followed-.fhen'i.-. '-ITearly ioveiybne'iiad summoned--wiih^- wHo'itl Jason had es- A:<shdhged" words', since'he--hmded : eight days .: before. ' : There' was :the.leaii student who' hadtold. him of: the -driU- at the.-latw school, the ;.: little tailor who "had explainedth'e work" at the gaol, the . stuttering- doorkeeper; at the'sanate- : house, sindoneof the masonsat;thefort.-v^"Much -'•was made of the fainting-in the.Cathedral yard on -'the Sunday •moniihg,; and' out .of the deaf ., landlady, the Cathedral caretaker, some start- .'ling disclosures seemedto'-be drawn. ••'•' '' 'T Still," said the old. Bishop, "I see no overt \- act.^ • - - • • •-.-•••• . ^.Gobd-. gracious, my lord,M said . the little spokesman, " ore we, to -wait trntil the knife itself has been reddened?" " God forbid,sald.the old Bishop. .-Then.came two'' 'witnesses, to. prove motive. The-first of them-, was the tipgr comrade of former days; who..had drawn Jason into the. drinking-abop. He could say of liis own know- ledge .that- Jason was. ..jealous of the^ new. governor; The two were brothers in. a sort of •way.:: So people said,:and so Jason had told him. .They had the. same.father,-but'different mothersi-. Jason's mother had been the daughter, of the old governor, .who turned hisftdck' bn her atHermarriage.';.. her death he^relented/ and . ..tried-to^findJasbn, but couldnoti and then took >up..withvMichael.Suhlocks. r Peoplesaid'that was * the .beginniiig. of. tho" ie w governor's fortime. '-' : At oll'-'ey? 11^3 \ Jason .thought-he had ' been supplanted,' was very. wiothj and swore he' WflWdlwreyenged. '^;-^'_....-. ' The second-of'the two y 'witnesBes pointed to a -very different motive;..- He was'one.of the three Danes ,-who^had :twice; spoken' to f Jason—the : elderly; man ofthe 1 : meek: and' quiets manner. TThbughhimselflc^al-to thb^lcel^ . he,had .been'much-Tthrbwii among, itstenemies.- . Jason..was one of thtem; he.came bere^sia spy. . airtetffomfGopenhigeni'-rand,his C0nsfciuitas60-' : -Ciates ^ere.Thomse^^-ol^twKite-heaaeamaa - twng in.the.High'sti^t,VandPblveaea, a young' and - sallow; man^who Jcept ; one'.of -tho 'fitorcs. Jason had : jflS^^itf.. eyidenoe -thiiro >wnsla • defep' murmur amon^tHe 'people,' - and>it .was seen that Greeba. hadris^-.agaiu.to ~her feeti i.-Hefheartbunied \- and stoimed .^vifchih-her.":;:She tried to epeak but '.. could^aot.. ^,-Atthat^, moment : Jdsoa turned - his ..TJobdshbt. ;ey,es;;ih.Kei : .dir,e'^tiohi 'and; then her Imbs:"gaye :-way: undercherii'.MdMiesankback • -with ,am6an.;V:: THe^pouft.misread her emotion;. . . and-'.she • wias. jemoved^ .Jason ? 6 Ted. eyes fol- •; • j i- v • . ^ a^HM^esTfor f^b^Woa^g^notfor ;£raftei&ih;?.6ur';rold;;X^ if i man : -threaten: .tb^Blay^bth&manhe;^^shall^ibeTrornedi • : :the'C-gravify.^f r-the} '' crime'"-he": coate'mplatea • "y. .fkGt^^h^y^/my.ild^l .cried the little' , -." Gpd'foriend," eaid the Bishop. . :.It was lawful to question, the prisoner, and eo fce^wasquestioned.;., f-'L . .V^Is'it.true' thatyon hdve'been.lying.in wait' ioM theJ?riMident.?^;askfid the spokesiBah." •• \\-3ut Jasottmadeno answer. v. ' ; ,ff Xs'^ t'trueT.tEat youMikve^one sb'froma dewe for.peiBonal^vengeance ?" • 'vNoaiiswer,. ."1_". J - Ṿ , .: { 0r from political motives •?»»• . . Noanswier.- .-.. . /^Oiiboai.?/''i . • Still no'aiiBwer.; ' .JThen 1^ -tEe,^^ok<^an; COUrt."" '- 4 ' THa . Viarefrrftmno inf +ho l Ti ! pi: soher-'i r^sniled.; .':. :<t Walt,?.! Baid the old' Bisliop, and hetiirned •••to.wards.Jasonr'-'v----'. '•;.'--•'"••.: ^•^M.JMon-gave iib'^ignu^ ""'Though the -xaan who cdmpassM\tK^: destruction of a single -life : is as though he Jiad'aestroye'd a world,'for "the ..posterity of him^wfcd' is '"dead " might have iTfiUea-u-^o jm,^yefe^hare ;all>lawi3 ofmaiit since •the.Pe'ntateuch .recognised certain- ;conditions . that limit .the'^vity, of the -crime. If the man 'whois slainibas himself' slain the .near Idixdred ' rio longCT^hold^hlm'. guiltl&j; on in the ancleiit -; the irnle and'.sen-*- tenoe,- neither ..would it punish him aa a murderer,, who 'muBfc'"ea!t tho bread arid drink the water of misery all-his days. . Now what is truevof murder must bo" true of 'intent to. murder,- and -though' I am loth to believo it .possible in this instance^ honouring and loving as. wo all - do that good man whom- you are ^lmr^d.mth-lying-in wait to kill;-yet.in my duty. must.rl '. ask .-you 'this, -questiou— has Michael Sunlocks spilled . blood of Your blood, -and: is. it as a.^ redeemer, of blood that you go about to slay hun V' 1 : -There was a dead hush in: tiie little crowdcd • court-house as Jason lifted his heavy, bloodshot .-eyes-'to. the Bishop's face and-answered, weary, .voice, .• < Ihave:nolhing to say.V"- - vThen>an ogod Lutheran .priest, who had sat viithin the rail, with a snuff-bos in hibhahd aiid a.rbd print haudercliiof acrosa his knee, hobbled ^ to'the witness' stool jihd -teudere'd 'evidence., He could throw light oh the prisoner's hatred of .the President; if it was' truo- that the Px-csideut wasa6ono'f 'Stephen ; OrTy. - • Ho.knew tho prisoner,'audhad named him inhis baptism.' Ho had known the prisoner's mother, also, and had sat-with her at her death. It was'quite true that she was a - daughter of the late 'Go\ , and had been badly treated by.her father. But she. had been'yet more badly treated by her husband;., who married igaiu. while she was still dlivej ;and had another-'sou. by the othor wife.- .Ou her deathbed" slio had hoard of 'this,- and toldiho prisoner,'Trho' then and- thore, this witness beiiig-'presentj .mndo .aa awful vow of •vengeance .upon his fathers- dud bis 1 -fatlier'i ••': -^he ibld '.-^^' ^ti^eaiA his' ^ordsj^t^qulvott.tbauch; the: courthouse. Even t Joson,>lio im^^Q^^o-'lhtoifest-savo' when Greeba was xeSotcd, hfted'uiriilshlbod^ •'•te^ey^-agdin-Md.-Jist^ L A H D T H O - B I S H O P V V I S I B L Y . R M B V E D ^ ' . T I I ^ E D - ' T O •the j court-and:Said,." <f Let us.put this prisoner ^^•to^'t^'hy^bSl^^poiuli^d the Lag- ,What>;my : iordl» cried "the littlo [robkesnian,'%ith a lofty, look, " arid sot him at liberty in." the Meantime, to carry out the crir^ -.threatens .'•' • > . :"'Heaven.forbid," said the Bishop. i', f Eemember, until.he has bcen. cond< iwo have no. power .to hold him," said the spokesman. ' ..'. ;-The Bishop turned ,to an usher and said, /'.Bring '.ine the-Statute Book,'.' and the great tb'mo '.wfls brought. The Bishop opened it and a^ain turned,to thoprisoner.,.". The Almighty," "*.biie,man at.the.begi ' uen are brethren, and of'our old country provides that when two have had',disputes and pursued/each • other on account.of. hatred,.even as.brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now listen to tho words I shall read to you, and bo ready, to say if .you will swear to them." Then a great silence fell upon tho people,' while in solemn, tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath. . . ." Ye two shall bo set. at one and live friendly together,. at meat and at drink, in the AlQiihg and at meetings, at kirk prayero and'in king's palace; and in whatever place else menmeet together, there shall ye be so set at one, as if this quarrel had never como'between you;- Ye shall share knife and meat together, and atl things besides, as friends and not as onemies." The Bishop paused and looked over his' spectacles at Jason, who'stood as before, with the cloud on his brow and the slow fire, in his deep eyes, but with no 6igu of feeling or interest. " Will you promise to 6wear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear-to it .with you?" said the Bishop. -Then all. eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. "No," he growled. . The spokesmanshifted in his seat aud the people.grew restless.: '"-Listen again;" said the Bishop, and liis long white'beard shook and his solemn voice rose to a shrill cry a* he twisted back to the book and read ' .; ; . _ "'But. if one .of you be so' mad that he breaks this truce thus made, and.slays-after .pledges have been made and his blade Has reddened^ ho shall be oh outlawy accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves'fortheat away. . He shall be banished of- Go d and all go od Christian men, as 'far . 'as . Christian men seek churches,- as.inothen. bring forth :sons,:son calls mother, flames blaze, up,;. mankind. kindle fire; earth is greeo^ sua shines*,.and'show, coyors the.grbund: nwiyGba^ house; aiid man3ond;^^.sand/iromeveiy.hbme^ave ^ • .v, - ^^Then^Bre': was ; d rpauso :ah_d .a--gTeat -huih, • ?anl^"^ishot>>5if^hiB : :eyes ; ifom ::^vl t . ; WillyouBg r ear-toit ^^g^i'jaUjey® Jasonj-and' .agmnhlsi'^eiSsrhich had been impassive, toot : the-look of-a bated r dbg. ; - r-. • • ... : • " No, no,. no !f?.he cried in a loud voice, andthen : .the. great silence- was broken by .deep % M U T T D U I B . : . .' - u^r It is useless," said the spokesman. :"Wardings, and peace oaths, though still valid; are the machinery of another age. . This prisoner is not ignorant of the giuvity of the crime he contemplates, nor- yetof the penalty attaching toit."i . Thei-e ^as an audible murmur of assent from the people. . That's true,?' said one. • '." It's, the truest word spoken to-night,", said another. " The old man isall for mercy,"said a third. "It isn't safe, 7 ' said a fourth. And there was other whispering, leringy and much noddiug of heads and shuffling of feet. Encouraged by these comments tho . little spokesman added— •" In • any ; other country at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly dapped into prison." v "Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself up and said, " In any other country a criminal who showed no fear of the death that hung over him .would be straightway consigned to a madhouse." "We have ho .madhouse in'this island, my lord;" 6aid tho little 1 spokesman, "save tho Sulphur Mines, and there he-must go." . Wait/' said the'Bishopi" and;ouce again ho turned to tho' prisoner. " If this court should agree to ship you out of Iceland will you promise never more to return to it 7" For\the third time all eyes were turned on Jason, but he did not ceemto hear the Bishop's question. '"..'.'. . . "Will you promise?" said tho Bishop again.' • : : ." ,':. ... " No,V said Jason. .' C -VDangerous' trifling," said tho spokesman.', " When you s'^'Ja mad'dog you strangle it."' ?{4Ayt M$,V; ciied;" many;.voices at once, and great : excitemeut pre vaile d. • - ; . ; The oid.23i&bp;:draw.-Cbaak .witha sigh of relief. iHe loved'Michael Sanlocks • aud hod been eager to save'him;,:. He pitied Gxeeba,-and for her sake also, .had been anxious to protect her husband., : Bdt:from the mom(mt he saw Jasoa. and thought,' < . , :Thatman?sieart is dead within him,'vhis love -had' r etrogglbdwith .liis sense of duty.'. As .thf..trial?;went.^ bered Jason and recalled^his'.bitter history, and seized with a strongB^pathy'he vhadstrained' every ner\''e to keep back his ptmishment.- He had done all hie could do, : he had nothing to reproach himself .with, and 'full of a deep and 6ecretioy- at the certainty of the safety of Sunlocks, he now. fell back.that the law might take its course.; V. . v '•:•'•-:'.• ;-.;•:"•'. • ' . The - Coi^l was'-counted deUvered^.j udCTueiit.' \' :The t;sent^ce .-iif .^tHiB 1 ' Cbuft^' 'he SDj^;,-V-ia^th^ybu..'be:remoV here pa' the.Sulphur;:lEnesj-.arid:be kept there siivmonths ^certmnj i.and - os ;16rig .thefeafter as ••you"refuse to take : the Oath^bf-Peace pledging yourself ;fbr ever; as lohg'as you live or the world eudures,' J to be at one with your .cndmy.as brotherab^oreaU men living. •..••• Now Greeba alone knew the' truth about Jason..-When she had fled from Mann without, word or warning it. Had not been out of fear of him; but . of her 'brothers. Hor meeting with Michael Sanlocks,-her short 'stay with the good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage and the festival that followed, bad passed lior by like a dreamt rTlien;came the first-short parting with S unlockB'wheri'Jie had«oidp mustleave you .'fbra'iortmght, for theimeh sent in search of your lather have blundered and returned without.Him." She had.cried.a littleat_that,'and he liad Idssed* her, • and-inado a brave show of his courage, .though, she could see the tears in his own ."big-, shining eycs.-.But it'wasr all a. *dreami a sweet and happy' : dream," and only by the...oomiDg.of, Jason hud "the.dream been ' Then f^ow^ beiv^'iror,'her plea, her fear ior. her husband's life, her. .defiance of. Jason, and the_chorge she mado^^againrthimi . . :, And:ihe first'biirst of-her passion over, she. had thought ito.herself,- .^'-My husband is safe, 'bui JaBon-mU now tell'all andX ehall bo'i loBt and -ruinedwoman,'.'C for..-nbthing v had" she'yet said to Michael Suhlbcks concernlng the man' who hadrwooed and' won'and released her .during : .the;long yeats;i>f .his.silence and her trouble. "He will.-hear, the story now," she thought,'." andnotjxbm my own iips but from Jason's."' - ' r Being- then so far.immersed she could not but ••jgoonrand so she: had allowed-herself to be led ••tothe court-house.-'. No-one there had thought to ; ask her if- she.had; known ; -anytliing of Jasori looked iit her with eyes of reproach that seemed to eo through her soul, bo seemed to be sayinp. " This is but half the truth.. Dare you not toll tho rest?' Then Usteuiug to tho lying of other witnesses, and looking up at Jnsou's face, BO full of pain, and seaiug'how silent ho was under cruel perjury, sho romomborod tl-at this man's worst crime'had been his lovo of her, mid so she staggered to her foot to confess overy thing. Whon she cathe to horsqlf aftor that, she was home and hers, and her. "He will toll all," she thought, "and evil tongues will raaka it worse, and shame will fall upon my husband, and I shall be Jostt. Jqstj 'lost." • ••*- * She waited with foveiish impatience *for1 ho coming of tho Bishop'to tell her the result ol' the trial, and at length he came. "What have thoy' dono with him?" she cried; and lio told her. -. ." What defence did he make ?" she asked. . "' None," said the Bishop. " What did ho say she asked again. " Not a word but 4 No,'" said tho Bishop. Tlien she drew a long . breath of immense relief j and at the nest instant sho reprouclied herself. How litUe of soul she had been! Aud how great of. heart had beon Jason ! He could have .wrecked hor life with'a word, but ho.hadheld his peace. She bad sent him to prison,' and rather than " * - * ^3 — himself - to be smitten: and.mean..' .V • •And M1III1.IIU the -Bishop',' .. .^uuyui^,' Jxa7iag, : he'. nthought, •^banished Groeba's • lirior,-: hobble^to.the.door,; for no wt oticL '^bi-finp w ~ V Thepobir'sbiil w^db'y^W'jro^ mischief now.'.V.Pobr lad! poorhid'!' teir loll,; ho is rnbee fit for a madhouse than foria prison.: Go 0 d nigbt, ; my ^ihild ^ goo dnight. V':'.',-,-,' f r... And so.the.good ola:man went his way; \ . -. It ^vos intended that Jason should start for the sulphur' mines the'following day, aiid he wa6 lodged overnight in a little houso of detention that'stood on tho south of the High street Butthb enow continued't" fall the whole night through, and iu the'morning the roads wero impassable. Then it was decided to postpone the long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost sot in, and tbe desolate white wastes to be crossed become hard and firm. -It was now Wednesday of the second weok in October—the Gore month—and -the Icelanders wore already settling down to the long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants: begmi to sleep tho livelong day in their deserted stores, in the cheanstead, :and tho bonders, who had come up with tho last of their stock, to drink and doze in tho taverns. All that day .the' snow. . fell in fine dust like flour, until, white as it : was, the air grow dark with it. At the late dawn of tho nest day tho snow was still falling, and a violent gale had then risen. Another and another, and yet another day went by, and stilL the snow fell and the gule continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only atuooa through tho giddy air a fiery glow bumed for an hour along the southern sky and thcu went out. Nothing could be seen of fell or fiord, and nothing could be beard save the baying'of the hounds at night, and the roaring of the sea at all times,' for - the wind made no noise in the soft suow, but drove it along in sheets like silent ghosts. . Never before had Greeba seen anything so terrible ; and still more fearful thaa the great suow itself was tho anxiety that it brought her. Where was Michael Suulocks ? Where was her father? There was billy one other whose condition troubled lier, and. she kuew too well where be was—he wus lying in tho dark cell of the dork house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning, when. she awoke and turned to the window, as was Her wont, to learn if the weary snuw was still falling, she could sec nothing at first for the coating of ice and hoar-frost that covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, the wind bad fallen, tho ..air was clear, and the- light was ooming. The. buildings of the town,. from tho cathedral to tho hovels of the - fishing quarter, looked' like snow: mounds in the desert;. the black waste of lava was gone ; the black beach was gone ; tho black jokulls - were gone ; the black headland was" gone that had stretched like a giant^ hand of.many fingers into the black, fiord; but height above height, and length beyondlongth, as far as from', ski to sky and from sea to sea,-the world lay:lifeless and silent, and,white iMoundher.;..;,- ;',.' '.;•,•;.'.;•" . .•-• ;t .'' : '. ^iTheii-'.the:. town .being oriceMnore ;r.awaio';' a.'lit'tle .English"; maid;-; .whom - Suhlbrifo:"had found' fo'r'\\-.her, _Tfrbm Oscar; . the":! young man ; who ...had :: . -gone ••' out: in [search: of her; father - • and. - returned •. without • him; Jason was ill. Five, days he had eaten nothing; and nothing had he drunk except water. He was in a fever—a brain fever—and it was now known for certain that he. wastbe man who had fainted outside the cathedral.on tho marriage morniiig,.. that he had been ill ever sinco then, and that the druggist of the High street had bled him. .. . With these tidings Greeba. hurried away to the-bishop. The poor man has. brain fever," she 6aid. " He was ill when he made tbe threat, andwhen he. recovers he will regret it. I am sure ho will—I know he will. Set him : at liberty, for mercy's sake," she cried;, and slio trembled as she spoke, lest in the fervour of her plea the bishop should read hor secret. . . But he . only shook his head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very, gently, though every word weut to her heart like a stab: " Ah, it is like a good woman to plead for one who has injured hor. But no, my child, no ; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any- thing for him save the President himself; and he is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." " He is likely," thought Greeba, andstraightway she conceived of a plan. She would go to Jason in his prison. Yes, she herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeance and be at peace with her hu&band.; Then she would wait for the return of Michael Sunlooks, and plead with that dear heart that could deny her nothing, to grunt her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood beween -these two to separate them, would at length stand between tbem to bring them to- So thinking, and crying a little, like a true woman, at the prospect of so much joy, she waited for Jason's recovery that she-might carry her purpose • iuto, effect; . Meantime, she contrived to send him jeUies and soups, such as might tempt-the appetite of a sick man. She"-thought, she sent them secretly, but with less than: a. woman's wit -she employed.-a woman ou her -errand. This erson .was the-little English .maid, and she Eanded over tho duty to Oscar, who was her sweetheart. Oscar talked openly of what he was doing, and-thus all Beykjavik knew that the tender- hearted young wife of the Governor held communication of .some, sort with tho man whom she had sent to jail. \- Then one ? day. on. hearing that Jason was better, though;: neither .was he so well as^to' travel nor was' tho v ssiovf.hard 'enough to walk upon, Greeba stole : across -to;.the.rprison in the dark of:the afternoon • saying.nothing .t'o anyone' TKels&tfenng;^^ was the ; j dObt^aii d;ho 7,b etray e'd' great ^con'ceril,wh eii Greeba a^k'ed;to G cehis pris oncr/sh o wing by his \ghostlyylbbks,'.for- liia ' wbrds woiild not come, tliatit.wbuldhe rasK bn-lier?part; after helping, so muchltowards Jason's iinprisoninent; to trust : herself in hifi presence. • "'But'wHat have I to fear.?". she thought *, and with a brave emile, 6he pushed Her way through. ,. •": \- She found Jhson in a square box built of Heavy pilesi laid horizontally both for wallsand roof, dark-.and damp and muggy, lighted by day by 'a bole in the wood not.larger thana man's hand,, and in the night by a sputtering candle hung-from^^the'rafters.'' He"; sat .on a stool ; bis. face was worn', his .head was close cropped to relieve the heat of his brain, and on the table by his side lay all his red hair, as long as his mother's waswhea it fell,to the shears of the .Jo won the. wharf. . He gave no sign'.when Greeba entered, though he knew she was there, but sat with his face down and one hand on the table. \- " Jason," she said, " I am ashamed. It is I who have brought'you to. thiB. Forgive me— forgive "me •!. But my husband's life was in danger, and what wus I to do ' Still he gave no sign. - " Jason, . she said again, " you have heaped coals of' fire on -my. head ;"ior I have done nothing but injure youj-and though you might, have done as much for meyou never have." • Atthatthe- fingersof his hand on the table grasped the edge of it convulsively. .. " But, Jason," she ssid, " all is not lost yet; No, for I con save you still. Listen. You shall give me your promise to make peace with my husband ; and when myhusband returns he will grant, mo your pardon; Oh, jes, I know, ho will, for he is tender-heartedj • and he- will forgive you; yea,-.he will forgfve ^u,My curse on him and his forgiveness," cried Jasoii, rising sUid^nly oud bringing his:- fist < (Sown on ll^y Uib'.e. J Who L> he that ii? should UL, WlUl tiUU uumuv iu; urging me tp spaiik. Aud for all that you have mo to suiter he shall ..yet pay double. Let it go ou; let liiiu send mo awav; .lot him bury me athis raiuea. But I shall livo to find lurii yet. Someth'ing tells mo that I HIItill not die until 1 havu met with that muu faco to face." And Grocba went back homo with these mad words ringing in hor care. " It is useless to try," she thought. " I have done ull I oau. My husband is bufore everything. I shall say no'thuig to him now." None tho less she cried vory bitterly, and was still ciyiug when at bedtiino her little English maid caiuc up to lier and chattcrod of tho news -of the day. . It seemed that some Danish storekeepers on the ,choapstcad had lately been arrestcdas spies,'brought to trial and cor demned. Whon Greeba, awoke nest morning, after restless night, while tho town still lay asleep, aiid only tho crouk of the ravens from the rockt above tho fiord broke the silenoe of the late dawn, she heard the hollow troad many footstop3 oil tho frozou suov tho Thiugvellii- road, and peering through the wiudow,. which was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy procession. Throe men, sparsely clad in thin tunics, snow stockings, and skin caps, walked heavily in file, chained together, hand to hand andlog to leg,' with four armod warders, closely muffled, to the eare, riding leisurely beside them. Thoy wore prisoners bound for thesul- ,phur mines under Heckla.- The first of them • was:Jasoii, and He • swung • along with : his, long .stride'and ^is'shom>ieM Jhrowu :b'ack- 004 his: •.Aaflia'iacp^vli&a; J.°It-^as more than -"Geeba. could .bear to look upon :tbatsight; -Eorlt brought back the memory btthat'other iiightoh thatotlier morning, when Jdson ;citmo leaping down to her from* tho 'mountains,'over gorse andcushag and hedgeand ditch.'-So she turned lier head away and covered her eyes-witli her hands. And then one—two —•three—four—the heavy footsteps went over the enow. The nest thing she knew was .that her English maid was iu her bedroom, saying, " Some strangers in the kitchen are asking for you. They, are Englishmen, aud have just come ashore, and they cull themselves your brothers." CHAPTER XXX. TUB FMUBUOTUiiUS. Now whonthoFairbrot'ners concluded that thoy could never give rest to their tender consciences until they had dono right by their poorsi6ter Greoba thoy set themselves striightway to con- sider tho ways and means. Ballucraino they must sell in order that its proceods might be taken to Greeba as her sliare and interest; but Ballacraiue belongod to Jacob, and another nrovision would forthwith need to be made for iim. " So after much arguing and some nagging across tho hearth of tho latchen at Laguo it was decided that each of Jacob's five brothers should mortgage hisfarm to oue-sisth its value, and that the gross sum of their five-sixths should be Jacob's for his share. This arrangement would have the disadvantage of: loaving Jacob without lund, but ho showed a magnanimous spiritin that relation. " Don't trouble about me," said he, " it's sweet and nice to do a kindness to your own brothers." And four of his brethern applauded that sentiment, but Thuretan curled up his red nose and thought: " Aw, yes. of coorso, a powerful big boiler oE brotherly lovo tho littlo ™iser keeps going under hisweskit." And having so docided they further concluded to see the crops off tho ground, and then lose no.time in carrying out their design. Let's waitfor tho mely " said " J Asher, 4 " 1 " mi ing tho harvest-homc p and theu off for Marky the Lord." The person who went by this Mark Skilliconi, vocate of Ramsey, who combined the functions < pettifogger with those .oneylondei and auctioneer. Marky the Lord" was old and plausible and facetious. He was a distant relative of the Fairbrothers by the side of their mother's French family; aud it was a strange chain of circumstances that no big farmer ever got into trouble but he becamo a client of Marky tho Lord's, that no client of Marky the Lord's did not in the end go altogether to the bad, and thatpoor Marky tho Lord never, had a client who did not die in his debt. Nevertheless Marky the Lord grew richer as his losBes grew; heavier, and more facetious a«» his years increased. Oh, lie was a funny, dog, was Marky the Lord; but there was just one. dog.on the island • a shade, .or two ifunnicr,.etfll;; aiidVthrit i was -.Jacob Fairbrother. • This thrifty soulliad io'r many a year kept a.nest of .private savings; aid-even in thedaysAvliehjhe /and his brethren wont down to make a poor mouth before their'father at Castletown he had- money secretly leut out on the conscientious interest of only 3 per cent, above tho legal rate. — Aiid thus it chanced that when Ballacraine was advcrtiscd f m big letters on every barn door in the north of Mann, Jacob Fairbrother went down to Marky tho Lord, and made a private bargain to buy it in again. So when the day of the sale came, and Marky the Lord strodo over the fields with 6ome ' thirty , men—farmers, miners, advocates, and parsons—at liis heels, and tben drew up on the roadside by the Hibernian, nnd there mounted tho till-board of a cart for tho final reckoning, little Jacob was too much moved to be present, though his brothers wero there,' all glooming around on the outside .of tho group, with their hands in their breeches pockets. Ballacraine was knocked down cheap to somebody that nobody knew, nnd then came the work of tho mortgages ; 60 . once again Jacob went off to Marky tho Lord; and bargained to be made mortgagor, though no'one was to bo a wit tho wiser. And 10 per cent, he was to get from each of his five brothers for the use of tho mouoy which next day came back to hiB own hands. Thus far all was straight dealing, but with the approach of tho time to go tolcclandtho complications grew thick. Jacob had so husbanded his monev that while scorning to spend he still possessed it, aud now he was troubled to know where to lodge that portion of it which he should not want in Iceland and might find it unsafe to take there. And while he was in the throes of his uncertainty his brothers—all. save John —were in the travail of their own big conception. _ Now Asher, Stean, Ro6S,and Thurs tan, having each made up his mind that he would go to Iceland also,had to consider how to gettliere, for their late bargaining had left them all penniless. The proceeds of the sale of Ballacraine were lodged with Jacob for Groeba, and Jacob also held as his own what had come to each 1 man from his mortgage. So thinking that Jacob. must have more than he could want, they approached him ouo by one, confidents all? and Blyly. And wondrous wero tho lies they told him, for they daTe not confess that their sole need of, money was to go to Iceland after him, aud watch him that he did not cheat them when Greeba sent them all their fortunes in return for their brotherly love of - her. Thus Asher took Jacob" aside and whispered, " I'm morthal hard pressed for a matter of live and thirty pound, bov—just five nnd thirty, for draining andfencing. I make bold to think you'll lend the like of it, aud G per cent. I'll bet .do'' it, . Asbcr;V : : isaid., Jacob,, -" for old : Maii-y the Lord has stripped me.": - and lb hiring vbarelcss,-and be 'said/'" I've got' a finethingbunow.'' I.caribuy ayoke of ploughing'bieh- for thirty pound. Only thirty, and a doadTj'argain. Can you lend me.the brass? But whisht's tho word, for Ross is sneaking of tor them." . " Very sorry, Stean," said Jacob, " but Ross hasbee'u here before you, and I've just lentbim the money." . . Ross himself came nest and said, "I borrowed five-and-twenty pound from Stean a bit back, and he's not above threatening to sell me up for a' dirtylittle debt like that. Maybe ye'd tide me over' tho trouble and. say nothing to Stean/' So these two weut their ways and thereafter eyed each other threateningly, but neither dare explode, for both had thou: secret fear.' And last of all came Thuistan, made well drunk for the'better support of his courago, and he maudlcd andcrzed. What d'ye think ? Poor Ballabeg is dead—him that used to play the fiddle at church—and tbe old parson wants me to take Ballabeg's place up in the gallery loft. Says I'd be wonderful good ut tho viol-bass. I wouldn't mind doing it neither, only it costs such a po wor of money, a viol -bass does—twenty pounds mayBe;? , .' ~ " Well, what .of that V* a aid Jacob, interrupting him, ".theparson says he'll lend you tho money. He told me so himself." -• With such shrewd answers-did Jacob qpoape from the danger of lending to. his brothers, whomhe couldnot trust. But he lost ho time in going down to'-Marky the Lord and offering his money to be lent out ou interest with good security. Knowing nothing of this, Asher, Stean, Ross, and Thu'rstau each in hie turn stole down to Marky tho Lord to borrow the sum he needed,. And-Marky the Lord kept liis own worthy counsel, and showed no unwise eagerness. \- First '' he said " to ' Jacob, - ' ""I T can lend out your irioi:?y ou gdoi'eecuriiv." interest do you "Not loss than twelve per cent," said tho tomperato Jacob. "I'll got it," said Murky the Lord, and Jucob went awjy wi:li u^ly Theu said M»rky borrowers iu turn. I can U10UO£." " Whoso asked Asher, first. " Tliat I've swo: tho Lord. " What interest " Only four iwr ceut to my frioml." not to tell," Baid Marky " Well, and that's reasonable, tuid he's a right honest, well-meaning man, whoever he is," said Asher. " That ho is, friimd," said Marky the Lord, " but. us he had not got the money liiin&olf; ho had to borrow it of an acquaintance, and pay ten per ceut. for the convenience." " So he wants fourteen per cent!" cried Asher. " Shoo! Lord save ua! Oh, the grasping miser. It's outragoous. I'll not pay it—the Nightman fly away with mo if I do." " You need lw under no uneasiness about that," said Marky tho Lord, " for I've thrco other borrowers ready to take the mouoy the moment youeiiy you won't. " Hand it out," said Asher, and away h< wont, fuming. Tien Stean, Ross, and Thuratan followed, one by oue, and each ubhaved as Asher had doiiobcforo him. When tho. transaction complete, and the time had come to set sail for .Iocland, many and wonderful wero the shifts of the four..who had formed - tho secret design to Jpcnceol their busy =prepD±atibns.But when all ^^^te^i^bShiiV. tamn.'^vBtx mtho Jsame vess^'^wb. ahd'iG^Uenien^ohn.tode rbundtho -farms 'of'Lague'-to ' bid : 'a touching farewell to their brethren.; ' . • - • " Good-bye, Thurston^" said Jacob, sitting on the cross-board of the cart. " We'yo had arguments in our time, and fallen on rough harm in tho course of them, but meet for peace and quietness in heaven somo " We'll meet before that," thought Thurston, And when Jacob and John wero. goue en towards Ramsey, Thurston mounted the tillboard of his own cart, and followed. Meantime Asher, Stean, and Ross were on their joamey, and because thoy did not road thoy camc face to faco for the first time, all sis together, each lugging bis kit of clothes behind him, on the deck of tho ship that was to take them to Iceland. Thcu Jacob's palo faco grew livid. "What does this mean ?" he cried. "It meaug that we can't trust you," said Thurs tun. Nono of you said Jacob. None of us, seemingly," 6aid Thuratan, glancing rouud into the confused faces about '{That! Not your own brother!'" said b. Near is my shirt, but nearer is my skm,' as .lying is," said Tim ret an, with a sneer. Poor onco, poor for ever,' as the saying mocked Jacob. " Last week you hadn't tweutypouud to buy your viol-bass to play in tho gallery loft." Stoan laughed at that, and Jacob turned hotly upon hiiu. " Aud ;/ou hadn't thirty pound to buy your yoke of oxen that Ross wus sneaking Then Ross mado a loud guffaw, and Jacob faced about to him. " And may bo you've paid back your dirty tive-and- tweuty pound that Stean threatened to sell you up for':" Then Stean glowered hard at lloss, and Ross looked black at Stean, and Asher almost burst his sides with laughter. " And you, too, ray dear eldest brother," said Jacob, bitterly, "you have the advantage of mo in years but not in wisdom. You thought, like the rest of them, to get tho money out of i, to help you to follow me and watch mo. So that was it, was it f But I W J I S too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go elsewhere ior your draining and ditcliing." "So I had, bad cess to you," said Asher; and 14 por ccnt. I had to pay for the shabby loan I got." . At that Steau and Ross and Thurston pricked up their ears. " And did t/ou pay 1-1 por cent?" said Steau. I did,'bail cess to Murky the Lord, and the grasping old miser behind him, whoever ho is." And uow it W J I S Jacob's turn to look amazed. "Wait," he said; "I don't like thelookof you.'» "Then shut your oves," said Thuistan. "Did Marky the Lordlend you tho monoy ?" ked Jacob of Asher. "Ay, he did," said Asher. . "And you, too?" said Jacob, turning stifily to Stean. Ay," said Stean. And you ?" said Jacob, facing towardB Ross. I darn say no," said Ross, Aiid you, as well "r" said Jacob, confronting Thurstau. Why not ?" said Thurston. The blockhead!" cried Jacob. "Tho scoundrel! It was my money—mine—mine, I tell you, and lie might as well havo pitched it into the eea." Then the four men began to double their fists. Wait!" said Asher. "Arc you e grasp ung miser that asked 14 per cei Sa i6, clear enough," said £>tcau. Well," said Thurstau, " I really thiuklook you, boys, I really do think, but I speak undercorrection—I really think, all things considered, tins Jacob is a damned rascal." I may havo the advantage of him in years," said Asher, doubliug up his sleeves. " but if I Go to the devil," said Jacob, and he went below, boiling hot with rage. idlo to keep up tho quarrel, for very ix were out on the high suns, bouud to each others' company at bed and board, and doomed to pass the better part of a fortnight together. So before they camo to Iceland tlioy were good friends after their fa3hiou, though that was perhaps the fashion of cat and mouse, aud being landed at Reykjavik they were once more in their old rolatious, with Jacob us purseboarerand spokesman. "And now listen," said that thrifty person. What's it Baying? 4 A bird in tho hand is worth two iu the bush.' Wo'vc got our bird in the hand, haven't wo ?" "So wo have," said Aslicr; "six hundred goolden pounds that Ballacraine fetched at the Just so," said Jacob; " and before wo part with it let us make sure about the two in the bush." With that intention thoy started inquiries, as best they could, • touching tho position of Michacl Suulocks, his salary and inilucucc. And iu spite of the difficulties of language thoy heard and saw enough to satisfy them. Old Iceland was awakening from a bad dream of three bad centuries and setting to work with a will to become a power among the States ; the young President, Michael .Sunlocks, was the restorer and protector of her liberties; fame and honour were before him, and before all who laid a hand to his plough. This was what they heard in many jargons 011 every side. "It's all right," whispered Jacob, " and now for tho Girl." They had lauded late in tho dayof Greeba's visit to Red Jason at the little house of detention, aud had heard of her roarriugo, of its festivities, aiid of the attempt oh tho life of.the .President. But though ,ihcy iknow that Jason ;Waa.,no-longer. in-.-Mann.tliey^vei'o -too:.much th'eir. ovra n-ast schemes to-piit two _L. , ., Sulphur Mihcs, and saw-that Jason was one of the prisoners. -They were then on their-way to Govornment-'house, and Jacob 6aid with a wink, "Boys, that's worth remembering. When did it do any harm to have two strings I nf. t.liaf:. si a boy !" And 