AFTEB THEIR BATTLES, BULLY HILLENS SOFX HEABTEDNESB. Big Joe H'Auliffo, George Li Blauoho [and half a dozen atblotes of lesser fame wore the oentre of attraotion yesterday in the orowd whioh disported in tho North Beach bath house. Tho rotund Marine looked like a coa tented porpoise as be rolled around in tho tsnk. Tha water rose with a m'ehty mUnh to high-water maik when the loviathin frame of M'Auliffe was precipitated at the tepid flood and a tidal wave swont across the tank that eubmerged all the weaker spsoimens of humanity. Already M'Aulilfe has takoa on considerably more floeh than he oarried on Wednesday night, and he looked bigger thau ever, as oaoh training apparently adds to his immense bulk. He certainly looks a monster of muscle after his plunge in tbo bathing- tank, and when rubbing down bofore onoe more donning the Btroet attire, whioh beeins to fit him again. Before the late 'Slight he had trained bo hard that hiB clothes hurg around him as loose as the main etiil of a becalmed bay barge. M'Aulilfe is contemplating a sparring trip with the Marine and other fistic notables, and, if the arrange ments can be satisfactorily made, the combi nation will start on the road in a few days. 'Afler tbo sparring trip I will take a reBt for a while, and I hope my next matoh will be with Jackeon. aa I think I can lick him, if in right fix,' said H'Auliffo in reply to a friendly inquiry aa to hiB profeasional prospecta, M'Anliffo'a performance with Ktllen has won him hOBts of admirers, and he will have no aifiicnlty in getting heavy backing to fight the colored ohampion, bo that with tho purse added by tbe California Club the winnings would be large. Old Barney Farley was one of tho most delighted spootators of M'Au liffo's performance,, and it took several stal wart men to hold bim down by the aoat tails and keep him from jumping over the gallery to shake Joe's tremendous . fists after he had l aoread the ohampion of the North-west over the reained floor. Intereating stories of KiUen'a nervousness are afloat in sporting oirolco. Tbe champion of tbe Northwest was pale aa a ghost in the firBt ronnd, ard, after getting a few warm compliments from M'Auliffe'a flipper, ho went baok to hiB corner so dieoouraged that he whispered hoarsely to Campbell, ' Dave, I'm afraid I'm going to faint !'? ' Faint, ? ! What would yon faint for?' exclaimed the second. ' Why,' you haven't beon hit yet 1' This was a moBt unfortunate remark, it appeals, for the champion of the Northwest, on Btaggering back to bis chair after tbe seoond round, whispered faintly, ' Dave, you were Yight ; I hadn't been bit in the first ronnd, bnt I was in this one. Do yon think he has anything in his glove f' ''Nothing at. all, excopt it -might be a horseshoe or a briok,' replied the Beyond, who wbb already disgusted with the almost certain prospeot of having to fan a loser and get nothing for his trouble. Just then the gong tapped for the fight to be reBumed, and tbo ohampion of the North-woat, with a dolorous groan, dragged himself off the ohair and faced the mnBio Badly. There haB been muoh talk in sportingcirolea about the Killen-M'Anliffe tight being a 'fake.' A well-known betling man, bow over, placed several hundred dollars for Campbell and Anderson,' KiUen'a seoonds, both of whom wanted to baok their principal at long odds if necessary. . Killen also had money bet on himself through the same I agent. This betting man lost about lOOOdol I on the fight, and is satisfied that the battle was ' on the level,' and that Killeh tried as Hard and honestly to win aa did M'auliffe. Dempsey was presented with a diamond looket and a gold-headed cane in Portland. He met the Marine on the street yesterday, and they shook hands and talked in afriendly way for some time, withont referring to tho late fight, over whioh Jaok still feels very sore. Dempsoy has -assumed his duties as boxing teaoher in the California Athletio Club, and is laying his plans to get another matoh with La Blanche, for whioh he is very anxionB. Johnny Beagan has gone to Sausalito, where he will train for his matoh with Young Mitohell. Tbe latter is only 51b above weight. Began is 201b over weight.— S.F. Ohbonicle, September 14. 