A PROFLIGATE PURITAN. [Saluafata Hiview.) Some (foolish) persons consider dancing profligate. It is common knowledge among readers of newspapers that Mr. Stewart (as Lord Galloway will note with approval) Headlam, known to such reporters as have the misfortune to be obliged to attend dinners given to themselves by shabby persons in honour of occasional perversions to Ulndstonism or the like, as the Rev. Stewart Headlam, is a champion of purity. Save as aforesaid, this article and the head- ing thereof are not intended to cast any reflection whatever upon Mr. Headlam's character, moral or otherwise. The said Mr. Headlam has published a red book called "The Theory of Theatrical Dancing," which he describes as edited from Carlo Elasis's ' Code of Terpsichore,' with the original plates." It is a curious work, and is prefaced with some curious observations. It seems that Mr. Blasis was a distinguished dancing-master, principally at Milan, in the early part of the present century. When he published the " Code of Terpsichore" he was principal dancer at the King's (Pier Majesty's) Theatre. Somebody translated it, under Mr. Wade's own supervision, and now Mr. Headlam edits it with enthusiasm. He reminds the public that "Dancing is an art," and one which depends on their immediate support for its very existence." "The poet, the painter, the sculptor can work for posterity ; but the dancer's art is fugitive, not permanent. If the contemporaries of any danger fail through ignorance, or dulness, or bigotry [sent pothis through being a peer, a Tory, or an owner of real estate to appreciate her, no one else can. They have prevented her God-given faculties from having the influence which they were intended to have The great mass of the people are, I am convinced, pleased and interested with beautiful dancing, and will be glad to know and understand a little more about it while those who go so far as to maintain that the human body is the temple of the Holy Ghost" but there is a limit proper to be observed in all luxuries, even in that of quoting from Mr. Headlam. It should be added that Mr. Headlam perceives probable discouragement tostudentsof theartofdaucingin "the strain and stress of our modern competitive life, the failure of the State to carry out to the full the education of the people in art as well as in other things," and the like. But "there are not wanting signs that wise laws and rational government will, before many generations are passed, alter this state of things." Many generations can hardly pass in less than 300 or 400 years, and the gap will be suitably filled by Mr. Headlam's edition of Mr. Blasis's book. . Tn<" book, which is short, consists mainly of sentences like this "You must not either follow the precepts of simple unpractised theorists, utterly incapable of demonstrating clearly the true principles of the art ; nor be guided by the imaginary schemes of innovating speculators. . . . Carefully shun the baneful lessons of such preceptor, and seek to place yourself under the direction of an experienced master, whose knowledge and talents will serve as true guides to perfection, and point out the path that leads to pre- eminence." "Let your shoulders below your head high, your countenance animated and expressive. But let no affectation mingle with your dancing; that would mar everything." " Do not separate your legs from each other sideways. Carry your head up- right and your waist steadily, by which means your body is kept in an elegant position." It also contains one piece of specific advice, which is worth remembering as the counsel of an experienced dancer. Mr. Blasis recommends daily practice in dancing as an invariable rule. But " let no other exercise be intermingled with dancing; riding, fencing, and running are all powerful enemies to the learner's advancement." Then there are pictures reproduced from Mr. Blasis's original work, and it is impossible to do them justice in words. One of them is described in a sort of index as manner in which a dancer should hold herself when practising." The manner is, that she should look as much as possible like the upright post of a semaphore, with her right arm and right leg extended at right angles (exactly) to her person, as if to signify that two trains had or had not made their appearance. She might find it difficult to hold herself in this attitude during a prolonged period of practice. Howbeit the picture showing this position is undoubtedly that of a man. Whether this was done from motives of delicacy, or whether the eagle but Puritanical eye of Mr. Headlam failed to detect the incongruity between the text and the plate, it skills not to determine. Either way, the preface is pleasing, and so are the pictures, and they would be more pleasing still if the text of Mr. Blasis were omitted. 