TALES AND SKETCHES. Tlic Gray Gout of GIInuiii " Madam, do you hcliovn in ghosts ?" u In ghost !" echoed her ladyship. 4,Do we livo in the nin< tecnth century for nothing, that you should ask mo such ft pillion ? There may be a few flutter ing rags of. fliiperaiition still hanging about me, bnt nothing quite so worn and threadbare, let 113 hope, as n belief in gllftrt. " Nevertheless," continued Chauncey De W.df, leaning ngaitiKt t c mantel atul looking gravely down at the smolder ing cmbe a of the fire, " 1 am pre pared to ntlirm that if any man ever saw n ghost. I am that man." "You, of all perrons! Perhaps yon will rxpoel us to boliovo next'llmt it was your interview with a ghost wliich turned your linir whito befors y»u reached the thirtieB.' " Exactly that, madam." ' Then you have n great deal to thank him for." Oh, I have more than that to thnnl; him," replied D" Wolf, smiling. "Shall I tell you the story ?" " Oh, yts, do tell it by all means," and mndnin folded her whito bauds and lifted her pretty, incredulous thee toward hor guc>t. II" was an old collego friend, and had come to spend tho Christmas holidays with us in our pretty country homo oh the Hu Is<5n. As lio stood in 'front of the fire, his shrewd, kindly face telling its own story of a snccessful career, he was, perhaps, tho last person one would havo supposed guilty of such an anachronism as a belief in ghosts A Unman noeo ia nnturo's hot on a man's success, and Bo Wolf had all the benefit of the bet. Ilis clearly cut features and fine, dark oyos were rendered tho more striking by tho frame work of snow-white hair which was brushed straight back from his forehead giving him, in tho opiuion of the ladies all nppenranco altogether irresistible. I wns not greatly concerned shoot his nppenranco, hut I knew him to bo 0 thoroughly good fellow, and in spito of his profession— lio was a lawyer — in tho main a trutnful ono ; I was, therefore, surprised at the new role which ho seemed desirous of playing. " Aro we expected to believe every thing you toll us ?" asked madam, in a mocking tono, as sho assumod a listen ing attitude. " Yes, everything," replied Do Wolf. " No 0H0 who knows nic ever accused mo of having that fatal gift— imagina tion, and you may rest assured that I confine myself in tho most abject mnnner toRimple facts. I am incapablo of doing otherwise." As ho spoke, tho wind which had been working with norvous, uncertain fingers at a loose- fastened blind, finally toro it open, slamming it against tho window with a crash that startled oven the cat from her drowsy dreams on the hearth rug. It was a wild night, tho snow was blowing in great, shapeless drifts about the house, tho wind roaring down tho chimney and rattling among the ice- coated branches of the great elms out- Bide with a sharp, continuous sound like tho lioifio of musketry. Within, tho fire had burned low, and the long, whito curtains at the windows. looking strangely woird and unfamiliar in tho dim light, shivered and trembled ns if, in some occult wdjj thoy weroirt silont sympathy with the spirit of the Btorra. When we lmd gathered up the frag ments of glass and had closed the shutters De Wolf, wlto alone had been unmoved by 'his little household disturbance and the treiu nduus uproar of the elumonts, went op with his story. " It wan a night nnt mdiko this," he sni-1, " when I left Huston to atay a few days with Earlo liu'Sct at Gil&utn.; Yon ri'inomhcr him at Yhlo— .1 vory good fellow, hut with n penchant for missions. Hchnd married and settled down as pastor of a little country church. Tho vriinder is that ho did not go to Nova Zeuihla or Central Africa, hut perhaps ilis wife saved him fr'uu that. However lie lmd found a mission at GiUuin, and as his wife had gone on to New York to speno a wcck wiiu iter sister, iiosseu invited mo to k op bachelor's hnli with him during hor nbsenco. Well, wo were having 11 c< ssy time of it together, whon, one night, just ns we had nettled our selves ih front of the lihrarvfiro, with onr l ignrs una iiewKpaporn, a bov drove up to the door iu nil old, unpnititod sleigh, and announced that ono of Husseirs parish ioners, nnold man, \riio lived in un out lying district, was dying, and wanted to sec tho minister. Of course, Ilusecll pri-parcd to obey tho summons »t odcq and ho did not return til) midnighti When ho came in, his IinmJs weto stiff with tho cold and his ears wero half frozen, but there was a glow on his face as ho threw off hia ovcrcotit und came forward to the fire, which \va9 smoothing morn than simple satisfaction at being safely bonded again. I notually believo lie did not know whether bis hands were cold or not. " ' Well,' I10 exclaimed, with a bright smile, ' I have Seen one more happy soul start on . its long journey. You're no idea, Do Wolf,' lie went on, ' how it takes nwoy the fear of death, if you over had it, to sec a gnrd man die. fl la anrli n nirmiln flilnrr nftr nil ntiil it is wonderful how simply theso people look at such matters. Whon I entorod the house, the old man wns lying with his eyes closed, but ho looked up and smiled os I took his hand in inino. " " You oro ready a.:d willing to go, are you, deacon 7" I asked as bis eyes met mine. "'The old man half r.aisod himself on his elbow and replied in a low whisper: «<« Wa, to tell the rani troth, I'd mther stay whoro I'm bettcracquainted You soo, I've got used to things hero, an I don't know ns I care about making any change. Hut tho Lord known best and I'm willing — yes, I'm ivttUng" When the dnd came, his old face bright- into a beautiful smilo.' ' Two days after, I wont with my friend to ottena the old man's funeral. About six miles out, wo drovo up to a lonely farm-house and alighted, Tho short impressive service was Foon over, but it was already growing dark when wc turned our horse's head homeward. " It had been snowing in light, fitful gusts all tho afternoon, but when the sun went down, tho wind rofic, and wo found oursrives obliged tofacotho storm. The soft, treacherous snow-flakes had changed to sloct, Hint wvs hurled to us as if with some fiondish intent, it was impossible to keep our eyes open, and Ktissel hold ing the reins in his hand from force of Habit, trusted to Providence and the horse, and hid his faco in his coat-collar. Id spite of tho storm, however, wo should . probably have reached homo safely if, Idt a turn in the road, wo had not en- dOiinteretl a party coming in tho opposite direction. Tho two horses, coming thus unexpectedly upon »Ach other, became frightened and qnito unmanageable. What happonod to tho occupants of tho other sleigh I never had tho grace to inquire, but Rubso! and I wero both thrown oat, and bofore wo could regain our feet our horse had disappeared. Fortunately, or unfortunately, as it may appoar, tho accidont had occurred in front of the house of ono of Russet's friend 6. Tho good gentleman hastened to our assistance and insisted upon our coming into tho houso. " As we wcro thoroughly chilled, aud covered with snow from head to foot, wo willingly consented. Wc wcro nshercd into a brightly lighted parlor, where a yuuug iauy, wuo seeineu to mo, in mv possibly somewhat dazed condition, an enchanting vision of loveliness, came forward to meet us. 1 inado somo in coherent remark which 1 am thankful to havo forgotton, as I have a very de finite impression as to its absurdity ; the young lady, who wore a Lino drens, and hod very bright eyes, laughed meirily, and then leTt tho room to order hoi lemonade, Tho storm continneJ to in crease iu violoace, an 1 our host Dually persuaded us to accept his hospitality for the night. " I bavo no vory distinct recollection of bow the oven ing passed, but at ten o'clock wo wero shown to our rrprctivo rooms Mino was on tho groundfloor, and as I did not fee! inclined to go to sleep, I throw myself on a Ioungo before a blaz ing -woodfiro and gavo myself up to a succession of pleasant dreotns, in which, 1 mil proud to confess, a young lady in n blue dress played the most important part. "I had Iain tboro about two hours, so that it i»u«t have been near mid'ni"!, when I noticed, for the first time, the storm was ovor, and that a few strnggl- ing rays of moonlight wcro streaming in through tho window, making Ktrnnr fantastic shadows on tho wall on! floor. " I had neglected to draw tho curtain and as 1 looked up, 1 wn9 confronted by a face pressed closo against the window, and staring in nt mo with expressionless, pale-blue oyt'i'. " It was the face of the man that I had Boen but a few hours bof-iro in his coffin. There was the same softly curl ing gray hair, tho same closely cut gray board, and even tho some odd scar over over the left eyebrow Future 0nd ex pression were alike identical. Inexpres sibly shocked, I rose to my feet but as I approached tho wiudow, the Ggure retreated step by step. lie was dressed in a long gray garment that fluttered in tho wind and took on atrango sbapos as tbo shifting light of tho uioon fell upon its soft folds or left them in shadow. " 1 am ready to admit that I wos startled, but as there was nothing really frightful in tho appearance of my strange visitor, I raised the window and addressed him with cflroful politeness. " 1 Well, Bir,' I asked, 'what is your wish ?' " My question mot with no response but the figuro raised bis baud, pointed to his It j s and than seemed to' beckon mo toward him. The window was n low one, and J leaped out, but as I landod in tbo snow, tho figure turned, and with ono wild gesture, ran. 1 started in pursuit. A fow yards from the house, upon the other eido of the street, was an old grave yard, its broken sba;ts and headstones plainly discerniblo in the moonlight. " For n moment I stood still, awed by the silent majesty of tho scene. "Above mo rose the skv. likn «hA dome of somo spacious templo, its sap phire roof supported on every side by pillars of cfoudj white like marble, or purple in tho distance like porphyry." At this point in tbo narrative madoin in an ungnrded moinont, leaned forward in her chair, but Do Wolf, ignoring this unconscious manifestation of interest wont on "Just opposito tbo house was a gap in tho fence which surrounded tho de serted burial-place, and my ghostly visi tor at once showed his familiarity with his surroundings by turning bis stops toward the only place whore ono could gain admittance, " I hurried after him, but he was floor of foot, and wa the tall figuro of the old man glided in and out amoogst the broken grave- stonoa ho seemed of no more substantial essonco than a slim, grav shadow driven by the wind. " Once I came so close to him that I put out my hand to lay hold of his robo, but my foot slipped upon a piece of ice, and I fell prostrato aoross a grave. I "A strange, discordant laugh fell upon my ear. I roso to my feet. Tbo toll, gray figure was jQ3t beyond, slill beckoning with its weird, white hand, through which tho pale light of tho moon seomcd to eliino. | " I made ono moro effort, and dashed forward recklessly, conscious of nothing but that dim, shadowy figuro, forovor eluding, forover mocking mo. | "Suddenly tho ground beneath ray foot gavo way. I felt myself folliig through space. All around mo wis darkness — a darkness so absoluto, lo dense, that I tried to grasp it as 1 fell, in an unreasoning effort to lay bold if aoinciuiog sojju anu substantial. ! " By a quick instinct I porcoived thit I had fallen through the top of some ruinous old tomb. 1 groped wildly ra tho darkness, felt tho damp brick walls that shut mo in, tho stono steps limy with mold, and saw for abovo me, through tho opening in tbo roof, a whito face, distorted with laughter, pcoring down at mo. In vain I tried to scale tho walls : then 1 felt blindly for llio door, ovory faculty absorbed in one wild idea or escape. The melting snow oozed through tho broken walls and fell upon my head. I was knee-docp in water, and plunging about in a frnitless eflort to find the door, vaguely conscious, nil the while, that I was nut the only occupant of that loathsome place. " At last my hands cauio in contact: with cold iron, 1 "1 had found tho door, but could I open it? With tho desperation of des pair I throw myself against it. It yield! and I fouud myself outsido in tho snow. " IIow I evor got back to the house and to bed I cannot tell. Tbreo weeks after, I woko as from somo foarful dream nnd found myself in tho same room whero 1 bad fallen asleep after tbe evont- ful night. A gcntloman whom I re- cognized as the village physician, and a young lady in a blao dress, sat in front of tho firo conversing in low tones. " Why am I hero ?' I naked, and was astonished to find my voice so weak and and thread-like. For au instant I had an impression that I, too, hnd bccomo a ghost, in which case I should probably frighten tho young lady who sat by the firo. " But she looked up atid answered, quiotly : Do not talk, or you will be ill again. You have boon vory sick, but you are better now. You must got well/ "'I will get well/ I remarked, idioti- cally, ' if you will go on sitting tboro by tho fire.' J " Then I fell asleop, and when I woko again I wos strong enough to re count tho incidents of tho night pro- ceding my illnoss, and to liston to an ex planation of my romoikablo expericnco," " AU 1" observed madam, drawing a long breath, " then there wa6 an explana tion after all. It was an hallucination —simply brain-fever in an incipient stato?" "Not at all," said Do Wolf. My friends followed my footsteps through tho snow, found the broken tomb, and, well— yes, captured tho ghost." " Ab, tbo ghost 1" " Yes. It happened that tho man who had died had a twin brother who wos a doaf-muto and harmlessly iusano. Ho bad wondered away from his homo and but for kindly bands who found and rescued him would do doubt have become a veritablo ghost on that eventful night." " And tbo young lady in tbo blue dress ?" Do Wolf ran Ins fingers through his white hair and laughed. "Madam, aro you acquainted with Miss Clara Wright?" "Clara Wright! My own cousin, and bbo spent last Winter in Gilsum. I seo it all now. She wrote mo only last week tbat she bad just become en gaged. And yon are the man?" she added, with a sudden flash oF inspira tion. " I believe lam," replied Do .Wolf, lowing: "and I can a.sureyou madam, tint I am not iosonsible of the honor." 