GENERAL HEWS ^ ' Vioe-Ebgal.— Mr H. W. B, Eobinsori, private secretary of the Governor, inforiria us that Bis Excellency and Lady Hamilton', who have signified their intention of being present at the opening of - the : 'Giblin Memorial Hall1 at Forinby on 1st January next.'intend driving by coach : to Formby. They will go by tram1 to Fardttah on 26th, picking up their coach tnere, ana will drive through Oatlands to Mona Vale; on Friday from Mona Vale, through Boss and'Camp 'bell Town to Perth; on Saturday they will drive from Perth to Entally, where they ?will spend Sunday. On Monday they pro pose driving to Deloraino, and on Tuesday to Formby. Stanley and Emin Pasha. --- The honorary secretary of the Victorian branch of the Eoyal Geographical Society of Aus tralasia transmitted by cable to Mr H. M. ' Stanley, at Zanzibar, the cordial congratu lations qf the society on his safe return and brilliant, success, and a desire that Mr Stanley should convey to Emin Pasha the society's deep and heartfelt sympathy with him in ' his unfortunate accident. On Thursday evening, says the Argus, Baron ?von Mueller, president of the Victorian branch) received the following reply to the message, through the superintendent at Zanzibar of the British and Australian telegraph line :— ' Many thanks ; Emin im proving,— Stanley.' A Mishap. — On Friday, 13thinst., Captain W. Wyrill and 'Mr Mosey were out sailing in a yacht belonging to the latter. About 4 o'clock they' returned, and anchored the vessel : near the outlet of the' Margaret street sewer. To go on shore they embarked in a dingey, which suddenly capsized. Captain Wyrill at once struck out for land, but he and Mr Mosey were picked up by Mr Bichard Darcey, who had witnessed the accident from Mr Edward Darcey's yard. Fortunately the mishap was unattended v/ith any serious consequences. Wtxtb M xrtTKnp. RnAnng ? rrhn fnllnTtntif/ gentlemen have been appointed to the Sositionof wardens of Marine Boards: — ? ircular Head— Messrs. F. W. Ford. C. X. ' Smith, G. Anderson, J. Lee, 'C. 'Wilson. Table Cape— Messrs. J. W. Smith, W. Jones, C. .J. Mackenzie, E. Quipgan, E. Stutterd. The first meeting will be held at the Court House, Burnie, on Satur day, the 21stinst. Another Old Colonist Gone. — Our obituary notices to-day contain the sad in- telligence that Mr Henry Eockliff, an old and universally respected colonist, died at his residence on Saturday last, at the ripe old age of 75. Many years ago the late Mr Rockliff was overseer at Wesleydale, near Chudleigh, one of the late Mr Henry Reed's estates, and about 25 years ago he went on a tour round the N.W. Coast, and finally pitched his tent at Sassafras on an estate he afterwards named Skellbrook. There he brought up a very large family of sons, several of whom are now residing on the Coast, while others have made their homes in the other colonies, one being at present in New Zealand. The deceased was a shrewd energetic agriculturist and pastoralist, and by dint of indomitable perseverance in the heart of a new country, lived to see the wide district of Sassafras one of the most prosperous on the North-West Coast. Lettebs Patent. — The following letters patent have been granted : — Alfred Eoberto Fullin of Sydney, for improvements in locks, nuts, bolts, and fastenings ; William Latimer, of America, for improvements in and relating to a new and useful fibre pro duced from the leaves or needles of the Finus Australia or other coniferous trees ; Edwin Devorcy and others, of Queensland, for improvements in contrivance for auto matically taking up the slack of wire used in operating railway signals ; Edwin and Win. M. Winby, of England, for improve ments in cable tramways ; Paul Giffard, of France, for improvements in and relating to guns, projectiles, or shells, and mining or blasting cartridges ; Jonathan Brear, of Melbourne, for an improved method of churning milk and cream, to be called the ' patent pneumatic churn ;' William Silver and Nathan Cohen, of N.S.W., for improve ments in apparatus for shearing or cutting ?wool and hair, and inflexible shafting tor use in connection with such apparatus ; C. Luhrig, of Dresden, Saxony, for coalwash ing and cleaning machinery. )t- Petty Labobnies. — A man named Charles Eaton was arrested on Saturday for stealing a pair of child's boots, which it is alleged he sold for Is. The articles were the property of Nathaniel Munnings. Alfred Woods was also looked up on Saturday charged with stealing a flannel undershirt, which he obtained at the Invalid Depot. He is an old offender, and was only recently discharged from gaol. Fibe.— Shortly after noon on Dec. 13 the fire-bell rang out an alarm. The signals given notified that the conflagration was in the vicinity of the wharf, and they proved to be correct. Some of the workmen em ? .ployed at Mr James Walden's store observed that the roof of a wooden store attached to the main bride warehouse had caught fire. They immediately reported the matter tc Mr Walden,who instructed them to subdue the flames with buckets of water. Whilst this was being don1} the hose at the Custom House was sent round, and materially as sisted in checking the progress of the fire, finally the Fire Brigade,.under the charge ? ??i Superintendent Bobett Bennell, arrived -.& the scene, and the flames were totally extinguished. The store is at the rear of Messrs. Boag and Son's brewery, and it is surmised that one of the sparks from the brewery chimney alighted on the shingle roof, and so caused it to light. Some six ?weeks ago the wind was flowing from exactly the same quarter as it was yester day, viz., the north-west, and soma of the sparks from the Bame chimney-stack caught the roof of a small detached wooden build ing, situated about lOyds-to the south of the one that was ignited yesterday, but it was quenched without doing any great damage. The building that was injured yesterday is a two-story wooden structure, with shingle roof, and is used for storing general mer chandise, such os casks of whitning, chalk, and washing soda ; also a quantity of hides and some casks of oil, Had it not been for the foresight of Mr Walden, who for the past six weeks has kept large casks fillet with water to quench flames in the case of an emergency, such as occurred yesterday, considerable damage would, no doubt, have resulted. As it was, the fire was preventet from spreading, but the strong streams of water poured on the building were the means of injuring the stores. The contents of the building are insured in the London, Liverpool, and Globe Office, but the. exact amount of damage cannot at present he definitely estimated. ? The Late MuNiopALELEOMON.-Thefacts are that the invalid papers, of which there , were 63, were on -Monday (legally or other wise) carefully gone through for the satis faction, of those present, viz., the returning officer (Mr b; P. Farrelly), the two, deputies (Aldermen B. H. Price and H. J. Dean), the Mayor (Mr' S. J. Sutton), the Town Clerk (Mr C. W. Eooher), Mr J. Goodger, and his 'solicitor (Mr J. B. Waldron). Although the general impression was that the papers in question were properly rejected, there is reason to believe that. some 20 wore con sidered invalid from insufficient reasons if taken in , connection with the wording of the net. - The Launceston Corporation Act, 22 Victoria, No. 12, section 26,. simply pro vides that the voter shall 'strike through the name or names of the person or personsf or whom he doesnot intend to vote,' and the precise mode of how that shall be ? done is left largely to the discretion of the voters.' The matter of the invalid papers however.is not the quesi ion at issue, in re lation to the position which Mr Goodger's committee have taken up. On the strength of the assertion of four of the scrutineers and polling clerks, they believe Mr Goodger to have au absolute majority of votes, over Mr Thrower, and they have determined to take the matter to the only tribunal to which appeal can now be made, viz., the Supreme Court. Mr Thrower has legally taken his seat on the basis of the declara tion of the Beturning Officer, and that being so only the Supreme Court has power to in stitute an enquiry that will include a revision of the ballot papers and a final settlement of the contention. We under stand thajb Mr Goodger's committee have taken the onus of responsibility solely upon themselves and ? are determined to prose cute the matter to a conclusive issue. A meeting of the committee will be held this evening. - * Pabliaiientaby Tbip. — The Parlia mentary trip' to the North-West Coast promises to be a decided success, and given ine weather there can be little doubt that i thoroughly enjoyable, interesting, and valuable tour through the North- Western iistricts will be 'enjoyed by members of Parliament from all parts of ' the colony.. Vfo understand that about 30 members of both Chambers have determined to accept the hospitality of the ' North- Westerns,' rad the practical knowledge thus seouied Df the important centres visited must prove of great advantage to representatives when discussiug the future public works schemes. The Licensing Act.— In making his mayoral statement at the opening of the Urst meeting of the new Hobart City Council on Monday, thev Mayor, Mr J. Watchorn, said :— The new Licensing Act was in force, and seeing that the very Btringent bill first introduced had been so altered as to give the publicans nearly everything they wanted, he considered that the publicans should do their utmost to keep within the meaning of the Act, and he believed they, would do so. If they did not, well, of course they must take the con sequences. From his point of view, how ever, they should now so conduct their houses as to avoid complaints from even the most stringent Sabbatarian or Blue Bibbonite. „ NOBTHEBN TASMANIAN CAMERA CLtrB. —The usual monthly meeting was held on Dec. '13 at Mr R. h. Parker's office, Mr A. C. Bonner in the chair. Messrs. B. A. Dargaville (Latrobe) and John Simpson (South Mount Cameron) were elected_ mem bers. The rules for the circulation of photographs amongst members were adopted, and copies are to be forwarded to members by the secretary when printed. It was decided to hold a competition_ in landscape photography, members competing to be limited to two mounted prints each, to be sent in to the secretary before January 31, the amount and form of the prizes to be fixed at the next monthly meeting, and also a professional to be appointed judge. The results of the field-day in November were shown, and Mr C. Eberhaid also produced for inspection a set of photographs taken recently by him during a trip to Victoria. Electbio Light.— The electric light is making steady progress in New South Wales, Penrith being the latest example. At the last meeting of the Fenritn Uouncu the tender of H. H. Kingsbury and Co. for introducing the system of electric lighting for the town of Fenrith, at £6500, was accepted. A special meeting was then called, and the following motions were passed : — ?? That application be made to the Governor, under the 165th section of the Act, for permission to borrow £7000 for the electric light ;'?' That, as soon as permission is granted, tenders be called for a loan, not to exceed 30 years ;' ' That the offer of Alderman T. Smith of a piece of land in Belmore-street, adjoining the railway, fora term of 10 years, free of rent, and at the end of that time to purchase the same if desired, be accepted.' The estimate of the returns for the electric light for the town is about £1600 annually. EOBBEBY AT THE CbITBEION HOTEL. — A young man named M'Hugh, who resided on the Sandhill, was returning from Mel bourne last Sunday week. On board the steamer a stranger became very friendly with him, and upon landing the two decided to stay at the Criterion Hotel where they secured a bedroom, both occupying the one apartment. The stranger was shown round the city by M'Hugh, and on Friday last they visited the gaol and other places of public interest. On BYiday M'Hugh went to his home at the Sandhill and did not return to the hotel until the following afternoon about 4 o'clock. Having occasion to go to his portmanteau he was surprised to find that it had been sub jected to some rough usage, the leather having been neatly cut round the hinge of the lock. Upon opening the portmanteau he found 175 sovereigns had. been ab stracted. Upon making enquiries he found his companion had decamped from the hotel shortly after he (M'Hugh) had left on Friday afternoon, and had not returned. Information was at once given to the police, and the man was arrested at Burnie, Emu Bay, by the local police early on Mon day morning, and upon being searched 41 sovereigns were found upon . him, and it was ascertained he had purchased clothes and other necessaries to the amount of about £16 or £17. The accused will be brought up to Launceston, where he will have to answer to the charge. Election of Wabdens.— The following elections of Wardens of country munici palities have been made, in addition to those published:— Clarence— Councillor H. Lamb (fifteenth time). Longford— Coun- cillor. 'W. H. D. Archer. Oatlands— Coun- cillor Burbury. 'Westbury— Counoillor D. Burke. The Post Office Towee.— Once, more the tower at the new Post and Telegraph Office has been altered by the Government architect, who since this structure was commenced has earned notoriety by his repeated alteration of the original design, and his last effort is the most unsatisfactory pf the lot. The suggestion of Messrs Corrie and North for the summit of the tower was a dome which would give the building an artistic finish, but a cathedral steeple wns chosen by the Government architect, which would perhaps not be so bad if kept to its original height, but the spire has since been shortened by 6ft, and it will now have a stunted and unattractive appearance, and at once be inartistic, clumsy, and out of place. The contractors have naturally been much put about by these Constant changes, and it is much to be regretted such a fine building is to be marred by such a crude clock tower. The .New Marine Board Act. — A Court of Bevision was held at the Police Court on Monday, at which Mr G. W. Water house, P.M., presided, to revise, the roll under the Marine Board Act, 1689, prepared and submitted by Mr J. W. Campbell, Col lector of Customs and returning officer. In the shipowners list the names of Lucy Beadon and John Patterson, deceased, were Btruck off. In the importers' list Messrs. Hinman and Wright had their number of votes increased from one to two ; and in the exporters' list the name of L. B. Ditcham was substituted for that of E. L. Ditcham. Perth. — News has just reached here that Mr Bichard Gibson, rabbit inspector, has had his leg broken, his horse having shied at a bird as he was riding near Highlands, about three miles from Perth. The sufferer has been brought into Perth, and a tele gram despatched for the doctor. Great regret is shown amongst his many friends, as he is so popular and straightforward in lis office as inspector. Business Impeovements. — The most recent important improvements to business premises in the city have just been effected at Mr J. Sparrow's jewellery establishment, Brisbane-street. It is in the interior of the spacious shop that most work has been done, and so complete and tastefully has it been executed that the eye of the visitor is at once arrested at its general appearance. The floor is laid in tiles, the design being extremely neat, and harmonising with the rest of the fittings. The show cases were made by Messrs. Richards and Son, and they are splendid pieces of work. The decorating was done by Messrs. Bennell Bros., who are noted for artistic taste and finish, and the heavier work by Mr J. T. Farmilo. The large shop window is now composed of one huge plate, one of the finest in Launceston, and it has the effect of making the articles look very attractive. While the repairs were being effected Mr Sparrow had arranged for a special con signment of watches and jewellery, suitable for the holiday season, and. these have duly arrived for the opening display. Most of the jewellery is novel, . elegant, and thoroughly good. One of the best lines dis played is a collection of minute registering chronographs, invaluable especially to members of the sporting fraternity. Benevolent Society. — The ordinary weekly meeting of this society was held on Wednesday. Present — Messrs. J. Stephenson (chairman), J. Ellis, G. Baker, J. Tulloch, B. P. Farrelly, G. Wi\kins, II. Tyson, J. T. Farmilo, A. W. Birchall, T. Gladman (trea surer), and H. Fraser (secretary). The secretary reported that four men and two -women had been relieved during the week, and one woman, whose husband had got work at Mount Lyell, had been sent there, the manager of the Government railways having kindly granted a free pass. A dona tion of clothing had been received for the society, and also for the hospital, from Mrs Thornton Lewis ; £18 8s had been received towards providing for Christmas extras. The secretary (Mr Fraser) was asked to retire, and then Mr Farrelly said he con sidered the salary paid to the secretary was quite inadequate for the amount of work he had to do. His labors were con stant, and the manner in which he per formed them was well known; in fact, they never had a secretary who executed his duties with the ability that Mr Fraser did. His present salary was *,H-4 per an num, but he thought it should be increased to £125. He (Mr Farrelly) moved— ' That the secretary's salary be increased from the 1st December inst to £125 per annum.' Mr M. Tyson seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. The chairman stated the committee had long thought it ?would be desirable to have premises situated in the centre of the town, where the secretary would live and all the busi ness would be carried on._ One place which was considered very suitable was in the market for sale, and the price asked was the only obstacle. He considered it would be wise to invest the money the society had out at interest in the purchase of suit able premises. The money so spent would be well expended .It was ;decided to hold the next meeting on the 8th January, in consequence of the holidays. The meeting then closed. Sbbious Buggy .Accident. —Between half-past 9 and 10 o'clock a.m. on Wednes day a serious accident happened to Miss Watson and Mr H. B. Dumaresq, M.H.A., of Mount Ireh, Hadspen, as they were driving into town. It appears the horse too fright near the Wellington Inn and bolted, and in Mr Dumaresq's efforts to rein him up the vehicle capsized, turning com pletely over on to the wheels. Both occu pants were pitched on to the roadway ant received such injuries that prompt medical aid was .required. Mr Dumaresq had his head cut, but he was sufficiently recovered to return home, while Miss Watson, who is a sister of Mrs Dumaresq, was picked up unconscious and taken into the house of Mr Lock's, at Mr W. F. Walker's nursery, and Drs. Hallowes and Maddox were called in. It was found that besides a shock to the system the young lady wasmuch bruised, too unwell to be removed. Yesterday evening, however, she was much better, and was progressing as well as could be expected, though it will 'probably be a day or two before she will be able to return to Mount Ireh. WHY EEMAIN DEAF ? If you have failed to be cured eisewnere, write or apply to the AUEAL CLINIC, 145 Collins-street, Melbourne. Their new, scientific, entirely successful, and painless Electro-Medication treatment completely cures Deafness, Noises in the Head, Dis charges, etc., no matter of how long standing. Ear drums no longer necessary. Advice and descriptive pamphlet free. N.Bl — Our Electric Head Battery is tfie only one patented throughout the cmusea ?world.— [Adyt.] Accident to Db. Hallowes.— About half-past -4 on Tuesday afternoon as' Dr. Hallowes was driving along, the' road, at the ? rear of Mr W. I. Thrower's house at Trevallyn, his horse suddenly took fright . at a group of women who were seated among the rocks. The horse made a plunge, but Dr, Hallowes fortu nately turned him round, and prevented him jumping down the precipice ; the buggy, however, overturned, the shafts were smashed, and the doctor found him self wedged between two rocks. He was bruised a good deal, but his groom was more fortunate, as he has only received a smurt shake. St. John's Fbibndly Society.— At a special meeting of the St. John's Friendly Society, held on Dec. 18 in the school room, a very pleasant ceremony took place. The members of the society at a special meeting held some time back decided to mark their appreciation of Dr. Stewart's services as their medical adviser by pre senting an address. The presentation took place last night. The vice-president of the society, Mr P. B. Dugan, in presenting it stated that Dr. Stewart had always held the confidence of the members of the society, and during the 13 years which he had been connected with it had shown his skill as a doctor, and had always been most assiduous in nis duties and affable in his relations with the members, their wives and families. . He regretted that Dr. Stewart found it necessary to remove from Laun ceston, and hoped his health would be permanently restored. The address was the penmanship of Mr W. Fletcher, who is so well known as a adept at illuminina ting, and was encased in a handsome gilded frame. The address, which was signed by the president, vice-president, treasurer, and secretary of the society spoke in high terms of the services ren dered by Dr. Stewart during a period of 13 vpnrfl. nnd rflorrAf.fcfiri lh Ttrna hia in tention to give up the practice of his. profession and leave the city. Dr. Ste wart in replying, tendered his moBt cor dial thanks for the handsome testimonial. His health was failing and he deemed it best to get assistance, otherwise he would not have been the first to sever their con nection. If he had had to tetain one society only it would be the St. John's. It was very gratifying to him to note year by year the steady progress of the society. He left them with the less regret because he be lieved their present medical officers, Drs. Holmes and Pike, would amply supply his place and would gain in time as high a place in their esteem. He wished tham a still more prosperous career and again ten dered his thanks. Messrs. W. F. Wathen and G. Brown also spoke in complimentary terms of the regard with which Dr. Stewart was held by the members of the society, and the meeting terminated. The New Licensing Act. — We have been requested to draw the attention of those interested to clause 46 of the new Licensing Act, which provides 'that every person intending to apply at any licensing meeting for a certificate of approval of his or her receiving a public-house or packet license shall, 28 clear days before the hold ing of such meeting, deliver in the case of a public-house license to the clerk of Petty Sessions of the district in which the house is situate, and in the case of a packet license to the clerk of Petty Sessions of the district in which one of the starting places of vessel is situate, a written notice in the form of schedule 2.' It will be generally known that a copy of the schedule referred to can be seen on the last pages of the Act, whilst it may not be known to many of those whom the Act directly affects that rucli a clause as the one quoted exist-B. His Worship the Mayor (Mr S. J. Sutton) yester day morning conferred with the superinten dent ofpolice(Mr J. Coulter) on the matter of the new Licensing Act, with the result that the following circular was issued to hotel keepers during the day: — 'I desire to call your attention to provisions of the new Licensing Act published in Hobart Gazette of Wednesday from which you will see that you are authorised to keep open on week days until 11 30 p.m., and liable to a penalty if your house be not then closed, and all persons not inmates or lodgers found therein after hour named are liable to a penalty. It is necessary in your own interest and that of those frequenting your house that you should clear and close it at the hour fixed by law, and also extinguish all lights in your bar, for if lights be seen or there be any other' matter to lead to suspicion that you have persons in your house contrary to law, your house will be visited by the police, and if persons are so found therein you and they will be prose cuted. — Tour obedient servant, James Coulteb, Superintendent of Police.' [The words in above ' authorised to keep open on week days until ll-30 p.m.' have, we understand, conveyed ? an impression that hotel-keepers are obliged to keep open until that hour ; the provision of the Act leaves it optional with publicans to close at 10 p.m. or keep open not later than 11 '30 p.m. The Defence Fobces.— So soon as the Defence Act, 1889, was passed steps were taken by the military authorities to form the country rifle clubs into an auxiliary force, which will be a very valuable ele ment in the defence of the colony. The men comprising the clubs are a very fine body, and are now very fairly proficient in musketry, and should they come forward strongly for re-enrolment under the new Act a large force will at once spring into existence. A board of officers, under the presidency of the Commandant (says the Mercury), has drawn up under the Act regu lations, which will shortly appear, and the clubs, as they now exist, have been formed into administrative companies. The work of reorganisation will at once commence, in accordance with orders issued this week from headquarters, and it is ' the intention to form a class for the instruction at Hobart of such officers and non-commissioned officers as may be able to attend in February next. It is to be hoped that this will sur mount the difficulties which must naturally arise in the formation of a new corps as regards the tuition of the officers and non commissioned officers. The rifle companies will be clothed in brown serge, with a hat and puggaree, similar to the Victorian Bangers, Mounted Eifles, and other troops in the Australian colonies. Deaf Fobty Yeabs.— The description of a simple remedy, by which a complete oure of deafness and noises in the head of 40 years' standing has just been effected will be sent free to any one who applies to J. H. Nicholson, 175 William Street, Mel bourne.— Adyt. A Modebn Heboine.— A splendid heroine (observes- the Paris correspondent of; the London- Daily- Telegraph) is Sister Maria Tbdrese, the Superior of ' the Sisters of Mercy, now in Tonkin, who was lately created a Knight of the Legion of Honor, the Governor-General drawing his sword in presence of the assembled garrison, and lightly touching the shoulder of this de voted and venerable lady thrice with the glittering weapon as he pronounced the stirring, words, ?' In the name of the French, people, in tha name of the French army, I present you with this Cross of Honor. No one has more glorious claims to this re ward, as no one has more than you devoted a whole life to the Bervice of the country.' The troops-were then ordered to ' present arms,' and the ceremony concluded us im pressively as it had begun. The Governor General was not indulging in any figure of speech when he thus addressed this heroic lady, for such a record as hers is not an ordinary one. Sister Marie TlxSrSae had barely attained her 26th year when she was wounded at Balaclava as she was tending the troops on that memorable battlefield. The Italian campaign was her next experience, and again she was wounded at Magenta, in the fore-front of the French army. In Syria, in China, and in Mexico she was at her post alleviating the Buffer ings of the sick and wounded ; but her most splendid achievement of all was at Eeichahofen. On that field— which the French remember with pride, calling to mind the gallant behaviour of their cuiras siers—Sister Marie Thdrese was picked up badly wounded amid the bodies of the slain, but her hurts did not long detain her front her work of mercy, and shortly afterwards, a shell having fallen close to the ambulance entrusted to her caie, she took the missile up and carried it to some distance, when it burst, again wounding her severely. She had hardly recovered from these terrible injuries when she was summoned to Ton kin, and nobly responded to the call. Such, is the woman whose heroism has at last -een publicly recognised, just as she has attained the age of three-score years and ten. The Sunday Question.— The Austral asian Typographical Journal, the organ of the typographical trades unions of the colonies, has detected the danger of Sunday labor, and speaks out strongly on the sub ject as follows : — ' The tendency to en croach upon the working man's Sunday is a practice that all trades unionists should struggle against. The high pressure at which labor is maintained nowadays makes it all the more necessary that' the day of rest should be preserved inviolate. Toilers have got all to lose and nothing to gain by the Sabbatarian barriers being swept away. Look at. the position of the working man in America, in those States where Sunday labor prevails. Seven days' toil for six lays' pay I Similar experience is shown wherever the sanctity of the Sunday is violated. The plea is always urged that public necessities must be supplied. But the question must naturally arise whether the public really knows its own require ments and necessities. A few faddists have been in the habit of emulating the perform ance of the Tooley-street tailors, and have asked for certain reforms in the name of the great Australian public. But a genuine move upon the part of the latter body is still wanting.' Chinese Ambassadobs. — The Chinese diplomatic service is (says The Times) in its infancy, and many years will probably have to pass before it attains the efficiency of the corresponding services in Western ? countries. One of the most prominent features of the Chinese legations abroad is the enormous number of persons brought in the train of each successive Minister, all of whom seem to be engaged in some capacity. What with secretaries of all grades, attaches, orderlies, and servants in more than Oriental profusion, a Chinese legation is a Chinese colony. It is under- - stood that the Marquis Tseng had in one capacity or another about him some 120 persons in London alone, including not only his own secretaries and servants, but ' their families and servants, and excluding the number in Paris, St. Petersburg, and - the other capitals to which he is accredited. This state of things appears to have now attracted the seriouB attention of the Chinese Government, for the Ministers of the Tsung-li Yamen have submitted & memorial to the Throne recommending the adoption of certain modifications in the Chinese diplomatic service. The Yamen propose that hereafter each Chinese em bassy shall consist only of the Minister, two secretaries of legation, two or three interpreters, two attaches, one military attache, one medical officer, and two writers. For embassies appointed to more than one country the above staff may be ? increased by one of each capacity, but this prescribed limit shall in no wise be allowed to be exceeded. This measure is proposed with the view of curtailing public ex penditure in connection with the Chinese diplomatic service. Possibly it will in crease its efficiency also. Cardinal Manning recently delivered a re markable discourse, in which he gave a very gloomy picture of London and the disintegration of human society in these latiei days : ' London is a desolation beyond that of any city in the Christain world. Four millions of humans beings of whom 2,000,000 have never set their foot in any place of Christain worship ; and among these 2.000,000 God only knows how few have been baptized, how few have been born again of water and the Holy Ghost.. London is a wilderness. It is like Borne of old— a pool into which all the nations ot the world streamed together and all the sins of all the nar ons of the world were continually fiowibg. Such is London at this day.' 