CHAPTER XVII. A WHITE LIE. The Enrl of Strathspey held his. word as sacred as his.bond; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a white lie, when he avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis astrous in their results as black ones, for if the earl 1 ad not indulged in this one, lie would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion hashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grew into a torturing reality. The sudden fancy that struck him, was that the little flaxen-haired boy, with a face so wondrously like Lady Pearl’s, was his wife's child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted peer that the boy might be his child, and the one who bore his name, and was to be his heir, might be an impostor.. No such dream ever entered his mind; he fully believed that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, as some of the malo Strathspeys had been before him, had been restored to him ; yet he harbored the foolish sus picion that the little Tyrol lad, whose face haunted him day and night, might be Ihc child of his countess. He, her husband, thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living being had dared to utter such a thing in his hearing, he would have, struck him dead at his feet. Once in his mind, the fancy haunted him like a fiend. How else could he ac count for his wife’s visit to the cottage, for her strange conduct, and above all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression 7 At last the poor man’s torture grew to be unbearable, and he determined to go back to the Tyrol and solve the mystery. He would find some way, either through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman; and he would see the child again, and judge by its age and appearance whether his terrible suspicions were trne or false. Accordingly, he made his arrangements, and uttered liis white lie about his run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and crossrd the Channel by tbe first steamer, little dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From Calais he started direct for the valley of tbe Rhetian Alps; but. mid way, at a little wayside inn, ho fell ill. His constitution was like iron, but it sank beneath the incessant mental torture he had endured within the lost few weeks; and -for two nights he lay prostrate, scorched with fever. In his delirious, midnight dreams, he began to think of death, death far from home, and wife, and children ; death, with this hideous sus picion in his soul. His wife’s face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, rose up before him, and he awoke to the bitter wrong ha wu doing her, and determined to return to Eiigbuid, and forever give over his ab surd illusion. But the moment the fever abated he tottered to hie feet, and all his old, tortur* ing fears returned with double force. He could not go back ; be must know the truth, or he should go mad. ■ So, in opposiiion to the entreatieB of the surgeon who attended him, he started off, white as a ghost, and only able to keep on his feet. The September sun hung low in the purple sky, and all the grand eld Switzer peaks glittered with his departing glory, on the afternoon Iwhcn Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Vcr ney had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and learning that his friend was something better, he accompanied her. At a small public-house, at no great distance from the shepherd’s cottage, he hired a carriage and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that the poor mother would sooner seek her child alone, he put her out at the edge of the little coppice, and avowed liis de termination to remain there with the carriage until she should return. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short space that intervened between the coppice and the cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few momenta she would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low above the western seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low ing herds floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings, tho countess hurried op. Half way across the slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just beforo her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blossoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a little boy in a scarlet smock and plumed cap. The little fellow was sitting astride the dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while the great, grim animal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if he enjoved the sport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment, gazing on the lovely pastoral picture, the tears streaming over her wan checks. At last sho drew near. The dog raised his pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. Tbe countess paused in terror, but the | boy’s quick eyes had spied her. “Down, Tiger,” he cried, planting his brown, chubby foot on the animal’s head, and the dog obeyed. “ Come on,” he continued ; “ him won’t bite oo, him only bites dc bad foxes.” Lady Strathspey approached, aud held out her hand. “Have you forgotten me, Rommie?” she asked. “ No, ineed, I knows oo—oo corned j with other lady, long, long ago. Dat’s I my kid, Molly’s kid; granmudder s tys it’s my brudder—ain’t it nice ?” lie replied, giving her one little hand, and pointing the other toward the kid, which was cropping the green grass-blades a yard or two away. She tried to answer, but her voice failed; the little prattling voice thrilled her to the heart’s core. “ Oh, my darling, my darling!” she sobbed, catching the child in her arms, aud coveriug his face and hair with pas sionate kisses. lie struggled from her arms, looking up with wide, wondering eye3. “ What do make oo always ky ?" he questioned, a trifle impatiently; “ Rouimie don’t like folks to ky.’’ “ Don’t yon, darling ?” said the countess, restraining her tears; “then I’ll not cry any more, for I want you to | like mo. Don’t you like mo, ltomniie 1” “ Oh, yes, Rommie like3 os, an' lie likes granmudder, an’ granpap, an’ Molly, lots end lots.” “ Who is Molly V “ Molly’s my goat—my mammy goat— don’t oo want ’o see her “ Not now ; I’ll sec her by and by ; sit here by me, aud lec us talk a little bit. Where’s grauduiother Y' “ Tooking supper. We’s doing to have tustard pie—oo want some ?” Lady Strathspey nodded, and took liis little round rigiit arm in her hands, with a beating heart, almost fearing to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling suro it was “Won’t you let me see your pretty arm ?” sho asked. “ Yes, indeed ! Does oo want to see my pretty koss, too 1—look a there now he cried, pushing up tho loose sleeve of his smock. There it was! The Strathspey birth mark, the scarlet cross, deep aud vivid beneath the white, transparent skiu ! For au instant the sunlight peaks, aud all tho green valley, swam before the poor mother’s eyes, but by a mighty effort she controlled herself. - “ Little Rommie,” she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her heart, ‘‘ you are my own child, and as suro a3 I live, and Heaven helps me, you shall bo your father's heir. 