CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission of South Australia were begun in the Stow Church guildreom on Tuesday afternoon, when the council met under the pretideney of the Her. Walter Jones. There was a large atlendanoe of -?■-■■'**■ and Uimen. On the motion of tbe Rev. W. R. Fmttohkb, M.A., leoonded by tbe Rev. J. Lloto, • Tola ol thanks waa tendered to tbe Her. F. W. Oox lor acting v chairman since the Rev. A. John left the colony. The Revs. F. Hastioga Mid K. Hampdeu- Cook, 8.A., were admitted into the Union, and retained thanks. Toe Ben. J. E, Kelly and W. Peory Jones, who had bean admitted at the h?U yearly meeting, also spoke. The church at Benmark wai also admitted. Air. J. J. Stccket presented tbe report of the committee, which atated that 13 meetings of the executive committee focttht yew 1888 9 had been held, at which the average attendance had been 31 oat of SO member* Ineoaceqoenee of the Rev. Alfred Joans, who bad been elected chairman, leaving for "Vic toria in October of last year and resigning the chairmanship, the committee unanimously re queatad the Ke*. F. W. Out to take tbe position, which he had done. The wife of the Bar. J. O. McMiahael, who had bold the position of corresponding and minmte aenetary far acme yean past, had been serioosly ill, and she passed away about ■ month ago. The secretary h*d subsequently removed to Part Wakefien, torf preferred not to be re-elected to either of tbe offioes. The Athelsrone or Shipley ennreb had been tented by Partor Abbott, of Stepney, foe twelve months. Nego tiations for the transfer of the church property to the Union ai trustee for the dmreh had been oarried on, bat were now nupended owing to the difficulty of getting the ohursh to hold a meeting to aaaotio? the (transfer. The only new church for the year was Un> mark, which according «o tha report of the subcommittee w progmaaing utiafaetorily. althangh a building bad not been erected owing to the flood aeare, The tiiter oalonias of Victoria and New South Wales not being willing to'oo-operate in a Birer Murray mission, and the «—««« i position of the Union forbidding them to undertake ffm WOtk ■Jwgia.t.^iHaql lyh^fyfiy ll^rfi to be abandoned. Beterenoe waa made to tbe —timiati'if* of the Ben. A. Jonea, B? K. McKay, and J. Nelson, and the admis sion of the Beys. A. G. Fry. J. E. Kelly, E. Haawdan Oook, W. F. Jones, F. Hastings, and aW> of tbe ?—;b??«m~i of too Bey. T. Hope, and the oommittee were glad to notice thaTtochtttThhsdimairi?Kmtlyreqaostadhim to withdraw hii resignation. The jproposed settlement of the Key. F. C. B. Fairey at North Shine, and the transfer of the Bey. W. S. Femie to ?Tffia^~ i. and the Bey. J. Chap man to Hamley Bridge were also referred to. The literature sub-oonunittee had reoom meaded that tbe Union ahould co operate with the denomination in New Sooth Wales with respect to the year-book, the Inde pendent, and a youwr people's xamgmriae. The subject of foreign missiona waa a large one, and difficult to report on at tbe present stage. Negotiations were in progress whereby Victoria and Sonth Australia, and it was hoped the other colonial as wall, would unite in accepting a field of labor in India or else wtwre to which all colonial- born miasumariea might for tbe present be sent The objeot was gradually to bring the field of labor more directly to the hearts of tha colonies. Miss LshK. Oox, daughter of the Bey. F. W. Ccx, was sow ready to ro. Sue had been approved by the home board of the London Missionary Bociety, aad the Vie *«i^i? gn^ tiitt p«w^t| Australian Zonana branch were prepared with the necessary fends. Hie authorities in Xiondun seemed slow, how ever, ? completing the final arrangements. The subcommittee would report a* to the college scheme. The rapcrt conaloded with a reference to the visit of Dr. Haanay and Mr. Lee. Some diaonation took place with regard to tbe different daoses in the report, and with reapeet to the ministerial students the Bey. W. B. Finc?i? stated that m the Parkin fund would be of no use for several yeacs to came, tethoagttaeoaetttigsbenUtediMe at earn. He offered himsnif to provide Cor three ctodenta ?jear if the Union would *ot similariy as to a like nnsgber. Thadiscnamoa on ***** ""itV"" waa adjourned tQI the following day. On the motion of the Bey. J. Mc?wuc it waa decided Oat the question of the Athal stAint or Shipley cnurcn shA^ii be referred to the executive oommittee with power to act. The report was adopted. The Bey. J. B. Glassok waa eleoted chair man for 1890 91. THE QHAIBKAS's ADDRESS. In the evening tbe Uev. W. Jons gave tbe chairman's address in toe Stow lecture hall. He took as bis subject — "How can our chnicbf? be made more useful ?" and in tbe conne of his rematkt said: —Toe March num ber of the iVori* American Bevitto has a ■•ties of abort articles on the question, "Oanont ctsrehea be made more useful?" That the question should be put in this way shows that the "pint of the times is not unfriendly to OhrisCiaaity. Vat the laot of the question beragpntiadicatel that tiwugfatfnl minds are «I the opinion that OhrmUamty aa represented tytheotmnbeatthe variooade?omisatto?>>u not fnffiHfcw iti great mtaioa in a way alto gether satisfactory And this opinion is re fieeted by the utterances of many of the lead- I ing minds wrtain the churches. Amongat us an then nr a great anxiety for usefulness, and we fad a we an not of more service to Crod MitA man tbe fit*— *"**' of one «*m^?u? will wane and set. Tha anarit of the age is earnest and eager. The) amwnhma; tight of oritiaiaan k biatiwiirrsTii«iiwf ll;ptti*''™n<MuPaK«i'M tMMt •reeds. Tbe am is radical. It asks why things are aa they are. B uiumwa -"Oaonot thqFbnntadebetterr bntan^airirdingitadf tofte taak of aaending or ending. To the qneatiew. wmoh I have preposedf the fasti of fin New Teftimenf chnroh fornkh tbe anawer—By ? b?ptism of "power from <* high." Hen and then throog* on* ?bo \ fiiHaiisM wpm grw vicuuibb foe God an being won. The yrnrng of nsafl ia tms-that that which asjxeeptionsl may 1 ski aim the unnenal eipwiesum. As cbaxneaweaeed a'powerfK>inon high" to cul tivate greater ikjilwanwainnngai niiiaelses; we ■aadtneruait?aawiai to wflneaa tar and to HveteOhmt. AMwadrancrngtheideathat the onorchjM? not ttis Rift to-dag-T No. Bat withont nsMinp lodgment upon aoy section of OhriaM ohm 3, we can antnat the gift ia not upon us mwe might have rb The eannat and dwwnt of every AwiiMiiinali mA ymm from ? ?-« a._ .ne?- _ sjf- _ ■« B ,s«B*4s>^Bai«s? IXnsaw ahaaSis b« brought about? B b not alto sUhtr wilaiii (liat <r« faaro not dapartad facm the aimple faSfa that aaya—"Prayer is the Ohristian'sTital breath, tha OndatnuA nafera air." Htassry tnUi sHhsgaftnring^—iiyjn*-" Bant and angnat aaiwnMy whose deliberations affected saasv peoples. History teDs of many a heroic eoeflntVasthatof Ijeomdas at Ther mopyUe, upon the issues of which buns the freedom of atinaa, Bat in ita own sphere bowfnngbtwiihraeaaingto the whole worid the nrtneting of tnoaa towty men and women for prayer in the npper room at Jernsslnm at the time of Fanteoaat. They wenunojonaeioaa of the prrfmmdsigaificanoeof their devootnem andobfrtifWft xxenven wna not. Ffayeron earth promptrd praise in heaven; prayer in the afans church evokad the promised "power from on bigfa." In these dan of •rienoa aad proud philosophies faith in prayer ia regarded in pertain ejnrtesv ay % ajgn of nmntnl inww iflnty? Tna putoitasd the pew have felt the infloenoe of this opinion. Hap-?0y the glaaur of aeJentme tbongnt in regard to spirrtori matters is hnng itea?cHaadtovereig?ty. The command which JesnaOnristgaveaa the gsaat oonunandment to hkCkurshm aDagaalUttHa-"Go ye there fore and make duerplaa of aU the nations, bant?ttngthem into tbe name of the Father and of tfe Bon and of the Holy Ghost" And tbe very last words our Lord uttered before His aaomaon aim these —"Ye shall receive power when tha Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and «w—?t? and unto tiaa utterarast pacts of tbe earth." U woeds mean anything and solemnity of onaasion can to they significance we have the answer to the untntiou. "How can our ebnrctaa be made monnaarnir Our anawer to this question Tiaa nothing new about it. It ia simply a resort to «■!*■■—fft-«ta- tha* are oW and yet ever new. Bntsa the dan -of. the Oxford move ment, mien Dr. Newman and bis feHow •Traetarians initiated a new departure in things religion*, a great reform has swept over Sng lisb Chriatian lands. New aburches have been built of imposing style. Old ones have been renovaflrd and beautified. Ourmudeandhymsa haw been ■mdeaniswd. The externals ol wor ship have gone through a perfect transforma tion. Still tbe cry is, "Make your organisation more perfect, your aervioea more attractive, «onz nreacbittfl! t nnrK in tnmiti srith the tfiyigtit Hd mteiectwl melhodi ol tne toy." All these tfamga an "■*«* in their way. but they win not fnmf-™pP«i« much of themteivas for the Kingdom of Christ. We may adopt for pulpit themes awbjecca aooial, poKtiaal,jwni*rutbfol, semi profane, or nnnsiaiairil We may insti tute gorgeous aervmet, aad enttivate magni fiaent singmg. We may choose tins or that philosophy as our method of reasoninE. We may be endowed with commanding eloqaenee, aad yet do really nothing to transform the heart and win of men and women. On the otner band having few of these accessories but possessing the presence of ths Holy Ghost we (ball be nighty in owr wax against sin and semsbneas. Without the blessing of the Holy Ghost in toe special manner promised by our Lord the oborcbes may continue to exist. Tne general, tbongn nst tfae special, preaenee «t tfca Spirit fat them wfll mate tnem to an extent concetto and moral toroas. Ths contrast of tbe churches with only the general presence ol the Spirit, and tbe churches with the special blnsi?g from on high will be as tfae contrast of tfae Apostles, acd early chnrch before and after the day of Fentecoet, There is a danger in these days of progress and detiw *or eomethagnewofovsrieMkiogtheraatthMtPJ secret of spiritual life suooeu is the same as in the day* of old. Aa wa understand it there i? « degtee «f truth in prieatism. It is a naif tenth, and therefore more dan gerona if rested in than a doctrine wfaion is ' wboDy falip. We can only overcome its I menacing influence by proclaiming the whole aa we preach tfae true and elorioni doctrine— "the prieithood of all." R?fn?^i.m and the High Ohnrchiam of a powerful aeotign in toe English Episcofwl Ohuroh ate not diminwhing io&uenoaiin; our communities. Toe strength of these systems lies in two doctrines, namely, the presence of the Holy Ghost in the Ohuroh through her priesthood, and the real presence in the Sacrament of Holy Oommunion. Tbe tendency of certain asbools of Protestants is to explain away the saoxificial significance of the Atonement, and to interpret ibe biblical references to the Holy Ghost *a figurative of general Divine influence. Better that tbe world should hay? preserved to it these two great doctrines by priestly systems than it ■KfliiVl lose thsre (if such a «t?"fr were poisiWe) through the rationalising of non priestly sj stems. If we virtually expel the Atonement and tbe Holy Gboat from our creed and belief, we shall be impotent compared with ecclesias tical churches in witnessing for Obrut in the worid. Dr. R. W. Dale, in a sermon en the Holy Ghost, says:—"lt is not ths perfection of its organisation that enables a church to redeem men from their sins and lead them in the paths of righteonsneH, There have been preachers in tbe Ohuroh of Borne in spite of its monstrous pojitjr who have done in finitely more for ""y""^ and for God <**" whole crowds of preachers, eloquent, learned, and orthodox in tbe purest Vrotestant Churches. Then ia no "poarer," no "holi ness," in Presbyterianism, in Methodism, in OwgrmaiUoaauim. in Episcopacy, to work the spiritual •"i*^m by which the lives of indi viduals and communities an transformed. 1' This teach ing baa remarkable though uneon aoiouj illustration in the manner in wUeh the claims of rtmnnninM? <*m are regarded by the average Australians. Some say they aredeficient in hitfr>ri«rt instinct. Certainly they show a languid interest in the atruggle of their an cestor! for the vindication of this or that denomination. They take things as they find them and Judge accordingly. The test they apply is more practical than poetioaL They judge of a tree by its fruit. Toey know that all thurohes in then land* ataad opon a perfect equality. If they ace that a priestly system is more in earnest for God and more eager for the Rood of men than anti priestly systems we know to which they will give their support, We believe that priestcraft is baneful to apiritual liberty and vital godliness. The only pTarft*l*l way in which it can be overcome is tor . us to pray the Fatter to make nil our people "kings and priests unto God" by the quicken ing bantum of the Holy Ghost. If the churches do their duty what may not Australia do - for the honor of Christ and the good of men. We are not cramped by the tetters of tradi tion and custom as on the other side of the world. No church true to Australian people wSI allow itself to be overshadowed by old world I'w^'p^ God and fTfi?*ist alono irnist be in our thoughts. Laboring under such condi tions a glorious dream of Australia's power for true religion fills the mind. We want not the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our denomina tions and Australia will lead in the van of the armies of tbe Prince of Peace. The unfavorable weather prevented the meeting from being very well attended, but those who were present rewarded the speaker with dose attention and considerable applause. The meetings will be continued daring the week. 