SPORTING. THE TURF. Registration has been granted to tho follow ing race meetings by the AJ.C.:— Woinba, December 26 ; Milpariuka, December 26 ; Ado- long Crossing, January 25 ; Cool Baggie, January 1 ; Stuart Towu, January 27. Tho ontnes of Rock Inly aud Dead Dtrd tor tno Rosehill pony meeting to beheld on January 8 arrived alter time and tfb could not bo accepted. Rosiicrucian, Mario and Eyry havo been struck out of all engagements at the A.J.C. meeting, whilo Papua has been scratched for the Summer Cup. The following contributions hnvo been re ceived for tho " A. Town Memorial" in addition to those already published : — Mr. Thos. Cook. £5 6s ; Mr. S. Burdekin, £5 6s ; Drs. Scalo and Traill, £5 6s each ; Mr. H. Samuel, £2 2s. Tho sale of the privileges at the A.J.C. summer meeting fetched £680. This was dis tinct from the gates, which wero withdrawn. Tho nominations of Hforrah, Explosion, Tom Brown and Austral for the Challenge Stakes and Anniversary Handicap were received too late for acceptance. "Touts" swarmed at Randwick yesterday morning and the greatest possible interest was evinced in tho fiuisbiug gallops of tbo candi dates for the big events of tho week. The course proper was again thrown open, but hurdles placed some 30yds. across prevented any wear of that portion nearest the mils. Grandliko was the first horse to make appearance shortly aitcr&4 o'clock, aud ho simply did strong work. Eyry went once round at full speed, but mndo no record. Yorkshire Lass was given slow work, and Fct Girl, though not extended, waa given a strong gallop. Novice was extended over a mile, which she ran very creditably in lnfin. 53sec. Bardo took Imin. 23sec. to cut out six furlougs. Bernardo, Qngo and Zone ran six furlongs on the inside track, finishing in the order named in imin. 20sec. Zephyr and Melissa were given fast work. Cobbain nnd Messenger bud a fast sprint over six furlongs, Messenger having tho best of the finish. Touchstone bested Iteich- hardt over eeven fnrlongs in ltniu. 42sec. Magnus mado 2min. 43 l-5sec. for once round (one mile and three furlongs), running away from Fernandez. Barraba and Alantilla were bustled along over five furlongs 33yds., which was cut out in Imin. llsec., Mantilla being the first to finish. Ringdove was credited # with 2min. 4 2 see. for ouce round,- having Eveline to bring her home over the last half-a-dozen furlongs. Prelude bested Utter over iiv'e, furlongs, run in a tick tinder Imin. 7sec. Youug Kingston ftas better thau Marie Louise over the same distance in Imin. 9soc. Ethel, Harmony and Tea Tray finished iu the order named over six furlongs, making Imin. 22sec. for the distance. Wilga beat Glen Elgin in Imin. 0&»ee. over five fur longs. Lamoud buried Black Demon iu a six- furlong spin cut out in Imin. 23scc. Fairfield wasnotequul to The Gift over six furlongs. Antmus was spun out over a mile and beat Lily home over the last five furlongs in Imin. Usee. Pretty Kate went down before Claremont once round, the time being 2raiu. 4Lsec. Phaon took Imin. lOsec. to defeat Upper Ten over five far- longs. Vacy was put down by Hester for six furlougs in Imin. 23 3-6sec. Sinecure, Tribune aud "Yolney were sent once round, and Volney and Sinecure finished together in"2min. 44sec. Randolph beat Tephillim over five furlongs in Imin. 8sec. Sequel, Lava aud Spice had a great go over six furlongs. They wero started at the new six-furlong post, which allows a straight ran of three furlongs to tho straight. There was a great finish between them, Sequel proving a bit tho best, while Lava showed superior to Spice. Owing to the angle thu atartiug-post lies at, taking the time was rather difficult, but it was clocked from Imin. ISsec. to Imin. 21sec. Aston beat Federation over six furlongs. Kilmoru had the best of Rex over five furlongs in limn. 7 2-5sec., whilo Correzo was clocked a trifle faster ovor the saino distance, when he put down the Medea colt. Sydney ran six furlongs in Imin. 23£scc., beating Paatmaater. Spoilt Child had a long way tho best of Hypocrite over the same distance, run in liniu. 23 O-oaB. Brunswick, Too Soon aud Steel Arrow negotiated 6ix furlongs in company, and finished in the order named in Imin. 23sec. Insignia beat Second Thought over the new six-furlong course, running the last five in Imin. 7sec. Yespasia did strong work. Riddle went a fast six furlongs. Ustane and Pathfinder conld not get near Bonnie Spec at tho finish of one mile and a furlong, run in 2min 14scc. Myall Queen made Imin. 8sec. for iivo furlongs, putting down Cleopatra. Gay- time beat Re over six furlongs in Imin. 24sec. Sir "William, Albert and l'tiverstown started for once round. Albert was beaten back and Sir William, who was picked up the last six fur longs by Little Dick, finished in 2min. 46£sec. Talisman beat Rubicon and Mohawk over seven furlongs, run in Imin. SSsec. A number of other horses did strong work. Amongst these may be mentioned Abercorn,Drcaduought and Singapore, who were bustled round tho course proper at a smarter pace than they bare been treated to for some time. Tbo Tempo colt aud another was also given smart work. Recent Indian files record more victories for Australian bred horses, among whom may be mentioned Moorhouse (Lucknow Trial Slakes), who had Fauch-a-ballagh second and Cuba third ; Nellie "(Little Go Chase, Lucknow) ; Harvester (Grand Annual Hurdle Race.) At the Souepore meetiug, Midas won the Doomraon Cup and Belliah Cup, Charlton won the Hutwa Cup, Eskbank the Durbhunga Cup, Little Sister . the Merchants' Cup, Spray tho Beck'Cnp, Saloyard the Indian Planters Gazette Purse, Charlton the Civilians' Cup, The Ghost tho Jaintpore Plate and Gold Jessop's Cup, all the winners being Australians. On November 2 all tho races at the Cnlcutta Monsoon meeting were won by Australian horses. The Pony Stakes fell to Whiff, the Hoogbly Stakes and the Scurry were won by Mr. Dudley's Traveller, the Autumn Stakes by Reginald Murray's Rocket, and the Selliug Stakes by Mr. Gladstone's Fishwife. The editors, in preparing a new edition of the earliest volume of tho English Stud-book, have been favored by«tke gift of an early copy, with manuscript additions and so much valuable information, tftiat thoy concludo there must still be in some old families maunscript stud records of the I7th or early part of the 18th century, which might throw some light on some of tho older pedigrees at present starting from an unknown dam. They aro endeavoring to obtain certain information on this, with a view of using the same. Tho Knowslcy Nursery Stakes, five furlongs, the big two-year-old event of the Liverpool autumn raiding, which was decided on No vember G, was won by Garter, by Hampton out of Insignia, by Blair Athol. Garter, who has only two winumg brackets outside this, is engaged in all the classic events next year. When the wonderful Axtell put up bis record of 2min. I2aoc. for a milo trot ho was sent to break a record of 2tmn. 13-fHec. made by tiuaol, by Electioneer— Warnna. When Senator Stan ford, SunoPe owner, heard of the now record ho determined to make an effort to outdo it, .auci his filly waa immediately put in preparation. The trial came off at San Francisco on November 9, nud Snnol was accompanied by a running horse, the start being mado with the latter about a furlong behind. She trotted beautifully, and without a skip put the mile behind, her in 2min. lessee. The quarter was done iu 32scc., the half in Itnini 5sec., the three- quarters in Imin. 37scc., the last quarter being cleared in 33$sec. By trotting a mile in 2mm. 10£sec. Snnol baa placed herself third iu the list of trotters; Uor record boing excelled by only Maud S. (2min. 8Jsec.) and Jay- Eye-Sec (2min. lOaec.). The world's record for high jumping by a horse— Oft. Oin., made at the New York horse show last year by Mr. Gebhard'a Leo and by Filemaker— was beaten by an iuch and a-half by two horses at the Chicago horso show on November 7. The now record was put up by two Canadian-bred horses, Ontario nnd Rone- berry. From all accounts the contest, in wbich seven jumpers took part, was 7ery exciting. Tho death is reported of the famous brood mure Maggie B.B., the dam of Iroquois. She was by Australian, dam Mudehne, by Boston, and was foaled in 1867, being bred by John M. Clay at the Ashland Farm, Kentucky (U.S.) Her pro- duco became famous on the turf, Iroquois, winning the English Derby, Prince of Wales Stakes and Doncastor St. Legcr. The old mare was only ill two days. Further news of tho running of tho Liverpool Cup, decided on November 8, which vras won by Coiouol North's four-year-old bay filly Philomel, by I'hilomon— Chrysalis, states that the Duko of Bedford's livo-year-old cheanut marc llove d'Or was second, four lengths before Captain L. H. Jones' four-year-old brown colt Tbeoso-. piust, third. There were 12 starters, tbo others being Claiibcllc, Monmouth, Pamela, Tommy Tittlemouso, Yasistas, Grafton, Riugmuator, Keuilworth aud LaJy Rosebcrv. The lust betting was 17 to 1 each against Philomel and Rfive d'Or, 12 to 1 v. Theosophist, 2 to 1 v. Claribelle, 4 to 1 v. King Monmouth, 7 to 1 v. Pamela, 12 to 1 v. Tommy Tittlemouse, 29 to 1 v. VasLntaH, 26 to 1 v. Grafton, 38 to 1 v. Ring master. 50 to 1 v. Keuilworth. and 100 to 1 v. Lady Rosebery. Philomel won by three-quar ters of a length. Tnero were lour lengths between Kuvc d'Or and Theosophist. By the lnt English mail a report was received that tlie speedy American colt El Rio Key, owned by Mr. Tueodo.'e Winter, ami who bus a record of Imin. Usee., had died. American advicus received by the Mariposa contradict this. The colt, which is one of the most valuable in- the States, had, however, a very narrow shave, as be was tulcea bad wirti typhoid influenza auU for several days his life was despaired of. ,„If the A.J.C. are favored with fine weather for their races on Boxing Day, the meeting should ho a very successful oue. Randwick, improved as it has been, with enlarged course nud a larger a Laid, besides many other improve ments of a minor nature, will look at its best. At present the lawn appears beautifully fresh and green aud thu course in line order. As the programme is a very high-cluus one, a large attcudauce can very reasonably bo expected. Tho contest for the Bummer Cup, for which hhif-a-doz'jn are fancied, aud the meeting of our best two-year-olds in their events should L>o alone mtfiicicui to attract thousands. Every j-osihie arraugouiout has been made by the cuib oidria'.jj lo mo.t tin: H.'qiihvm.juts of tin: 1 public, and if the weather is only propitious tho meeting should bo one cf tho most successful the club has yet held. Lava remains an even firmer favorito for tho Snrnmor Cup than before. No large wagers are reported about her, but she is boiag steadily backed, and yesterday all offers of f> to 1 wero eagerly snapped up, nnd in tho evening 4 to I was the best offer obtainable. Tho only busi ness of auy moment in tbc betting market has been the backing of Yellowstone nnd Magnus, some £3000 bciug taken about each. Yellow stone at 100 to 9 aud Magnus at 100 to 7. About Yellowstone £1600 was laid in ono pop, £600 in another, betides other sums. Noricu was backed for £1000 ut 100 to 9, and now tho best price offering is 100 to 10, 100 to 9 wanted. Tho following, are the market quotations Lava, 100 to 26 (off.), 100 to 20 wanted ; Novice, 100 to 10 (off.), 100 to 9 f wan tod); Graudlike, Yespasia, Ellcrdalc, Yellowstone, 100 to 9 (tk. and off.) ; Magnus, 100 to 7 ; Lcichliardt, Moscow, Invader, Ringdove, Cardigan, 100 to 6 (off.). For Tnttersall's Club meeting tho following scratcbings have been mado : — Lady Car- xington Prize : Namoi, . Tephillim. AU engagements : Stockwell, Eyry, Rosicrucian, Marie. Carritigton Stakes ; Squire. Nursery Handicap : Namoi. A couple of the jockeys had to be fined at Mooreficld yesterday and Vnuderwardcn, tho rider of Lady Griuacll in tho Carlton Handicap, and J. Gough, up on Wildflower in thu Bluke- harst Handicap, were each mulct in £6 by tho 'starter for disobedience. The Mooreficld management made a net profit of £23 over tho Disposal Stakos at tho races yesterday. Actross, the winner, waa entered to be sold for nil, but fetched £43, being bought by Mr. Antony, all of which goes to the club. Tho prize was £20. The sum of £300 was distributed in stakes at tbc Mooreficld races yesterday. This was ap- portioneU out as follows : — Mr, F. M'Gratn, £90, firdt in Carlton Handicap and Selling Stakes ; Mr. "VY. Lyons, £70, first in Blakehivrst Handicap ; Mr. H. Stroflg, £60, first in Rock dale Handicap ; .Messrs. W. Frost and E. Griffin, £25 each, first in Ilurdlo Race, divided ; Mr. F. Fielder, £20, first in Disposal Stakes. 