CONGREGATIONAL UNION. THE ANNUAL SESSION. The 24th annual scseion of tbo Congregational Union of Now South. Wales was opened in the Pitt-street school-hall yesterday afternoon when a short devotional service was held, conducted by the retiring chuirinnn the Rev. T. E. Owens Men. At tlie conclusion or tue service, on me suggestion of tho chairman, tho roll was taken an called over. There were present in all, iucludiug clergy and laity, over;l80 delegates. Tho CrutRMAN then delivered a brief address on the termination of. his year of office. Ho felt that the year had been ono in which tho grace of .God bad been markedly manifested. Looking back bo could aeo nothiuc to mako tbcm sad or to cause thorn to bo anything but oncouraged. They all romemberod the curious circumstances under which ho took office. Twelvo months ago last May, in their difficulty, the committee of lho Union had turned to him nnd nRked him to take Lho chairmanship, aud though at great inconvcnieuco ' to himself, after duo deliberation he had accepted the office without hesitation, determined with the help of God to do his duty to tbo beat of hie ability. The brethren evidently had mora confidence in him than ho had in himself, and he trusted that confidence had not been mis placed. He had during the year endeavored to lean on God nnd to put forth nil Ins powers to servo the Union and at the same time not to neglect the claims of tho church over which ho was pastor. His term of office bad expired His service had beeh far from perfect, hut where it. had been faulty he hoped to haro their forgiveness, nnd trusted that any such faults would ha allowed to pass out of their memories. Iu handing over the office he felt that if lie bad not added to its lustre he was not conscious of having in tiny way tarnished it. In the ahscuce of the chairman, the Rot. J. G. Fruacr, Mr. Mcll coutinucd his position in tho chair, and a vote of thanks was passed to him tor his services during his year of office. TU« following newly-settled ministers were inti'o-.lno. the chairman and admitted to the sittings of t.ho Union: — The Revs. J. Fordyce,of Woilahra; J. Bennett, of CainpbeiUovvu ; J. Sarginson, of Rookwood, and «i. Parker, ot North Shore. The following visitors were also introduced -The Rev. B. Rhodes, of Mel bourne ; J. Lnishley, of Now Zealand : Dr. Bevuu, of the Coliius-street Church, Melbonrne, and J. Henry, a deacon of the Elgin-street Church, Glasgow. The toliowiug new charges wore admitted to the uuion Dulwicli-hill, Granville, Kogarab, Strathfield and South Head. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Rosehy, seconded by the Rev. J. Buciian, tho Congrega tional Total Aostinenco Association was affiliated with the Union. The Itevs. Morgan Williams ana J. D. Hen nessey were admitted as personal members. union .report. Mr. R. W. Hard IB then read the annualre- port, from which wo take tho following extracts 41 A half-yearly session of the union wan held at Newcastle in the month of April. Tlie meetings wore largely attended and per vaded throughout by u spirit of intense earnest ness, while the kiuduesa aud raagnilicent hos pitality ot the churches in the northern district is never to lie forgotten. Special attention was given at this session to the exposition of our principles and to matters affecting tho welfare of the young. During the year 18 meeting? of the committee have been held. Your committee regret to have lost ihe valued services of three of their number, llev. D. Jackson having re- moved to uatntnsc, auu ait. o. av. ciunnA Mr. T. Miller having taken a trip to England. During tlie year 10 of our ministers have resigned their charges. Tho list includes the Revs. J. Foster, Bathurst ; Robert Wilson, Milton ; J. D. Hennessey, North Shorn ; Walter Mathioou, B.A., Croydon ; George Littlcrabre, Bunvood ; Daniel Jackson, Himtcr's-hiU ; Mor gan Williams, B.A., Wiudsor; J. M. Bay Icy, Kookwond ; W. Hiding, Albury ; George Camp- hell, Kcdfern ; aud to these the committee regret to report will boou bo added tho resigna tion of Rev. Dr. Jeffcris. Now settlements havo been moro numerous than during any pre ceding year in the history of tho Union aud reach the large number of 17. Tbcy include Rev. C. J. W. 'Moou at Manly, Johu Fordyce, M.A., at Point Piper-road Church, Woollahra, Robert Wilson at Dulwicli-hill, Waltor Matin- sou, B.A., at ICatoomba and Lawson, Daniel Jacksou at Bathurst, Gcorgo Littlemoro at the now'ciiurch formed atStratufiold, John Bennett at Campbclltown, Isaac Sargiuson at llook- wood, J. M, Baylev at Lcickhardt, «T. M. Bauds, B.A., at Milton, W. Riding !at Camperdovvn, George Campbell at Bunvood and Joseph Parker at North Shore. Iu addition to these lay pastors havo settled at the following churches Mr. lliggK, Walfoond ; Mr.Bougers, North Willoughby j aud Mr. Furlong, Gran ville. During tho year two honored brethren, members of our ministry, have been called to their rest and reward— Revs. J, J5. Sunderland nnd W. Mathiaon, sen. Mr. Sunderland after nerving the London Missionary Society m the South Sea mission and the "Victorian Union as pastor of tho church at Richmond, came to Sydnoy rather more than 21 years ago as agent for tho London Missionary Society. While over faithful to his icspontibllitics to the Missionary Society, Mr. Sunderland took a deep interest in the geucral work of the churches, served on the committee of tlie union, edited the Vear- hook, held tho office of chair man, and in u variety of ways rendered invulu- ablo service to the cause of Christ amongst us. Mr. Maihison camo to this colony from Tasmania, where he had been a faithful und devoted pastor. His charges in New South Wales wure at Milton aud Windsor Mr. Mathiflou possessed many qualities which rendered him an efficient and successful pastor. In the homes of his people he wan specially beloved, and wherever his ministry was exor cised ho left a sacred and hallowed influence New churches have been formed at StratU- fiold, Kognrah, Duhvicb-hill and Granville. During the year the following havo bocomo vacant and are so still Croydon, Wiudsor, Ilunter's-lull and Redfern. A sito has been presented by Dr. P. Sydney Jones to Trinity Church, Strathfield. Sites liavo also beau purchased at Dulwich-hill, Rockdale and i'lnltsburg. Tlie trusts of tho school churches at Keira, near Wollongong, and Arcadia, near Campbclltown, havo been vested in tho Union, and the Lambton church property is at tlie present lime being conveyed to the Uuion. The churches at Kogarab, ICatoomba and Pyrmont, which wero in tho courso of erection at the last annual mooting of the Uuion, have now been completed. The churches at Sum mer-hill and Leichhardt have beou enlarged, a school hall has been built at Marrickville aud an infant schoolroom at Homobuah, whilo the church at Balmain has undergone extensive renovation. At the half-yearly moetinga at Nowcasllo n resolution bearing on Sunday observance was submitted uud diseusHod. Since then a gcuoral council of tho churches has beou formed to watcli this matter, and on that council your commiltco has been represented by Rovs, T. E. Owens Aicil, U. Doy, Warlow Dnvies, M.A., and James Hill, M.A. Ou tho second Sunday in December last collections on behalf of the hospitals wero made in several of our churches. Ou account of many of thu churches sending their contributions direct to tho hospitals iu which they were specially iutaronled, the amount which passed through tbo hands of the treasurer of tho Union wait £100 14s, a sum not so large as might otherwise have been ex pected. Mortgagor have been effected as follows Kogarab church, £000 for live years, at six per cent. Marrickville church, additiouul for school hall, £500 for live years, at six per cent. Seventy feci of the Pyrmont church land has been let on a building lease for lifty yearn. The committee record with great satisfaction tho payment of £000 of debt on the Waterloo church during thn year. Mr. J. 11. Fairfax gave a challenge oiler of £100 towards £i»00 before lie left for England, if the church could raise before the end of its financial year tho remaining £500. The condition has beou com plied with and the whole of the debt on this valuable property has been reduced to £1000 The church at Nnremhiiru has been sold as no longer needed, and the proceeds applied 10 tho reduction of tho church stad Man? 4-ib a: ! North . Willoughby, which now stand9 at £1100. Part of tho Mosaman'a Bay «chool land hao been aold and the proceeds ap plied to tho reduction of tho debt on the property. The old church site at Kntoomba haa nleo been aold, and tho proceeds applied to tho extinction of tho old debt and the re-ercction of tho church on the new site. The effort initiated by Mr. J, It. Fairfax during the sitting of Inst assembly, to pay into this fund tho amount of £81)2 which had been borrowed by the lato Church Extension Society, has liecn crowned with complete aucccbr. Mr. Fairfax himsolt offered £000 towards tho amount if tho balance could be raised. Mr. R. W. Ilardie look up the i matter, and obtained promises for the whole amount required before tho assembly rose. When the Union took over the home mission work of tho churches 10 months ago grants in aid of work done wero made to Bathurst, Pyrmont, Windsor, Rookwood and Kogarab. At la»t assembly the committee wero able to report that they had found suitable agents for Orange and Dnlwich-hilU Tbo assembly voted grants to all tho places named, and iu addition to Katoomba, Manly and North Willoughby. Those havo all been filled up by able and devoted roeu, whose labors promise to bo a great blessing to the various localities iu which they are stationed. A sum of £i60 was placed at the disposal of the committee for new work. With this they have helped Leich hardt to seenre a pastor, and hare begun work at Rockdale. Temporary grants were also made to Mossman's Bay and Granville. Al though the income for homo mission work is the largest ever received from ordinary sources in any ono year, the increase of agents from live to twelve has demanded ati expenditure ho much larger that there is at the end of the year ndebt balance of £112 10s 4d. Several of the churches have formed ladies' auxiliaries, and wherever this has been done the result has been in the highest degree satisfactory. Were all our churches to form such auxiliaries, or even to appoint one or two ladies iu each church to collect quarterly contributions, thero would be no lack of funds to enable U3 to take a fair share in the evangelisation of the land. The Northern Congregational Church Society has, as in former years, carried on work at Lambton and Islington. Special meution should be made of the zeal and liberality of the churches at Newcastle and West Maitlaud. The proposal which emanated from the Mel bourne Jubilee Conference for the formation of a Congregational Union of Australasia has been considered by the committee, who recommend tho assembly to refer this matter to their suc cessors, to bring up a report and recommenda tion to the next October meetings. During the year the general secretary has visited, alone or in company with others, 54 of onr churches and preaching stations. Tho publications of the uniou, as hitherto, have been the Year Book and the Australian Independent. In the issue of the Year Book the committee have bad the co-operation of tho South Australia!! Union, aud they aro pleased to know that the Queensland Uuion purpose to join iu tho pub lication of the next issue. The Independent goes on steadily increasing in influence and popularity. Tho increaso both to circulation and income will compare favorably with any former year, and, while it haa had to hear the extra cost of illustrations and other changes to render it a more efficient messenger of the churches, its credit balance has risen from £84 Is Bd to £100 8s 10(3. During thi past year tho treasurer ban received ?£1 80 0s 4d on behalf 'of tho union, £11513 Is Od on behalf of the home mission fund, and £1244 Gs 9d on'bohnlr' of tho building fund i making a total of £2677 8a lOd, to which may do added £100 14b for the hospitals, and £754 7s 4d from the Independent, making £8482 10s 2q which has passed through his hands in the course of "the year. r a l ancz- si1 eets. Mr. W. S. Buzacott (the lion, treasurer) brought forward the balance-sheets of the gene ral expenses; the hospital: fund, house mis- sion fund, building loan fund, uud theHitffru- lian Independent. The Rev. A. J. Griffith moved aud Mr. iiiAiiDUiJi ii nut i nccouueu biic auupiivu ui iuu report and balance-sheet. After some discussion, in which the Revs. G. Campbell, Jos. Robertson, T. S. Fotaaith, W. C. Wbyie (Newcastle), and Messrs. Humphrey? (Waliscnd) and W. H. Swain (Waterloo). The motion was curried. oon(t reg atioxal grammar 8011001). The Rev. R. Dky read tho report of the com mittee of tho Congregational Grammar School, which stated t'uat fffo. of land hart been pin- chased at Homehnsh and fenced. Tho receipts had been £2-100 2s (id. Careful attention had been paid to the design. The plau provides for 130 boarders and 200 day scholars, nnd was estimated to cost £10,500. The committee recommended the erection of a portion of the structure at a coat of £8250, which would afford room for 80 boarders and 100 day scholars. Tho total outlay probably would be £17,000, and towards this Camden College waa prepared to advance £9500 at -1 per cent., and £8500 had been received either in cash or iu promises. The Rev. Jos. Rohf.rtsok moved and the Rev. T. W. Warlow Davitcs seconded the adoption of the report, both strongly urging the need of such au institution for the benefit of the youth of their churches. The resolution was carried. the noyfl' college, Dr. Rosehy moved— Tlmt this assembly, having regard to the great lm portancc of the boys' college niovomcnt. nnd in view of the urgency of the proposal now ripo for execution, desires anew to commend tlie scheme to the hearty co-operation of the churches und l'umilies of the do nomination, uud urges ou thu committee to tako steps forthwith to carry out the uudortaking. He urged that no more important matter could possibly engage the attention of the union. They had in this matter been behind other Churches, and it behoved them above aU things to look after the higher education of tfo-ir youth. Ho deeply recrctted, wheu lie regarded his own Alma Mater, that years aeo steps had not been taken to get themselves affiliated with the University. In the matter of higher education they wero behind the "Wesloyans, the Presbyterians, aud the Roman Catholics, and be strongly advo cated the establishment of the college, whereby their boys would be kept to the Church and would receive a high-class and at the same time a religious education. Tho Congregational Union of Victoria hud awoke to the necessity of establishing a denominational gram mar school. Dr. Sydney Jokes seconded the resolution. Dr. Bevan, who met with a cordial recaption, thanked his brethren for tho kindly welcome th«y had given hiin. References had been mado to the question of higher edncatiou in con nection with the Congregational Union of Vic toria. He regretted to havo to say that in that colony the fire had nearly burnt out. There was a f?ood deal of sup posed fuel, hut he feared it was mostly paper, and the majority oven of that bad been proved to bo of a llimsy character. As most of thvrn knew, last year Victoria was crested on tho wave of a land boom aud had been wellnigh stranded, ilf the laud boom had gone on their school would have gone on t oo. Victoria was noted for doing a good deal of booming and would yet come again. With re gard to the question of higher education they were vory much hampered. He was uot sorry for their misfortuues bo far as the land waa concerned, for he believed the result would be a great outburst of the voluntary spirit. New South Wales was iu a different position, and they were looking forward to the starting of the new grammar school. 'If they gave up their schools ana col leges thoy would be beaten not ouly by the other Protestant Churches, but by the Roman Catholics. It was no Gecret that the Roman Catholics were not only training the children of the poor but were establishing schools and col leges all over the colonies. The speaker then earnestly urged upon bis hearers the necessity of doing their utmost in the cause of higher education. reports. The Rev. R. Dey prenonted the report of lho ministers' retiring fuuci, which was adopted, a vote of thnnks being passed to Mr. Josiah Mullens for his services in connection with the fund. The reports of the Preachers' Association and tho cemeteries committee wero also adopted without discussiou. alteration of uijlfjl Tho Rov. Warlow Davies, M.A., moved — That Instead of rule X. in the constitution of tho union the following bo suhititutcd ' "Xo uUomtiuu shall be made tu the constitution of the uniou union notice shall havo beou givou to the secretaries' two full culundar months before tho autiunl meetings of tbo uuiou. and tho seoruluties ahull provide .for the duo communication of such notice to the churohej and their delegates. The motion was carried. PUBLIC MEETING— THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. In the evening a largo congregation as sembled in tho Pitt-strcot church to li&ton; to the inaugural address of the xiewly-eleetod chairman, the Rev. J. G. Fraser. The pulpit was occupied by the chairman and the Rev. T. E. Owens Mel), the ex-chairmau, and the secre tary, tho Rev. Robert Dey, whilst the Revs. l)r. Jefferis, Dr. Bevan and J. Fordyce occu pied seat within the Communion rail. . Mr. Fuasku, after alluding to the cireum- Htaucofl under which lio had been induced to ac cept the office which he hud tho honor to fill, and the gradual growth of un Australian sen timent, he said that they had had many men of note from the old country who had taken foremost rank iu their churches, and they had also bad u noble hand of youug men iu their ministry who lmd mediated between the old and the new and interpreted as it wore the old to the young and tho young to the old. God for bid that thoy who yielded to none in love to the old laihi and in true loyalty should over look upon what came from the fatherland as foreign, lie argued . tlmt if the reffigioun com- inanities of this luiul could uol raise n ministry of their own they imi«t look fur declension and decay. Their work had been carried on under great difficulties. Their principles had for bidden thum to accept -State aid. They had been Atraituned iu means, and those who nought to bo ministers had found how true it was that a prophot was not honored in his own country and among his own kiudrcd. Ho wan proud of tho young men who had hcen turned out o; their colleges, who were able to appreciate with out 3rtUi,-n(M and without mental aubservieney th those who bad been tho groat instructors of. the human raco. Ho would fi)3" men who had undergone ths great mental colt version that made all life a study and a mental . discipline. Others, too, might be found who throw into their necessarily limited sphere of activity au amount of energy that might sur prise thoso who did not know the difficulties and trials of Home of their Australian pas torates. Much arrant nonsense was talked about their Australian youth. Superficial observers were always in danger of mistaking what was most prominent and obtrusive for what was typical. Who in Australia had not felt indignant when be had heard ot acts attributed at home to representative Australians, who, what ever they might reprcseut, did not represent Australian intelligence or Australian sclf- rcspcct. JIo strongly objected to holding up as typical examples of Australian youth those who wero most obtrusive and aelf-asscrtive, and whoso voices were heard londest in their 6treets. He spoke as ono who knew tho genera tion that was passing away, of whom some remained unto the present, but some were fallen asleep, aud he was convinced that they must look to tho future and not rely solely upon extraneous help to provide a ministry for themselves aud for those who came after them. Least of all mnat they commit tho fatal folly of sending away from active sympathy with thoir church and social life, thoso who lind em braced tho work which called for tho . keenest and most subtle sympathy with the life of this young people, to he trained abroad and dis-Australiauisc'd during the most impressionable years of their lives. He (Wished, he said, to speak of a few of the aspects of that great controversy of thought which in their., own day had reached such a degree of intensity. In their day thought circulated with wonderful rapidity. There were, it was true, aome exceptions attacks upon christianity. In his address delivered 20 years ago ho had ventured to say that the attack upon the Christian faith which had been most common wns based upon the one question : "Is there a God 7" At ono time this question was kept studiously in the background, and there wero still many who were quite willing to join iu tho current attacks upon Christianity who were unwilling to acknowledge that this was tha question of questions, or who were unablo to sco tho postulate on which their doubts nnd denials were founded. Logically there was no position bo untenable; morally, there wns no position so perilous us that of the man who is constantly assuming in his thoughts that God does not exist, aud yet shrink from the acknowledgment of his own implied denial. If this assumption is the basis of his thought, ho mnat he living in fatality and self-dcccit. The blackest night or the brightest day did not make as much dif ference to the face of nature as the denial or acknowledgment ot the divine existence to n mau's mental world. Let no one imagine that he was speaking with any want ot sympathy for those who wero walking in the darkness aud finding no light. Ho hart the deepest sympathy for them and had never spoke harshly about honest doubters. He never had forgotten the text, " What have I to do to judge those that are without ?" It waa their duty, however, to point out what they regarded an a logical ¦¦in consistency aud a moral danger. Tlie real battle had to be fought on these lines. The great issue was not merely a riddle or a puzzle to be guessed or to be played with, nor was it to he settled by the clashing play of logical foils in quick thrust and dcxtcroua parry, hut it was a strife iu deadly earnest, in a grapple for life or death. It was perfectly true that some attempts had been made to take into this great contest a position of dignified and impartial neutrality. The position, however was, untenable. Tho great question of tho Divine existence was one to which all others were subordinate. It was this idea which haunted men in their moro Berious thought and which might be heard even iu the midst of their laughter. It made itsel'f heard in the midst of scoff; and blasphemy. 'Lney heard much of the cagcrnes3 of the pursuit of knowledge, but after all the common scDse of mankind ncrcQived that the knowledge of thiugs in their results was, so far as man's nature as a thinker was concerned, only subsi diary to the knowledge ot things in their origin. Aftsr dwelling at some length ou the fact that most of thoso who were regarded as leaders of science, and whose opinions and writings wero most eagerly sought after, owed the greater part of their Tame to the hearing which their opinions had upon the fundamental questious of theology. the want of mankind. Intellectually raau was still feeling after God, if haply he might find him. Hu instinctively perceived that if all other questions wcr< answered and this remained unanswered he re mained in darkness. To some minds the search after truth, while tlie great truth remained in scrutable, seemed but little better than an occupation which beguiled away tho misery of man in his mental prisou house. It was better to sigh for freedom than to wave a straw and call it a sceptre. Better be a discontented and miserable man than a contented aud hnppy mole. Something like this might lie heard in the utterances of those who tried lo cheer them selves with a more hopeful song, but it was as a song sung in a strange land. Its gladness aud its hope came from the past, not from the prcseut, aud the song died away before a true eadeuce was reached, and tho key in which it ended was not thai in which it began. It seemed to come to an "If only " and there it died away. Its course waa like that of a stream which began in Bpriags among tho breezy rrrr-.-n Iiilla rami »1>r>n ln«r. itsi-lf in n. snnrir waste or distnnl marsh. There wero others whose song became an imprecation, whose rage burst forth into blasphemy and scorn. If this be nil, man's life were but a misery ami a mockery and it were hotter for man to say, " Let us curse God and aie." The speaker then elaborately proceeded to show how tho thought of God mado itself constantly apparent. Still, it must not be taken for granted that this J intellectual activity waa indicative of real moral earnestness. There might he intense intellectual curiosity without any corresponding intensity of moral purpose. One of tho great fallacies with which men deceived themselves and others was that intel lectual eagerness waa identical with moral earnestness. A serious inquiry into such things us the obligation of righteousness or the ques tion ot immortulity might bo painful. It might even disturb digestion, und what could justify that? Whilst, therefore, they might rightly claim that the increasing clearness of tha great issue which was involved was a distinct advance in the progress of human thought, he did not wish to exaggerate the importance of tho Atop which had been taken. The 'field oi battle had been to some extent cleared, but in the thoughts of men generally aud in individual souU tho great contest between sin and righteousness remained to bo fought. Aud in this great contour, with faith and hope, they could pray " God speed the right." There was no middle way. Either there was a god or there was not, 'was a dilemma from which there was no real escape. There was uo use trying to preserve a perfect mental equilibrium. Every ago had to invent its own name for this attempt at neutrality, and as an old name be came discredited a new one had to be found. The fashionable name under which many were seeking to find an excuse was agnosticism. The speaker then dealt at leugth with tho two classeu— the "dou'l know" agnostics and tho "don't know and don't care" agnostic?. In tha courso of a .strong argument he argued that agnosticism took the weapons of scepticism for attack and bo had the appoarar.ee of Atreugtb. So long as it kept itself to denials it was strong, but wheu it wont boyoud this it was unstable and weak. -So far as he could see, it must in evitably be merged into a more comprehensive scepticism or perish utterly. If any system of human thought was to be moio than a moro negation, it must have some account to offer of the phenomena of moral life as well as those of the phenomena of material existence. After at length dwelling upon the fallacies of so-called modern thought and the verities of theldiau faith, Mr. Fraser said, 44 To dispel tho cloud which sin raises between the soul and God, merely by solving intellectual difficulties aud answering objections and confuting denials seems to mo to be something liko trying to re- movo darkness by carrying it away in carts. Thero ifi but one real remedy for darkness, and God, who commanded the light to shine into the darkness, has bid us hold forth the word of Jiic." CONFUSION. In conclusion, Mr. Eraser said "Wo can rejoice that in this work we are not alone among men. I have been speaking as u CongrcgAtionnltat among Cougregationalistfl, and according to our use and wont I am to bo held individually and solely responsible for what I have said. There is, howerer, ono point on which 1 think 1 may with absolute confidence spoak in the name ot all. Wo rejoice iu tho work of all who are reeking to glorify the name of Christ ami to extend His kingdom. If there be a Ccngregationalist who thinks that tho grace of God is confined to tho tiarrow limits ui his own denomination, or who hands over Christiana of other names to " mieovonautcd mercies," I have never met him and trust I never may. I look hack with gladness to tho fact that whan I was a boy one of tho first booka of: deep and earnest thought put into my bawds by my father — a congregational minister who Congregationalism mmlo and kept poor — was u book by a Roman Catholic. Another was by a bishop of tho Chnrch of England. I have not yet censed, and never phall cense to feel indebted to Rascal's Thoughts and Butler's Analogy. And i can remember also that when I began to read history for myself and began to form opinions on tho connection between the religious and civil history in Britain and else where I waB often sternly reproved because in the ardour of youth I underrated the excel lencies of men who had, ao I thought, and Btill think, oopoused a bad cause, and who were thmuseires given to bitterness and intolerance and even to persecution. I doi'not regret that I was trained to admire and 'honor1 goodness even when it was alloyed with evil. I rojoico in the progress of the spirit of toleration and in the recognition of the duty of respecting what is now known currently "by the once derided phrase, liberty of conscience. When prelates and princes of a Church whose annals are stained with the records of religious persecution speak of toleration as a mark ot4a ..Qhribtinn Kbuntiyxvo may know that In n Blfchor ecnso >,han tho great "Protect or inteudod uu cannon Have boon lieard at the castle of St. Augt-lo, that a nobler vcugeanco 1ms been executed for slaughtered saints than that prayed for by hia greater secretary, who«o words aro having yet another fulfilment, "Peace hath her victories, . .no less renowned thau war." Trained as must of us liavo been it is not wonderful that wo should take an earnest interest in all that eon- cotns progress in tho recognition of the elemen tary Christian duty of toleration, and of tbo higher virtno of brotherly kindness on the part \- of all who honor Christ. I believo in the Holy Ghost, and, consequently, I believo in the holy catholic Church. If to believe ardently in this article of faith is to ho a high-churchman then I am as high a churchman us auy ; only tbo Church must be holy, and therefore tolerant and catholic, and therefore must not exclude a ainglo member of Christ. Tho Church Uono and spiritually indivisible. Its unity is not made by man, but by tho Spirit of God. Strictly speaking man cannot make it nor un make it. Unity in name is desirable if it expresses a truth and a reality, but a unity in name, without a unity in spirit, would be dearly purchased at the cost of one wrench of a human oody on a rack, or ono wrench of a timau conscience in an unwilling on- Jorced or insincere subscription to a single Article of a creed. We must not in grasp ing at a visionary unity deny the work of tho Spirit of God in that unity which already exists. But while we must maintain our testi mony on this point, since to surrender it wr ild bo not to seek unity but to deny it, wc must Welcome with joy every indication that those who love Christ are striving to understand each Other hotter and to banish envy, malice, hatred ahd uncharitablcncsa. Perhaps one of the pur poses, to be served by the opposition raised from without against Christianity is to bring all who aro Christ's uearer together. When children are dispersed at play the oncomiug of a storm ' makes them seek the shelter of their home, and thoy find themselves nearer to each other. There aro signs, too, that wise anu good and noble-minded men iu different communion, as we call them, in ono coramuniou as God sees them, aro fooling a longiug for a more hearty co-operation with each other, and manifesting a desire to understand and sympathise with each Other. God send more of the same grace to us, and to all His people. God be praised that there is -ao much of it in so many quarters now. Of late years, aa many of you know, there has been found in Jerusalem an ancient inscrip tion, belonging to the times of tho Hebrew monarchy, It tells how two parties of workmen had been tunnelling, working in op posite directions to make a channel through which water might pass into the city. They bad begun tho work at tho two ends, and as tho Inscription records, and as the course of the " tunnel shows, bad been in some danger of missing each other. But, as the inscription tells us, while they were making their way through tho rock there began to be heard tho voice of a man calling to his neighbor, and Boon pick struck against pick, and a way was made, along which the; water could pass. Different parts of the Church of Christ have been working apparently in opposite directions.. But already wc seem to iiear, as it were, tho voices of men calling to their neighbours and Boon perhaps pick will striko against pick. .Then may come to pass in spiritual reality what happened in the earthly Jerusalem and a way be made along which a stream shall flow which . shall make glad tho City of God, the holy place. of the tabernacles of the Most High. 