THE HOUSE OF THE BLACK GABLES. A long,narrow; street, whoso dingy build ings seemed struggling upward from their sombre surroundings, reaching story after story up /toward the clear blue Bky, that looked shut in small compass, so tower ing and dark the high walls on oither aide, weather-beaten and weather-stained as though having faced the storms of a century. At the end of this irregular, narrow street stood, one on oither side, two buildings, ono more stunted, dark, and miserable than the other, as though reaching down instead of upj. and tho one opposite taller and fairer iu appearance than the surrounding habitations, as though saying, " I have climbed highor than you." Across tho way it was dif ferent. The wind moaned dismally round the Black Gables, as tho dark house at the end of the street was called; rattled its weather-eaten window frames, and seemed to call iu warning menace to some imaginary occupants. No other voice spoke to them, for no visitors •rosBed the threshold, and so uncanny was tho roputation borne by tho Black Gables that it was sedulously shunned by alt whose fancies savored of superstition. Strange cries wero heard, especially at sight; a sound as of falling articles, sometimes thrown violently, and at others falling with a dull thud : it might be of a falling body. But enough was seen of the exterior by outsiders. The wooden shutters wero always seeurely closed, excluding all .light of day, and preventing any egress of light from within. Grim, black, and silent, the place seemed, in truth, a fitting abode for tho dark spirits by which it was aaid to be tenanted; and, if the attention of the city authorities was directed to its dark aspect and unsavory reputation, tliey chose, for reasons best known to them selves, to ignore it. Thus a weird, sombro landmark stood tho liouao of the Black Gables. So much for tho exterior of the place ; the intorior might prove less forbidding if the narrow side-door, so obscured that it almost required seeking for, would open inward. At least so I thought, and at the same time determined that I would find out if tho house was empty, and if so, claim the privilego of passing the night there—a night that 1 would devote to investigation of tho mystery there Bhrouded. Haunted ! Bah! Ghosts are harmless things. And the desiro to penetrate into tho mystery increasing ■with contemplation of it, I mounted tho door step and sounded theknoeker, which Bent through the house an echo that came hack to mo unanswered. The habitants, if habitants there are, must bo asleep, I surmised ; and again had recourse to the knocker, but with the same result. Prying about the doorway I discovered a email card, bearing in print tho announce ment :—" This Furnished Property for Sale or to Let. Apply to Ginx and Toby, BIank*street." For sale or to let, I repeated. Humph ! not a very inviting spot fur a home, and being in a literary walk of life, the idea of buying an estate was altogether too much of a fairy tale for contemplation. Yet I was very loth to abandon my notion of spending a few hours in this abode of disembodied spirits ; and, trusting to luck to suggest some satisfactory way of doing so when I should visit Ginx and Toby, I wended my way to their dingy apartments, and made known to them my desiro to learn something about tho house of tho Black Gables. Those gentlemen, after regarding me curiously, exchanged glances ; and then, as if by tacit arrange ment, Mr Ginx addressed himself to my request, while bis partner returned to a desk, whose belongings seemed at war with each other, so dire the confusion. " Hum ! hem ! " said Mr Ginx, lower ing bis steel-bowed spectacles from his forehead to their proper resting place. " flnm! hem! So you want to know something about the house of the Black Gables'! Reporter, eh ! " "Ye3,' 1 answered, "I should be pleased to go over the bouse, and per haps stop a few hours." Tho old gentleman gave me a sharp, quick look, as if to ascertain how much I knew of tbosituation ; and then, without a word, took the labelled key from a book beside him, and handed it to me. Perlinps with a vein of what the. Scotch call " sesond sight" in my nature, I had inherited a lore of the weird and mysteri ous. At all events, it was with a strange feeling of exultation that I made my arrangements for taking possession of tho Black Gables. Having provided myself with a lamp, 1 had kindled a cheery lire in the most inviting room, placed on a atand, within reach, a very templing lunch, my note book, and an entertaining novel, and drawing an old-fashioned easy chair up in front of this glowing lire-place, proceed to make myself comfortable. How long 1 had sat here, after partaking of my evening repast and reading a feu pages in my novel, ; I do not know, but my agreeable reveries were suddenly put to flight by a low, ringing laugh, and 1 saw enter the room a young woman in evening dress, with bare, dimpled arms, a snowy throat, where gleamed a jewelled necklace, and like a golden link on one small white hand thu glimmer of a wed ding-ring. Her dress, of soft white silk and lace, trailed noiselessly over the carpet, and—yes, there was a perfume of orange-blossoms, which fell in graceful profusion over a bridal veil. As 1 looked, the fair bride raised her beautiful eyes to the old- fashioned clock on the wall, and, smiling, said,half aloud ; " Seven o'clock ! surety ne muse no noro soon." J>nt as she spoke the door was flung violently open, and a low-browed Mexican, whoso dark eyes glistened with a treacherous cunning, entered the room, while the bride, pale and trembling, turned from his attempted caress with a light in her eyes such as might herald an approaching storm. "Back, Don! llow dare you trouble me here I" she cried, putting up both hands with a gesture of apprehensive loathing, at which the ruffian, with a half amused laugh, such as one might givo to the defiance of a pretty child, sprang for ward and folded her, in apito of her struggles, closely in his arms. " lie is dead !" he whispered hoarsely, with evil exultation. One cry, fraught with all the agony of love believing itsolf boroft, from the bride ; and then—" Villain, yon lie !" came in thunderous tones from the door way ; and sho was clasped in the arms of her newly-made husband, while the cowardly Mexican, silently vowing a vengeance ho dared not utter, rapidly dis appeared, to avoid being ejected by the lover-husband, wbo briefly told his bride how ho was, in returning to her, at tacked by the villain who had left them, and eho, terrified at the dangor through which he had passed, clung to him closely, with murmured words of loving thankfulness for his restoration to her, and together they disappeared through an archway into the room beyond. They had not seen me ! Strange 1 Tramp ! tramp ! and over the oaken staircase came the heavy tread of men carrying a burden, and again the door was flung open to admit two men bearing between them the dead body ofjtho Mexican who had so recently quitted tho place ; and behind tho death eorlegn entered armed.officers, who demanded, " in the name of tho law," the surrender of tho bridegroom, accused of tho murder of the man whoso body lay before him. Vain|all expostulation and entreaty, which met only the official ■ reiteration, " Tho msn was found at tho street door of tho mansion, dead. He and tho bridegroom were known to have been at enmity," and the officers charged him with murder, and lod him away, followed by tho agonised pleadings of his newly-made wife. The law 1 what terrible wrongs are perpetrated in thy name ! ' The prisoner removed, the officors re turned for the body of the Mexican ; and J, still/unobserved, followed them down tho [Oaken stairs and out to the street, where,'leaning idly against tho opposite door-post/ I beheld a badly clothed atti»an, who, with his bag of tools, had paused a moment for some apparent curiosity. I could not then say what attracted my attention to the man, but being possessed of a feeling that he would speak to me of tho affair I had just witnessed, I took a mental photograph of him, noting that his bag boro, in rather uncouth black letters, the name of Pierre Crezy, 45 Jtu Vert. A noise at hand startled me, and I sprang to my feet ere my eyes were fairly opened. The fire still sont forth its ruddy glow, the lamp burned brightly, and tho remains of my supper were undisturbed upon tho table. Bride, bridegroom, Mexican, and officers all had vanished. I alono was possession. Allhushodin an oppresivo stillness, so great as to bo almost felt ; and tho bells ontsido were slowly striking five. 1 arose, went over to tho window and unfastened tho shuttor, and as I did so a newsboy in the stroet below was crying : " Laurens sentenced. Full account of the trial." lie looked up and, seeing me at the open window, asked if I wanted a paper. Moved by some strange impulso, I nodded, and, going down to tho door, re ceived it from the boy and returned to the room where I had passed the night, seated myself in the same arm-chair, and opened the paper, on the first pago of which I read, in staring black letters : " Laurens Convicted of the Murder of tho Mexican, Gaetano, and Sentenced to Death. Full Particulars of tho Crime." What fearful discovery was about to bo made to mo 1 I shuddered, hesitated, and then road in detail a full description of tho scone I had so vividly witnessed during tho night. What could it all moan ? was this tho ill fated house ? Great God ! no wonder it is haunted—a murder at tho very thresh old ! And the horror of it caused me to thrill with an indoacribablo terror. " Oh, to get away from the accursed spot," I cried, and seizing hat and wrap, I started to leave tho room. Then, as though nndor the control of some unseen agency, 1 caino back and again took up tho paper. " No witnesses of tho deed," it said ; "the prisoner convicted on circumstantial evidence." For a moment 1 was lost in wondering tjuerry. Then, quick as the shock from an electric battery, canio to mo tho n,iii)0 of Picrro Crezy. 47 Ktio Vert. And I exclaimed, with all the energy of conviction tliat Knows no mis take : " Pierre ! Pierre Crezy! Thank God ! lie is the man ! " And once again 1 turned to leavt the room, conscious of but one tiling—the address of tho artisan whoso testimony, 1 now felt confident, would save tho life of an innocent man. A dingy tenement house in tho poor district of the city. " Pierre Crfey, does ho live here?" "Yes; he has a littlo room in tho garret. Has been away on a piece of work in the country for several weeks ; returned last night." " Can I see him ? " " Yes :" and a moment later the artisan of my vision was beforo mo. Eager, breathless, ignoring all unne cessary talk, 1 asked him if ho knew anything of tho Laurens trial, handing hint the paper 1 had just read, which lie took, regarding me suspiciously. Lie was evidently not proficient as a reader, and the time consumed in his porusal of the article seemed to me an eternity. Put as 1 oil'ered to finish tho account for him, my impatienco brooking no further delay, he exclaimed in broken English: "A/on Jjicu! Ho no kill zo Mexican. 1 pass ; 1 seo him in ze door, a knife in bees hand, so. J:Io trip and fall on ze step, zo knife go in lioes side. I run away, or ze ofticere say I, Pierre, Btab him 1 "Coward! And you would lot an innocent man bo put to death by with holding your testimony!" 1 cried in dignantly. " For shame! " This view of tho case had evidently not occurred to the man. He wavered a little, and then finally consented to tell tho Court what ho bad told me, with tho result that M. Laurens was at onco acquitted of the crime for which ho was about to suffer , unjust punishment. 1 The scene iti the courtroom can better bo imagined than described, for no words can paint the joy which thrilled every heart as the judge revoked his former sentenco and pronounced tho man beforo him not guilty, wliilo tho cheers of the assembled spectators were but a faint echo of tho loving joy aud gratitude that thrilled tho heart of the prisoner's loyal little wife. A strange story t Perhaps, and yet as strange arc transpiring all about us, for tho reality is in trutli often far more strange than tho dreams of fiction. And ; L question not that much evil might be avoided did we not so blindly ignore tho whisperings that come to us from a wisdom far beyond us. ' " Aro tliey not all ministering spirits ' is the query of Holy Writ, and when wo learn to distinguish between a mere whimsical superstition and that higher spiritual knowledge that does undoubtedly come to us in times of need, tocloaraway wrong or avert impending evil, wo shall be on a higher plane, in closer com munication with the superior intelligences; and, so connected, able to lessen tlio ovil influences that surround lis. But too many of us eloso up tho avenues to a higher spiritual knowledgo by the very mistaken idea that thoro is no knowledge beyond cur own individual wisdom. Avoid all weak flights of tlio imagination, but lot tho mind always bo open upward. 