ORIGINAL POETRY. CAMPED OUT. Out in the open country, for from where Stranger or comrade would be camped that night, I chano'd to strike a swamp, hard-shored and deep, So "hobbled oat" and set to light a fire. A tiny breeze rustled the reddening bloom Of waving hop-bush, and a snail •' Belar " Shrieked in pretence that this small baby wind Was a great gale that wounded it, although Its many-jointed wire-like leares were stilL The sun, Just set, had oast a ruddy tinge On many fleecy clouds, and they again Threw back their ruddiness upon the swamp Tinting it rosy red ; then grew with night Darker and darker, tilt it all was dark. And by and by, as golden stars peeped out They also mirror*d on the swamp, but blurr'd And dane'd on every little wave the breeze Panned from the windward to the leeward shore. The fire's bright blaze threw shadows through the scrub And ligbten'd up a space which with the flame Flickered and darkened and again grew bright, In mimic play of daylight and of night. Set on the fire, the quart-pot overboiled, Brought all the darkness nearer, and the steam Hiss'd for a second, while a little cloud Of mulga asbee for a moment rose Slaking a tiny fuss; then sank again Or wafted with the breeze. The bush by night, After a Bummer's day of beat and toll, Was cool and fresh. The myriad buzzing flies, That since first gleam of daylight had aonoyed And nearly turned the brain of man and beast, Were now at rest on milliou blades of grass, A waving cradle lultabied by wind. Voices of birds were stilL The tinkling bell Around my horse's neck was tbe sole sound That came to mo across tbe miles of plain. So still, so quiet, and so dark that I Could almost hear the silence, almost touch The darkness. Stretched on the cooling ground I lay reclining, gazing on tbe fire. And as I lay alone, my thoughts flew back 'O'er years, to other lands; and for a space A pang of utter loneliness and ffear Faw'd over me. Qilckly dispelled, for I Was much alone, and (ear I hardly knew; Or just enough of to feel sure that man, That every man has one small craven spot Within his composition, be it Qod, Or man, or ghost, devil, or savage beast, Consclenoe or furled element he dreads. Sudden, a sound like distant moaning sea Rising and falling, reached me from afar. Distant, .yet nearer every moment's space, A mighty wind approaching; I could hear It crashing onwards, tearing o'er tbe plain And shouting victory as it bore down All that opposed it Heralded by dust That led the way—unwillingly may be As beaten armies fly before a foe— Crashing it came, and all the rustling trees Bent down, and rocked, and soreeeb'd as it in fear. And toes'd their heads, and flung their branches out As if to stay the fury of the wind, e dying fire burst into wlnd-fann't The dying fire burst into wlnd-fann'd flame And lost its glowing embers, and its ash Melted in air, and flew on with the dust. And then it passed, this rushing mighty gaio And tore away to wako tbe night ahead. Ttacn deathlike stillness. Till again a breeze, Tender and gentle, spoke to all the trees And pitied and caressed them, and embraced Their wounded limbs, and sang a soothing strain Of nature's harmony. And then it seemed That tiny voices all unheard before Were joining with the breeze in constant song ; Lost in one spot, but instant taken up By otbsr tiny voioes without pause. Only tho " voioes of the night" that sang, Where frog and insect harmonise with breeze And rustling bought^ and whirr of wild fowls' wing. Only " the voices of the night." But sweet. And I, who thought myself alone out there, Usteu'd, and wove a tune in minor key. Then slept, and dreamt the night was full of song. A. R T. It has been decided to hold a grand naval review at Spithead about the 16th of July, In honour ot the visit to England of the Oerman Emperor. There will be no fewer than 109 Sennanta flying on the occasion, and the emonstration Is likely to he one of the I _ most imposing ever held* 