CURRENT NOTES. |TOFE5?0R ALLEN says the Water Supply Iwirtmcnt i*. "' u'iolrpd" wicked"—wicked winkpd in it. its cloth sloth, in hiieglect, is its uncleanliness. He might have JjMthat it is " wicked" for selling water which Ittnible to deliver. The morality of a DepartpUhirh goes on, year after year, exacting rates enter ivliich it does not supply, is not a whit me that of the tradesman who sellB sand for »; nor even is it more respectable than that of Sum who lives on "false pretences." People tolireon Emerald Hill have felt the pinch, as inmost of the residents of South Melbourne, til not a matter of mere emergent pressure—not lost™ of just now, nor of last year, nor the t before; but it is the chronic Btate of the ;• of the Victorian Water Supply Depart That Department has never opened its sitoan adequate conception of its duties and "nihilities. t has often told the Department this home And it has often insisted on the same if to the public, who should be the masters of pHeprtracnt. Now we have the whole thing "itrated by Mons. da Bavay and Professor Not only, it seems, has the Department > giving us short supply, but it is guilty of Pf practices, which have poisoned our water steat mauy a victim on to the "great fitj'." The horrible nature of the case is aa F«it imperfectly understood. There are some IjMniilei of water pipes laid down in and about •wrae. These pipes have some 20,000 fire- °r openings into them from the surface of "«t. Most of these fireplugs lie in the s or close to the gutters, so that the soakage fee spots of concentrated foulness can get M«e water pipes, and mingle with the city's J"apply, whenever the pressure is renewed |Wt«oed in any particular locality. What do ®ena think of this for a practice which has nrcdfor years ? ["trn't say what the citizens may think, nor I' may do. But this we do know—that if storm tflie office in force, and bring [Wividuals responsible to condign punishment, very natural, though not a legal , Tlio idea! The very idea is monstrous, "E. filthy, abominable, detestable, and any "of other similar wordB you may choose to And even when M. Do Bavay and " Allen point out the crime—for it is • 56 Mr. Davidson has no apology, and «ave excuses for delay. What is to hinder |? S f Cr of , Wate r Supply and the chiefs of • 6t | Kl' being indicted for occasioning Kb ii nuisancea • The nightman who spills bis Lj e elr ect is fined or imprisoned. What is I J* aB compared with making openings l^'Mtermain from the street gutters, and j., 5 . secretions to percolate into the |iS» ^ ? would tllat tlic ghosts of all I Mpoisoued in this way might squeak and trough all the rooms of this "wicked" • J®: 1 ' 1 - We thank thee, Professor Allen, ua th a t wurd. You are right. RW J" tlle wor,i - Wicked, foully wicked. L 2 '"nc those things which they ought not ami tll N'T' y I'ave left undone those I'lju™ tl,e y ought to have done, aud there is ,n • the Department, nor very little the best interests of a long-enduring *f6'6lative Council has been going in for E™ 6 recently. Last week it dealt with l^'P Moorhouae used to call " the brutal t ' h « Education Act. It took off thiB I ™ii Mtlliu G will come of it, because the ' quietly put it on again. Nevertheless this attempt at Educational reform is a sign of the speculative unrest of the times. Public opinion is moving, or rather perhaps it is more correct to Bay that it is fcrmeuting. Mr. Service was frank enough to tell the House that he is a Freethinker—cot one of those who love to rabidly abuse other men's thoughts, but who give and claim the completest tolerance. Since that the same House has raised the "privilege" question against the Assembly. The Lower House has put foreign matter into a money bill. And the Council won't have it. It doesn't much object to the matter, but it is "matter in the wrong place," as Lord Palmerston defiued dirt to be. Any way, there are signs that the Council has "go" in it, and is as ready to take up big questions as ever, and as vigilant to defend its own rights against encroachment. THERE are mysterious hints about of a mighty case of junketing to be carried out at the public expense of this colony. The New Zealand Exhibition is to open next month, and a general invitation from the Victorian Government is an understanding amongst the members of Parliament. This is one of the secrets of why the flousc is rushing through its business to a close. The Government is to put its own steamer at the disposal of Parliament, and the expenses of the trip are to appear on the next public account. 'J hese things are done ill a peculiar manner. Hon. members accept the invitation as a Ministerial coniplimcnt, and they will be able to look surprised by-and-bye when they find the Government is charging the cost to the country instead of to their own puraes. So the world wags on. Aud they are all honourable men. BCT it is funny, though, is it not ? A respectable, steady-going Coalition Government to do these things. Members wink and laugh and look knowing about it; but many of them have not virtue enough to refuse the bait and the bribe, if it be a bait or a bribe. Of course the Government will indignantly deny that it is either one or the other. They are snugly going to take the Leg. en bloc on a holiday trip for mutual enlightenment—pro bono publico. Hut that is just the thing in dispute. We altogether deny that public moneys should be speut in carrying members of Parliament about the continent in holiday times. Such a thing, if projected by some Governments, would be denounced as a public fraud ; and it cannot be altered in its character whoever does it. It is'true, of course, with politicians, as with ordinary men, that one may steal a sheep, while another may not look over a hedge; but in this case of the proposed New Zealand junket, we shall hope to see the public keep its eyes open and its faculties awake. " BEVAN ON BENZON" is not a bad subject for a sermon, andthat is what the Collins-street Cougregationalists enjoyed on Sunday night. Bevan on Benzon 1 It was the man of masculine intellect denouncing the folly of the moBl witless fool. Benzon, the Jubilee Plunger, lost £255,000 in two years. He might have lost a million if he had had it. Aud there would have been very little catastrophe in the act. It matters little what happens in tile way of money loss to lads of the Benzon class. They arc uninteresting weaklings, nothing more. THE Gillies Government carried the first item of its " Bonus " policy by a narrow vote of three. The next two items of £32,000 for encouraging wine growing were struck out by the teetotal vote. Its opponents call it a " bogus " policy. It isn't quite that. But a system which devotes £250,000 towards stimulating certain branches of industry by means of money prizes is certainly a new departure in Victoria, It is abhorrent to the apostles of Protection, or rather to those who claim to be the true exponents of Protection. But this must be admitted, that it is an ultra-Protectionist House which has carried this " bonus " policy ; and even though it was by a small majority, still it has carried it. The fact is that the House is governed from day to day by pure expediency, without so much as one poor scrap of principle to dignify it. We have Freetraders voting for higher protectionist duties, and we have a Government declaring for a federal policy, and then abandoning all its professions on the tariff. We have seen a Chief Secretary talking about "the parting of the ways," when he was going to choose Federation before intercolonial duties ; and then letting all his professions go, as if he was a perfect stranger to himself. However, this is the natural result of Coalition, so wc must not grumble. COALITION has its advantages, certainly. In mixing up all kinds of politicians into one medley, it prevents a good deal of party rancour grow'ng to a head. Men cast their votes any way, just according to their real opinions, because they are not under the imperious dictation of party rule. This is something. But it is counterbalanced very much indeed. Men now follow the Government because they are a particular set of men, and not from any shadow of principle, because the Government represents absolutely no principle except that of Expediency. This, of course, makes politics a very small, mean game; it takes away itB dignity, its more noble qualities. It lowers the tone of public thought, and causes popular controversies to turn on the difference between tweedledum and tweedledee. Wherever this takes place it is bad for the community. MEN must differ. They must fight. They must argue. If there ar? no large questions at stake, then they will take Bmall ones. If they cannot engage in high controversy, they will in a low wrargle. In the absence of a great territorial question, or the adjustment of the incidence of taxation, or a grapple with the problems of wealth and poverty, or some subject on such a level as these, the Parliament settles itself down.io-debates whether it shall sell or keep the Kew reserves. It has decided in this, as in all other things, to let the Government have its woy. It has no volition of ts own. The majority do not think, except about tneir parish pumps and their local pound yards. Ihcy vote the Government ticket, openiug their mouthB and shutting their eyes and saying, " It must be all right." Ihey are a honest lot of fellows generally, and are not to be blamed because Mature has denied them braids. THERE is ptobably not more than one man in all the Assembly who has mastered the railway accounts, and who sees through the thin mesh of sophistries with which the Commissioners conceal their policy of drift." That man is Mr. Laurens. But Mr. Laurens, though persistent, is not aggressive. He is a better reasoner than he is a fiehter, and he is put off from week to week in what he wants to say, because the Government knows how to manoeuvre away disagreeable revelations, and because the House has not industry enough and capacity to desire to really understand the questions it is paid to deal with. Mr. Laurens could tell a very important tale if he got a chance, and if the House would listen. But there are two " ifs " in that sentence, and it is odds against him that the session will close, and still leave the Assembly in ignorance of railway mismanagement. THE boys who spent three days at Langwarrin learning soldiering have, at least, experienced one concomitant of living in an enemy's country. They know what it is to sleep under canvas in a swamp, with frowning heavens above and a sloppy earth beneath. And it must be said that the lads took their discomforts in excellent part. They were very juvenile philosophers. They paddled about in the miniature rivers, and made merry in wet jackets and drenched shirts. There was little or no moping. Youth finds a magic in every chauge, and enjoyment everywhere, so long as food is plenty and freedom ruuod about; and even Jupiter's waterspout over Langwarrin, while it soaked everything else, could not damp the ardour altogether of the little soldiers who are promising to be by-and-bye the defenders of the Sunny South. Bless the boys ! say we. As their brawn grows more, may their spirits never grow less. THE Assembly has placed the Council in a decided difficulty. The Council has got to paBs a new Tariff Bill, and it is quite willing to pass it without any bother. But the Assembly has put into it a couple of machinery clauses of a decidedly objectionable character. They have made the Commissioner of Customs a Bort of autocrat in it. They have given him the right to judge about new articles becoming dutiable, and actually conferred upon him the right—which Parliament alone should exercise—of imposing new taxation. The Council very decidedly say they will not have this. But the bother comes in here. They are not permitted to alter a money bill. And the Customs Bill is a money bill. They may reject a money bill, but not alter it. Now, the Council don't want to reject the Customs' Bill. They want to strike out this autocratic power from the functions of the Commissioners of Customs. And how are they to do it? Mr. Service asks them to boldly amend the clause, on the ground that it is not a money clause, but a policy clause. Some members are afraid. But the Council on the whole is pretty competent to watch over its own privileges and dignity. MB. DEAKIN most certainly made a vigorous appeal on Tuesday for the new Health Bill, and he sho*ed that if the Parliament should rise without having dealt with that measure it will have the responsibility on it for many deaths from dirtiness. We are growing bigger and bigger as a city with a rapidity that is unequalled south of the Equator, but Australia can never boast of its cleanliness. City and country alike are essentially dirty. Our water sources are not kept free of drainage, our streets are badly channelled, our houses built on the damp, and our refuse left to decay under our noses, not to Bpeak here of the contamination of the water mains. The new Bill is to alter all this. It will wake up the insanitary sluggards, and make the boards of health do their duty or take the consequence. THE Syd'ucy J/oi ning Herald, says:—" The occupation of a journalist takes him out at all hours of the day and night." Of course, everybody believes this—everybody but journalists' wives. A SYDNEY paper contains the following:— "Why will you take no notice of my letters? Paid." The letters were I.O.U., we suppose. Scarcely anybody over the age of reason takes any notice of these nowadays. A WRITER in an English periodical says that:— "There is more vice to the square inch in Melbourne than in any other city in the world." It depends upon where you look for your square inches we fancy. The writer has probably gone to look for his in company with Mr. Henry Val ley. MORE glory for the Australian Natives. A Chiltern paper contains the following hilarious announcement:—" BIRTH. — Carkeek — On the 25th September, at her mother's residence, Chiltern, the wife of Mr. William Carkeek, of Beriugaura, of a son (the fifth generation of an Australian native)." POOR John Sutherland, after two generations of labour in the political scrvice of New South Wales, has left his ai;ed widow without funds. An effort is now being made in Sydney and the colony generally to make up some money for her. "Honest John" was over seventy years of age when he died, and, although by no means brilliant as a politician, he was a good, steady common-sense administrator, and was several times Minister of the Crown. The fact that he died thus poor should be a tribute to his memory as a public mau, although it is sadly unfortunate for his widow. In days of Bcandal and of actual swindles like the present it is something to be able to point to one man who did not avail himself of his vast opportunities to aggrandise his private fortune at the public expense. Sutherland neither lived expensively nor indulged in any wheat speculation, so that his poverty was solely due to the unremuner&tive; character of his publio services, 