Selected Poetry ©»N. THE MORNING OF CHRIST'S NATIVITY. (John Milton.), i. This is the month, and this the happy morn, Wherein the Soa of Heaven's Eternal King, Of wedded maid, and virgin mother born, Our great redemption from above did bring ; For so the holy sages once did sing, That he onr deadly forfeit should release, And. with His Father work us a perpetual peace. ii. That glorious form- that light unsufferable, And that far-beaming blaze of Majesty, Wherewith he wont at Heaven's high- council- table To sit the midst of Trinal Unity, He laid aside ; and here with us to be, Forsook the courts of everlasting day, And choose with us a darksome house of mortal elay; nr. Sav heavenly muse, shall not thy sacred vein Afford a present to the infant God ; Hast thou no verse, no hymn, or solemn strain, To welcome Him to this His new abode, Now while the heaven, by the sun's team untrod, Hath took no print of the approaching light, Aud all the spangled host keep watch in squad rons bright ? iv. Seer how from far upon the eastern ro-d Tire star-led wizards haste with odours sweet, Oh, run. prevent thein with thy humble ode, And lav it lowlv at his blessed feet ; Have thou the honour first thy Lord to greet, And join thy voice unto the angel choir, From out his secret altar touch'd with hallow'd fire. THE HYMN. Xl> W«lo ullo WLlluCl While the Heaven-born child All meanly wrapt in the rude manger, Nature in awe to him Had dofFd her gaudy trim, With her great Master so to sympathise r. It was no season then for her To wanton with the sun, her lnsty paramour. Only with speeches fair She woos the gentle air To hide her guilty front with innocent snow, And on her naked shame, Pollute with sinful blame, The saintly veil of maiden white to throw; Confounded; that her Maker's eyes Should look-so near upon her foul deformities. But be, her fears to cease, Sent down the meek-eyed Peace ; She, crown'd with olives green, came softly sliding Down through the turning sphere, His ready harbinger, With turtle wing the amorous clouds dividing ; And, waving wide her myrtle wand ; She strikes a universal peace through sea and" land. Nor war, or battle's sound Was heard the world around The idle spear and shield were high up hung, The hookdd chariot stood Uustain'd with hostile blood; The trumpet spake not to the armed throng, And kings sat still with awful eye. As if they surely knew their sovereign Lord was by- But peaceful was the night, Whereiu the Prince of Light His reign of peace upon the earth begau : The winds, with wonder whist, Smoothly the waters kiss'd, Whispering new joys to the mild ocean, Who now hath quite forgot to rave, While birds of calm sit-brooding on the charmed wave. The stars, with deep -amaze, Stand fix'd in steadfast gaze, Bending one way their precious influence, And will not take their flight, For all the morning light, Or Lucifer that often warn'd them thence ; But in their glimmering orbs did glow, Until their Lord himself bespake and bid them feo- And though the shady gloom Had given day her room, The sun himself withheld his wonted' speed, Aud hid his head for shame, As his inferior flame The new enlighten'd world no more should need ; He saw a greater sun appear Than his bright throne, or burning axletre'e, could bear. The shepherds on the lawn, Or e'er the point of dawn, Sat simply chatting in a rustic row ; Full little thought they then, That the mighty Pan Was kindly come to live with them below ; Perhaps their loves, or else their sheep, Was all that did their silly thoughts so busy keep. When such music sweet Their hearts and ears did greet, As never was by mortal finger Blrook, Divinely — warbled voice Answering the stringed noise, As all their souls ia blissful rapture took : The air, such pleasure loth to lose, With thousand echoes still prolongs each heavenly close. Nature, that heard1 such sound, Beneath the hollow round Of Cynthia's seat, the airy region thrilling, Now was almost won To think her part was done, And that her reiga had here its last fulfilling ; She knew such harmony atone Could hold all heaven and - earth in happier union. At last surrounds their sight A globe of circular light, That with long beaui3 the shamefaced night array'd ; The helmed cherubim, And sword<Sd seraphim Are seen in glittering ranks with wings dis- play'd Harping in loud and solemn choir, With inexpressive notes, to Heaven's new-born Heir. Such music (as 'tis said) Before was never made, But when of old the sons of morning sung, While the Creator great Hi.; constellations set, And the well-balanced world on hinges hung, And cast the dark foundations deep, Aud bid the weltering waves their oozy channel keep. Ring out, j e crystal spheres, Once bless our human ears, If ye have power t-o touch our senses so ; And let your silver chime Move in melodious time, And let the bass of heaven's deep organ blow ; And, with your niuefold harmony, Make up full concert to the angelic symphony. Fpr, if such holy song Enwrap our fancy long, Time will run back, and fetch the age of gold, And speckled vanity Will sicken soon and die, And leprous sin will melt from earthly mould Aud hell itself will pass away, And leave her dolorous mansions to the peering day. Yea, truth and justice then Will down return to men, Orb'd in a rainbow ; aud like glories wearing,.-. Mercy will sit between, Tiiyoned in celestial.she.en, With radiaut feet the tissued clouds down steering ; And heaven, as at some- festival, Will open wide the gates of her high palace hall. But wisest fate says no, This must not yet be so, The babe yet lies in- smiling infancy, That on the bitter cross Must redeem our loss ; So both himself and us to glorify Yet first, to those enchain'd in sleep, The wakeful trump of doom must thunder through the deep, With such a horrid clang As on Mount Sinai rang, While the red fire aud smouldering clouds out brake The aged earth aghast, With terror of that blast, Shall from the surface to the centre shake ; When, at the world's last session, The dreadful Judge in middle air shall spread his throne. And then at last our bliss Full aiul perfect is, But now begins ; for from this happy day, The old Dragon, under grouud In straiter limits bound, Not half so far casts his usurped sway, And, wroth to see his kingdom fail, Swinge3 the &ealy; horror of his folded, tail. The oracles are dumb, No voice or hideous hum. Rims through the arche-l roof in words deceiving Apollo from his shrine -Can no more divine, With hollow shriek the steep of Delplms leaving. No nightly trance, or breathed spell, Inspires the pale-eyed priest from the prophetic cell. The lonely mountains o'er, Ami fUn mammili ncr slinrfi. A voice of weeping heard and loud lament ; From huanted spring, and dale Edged with poplar pale, The parting genius is with sighing sent ;-. With flower- inwoven tresses torn, The nymphs in twilight shade of tangled thickets mourn. In consecrated earth, And ou the holy hearth, The Lars, and Lemures moan with midnight plaint ; In urns and altars round, A drear and dying sound Affrights the Flamens as th'eir service quaint ; And the chill marble seems to sweat, While each peculiar power forgoes his wonted seat. Peor and BaSliui Forsake their temples dim, With that twice-batter'd god of Palestine ; And mooutSd Ashtaroth, Heaven's queen and mother both, Now sits not girt with taper's holy shine p The Lybic Hainmon shrinks his horn, In vain the Syrian maids their wouuded Tham- mury mourn. And sullen Moloch fled, Hath left in shadows dread His burning idol all of blackest hue, Iii vain with cymbals' ring, They call the grisly king, In dismal dance about the furnace blue : The brutish gods of Nile as fast, Isis, and Orus, and the dog Auubis, haste. Nor is Osiris seen In. Memphian grove or green, Trampling the rnshower'd grass with lowings lou-d : Nor cau he be at rest "Within his sacred chest, Nought but profoundest hell can be his shroud ; Tn vain with timbrell'd anthems dark The sable-stoled soicerers bear his worshipp'd ark. He feels from Juda's land The dreaded iufaut's hand The rays of Bethlehem blind his dusky eyn ; Nor all the gods beside, Longei dare abide, Not Typhon huge ending in snaky twine ; Our Babe to show his Godhead true, Can in his swaddling bands control the damndd crew. So when the sun in bed, Curtain'd with cloudy red, Pillows his chin upon an orient wave The flocking shadows pale Troop to the infernal jail, Each fetter'd ghost slips to his several grave ; And the yellow-skirted- fays Fly after the night-steeds, leaving their moon- loved maze. But see the Yirnin blest Hath laid her Babe to rest, Time i3, our tedious song should here have end ing Heaven's youngest-teemed star . Have fix'd her polish'd car, Her. sleeping Lord with. handmaid lamp attend- ing And all about the courtly stable Bright-harness'd angels sit in order servicable.: 