\- V i aOH(MI«ir« NOTI» ' I "Xltbere !aaay'taallt0 Dfij round with (be political orgtntetfon.ollfce.fftttneri who ere ieekiostotoai««ifcioflreaMd.8cock T»z end , other aA«)uiU(ei) It te tbeA they are too Rftiieroun. vTbie & sully to be icen by tlitf' fact that they 'tefcto, at their anneal : convention, tildTth« other evening, that a ntctioa provtdiair that they should abandon their rapport to. .tie Trade Hall tariff pro- ptftmU.be wltbdrarffc'-'The withdrawal ol tbU motibn.of eouree meana that the lamer will ' do&tinoe; to support the Trades Hall demandi. \- 1'rom the remarks made at the convention it is dear that' it 'IBs® items are ' carried in Parliament, tbafanwrs will be movt seriously incommoded Pox. instance, the duty ot 35 perceat».saksd en reaper and binder- twine wilt be a tax ob every man's crop. Never . ibelcae, theM'atauneh Freetraders, now turned Pnrteetlveforeakeof oonaistency take tho risk df pooUWnj Ihemaelres. This action ehowent dnoe that they are only beginner in >olitics JMn the best pablicista are not expected to be . ajcpiitcat tj the bitter end The Association ' ptmfij 'have been quito consistent enough, . ibply Protective, and kinder to tbemn-lvca ghd' the' community bad they considered Ke proposal of the ''Trades. Ilall tariff ' mciptis, agreeing to1 rapport all those which 'Mcbcaascadahtr, but decisively refusing to sustain snt&iog; whichwould iniuro them . dvet. Wist do the Trade Hall people do? , As a ntnrn for the farmers unquestioning sup- pfch do they in a like spirit adoptali that the tkfmkrs propose to them? Emphatl-oolly, No! 'Tm Trsoso Ball people follow Protection only 'an Ira as It will benefit them. If the farmers vtramdotbe same, and had questioned somo 1 their proposals, It might bare resulted in gabasdooment of the most extrumu ones, . mads the. work -of Parliament infinitely febtes. :Tbe Trades. Hall authorities would -Huarrafled with -tbn farmers ' 'Ibe bibf a Utile angular, because, mighty as Alhi Ibry could not afford to losu the . ,iiRmVyofc in tha, House fur any light / .'.rapMsm i AeHght difference between tho two . %Mtfe|aifbt have ended in a satisfactory com afmnlselWng effeoud and a firm coalition of .. -)sfMNaftattOD,beforewhichtiootherp»rtycoulcl aUnd,':Aft is, the Chairman of the Parniem' Asmtietion .explains that no such "unholy ilUMer-rl don't know why it should bo uu 'ftsesista The inferencn la, therefore, tht wbiMtbs fartnera undertake to support the Tliatits.'HalJ the latter, at their subsequent \- 'iWgnrc, may quietly overthrow the far- . t <Si Wf Stationer's shop hat now become a pin ' toUfcst Where ' the business conducted is buiyoa wlU hear the price of pigs quoted haifa down times every hour. It is "1'tg in that the public oak tor, that being the . wsosot a popular puzzle. i Tbera ia a pianut going about Melbourne ffe)bgat M cheap suburban hops.'' who per twos 'a rather singular feat. lie will first mtrait.to have,. his eyek bandagod, and then -raOtagfoar persona to hold a tbiok sheet over . tht fcsjrboard' of the piano, proceed to piny gpso.lbe instrument, with unerring iingerr, I Bsw'seea Mm .thus execute most elaborate hotaduaod dance musio, , On 'fhe question of naming places aud hnUdhrgvin Victoria according to Australian cky'Angto- Colonial tradition, - M Yarocga" miss to express pleasure that Burke and / W1 bChsmbers in Collins a treat wrrn christen i<d Ih memorial of the discoverers, whose statin- < fitoud si the Russell street intersection. The Idsa is good, no doubt, and ought to bo fob \- towed. But in this instance, the style, "Burke itkl mil Chamber,'' to rather cumbrous, \- md perhaps, at the itatuo still commemorate those worthies on another site, it would hnvu been better to have called the promises M-mti- qpni Chambers. 'There was a mistake in the catalogue at the Tational Agricultural Show in the particular SB to the' horse stock. A very fine horse fiatned Welletley, belonging to Mir William ' Clarke,- wlihh won a good prize, was described as a thr no year-old. Being spoil a' prominent exhibit, all tho liorsoy en ovaaected with the newspapers examined Mai-very carefully. Strange to My, however, duly one of the whole coitrie pronounced that 4bb beast ' wot much mora than ho . . ins represented. Tho rest agreed that lie was 8 fine animal for his age." It turns out Ifaat "Tjfellelley," instead of being three years tld. ls thirteen. Going homo In a cab tho other night tho Stiver 'vbrcamo confidential. "There's tint ' math to be, done in our Uno now," says he ' ','Tb trains have taken alt the principal roads. ; ' ; Ws make "tnoaty of our hauls at night, but theyVe irregular. Sometimes I havo stayed out uaiU fi in tho morning and never made penny, On other occasions, I have done rally weB. But the money never sticks. It Would pay me beteertotakoa billet even at Wrty shUllngaa week, Chan to make a good 'y ' 4nl more at eabbing. Thero ore so niaoy . ) ItrtMoins to spend whilst you're waiting on ij rat Stand, The hotels get a good deal of ono's jraiuhaga, and a lot more goes in gambling with nnsh mates. Noons let a cabman run into debt, m our wives and fatailica'bavo either to , exist oh the residue of our money or earn more a their own account. You say you havo 'laird thai cab proprietors, as- distinct from , drives mske , lot of money. They may , ' 'MtikiVa Uving, but I novrr heard of ' boa Who was able to retire. They have ! fcla advantage over uv, that they can get, per- t ' Iran: little 'tick.' For Instance, a man I 'Who. owns six or seven horses may got a | Amah's feed in, without being dunnud fur the MMDey immediately, and that mean » matter ' .raff rabwtxh IAO. The fact that het not pressed to | . thsre and tbea veryoften enables him to . ifet.evcr a dull Ume. Wo, fellows who rent L : -ran sod horses, are often very hard pushed. I; lAl going home benight, governor, to my I. ddsms sad the.' kids1 wltn only a bob or two. L Vs owe two weeks' ' rent, and tho house agent A ">SS posted a big blue notico on tho front door, ft. M0hsayi that if We'don't clear out tu three I \ sdsy»heH have the law on us." I; ' vTm\afraid my cabman .wo a hadsimpln. If . tjfraij'tid to bold the'idea that a man might L: jtobsglvm crodll in- every clirnction, but ho I' , 'ftffet i ought to pay. titill, he also esid | rarah mors, from which I glean that l:.' <U opprewdon described In Little Borritt, I/- Asiarideotaltir the experiences <»( the mbabi Bleeding Heart Yard, in London, un I asat day, Is not unknown m tome of the l<: tteOfer Halbourne suburbs. ' Types of tho rYsosrsbls Caoby," in the shape of beue I v 4talsra looking, mild mannered, tut, KfhilHlbs stern ,snd hardhearted laiidlords, fr\:'lsrs'.. ixist, who, through tlieir ascuts, \i A|BuiB4: Ibrir atnot dues and mete out uo K.fraf? hi Iraki ess tenants who are usable tu K fisyup promptly. Zfa man la known to bo tcMT: aod . hi# livelihood precarious, ho mini I ' unto - Craw" .bis tribute the vVM>ik.b leAaUy.: chargeable, or go. this. - severity is traceable, B-'radoubVtoths well-founded conviction that vraitnoshi' many ossra Is thrown away. HUH vflsrara igifurion of tbe "nilik of human kind- H' ;ira|iUtioewould moot rail itquiremeut, H .rai'baks.'the Uvm of . many impoverisbud I V" '' mors endurable. Tho inrana I defaaltsrs art turned oct I ' bome are often positively illegal I Instance, the caio of our cabman. -.iiBa.raaras hi payments for two weeks, aiul H rarajRis sprinted warning upon blue papor t%xvMv»' withm thrais days, -or suffer certain . -WtoalpeeaUU, tho mora . terrible to him WAT-thfy are' vague.1. It is sur- eqttg.. vwhal . numbers of people there H:r tAhq iriUgive up all rights aubmusivriy .In.'ths faoa of anything like au ofiloisl H': dooittusnk .. - Thau . bogv - > fu"iu H -'rairai'sbout.'TIelboarne in shoals, ' ; And-tkra goefc upon the igooraot liko magic. tkogki, ' alas I is givUn by those who issue oara rato uhitlktr the' receivers have (ckai-si 'ratArigbousie., "Toko up iby bed and walk," H « t«ttramkul waa to be derived from Braraingtothe cominesjU of the farmers at H |lra;AtrlsuUursi' Show ;on. tho GovcruindAt . taodboous irropoaala. -It would do tut MMbus of toa Cabinet good to bn-amoiigst M bm.> Tbs.ormdamoaUon of their ioltcy H .Thloh thsmemUr for South Ysrra uttured in ibs' Hduis 1 fan" Thursday >' night ' wm <.waira,srai IflhillVbtdauao It Is known that lit -hsb 'a;;Khevrtidc'' of-' the irabjeot ; but' the toowiii asfotsly contemptuous.' ''Tsllt lUicnt a ranw for plantihg' blaek ' berries T .lira one; ''I'm (et a lot on my, land, and have '.Iwd tobqyajMrubtitonaiuator tb-get'rtd ui .(Akmrf '..--i v.T1isttw barariwtfeh the1 Victorian A1I1 awe uefurledj wtth-ptal pomp, in the Towr ; JKiU'ton MoMtyJavsnlog1 lari.'tepriseaUT fraivi looking yoony woman with sr- babj h I upon ber left arm. engaged in Lvocoon'a ocu pation of wrestling with a. largo. green boa constrictor. Of course the allegory is intended to. represent Tempcraoce atrapgllag Driuk, and the lady -has the snake by the throat to -convey that idea. Nevertheless, it ia apparent ,to cveryono that tho reptiin tnuitbc agoxi deal mora " green " than be ia painted if he allows himself to be thus asphyxiated. He has by far . tho . best of the . situation, lie . is .top-sawyer.. A., tho serpn'nt of old beguiled Eve. ho bids fair to repeat that operation. Does be not trifle with the lady's waist, gaio Into her eye liko a favored lover, and stoile expansively upon her? Aoyone can tee at a'glaoce that if persuasion will not do, ho is strong enough to crush her. Should the banner faithfully depict tho attitude of Tetn peranco and Drink to one another, I sincerely pity Temperance. If I haven't already said enough abouts hav ing, tho piquant information, which is h<-re offerrd may prove entertaining. The project is a foot ot starring a Urge hairdreisiug and shaving establishment in the city, at which , the curators shall bo oil young women. . A great dual of money might bo. made in this manner, and quite respectably under jiropor management. I op proband it will he imperative that ere Impulsive men submit ic the delightful ojn-ration of having their moustache curled at the hands of dainty maidens bcauiiug with becoming blushes, tljry will have their arms pinioned end. their necks fixed in au iron collar, attached to tliu chair back. In Lower George Htreet, Sydney, until recently, them won a barber's shop where women did all the work, so thcru is n precedent for this kind of tiling. But, in tho namo of thn proprietors, we may congratulate ourselves that tho precedent of Lower George street, Sydney, arc hero not generally followed. It is matter of satisfaction to note that the City Council has had the unsightly fence around the Gordon ntatuo in Spring street re moved. Workmen are now engaged iu erect ing a ; tastefol ironwork barritr in its placo, which will ho a great improvement. Before tho contemplated cmu»lhshm«nts aro . concluded it i very desirable that n p'ili»hfd granite slab bearing an orna mental inscription should bo inserted in the place of tho ugly looking dedication tablet which now exist. N'oc only is the lettering illegible at n short distance, but there is a con plcuous join in thu masonry running ver tically tiiTon&h; it. Acerfain member of the Legislative Conncil has hit upon the expedient of fitting up the hull of a large nhip which iM'long to hiiu a a well appointed himsr, containing even such luxuries as a Inllroum am) skating rink. 'Die vessel is moored iu the Hay, within easy aecras ofl'nrtMelboarnnorWilHainstuwu.nndthidion. gentleman pinnies himself that ho ri not only ablu to shift hi quarters by the simple plan uf hiring n steam tug, but hoescap' thu taxes, begging petition, sewing rnnchiiio agents, Chinese pedlar, and other dtsngrucablo inci dent of jifnon short1. Whilst everyone can feel mmracd at this idea of living in a place like the proposed German commercial exhibi tion, when thn Avoidance ot taxes coiimn to be considuro'l, our langliler has an echo which is grim. Australia, ill common with Ireland, lias to complain a groat deal about tho evils of ah scnteu landlordism, aud whether (Junius goes to 'England or merely to tho bay to escape thn obligation of citixeiiHhip, iim principle is thu s.ariiv. In Great Britain it ho bt-comn very fashionable to live for souio moiitbn upon thu rivers hi what urn called "home- beat." A vigilant Government does not allow the inhabitant uf thesis arki tn ignore their rcMponnihililir to tho revenue. On tho contrary, they tiavn to pay a heavy Herman fee. Very likely, if this habit of living is followed to nuy extent in Victorlun water, our Goveirum-iit will also send around thu hat. Klro brigades who want practice in rapidity of " turning out," and tall-ringers who desiro to ring the chimes iu unison, could learn a great deal by attondiug at "knock off "limn on a large contract. At a certain placo which I havo' visited, wheru them srn about twonty stonemasons, thoy could hear the busy clink-clink of tlm chlseln going uninterruptedly on until thn clock hand point to 5 p.m. Then may be seen an oviduuuo «f that wondurful unanimity which characterises tho action of all trades unionist. A gong Rounds and the workers stop as too man, Thn dirciplino is marvellous. Wcru they all struck by lightning operation could not bu moro quickly sua j>endffd. The first stroko of tho bell nilencr everything. If a hammer is raised to strike a blow, it ia suspended In mid-air, and thu Imhd which holds it drops ucrveica ; to nicely is thn tributn of latwr duo to capital adjusted. Thrro is no aentunent about thu matter at all, no poetical interest which would delay a man for fivn nctxmd.i to out mi ovuu a finishing touch. Thu utlu-r day the gong, sounded oa one uf ihn hands held a heavy stone over Ids head sus pended in mid-air. Hu was in thu act of hauling It up by a rope, lli-oring thu signal a strong impulse scta-d him tuletgo. But it was apparent thut if lie did so the atonu would fall aud cruili hini. Thodcipsir and anuoynnco which was expressed upon that workman' lace was harrowing. I'erforcishn was obliged to complnto his hauling, and when at leogth fiu had finished hi task it must have been at' leant three whulu miuutcs past thu hour, lie left tho yard looking as though he would liku to kickc himself. I expect hu charged Tho man who attend upon thu lapcrs at tho quarantine ground, I'oint Ncpcau, has applied to the Goveriitnont for an incrcaso of salary, aud justifies tiiu application by tho argument that whnu ho was first employed Uo only had charge of two lepers, but tdaco then two others liava been committed tu his care. Hi duties aro to clean out the abodes at tho lej-r; to cut wo<x! and draw water for them, and to attend to tnrir garden. For this hn has hitherto been jwid only J5s per week. . As the Guvernumut con sider ho is etirap at thn money it lias been deter mined that bis wngtts shall bo inurensed tn30. Tho wards of this officer am a quartette of |K»r suffering beings, who aro dying uf a borriblo looking dry rot, winch canst- their limbs to drop off ph-cu meal. All of them aru Chines! anil, with thu exception f ltd Euro pean guardian no mm cln over cuU.rs tho premise but a Mongolian cook, who is employed there, aud who washes ami dresses a leprous brother whose decay is too far advanced to allow film to perform those functions for hlmnlf. Fancy running tho risk nf catching their incurable malady, aud moving amidst such sights as their donmUiu life must reveal fur 30 a week, Thu cxmnplu of tho late Father Damicn,- who sacrificed Ids life by ministering to tho lepers on tlm l'acitio Island uf Molokai is froth in our muinury, aud. one cannot help but view with apprehension the pusiblo (ate of others who iuln-pidly follow in ihn same path.. It i ald that Father Damicn conirac ted the discaso through partaking of food which had bcon proportilby lojuuv, and it is inferred that leprosy is not infectious, if you abstain fruin tlmt.iadiscrutiou. Perhaps tho immu nity which thu caretaker at Ncpean has bithortn eujoyed ia duu to tho foot that ho is careful what iin eats. . A Mr John Kraut, uf Sydnoy, hasdiaoovered what be thinks is a sovereign remedy for diphtheria aud othi-r throat affections of a i similar oaturo. You put a halt tcaspoonful of cayrnoo pepper in a glass of water, add i ns much burnt alutn as will cover a sixpence, ' stir up, and . usn as a gargle. The 1 alluged effect ia that you mako It that Ittcon i vcnifrilly hotfuriho diw-ase germs in your gullet that they incontiuently give up the ghost aud tlm malady disappears, .Mr Evans says ' that tho discovery of this panacea camn i to hiia , as an luiplrathm. Ho tried 1 it bit a pot cockatoo that was afflicted with the munq. The next day tho i bird rccoveriul, Moy be, however, that had he i left tho cockatoo atone thu result would have . taouthnsAmc, Must mumbcr of Hut Inferior i creaUuukpuwvflrywellliuwttidoctortbeniselves. \- Thn iguana, if bitteu by a snake, chews the ' leaves of a curtain plant and defies Ids silver- I sary. 'Out are known habitually to est grass i fur llui behetlt of their digestion, and tho com i tiiun houifl sparrow, when truublud with con- i stii»iion, perches himself on a telegraph wire r during ths transit of a message." ' ' ' Thtt pari tlx uneven woek have witnesisd i an extraordinary number of dratha of Arsons f conneotBil wjtb the turf, and intimately suo- -. ioUtod with each oilier,', -Mr' 8am Martin, the 'well-known .raoehurw owner, -died. on the Hth I July;. Afterward his diorses wore sold, and i bhuliif themi: Fippo,';ra; bought by Mr Jos r Morrison for tM guim-ai. Mr'ilnrrlsou, who' was a great friend of Mr Martin's although in good health at ttia time of tliepurclis) sudiletily took ill a'od died on the .Ifind of this month.- The same'-diyvVboy In Id c-mpluy who was taking l'ippo nut on the tratniog vrotind was thrown; and the animal ruuitiiiginio a fencH broke his neck. And this! week Mr Austin Baqni, the bookmaker, who in won the Melbourne Cup with a horse named Warrior, which «vas: ridden by tho late Mr Morrison, expired through taking an overdose of laudanum, for the gout. Mr Saqui and Mr Motrison bad always taeu on most friendly terms 1SCT dstu until the end. Hhaifi in tho Melbourne Tramway Comi>iny oro now quoted at over Ll. Everyone envies the original shareholders who bought in at ten shillings, and have since made L3 10« odd |ier share on tlm mi ni tliu market, as well as numerous dividends. jto happons that out of all the numerous holders, not more than five possess original stock. Nearly all the dfiectors hare sold out at different times, and bought in again at higher price. Probably thn largest transaction in Trains which has over taken plooo occurred a few month Lack, when, at over OUt each, Mr Grtce sold 30,000 abarct to Mr Andrew Kowan. Even at present 'advanced prices the stock is tightly held tat it canuQi bo expected that they will rise much higher, for th<u are only nine mile uwro lines to be npenod, and next year wil very likely scu the cumuicucincnt of bills for 