ME. AND MBS. BOWSER. By SIrS. Bowser. (DETROIT YUEE PRESS'). ' , At 3 o'clock tho.other afternoon I accident ally caught sight of Mr. Bowsor skulking about the buck yard. IIo had acted very restless at dinner- time, and I at onco felt* that. some thing was wrong. A caller camo and I could not gat out to the hum for half an hour, and then it was too Into. A horse stood in the stall; and Mr. Bowser stood looking nt the 44 Ilnvo vou—you-I gasped. 44 Havo I what ?” 44 Bought another horse, after those two droadful failures?” • . “ Dreadful fniluros! I bought one horse and ho objected to tho neighbourhood. The other liked the neighbourhood, but you objected to liis colour.” *■ . 44 Mr. Bowser, please don’t buy anothor horse. Wo don’t need ono, you know, and you will Blindv get swindled.’.’ .44 Swindled! I get swindled on a horse ! Mrs. Bowser, tho mail who can swindle mo on ahorse lias yet to be born! . I know ’em from, ears to bools. I can read ’em like so many books. Wo need a horse. Hero was a chance for a great bargain, and I improved it.” ,44 I’m so—so sorry!” 44 That’s just like vou, but I can’t help it. I don’t pronose to tlirJPtr a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for ‘JOOdol., and just in time to "head off a man who would have boon glad to pay 300dol. I wouldn’t take •lOOdnl. for him as ho stands thoro.” I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed mo into tho houeo, and said: 44 Just wait a week, mid if ho doesn’t turn out nil light I’ll sell him for tho 300dol. and givo you tho extra lOOdol.” Hothing fuithor was 6nid until tho next morning, though in tho menntima I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, bran-mashes, toe- weights, quarter-boots, haml holders, and throat-sweaters. ■ It seemed to me that ho ordered about oOdot. worth of those things. Twice iu the night he got up and raised tho buck window to listen, and he was out of bed und^ out to the bam with the first beams of daylight. Ho came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced: “Mrs. Bowser, yourself and vour child aro invited to a sleigh-ndo after breakfast.” . 44 You don’t mean it.”’ i “But I do. Not only that, but I hopo to ! show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow.” Ho had borrowed a neighbour’s cutter and , bells, and after breakfast I got rendv. Mr. | Bowser said it was better to make our start ! from tho burn, and when I got out there I found a lengthy* raw-boned, wpd-oyed oquino pawing the boor uud working his cars, and anxious to | “ Ho looks dangerous,” I said, after watch* , ing him a minute. 44 So does a stuffed lion, but ho isn’t. How ever, if you aro a coward I’ll ask Mrs. Johnson ' " 0 Bowser',' you nro as palo'aS' n ghost, and all in a tromblo. You aro afraid of him your self.” . “W—what! Afraid of him, or any other liorso living! You can’t go with mo, Mrs. Bowser! Go right into tho houso I” I held tho horstMvhile ho shut tho barn door, and I aizod the animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of somo sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr, Bowser go. alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but ho glared at mo and replied: “Havo you gono clean daft? This horso is ns gentle as a rabbit, and I’d as soon let tho baby drive him, Whoa, Claudius! Now you may go.” li'lt Claudius didn’t go. < Ho pawed tho earth and tho air, stood on Ins hind feet, and seemed to havo struck a circus. “ Is this a blooded liorso ?” I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking jiuzzlcd. I “ Certainly. Ho’s a 1'camaught,” j 44 Then ho doesn’t fear us, docs lie ? And 1 do Fear nan "hf horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off?” “ Keen still! Go on, Claudius !” Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to uso his bind foot and send the dash board of the cutter flying high abovo our heads, and as I picked tho slivers out of my bonnet I asked Sir. Bowser if ho hadn’t better lot tho baby drive. Just thon tho beast started. Ho started with a sort> of hop, skip, and jump, winch gavo ine tho impression that tho cutter wanted to get over tho fcnco into the next yard. After gotting a start tho liorso laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whoso eyes hung out like onions: 44 Ho was warranted perfectly doeflo, wasn't ho? This is only his way of getting down town, isn’t it?” “He’s running away!” shouted Mr. Bowser, ns his hat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his car. “Butyou ain’t afraid of any horso living, you know ? It’s probably somo freak on tho part of Claudius. What a delightful paco 1” Whatever elso could bo said against tho horso ho was a runner. Ho lmd a contract, to draw us at tho rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn’t stop to count tho cost. How wo managed to dodgo street cars, sloighs, cuttcra, and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can’t explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place.to fall out on. Tho brute stopped after a two-milo dash, and when I brought him up to tho curbstono a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give luma swal low of cordial to brnco him up. “I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught mo,” explained Mr. Bowser to tho crowd, . t. 44 Bats!” called half il dozon voices. “ Say, old man, you aren’t lit to drive no such beast as that!” “Nobody but a fool would havo bought such 44 Como off, old man, and buy you a hobby Mr. Bowser and I went homo on tho car. Wo didn’t say much until wo reached tlie house. I wasn’t going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on mo with: 44Now, thou, explain your conduct!” 44 What?” 44 In snatching tho so lines out of my hand and trying to maxo a heroine of yourself! Mrs, Bowser, thore is a limit to all things. You havo reached that limit! I may not bo homo again this week!” But ho was. Indeed, ho lias boon very humble over since. Ho got rid of tho horso next day, gave mo money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that wo dou’t refer to tho past. Tho World (20th March) .writes:—44 Unless a substantial addition is made to the yeomanry capitation grant the force will dissolve.” Mr. Stanley Laue-Poole, biographer of Lord Stratford de Kedcliffe, is editing Sir George Bowen’s reminiscences of his colonial Governor MURRAY’S FLUID MAGNESIA in particularly beneficial as a pleasing sedative and aperient In all cases of Irritation and acidity of the stomach, par ticularly during pregnancy, febrile complaints, in fantile disorders, or sea sickness. It speedily removes heartburn, acid'eructatlons, or irregular digestion. It never fails to compose tlie stomach in a fow minutes after any excess. Ao a lotion for the mouth it sweetens the breath, and the Magnesia clears the teeth from tartar. MURRAY’S FLUID MAGNESIA almost invariably succeeds in removing the spasms, hendacheB, and gastric coughs to which delicate persona are • subiect from aridity of the stomach. CAUTION.—Pleaee observe the signature of the inventors on every label, gold by all chemists. 