OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN COBRESPONDENT.) M:': ELUOURNE, March 18. S THE ELEOTIONS A?RE still the order of the day, and the great Sir Oracle, Mr. Gillies, has spoken his programme to the electgqrs, who are little the wiser for the same, for he has really announced no new legislation, his two hours' oration consisting of a review of the past. He painted everything cotsleor do rose, and made out, at least to his own satisfaction, that everthing had been so prosperous under the coalition re. gim'e that it would be worse than madness, for the present at least, to depart from that reogime. And the same sentiment has been echoed by all the Ministers and nearly all the candidates, so that there is very little likelihood of party Government com ing into vogue in this colony for the next three years at any rate. All the the Ministers expect to be returned, and there is therefore not likely to be any change in the personnel of the Government. The elections will be over by the end of the month ; there will then probably be a short sitting of Parliament, and a recess of two or three months to enable Ministers to frame the very few unimportant measures which it is proposed co intro duce, and which will probably pass with very little opposition. In fact, from present appearances, there is no reason why the session should not be got through in a couple of months. How different this from the New South Wales Parliamentary sessions, which have the reputation down here of lasting thirteen months every year. By the way, it might be mentioned that Mr. Gillies, who is coming out for one of the suburban electorates, had anything but a quiet hearing on the night be delivered his manifesto, and that the vote of confidence, although declared to be carried, was, in the opinion of the whole of the pressmen on the platform, lost by a very con siderable majority. The speech had all the appearance of having been learned off by heart, and the inter. ruptions affected it very little, Mr. Gillies going on with the even flow of his words and of his subject, despite the many unpleasant remarks thrown at him, which appeared to pass off him like water from the proverbial duck's back. How different this from your Premier, Sir Henry Parkes, with whom it is dangerous to trifle by in terjecting remarks, because he always gives something more than a Roland for an Oliver to his interrupter. However, Gillies' subsequent meet ings .have been of a more orderly character. Some of the other candi dates have also had lively times of it, notably Symes, the freethought lecturer, who has not a ghost of a show of getting in, by all accounts, and Dr. Rose who was some few years ago mixed up with a divorce case. At one of his meetings, the other night, not only was the rowdy-. ism of a first-class order even for Melbourne, but there was an actual' stabbing affray at the back of the hall, for which no one has yet been arrested. SYMES ON THE SITUATION. Symes is cock-sure of being re turned-so, by the way, are quite a n'umber of others who will probably be returned to the bosoms of their families at the bottom of the poll. But Joseph is altogethertoo advanced in his ideas to succeed. Victoria, which is always bragging about its democracy, is about the most out-and out jingo colony in existence, and the election meetings show most plainly that the; 'time has not yet come here for advocating anything approaching to separation from the mother country. The national aspirations of the people are all behind. If Symes were standing for a Queenslannd con stituency he would stand a very good show indeed; but Queensland is not Victoria.. But the way, Inotice by the cablegrams that one of the English Ministers in the House of Commons has stated that he is sure Queensland will not refuse to pay its share of the Naval Defence Fund, which shows that he doesn't know what he is taking about. . am sure Queensland will do nothing of the kind. This was one of the planks of the National party at the last Queensland election; and if there was one point more than another to which the Queensland electors were wedded in was this. The question came up in the last Queensland Par liament when Sir Samuel Griffith was Premier, but even then, with a Go vernment which did not know what national aspirations are, headed by a Premier .soaked in Imperialism, the bill had to be dropped till the next Parliament, by. whom it was never en'tertained. Sir Thomas M'lwraith was pledged against it, and, of course, it was never introduced. But this by the way. Symee is equally pro nounced, on the subject. He be lieves the very fleet we are called upon to pay would be used against us if occasion required it, and would fight more for the British bondholder than for liberty-liberty of the colonies, I presume he means and in that he is no doubt correct. He favours floating all future loans in the colonies, and no doubt that would be. a very nice thing, if it could be done, but depend upon it that Govern ments will sooner grab English capital than colonial, as it not only keeps the money in the country but adds to our wealth by the amount borrowed, though, of course, we have to send the interest home. Joseph favours Aus tralian federation, and spoke hopefully of Imperial federation, but not with the same views, I opine, as are generally implied by the words " Im perial Federation;" Joseph, too, would like to see an openeforum-where the iublioc could discuss matters after the .Iomain a'tyle, I supposb, or the style' thit obtains. at the Queen's iStatue in Sydney. He was rough on Government House festivities, which he eharacterised as dancing saloons for the benefit of loafing strangers. As to his own religious opinions, he said if the House would not take his affirmation he was willing to take the oath, which lessens my opinion (if I ever had any) of Mr. Joseph Symes by about fifty per cent. A WAEM[ DIVORCE CASE. The case of Kirk v. Kirk was concluded on Wednesday. It may be remembered that the husband is the petitioner, and that at the first day's hearing of the case, from information that appeared to have been privately supplied to the judge, he made things pretty lively for both petitioner and his wife, and likewise for another lady, whom he implied had been living in adultery with Kirk, notwith standing that this gentleman pro tested his virtue. He also elicited the fact that there had been collusion between husband and wife, and ad journed the further hearing till Wednesday,, when all the parties were present, including the wife and Mrs. Smyth, the petitioner's housekeeper. This gay and festive lady stepped briskly into the box and swore on a stack of bibles that, al though she had lived with th. peti tioner for three years, no impro priety of any kind had ever taken place between them. At the previous sitting of the court, Mir. Smyth had stated that his wife had written out a confession of her guilt, that he had got it at home, and that he would produce it nu Wednesday. But on returning to iis abode after the court was over )u found that his wife had cleverly i'len there before him, and that hi-- papers had been turned over, and the "confession" abstracted. The whole business was a dirty one, and HisHonor refused to grant a dissolu tion, on the grounds of collusion be. tween the petitioner and respondent. He also plainly said he did not believe Mrs. Smyth - who, of course, knew nothing about the lost confession-or the petitioner, his faith in human nature not being so great as to attribute to such a couple the virtue they assumed during a three years' occupancy of the same domicile. In another case His Honor remarked on the unfairness of the Divorce Act, in allowing a man to obtain a divorce on the grounds of his wife's adultery, but denying to her the same right. Perhaps, however, it is just as well that the law is as it is, for if the woman had equal "rights" with the man, chaos would reign in thousands of families, and not a hundred divorce judges would suffice for the wants of Australia. BT. PATRCICK' DAY. Yesterday was really St. Patrick's Day, but it was kept on Saturday. The wearing of the green was a marked feature of the day, and met the eye in every direction. The dif ferent Hibernian societies celebrated the occasion by a series of sports, and wounrd up with a ball in the evening. The day was intensely hot, and the dust was thick to confusion on the Friendly Societies' grounds, where the running, &c.;, came off. Many thou sands of people were congregated here, and pretended to enjoy the sports; but it always appears to me at these sort of places that the only persons who really enter into the spirit of the thing are the competitors and a few of their backers, while the general public 'look upon the whole thing as a bore and an excuse for coming together in large numbers. But, perhaps, it's because I don't ap preciate such sports myself that I look upon them in this light. Iknow they always bore me, and I am glad when they are over. But, possibly, one reason of this is that I am compelled to attend so many of them as a matter of business. A NOVEL P'OINT. Mr. Gaunson, as a statesman or politician, is said to be an unmitigated nuisance, but as a lawyer he raises more "points" than any other three men at the bar. On Saturday he raised one that was a real eye-opener, and which, if sustained, would cause the life of a publican to be a more rosy one than it is at the present time, when hardly has the hour of closing struck, or Sunday morning arrived, than the house is surrounded by an army of police and spies, watching through cracks and keyholes, and under gates and doors to see if they can collar any unfortunate publican for a a breach of the Act; and, of course, they collar many. Mr. Gaunson's point was that, as soon as the hotel was closed according to law, it be came a private house, and that the licensee could do exactly what he chose in it in defiance of anybody, so long as he did not commit murder. He could call in a party of friends, regale them with cards and whisky (playing cards was the particular offence charged in this instance), and get as drunk as a fiddler on St. Patrick's night if he liked, without being interfered with by any one. Mr. Gaunson quoted an English case where a publican was fined for being drunk on his own premises after hours. 1e ap pealed against the decision, and the Appeal Court ruled that after the house had been closed it became a private dwelling. He had never, he said, heard of such a disgraceful case as this before the court, where three constables, leaving their beats and the fowl houses thereon to the tender mercies of poultry marauders, had joined to gether and sneaked over the back fence, and for three-quarters of an hour had peeped and watched, and then laid a charge of gambling. However, the police magistrate did not see it in this light, and fined the publican a couple of pounds and costs. AN EXTRAORDINAARY ELOi'EMENT. A very, olever swindler, named Alfred Oasso, has iust gone up for at additional six mon'hs for victimising tradesmen by mear s of valuelest cheques, this being ijt addition to twelve months' imprisonn.'ent to which he was sentenced at the beginning of the week for swindling of a more general character. Casso is a young man of gentlemanly appearance- very good looking-and, before being attired in prison garb, wearing very fashionably-cut clothing from the best of tailors, which, it is needless to say, he never paid for. He was the principal in an extraordinary elopement which took place from a Melbourne suburb about the be ginning of November last. The other principal party to the scandal was a young lady, the daughter of a minister at Hobart, in Tasmania, whose acquaintance he made and into whose good opinion he very soon ingratiated himself. He was only 18 years of age, and when he proposed marriage she foolishly ac. cepted him without inquiry of any kind, or even communicating with her people. They, however, heard of it, and sent her awayto Kew, a Molbourne suburb, to reside with her married sister. Casse, however, followed her, and one davcarried her off in a cab. but was cha~sed for a considerable dis: tance in another cab by the sister mentioned. However, he got clear off. with his quarry, and the next that was heard of him was that they were married. They residedin a furnished house at Toorak, the most fashionable suburb near ifolbourne, and, after a few weeks' unalloyed happiness here, Casse called in a broker one morning, sold thebo whole of his land lady's furniture, and departed with his fair young bride for other woods and pastures now. Several other business transactions were got through in a similar fashion, and ultimately Oasse was arrested in Sydney and brought back to Victoria. For his misdeeds he was,. on Thursday, sen tenced to a year's imprisonment, and onSaturday received an additional six months. He would appear to have corrupted the clergyman's daughter to a considerable extent, for, before leaving her father's house to fly with the rascal, she ran up bills to the extent of a couple of hundred pounds, leaving her father to settle them; while Casse, by means of a forged order, obtained £10 ~.from one of the servants of her family. Then they departed on their honey moon tour. Surely the girl married in haste; now she will have eighteen months at least to repent at leisaro. 