A PEEP AT A ROYAL TROUS- I SEA U. (FHOM A T.ADV COnnFSTONDENT.) St. pETisnsnrna. June 8, 18SJ1. Visions of filmy laces, silks, embroideries, ribbons, Fatins, furs, and plushes rise now before my eyes after an inspection of the trousseau of the Princess Royal of Greece, the wedding present of the Empress of Russia to her niece. Two of tbe salons of the Winter Palace were required to hold it, which is nothing, however, to be wondered at when one remembers it has C03t over 30 ',000 roubles, about £31,000 of English money. In the first salon— which happened to be the famous White Salon of tbe Palace — werearrangedall round theenormoustrtiDks, bound in red morocco leather with hand some brass mouutingp, a royal present in themselves, which were to hold the trous seau, and under a white linen covering on a side table were piled the dainty pillows to be used by her Royal Highness. These were ail sizes and shapes, from the wide full length pillow to the charming little ghost of a pillow about tho size of one's hand, which Russian ladies find it impos sible to sleep without, ond which rest just under the ear, reaching to ahoat _ the middle of the cheek. The^* were of eider down, softer than anything 1 have felt before, ond were enclosed in a slip of the finest Chinese silk, of a perfectly delicious shell pink color— a color to make one dream of ethereal clouds and tbe dawn. Opposite 'jhese, on another table, in n, long, wadded, satin-lined box of rosewood, were the furs— a circular cloak or mag nificent black sable, faced with rich ruby velvet ; a boa of the same, which even when tied must reach to the toes of her Royal Highness ; and a dainty muff. Beside these were tho travelling dressing cases of silver, one holding all the dozen of trifles necessary for a lady's toilet ,with a handsome oval-shaped mirror reposing on the blue velvet lining, and with a drawer underneath which wheu opened disclosed a toilet basin and a jug, with the numerous little soap dishes, all of silver ; the second case containing the silver spirit lamp for heating water, a tea and coffee pot, and hot water juc, all of silver. In the second room, the famous Golden Salon where the Empress holds her recep tions, were all the gowns, dresses, shoes, fans, underclothing, cloaks, and mantles of all descriptions. The first gown we looked at was, of course, the all-important wedding one! It was simply dazz'ing. It was made, of course, after the stylo of all Russian Court gowns, the entire train, several yards long, being of a wonderful cloth of silver manu factured at Moscow, and worked all over in silver also with a magnificent highly raised embroidery. It was cut low at tbe ueck. with wide, long sleeves to the wrist, where tbey were narrowed, and fastened, being opeu, however, from the shoulder to display the inside of the arm. the only relief to all this magnificence being a tiny ruching of white swansdown all round tbe sleeves from the shoulders and around the bodice. Another Court gown quite on the same pattern was of Royal blue velvet, and with the same wonderful embroidery, only of gold roses and trails of leaves and buds, eing heavily raised all over the entire velvet train and bodice. I Among tbe evening gowns was one specially beautiful from Worth — a pale solmonpink silk ond tulle, with a won derful arrangement ol asters of the same hue aud green leaves. One was quite be wildered, iu fact, over the gowns, lor tbej were of all hues and styles, the laces being especially handsome. A deep salmon pink with heavy rucbings of siik frayed at tbe edges was very beautiful. So was another pink, with exquisite tulle trimmings and pearl embroidery, and still another piuk of rich sheeny satin, made severely plain _ in the front, with a baby bodice and wide sa?b of tbe same material as tbe dress, was quite lovely. On oue long rack reaching the entire length of the salon were arranged tbe petticoats. I noticed two only of flannel, one, a white oue, being trimmed witb two flounces of lace, and the other, a red one, embroidered after a Russian design in Royal blue silk. Then there were white silk and satin petticoats without end ; delicious petticoats in lawn, some covered with lace and ribbons, others with flounces uud frills of beautiful Valenciennes lace and the finest possible pleats and tucks, while other petticoats were of rich pale silks and satins, one beautiful one being of a beautiful crimson with coffee coloured lacc. The Princess herself supplies the bonnets and hats, so these were not on view ; but on two tables running along two sides of the salon were arranged quantities of beautiful uudergarments, all of which are of Russian manufacture. The^e simply pass descrip tion, the mere initials being eo beautifully embroidered as to be a work of art in them selves, They were all made of tbe finest lawn, and heavily trimmed with lovely Valenciennes— in fact, nothing could be more beautiful or more dainty, and of everything there were a dozen dozen, even to the dressing jackets, all being orna mented with beautiful insertions of lace ond dainty butterfly knots of various coloured ribbons. Close by were exquisite baskets lined with pale satin end laces, always Valenciennes, to hold these pretty garments. A large square table alone was required to hold the almost endless varieties of dainty silk stockings: these were of nil hues and patterns, some extra beautiful ones being embroidered in gold, otbere in silver, others in pearl, while some pairs had beautiful insertions of lace worked in over the instep. On another table were placed the shoes and gloves, both being in endless profusion and variety; but among all the dainty satins and kids of all forms 1 noticed some pairs of strong high bootB, with two soles together, quite an inch thick, made on the pattern of those the Empress herself always wears at Gatschina or Peterhof, or any other of the summer Palace' for walking. The gloves were of all lengths, and principally kid many of tbe shorter ones being of a rich, deep tan color. Tbe fans and handkerchiefs, too, were all luCou i07eiy : iu some long boxes close by these tied with white satin ribbons were ladies' corsets ; tbe one we chanced to open being of white satin, heavily trimmed with Vulenciennus lace. ? 