Solmbe f)onse, TOOBAK. WEDNESDAY. MY DiiAK ESME,—YO'J will remember my telling jou a few weeks ag • that the "flat-footed slide" hitherto so popular in all forms of dancing here was root tfcTstvle patronised by the best set in ind. aud that in the Marlborough House the -'walking through" was caref lly »ed. \% eli. t'ne suggestion has not been lost elbourne society iolks, for at the Ladies' t Association ball on Wednesday evening the : people positively hopped through all the : dauces, Miss Annie Mein, Miss Colin ,n, Mrs. Torn Fairbiirn and Miss Jeffray (I | being conspicuous for their very frolicsome tents. This is as it should be. Since dancing i origin in mirth, why should it be gone igh in the guise of sorrow ? „. from Loudon that Mrs. T. P. Hill — of the late Mr. T. P. Hill, once well-known scityag a professor of elocution—has been ted to the membership of the Society of journalists. 1 referred some time back to "ill's journalistic connection in London, and J oil the preparations fur her next literary jirhich I tiad will take the form of a series tides ou the Irish question Mrs. Hill has tayiDg for a lengthened period in Ireland in furnish lierset with reliable and interesting er for her work, which will be read with pt by her old Australian friends, wlio have Miyhad occasion to jud.e favourably of her ry productions. that we are basking in the reflected glory . Armstrong's success on the operatic stage is, you will be specially interested in hearing r of the Australian diva, so I give you a few eta from a private letter received by the last -"Iwas fortunate in hearing Madame Melba firstappearance in Paris as Ophelia. After scene with Hamlet and the Queen the had to be raised three times, but her sttriumph was achieved in the flower scene, namidst the enthusiastic cheering of a critical auaienc- the curtain had to be raised l a nd again, even the ladies joining in the rous clamour. The chorus and orchestra were, e, on a level with Madam Melba'B high excellence, but the Hamlet and Ghost ronators left much to be desired. Melba's dress looked very pretty m )' masculine eyes, being of soft blue Belled v white and trimmed with oeverai istralian gentlemen sent her "»'ely flowers tied with the national of the Sunny South and bearing »«nption in gold letters, ' Prom a few a n admirers,' and Mr. and Mrs. Alex. tifiH n ° f ^eIljourn e, alfio sent her some ™ . looills > hearing a congratulatory motto. P omment Australian gentleman—I suppose " put the enthusiastic ebullition down to e® r EO elatcd with tbe fair f Melba's lle stood kiA i • u PJ cheered and waved ' hosn • fran tically. Some of the papers, i llichnations towards the new diva, L n n ' S T; es wdiiuloua in the eyes of cultured fcjjJ an( J ^veiled folks generally by writing 'all - 7 Dot want aboriginals in the 1 m «Bic-halls of Paris.' " Jl^ved the following letter from the as to. u t ^ best explains itself, I give it i agaiu ;7° Ur !ast letter 10 ' Esme,' I notice fodiair r to action of our committee kjji, l r, e presence of the memb rs of jnhinifi „o . P £ ny at our last bali 1 cannot - e ljee ! facte of H" n as to ""sinfortned Vabujpj i t' cast > and , as a member of that \- T • and also of the present com- >«y duty to acquaint you with what re illy did take place concerning this unfortunate affair. It was not until within a week or two of the ball that five out of the six on ilie CDmmittee kuew that it was likely that the Gaitty Company would be present. One member of our committee, whose name it is needless to mention, wished to give them complimentary tickets, but this motion found no seconder, and a very warm discussion took place as to the advisability of their attendance, and the njatter was allowed to drop. Their presence, therefore, did not receive the sanction of the committee. Tickets were bought and paid for by their ardent admir rs (amongst which unfortunately was one of our committee). This also explains how they managed to get into the private supper for our invited guests, which was, 1 may add, very little different to what was outside (a few decanters of wine and spirits being the only addition.) With these facts I cannot see how you can lay the blame up n the committee. We endeavoured to make the ball as select as it is possible to keep it; there must be some black sheep in thefold. In conclusion, Rhoda, I must ask you to explain in some future letter to ' Esme,' the true facts of our action. I know it is far from you to injure us when we are perfectly innoceut. Apologising for troubling you," etc. The " Bohemian " contributor to the popular evening journal in a recent article found llider Haggard guilty of mutilating the chief glory of colonial titledom in referring to a New Zealand Governor in " Meeson's Will" as a G 3.M.G. If the writer were not such a thorough boheiuian he would know that the G.C. M.G. is the higher grade of the Sa nts Michael and Ceorge order. Why, it was only in May that Sir Henry Loch, K.C.M.G., was personally invested with the more distinguished G.C.M.G. honour which was conferred on him last year. On that occasion Sir Henry was presented by Lord Kuutsford. There were several tbeat e parties at "Patience" on Saturday evening, and amongst one of the most exclusive (?) sat a hoary-headed o'd reprobate whom men who honour their wives and daughters should not tolerate Apart altogether from his unprincipled vileuess, his remarks on the opera were of so boisterous a character as to be positively annoying; and yet beside him sat the smiling retined and fashionable womanhood of Melbourne. There is yet another kind appeal being made on behalf of Philip Plaisted's family, and in this case the means are so commendable from all points that I am sure success will place its laurels on the venture. The members of the St. Kilda Private Assembly have arranged to give a benefit " Cinderella" ball in the Masonic Hall on 3rd July, and Ilis Excellency Sir William Robinson has kindly given his pa ronage. Mr. A. H. Mould, of Armadale, is working very hard in the interest of the affair, and numbers of tickets have been taken by people of fashion and influence. The dance will be pleasurable in a high degree, and the worthiness of its object should ensure the most generous patronage. Miss Myra Kemble's farewell benefit, which took place at Sydney, has been described as "the most truly magnificent compliment ever tendered by the people of Sydney to a member of the theatrical profession " Miss 'Kemble, Australian in birth, trainihg and feeling, goes to seek laurels for her sunny self and home in the ^reat heart of London, where her great ability must force its way to the front. Lord and Lady Carrington and all Sydney were at the benefit, those who could not g t in remaining outside cheering, while within the theatre the walls shook with the enthusiasm of the audience. Miss Kemble made a feeling little speech, concluding with—"I cannot say what I feel; I can only thank you all. Good-bye ! God bless you !"' In regard to that hissing demonstration at the Princess' Theatre on Saturday evening it is rather hard that Mr. Tom Grundy should have had to bear the brunt of it, for he was really not tbe instigator of the trouble which the audience resented so forcibly. After li s song, " When I first put this uniform on," it was his privilege, as everybody knows, to go off first, leaving Messrs. Leumane and Johnson to follow him. To my surprise Mr. Leumane coolly usurped ohe privilege and waddled off in advance, leaving the soloist, Mr. Grundy, to follow him. It was evident that an altercation took place in the wings, and Mr. Grundy can hardly be blamed for resenting the meddlesomeness of his fellow artist, whoshouldknow that a disregard for the rights of others does not in the least add either to one's importance or popularity. A certain young lady from the metropolis, while on a visit to Ballarat, went to the new cemetery for a stroll with her fiance, and not being aware of the regulations of the place, lingered too long over the grave of a departed friend, or wandered too far into the interior. To their horror, on returning, they found the stupendous iron gates closed, and no alternative but to climb the ten feet galvanised iron fence ; after several attempts, the lady succeeded in gaining the railing on top, and after summing up her courage, she jumped the ten feet, reminding one of Professor Baldwin's descent in a parachute. No damage, however, was done, except her lover's nasal organ being broken by her rapid di scent. I enjoyed Miss Katie Putnam's performance of " Fanchon " very much. There was a crowded and fashionable audience on Monday evening, when Miss Putnam was called before the curtain six or seven times. Amongst those present were Mrs. Malleson, Miss Chapman, Mrs. Landale, Mrs John Simson and the Misses Simson (4).—Yours ? KHODA. 