VANISHED EMINENCES. (DsAILY News.) "Let as sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the death of kings," says one of Shakdspeare's characters. The invitation is ap propriate to the day, though not so appropriate as in the time of Richard II. Though monarchs have suffered violent deaths since then, it has not been the rule that they, should be deposed or "slain in war," or " haunted'by the ghosts they have deposed," or " oisoned by their wives, some sleeooping illed, all murdered." As for Royal suicide, it has int recent times become compara tively rare. A' savage monarch whom we worsted at Magdala blew out his brains i. the a"ony of his misfortune. In this respect King heodoro unconsciously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would, if necessary, justify his boast that he would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was better than that of the ill-fated King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years ago the Kin of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in of that of other princes who have trifled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's death by his own hand is as mysterious as it is necessarily sudden. It has been observed by Buckle and others that mili tary men oommit suicide oftener than other clisses. Certainly there has been no little suicide among Continentalofficers lately. That mn the cold law of averages a Royal victim should be counted in would probably not have s urprised! the author of the " History of Civili sation." The sensation of shock that'bas unquestion ably been caused by the Archduke's death is of course dueo in great degree to the eminent position he filled. His was necessarily a co spicuous figure, since, apart from any indi vrduality of its own, it was that of the ap parent heir to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly disappear, it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been obliterated by volcanic agency. They are vanished eminences. Our awe at their pre cipitous disappearance is partly due to that, aun partly to our helpless speculations as to what mar be the consequences, or as to what other altrations in the earth's surface will sur prise us next. We have had many such sur prisealately. Although the Emperor Frederick's death from canesr so soon after his father died was in the end quite anticipated, the first reve lation of the prospect of that death was dis tinatly one of those surprises. 'More akin to the event at Meyerling was the Prince Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in the facts that he did die by violence, and that the news seame upon everybody with appalling suddenness, and that in him were centred' the hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the death, by a fall from his carriage, of Louis Philippe's son, the Duke of Orleans,in 1842. Though unlikethose two princes, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor pretender, his death also produced by its suddenness the same peculiar sensation or shook, intensified in this country by the near ness of his relationship to our Queen, and by the respeot and -onfidence he had in-. spired i the people by his Well-spent life. Hardly lees sudden than in all these cases was the blank caused by the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore be men tioned among the painful surpriseswhich in our times death has sprung upon as. The Princess Alice's death ranks with all of these in tragic interest, and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the map of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away the breath perhaps more than any event which can- be recalled m modern reminscence. His death, as has been somewhere said; was -after this but an anti olimax. The:-amd fate in. Iie o.f.Prince Rpsdolpkri ·snsle, -chld Edspersr>Meaxieemi lan, a: linked in,':assoetioes ., wsth the unfortunate Napoleonic .iame; Of modern assassinations none equals: in daring and -hrror, or in.its paralysmRn effect upon the civilised world, the murder of the Czar, Alexander II. If the sudden vanishing of eminence, due to rank, be impressive, as well proved by the public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men eminent by their own merits are removed - at a blow. The names of two Presidents of the United States who have succumbed to the violence of the assassin within the memory of the present generation will at once leap to the reader's mind, as well as that of our own Indian Viceroy Lord Mayo, and of that brave English general the hero of Lucknow, who, though he did not die by the assassin's hand, was almost as suddenly lost to his country. Sir Robert Peel's death was like those to which we have referred in the sense of sudden void which it created; and in this country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishop Wllber force made a profound sensation. These are some of the conspicuous figures suddenly re moved in recent times. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include amons our vanished eminences all who have had the eyes of tihe world turned for the moment. upon them, the name of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not be forgotten. 'His violent end made the public hold their breath as. much as any of thb sad events hero recorded. •Nor can it ever be forgotten in the lives of the present generation how the uworld in thrilling suspense awaited the issue of that wonderful Nile expedition, which came within touch of Khartoum only to hear of the noble death of h e gallant hero, Gordon. - Just to Let the People See. ' So all marriage is a failure,' says the.old maid with a smile. ' Im glad folks, begin to see it, for I've known it a lon" while. - How I wish I could get married just to let the people see How supremely great the failure marriage always proves to be ' - 