THE MAGAZINES FOR JANUARY. An unsigned artiole in The Universal Review treats of tho "Progress of Man." It is a curious production, and the roader soon discovers that the writer's rhapsodie manner scarcoly scrcons the essential absurdity of his forecasts. For in*tanco, he looks forward to tho Pope reigning ovor a uni- versal church, in which there is no othor dogma than that we ought " to tako trou Me to do good to others." Ho has muoh to Bay about the fed'ration of the English- speaking race, but his idoaa are loose and vague. Take, for example, this passage: " Empire such as ours (here is not in all the world, nor evor baa been. Tho peopling of the waste places with men of our blood, of our race, of our religion, and of our law», goes on without ceasing. Unless it in checked, the end of another century will soo the world divided into two halves one half speaking English as a nativo tongue, the other half learning it as the / ¡«gua lumea of the human race. Of all problems, there- fore, the most important is to keep these great and growing Engliah-spesking States» in friendly alliance, if not in politirjil union. The federation of the British Empire is the condition of its survival. As an Empire we must f'Hlerato or perish. If our foroign policy is to bo one, ono Government must represent all. If all are to be equally exposed to dsnzor of attack, all must shire equally in providing for defence. No ono proposes to attempt to unite the oeein-sunderod Republics whioh exist uuder the British nae by the bonds of a centralised \ Administration. There should bo a minimum of con (roi from tho centre und a maximum of efri.-ient co- operation in such Hffsirs as are common to all parts of tho Empire. Evan this minimum can only be safely exeroised when the controlled are fullv represented at tha centre of control. Nothing should be forced, but everything fostered that makes for the enfranchisement of the Englishmen beyond the Baa at present without a voice in the Government of the Empire, the future of whioh lies with them." Du Beste, a ghastly story, by Mr, Thomas Hardy ; some amusing " Rominiscences of the Now Royalty," by Mrs. Burnand ; and a poem on "iEolus," by Mr. 8win> burne, aro tho moat noteworthy contributions. The illu-trations to a raper ca led Willette et le Chat Noir, tell a shocking story of the brutality which characterises mo lorn French ort The woman kiesing a cruoified man is simply the most disgust- ing work of art we have ever seen. In Zon^nian's Hiagattne. Mr. Walter Besant begins a new story, tho motif of which is curious. A gentleman takes a street arab, of gipsy piront age, and proposes to turn his hereditary vices into virtues. Mr. Be-ant's aim will bo best understood from the following passage : " ' You propose, then, to conquer and eradioate these hereditary tendencies ¡" " * Not at all. I shall make thom stops by which ho shall mount.' The doctor leaned forward and spoke with frreat seriousness. ' I havo long wished, my friend, for such au experiment as ¡s now before me. I havo desired a mind to mould according to my own views. Impatience of authority ia hereditary with this boy : 1 expect it will rulo him as It ruled his fore- fathers ; but in his cat,e it will take a nobler form ; it will enable him to aot and to think for himself. Tho poverty ot pa»t generations will inspire him with dis- satisfaction and aoiaving for things. His ancestors never hnd enough of anything ; they craved for food and drink. This boy will inherit the craving, bnfnot for food : he will desire, bevond mensuro, knowledge. Again, the instinct of Rolf-preservation is most Btrongly developed in the creatures which are hunted. This boy'B peuple have been hunted for hundreds of years. Ha will til in of oro inherit the instinct, strongly devoloped, of suapioion or watobfulnesB. But he will understand that the highest application of this instinct is to the advance of freedom and humanity.' " ' Oh !' said his companion, doubtfully. " ' Then, again, none of his peoplo have ever known morality, honour, truth, religion, or any of the virtues whioh we were taught in childhood.' " ' You will teach him these things?' " ' Not at all. 1 shall only put him in the way of learning them. Ho will leura them for himself. Ho will deduce for him-elf, from his own observation, that the happiness and the safety of the individual, an well as the community, depend upon the observance of these virtues by himself and by his friends. He will per- ceive that he must give as well as take, in order to seoure the possibility of getting snd the security of having. Then there will gradually »pring up in his mind a natural religion, on wbich, if he pleases, he may build any ecclesiastical structure that he may admire.' " What Mr. Besant will make of so curious a theme remains to bo seen. In the «arno magazine Messrs. D. Christie Murray and Henry Murray continue thoir thoroughly original detective story, " A Dangetous Catspaw," and there is a delightful paper on schoolboy blunders, by Mr. H. J. Barker. Macmillan is particularly good this month, Hot to mention Mr. Clark Russell's serial, "MaroonaI" -though nil who have read the opening chapters will turn to that first-there i; a weird angling story bv Mrs. Andrew Lang, called " The Bloody Doctor," a pleasant es-ay by Professor Goldwin Smith on " Sh ikspearo's Religion and Politics," and a oharming paper, much in the manner of De Quincey, on " The Practice of Letters." The main attraction of the English Illustrated is a paper by Mr. Osoar Wi de, full of amusig anec- dotes about "London Models." Mr. Archibald Forbes contributes a rather pathetio sketch, whioh he cal!« "The Old Sergeant" The topographical artiole this, month doaU with " Berkeley Castle." There is a blood-ourdling ghost story of the true Blackwood'» Magazine kind in the present number of that serial. Other papors whioh may bo recommended are a review of " The Lifo of Lord Westbury," and "Note's from the1 Congo."^ Sir Theodore Martin gives an excellent translation of Schiller's " Hero and Leander." # . The afaooztne of Art is rapidly taking a distin- guished position among art periodicals. In the present number Mr. G. F. Watts replies to 8ir John Mi'lais's condemnation of apparent elaboration. " T think." savs Mr. Wa't-, "that a work of a-t should not only bo careful and sineo-e, but that tho care and sincerity ehould also be visible." Mr. Watts also joins issue with Sir John as to the colouring of the old master?, and believes that " when tho method is good and the pizments pure, the colours chance very little." Another eood article is contributed bv' Mr. Fri'h, who condemns the Roval Academy mnthod of teachinz drawing, but confp8»oi that foreign schools of art aro oqnally wrong in their teaching of colouring. An artiole on " Mr. Glidstnnn and his Portraits" is illus tnted wilh .engravinzs of the portnits by Mr. Richmond, Mr. Thaddeus. and Mr, Watta,_ and a photogravure of the grand portrait by Sir John Millai». In tho Cornhill there is a farcical story, probably by Bret Harte, called "The First and LastPreaohor of TJrora ; '' an entertainin? essay on " Pickwick," in which there are many curious facts about the origínala of Dickens's charae'ers; and the first instalment of a new serial, "The County," which promises well. Otherwise the magazine is hardly as good as usual. Mr. George Ketinan's appnlling disclosures of Ru«sian administration in Siberia are continued in tho Century. " An Old Mnn from the Old Coun- try " is a capital storv of Californian lifo ; and the article* entitled " Horses of the Plains " and " Round nhout Galileo " aro readable, and beauti- fully illustrated. Tho writer of an article on " Pagan Ireland " gives us much entertaining lore, but is too apt to treat probabilities and fanoies as ascertained facts. The Nineteenth Century is perhaps the best of the more important monthlies. Tt opons with a warning by Lord Charles Beresford that the French hate us more than thor hate the Gormans, and that if we have to fight them at soa we sholl probably do BO unaided. His moral is, of courso, that tho English fleet should be greatly increased. If England has to fitrht France within tho next four rear1*, then, according to Loid Charles Beresford, England will be beaten. The Duko of I Argvll is a cultured man, and thinks out every question as far as his many prejudices allow him to do«o; but he has not the literary capacity for making pointe, and his artioles are terribly prosy. The article on the " Highland Crofters," which ho contributes to the Nineteenth Century, is not an exception to tho rule. He has really much to sar, but-to put it bluntly-he bores his readers. Mr. Beohet's pspor-" Austra- lian Side Lights ou English Politics"-is ably written. Ho contrasts Now South Wales with Victoria as regards protection, education, legis'aturo, and «o forth, nnd draws lesion« for the behoof of the mother onuntry. It is note>vorihv that he has como to the conclusion that Parliamentary government is failing in Australia as in England, and that the time i» rapidly approachine when legislation alone will ho the work of a Parliament, and administra- tion alone of tho Min'strv. The number closns with a most interesting article by Mr. Gladntono on "Daniel O'0onn*ll." Taking "as tho criteria of statesmanship, properly so called, first the capacity to embrace broad piinoiples and to hold them faßt, and. secondly, the faculty which oan distinguish between means and onds, and can treat the first in entire subordination to tho last" Mr. Gladstone pronounces O'connell to have been "an excellent statesman." The article is full of anecdote and personal reminiscences, nnd should, in short, be read by everybody. Again is the Duke of Argyll fearfully dull in tho Contemporary iicuieio. He writes " A Replv to our Ap »ellant " (Mr. Frederick Harrison), and therefore treats nn Irish history. The gist of his article is that if the Irish had always tiken pre- cisely the samo viow3 wilh regard to politics, reli- gion, morals, and the land tl)3t the Duke of Argyll takes, it would have boon muoh the better for them. Sir Froderiok Leighton prints his Livorpool address on " Art in England." It is we'l worth reading and thinkim? over, but ono feels that h he might havo scolded artists moro, and the publio less. While the former were living an esoteric life in a world of thoir own. the builder, the dyer, the paper'>anger, the fnrniture-maker, and other trndejmen were left to destroy, at their own sweet will, our Bor.se of beauty. " Emile Zola.' by Mrs. Crawford, is an admirable criticism. Perhaps a woman ought not to criticise Zola at all, for there is much in his writings that she ought not to understand, and yet Mrs. Cranford seems to us to have estimated hin more fairly and justly than any other writer. " Tne Cambridge Apoatles of 1880 "-namely, Arohhishop Trenoh, John Sterling, Frederiok Maurieo, and Arthur Hallam-is a well written biojraphical artie'e. Those who are not soldiers, and find themselvas often unab'e to understand tho Btory of a campaign, should read a capital artiole on " War," contributed by Lord Wolseley to the Fortnightly Review. "The Ethics nf Cannibalism " is really an anthropo | logical study by Mr. H. H. Johnston. Notwith i standing tho horrible subject, tho paper is a very amusing one. " Pen, Penoil, and Poison," by Mr. Oscar Wilde, is an interesting account of Thomas Griffiths Wainewright " p'et, paintor, and poisoner," who is known to be the original of " Varnoy," in Lord Lytton's " Lucrotia." Of course, Mr. Fredorio Harrison's eloquont artiole on " The Future of Agnoatioism " leads to the con- clusion that Positivism is that future. The num bor also contains articles by Mr. J. A. Symonds on " Elizabethan and Victorian Postry," by Mr. W. H. Mallooh on "The Scientifio Bases of Optimism," and by Mr. Edmund Gosse on " Ibsen's Social Dramas." Temple Bar contains tbo oponing chapteN of a new novel by Mr. Baring Gould. It promises well, but the writer sometimes steps over the line that divides the humorous from the farcical. Take the following description of a Sunday school:-? " Yes," said Lady Lamerton. " yes, Fanny White, go on. As the list of the canonical books is known to you all, I require you to loam the names of thoso books whian, an the sixth article says, are road for example of life and instruction of mnnnoi's ; but yet are not applied to establish any doctrino. After that wo will proceed io learn by heart the names of the Homilies, 21 in all, given in the 35th artiolo, which are tho more important, because they are not even read, and hardly i any one has a oopy of them. Go on with the un- I canonical books. Third Book of Esdras, Fourth Book of Esdras." .' Tobit," whispered the timid Fanny White, and | curtsied. " Quite right, Tobit-go on. It is most important for your soul's health that you should know what booka are not canonical, and in their sequence. What come« after Tobit ?" " Judith," «altered Fanny. " Then a portion of Esther, not found in Hebrew. What next ? '* " Wisdom," shouted the next girl. Polly Woodley. " True, but do not be so forward, Polly; I am asking l Farm White " ''Eoclesiasticks," in a timid, doubtful sigh from Fanny, who raised her eyes to the board« above, deteoted an eye impeding her through a knot-hole, laujrhed, and then turned crimson. " Not Bticks," said Lady Lamerton, sweetly, " you must say-cus." A dead silence and great doubt fell on the class. " Yes, go on-cus." Then faintly from Fanny, " Piesse, my Lady, mother say» I b'aint to Bwoar." "I don't mind," exclaimed the irrepressible Polly Woodley, starting up, and thruBting her hand forward into Lady Lamerton's face, " Darn it." Thora is a'so a good artiole on " Puns," and a very funny dialogue between two lad es, called " Last Word*." The biographical artiole this month is on " Thomas Campbell," the poet Except for Mr. Stevenson's grand pirate story, Scribner is not up to the mark, and tho illustra- tions are vilely ugly. Wo havo also received tho Quiuer, Sunday at Home, Leisure Hour, Boys' Ouin Paper, Girls' Own Paper, Cassell's Magasine, and St Nicholas. Particular attention may bcoalied to Jules Verne's story in the Boys' Own, and to the "excellent fooling" about the pygmies in St Nicholas. Winden's Cricket 4li»anacfr is quite the best of the annuals dovotod to English orioket. It con- tains a full account of the Australian tour, and of all other important matches. Tho descriptions are eminently readable, and the oriticisms really acute, Mr. 0. F. Pardon in the editor. 