THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. They were an aged pair, but yet uu- bappy. The old man woro n veat.ge of levity on bis face, but the old lady— well ber fronticepieee was like a mortgage on a very bad farm. They lingered awhile in front of tho Gaioby, and, al though neither spoke a word, it was _ plainly visible ' that evil wa3 Drewmg, ror oia aaa s oyes were nery, his two remaining teeth Bet firmly over his top lip, and be stood like a lion taking a morning meal. He was at the bottom of it aU . He approached us for an interview, and then we gathered that he and thj old 'ooman hod had very few ,'appy words in their life; in fact, they wished each other dead. The wish on his side was thoroughly honest and well grounded. We felt curious, and coaxed the old gent to disclose a bit more of his mystery. At last he snapped and snarled like a gin- trap, and inferred that the old lady had been treated by doctors for years, but " they could not kill her." He had tried antimony, arsenic and other Blow poisons, bnt still, like an armadillo, she same through the fire unharmed, and so in desperation, said he, " I come from tho back-blocks to seo this here Frank Lincoln, because I heard of how he's very funny, and if he can only make her laff but once, maybe —maybe— hush"— said the old man, his eyes growing more and more fiendish, and his husky voice more and more gaspy, as he tore the few remain ing stnmps of hair that stood 'twixt him and heaven. " Come, I'll whisper," said the old villanous Quilp, " maybe she bust up and die ; the doctors told me years ago she never was born to laff, and I never knew her to turn a wrinkle in that way yet, sol insured her afore I. left home, and if that man Lincoln can kill my old ooman there's 28100 laying idle for him from me, and a lifelong obligation; and more than that, I'll put his photo, on the tombstone, and over it I'll get ' our ' poet laureate to tell in verse that Hero lies poor Billy Sykos' wife, Who never " laffed " in all her life ' Until Bho went to Lincoln's show, Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Go thon and likewiso do, Book yonr seats for heaven through. It was too quickly done for one to restrain thea old cold-blooded villain the idea of taking his partner in for Buch a purpose, although many men have taken their wives in to the show for the purpose of amusement and recreation, but have come out quiokly to order a funeral.— Fact! This afternoon there will be a matinee perforin- ance, and maybe the Sydney folks can see . his jokes a little better by daylight than gaslight. And to-mght comes that time when we must Bay farewell. He's going away to leave us. So, goodbye. And a; this is his last performauce in Australia, we hope the good folks of Sydney will rally around the star- spangled banner to see a thoroughly clever and gentlemanly humourist who can and does entercaiu an audience for nearly two hoars. "Lessons from 'Youth,'. with Remarks Upon Acting as an Art, also the Influence of the Drama," is the subject of a lecture -to be delivered to-morrow evening in the Unitarian Church by tho Rev. George Walters. Like unto a fat man rolling swiftly down a steep incline the theatres of Sydney are bowling merrily along, only they, unlike the stout individual that forms the simile, are steadily going, not downward, but straight ahead, helped forward by the generous support of the publio, which iB ever ready with its currency to support a .good thing in shows. Now that the rush and scuffle of the holiday season is over, or nearly so, managers may settle to watch steadily the progress of their respective entertainments, and in the next few weeks to come we shall be able to observo how tho various selections made by them as Christmas attractions are likely to fulfil expectations, For our own part, we shall vie w w ith interest the contest for patronage, especially as all the bills are offering such excellent valne. . "Sufficient for the day," however, and as there are plenty of people to keep yon all going just now,, gentlemen, there is no need to meet less palmy days and thinner houses half way, so, in old familiar way, "Hero's Luok." What new to say of " Hands Across the Sea" we scarcely know, and : yet. 'each time we view from crowded auditorium the swiftly changing scenes of this latest sensation we like tho work better. Some have cavilled at the improbalities of the piece, but quote us the melodrama that ie innocent of them. The most powerful and striking situations are generally tho most improbable oneB, and if the scene iB skil fully worked out, to ub, at least, improba bility is forgotten, and the art of the actor remains uppermost in onr experience. The most successful line of the night is in nine cases out of ten that, for instance, of the virtuous policeman who sayB to the homeless urchin, with a shake in his bari tone, " 'Ere, mo boy; oive only got tup pence, but begorra it's yours." Is that very probable? And yet the improba bility is always forgotten in admiration of the sentiment,. We must, however, toko exception to one incident in the last act- viz,, that in which the French convict is permitted to smoke whilst in custody of the water police. In reply to inquiries at proper qnarters, we have been in formed that no such indulgence wonld be allowed; so if you would have everything as faithful as your picture of the Circular Quay, Mr. Stage- Manager, it would be well to cut the cigarette out. And the picture of Circular Quay is faithful— so wonderfully so, that gazing upon it we involuntarily localise aloud the old Scotch saying, "Sweet Edinbro' a'- smell th' noo." ; With all vigour of the. period of man's life firom which it takes its title, " Youth," at Her Majesty's, is going well and strong, and, moreover, bids fair to draw crowded business for many a week to ' come. The many characters in the play are capitally sustained by the members of Mr. Bignold's company, commencing with the lead down to the fourth Arab. We desire to extend to Mrs. Rignold onr con gratulations on her skilful handling of the Eart of Willie 8pratley, and in tho trim nilt soldier we should certainly never recognise the portly Mrs. Jarvis of a few weeks back. Of Mies Kate Bishop .wo have already spoken in commendation, and of Miss Fits coy's appearance as -Eve we. have nothing but the most pleasant recollections. When we think of poor Stirling Whyte. wo write with dimmed eyes. He is always cast for unhealthy parts. One week ho is chucked into a tank, and next ho gotson a wall to tell the boys something, and a coffee-coloured hoodlum makes a ghost of him from behind a rock. Don't get on the wall any more, White ; say what you have to say behind the wall; it is a deal safer for you, if not for the piece. The Arabs in the battle act are, wo understand, good; we bavo never bcou them, ou j account of the smoko, although one night we caught a glimpse of something in white pants and a tarban, and wo gave informa tion to the polioe, thinking it was . something which had escaped from a P. and O. boat. But we don't know much about Arabs anyhow, so we gave in when Mac told us it was a Shoik. Two minutes later we saw tho Sheik emerging from the stave door, and overheard him romark to a pal Sheik, " Gor bloomy, ain't it 'ot ?" With which' query, in Watorloo Arabie, our child of the desert vanished into a pub, and left us disheartened at tho disappoint ing unreality of stage representations. To jndge by present indications, it would certainly seem as if in " Hana, tbe Boat man" Messrs. B.and B. had struck just as profitable a speo ob when on that lucky evening they first put up the "Pnvato Secretary." One faot must be chronicled, namely, that tho firm men tioned is perfectly consistent in placing -beforo its patrons staff of tbe vory best quality, with people to interpetet it oi quite the highest standard. The result of this is that Criterion audieuuei.have been ted and pampered into such a state of fastidiousness that only the most deficits morsels will go down with thorn, and the least deterioration in quality of the fare must result in an immediate falling off in the houses. And so when we view nightly the well-filled auditorium, the attentive audience, and the applauding house, wo feel that the opinion wo hold of the pioco at present being played is rc-echoed by the public of the city. Such being the case, little wonder that all round gratifica tion prevails, that a permanent. smile is upon the face of Magee, and that Arnold pronounces this a dandy country. Good dog! We now find it necessary to work in a good old stock phtaBe and remark that oa Tuesday evening Mr. Miln closed his season, "during which the patronage bestowed was not at all commensurate with the merits of tho entertainments pro vided." Seriously the Beason was, to put it mildly, somewhat chilly, but as we know tho futility of trying to cram an obBtinate public with an entertainment they clearly show jthey don't want, we will drop a silent tear of regret, and with a word of sympathy to the elever actor and one of pity to thoBe who could not appreciate him, we pass from an unfortunate past to the promises of the future. | JLast night Mr. Frank Lincoln had a real good house, the performance being under the patronage and in the presence of U.S. Consul Griffin and hiB party. The American residents flocktfd round last night, and most of the prominent men were present also. There will he found announced in our advertising columns the fact that the well-known impressario, Mr. Martin Simonson, will commence a Beason of opera (English and Italian) at tho Opera House, King-street, on Saturday, January 12, bringing with him an entirely new com pany of 85 persons all told. The initial performance' will be Verdi's II Trovatore. The Opera House is now in coarse of reno vation and re-decsration, and this, coupled ' with the . faot that the company is very strong in all departments, and that there will be no advance in the prices, shonld enBure a successful season. We have already bestowed much of our sweetness upon Mr. Frank Smith's Christ mas attraction at the Alhambra, and we shall never forget our experience upon the first night of its pro duction, when we tried to catch a glimpse of the show. The crowds which struggled and used English in an eager rush to gain admission on that evening do not seem to have fallen away by even a single individual, and the phenomenal success which marked the opening night of "Jock Ye Larrikin" stands undiminished and unfaded. Not to be squeezed oat by \- competing rivals, tbe Alhambra manage ment have determined to give a matinee this afternoon, and at 2.30 sharp tbo curtain will rise on "Jack ye Larrikin," upon which occasion prices will be— Auditorium Is, gallery 6d. To-morrow afternoon, the weekly concert will be given in the pavilion at Botany, and what we have always hold, we desire . to emphatically reiterate, namely, that Botany holds out opportunities for spending a delightful Sabbath afternoon. In the evening the regular sacred and classical concert will be held at the \- Alhambra, and those who know the quality of tho entertainment provided by Mr. Smith will not lose an opportunity of on- joying, for an hour or. so, the exceliont music which his company provides. IV orld's Circus is proving the big 8ucc3n it deserves at the Elite Kink, and a unanimous verdict of approval is nightly (and now and then in the afternooo) given by an appreciative public, who know just exactly how to judge between the real metal of worth and the dross of third-rata shows. The programme prepared for this evening is even more irenerouB than any of its pre decessors, whioh goes to Bhow that wisdom abides with the management, and, there- ' fore, may success be reasonably expected to crown the efforts of the promoters. This afternoon the nsual matinee perform- ' anoe will be given, when prices calculated to tempt even the most economical will rule. That great old favourite act, that nsed to make us crow with excitement when we were rising six, " Dick Turpin's ride te York," is in course of preparation. The beautiful Aquarium at Bondi will be in full swing this afternoon, when, for the benefit of his visitors, Mr. Monty Brown has aa excellent batch of novel ties in store. If there were no indoor entertainment, Barely the beau tiful glen, with its charming pic- tnreBque points, nooks, and cliffs, where the fresh breeze comes untainted from the broad Focifis, would offer strong induce ment to the town-worn citizen. But when you tire (if one can) of Nature's bounties that surround you without, you may try within, and there you will find amusement galore. The bill to day is large and . varied, mclnding Sylvo, the joggliat; Mabel Syl vester, the skatistand J.J.J.; and Ada, the specialist. There is an alligator (this is no whale) and several extensive sharks, be sides a hundred and ono other novelties. We know, for we have seen them our selves. 