V THE DEATH SHIP A STRANGE STORY ; jut account op a cruise in tiie flying dutchman, collected from the papers of THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FKNTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " The W reck of tho Grosvenor,' The Golden Hope," Ac., Ac. All Rights Reserved. CHAPETR XXXI.— (Continued.) I watched this business witu a sailors interest, wouderiug that so great a eliip as this —great, that is, for the age to which sho bolonged— shonld carry no more than two boats, stowed one in the other after the fashion of the north-couutry coastmeo Nor was I less impressed by the aged appearance of the boat wheu she was afloat. Sue had the look of a BUlff witk lier horns, only that those continua tions of her guuuel rail projected abaft as well as from tho bows. And when Van Yogelaar and three of the crew entered her, then, what with the faded red of her inuer akin, tho wide, red blades of tho short oars, the soulless movements of the seamen, the hue of their faces, tbo feverish, unnatural shining of their oyos like sunshine show- lug through a cairngorm atone, their dried and corded hands, which wrapped tlio haudles of their oars like rugged parchment — the little but 'marvellous picture acted ns by tho waving of a magic wand, forcing timo back by a cen tury and a-half and driving shudders through tbo frame of a beholder with a sight whose ' actuality made it a hundredfold more atartliug and fearful than had it been a vision as un substantial as the Death Ship herself is mis- takculv supposed to be. The wrecK being within hailing distance, the boat was soon alongside her. The hoavy rolling of tbc hull and tbo sharp rise and fall of tbe bout would have made any human sailor mightily warr in his boarding of the vessel; but it ever thero was an cndcvilled wretch among the phantom's crow Van Yogelaar wa3 he. The liond m him stayed at nothing. The instant the boat had closed tho wreck the fellow leaped, and he wns on deck and walking towards the figure at tho wheel, whilst the others— that is to say, two of them — were wait ing for the hull to swing down for them to follow. File mate went up to the figure and seemed to address him; then receiving no reply, he felt hia face, touched his hands and pulled to get that amazing grip relaxed, but to no purpose. Tho others now joining hiin, they ail stared into tho figure's face; one lifting an eyelid and peering into the eye, another putting his ear to the liguro's mouth. Van Yogelaar then came to the side and shouted iu his harsh and rusty voice that it was a dead man. Vanderdcckcn imperiously waved his hand ana cried, " Fall to exploring her 1" and motioned significantly to the sky, as if ho would have the mate misgive the weather, though there was no change in tbe aspect of the pearly wreaths and glistening beds of vapor, and the draught was still a gontlo breeze. "Dead!" i whispered to Imogeue; 'yct I feared it." I noticed Vanderdccken looking at tbe body. There was deep thought in bis imperious, menacing expression, with a shadow of misery that his fierce and glittering eyes did but appear to coarsen and barshen tbe gloom of; and I wondered to myself if ever moments camo when perception of his condi tion was permitted to him, for it truly appeared as though there wero a hint of some such thiug in him now whilst be gazed at the convulsive figure at the wheel— as if, Jesus havo mercy Upon him ! — the sight of the dead filled his own deadly flesh with poignant and enraging yearn ings, the meanings of which his unholy vitality was unable to interpret. Whoa Van Vogelaar had spent abont half- an-honr on the wreck ho and the others dropped over tbe aide ino tho boat and made tor uc. Wo had scarce "shifted our position, for the courses being hauled up aud the top gallant sails lowered there was too littlo tsail abroad for the weak wind then blowing to give us drift, and tho swell that drove us towards the Wreck would also drive the wreck from us. The mate came over tbe side aud stepping up to the captain said, " Sho is an English ship, freighted with English manufacture ; X make oat bales of blanket, clothing and stores, which I imagine have been designed for troops." u What water is iu her ?" , "Seven and a quarter feet by her own rod." , "Her pump?" "She hath two— both shattered and useless," 1 "Does she continue to fill ?" " I believe not, sir ; I would not swear to it ; she rolls briskly, but," said he, sending his evil glance at the wreck, " it does not appear that ehe is Bunk deeper since we first made her out." "Yonder figure at the wheel is dead, you Bay ?" . "As truly dead a Briton as ever fell to a Dutchman's broadside." I exchanged a swift look with Imogene. " His eyes aro glassy ; his fingers clasp the spokes like hooks of steel. He must have died on a sudden— perhaps from lightning, from disease of some inward organ or from fear." Aud there wns the malice of the devil in the sneer that curled his ugly moutli ns he spoke, taking xue in with a roil of his sinister eyes.. . I watched hint coldly. Remonstrance or temper would have been as idle with this man nnd bis mates as pity to that unrcckiug heart of oak out there. "What is to be come at?" demanded Yanderdecken, with passionate abruptness. The other answered quickly, holding up one forefinger after anothor in a computative, tally ing way whilst bespoke, "The half-deck is freo of water, aud there I find flour, vinegar, treacle, tierces of beef, some barrels of pork, and five cases of this— which hath tbe smell of tobacco, and is no doubt that plant." Aud lie pulled out of bis ' pocket a stick of tobacco, such as is taken iu cases to sea to be sold to the crews. Yanderdecken smelt it. "'Tis undeniably tobacco," said he, " but how used?" His eye met mine. I took the hint, and said.: "To be chewed, it is bitten ; to be smoked, it has to be flaked with a knife— tlms? mynheer." And I imitated the action of cutting it. Some of the crew bad collected on the quarter-deck to hear the muto's report, and seeing the tobacco in the captain's hand, and observing my gestures, one of them cried out that if it was ' like the to bacco tho Englishman bad shown them how to use, 'twas rare smoking. Whether Vander- decken had heard of my visit to the forecastle X do not know. He seemed not to hear tho sailor's exclamation, saying to me, "Yes, mynheer, I see the convenience of such tablets ; they bold much aud are easily flaked." Aud then, sweeping the Sea und skies with his eyes, he cried, "Got the othor boat over ; take a working party in ber and leave them aboard to break out the cargo. The smaller boat will tow her to uud fro. .Areata, you will have charge of the working party— you, Van Vogelaar, will bring off the goods and superintend tho tranship ments. Away, now 1 There is stuff enough there to fill the hollowest cheek with fatjand to sweeten the howl of a gale iuto melody Away, then!" There was excitement in his words, but none .in bis rich aud thnnderous voice, nor in his j manner; and though there seemed a sort of ' bustle in tho way the men went to work to hoist out the large boat, it was the very ghost of hurry, as unlike tho hearty leaping of sailors fired with expectation as are the twitchings of electrified muscles to tbe motions of lmle limbs controlled by healthy intellect, Yet, to a mariner, What could surpass tho interest of such a scono ? As I leaued against the bulwark with Imogeue, watching tho little boat towing the big one over tho swell, with bow a. lifting that put the leaning, tolling » figures of the rowers clear against tho delicate, vaporous filui over tho sky at the horizon, tbo, red blndos of the oars glisten- Ing like rubies as they flashed out of the water, and the white heads of the little Surges which wrinkled tho liquid folds melting all about the boats' into creaming silver, radiant With salt rainbows and prismatic glories ; and Row a sinking that plunged them out of sight in a hollow passed tho round, dark-blue back, eff whoso Blunt our ancient fabric bad just now rolled. I said to my doar ono, " Here is a eight I would not have missed for a quintal of tho silver boloTr. X am actually witnessing the manner iu which this doomed vessel feeds and clothes herself, and how her crew replenish their stores and provide against decay and diminution. What man would credit ithia thing ? Who would believe that the Curse .Which pronounced this ship imperishable "fcbould also hold her upon tbe vergo of what is natural, sentencing her to a hideous imraor- 'tality, and at tho same time compelling the crew to labor as if her and their life was the : same as that of other crews, In other ships." "If , thoy know their doom thoy would not toil," she answered : "they would seek death by famine or thirst/or end their horrible lot by sinking the ship and drowning with her." . r "How far away from the dread reality is , the world's imagination of this ship, and tho j situation of her peoplo?" cried I. " She 'has f been pictured as rising out of the waves, as sailing among tbe clouds, as being perpetually attended by heavy black storms, and thunder claps and blasts of lightning 1 Here is tho reality — as sheer a piece 'of proao at first sight as any salvage job, but holding in the very heart of its simplicity so mighty, so complicated, so unparalleled a won der, 'that oven when I speak to you about it, Imogene, and suffer my mind to dwell on it, my mind grows uutnb with a dread that reason has , quitted her throne, and left me fit only for a madhouse I" You tremble !' she whispered softly ; "nay, you think too closely of what you are passing through. Let your knowledge that this expe rience U real rob it of its terror. Are we not f virroundsd with wonders which . too much ibo-ight. will mako affrighting? That glorious >;un ; what feed his flaming disc? Why shonld the noon Rhine like crystal when her soil per- chance is like that of our own world, which ;«»po gleams as silver does though it Is mere drat ami mould and unreflecting ashes? Think of tiio miracles we arc to ourselves and to one aunthcr I" 141)6 preyed my'huh.3 and pleaded, reproved audtmLted upon mo with hvr eras. Was she some fiugelic spirit that had lighted by ohauco on this Death Ship, and held it company for very pity of the misery and hopelessness of tho sailors' doom ? But there wns a huuum passion and tenderness in bor face that would have been weakness iu a glorified spirit. Oh, indeed, sho wns il«sh and blood as I was, with warm lips foV kissing and breasts of cream as a pillow for love, aud goideu hair too aromatic for phantasy 1 CHAPTER XXXTX — The Dutchmen Ob tain Refreshments. Abovo an hour passed before the big boat, deeply laden, was towed bjr tho littlo one from tho vrcck. Of what a proportion of her freight was composed I could not tell, much .of it beiug in parcels and cpaks. They had made sure of the tobacco by bring ing away, at once, all that they could find. I observed n number of bams stitched np in canvas, aud some sacks of potatoes, two bags of whicli were lost by tbo bottoms busting whilst they were being Hoisted, on which Van Vogelaar, broke into several terrible oaths in Dutch, though 'twas like a dramatic rehearsal of a ranting aud bullying scone, forVnndcr- decken took no notice, and the men weut on hoisting and lowering away in the old phlegm atic mechanic fashion as though tiny were deaf. There' were likewise other kinds of provisions, of which I need not tcaso you with the particulars. I believe that all tho loading of the boat— in this her first trip, I mean — consisted of articles of food ; for some of the parceta which puzzled me proved to contain cheeses, and the others might therefore as woll represent stores of a like kind. "Is it their custom to bring away the provi sions first?" I asked Imogens. "As a rule," she answered, " thoy take what ever comes to lnmd — that is, if the. articles ho such as may be of use. What they chiefly secure as soon as' possible is tobacco ami spirits; then provisions and clothing; and then any treasure they may come across, aud afterwards any portion of the cargo thoy may fancy that is light to handle, such as silks, pottery and so forth." "But they canuot take very much," said I, "or a few meetings of this kind would sink their ship for them with overloading," "There are many of us," she replied, "and the provisions they bring away do not last very long. Tiio pottery tlicy use. and it is soon broken. Silk atul such materials as they bring are light ; and then, my dear, th,ey do not meet wrecks every day, uor of the wrecks they meet may you count one in five that yields enough to sink this ship by a foot." "I am heartily sorry," said I, " that they should find so much to eat aboard yotulor hulk. With so goodly a store of provisions, Vander dccken will not require to ruu into the land to shoot; and until rhia ship brings up I see no chance for ourselves." She sighed and looked sadly into the water, insomuch that sho suggested an emotion of hopelessness ; but in an instant she flashed out of her expression of melancholy weariness into a smile and gavo 1110 the deep perfections of her violet eyes to look into, as if she knew their power over me and shaped their shining influence for my comfort aud courage. When the boat was discharged of her freight, the men's dinner was passed over the side for tho fellows to cat in snatches, working tbe while to save time. The wind lomainod weak and quiet, but it was inevitable that tbe hamper we showed aloft should give us a drift beyond the send of the swell ; and to remedy this, Yanderdecken clewed up bis topsails aud took in all his canvis, leaving hl3 ship to tumble under baro poles, and by this means he rendered tbe drift of (he vessel down upon the wreck extremely sluggish and scarcely perceptible. All day long the big boat was towed to and fro, making many journeys and regularly put ting off from the" wreck very deep with freight. Yanderdecken nto his dinner on deck. You would havo found it hard to reconcile any theory of common human passions, such as cupidity, rapacity aud the like, with his bloodless face and graveyard aspect ; and yet it was impossible to mistake the stirring of the true Dutch instincts of the patient but resolved greed in the air he carried whilst he waited for the return of the boat, in his frequeut levelling of the telescope at the wreck as one who doubted his people and kept a sharp eye on them, in the eagerness his postnre indicated as he hung over the rail watching tho stuff as it was banded up or s\vaved by yardarm tackles over the side, and the flerce peremptori- ness of the questions he put to Yan Yogelaar as to what he had there, how much more re mained anu so on, though nothing that the mate answered, satisfactory as must have been the account he gave, softened the captain's habitual savageness or in any dcgg.ee humauised him. Of the majesty of liis deport ment I have spoken ; likewise of tho thrilliug richness of his" voice, the pierciug fire of hia fine eves and of hie mica and bearing, so haughtily stately in all respects as to mako -one think of him, after a pagan fashion, ns of some god falleu from His high estate; but for all that lie was a Dutchman at heart, dead- alive as he was, as true to his Holland extrac tion in 179Gas he had been 160 years earlier, when he .was trading to Batavia and nimbly getting money, and saving it, too, with as sure a band as was ever swung in Amsterdam. The threads and liues and beds of vnpor ex tending all over the sky served to reverberate the glory of tho sunset, as tho crags and peaks of mouutnins fling onwards the echoes of the thunderclap. Iu tho east it waa all jasper and sapphire, reds and greens, and a lovely clear blue slowly burniug to a cornelian in the zenith, where the effulgence lay iu a pool of deep red with a hazo of light liko fine raiu floating down upon it, half white, half of silver; then followed a jacinthiue hue, a lust rous red most daintily delicate, with streaks of clear green like the beryl, till the eyo camo to the west, where the bud, vastly enlarged by rofraction, lmng iu enormous bulk of golden fiery magnificenco amid half- curtnincd pavilions of living splendor, where 'twas like looking at some newly wrought fairy world robed iu the shinings of the Heaven of Christ to see the lakea and lagoons of amber, purple and yellow, the seas of molten gold, the starry flamings in the chry solite brows of vapor, and the sky fading out north and south iu lights and tints as fair ns the reflections iu the wet pearly Interior of a seashell gaping on a beach towards the setting sun. The small swell traversing tho great red light that wns upon the sea put lines of flowing glory under the tapestries of that sunset, and the appearance was that of au eager shouldering of the effulgence Into the grey of the south quarter, us though old Nep tune sought to honorably distribute the glory nil around, and render tho western seaboard ambient. Then it was, while tbe lower limb of tho luminary yet sipped from tho horizon the gold of his own Bbowcring, that tho picture of the wreck, and tho Death Ship heaving pale and stripped of her canvas, became tho wonder that my memory must for ever find It. How steadfastly the dead seaman at the whocl kept watch I The quieted sea now scarce stirred tho rudder, and the occasional light movements of tho figure seemed like starts in him, motions of surprise at the Dutchmen's ant-like per- tinaciounesa in their stripping of tho bull. And thoy ? In that many-colored western blaze they partook more of tbe character of corpses, In those faces of tbelrs which Btarcd our way or glimmered - for a breath or two over the bulwarks, thau ever I had found visible in them by moonlight or lamplight or tho chilling dimness of a stormy dawn.. Tho sun vanished and the pale groy of evening stole like a curtain drawn by spirit-hands out of the eastern sea' and over tho waning glories of tho skies, with a star or two glittering in Its skirts ; and the wind from the north blew with a sudden weight and a long moaning, making the sea wbenco it camo ashen with gtishings of foam which ran into a color of thin blood on passiug tbo confines of the western reflection. Vaudordcckon, seizing his trumpet, sent a loud command through it to tho wreck ; but the twilight was a mere windy glimmering under the stars, whioh shone very brightly among the high small clouds by the timo the bouts had shoved clear of tho hull and were heading for us, and the night had come down dark, spite of the stars and tho silver paring of moon, ere the last fragment of the freight of rope, sail aud raffle from tbo wreck had been passed over the side from the big boat. It grew into a wild scene tboa ; tho light of the lantern- candles dimly throwing out the bleached faces and dark figures of tho seamen as they hoisted tbe boats aud stowed thom one inside tlio other, the ship rolling on tho swell that had again risen very suddenly as though some mighty hand were striving to press it down and so forcing tho fluid surface into larger volumes, the heads of the seas frothing Bpectrally as th6y coursed, arching and splash ing out of ths further dqrknoss, tho eastering slip of moon fflidiug like a sheering scythe among the networks of the shrouds and gear, and nothing to be . beard but the angry sobbing of the . waters beating themselves into hissing foam against the ship's side, and the multitudinous crying, as of a distant but piercing choruasiug of many women and boys, of the freshening wind flying damp through the rigging.. It had been a busy day, it was still a busy time ; but never throughout tho hours, if Isavo the occasional cursing of the mato, the captain's few questions, his command trumpeted to the wreck, my talk with Imogene, had human voico heeu heard. It was not so noticeable a thing, this silence of tho ghostly crow, iu the broad blaze of sunshiuo and ntnid an exhibition of labor that was like sound to the eye, as now, in tbe dnrkness with the wind freshening, sail to bo made and much to be done — much of tho 'kind that forces merchant seamen into singing out and bawling as thoy drag and pull and jump aloft. Tho wreck was n mere lump of blackness tumbling out to windward upon the dusky frothing welter, and I thought of the dead nentiucl at the helm. What in tho name of the saints was thero in that figure to put into tho sea the enormous solitude 1 found in the vast surface glimmering to where it melted in shadow against the low stars ? What was there in that poor corpse to fling a hleuk- nesa into the -nisht wind, to draw an echo ns | chilling aa a madman's cry out of Dim gusty '.moaning aloft/ to -sudden tho very . starbenms into dull and spectral twinklings? The canvas shook as the silent sailors sheeted it home and voicclcssly mastheaded tbe yards. At three bolis in the first watch tho Death Ship bad been woro to bring ber starboard tacks aboard, and under all the canvas she had she was leaning before a small gale with her head to the southward and westward, her sides and decks alive with the twistiiigs of tho mystic fires which darkness kindled in her ancient timbers, and her rouud wcathorbow driving the rude black surge back into boiling whiteness. (To be continued.) 