SAD ACCIDENT KEffi ELMQRE. TWO YOUNG TIAUIESA>ROWNED. Great consternation jras caused in Sandhurst on 13th inst. by the receipt of a telegram from Senior-constable Salts,''at Elmore, who stated that three ladies, members of the Sandhurst Liedertafel, had been drowned. The circum- 8tantta4_hatute of-tbe tele goatu,T»n bjoed "with the fact that it was known that ihe plain lands were flooded, caused the hews fo be Vccep'ted as correct. Superintendent RyaTl', immediately on receipt of the information, gave.instructions for the various troopers in the district to proceed to Runnymede to assist in the search for the bodies. A number of members of the Sandhurst Liedertafel proceeded to Elmore by a four-horsed coach to assist at a concert in that township, and it was supposed that the disaster had occurred on the return journey. Amongst the nameB mentioned of those drowned was. Mies O'Flaherty,- daughter of Sub-inspector O'Flaherty, and that officer was of course terribly upBet at the news. He immediately started for-Elmore, and- telegrams were sent after htm announcing that the report was untrue. The untruth of the report was proved, by the arr;yaLjof ,the coach in Sandhurst ; with' all the passengers -in grtod health and spirits. At first it was believed that a cruel hoax had been perpetrated, but further information showed that a tragedy had occurred in tbe district, which led to the misunderstanding. A buggy "and a pair of horses conveying Father Lawler, of Sandhurst; Miss Ga'.viu, the Catholic school teacher'at Barnedown; Mi6S Powell, of Barnedown ; and a boy named Rourke, set out from Elmore at about 4 o'clock, and'on reaching the Mount Pleasant Creek, near Old Runnymede, they missed tbe oridge in the darkness, and plunged .into the stream. The creek was swollen with the flood water from the water-sheds of Mount Pleasant, Mount Camel, and Mount Ida; the buggy was capsized, and the occupants were thrown into the stream. The two young ladies - were drowned, ~ but Father Lawler and the lad were saved after clinging to a sapling for several hours. Tbey were discovered by a boy employed on Mr. Yahland's farm, and were rescued by means ot ropes. The horses and buggy were swept away. Miss Galvin's mother resides in M'Crae-strett, Sandhurst, and she had a fit on hearing of the disaster. Father Lawler was proceeding to Muskerry to see a Mr. Sharkey, who was seriously ill, when tbe accident occurred. The body of Miss Galvin was subsequently found in the Mount Creek, about 20u yards below the spot where the accident occurred. Archdeacon Paley gave up the ghost, May 25, 1805, at the age of 62. His principal wcrks are :—" Elements ot Moral and Political Philosophy," " Hoiae Paulinas," "Evidences of Christianity," and "Natural ... The ology," " They have been several times answered, but never refuted." That's what that shrewd biographer aaya, 