DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) One of the most beautiful ceremonies in the church—the profession of a nun— took place in St. Alpine's Church, Ballarat East, opposite the Convent of Mercy, on Wednesday, 16th instant; upon which occasion Sister Mary Magdalen (daughter of Mr. James Ryan, Wallace), Sister Mary Gertrude and Sister Mary Liguori (cousins, daughters respectively of Mr. Patk. Ryan and Mr. John Ryan, Gordon), received the dark penitential veil of the Sisters of Mercy. The altar was decorated with evergreens and flowers. The Bishop and a large number of priests including Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Monsignor O'Dowd, V.G., Very Rev. Fr. Reffe (president of the Holy Ghost College), Fr. Plunket, C.S.S.R., Revs. J. Rogers, J. J. Cleary, Dr. Delany, J. Kissane, H. Cleary, Carey, Devane (Smythesdale), O'Brien (Gordon), Boyle (Gordon), and J. Shine (Casterton) were present. A large number also assembled in the church besides the parents and friends of the nuns professed. Previous to the ceremony, Mass was celebrated by the Bishop, assisted by Revs. J. J. Cleary and J. Kissane, Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament being given im- mediately afterwards. The ceremony was performed by his Lordship, assisted by Fr. J. J. Cleary. The Rev. Henry Cleary preached a beautiful and touching sermon on the occasion. The parents and friends of the nuns professed were afterward invited to the convent, where they partook of some light refreshments supplied by the nuns. Fr. Kissane, who recently has had charge of Dunnstown and Navigators, has been appointed by the Bishop to assist Fr. Scanlon in the important mis- sion of St. Arnaud. The rev. gentle- man, while in Ballarat, endeared himself to those among whom he ministered by his seal in the discharge of his sacred duties and his kindliness of disposition. He who evinced a deep interest in the success of the schools of which he had charge. It was announced by Fr. Cleary (the spiritual director), at the meeting of the men's branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family held on Monday last, that there would be no meeting on the fol- lowing Monday in consequence of the retreat for the women to be conducted by the Redemporist Fathers, which will commence in the Cathedral on Sunday, the 27th inst., and will be continued during the following week. The devotions of the "Stations of the Cross " afterwards took place, Fr. Cleary officiating. A meeting of the executive committed re the Redemptorist Monastery was afterwards held in the Catholic library; Mr. John Casey in the chair. A number of subscriptions having been handed in, the meeting adjourned. The usual meeting of St. Patrick's Temperance Sodality was held on Wednesday, the 16th inst.; Mr. Samon (vice- president) in the chair. There was a good attendance. The chairman, after making a few apposite remarks upon the evil effects produced by indulgence in strong drink, and the enormous amount of crime resulting therefrom, called the members' attention to the advantages attached to the medical benefit branch in connection with the society. He also drew attention to the excursion to Queenscliff on the 23rd inst. by the Christian Doctrine Society, which he hoped would be well attended. After a number of songs and recitations had been given by the members, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. 