THE REPROACH OF ANNfiSLEY. BY MAX. WELL GRAY, ' Author of " The Silence of Deak Mait- iiAND," ac. PART IV. CHAPTER IV. conflict. biDjrs masoning could not quiet tbe fever in Alice's breast. Tbe words Edward Annes-, ley bad used on the fatal afternoon wbon ho implored Gorvase's silence rang in ber enrs and would ring (or ever, and tbe edelweiss she bad seen in his bat wns always bearing witness against him. Tlow conld tho cousins bare exchanged hats '! ond why did Edward remove tbe edelweiss as soon as be perceived it ? The only solution was that be had had some part in the accident, involving the temporary loss of bis own hat as well ns of Paul's and had taken Paul's by mistake. It was still possible that Edward's part in tho accident was innocent or nt least unintentional ; Paul might have been the aggressor ; but if Edward's part was in nocent, why did ho conceal it? Ah I why? was the weary harden of the perpetual strife withia her. Few things were more hateful to Alice in tho proud purity of ber own transparent truthful ness than anything nproaching to deceit. It was painful to her to have to withhold the most in nocent truth. She could not conceive, in tho noble simplicity iof her nature, that an honorablo man conld be ashamed to publish any incident in his life. She could not respect a man with any such concealment. Vet she loved him ; she . would willingly have yielded up her life if she could but see the veil lifted and Edward's honor and integrity shining clear and unsullied behind it. There was no rest for her that night ; she knew that a worse conflict than any she bad yet endured must he struggled through before dawn. She said her usual prayers mechanically, she could not drive the one subject from her thoughts and then she sent up that inarticulate cry for help, Which the soul utters in its ex tremity and which is more eloquent, or at. least more earnest, than any syllabled prayer. Tho moon had risen and the night was warm and still. Alice wanted air, tbe anguish within her bid fair to stifle her. She extinguished her lights and sat by tbe open lattice, gazing out into the vast calm night, wrestling inwardly, half in pray or, half in thought. Sibyl camo back on some trivial errand and saw ber sitting there, pale and statuosqne, shrouded from head to foot in a luminous veil of moon beams, her head resting on her hand, her gaze directed to the palo pure sky, which was stnddcd with celestial watch-Ares made faint by ibo white moonlight. The girls knew. ouch othor's moods and Sibyl withdrew, aware that it was useless to say anything. Her heart ached for Alice ; |ho carried the picture of tho still and Buffering figure traced upon the night's faint darkness, and etheroalised by the fairy web of white rays woven nbont her, into tho perplexed wonderland of her own fan tastic droams. Over and oTer again did Alice argne tho case for tho prosecution and that for the defence with varying but always unsatisfactory verdict. What steeled ber heart most against Edward was the fact of his enjoying Paul's inheritance. If some angry or accidental violence on his part had caused his consin's death, surely ho might reuonnce the fruits of that death, he might make over the property to his next brother, at least. Bat no, he enjoyed tho land without apparent remorse, and now he wished to take the lady as well. If he came to her penitent and unhappy Bho would gladly throw in ber lot with his, loyally sharing the burden and tbe bitterness and helping him retrieve tho past. Even now there were moments when nor heart so yearned over him that she felt that lovo must bo paramount to everything— sho must close hor eyes on what sho was not sup posed to know, and make tho best of what re mained of his stained life, trusting him with the large generous trust he had asked of her, and evoking the bettor soul iu the man who, as Bbe know, loved her deeply. As his wife he would perhaps confide iu her, and she would help bim make such atonemout as was possible, loyally sharing his reproach. Bat then the horror of this secret rnslied npon her soul, and she felt that to marry one to whom she imputed things so dark, would he to share in his sin : such a union could never be blessed of Heaven or bring any happiness to either of them. She thought of children who would inherit a curse, and to whom she would foar to speak of their father's life. Sho saw darkness stand ing lor ever between tbem, an impassable bar rier ; ehe sow the years passing on and making the confession harder and harder. She thought of Paul's desolate mother, childless in hor lonely old age, bereft of the ono son sho had so pas sionately loved, and ia him of all tho joy of her widowed life. It would bo treason to her to liok ber lot with Edwnrd's. Sbo had been much with Mrs. Annesley of late, and tho desolate woman had grown very dear to Alice's filial heart. She never repeated iter first accusation of her nephew to Alice, bnt ber silence with regard to him was terriblv eloquent. She cltiDg to Alice and to no one" else, and besought her not to loavo her ; Bho u'as the only comfort left her, she told her again and again. After all, Edward had enough withont her ; he had youth, health aud friends, and tho wealth and position that would in time attract more : for, no doubt, as he said, he would livo 'these slanders down. . He might indeed have such pangs of conscience n9 would take the lustre ontjof the very sunlight. Yet when his face rossabefore her in all the reproach of its earnest honest love, as she had seen it in the garden that night, sho conld not attribute any wrong to bun. Then recurred the old monotonous burden, why, why did he conceal anything ? Surely if he sought Iter as his wife, he owed it to her to keep hack nothing of his past; to demand that large generous trust was an insult. No ; with that, reserve ho could not love her truly and trustfully. The world's verdict was nothing if she could but strangle the serpent of doubt which gnawed so inces- sently upon her heart. She looked down into tbe quiet garden where they bad walked in tlio evening dews, when ho told her the old tale that every woman loves to hear and yearns to respoud to; she thought of his coming on that early spring day when sho sat among her flowers and looked up nnd loved him aud felt that he loved her, before there was time to reflect. She know that she must love hitu for ever nnd ever, aud that without him sho couid know nothing of tlio joy and beauty of life. She could not give him up, Bho was too weal: ; it seemed as if her frail being must be rent asunder iu tho struggle. Bo sho thought, over aud over again, praying for guidance, while the hours went on. Presently she saw the pencil of rays which streamed from Gorvase's chamber window, showing ho was busy within, vanish, ami she knew that all the house was asleep nnd silent as death. The tall eight-day clock ticked loudly in its oaken ease in the hall, like n living pulse of family life ; it chimed hour after hour ia its friendly familiar voice ; sho remembered how she hud listened to it in the silence of the first forlorn night sho passed, a friendless child, beneath tho roof which had since sheltered her so wttrmly. She thought of all their kindness, and tho little sbo had ever been able to do for them in return. Site remembered Gervase's love, which lie bad so generously conquered ; why could she not have loved htm ? She had taken Sybil's lover from hor, she had blighted Paul's life, she had brought she knew not what between the cousins, probably had been the cause of Paul's death ; why had she been made tho unwilling instrument of so much trouble ? Sbo would at least try to do well. Sho took counsel of the quiet night, tho deep serene silence-sank like balm into hor soul ; the palo puro stars spoke peace to her troubled breast. Tho shrouded moousliino slanted and glided gradually away from her window, leaving her in the soft shadows. Tho flowers slept in tho garden beneath ; frieudly Hubert slept his watchful dog-sleep at her door ; tho horses wore quiet in their stalls, the rattle of a baiter or the stamp of a hoof was too far off to be heard even through t hat throbbing silence ; tho cocks and hens were all still on their perches ; tho sheep and cattlo grazed so quietly in the distant meadows, they scarcely scorned to move ; a wind which woko and sighed through the balmy foliage of tho ncw-lcaved trees, died away ; tho nightingale's song had ceased suddenly long ago ; only tbe weird occasional creaking of furniture, tho rnstle of some night creature through tho grass and the strange rythmic long drawn breathing which vibrates through solitary nights, like sleeps self-mado audible, emphasised tho deep 6ilence, while the scout of the dewy earth and drenched grass, the sweotDess of the toll lilies, white in tho summer darkness, and all the fragrance of green and growiug thiuga tilled it with balm. Stars set, the moon bad glided ghost-like away behind the down, a cock crow, a fresh broeze awoke, a pale groyness stole into tho eastern sky and chilled tho sturs, and still Alice sat statue-like at tho open lattice, resolute to wrestle once for all to tho very death with tho question which so tortured her ; resolute also to decide once for all whether sho ought to accept or rofuso the only chance of hnppiness life offored her, whether it was her duty to give lifelong pniu or pleasure to one whose happiness was dearer to hor thau life. Her face grew sharp and pinched in tho grey pallor of tho early dawn ; for the inward struggle grew fiercer as the hours went on ; tho sweet, deep sileuce, which was so helpful to her, would soon ho broken by all tho voices of the woods and fields ; the sun would soon striko upon tho earth and dissipate tho friendly veil of darkness and lay hor trouble bare ; she must decido quickly. Doubt is 'the most dreadful torturo the sonl can endure, especially doubt of those wo love ; there were moments In that night of hitter coutliet when it would have been comparative happiness to Alico to have hor worst fears for Edward coulirmed. In that case she saw herself in Imagination at his side, in sorno vague way helping and healing him ; a seductive vision. Had no come to hor suffering, needing hor, she must hnvo takou him. To ho continued. 