NO ROBBERY. Mrs. Christie's was anything but an unpleasant house, and the people who were staying in it were anything but unpleasant. My preconceived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort; at the best it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacherously all about. So it was a welcome surprise to find the house so difierent from my anticipations. Mrs. Christie herself I knew but slightly. She was the widow of a mining engineer who had done good service to our family in my father's days. She had set up a boarding-house on Russel street, and when it happened that I had to go up to town to consult my old college friend Martou, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mothers request, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some misgivings about the wisdom of the step I was taking; but I thought that anyhow it would be a new experience ; and that was just what it Ji-1 prove to be eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army doctor and his d uighter, she being a damsel fair to look upon; two spinsters from Shropshire; a we6t country parson aud his wife; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew anything—save Mrs. Christie, and she not much— but whom every one allowed to be the most charming and delightful people they had met for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcot had travelled much, and were evidently well read, but they neither wearied one's ears with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no display, and though brilliant conversationalists, they were just the pliywaft kind of people in whose company you <xm!d ait without wanting to talk at all. He was a tell, sparely built man, well set up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier; she was hardly so distinguished looking as her husband, hardly so . handsome; her features just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth bad a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most attractive woman I had ever met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably extended my experience since those days when my mother guarded her fledgling from the attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But the most pleasing trait in this couple was that though so plainly devoted to one another, and satisbed with their own csmpany, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admiration; their nature seemed to have a sympa- thetic feeling that molded itself to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked them; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face; had it been the other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was painfully conscious that I now was not And xt must nave been out of pure good nature that (hey were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie—whether she kept her promise I don't know—that she should say nothing to her guests about Eamsbaw Hall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glories of a country house that women love. Hie only one who did not take kindly to them wasMaiton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our buiinM81 prevailed upon him to dine with mo at Mrs- dmstie'fi, and 1 remember iioting how everyone seemed to be at his or her best; eim Marion's severe features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the TnJwii gill, between whomand one of the Shropshire spinster* he was sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was 'setting him back,• as they say in the North, to his chambers, 'but— but-—' . .. ' But me no buts; what is wrong now P * Why, those people to whom you have taken so violently, the Walcots." -' What about them, Mr, Sensor?' ' They gave me en uncomfortable feeling; not that they look uncanny, bnt I am haunted by the ghost of some fordding reminiscence, as if I hadseen that woman's eyes before—and I am sure X have—hut when Or where I cannot recollect; and I am Wfcfafl — t it wa^lnrtpffB that qfimgtotno «rfl t ftyiqMpdiaf 'too hard .vrorfc 'Maybeyoua»-rigHt, : tKi£do^rou,too, met pinch of ^cantion in cementmg yoijr new Mend ship. Good-night' , « '' ' It ; A few evenings before t went home, as Walcot imd I were in* the smoking-room, X asked him if he would not faring Mrs. Walcot down to Earnshaw for a few days. It was ir the end of May, the May fly-fishing would __ on during -the next ten days, BO that here Would be something to do baaido seeing the oountiy, which was magnificent; there were* few show places far those who cored for them, and the season was in ita prime for drivesover the hills. I put forward all attractions of the nlace to induce him to come down ; 1 coold «« that Mia. Walcot could hit it off with my not too easily pleased mother, especially because bang married she eould not pooahiy be * eimt, «nd the man had plenty to talk about, yet never tired ot>e with talking of .himself. X was rather surprised then when he heei tated about accepting an invitation so unre- servedly giran. Why should be stammer, and. I thought, positively blush and hesitate about so simple a matter, eapecislly as at first he BoemodcagCTtocomBj for his face bad lighted up chesrilyjbat was obscunad directly afterward bgr a gloomy look, almost one of sadness. *n«re waa eatmha tone at distress in hi* Dice as he said, 'You Bravery kind. land _»y wife—I know I can fepeak for her—should groatiy Eke to «m* northward, hut ft is SSX^SL* — T h i s came with — warmthKM Edpinto d*nret *oa$tlb* invitation thin Bnm of conviction about ita * " ' Ifitermme further ctlastbs Said : *Yonara)n«ffly sofHaofflytbat St would he irhtir to be "wunnttiw 1 m3 wiiat wtowleen. ofjuu tn the past Wae3t frees ma from anydoubt that you will not let what I tall yon go farther than youraelf. • My wife, to whom, aa you know, I am devotedly attached, has a aad' affliction. Until her filnrms, two years ago, there was not a tzwe of what would now make her life an intolerable harden ware the not supported by oar strong mutual affection and confidence. After that illness she developed kleptomania. TUl then the mo6t scrupulously honest and perfectly exact woman I have ever known, she now has a strange passion for secreting, not anything and everything, but only jewellery; strangely Iter ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has surreptitiously removed. A few intimates only know of oar trouble, and, as they understand how things are, wc feel leas unhappy; still one is anxious, and this is why we have xaiher shrunk from accepting the many invitations we receive from the mends who, we believe, have a genuine regard for us.' • I think you might reckon me among them,' said I, 'and now that I know and am,so to speak, forewarned, why should you hesitate? I could tell my mother what you have told me before you come, unless'—seeing somethinj of a doubt in his face—' yon would rather didn't.' ' To tell the truth,' he said, after a pause, * if the knowledge could be confined to yourself I think it would be better. Possibly there may be no trouble while we are with you—I am assuming that yon would still be willing to have us—and then there would be no need to have thus bared our wounds.' ' Very well; if anything does happen we shall find it out, and you can send back whatever is taken, and then I can explain it all to my mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will be any the wiser. You see, too, that Mrs. Walcot need not know anything about my mother's jewels.' 1 Pray, are they very valuable or attractive ?' ' Both; and my mother is rathercareless, as I think, about these treasures, which cue chiefly diamonds: she will keep them in a cabinet iu her boudoir, the last plaoe, she sayB, where a burglar would search, if one could gSt in; the windows look ont on the cliff over the river and our sevante are trustworthy. She says she will not have them long, and we must indulge an old woman's whims. Still we will not parade them, or even speak of them at all, before Mis. Walcot ' Yes,' said he, looking relieved, ' that will be best; we wUl not let her know of their existence. Andnowth&tyouunderstandalllshaJl; be happy to bring my wife; only, by the way, don't breathe a word to madamc to intimate to hei that you know what I have just told you ; for, if she even suspected you knew, nothing on earth would induce her to come northward.* ' So be it. My molher will write—let me see, this is Tuesday—you'll get her invitation on Thursday, so that you can accept and come down, if it suits your convenience, on Saturday; then our arrangements will fit in.' III. A fesv leaves from my diary : ' Friday, May30th.—M.wrotetotheWalcots; marvellously cavil. Signed deeds. Iitinch with ilarton. Walcot cheery at dinner, evidently pleased with the prospect of visit; especially M. had not forgotten to invite '• Venus." ' Saturday, a 1st.—Down by 10.00 express. Wonder of wonders, M. at station with piebald ponies; but she takes marvellously to Mis. Walcot. Two days' rain. There'll be good water to-morrow, of course, when we mayn't fish. * Sunday, June 1.—Lively as usu :I, but take th-i Walcots uy the g'.en in the evening to my favourite spot. Mx. Walcot is enraptured with the place. ' Monday, 2nd.—Off in the drizzle to fish. Really a good day, thirty-four brace of trout. Walcot not half a bud hand. Have to leave the woman-kind at home; hope they won't get into mischief. ' Tuesday, 3rd—A reilly good day, fifty-three brace and thres sea-fish. M. drives Mrs. Walcot over the hili to see the mines. • Wednesday, 4th—Sessions. M. drives the WalcotB to U lies water. At dinner telegram for Walcot Says they, or at least he, must go early to-morrow. M. wants him to leave madame till Saturday. She consents, keeping Venus. The dog's useless as a guard; heard the beast snuffing in the corridor during the night ' Thursday, 5th—Venus rambling again; heard hsr wheu stable clock struck two. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning; teach Mrs. Walcot to fly fish in afternoon. 'Friday, 6th—Much as yesterday, but fish with Mrs. Walcot in morning. Drive after lunch. 'Saturday, 7th—See. Mrs. Walcot off at eleven. Dread/uUy du, ! l day. .Hope Martou anyhow won't disappoint me; he's sure to come as I asked him, now the Walcots have gone. »Sunday, 8th—As per usual; yet I survive. 'Monday, 9th—Here's a strange matter: Walcot writes that after all she did take my mother's diamonds; luckily he found it out immediately on her arrival, and has sent heavily insured by train from Leamington to Penrith to wait there, not wanting to attract attention at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size coming by post. Drive to Penrith, find parcel, mighty thankful to get diamonds, quietly replace in the cabinet. By greatest luck M. had never discovered their absence. 'By the way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about the diamonds? Walcot would not tell her, of course. Suppose she and the mater got talking, and they must have b?en exhibited one of those days we were fishing. Can't ask M.; most felt the her knowledge . . jossibly, didn't see them till he had gone, iowever, all's well that ends welL IV. Had all ended well? The night after Martou came tie made many inquiries, over our )ipes, about the Walcots, and still seemed to iave an unaccountable prejudice against them. It was no good to show now much my _ mother, also, thought of him, and how taking, yet simple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite warm in defence of my new friends, and for " ftoof positive told llarton in what a straight- : 'orwurd way Walcot had iuformed me of his wife's failing, and how quickly he hsd taken .' Jains to zemody what had happened. Martin \- istensd very yuietly to my arguments with his sphinx-like face, which, only as I concluded, relaxed into a grim smile almost more aggravating than his former impenetrability. 'What on earth makes you look like that r' X said, a trifle holty. ' Dear boy.' said Morton, dryly, 'If I told you you would only be more ongiy than you are now, eo what's the good V ' Nay, out with it. I know Fm inclined to champion my friends; but I should not, you may be sure, if I had not tlie fullest confidence in them.' 'That is " plain for all men to see," and you will be annoyed if Xspesk out, but I will risk that, for yonr wrath -will soon blow over. My thoughts come to this: I am not sure there is not something -wrong nboitt those diamonds.* Wrong! How oould there possibly be V I haven't analysed .the thing deariy yet. Hare yon examined ths nones carefully since yougotthem bafekf' •ToteUthe " ' Mrs. Walcot only mauy, the diamonds were bode on Monday. What could have gone wrong in that time f * Nothing m that time, certainly; •BnfcwhatP ; v. i •Don't be hasty. I was thinking Bythe-way, ban t£ow atones been seen by aa exes, not two months ago. Some fastening had come loose when we were up in London, and my mother took them to Boskell's; X was with her and remember what the man said of them. ' I'll ask one thing of you, then. Let us have those diamonds examined. If there is any you tnay ereryou like.* I otiUWt provoked with Marton, hot here waa a chance,;fnfleed a certainty, of proving Ins suspicions unfounded. iuid showing that even the astute Marton was not infallible, so I consented more readily than X should otherwise have done. « All right, but how are We to get them awav to be looked at without my mother's knowing f' * Bring* man om from Penrith or Carlisle ben Mrs. Easton is ont, and ostensibly for mm other purpose.' And this was what was dona. Th» man for whom I sent had more knowledge, as X knew, than most local jewellers, and was Mf«. Hit came the next afternoon, «uad, whilo my mother was paying a call, wnaninwl th* pnntte with Marton and myself. To ay unutterable oocfnahni and horror, ho pronounosd the sfextM no •tones at all, bnt paste, and wot -ray good paste, other. V. Morton did not laugh taow£ he wns too moth eoacemed about my ohwons distoees awl umoyance. To Snd «*»'» idol so utterly SUdwasaatamifagWow; )mt I had to arouse myadf, for there were NAWRA to be «MU sidexed. What on earth was to be done? The original stones were worth many thousands of pounds; I did not like that lost, bat tlie of my mother's trouble, when the truth became known, vexed me infinitely more. Anyhow,' said Martou at last,' let us keep it quiet for the present. I have no doubt Hr. Bawothome will say nothing about it to any- Bawsthorne, whom he had known for an, promised silence, and I am sure he spt his promise. After he had gone, Martou said: ' I don't know exactly what mane me suspicious, except the conviction that I've seem that woman before and in connection with something that wasn't straight Yon said there wasn't time to get those stones changed between the Saturday, the day Mrs. Walcot left Earnshaw, and the Monday wheu you got them back. But how, if it wasn't Mix. Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on the—which day did he eo? Wednesday?' * No ; on Thursday by an early train.' ' Well, if he took than on the Thursday, he could get them changed by the Saturday night; no doubt he had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach—Birmingham, most likely; he posted them, you said, in .Leamington.' ' But how could they have got the dia- monds?' X made one more struggle in my unwillingness to believe. * I don't think that they were ont of our sight at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinner, and at that time my mother would herself be dressing in the next room with the intervening door open; and when they went to bed' 'Ah! were they.in bed all night? Your bedroom is tlie next the boudoir; did yonr bear any one enter, or any noise ?' * Nothing; I sleep soundly—4y the way, ym, hat I md. X heard that wretched Venus snuffing about, and I told^Mrs. Walcotin the morning that Venus was not much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about so.' 1 What did she say?' ' Nothing that I remember.' ' Be sure he got hold of them then, and took the dog either to give warning, or to afford an excuse if he were found at that side of the house by saying the dog had slipped out and he had followed to find her. A pretty piece of work you will have to get them back. If you go at hi™ straight he will declare the stones are as bis wife brought them, and that you are not acting as a gentleman should—that is where he will have you—in suggesting that they have changed them. So often husbands have sold their wives' diamonds and substituted paste that he can easily insinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks, without the mater, your agent, your banker or any one being the wiser, cud he will say you have taken advantage of what he told yon as a trusted friend; he can mabi out a specious case, and a man of that stamp can invent other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Walcot stayed alone with you I think you said, from the Thursday till the Saturday. I suppose yon don't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only recover them r* ' Certainly, and twice as much for the thing ! never to have happened. I caahardly persuade ; myself even now that they could be guilty of such knavery.' Morton said no more, but laid hold of a Bradshaw, and despatched a telegram, the reply to which gave a plausible excuse for his going off the next morning, and since I was too uncomfortable to rest quietly at home, I said I would go with him for three^ or four days. But there was another thing to be done; take the trinkets with us we must, yet we could not take them without my mother's knowledge. Marten's readiness and decision solved the difficulty. He asked me to show him the jewels; he then deliberately snapped a bit of the setting. so that two of the stones were loosened. X stared in amazement, but he simply said" Wait,' and put the casa back in the cabinet. After dinner, as it was a r.utiy evening, Marton made as though he wanted to be amused, and asked my mother, like a spoilt child, to be allowed to look at her diamonds for a treat She was rather surprised at such frivyoity on the part of the sedate and stem M irton, but of course had them brought. As soon as the case was opened, and she became aware of the accident, my mother was loud in her lamentations, and had no thought about anything except how the misfortune had happened, and what was to be done; but Bhe was somewhat pacified when Marton suggested that we should take the set up to town in the morning an J get the mischief remedied. I wish I had that man's promptitude and nerves. The next night saw us in dose conference with a detective—I hate those crawling creatures, but there was no choice—and we review the situation. Where were the Walcots ? Since they would doubtless brazen it out if directly challenged, they would probably not be speciaUT anxious to conceal their whereabouts. They had spoken of returning to Mrs. Christie's for a couple of days, and then visiting some friends before going over to Paris, so Mrs. Christie would probably be able to inform us where they were. Had they the stones with them ? We guessed so, and that these stones were to be disposed of across the channel. So no time wss to be lost; if they went beyond seas, good- bye to our chance of recovering them. How on earth were they ever to be got hold of? VL (Letter from Mr. John Dene.) EEUFSTDIT, June IS, 1SSS. Sin,—On leaving yon after receiving your instructions, I started for this place, the nearest station to Lythe Court. There is likely to be considerable difficulty in getting a foothold at the Court, but I decided to make my approaches as a groom changing bis place and taking a few days'holiday in the neighbourhood, having lived as a boy at Newmarket, and knowing consider able about horses. Not to take up too much timp to the telling, I may aay X was soon at home there, and made free of the servants'-hall, where, by means of a aril tongue with the upper servants, and a chiruppey manner with the maids, being also able to sing a lively song, if called upoa, I became frendly with the lot, so could consider who was likely to be useful, and iMTn tbe ways of the visitors- I found Mrs. Walcot didn't have no maid with her; the houskeeper's niece, who was visiting her aunt, ladyVmaided her; but she waa no good, nervous, and no spirit about her. There was a middling lot of servants, what with the visitors, but at last I fixed on one, sir, as you might not *>"wlr She waa an Indian woman—a nurse—a ayah they call them, to the nieces of the mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, as had come from India in the spring. She was uncommon dark, rather small, bat hod <x firmish look about her month, and her beadrah bi eyes missed nothing. X guessed tiie would not stick at trifles, and would know as well as most our common language, which was pounds, shillings, and peace; and it Beemed best to lubricate the machinery freely. When we had come to an understanding how X wanted something done particalariy quiet I told her who I was aad what 1 was after, and how thia ooupla was supposed to, be in possession -of Ihe stones knowu to )uwe -. feeen -changod. 'I: wanted her to find out if they had the stones with them, and if so to get tb«niinto her ^chaag.ng them B possible for the false ooes, but anyhow grffang there was known to be 167. Yon should have seen her eyes glisten when I told h^r how much it was in their money, rupees, and when X showed her the bag of shiners. I proposed we should pretend to bj keeping company, and we should have nothing to bother us hut the others' She caught on directly. That same night she told in the shrubbery die had discovered that Mrs. Walcot dressed early for dinner, and always locked her trunks ' before coming down, and carried the keys in her pocket; the little dog Venus slept in their room; they locked the room-door raariarly eveir night, and there was a small lemvcr m her dre«ang-bag. The first supposition wasthat the stones, if they had than at all, rat in their trunks. Thi X much doubted ; still the search had to be mode, and to do this either the locks must be picked or Mis. Walcot's keys be got hold of; the former alternative seemed harder, as the locks would probably be well made, hot it would take time than waiting to secum toe key*, and time was aa object Accordingly I into the ayah's hands a bunch of sk&ton; to try her lock with the locks, and xf they „ed nowswtanoe, to overhaul the trunks that night while they were at dinner. This venton was success*ml ia one way, but not in mothesv The woaian's skilled fingers mastered thelocto, bnt there wen; no diamotufa. "Hratfy ot pretty thorns.' she said,«hat no diamonds* ; •he had the Wit to see if the trunks had any aecnet receptacle. I told her to fnnw the tahheelsaf bar shoes, the thick ivory hair- £rosh<*, a&d; an coOsof hair, but it was no . Tben he o»«he carrie 1 then about? WMAF t Efeefotchau*, because if found oober it could . feeottribotod to tfaptomnua, wfach woaMnt apply to him. BaSte the eomplicataOM of * lean'sArowaSod hiding wtt* the sccretivc^ of h«di»ract«deligUs in. Conchidmg. then, that die had them about her, we had these difficulties to counteract: 1\. The presence <f her husband. 2\. The little dog. 3\. The locked door. i The revolver- , 5\. Finding the whereabouts of the stones. 6\. Getting them. An hottr's quiet walk in the lanes settled my plans. I oondudedtbat the business must lie done at night, if it was to be done without resorting to violent neasnree. and I. The husband must be got away for one ipght, ' 2 Venus most be dosed with a soporific (and her mistress, too, if necessary). 3\. I knew ho w to overcome this. 4\. The mechanism of the revolver most be disarranged or the cartridges damped. 5 and 6 depended on the skill and nerve of the ayah. And the steps I decided to take with regard to each particular were these : 1\. To get the husband off the ground, he must be summoned away elsewhitherto by a telegram; bat from whom, so that he would believe it genuine and act on it ? I set Safiyah, that was her name, to watch the letter-bag— not that he was very likely to entrust-anything important to that, which anyone might see— and then strolled down to pick up what scraps of information I could bv hook or crook at the post-office. And here 1 had a fins piece of luck. As I entered the office, whom should I see but Mr. Walcot himself, just handing in a telegram. ' What's this name V Barrett, is it V asked the official. ' Yes, it's plain enough,' was the reply in a sharp tone of annoyance. ' B, a, r, r, e, double t,' slowly spelt the unmoved operator, * and are these letters E. C. ?' ' Yes, can't von read ?' replied Mr. Walcot, very wraJthfully. ' E.C.* repeated the man in the same monotonous way as before; ' Affix the tAamp,>liiease. , '-''Tliis-.w«s , ihfrjast straw. ' yon,'said-my gentleman, -and quitted the office, slamming the door; the telegraph man had to lick the stamps That wasn't my business, though I'd have hcked a hundred stamps for the information I had got Returning at once to my rooms, X wrote to a friend I often work with to send this mes8a"e without fail next day from some office in the E.C. district: 'To Walcot, Lythe Court, Kempston. Meet me at the Grand 10 to-night Barrett;' and I also asked him to despatch this at 9.30 next night: ' Walcot, Grand hotel, Trafalgar-square. Had to go suddenly. Paris. Barrett* I should thus get Walcot away, and too late for him to return that night He would come back next day without having his suspicions unduly roused, an! without hunting up Barrett, whoever he was, supposing hfm off for France. I guessed hs would take the bait, because he seemed riled at any one hearing Barret's name in the telegraph office. I warned my co-operator by wire to expect an im- portant letter. 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a bit of chicken at S p.m. wooli settle Venus comfortably for the night, and two or three in madame's coooatina would be just enough to make her sleep rather heavily. 3\. I told the ayah to bring me the key of the bedroom door at 7.45, when the guests would li ive sat down to dinner.- X had dealt with such before. Every key of this kind has a solid Etem ending in a knob" or boss, which stands outermost in the locked door; with a narrow gat .... file I . divided . this . boss i- vertically -i T:I in a slit — an eighth of an inch deep, making it like a screw. By inserting a small screwdriver or broken penknife in the slit, it was possible to make the key revolve, and open the door; in the same way the bolt might be shot back again and the door relocked, and apparently all be just as before. Of course the lock should be oiled so as to work easily. Most people think it safer to leave the key in the lock, but this is no good if the key has been filed like the one I held, and it never occurred to Madame Walcot to examine hers. 4\. With a hypodmeric syringe which Safiyah hunted np—it belonged to one of the fine ladies—I injected a few drops of water through the paper sheath of each cartridge the revolver held. They were safe enough now. Al| these points were duly dealt with; in the first only did we risk much, but our chances were as good as the enemy's, and as yet the enemy were unsuspecting. As five and six did not depend on me X could only wait; but X relied on the ayah: there was a look about her slender brown fingers that reminded me of wonderful tales of Indian juggleiy. 1 wanted her to take some chloroform in case of accident, but she despised this. Next morning, soon after sunrise, she met me in oar usual walk in the shrubbery with a calm face, but in reply to my inquiry: 'What lack r' unfastened her headger and poured into my hat what looked in the bright early sunshine like a shower of sparkling dew drops. X said not a word till X had counted out into hcr hands 157 sovereigns; and when she had stowed them away I asked for the history of her adventure. This she told me at length, but X don't give it here, for she has to take the children to London to-morrow, to ireet some other relations, and as she will stay at the Arundel at the Embankment, no great way from the Temple, X thought you, sir, might like to see her yourself and hear her tale from her own hps. She had hardly ended when she heard a window open above, and peering up through the screen of leaves saw the face of Mrs. Walcot, looking bright and fresh in the early morning light I'm a hard man, but I could not help feeling sorry for her, deceiver though she was, when I thought how much on the wrong side of ihf balance her accounts were likely to make up. I shall return by the mid-day express, and bring the diamon l s to your chambers in the afternoon.—I am, dr, your obedient servant, JohxDKXE. Sidney Marton, Esq., Temple, London. P.O.—We were only just in time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, where I strolled so as not to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. Walcot was coming down bv midday train, and they are off to Paris on Fridsv. J.D. VII. ' Well,' said Marton, as he folded up Dene's report, ' I suppose that is about the end of the business, except interviewing the man and getting the diamonds. Xt is to be hoped that the supple-fingered Indian hasn't tricked Dene after all and kept the genuine articles herself. By-the-way. I should rather like to hear what that women has to tell us. Step down with me to the Arondjcn, and we will try to find her.' Z did not much care to hear anything more about the abominable business; but as Marton seemed to wish it, and X was so indebted to him in the matter, I smothered my disinclination and went. Safivah was not bard to find, and this is ihe tale she told us: ' As soon as X heard the gentlemen disperse from the smoking-room^ and the house at last began to be still, I crept downstairs, and quietly sat down in the -window-seat at the southern angle of the corridor. I had taken case-to. opai the casement before, and the night was perfectly 'calm, so that I could catch whatever sonnds came from Mrs. "Walcot's rooms, as they were reached from the oppoate wall;. I heard her talk to her dog Venus, " Poor dear creature, what makes it so sleepy then?" (I coald have told her); I heard her open and shut with a click her travelling bag, and soon followed another hard metalhcscmnd, wlueh I Ruessed came from laying the cevohrer ou the littte raarble table by the bedside; X beard the clinking of tli« spoons . S ^ ™ a lfm a loIlg v,wn^of which X was ont; but at thie time of year there is a dim luster clear enough to see by all night. Soon all was still. X waited there a full hoar, that her sleep might be settled and deep. Next X looked to see that all the doors in the corridor wete dosed, eo that there might he no draught to shut any of them with an awakening hang, though as the night was calm, there was little chance of that; still it was well to be on the safe ode. Then with the small screw-driver Mr. Dene gave me X Koftly tamed the key, pishing back against the spring, bat not relaxing my hold after the resistance was overcome, so that thers was no sound; then I turned the handle, and MS thin, like all at th» Court, was well-fitted; it madenonoise;iachbvinchlopeD*a~ and it last I stood inside; I had noth me but the bag containing the false delicate feather, and my own skill and courage. * X stood andoonstdsnd. I could see a little and hear more; the dog waa breathing hani in her bosket near the marble table. MULWJ est bad her face turned the other way mad was fast asleep. Then I slipped round the bed snd observed the sleeper. One Wnd Uy outade the ooqnerlet the other was placed beneath her cheek and parted hps, tot whether it held any thing c juld n'jt be seen ; nor. m she {hen lay. aonld I passmy hanJbfmfhifae pglaar. And now began my tank. Yoa have bend of the Indian thieves, and how, by making a tie toes aboet restlessly, thny cam steal away very bod-dothes on which he is lying. Afithtt I kaew and many aHttar trick of h And now, mm aEghtn* touch of the tiay iher, she moved her heed; another tQaeh, her hand stand; «. third, b« M tanas half , _ . .... „ . .. ... , mthc twikgW * Wfr How for , tt. bat ol ddicate *31; *«rfly hardly mow than a fanning « tha thoee slender fingers, and the hold relaxes; X tooth the hag, the treasure is mine —bo, sot yst-Uhe hand slowly hemns to dose again. Shall I Snatch the pnier No; such roughness is only for ciaiciyhaiidii; awhile; jet one more subtle starring of as. satin s3k, the faintest ruffle; her hand wnca more uncloses and remains unclosed. Softly I grasp Hie lag. untying the thick ccxd « slk,and tmry it in lay pocket whew the diamonds make no sound as they fall; then, withdrawing my hand, X unfasten the other bag and insert it in the neck of hers, emoothe.'- ing the two in my shawl as I reverae their position, to drown the noise of the moving stones. And now it is done, die silken hand is fiei again.—still she sleeps peacefully—and lastly I replace the bag near her hand as it was before Was it a part of my natural cruelty, or th' pride of triumphant skilL that mane me yet once more touch her hand, which, as it opened and reciosed again, grasped tie hag, to cjKnplete the unhappy woman's decejrfaon i All over now, save an easy retreat; one loo* around to see that no traces are left; 6ofdy I open tha door, softly pass through, softly do ie it again. I go down the stairs and pass out into the cool night air, where I walked in the shrubbery tiH Mr. Dene came, and X gave him the real diamonds.- Ah, Sahibs,' she added, ' you are our masters, bat yon have a gre.: deal to learn from ns.' VXIL Butlhad an experience yet to come. Th; next morning Marton and I decided to fim.n the business by taking the stones, with the settings, to be replaced; and when, that was done X vowed X would make my molher ke;p them in a safe; indeed, X had written tie night before to Gaskeli, the agent; to ordjr one suitable for the wall in my mother's boidoir. We were jost l When—goodheavens ^ fatsa to face bat—the Walcots! out something, and felt hot all over, ani utterly miserable, hardly knowing whether X was standing on my heels ormy head; aadthjy did not seem much more at their ease, at Jea.ii Marton said so afterward. He was calm a id imperturbable, and never, he said, enjoyed a scene BO much in his life, though the acto -s played ^heir parts in a manner that was beneath contempt. At last, after some of the tritest and most trivial remarks, we gJ>E disentangled and managed to say 'gooiday.' It was natural to me to be awkward at" a crisis, but they were psople of fie world; presently, however, we found what it was that had "disconcerted them. We were just unfolding our business to the jeweller, the same who had so greatly admired these stanes a few months before; he remarked how much more fortunate we were in our possesion than the lady and gentleman who hid just gone. ' H.ow so?' asked Marton. 'They wished to dispose of some valuable diamonds, they said, and* we were not unwilling to become the purchasers of really good stones, but when they untied the little leathern hag which contained them and poured them on the counter, I saw at a glance mat they were not genuine stones, and told them so, I have never seen people more surprised or amazed. He muttered ' After all that trouble,' bnt she had not a word to utter, in fact she seemed dazed and stupefied. Pray, can you tell me, sir, who they are, if I may take the liberty; I think they spoke with you as you entered V ' Their name is Walcot, and that is about all I can tell you.* ' And Gerard,* he said as we departed, ' that was about enough; to any one who knew them it spoke volumes, ay, whole libraries, didn't it? Anyhow, I think we have been' upsides' with them, as they say in yoar country, this time.' And Ithought so too.— John PasLew, in HeX- ffratiu. 