THE FROZEN PIRATE." . , BT W. CLARKE RUSSELL, I ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor ' Tk® , k"dy Maud,' 'A Sailor's Sweet- heart, CnATTEK XXIX.— (cOSmiJED.l Doy say,', said he, ' dnt Luniion's a very fino placo. sail, bigger nan Philadolpliy, mid dat a man's skin don' toll agin liim among do ynllor gals doro.' .' I laughed and said, that in. my country people were judged rather by tho colour of their hearts than by thc'huo of their faces. ' But dollars count for something, too. sah I specte r' said ho. , 1 , Wliy, yes,' siud I, ' with dolhirs enough you can mako black white in England. . 'Hum! cried ho, Bcratching his head 'I guess it ud take an almighty loud of dollars to muko mo wluto, musaa. Put money in your pocket and chink it,' said I, ' and your fuctPU . bo found wliito cuough, I warrant, ' By golly !' cried ho, ' I'll do it den. S'dp me do Lord, massa, I'd chink twenty year for n. rnhlte fllco- Bat comes oh lam/ civilised. Tell co what dcy dew, massa, doy makes you feel liko, a whito man, but doy lets you kcop black, blast 'em !' _ I checked his excitement liv tolling liim that in my country bo would fin'd that thenogro was a person held in very high esteem, that the women in particular, valued him for that very dinginees which tho Amorieans found distaste- ful, and told him that I could nnmo severat ladies of quality who had married thoir black sorvants. Ho looked surprised, but not incredulous, nnd said iu his peculiar dialect . tiiat lie had 110 doubt I spoko tlio truth, as ho had always 'heard that England was n fino country to live, in. I then led liira insonsihly ' from 'this topic', to.talkot the searindhie experiences, and found', that ho hnd 'seoii a very gfriarBmitpihaVirig hqen frcod wlion .\01111g, aud keeping to the ocean over since in many difforcut aorts of craft. Indeed, I was as much pleased with him ns with WilkiuBoii, but tiion I had fore seen a simplicity in both tho negroes, and iu expectation of finding this quality, bo useful to 0110 in my strange position, I was ovorioved when they consented to help mo sail the schooner to tho Thames. IV a went on deck to relieve Wilkinson mid Cromwell. Billy Pitt took tlio tiller, nnd I walked to either rail and stared into tho dark ness. It wus very thick with occasional squalls of snow, which put a screaming as of tortured cats into the wind as they swung through it. The sot wus high, liut tliu schooner was making excellent weather of it, whilst sho rolled nnd pitched through tho troubled dark ness at seven knqts in tlio hour. 'Twos noble useful sailing, yet a speed not to lie relished in thefse waters amid so deep a shadow. Still tlie temptation to'' hold on all,' as wo say, was very great ; : ovorj- inile carried us by so much nearer to the temperate parallels, aud shortened to that oxtent tlio long, long passage that lay hofore us. I was pacing tlie -deck briskly, for tho wind was horribly keen, when Pitt suddeni' called oat, ' I say, massa. !' ' Hullo/ I replied. ' Sah,' lie cried, ' I smell ice !' , I know that this wus u capacity not un common among mon who liud voyaged much in tlie frost regions of tlio deep, and instantly oxclainicd, ' LulT, then, luff ! shako tho way out of hor." smdiing as I spoke, ' hut detecting no added shrewdness in tho air that was already froezingly eold. Ho put tho heiin down, and I called to the othora below; to eoine on deck and flatten in tho rnuin sheet. ..Thoy wore' .up in a trice und tailed 011 with me, risking no questions, till wo bad tho lioom nearly amid ships, 1 was about tq speak when Wilkinson cried out, ' I smell ice.' -He- sniffed a moment: ' Yes, there's an island nbourd. Anybody seo it?' . " ' Ay, dero it aril, sure enough !' oriud Crom well. ' I)<ire— on Uo leo-bow— see it, sail ? Seo it, Billy V ; Yes, 1 saw it plain enough when I knew : whore to look for it. "l'was just siicli another lump of faintnoss as had wrecked tlio Laughing Mary, a uiiibs of dull spectral light upon the throbbing blackness, and it biy exuetly iu a lino with tlio course wo liod been steering'when Pitt first called out, so that assuredly wc hud -not Hhiftcd'our licliu u. minute too soon. Wo .chopped and wullbwod past it slowly, keeping a siiurp look-out for liko apparitions in other quurters, and wlion it liud disappeared 1 made up iriy mind to hcavo the schooner to and keep hor in that posture till daylight, unless the night cleared. So wo got ..the mainsail dowu and stowed it, clewed up tho top-suil (which ! lent a hand to roll unl. and lot tho 1 ilyiibUV1 Tii 0 cTi v up,"' . Jiet- have ultimately corapollod what the thickness hud required ; for Iiy ten o'clock it was blow ing a hard gale, with a frequent hoarmcss of clouds of snow upou tho blacknuss, tho seas vury high and foamiug, und tho wind cr3'iug mudly iu tho rigging. I let some timo go by, aud then souuded tho well and found no more water than tlio doptli at which tho pump sucked. This did wonders in tlie wnv of reassuring tho men, who were rendered uneasy by tbo violent motions of tlie unwieldy vessel, oml by the vory harsh straining noises which rose out of tho hold, which latter thoy would naturally attribute to tiie cruzincss of tlio fabric, though the true causa of it lay in tho number of iooso, movulilo bulkhoads. 'It's umuziii' to mo thut she buhls to gether nt ull,' cried WilkiuBoii, ' so nnciciit sho is!' ' Slio's only old,' said I, ' in tlio sound of tlio years she's been in existence. The ieo bus kept her young. Would the hams ami tongues we're eating Ihi taken to lie half a century old? yot where could you buy sweeter nnd liettcr moot of tho land ashore ? A ship's well is your only honest reporter of hor condition. Ours lias vouched in u way that should keep you easy.' ' Arter do Sousnn Tucker ills is liko licin' huug up to dry,' exclaimed ono of tlio negroes. ' It war pump, pump hero ami uo mistake. I call dis a worry Iwautiful little sheep, massa; yes, s'oip mo do Lord, duru's puffin could pereuudo mo she am t what I says she am.' However, I was up and down a good deal dur ing the night. But for tlio treasure I should liavo boon less anxious,' I dure say. I lind come so successfully to this point that I was resolved, if my hopes wore to miscarry, tlio misfortimo should not he owing to want of vigilance 011 my part ; and thoro happened an incident wiiicli iuovitably tended to shurpen my wateli- I fulness, though I wus porfectly conscious there was a miilionlooneuguinstltsocciiriiig 11 socond time. I camo on (lock to reliovu Wilkinson, ut midnight, after a lmlf-hour's nodding doze by tlie furnace below. Ho went to his cabin : I stood undor tho loc of a cloth suized in tlio weathor main rigging. Fill arrived, and I told liim lio oould return to tho cook-house uml stay there till I called him. Tho helm licing lashed, and tho schooner doing very woll. nothing wanted watching in particular, yet L would not linvo tlio dock abandoned, anil meant, to keep a look-out, turn und turn about witli l'itt, lis Wilkinson and Cromwell laid. Tlio snow iuid eeused ; but it was vory dark aiul thick, the ocean a roaring slindow, palpitating upon the eyes in rolling folds of blackness, with tlio quick oxpiring ffnsli of foam to windward. On a Huddon,. looking ovor. tlio weather quarter, inotliought l discerned. o dooper ehndoin tlio night there thut was elsewhere pufcoptible. It was liko u grout blot of ink upon the darkness. Evan whilst I speculated, it drow put iu tlio shape of a ship running boforo tlio gule. Sho seemed to bo heading directly for us. Tlio roof of my mouth turned dry ns dosort-simd : my tonguo und limbs refused their office ; I could neither cry nor stir, being indeed purii- lyzed by the terriblo suddenness of that appari tion und tlio iiumiuonco of our poril. It all happened whilst you could have told thirty. Tho great black muss surged up witli tlio water boiling about tho Lows; she brought a thunder along witli her iu her rigging and sails as she soured to tho erowns of thu sens hIio was sweep ing before. I could uot tell what canvas sho was under, but hor sliced wae a full ten kuots, and 11s I did got see her till sho was closo, she looked to come upon as with a single bound. Slio passed us to windward within a stone's throw, and vanished liko a dark cloud molting into tlio surrounding blackness. Not a gleam of light broke from hor ; you heard nothing but the boiling at ber Iiowb nnd tlio thunderous peelings of tho gulo in lier ennvns. A quarter turn ot tho wlieol would Jiavo sent us to tlio bottom, and Iiqr, no doubt, on top of us. Whether bIio wus tho tomtit tucker, or some otlior whuler, or a big South-sca-maii driven low and getting what easting slio could out ot tho gale, I know not. Sho wub us complete a mystery of the occun night as any spectra! fabric, mid a lieavior terror to mo than a phantasm worked by ghosts Could havo I know such a tiling cquj'l ""i liapi'011 again, yot wbon I called Fitt I talked to lum about it ns though wo must certainly h" run down if he did not. keep ft sharp jqok.oiit, uud wlion ray watch below camo round at four o'clock I was so agitated that I was up anil down till day- b route, us though my duty dul not end till thou. Fubiished b/«(iorisl Vmugcment with the Wthor. The galo moderated nt sunrise, and, though it was a gloomy-; truo Capo Horn morning, with (lark driving clouds, tho sea a dusky olive, very hollow, mid frequont email quick squalls of slcot which brougnt tlio wind to us in sharp funs, yot as wo could bco where wo were going got tlio schooner before it, heading bar caste north-east, and undor a reefed topsail, main sail, and staysnil, tho old bucket stormed through it with tho sputter mid rago of u Iino-of-battlo . ship. There was a log-reel and lino 011 deck, and I found a Band-glass in tlie chest in my cubin iu which I had met with tho quadrants, perspective glass and tho liko, and I kept tin's log regularly going marking 11 point of dopnrturo ou thn chart tho American captain had given mo, which I after wards found to bo within two leagues und a halt' of tho truo position. But for threo days tho weather continued so' heavy that thoro wiis nothing to be dono in tho shajio of gratify-in" tlio raon's expectations by overhauling what wus left of tho cargo. Indeed, wo hail 110 leisure for such work; nil our wuking hours had to bo strictly dedicated to tho schooner, and in keep ing u look-out for ice. But the morning uf the fourth (lay brohc witli a tine sky and a brisk lircczo from a little to the east of south, to which wo showed ovory cloth tho schooner laid to throw: abroad, and boing now liv dead reckoning within a few leagues of tlio meridian of UOdog., Ishiipo'l a course north by east by my compass, with tlie design of getting a view of Stataii Ialuud that I might correct my calcu lations. When wu had made sail aud got our break fast, I toid Wilkinson mul Cromwell (l'itt being nt tho tiller) that now wns it good opportunity for inspeetm" tho contents of tho hold; and (not to be teutons in this part ot my relation, however I may have sinned in' this respect elsewhere) wc carried lunthoms liciow; and Bpont tho hotter part of tho forenoon in taking stopk. From .a copy of U10 memorandum I inudq on flint occasion (still in iny possession), wp discovered, that tlio ixqiilup? captain bad left ''tal, a.feflojWngsjTliiiitjfita'fikaftfq-uuietafoilfelS eight hogsheads: of elaret/ sovciity.llvo casks of' brandy, fifty of shorry, and eighteen cases of beer in liottlcs. In addition to this were tlio stores in the lazaretto (besides a quantity of several kinds of wino in jars, etc.; elsewhere enumerated, besides all tho ship's furniture, her guns, polvder, small-arms, etc., as well ns tlio ship herself. I took tho men into tho run and showed thein tlie chests, opening tlio little one which I laid stocked witli sinall-urms, mid lifting tho lids of two or three of tho others. Thoy wore perfectly- satisfied, fitljy believing all tlio chests to lie tilled witli small-arms and uotliing oIhc, mid so wo camo awav anil returned to tho cabin, - where, to please thorn, I put down the value of tlio cargo lit a venture, Rotting figures against each article, and making out a total of two thousimd Bix hundred and forty pounds. Tin's, of course, iucludcdtho ship, ' How much '11 (bit boa man, massa ?' nuked Cromwell. ' Six hundred and sixty pounds,' ! answered. The poor fallow was so transported that, aftor staring nt uio in eiteuco with tho eoniara of his mouth stretched to liis ours, ho tossed up his bunds, In est into a roar of laughter, and mudo several skipH uhoattlio deck. 'Of coiuso,' said I, addrossing Wilkinson, 'my figures may iie ahead or short of tlio truth. But if you uro disposed to tako the chance, I'll tell you what I'll do ; I'll stand by my figures, accepting tlio risk of tho value of tlie hiding boing less than what I say it is, and undertake to givo each man of you six hundred and sixty pounds for your share. 'Well, sir,' said ho, ' I don't know tliat I ought to objoct. But a few pounds iu a matter of groat couscqiicuco to me, and I reckon if tliCBO hero goods multho wcssul should turn out to jio worth more than yo offer, the loss 'ml go agin tho grit, ay, if 'twere twenty dollania man.' I laughed, and told liim to luttho mat.tur rest , there wae plenty of iiino .before us ; I should ba willing to stand to my offer even if I lost ta il, so heartily obliged was I to thorn for coming to my assistance. And in this I spoke tlio truth, though, as you will- understand who know my position, 1 hnd to finesse. It went against my conscience to mako out that tlio chests were full of smullarms, but I should havo been mad to tcli them the truth, mill, perhaps, by the truth made dovils of men who were, and promised to remain, steady, tbmpcrato, honest fellows. I was not govornod -by tlio (lesiro to kcop all tbo treasure to myself ; no, I vow to God I should bavo been glad to givo tnoiu'. a in'oiuty . .of it, bad I not npprehcmlod tho very- gravest consoqucneos if I wore candid with lliem. But this, surely, must bo'so'plniu that it is idle to go on insisting on it. Tho lino weather, the golden issuo that was to uttond our successful navigation, tho satis factory behaviour of 'tlio schoonor, puts us into a ' high good-humour . with 0110 another : and when it cuine.tp my collecting all the clothes in) tlio'ffireb'fflfti','XffifiuinitIKliyl,iltTmiiHi»r6iu»" well would havo gono mud with dolight. ' To tho best of uiy recolloction tho apparel that hud heon left us liy the Ainorican captain (who, us you know, liud cleared thu forecastle of tlio clothes there) consisted of several routs of cut velvet, trimmed with gotil and Btlvor luco, somo frocks of wliito drab with largo plate buttons, hrocado waistcoats of bluu satin ami green silk, crimson ntid other coloured cloth breeches, along with some clonks, three-comer huts, black and wluto stockings, a number of ruffled shirts, and other nrticles, of which 1 recollect tlio character, though my ignorance of tlio costumes of tliat ported prevents me from naming them. Any one urquuiHtcd witli tlie negro's delight 111 coloured clothes will hardly need to ho told of tlio "extravagant joy raised ill tlie black breasts of Cromwell and Fitl by my distribution of this lino attire. The luce, to bo sure, was tarnished, uml sumo of tlio colours fuduil, tint all tlie sumo thu apparel furnished abruvusbnw, iuid such wus tho avidity witli which tlio poor ercaturcs snatched at tlio garments as I offered tlicm first to one and then another, that I liclievu they would have been porfectly satisfied witli the clothes ulono as payment for their services. I mndo this distribution 011 the quarter-deck, or little poop, rather, that all might ho present : Wilkinson wns at tho tiller, ami appeared highly delighted witli tho banillo allotted liim, saying that lie might reckon upon a hearty welcome from liis wit'n \e1iiiii ultn titimn fn Ifitmv wlifft \v:iR ill )llS chest. Tlio ncgroos wero wild to clothe them selves at once ; I advised them to wait for tlio warm weather, but thoy were too impatient to put on their fino feathers to hoed my uilvieo. Thoy inn below and were gono half 1111 hour, during which timo I have 110 doubt they put on all thoy tiad ; and wlion nt last thoy- returned, thoir iippouriiiico was bo exquisitely absurd that I laughed till I came near to suffocating. Each negro had tied a silvor-luccd hut on to his woolly head ; one wore a pair of crimson, the other a pair of black, velvet breeches ; oyer their cucumber shanks thoy had drawn wliito silk stockings, regardless of the eold; their feet wore encased in liueklod shoes, and their costumes were completed by scarlet inul_ liluo waistcoats which foil to their knees, and crimson and blue' coats with imnioiisu skirls. What struck mo as most astonishing was their gravity. Their self complacency was prodigious : thoy eyed each other with dignified approbation, und strutted with tlio air of provincial mayors null lildcrnion nowly arrived from tbo presence of royalty. ' Thoy'ro In kcopin' with tlio schooner, any ways,' said Wilkinson. 'And so perhaps thoy were. The antique fabric needed tho sparkle of tlioso costumes on hor deck to inuku her aspect lit in witli the imaginations sho bred. But, us .1. bad anticipated, tho cold proved too powerful for- their conceit, and thoy were presontly glad to ship their mora modom trousers, though thoy clung obstinately to their wuistcouts, mid could uot ho persuaded to romovo their hats on any account wlmtevor. ClMITIitt XXX.— Oun I'ltOOIIKSS TO TUB CltANNKl.. When. I blurted to relate my adventure 1 never designed to write an account of tho iouruov homo at lurgu. On tlio contrary, 1 'foresaw tjiat, by tlio timo I hud arrived at tins nart. von would havo had cuougli of tlio sen. Let me now, then, bo as brief ns possible. Tlio molting of tho ice und tho slowly increas ing power of lliosuu wore inexpressibly consol ing to mo who liud hail so much of tlio cold that I do protest, if Elysium were lilcuk, no mutter how radiant, uud tlio utiodo of tho fiends us hot as it is pictured, I would cliooso to turn my buck upou tlio angels. I cannot say, howuvor, that tlio schooner was proi«irly thawed until wo wore hard upon tlio parallels of tlio Falkland Islands; slio then sliowoil hor timbors naked to tlio sun, ami exposed a brown solid deck rendered ugly liy sovurnl dark patches which, sorapo us we might, wo could not obliterate. We struck the guns into tho hold for tho lielter hiillusting of tho vessel, got stiiddiiig-suil Isioms uloft, overhauled her suits of canvas und found a grentsqmircsiiil which proved of inestimable importance iu light winds and in running. Aftov tlio ico wns wholly melted out of hor fnimo slio mndo 11 little water, vet not so umch but that half an hour's spelt at tho pump twieo a day easily freed her. But, curiously enough, nt tlio end of 11 fortnight sho iiecnmu tight again, which I attribute to thu swelling of her timbers. Wo were a slender company, hut wo managed extraordinarily wolf. Tho men were wonder- fullv content; I uover licard so much us a inavumi' wupe cpo of them ; thoy tiuvcr ex- ceeded their mttetm itor,ii8kini'fbr di<h()i),uii)re'+ of liquor thou wo iiad ugroed among us should bo served out. But, usT had anticipated, our j security lay in our alondoni'oss. Wowcrotbo few for disaffection. Tho nogrocB were us Bimplo us children, Wilkinson looked to find his account in u liappy arrival, and'if I was not, strickly speaking, their captain, I was thoir :' - ' navigator 'without whom their caoo would huvo liccn as perilous us mino wns on the ice. Outsido tlie natural dangers of tlio sea wc had . but one anxiety, and that concerned our beini; chusod and taken. This four , wus heartily . shored by my coinpuuions, to whom I also ropresouted tliat it must lie our business to givo uven tlie slaps of our country a wido berth; for, though I had long sinco flung all the com promising bunting overboard, and destroyed all the papers I could come across, which boing . written in a language I wus ignorant of, might, for all I know, contain some dimming infor mation, a British ship would bo sure to board us mid I should have to tell tlie trutli or tako. tho risk of provarieiiting. If I told tlie truth,'; then I should liavo to uilinit that tho lading or.) tlio vessel was piratical plunder ; and though I kuow not how the iaiv stood with regard to liooty rescued from certain destruction after tho lapHC of hard upon half a century, yet it' was a; hundred to 0110 that the whole would bo claimed! in tho king's niunc under a talk of restitution, '; winch signified tlmt wo'should never hear niofo of it. _0u tlm other hand prevarication woilbl,. . uot fail tu excite suspicion, uml on our not being-. , , ; able to satisfactorily account for our possession? of tlio ship and what was iu lier, it might ciid , in our actually beiug seized as pirates iuid,.. . perhaps executed. This reasoning went yury v, -oil vrilh tho men : nnd tilled them witli such anxiety tiuit they weio for ever on the look-out for 11 sail. But; us you : , may- guess, my own solicitude sunk very much j ,doeppr ; tor, eupposing tlio schoonor tea-bo;: . rummaged by au English crew, it was ascertain .. . as that my hand was uflixed to iny jinn that tliO ; chests' of treasure would bo transhipped' liiid wo sighted uotliing '; no, in nil those 'days not « single sail over hove 'into' view 'to break . the - ! : melancholy continuity of the sea-iinc. Blit he?'.'- . tween the pa rail .-Is of lidcg. mid "I'ideg. X. wo : ' met ivitli no lees than eight sliips, tho nearest within a league. Wu. watched- them us i-ata. V. ivutcli mico; making u point to Ijoar awitv ,if . . thoy wero going our read, or, if thev were! ' .'! coming towards 11s, to shift our helm— hut, never very markedly — so as to lot tliom pass us . at tlio widest jwssihlc distance. .Some of them, showed a colour, but wo never nnswured their', signals. Tliat tlioy were nil harmless traders Ii will not affirm ; but uoito of tlium offered to elinseus. Yet could I havo lieon sum of asbiiig I ehouid luivo been glad to sjieak. Aly, longitudo was litllo more than guess-work;.' my latitude not' very certain ; and my compiiss - . was out. However, I supported my own . und '-, the spirits of my littlu company, by tclliug tlicm of the airly navigators : now , Columbus, . Drake, Scliouten, uud otlicr lmroic "luuriiiq, ' worthies of (Ustant times bad navigated tho' gloiio, discovered new worlds; penetrated into the most secret solitudes of tho docip witliouti,-; any notion of longitude 11ml witli. no bettor instrumouts to take the sun's height than tho forestall' and ostrblnlic.' Wc wero iiettenoff than thoy, anil I liud not the least doubt', .1 told tliom, of bringing tliu old schooner to . a . safe berth off Deal or uruvesond. , - But it happened Unit wo ivoro chased when on tlio polar vorgo of tho North-east . Trudo- wind. It was blowing lirislciy, tlio sea breaking in Buoiv upon tlio weather bow, tho sky over cast witli clouds, and the schooner washing through it under a singlo-roefod mainsail and - - , . ivliolo topsail. It wus noon ; I wns taking ah . observation, when l'itt ut tlio tiller sang out 'Sail lio!' uml looking, I spied the Rivalling.', cluiid-liko canvas of a vessel on u lino with our stnrlioard cathead. I told Fitt to lot tho schoonor fall off tlireo jioiiits, and with ; siaekenud slieots tlio okl lloea, do! Dragon' . hummed through it brilliantly, Hinging tliu . foiim as fur nft us tlio gangway. The strange suit l-oso rapidly, and the lifting of liur hull discovered bur to lie a. liue-of-iKittlo ship. Wu held 011 as wo were, hoping t0 escape iior! ' notice', lint whether bIio did Hot like biir appearance, or tliat tlioro wus something in tlio figure We cut Unit excited lier curiosity, slio, on. a sadden, put lier holm iqi aiid steered' a trua' coursu for us. . : , , : At the first sight ot lier 1 bud called Wilkin son and Cromwell on deck, and I now cried out, ' Lulls, d'yo sue, site's aftor us. If slio catches, us our dream of dollars is'over. Lively, now,! !,/ lioys, and givo her all she can .dagger uiide'r : . ana wjuit eho can't carry she, niust drag.' '. Ami,' / we sprang to inakb snil,- liriskly us apesV anil .. ! overyono working witli twoquan power. -,I' know tho-olU Boca's lant point; it wna with" ! .' tho wind a jaiint iiliaft the ucrim; wo put lior ;; i:'.- ? to tliat, got thb'grciit sqiiura.iHiil-on hcrp shook' ! , . out; all riiofs. aml gdve aH 'slie hiul to tlie ivlna.' - .v -Xb a: w.aknrnjm-ha -C--. — II l..'-a:Arlii If,- cataract. Sim bud tlio pirate's instincts, unq being put to her trumps, wiis.' nimble. V.God I . ; ; how (lie did swing through it! Never imd I driven tlio ngoii bucket boforo liku Ibis,: ' and I understood that speed at sen is not .. irrcconctlnhle with odd bodies, llut tlie great ship to windward hung steady; a cloud of bland and swelling "cloths. When wo imd set tlio studding-unil wo had uotliing more to fly with; ami so wo stood' looking. Shu slapped six idiots at us, ono lifter.; another, ns a haughty hint tous to stop; hut we meant to e-enpe, ami at Inst wo did, out . sailing bur liy thirteen inches to her foot—one foot to hor "twelve-- -though she stuck to our skirts lliu whole iiftcrnuon and kept us ill uu agony of anxiety. Tliu sun was setting whoa she abandoned us ; she wns thou some Hvo or six miles distant on our weather quarter. .What, her nation wns I did not know; but Wilkinson reckoned her French when she gave us up. Wo rushed steadily along tho sumo course into thu darkness of the night, mid then, shortening sail, brought hor to tbo wind again, after which wo drank to tho frisky old jade in an honestly-earned howl. It was 011 tho dlh of December that wo sighted tlio Kcilly Isles. I guessed ivhutthnt land wus : but. so vague had houn.my naviga tion that I durst not liu sura, until. Kiiyiug a smack with her nets over, I steered for tier and got tlio information 1 needed from tier peoplo. Tliev answered us witli an air of fear, and in truth they laid reason ; for, IhmuIch tlio singular appearance of tlio ship, tlio four of us worn, apparelled in nilds and ends of tbo untiquo clothes, nml I have liltlo doubt thoy considered us lunatics of another country, who imd rim> nv.-ay ivitli -i. ship belonging to purls whore tlio tastes and fashions were behind tliu ago. Now, ns yon may suppose, by this time I imd settled my plans ; und, as wo sailed up channel, 1 unfolded tlium to my companions. I pointed ont Unit before wo entered the river it would bo necessary to disclnirgo our hiding into somo little vessel tlmt. would smuggle tlio booty ashore for us. The figure tlie schooner mndo was so peculiar slio would inevitably attract attention ; she would instantly lie 1 warded in the Thames on our coining to anchor, and, if told tho truth, slio would tie seized as a pirato, and ourselves dismissed witli a small reiyard, and perhaps witli nothing. ' My scheme,' suid I, ' is this : I huvo a rela tion iu London to whom I shall communicate tlio iiuws of my in-rival and tell liim my story,-. Yoii, Wilkinson, must ha tho iwurer of tips letter, liu is a shrewd, active man. und I will ; leave it to liim to engage tlio boll) wo want. There is 110 luck of tlie right kind of servico- alilemcn at Deal, and, if thoy are promised u;,, - substantial interest iu', smuggling . our lading':'. ,-; nslioro, (hoy will rim tliu goods successfully, ' do.i!: L not fear. . As.thore is sure to bo, a ulan-oMyiir: ..: stationed in thu Downs, wo must koop clear, of)-'- - thut anchorage. I Will land y-ou at ' Lyad,-'-.,;; whence you will mnko your wuy to Dovor, aud ., a tlioiieo to London. . Cromwell and Fitt- will jT ; return mul holp 1110 to kcop cruising;-- My: hitter to my relative will toll liim where to sootc,- ' mo, nnd 1 shall know his boat by her Hying if ; jack. When wo huvo discharged (Mr lading'-. V- 1VU will snil to tho Tlmmcs, uud' tlion -lct '.- who will como ulwnrd, for wo Khali' huvo : . a oli.-im hold. Tin's,' continued I, Ms tho host Hcliumo I can doviso. Tho risks' of smuggling attend it, to bo Hiiro ; but against- those risks wo luivo to put me coruuniy - ot our. . forfeiting our just claims to tlio property if wo- curry tlio sclio'oner to tlio Thames. Evon . suppose, wliun there, tlmt wo should not' ho immediately visited, und so be provided with an opportunity to land our staff— whom have wo to trust? Tlio Thames abounds witli river-; thiovos, with lumpers, scufllo-hiiutei-s, uiud-laiks , „ glutmon, rogues of all sorts, to hire whom would mean to.hrilio tliom witli tliu vnluo oi" lintf tliu lading ami to rink thoir stealing tho - ' otlior half. Tint this is tliu lesser difficulty ; tlio main ono lies in this: thoro nro come sixtooii hundred men employed iu thu London Custom House, most of whom uro on 1 ivorduty- us wiitoh- 111011 ; thirty of tlieso peoplo nro clnppod nlioard 1111 East Iiiiliiimim, livo or six 011 West Iiidiiv '- q ships, aipl a liku proportion in oilier vessels. - So strange a cinft us ours would bo visited; ' depend on't, and smartly, too. D'yo see tlio danger, ltuls F Wliat do you say, tUeii, lu tho' "- ,, scheme Tlio negroes immediately nusivoi-ud tlmt'they L loft it to 1110 ; I knew lwst ; thoy would Ihi sativ: : ,, lied with whatever I did. ; Wilkinson luuucd a whilo uud then' naiitf ' : '.Smuggling was risky work. Hoiv wquhl' it 'i lio if wo reprosciitod tliat wo imd, fouffd! 1110::" : schaouor washing about witli wtyoifc aboard ?h. ,' : 'Tbo lalo woaW'j\t bo ovodiled,' eiid-.jjiij: -. ' ' ' ''Vi-.ri ?Th«agooftho vessel would tell n gainst euch & story, jorcn if you removed all thcr eridonco by throwing the clothe and small-arms over board and whntoror olw> might go to prove that tho schooner must havo boon floating about abandoned smco the year 1750 ! ; '.MToan'tlo.so dcclothw.nmssa, on no account/ dried Pitt, 'Well, sir/ fays Wilkinson, after another . Spell of reflection- 41 reckon you're- right. If AO bo tho law would seize the veasol and goods era the grounds that ho had betm a pirate and at! that's in her was plunder, wliy, then, Cbrtai&ly;, I don't sou nothin else hut to inake si smuggling job of it, ils y<tt wv sir. This being settlod (Wilkinson's concurrence being rendered tho easier by my tolling him that, providing the lading was safely run, I VtraW adhere to my undertaking to give them tx hundred and inxtv jk>uiuU each for their 4han>), I vrent bolow'und ajwrnt half an hour 0rvr a letter to Mr. .Tcrcniiah Mason. Thero Vtts so ink, but I found a pencil, and for paper I'twod tho fly-leaves of tho books in my cabin. I opened with u sketch of my adventures, and then went on to relato that the Boca w»4 a rwh ship; that she had been a niratu, I fiflked her seizure hv currying her to London ; that I stood gnevio'uslv in need of his counsel dsttTbclp, and begged him not to lose a moment i returning with tho messenger to Deal, and thero hiring a boat and coming to me, whom he would find orusuig off Bcachy bead. That I might know his l>out, I bade litm flr a jack a fiUlo below tho masthead. 4 As for the Boca del Dragon/ Iadded/ IVilkinsonwouhlrecoginsebcr if she were in the middle of a thousand -sail, and itodeed a tanner' boy would l>o able to distin guish her for Iter uncommon oddncssof flgurc.' 1 wo satisfied to underscore the words a rich shin/ quite certain his imagination would bo sufficiently fired by tho expression. At anything farther I durst not hint, as the lotter would bo pen for Wilkinson to read. When I had finished. I took a lanthorn and the keys of tho chest and went very secretly and ; w.. dxpodttiously to tho run, and rcmoving tiio" :> . ; layers of small-arms, from 'the/top of tho caso. that held the money, I picked out somo English . pieces, quickly roturncu tho smufl-arms, lockod tho chest, and returned. All this tuno wo were running up Channel before a fresh westerly wind. It was truo December weather, very raw, and tho horizon thick, but I knew my road well, and whilst, the loom of tho land showed, 1 desired nothing bettor than this thickness. But wary sailing delayed us; and it was not till ton o'cfock on tho night of the seventh that wo hovo the schooner to off tho shingly hooch of Lydd within sound of the wash of tho sea upon it, Tho Kir sheltered us ; we got the boat over ; I goto Wilkinson the letter and ten guineas, bidding him keep them hidden and to nso them cautiously with the silver change he would reccivo, lor tlior were all guineas of tho first George and might excite comment if he, a poor sailor, ill-clad, should pull them out and oxnibit them. Hnppilv, in the hurry of the timo, he did not think to ask me how I hud come by thcra. Ho thrust' them into his pocket, shook my hand and dropped into the bout, and the ; negroes immediately 'rowed him ashore. I stood holding a lanthorn ii|mhi the mil to servo them us a guide, waiting for tho boat to rctani,nnd never breathed more freely in my ,t Ilfo than when I heard tho sound of ours. Tim two negroes cmue alongside, and, clapping the tackles on to the boat, we hoisted her with the capstan, and then under very small canvas stood out to sounguin. (to be continued). 