NobeUst, LOVE'S YOJJNG pltEAM. ' - A isToitir. S-.V« iiV '.£ \i. ' Two . small.' cottagesslodd side'by ride at the Western edge of a wide.mohr hi 'Lanark shire. It looked a dreary tepot,al though the tiny . dwellingis were snhg and neat, with their thatched' ronfs in good renair. and. the whitewashed Avails overcrept by a conple pf elderly-, honeysuckles, which might "have served to point a moral, inasmuch as the longer tlieyjived the sweeter scented tliey appeared to gTOw. . .' . From these humble abodes a boy apd girl took their daily way to die ' parish school. Their names ' were Jamie Gilmore and Nancy Bobo, their ages eleven and nine respectively. In oneof the cottages Jived an old woman, the grandmother of Nancy, the orphan daughters of ber orily :son. In" the. other 'Jamie's parents Verided, with what, in local parlance, i- was termed ."their . " large- small family," iT' . Like the youthful Dgnte and his next door playmate, Beatrice Jamie Gilmoreand Nancy Rose hasf always been cioe allies. On their way to" lieol he wroulddi lier over swollen brooks, "and carjry her h'onie; ml Lis back when the return . 'journey /of. tWo- -inilee and a " bittock " seemed rather ;mucli "for - her strength. . . - To act thus implied small amount, of moral pluck, for his. young companions, laughed at his gallaritryVand called him " larrie " and 4,niissie," bat he never heeded. With the gentlest of dispositions the boy possessed a high innate sense of honour, sup posed by some people to he the special attri bute ' of " blue blond,' and so long as con - science told him he was doing right, sneers and jesting were of no avail, but slid past their supposed victim like water off the back of a wild duck. The strong mutuaj attachement of the two children sometimes set. their seniors wonder ing whether in due season it would or would not lead to matrimony, but the chief parties themselves entertained no manner of doubt on the subject; . " By-and- hy, Nancy,-" said her boy-later, one glorious" June evening, When thesjjiBo garden .where they were was aglowH-h cubbage-roses, and . pieOiiiiss and; niSiMplas, and even tlie bleak u»nor1ookt;gl6rifid id the amber radian ce of siinset-44 by-tod-by, when we are bigger, F1 1 marryyou, and work ' awfu' hard for siller; to buy you fine tilings. You would like that, wouldn't you ?" " Yes 1 bow graiid - it ivonld be ! but if I was away what would: grannie- do, for want of somebody to Bweep'the fireside, and set on the kettle, and" give lier her breakfast in bed?" . " Oh, that's easily settled. She could stay in bur. house, and wheii mother and father mid . Bab and Tommie, and the rest of tliriu come to s.ee what fine butter-scones you'll bake, and "such strong tea, and honey we'll have ! -It'll be splendid !(' " How clever and bonnie you are, Jamie. How spon will ' . we be married ; next month ?" ; "No, no, we:are not big enough yet-J biit mother said l am growing so fast that in anotbor - twelvemo nth '111 be nearly as fit ns. fatlier to take a dayl at the plough and get a jmanfesAgesT; " "" 1 , "-Butadthbugblmaproppses, God disposes. qngererlba'peripS tp which the boy looked "for ward .sp h opef tifiy , . bis father died sud denly, leaving a widow in .weak heallhT" with nothing -but li.er - ,mvjn , - exertions to de pend upon for bringing up .eight little ones, the youngest1 of whom was a baby in arms. Mere child as he-was; Jamie, being the eldest of tlie fainily,"TOse to the einergency, add tried to take his" father's place- with the orphans, in a inanneY which, all things con sidered, was simply . ttonichiog. "Diana greet, rainier, and losehe&rt;," he would say, when, in spite of his efforts and his arm,lt became : increasingly difficult to keep the .wolf from ihe door. ' This ,is our. sorest -pincii ; in & while, wlien the. bairns grow bigger, and are able to earn a", little, we'll do famously." = Never again bint about the poor-house ," before I'd see you there I ..would work till my arihs dropped off." ' it. - -W gEN ten years had .cpine "and. gone,- al- thougb the cott|ges ,|We.te sliil tenanted by their f orml JipcppinM " tlie? loca' ity was ..so altered as ariily jtblIB-1T€ognisable. A branch railway was being made across the moor, and where solitude used- to reign there was now 'a busy ecene. By common consent Nancy. Bose was voted the bonniest lass in the district, and. as good.a6 she was handsome. " Her mother, now turned fourscore, was mainly supported by the.iodiisiry of the -orphan she had-rear- od,;and who, it was. reported, " kept her as comfortable as the "highest lady in the laud." . .- ,. | Jamie Gilmore was % fine manly fellow, with all the cardinal virtues ligibly written upon his sunburnt countenance. His family adored him, and no wpnder, for with ex- 'amplaiy unselfishness he foiled late . and early for behoof of his mother land her children, the three eldest < of- wboVn, however, " were now in service, although1 five- still remained dependent upon " Our Jamie," as they fond Jy designated hixri.. J L- ? T" Inliis grade, andrJO -Jliat paTticular part of Scotland, persons usually knarry 'very earlju and there is no doubt tlmt but for the worthy responsibilities he ' had | undertaken Nancy wonld long ago have bcn his "wife. The pair . continued as devoted as of ..yore ; and who 60 . proudly glad as the pretty little " finacee," when h&ogjng; on her faithful lover's arm, she walked to the kirk on Sunday, or he sat by her side of an evening on tlie garden bench, admiring her nimble fingers as she knitted various articles, the Eroeeeds of which chiefly served to maintain er aged relative and self. As the copy has it, " To be good is to be happy and even had circumstances ne cessitated the delay of their union till silver threads appeared" . among the crisp black curls of the. one and the golden tresses of the other, the faithful " prpmessi sposi " might still have been fur froin! matched. But is a long Jane that liak no turning, and one fine morning, to :l|is ; siirpris'e, Jamie was offered the pbst-of master. at."a small station, on the main line, of tlieTrailway where lie had; been employed off ahd oh for the last cigh-i teen months. One ciin imagine" the worthy , fellow's delight.. Not only was he is in a position to marry without delay, but could ufford his jnp tlier a sufficient income; besides gratifying his bride by giving a home under his roof to her aged relative. As for Nancy, her every breath was an aspiration of gratitude t» tlie Giver of all good, while the fulness of her joy, instead of rendering her -self-absorbed, seemed to make - ber;„ if possible,. kinder to others and bon nier than she had ever looked before.. Such at least was Jamie's opinion, and he probably was right. in. July arrived — green and golden July — with jts skies of blue, and.boliTiy weather. \- Tlie weildingjyop fixed for the first of August, and willing bands were. busy fitting , up the future home of the young ' couple. Nancy was such a general favorite that she received numerous presents, which, if no great intrinsic value, were bestowed with sincere good wishes, and as heartily appre ciated- as if they were worth hundreds of gold and silver. ' -One;, afternoon hpr former Sabbath school " teacher, invited her to take a cup of tea at the farm where she herself now presided as -mistress:; So, dressed in her best gown and hat, ..she.-! light-lienrtedly repaired to Broom -Brne, looking in for a moment at the station house as she passed. At the .unexpected sight of her a enrions sensation of dread came over Jamie, as if his happiness was too intense to' last long. The feeling passed off directly, but almost to his own surprise.. The usual -embrace with wbicli he greeted her. partook more of rapture than had ever -been the case before, while after she was gone his - heart filled as lie stood look ing after- lier till the tears stood in his eyes. ; - - " I'll, maybe, call on my road back, dear," she had said, smiling lovingly up in his face. " .I ken you canna gang haute wi' me on ac count o' the Glasgow train coming, but, if. possible, I'll try to be here afore seven o'clock." After a most enjoyable "visit, tlie bonnie lass quitted Broom Brae, gaily expressing her thanks to the farmer's wife for the marriage present she had given her. " 1'in snre, my dear lassie," said Mrs. Old- stream, " I wish both qf you health to use it for many a long day , but won't you find it rather heavy for you to carry so far? If von like, one of tlie men shall take it over in his cart to-inorrow." ' " Thank ye kindly ma'am, but I'm no a bit feared for the weight, and I ken Jamie would like to see it. He'll be real proud." The gift was a plain but good small time- pieee,.-and carrying it in her arms, with her heart ... dancing cheerily in her breast, away hied Nancy Rose, looking as' fair apd -sweet as the choicest of T lier floial name sakes. ." .. Picturing to herself how gratified the stationmaster would be with tlie clock, she tripped rapidly alongside of the railway till It struck her that by stepping down the embankment, and crossing the rails to the opposite side of the line, she would consider ably shorten her walk.- She had more than once done the same tiling, and began to feel the timepiece heavier to carry than she expected; o ' e c e o o Sliiiets! groans! horror ! dismay ! Masses of broken timber and shivered glass ; all the -hideous debris of a railway smash, tipheaped \- in ghastly confusion ! Bounding a curve an unsignalled overdue goods train had been run into by the express. \- The number of injured persons was not so 'great as might be expected, but Nancy Bose was unfortunately oue of them. Day-dreaming, of. the bright future, she bad not beard the approach of the train, and "was. thiown down, seriously hurt" "about tlie chest, while one of her legs was.. -terribly, crushed. '- " We must take her to the Royal Infirmary in Edinburgh," said the surgeon, . after examining poor Nancy's injuries. . It was to Jamie lie spoke. The young man's heart felt broken at the sight of hersufferings, hut for lier 6ake he compelled himself te appear cahn. " Will she Jive, do you think, sir ?" he asked. " That is as Heaven pleases. We can but use the means. Poor tiling, she will never, in any' case, I fear, be of much use in this world J" /" But it is possible she may survive ?" " Well, yes." ." Thank you, sir,", faltered the big, strong nan. with unshed tears in his dark eyes.. " You'll do the best you can for us, sir ?" Tlie journey to Edinburgh was satisfactor ily accomplished. Jamie, having procured "an official substitute, accompanied the in valid, gazing at her as if he could not leave :'off while she- lay before hiiu deathly palC and half unconscious. , On the forenoon after she was received into the infirmary, the shattered limb was amputated skilfully and tenderly, under the influence of choloform. -The surgeon, who was a kind-hearted Christian man, took a special interest in the case. He was. comparatively a young man, and appreciated the feelings of the rustic lovers. To hie practised eye it soon became evident that those who had so fondly trusted to go through life hand in hand must speedi ly part, till tliey meet again beyond death s rivei in the changeless home above. Even had it been possible for the patient to survive the loss of hei limb, the injuries to her chest must ultimately have proved fatal. . On his way to the infirmary next morning, -.Mr. A ; determined to tenderly inform Jamie that hope had better now be relinquished, as without a niiracle she could riot recover ; for the poor fellow clung wildly to the idea that even yet his darling might be spared to liiiri. ' - - He was waiting at the door of the ward. / She's been greetin, sir," he sobbed ; " she says she'll be of nae use to me now without her leg, and that it inaug 'a be ower between us. Wad ye object, sir, to my marrying her at once ? It wad, may be, gie lier a glint 'o comfort. I cannot thole to see' my wee Nancy greetin." " Mo, my man, in the circumstances you will do quite right, in my opinion." " Maybe she'll come round yet ; wha kens ?" exclaimed the station-master, his face bright with a sudden conviction that if the surgeon " had na' thought there was still the ghost, at least, of a chance for his patient he wonld not so easily have acceded to his own request." That she would be lame and sickly, a bur den instead of a helpmate, 'did not weigh a straw with the noble young man. Site would be his Nancy, and -that was enough. But if the strange wedding was ever to take place there was no time to lose. The deeply-interested surgeon, went at on.ee to fetch the chaplain of the institution and with the assistance of the nurse the cere mony was performed. " Eli, Jamie, dear, but it's a glad -woman ye. hae made me this day," whispered the bride, as she lay back exhausted on the pil low tliat was scarcely .whiter than her still coriiely face. " I can die happy raoo. God bless and keep yon, my dearest, I never loved anither but yoursel'." \- She expired the same night, her hand clasp in that of the bridegroom of a few hours.1'. " Alas 1 for us all, some sweet hope lies, Deeply hidden from human eyes ; And in the hereafter angels may Boll the stone from its grave away." Who. can think that the union of these - true hearts, once in higher . and holier than earthly lov/waB "divided by death ? 