THE RECIDIVISTS A MELBOURNE ROMANCE. BY DAVID G. FALK. Author op "The Australians," &c.; All Rights Reserved. PART III. cliaptee IX The phlegmatic Mr. Sprowde'a preparations at Mr. Vinicombe's home of enterprise, though of a somewhat curious nature, did not take very long to accomplish. In company with the worthy j proprietor, the detective ascended to the upper story where the bedrooms were situated, and made a rapid survey of the two in which he was more particularly interested. They were both rooms of the. most ordinary description, plain and with very little furniture, buttlioap&rtmont; destined for the reception of Ranq possessed one advantage which the other did not — a fire place. The detective was not slow in perceiving this feature, and he even made & remark in reference to it. " He chose this room in perticklor," said Mr. Yinicombe in answer, "because it has a fireplace. It's the only one of the bedrooms as has. He used to have fires often on account of suffcrin' from chills — so he said. But Lord ! you don't know what it mightn't have been for, not now." His inspection of Ranq's apartment concluded, Mr. Sprowdc aocompanied by Mr. Yinicombe entered the room adjoining. There his proceed ings were of a somewhat moio energetic character. First he moved the bed until it stood close up to the wooden partition that divided the two apartments.' Then mouuting upon it, he prooeeded to boro with a gimlet ho produced from his pocket a couple of holes in the partition at a height that a man standing oil tho bed could easily command. This completed, he carefully obliterated all trace of what he had dono, by going to Ranq's room again and taking off the rough edges of the holes on that side and mopping up with wetted finger the littlo dribbles of sawdust that bad fallen to the floor. Such a cautious young man he was that he went to tho trouble of temporarily filling the holes again with little woodon pegs, and was not entirely satisfied until ho had returned once again to Rauq's room and seen that it was impossible to deteot anything of what he had done. Desplto his unconcerned manner he was extremely busy during the remainder of that day. Telegraphing and writing letters and consulting brother deteotives in that home of mystery in the city took up a great deal of his time, whilst instructing the perturbed Yinicombe in the part he was to play, bringing a bundlo of necessaries, and making final preparations for his stay under the eating house keeper's roof — all this was not effected without the expenditure of time and trouble. But busy as he was ho managed to get through his numerous duties in good time, and when the hour arrived that Ranq was expected to put in an appearance, he had so little to do that he found leisuro to lounge about the place, hands in pockets, with a greater appearance of unconcern than ever. But strange to say, his outward person had undergone a strange metamorphosis. He was no longer the quietly dressed young man who had passed the previous evening with Philip aud King, but a free mannered, pipe smoking, loud voiced sailor. There could not be the slightest doubt as to his nautioal connection, for his blue serge suit open at tho neck would alone have shown it, if his rolling gait and seamanlike talk had not. Under his altered guise he rollod about Mr. \ inicombo s establishment with the curiosity of a new comer with plenty of time on his hands, and oventnally got into conversation with the worthy proprietor at the door of the public diningroom. "No," said the latter regretfully, continuing the conversation. " It ain't so profitable as one might think. I always try to do my dooty by the public, and when I dob meals for sixpence I mean meals, and I mean sixpence, when a man can have as muo: as he can cat for six pence, there can't be overmuch profit. There's the dock hands as come hero every day for dinner; reg'lar customers thoy are, and always at the Hame time. Well, I have an agreement with them that they ecu oat as much as they like for sixpence, purvidin' they always keep to me, and don't go nowhere else. Such gorgons to stuff you never saw. They have wagers who can eat tho most. Three to four helpings of meat and nndden each time, and then thoy take it out of tho bread iu a way as you wouldn't be lieve." "Their work gives them an appetite, I sup pose," said the savior indifferently. '1 just believe j'ou it docs," answered Mr. Yinicombe with mournful meaning. "Nobody knows what a man has to put up with in tho eating house line, Mr. Sprowde." "Sprowde?" said the other indifferently. "Where? Who's he?" 4 That is Jack — I mean yes," he continued, in tho tones of one dwelling on the secret sorrow of bis life. 41 Nobody ktiows what it means. I do believe that the less a man's got to pay the more perticklor he gets. They can't cat this and they can't cat that; this ain't cooked sufficient, and that's cooked too much — the way some on 'em goes on is really tromen- jous. Only the day before yesterday one of them stevedores came in and had Irish stow and dumplins. Five blessed dumplins he put away as big as cannon balls, and then got up and made a row because there wasn't no sauce with them — ointment he called it. 4 My. missus always gives me ointment with that there stickjaw,' sea he, 'and I ain't going to finish till I get it.' And do you know, Mr. " "Jack," said the sailor, promptly. "Do you know, Jack," continued Mr. Vinicombo, lowering his voico as one who was relating a ghost story. "There's one of them hands, as . comes here very often ; as always asks for a menoo. He calls it & bill of ladin'. Fancy wanting a menoo with your dinner for sixpence; did you ever hear the like of that? I have a different dinner every day, and them as comes must take what's going or nothing at all. One day it's Leef ; next day it's mutton or 'ash, or pork, and theie's always pudden. But ae for a menoo or hill of ladin', or such like, I don't hold with them nohow." " Then he don't get it, I suppose," interjected Jack, absently. . Mr. Vinicombo. indulged in a meaning wink. "Well ; I make one up for him," he answered, a faint smile breaking over his fat face. " I put- down half a dozen different dishes and show 'em to him. 'I'll take biled fowl,' maybe be see.' It's off,' sea I. 'Then bring me roast pork and cauliflower,' ses he. 'That's off, too,' era I ; and so he has to come 'round to what's goln' for tbe day— may bo 'ash, or mutton, or such like. Then tbore's the matter of muatcrd. You wouldn't think how per- tickler a man can be about that . " " Hero's our man, I think," suddenly said tho sailor in an undertone, interrupting the courso of Mr. Yinicotnbe's business confidences with very little consideration. " Be careful now and mind what you say." A cab stopping in front of the eating houso was the cause of the young man's exclamation, and the figure of Mr. Jacquoa Hennepin Ranq descending from tbe interior bag in hand, showed that his supposition was correct. "Ha! my worthy Yinicombe," said Ranq, saluting his host with great cordiality. 44 1. am come, you see. Your good wife and children are all well, I hope. I am quite anxious to renew my acquaintance with tnom." 41 Ob, aye; thank von, the missus and child'en are all right," ho responded with a gasp. 44 1 am gratified to learn it. And tho room— it is ready for mc, I suppose?" 44 Oh, yes; it's ready," answered Mr. Yinicombo in the same way. 44 That's right. Then I will go thcro with my bag at once." Daring this short colloquy the absent visaged sailor was apparently gazing with a look of unconcern at tlio shipping in the river. But unmindful as he appeared to bo, one brief glanco was sufficient to tako in every lino of Ranq's face and every curve of his lank figure. Apparently satisfied with this — whioh, in fact, was all he had desired to do — tbe sailor lounged down the Y&rra; Bank-road with tho same air of having nothing to do, and finally lounged himself off. He was back again in the afternoon, however, with no perceptible change in his manner, and bappeuing to meet Mr. Vinicombo in tho passage, languidly raised his eyebrows in mnto inquiry as he passed. "Out," said Mr. Yinicombe, in answer, which monosyllabic seemed to havo not tho slightest effect upon the curious young man, for he passed on with out evincing any sign of interest. However, at Ranq's door he stopped and turned the handle. The door was locked ; but very composedly, after a glance rouud to aeo that ho was unobserved, the importurhablo sailor took a key from his pocket aud applied it to the look. Entering the room, he morle his way, with more alacrity than he generally showed, towards a small portmanteau near the bed, that evidently contained the whole of Mr. Ranq's personal effeots. Taking from bis pocket a small mass of something very white and very soft — something not unlike wax— ho applied it to the lock of tho portmanteau, pressing it into tho orifice with delicate force ; then, withdrawing it and glancing at it with a passing look of gratification, he replaced it in his pocket, made his way softly out of tho room, and locked tho door once again after him. The whole mcidcut took hardly a minute, and nothing came to interrupt the performance of Ferhaps it was that this overt act gave Mr. Sprowdc an appetite for his tea ; but if it was from that cause, or any other, ho sat an unoon- scionablo time over it. He took his pl&co; at a table to one side of tho dining room, so as to command the front entrance and also tho pas sage icuding from the side door. Sitting there, immersed in the day's paper, there was nothing in him to excite remark, sailors from off ship haviug always plenty of time on their bands. He read on patiently until about 8 o'clock, when a step at the side entranoe caused him to gl&noo; up from behind his newspaper, It was Knuq, and tho Bailor, now deeply immersed in tbe leading article, caught echoes of a short conversation betweeu him and Mr. Vinicornbe. "I would like a fire in my room," said tho former. " I have got tho clulls and have come home early in consequence. Pray ask Mudame your wife to put mo afire in as soon as it is con venient to her." "I'll do it myself," said Mr. Vinicombo, gasping as though ho had difficulty is gotting the words out. " You arc too kind " — this from Ranq — 44 but I thiuk to stay here for some time now, and hope to ropay your kindness." "Oh, that's all right," and Mr. Yinicombo, eager to escape, made his way prooipitatcly off A very short time after Ranq had gone to his room, the sailor rose from tho table, and like wise made his way upstairs. For such a re markably quiet young man ho mode a great doal of noise in mounting the stairs and traversing the passage. Even when he had reaohed his own room ho gave vent to two or three loud hiccoughs, doublo as many yawns, and stumbled about tbe apartment in the clumiest way imaginable. Ho was so very noisy that it must havo been quite a relief to any ono who heard him when ho got into bed, whick he did also noisily, making the bedstead creak in a very audible faction. But once lying half dressed on the bed, he acted in a different way. Cautiously and carefully he drew himself up until his legs were well under him ; then just &3 cautiously gradually raised himself until ho had attained a standing position on the bed. Not a sound was heard us he accomplished these move ments, and not a sound was heard as he drew the two little pegs out of tho holes ho hod bored, and applied his eyes to tho orifices. A half hour went by, and still Mr. Sprowde remained at bis post ; an hour, and still be was there. Twice or thrice he let himself down 09 cautiously »i ho hud risen, and turning in the bed as a sleeping man would, uttered two or three heavy snores. But after a short rest iu this fa»bion, ho would always quietly raise himself ogaiu and apply his eyes to the holes. Until nearly 11.3U did he keep this careful watch, and it was only when Rami's light was put out for the night that he tiually gave It up. Such a painstaking young man he was, despite his chrome look of unconcern, that he nover seemvd tired of prosecuting this duty. The next night— aud tho next— aud still the next— ho was at his post, patient, noiseless and untiriug. But 011 tho afternoon of the fourth day ho called at tho cottage iu Emerald Hill, and finding Philip at homo alone gave him to understand that he wanted his services immediately. Taking train into town, Mr. Sprowdo— transformed once again into a respectable huaineaa man— made hia way up Colliua-tUeet followed by Philip and turned into the sacred portals of the Mel bourne Club. Leaving his companion for n moment in tho passage, be entered one room after another witli an easy air of familiarity and eventually rejoined Philip with the same lnnk wearied impassibility. " Co into the reading room," ho whispered ; pretend to look at the papers, but aee if you recognise tho man sitting ncur tho window in an easy chair. You will easily know tho one I mean He has grey hair, none on the top of his head' and is dressed in a black ooat and oheck trousers! Don't let him see that you are looking at him. Joiu mo outaido when you have doue "Well?" ho said laconically when Philip re turned, and the two wore walking down Collins- street togetlior. " I know him. His name is Iastone. He's a relative of mine." " Hum 1" "But what abont him ? Why do you wont to know if I know him ?" ."Ho wae with Hanq laet night," said tho detective meaningly. "I followed him to the olub after he'd loft." " With llanq t" "Yea.' But never mind that now. Tell mo what you know about him." " Very little. He is the nophew of my father's sister s husband. ibo uncle's name was Clis- sold ; ho married my aunt, om I say. They ate both dead, aud this Instone iuherited tho estate bring nearest of kin— a station oalled Fairview' whioh ho. bas/sinco sold, and a considerable sum in monpy,.Il»lxeve." 44 Hum . 14 1 ncvor know anything about my aunt and her husband — I don't even remombor seeing either of them. I separated from my family at a very early ago," continued Philip with some hesitation, 44 and did not come into contaot with any of my relativos for a very long time." The detcotivc nodded. 44 But what docB it all mean?" asked Philip eagerly. "Why should he visit Ranq ?" 41 1 don't know myself, Mr. Masters, "answered tho detecth % becoming impaasivo once again, "so I can't toll you anthing. Leavo it to me and I'll find out all in eood time. Don't bother yourself, and mind you keep silent about it. when thoro is anything to communicate, bo sure that you shall know it." 44 But tho papers?" 44 1 have not found out where they are yet. Thoy arc not in his portmanteau, for I took the liberty of opening it; and they are not any where about bis room. He must either carry tbcm about with him, or else he has a con federate, and Ac's got them. It's that what's keeping me back. I want to make sure of thorn before I go to extremes. But any moment when I learn where they are we can put hands on him, for we're working up a pretty strong caan against him." 41 Well, I hope to heaven you Buccocd," said Philip earnestly. 44 You take my advice and don't be anxious, Mr. Masters," rosponded tbe detective with good naturcd carelessness. 44 You can leave it all to me. Care killed a cat, remombcr, and a cat lias nine lives. Being over anxious about a thing very often makes it go wrong," ho added Bentontiously ; "and wo don't want things to go wrong by any means." With this meagre information Philip was obliged to be satisfied. He knew well enough that Sprowde was not to be pumped when he had made his mind up to silence; and ho furthermore folfc assured that when there was auvthing defiuito to communicate he would be informed of it. Philip took leave of his companion, and soon after parting from him made his way to Olympus House to consolo himself with a sight of Rick. He fouud her with tho other occupants of that homo of learning in the private sitting room j upstairs. And not ouly were she mid Miss Skillicorne and Miss Yarty in possession of tho ; room, but tho apartment was further graced by ; tho prcsonco of Mr. Augustus Flobbs and Mr. j Valentino Skillicorne. | The interesting patient was evidently suffer- j ing a recovery. By what he subsequently | declared to bo a miraculous intervention of Providence ho had not succumbed mider the : magnitudo of his inflictions, but also, according to him, bad weathered the gale by the noble endurance of sufferings. Ho was dressed in j slippers and dressing gown, and had a smoking cap on his head, all of which — allied to his fat- ncss— gave him quite a patriarchal air. He seemed very much depressed, however, and quite cringed in Philip's presence. Doubtless, even he folt how despicable ho must appear to tho man before him; and he showed it by suoh i a shallow pretence of being unaware of it, that bo ax>peared in a more contemptible light than ever. Over nnd above this, the lion-hearted Valen tine was in a pitiable state of fright as to what might bo the outcome of ttio disclosures ho had so foolishly been led to make. Visions of the j infuriated Frenchman burning with revenge filled his weak mind coutiuually. No less terrible visions— now that tho law was stepping in— of what might come to him for tho share he bad borne in the affair tortured his mind likewise. , So moved was ho by fear, that he could not i help taking Philip to ono side and whispering in ' hU oar. 44 Have you seen him ?" "Who?" said Philip, sternly. 44 Ranq," ho answered, with a shudder. 44 No." 44 What are you going to do then?" bo- whiypered apprehensively. 11 If you leave him, ! ho 11 escape you and then he'll murder me. I toll you it isn't safe whilst he's about. Ho'U got to know that I told you about — about — you know what, and he'll murder me." 1 44 When the right time comes the law will j stop in," said Philip, making no effort to conceal his contempt. 44 As to yourself, I have ; nothing to say." | "Do you think they can do anything to me?" ; continued tho invalid, every vestigo of pride i swept away. "I've told all I know. Tho, j detective knows I told him everything." | 44 You kopt what you kuow to yourself I until your very cowardice forced you to come You would have let an innocent 1 girl become the dupe of an escaped convict and j never open your mouth to save her, because you wero frightened for yourself. Nothing can . excuse that." « i M But I didn't mean " commenced Valen tine abjectly. 44 1 have nothing more to say to you " responded Philip, turning away in disgust. ' Alas ! poor Valentine. Where was his dignity ! now? Where that majesty ofdcportinent ho had so prided himself upon ? Where the overpower ing sense of iin|>ortance that had been so prominent as almost to deceive himself into the bolief in his own greatness? All gone. All vanished. j Even Lucrcce and Evolcena that evening seemed to bo somewhat out of sorts. It hannened to no the first occasion of Valentine's leaving his bedroom, and a littlo restraint was perceptible 151 Under these circumstances Philip s stay was not a veiy long one. In taking but departure Riok accompanied him to the gate, and thoro their parting was of a more domonstrativo nature than was generally tho cose. It was a bright moonlight night, and its influence perhaps turned their hearts to more than ordinary tenderness. " Ilofc 1)0 fr lon8 now, my darling, that wo shall have to part like this;" whispored Philip, drawing her to him. 44 A very short 'y will nothing shall soparate us." I bono so, dear Philip." " W Lheart tells mo it will not be long, love. It will be a happy day— a doubly happy day— tho one when I tako you to be mine. Even you. Rick, cannot know all it will bring." briug happiness to you and me, Philip, as I am euro it will, what else can I car© to know ?" 44 My true hearted girl Always the same, always tender and eonatant. You are right. It shall bring happiness. No love shall ho truer than mine, no heart shall beat more fondly. Wo snail be happy. I fool it." ;; And I too," whispered the girl softly, llow can it bo otherwise?" he continued with docper fooling, gazing fervently into her palo faoa looking almost spiritual in tho bright moonlight. 4 How can it be othorwiso ? Our love in not a thing of yesterday ; it is not the passion of tho moment. It has grown with our growth ; strengthened year by year. Oh ! Riok ; my ufe, my love. I have never known the real ueptli of my love for you until of late." Dear Philip," she said gently. But thoro, thero, you arc cold. Kiss' mo before I go. Good night, and bright dreams to you, love." Poor Philip I Did no warning dream oome to him that night— did nn «.< boding of whet was in >.J? Tho moonlight flooded the oui i'8 nd! transformed the ugly stroetin/1 , T.Pffl The young girl statin,? by the shining rays, gazed i— „ ' after tho retreating form of fr"",'1 "rcMlpP tenderness of the moment lent an . 1 UPj to her face ; tho love at her heart eyes and made them Inmino". "! MSB warmer deeper than that which the eii Wll ness of the moon reflected in them llH Poor child ! gaZe long nniiea„;t,v IS thy heart's lovo speaking i„ thy S' Vlll him always as ho was that nh-ht .7 "MiSI tender and hopeful— for never nelii ro5 »ms8B oyes behold him in the pride of h?»V ,lh4lffll manhood. 1 o£ hls stt6«i mTSIB 