\- ' ;.;: Asawaemeata DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. (Bt Toitohstonk.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 21. ?ROYAL CLARENCE THEATRE Manager ... ... Mr. F. B. Watson .Stage Directors , ??',... ' Messrs. Harry Jackson and Vinson, Tubsdat, May i, 1855. The infant prodigy MISS .ANNA M. QUINN. Tho performance ' will commence .'? with the drama. ... . . '' , : . THE OLD GUARD. Haversao (the Old Guard) ... ' ... ... Mr. J..H. Vinson -.^Jiord Beauville ... ..V , Mri Miran llfenrv/Vebre. . ... '' '...'. Mr: Lewis JBawsoh*. ... ... Mr: Jambs Hasker Melaine *'*.'..1' ?-?,... ../Mrs. Harward Xady Beauville. , ...Miss Luobllb Graham ' After whioh the first aot of ? HAMLET. Hamlet ...... ... MissQtriNN Horatio, Mr. Vinson; King, 'Mr. iiewis; Iiaertes, Mr. Miran j Ghost, Mr. ByerB ; Foloniua, Mr. Harry Jackson ; Marcellus, Mr. Hasker. S To be followed by the laughable farce THE KING'S GARDENER. .Mons. Galoohiad ... Mb. Harry Jackson ' The whole to conclude with tho ACTRESS OF ALL WORK. Mabia ... .;. ??? ... MissQuiNN Boxes, 5s j Pit, 2s6d. . - The following are the present bills at the -rarions Melbourne Theatres :— Theatre JRoyal, 'Human Nature j'. Princess ?.-., Theatre,' New1 Magdalen ;'. Opera House, vjTool'a; Revenge.;'. Alexandra' .Theatre,', ? '*»The Beggar Student.'' ? --.?''?? Mr. George R. Ireland has been engaged by Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Mus^ .' grove to play the part of 'Hawker,' in ?? Human Nature.' The Sydney Theatres, are running the following bills of fare, Theatre Royal, ?? Pepita ;' Criterion Theatre,~' Sophia j' ana Her Majesty's ' Julius Cmsar.' Miss Katie Putnam has gone back to America. . A Melbourne paper pronounces the Iago cif Mr. H. N. Douglas superior to either ?that of Miln or Dampier. . That excellent theatrical scribe,|' Q.' in Jus ' Whisperings in the Wings' in a Melbourne weekly, writes:— The other light I had a chat with that popular friend of elder playgoers, Harry Edwards,. who 3ias just returned from America. ' Yes,' le says, ' ' If s twenty-two years Bince I left these shores, since I went away with lady Don in 1867. Feel? Feel as well' »3 ever ; and that's saying something for « man of sixty-three. Fancy, it's thirty four years since I made my first appearance in Melbourne with G. V. Brooke, under -whose fostering care I did my best to climb the ladder. And dear old Barry Sullivan, too ; well do I remember hib first appear ance as 'Hamlet,' at the Royal. Yes, the States have principally been my happy hunting ground sinca I left you, and I'm Teal glad to get back to see old, friends again and make new acquaintances. But ?what a change there is in Melbourne, and ?what improvements and advance you have ?, made. I can't recognise some of it ; but ?then I haven't had time . to get nearly -round about it all. What I'm hero for is to submit to you one of the successes of tho day in the dramatised version of Mrs. Bur ? siett's novel, Little Lord Fauntleroy. It las, as you kpow, been a hit alike in Britain and in America, and I'm sure it will beihe same in Australia. I've brought oveivsix people, all of good standing in .the 'pro- fession, and little Miss Burnett, who plays the title' role, is exceptionally clever, , and ?was a great favourite in America. We will 'he augmented by prominent members of tho firm's staff, and we have begun re learsing with tho intention of giving you a look at us at the Princess a 'fortnight or three weeks hence. . . 'Q' also notes the following :-rThe other day I met St. Maur on. the street . just back from a nicely successftl tour and about to start out again on playing1 pere grinations. He is going' to India, for the -old weather ; and, meanwhile, he has i . got a capable company together who will appear in opera bouffe, drama, and comedy and variety. Besides the dramatic corps there will be Harry Arnold, triok skater, ?and Leo, the child actress. The tour is again under the management of Leonard Xane, who has joined partnership with St. Maur, Prinsep being business managers. All success to them ! P. T. Barnum does npt look like a man Vho haa just entered upon the 80th year of iis life. He is displaying the energy of . other times in pushing along the prepara -tions for shipping the great American «ircus and menagerie to London. Instead of retiring from business, Mr. Barnum is ? aready to lay hold of every novelty that may, . ie brought within his reach. A rare old \showmau is Barnum. \ The other day at Monte Video, Adelaide Tessero, the sister of Madame Majeroni, took her farewell benefit in 'MaryStuart.' The receipts were close upon .£500, and the actresB was the recipient of 30 baskets of flowers, a brooch composad of brillianta, a bracelet containing an immense ruby, a diamond ring, a fan mounted in gold with ler cipher in brilliants; and a score of other costly offerings. ^Fergus Hume is in London enjoying the sea3on and such distinction as appertains to 3-eing ' the man who wrote the 'hansom cab story, doncherkriow.' He goes out (writes a correspondent of a N.Z. contemporary) a good bit into B romp ton society, is made much of by Anglo-Australians as 'one of our rising men,' and graciously patronised l-y the larger literary lions of the Sarile Club. X don't fancy he has made much money yet either by his books or play!- He has, however, a' new' drama in hand from which the inevitable 'great things' are expected, and' which should bring in the dollars. Mrs. Langtry,who has recently returned from Vichy, will open her autumn tour on September 9, at- Wolverhampton. She will appear in ' Esther Bandraz,' also in 'Lady Clancarty ' and 'As You Like It,' and will, we understand, probably give one or two other plays a trial. Mr. Gaston, Murray, whose death ' is announced, was born in London in ' 1826, and made his debut in London, March 2, 1855, at the Lyceum, as Tom Saville in ' Used Up.' He played in various London and country theatres. He was a brother of Leigh Murray and Edward Murray, and the husband of Mrs. Gaston Murray, a well-known actress. His real name was, we. believe, Gaiston Parker Wilson. The Olympic Theatro is, it is Baid, to be rebuilt and greatly enlarged. ' Mr. Wilson Barrett is spoken of as a probable lessee. ' The Middleman,' a new play of modern English life, by Mr. H.A. Jones, was pro dnced at the Shaftesbury Theatre on August 27. It proved to be of strong dramatic- interest, was exceptionally well actad, and achieved a decided success. Mr. John S anger, the circus proprietor, died at Ipswich on August 22. He had arrived there about a week previously, when his circus performances were given for two days, but he was too unwtll to leave the town with his company. Mr. Sanger contracted a violent cold while travellings to Ipswich, and, notwithstand ing the attendance of several medical men, he died from pneumonia. He was the eldest of the three brothers in the pro fession, and was 70 years of age. '! The new Drury- Lane drama, by Mr., ?Henry, Hamilton and Mr. Augustus Harris, was to be produced .on Sept. |21.. It! tells a story of Roundheads and Cavaliers, and will be acted by Miss Winifred Emery, Miss Ada Neilson, and Miss Laura Villitrs, and Messrs. Henry Neville, Arthur Dacree, Luigi Lablache, and Harry Nicholls. The hon. Lewis Wingfield will design the dresses. Everybody interested in the drama and dramatic literature will be glad to learn that : Mr. Frank Marshall, who has been in very bad health for some time, is well on the road to recovery. Mr. Marshall is one of the few dramatists and dramatic critics of -the present day who can also claim to be a scholar. He knows some thing more than the theatrical gossip of the last few years. He is editor of tho ',' Henry Irvine Shakspeare,' and in this ?work he has shown throughout admirable . critical insight and excellent literary taste. A correspondent to an Australian weekly refers to the con versatiBm. of English and Colonial critics with regard to renditions of artists in the musical world, stating, in effect, that critiques written for the daily newspapers are not honest in that they un duly laud the efforts of English and colonial musicians while depreciating those of talented foreigners. He refers to cer tain reports in Sydney newspapers, ad versely critical, and deplores, with the ardour of a true lover of music, the Ecant courtesy bestowed upon the masterpieces of the great composers of Europe, and of the musicians who have sought to popular ise them by soulful illustrations of their beauties. He accuses the colonial daily Press of imitation of the tactics of the English.' journals, some fifteen years ago, when (he states) foreign artists of the. greatest genius were not allowed to obtain a footing in England, when .' Rubenstein Liszt, and Cho'pin, were driven but of the country, while' Arabella Goddard reigned supreme as the piattiste of England.' ? The ; ; Continental papers describe a souvenir of Mozart ; that is to say, the alto on which the composer played so frequently at the, house of the burgomaster Einart at Leip3ic in 1789. l Tamagnp, the famous , Italian : tenor, visits . America under an engagement to Mr. Abbey, of New York, the terms being, .£20,000 for 48 performances, to sing on alternate nights with Patti. : ?'?.', Mr. Charles Snyded, who in Jenny Lind's ,days, under the name of Asthon, was 'a great operative f avourite,has recently been admitted to the hospital at San Fran cisco. In his more youthful days, among the presentshe received was a lyre studded with 27 diamonds, the gift of the Marquis Lafayette. . ' ? The local authorities of Crema, the birth place of the late Signor Bottesini, have started a subscription list for the purpose of erecting a monument in memory of the deceased virtuoso. ? . ' M. Atnbroise Thomas's opera ?' Hamlet' was performed on August 10 for tho fiftieth time, at the Hofopor of Vienna, and on tha following day the 250ch performance of Wagner's ' Lohoengrin' took place. Two project to erect a statue of Mendels sohn in Leipzig, which has been in abey ance, for many years, is now in a fair way of accomplishment. The Municipality has headed the subscriptions with C000 marks (.£250). ? Two violins belonging to: the deceased performer and teacher Alardhave recently been sold, a Stradivarius for .£2000 and a Stainer for -.£260. A third violin by Guarnerius was left by will to the Paris Conservatoire. : Everbody will be sorry to hear the news which comes from Scandinavia about Madame Christine, Nilsson's health.' The famous prima donna, it appears, has become yery delicate indeed. A Ehort 'attack of illness has left behind a dangerous loss of mental power, and she is also suffering from that most terrible of afflictions to musicians, the almost entire loss of hear ing. - ' ' It is stated that the veteran maestro Verdi, is engaged on a new opera, ' Romeo and Juliet,' and that the first act has been recently, completed. Five years ago Madame Carlptta Patti met with a second accident, falling down tairs and breaking tho hitherto u nlamed leg. Since then she has been unable to appear in public, and has supported herself by teaching singing in Paris. When in her prime she had a very fine voice, of remarkable compass, reaching, it is said, to the G sharp in alt. ? A telegram from Buenos Ayres, addressed to the Milan Trovatoro, announces the successful, revival of ' Romeo and Juliet,' with Patti and Do Lucia. It ia said; the receipts were .£4000. Tho latest American musical phenomenon is a 'pedestrial pianist,' who plays with her toes instead of her fingers. A critic who interviewed her says : ' Her touoh is n t mellow, but still it as not : hard. She plays 'The corn is waving, Annie dear,' iwith exquisite tenderness' and ; true cliiropodistical expression. . Her ccta-y* playing is good, and her full-toned heel: passages were admirable.' . . 