MARYBOROUGH Monday. (FROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT). A petition having been forwarded to Bishop Moore requesting that Father O’Neill be al lowed to remain in charge of the Marybo rough mission, the bishop has replied that the arrangements for Father O’Neill’s re moval have been irrevocably fixed, and that bis place will be taken by two priests of the Order of the Holy Ghost, who “ will be able to render, services to the mission of Maryborough, which would necessarily over tax the energies of ever so zealous a paster as Father O’Neill,” who, the bishop adds, will be placed over a mission “ more than equal to that of Maryborough, so that 'the present removal will involve no disadvantage what ever to Father O’Neill himself.”. The rev. gentleman’s transfer is to Camperdown, ill the Western district, whither he proceeds in the beginning of February. A movement has been set on foot to present him with a testimonial prior to bis departure. The Wood Cutters and Carters’ Associa tion, recently established ia this district, have adopted a petition for presentation to the Minister of Lands, stating the grievances that the* wood trade are laboring under owing to the stringency’ of the existing timher regulations, and asking for certain modifications of same iu their favor. The Maryborough district School of Mines is to be opened on 21st instant. Mr W. C. Matthews, of Melbourne, lias been appointed director at a salary of £3OO a year. The newly-appointed minister of tile local Presbyterian Chinch—Rev. L. M. Weir, of St. Kiida—is to be inducted into his new charge to-morrow afternoon. The Ven. Archdeacon Julius, of Ballaratj is announced to lecture at Majorca this eveu ihg in aid of St. James’ Church funds. Mr \Y. H. Edgar, formerly of Dunolly, and who lias been one of the successful few in the Melbourne land boom, is announced as an intending candidate for the Parlia mentary representation of the new Dunolly electorate. Mr Edgar left the drapery* busi ness to prepare for the ministry, when a fortunate investment in metropolitan soil converted him into a land agent. He has since been carrying on a paying business in the metropolis. Mr C. J. Rogers, assistant clerk of courts at Maryborough; lias been appointed clerk of petty sessions at Avoea, Moonambel, and Lexton. lie commences duty uuder the new appointment to-day. Typhoid fever is again appearing iu Mary borough, though no fatalities have yet oc curred. One fatal case occurred on Satur day at Talbot, where the disease is preva lent. One of the local nightmen named Elliott has been discovered by the police depositing uightsoil in the market garden of a Chinese named All Young, from whom he has been receiving Is per load for the deposit. The garden is adjacent tn the Royal Park manure depot. The offender is to he prosecuted under the Health Statute. 