LOCAL AND GENFRRL. Turs Boulanger tfiial is expoeted to. end in finsco. IT is said General Bonlanger intends to visit Ireland. LECTuar on Robert Emmet at the Lyceum Hall to-night. TrEs discovery of a coal seam at Irwin, WV.A., is reported. CoNSIDERAntLE sickness prevails amongst the shipwrecked sailors at Apia. A noneiaRY of 53,000 florins ias taken place at the post-office at Trieste, Italy. TiIB ironfoundcrs' strike at Ballarat is at an end. Work is to be resumed to-day. THERE are no fresh developments in con riection with the Brisbane urinters' strike. H'laE Responsible Government. Bill lias been passed in the West Australian Council. TBis body of a butcher named.Cooper was found floating in Hobson's Bay on Sunday. A SERIOUS affray took place in Brisbane on Saturday afternoon between roughs and the police. The total German force at present at Samoa consists of eighty marines anid four officers. A woman named Mrs Kennedy was run over at Kilmore Junction (Vic) yesterday and killed. THE British Chancellor of the Exchequer will redeem £15,000,000 consols in May at £101 Os. Gd. A MeANAOER of a bedding factory, whoso name is Dyer, is charged in Melbourno with embezzling £(00. MlESSRS. MAIR, Bi:'NErTT, LINDUS and LUDnOW hdjudicatcd in the police coure business yesterday. MR. Jonr D)ru.o saye lie has more friends in England than either Lord Salisbury or Mr. Chamberlain. A ciIErris'r in Melbourne has been fined for selling " Iough on Bats " contrary to the Sale of Poisons Act. Ma. CHAREsS F. GAITAX, Postmaster General of Western Australia, died in Mel bourne on Saturday. A TERanIiLE railway accident lias occurred on the Canadian Grand TrunK Rlhilway near Hamilton, Ontario. A IcRE, which causcd damage to the valuo of £3000, occurrad in Elizabeth-street, Mel bourne, on Sunday. TUte Bank of Victoria has offered a reward of £750 for the arrest of the absconding ac countant, Hornbuckle. A NEWy evening paper, the REvenis9 Standard, male its first appearance in Melbourne yesterday. TSe Victorian Premier says tlat colony is not disposed to enter into a more frequent miil service with America. A riRE at Numurkah (Vie.) on Saturday morning resulted in the destruction of pro perty to the value of £14,000. A jnOY named Lionel Barlow was drowned in a waterhole near Dubbo on Friday. The body was recovered on Saturday. THE condition of the Manning River bar is to be reported upon by an oflicer of the Harbours and Rivers Department. A WRITER in the Ediinblurgh Reviewe declares that Melbourne is the most strongly defended port in the British Empire. MIn M. HOrKIorrs, a Melbourne contractor, shot himself in the head with a revolver on iaturday, and died from the injuries. TIjE Imperial Governument will bear the expenses in connection with the inspection of the colonial forces by General Edwards. A ruslro meeting was held in the Mel bourne Towin Hall last night to consider the question of extra hospital accommodation. A. exposure of immoral practices is threat ened in Melbourne where the police intend to prosecuto the keeper of a house of ill-fame. GENERAL BOwLANGER says that if lie is cmpelled to leave the. United Kingdom lie will proeood oatIor to America o-5n Sydney. THtE house of a Mr. Yhiinnock, at.1'nvlin's Siding, near Narand ra, was " stuck up " by an armed man on Saturday and robbed of £2000. STr. GEORGE'S Roman Catholic Church, Melbourne, has been broken into by burglars and the contents of the collection bo::es stolen. THE recent alleged eases of intiimidation of non- unionists yesterday resulted in two of the accused being fined 40s. each. A third was discharged. MAJonR-GENERAlx RIeARDSox,C .B., says he consrientiously believes New South Wales possesses a force of citizen soldiery of which it may well be proud. A 'worAx named IM'Grath was found in an unconscious state on the railway at Croy don on Saturday. She subsequently died in the Sydney Hospital. DuRIGe the recent riots in Vienna 200 persons were wounded, 500 arrests were made, and damage was done to the extent of a hun dred thousand florins. THE Queensland commandant has issued a general order placing on record the pluck and endurance of the defence force during the recent encampment at Lytton. A MAN named William Henry Jones was yesterday at the Melbourne Central Criminal Court sentenced to death for an assault on his daughter, a child aged 12 years. Mr. DILLON, M.P., states that he would undertake to carry a motion in favour of Home Rule for Ireland in any large town in England against any representative Unionist. LORD SALISBURY has written to General Boulanger that he cannot permit him to use tlhe shelter of England for the purpose of carrying on a movement against the French. Government. SINCE the 1st of last December there have been 3679 cases of typhoid fever in reported in Melbourne. Of these 386 were fatal. Of 386 cases of diphtheria reported during the same period 132 were fatal. A MUSICAL evening will be held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, King-street, to-night. Sailors, for whom there is in Newcastle a scarcity of amusement, will be able to obtain enjoyable relaxation in a dull seaport town. MR. W. ROBINS for several years station- master at Newcastle, will on Monday be transferred to Armidale for the good of his health. He will be succeeded by Mr. G. T. Dowling, of Singleton. THE transfer of Mr. W. Robins, station- master at Newcastle, to Armidale will be a source of regret to Newcastle citizens to whom he has been uniformly courteous and.obliging during the time he has been stationed here. IT is considered certain that the Govern- ment proposals to issue Treasury bills to liquidate the deficit on the security of subur- ban lands will be withdrawn in favour of issuing the bills on the general security of the colony. WAY LEE, the friend of Parkes, has sent a protest to the Premiers of N.S Wales and Victoria, requesting that measures be taken to exempt from the payment of the poll-tax Chinamen who enter those colonies from the colonies in which they reside. THE N.S.W. Government analyst has re- ported that the water used for drinking pur- poses at the Kiama public school is unfit for human consumption. If that is the case, perhaps it might suit the taste of the Kiama "ghost". We merely make the suggestion, anyway. Ma. '.Gonatomr yesterday,' in pleading guilty n:behlialfof a client, said he had used the lan'ruage complained of 'in his own house,' acting'obii tle' old saying tliat" an` English man's ;house is his castle," and therefore he thought he had a perfect right to do as hle liked. -The Bench differed in this respect, and ho'had to forfeit £1 8s. 4d. : A wo'.r; 's ." . *Wr~IIE, wooing" winsomoeWinnie, .whispeoied, " Will we wed ?" w Softly sighing, site, serenoly smiling, suAttly said, " Now,' no nonsense "-naively nodding "no, no, never-nil.'" Wlillie went, when weeping Winnie wrote Swith warmth, " We will . . , . Tcit sand.drift should be dealt with immediately. Mn. J. H. WANT, M.L.A., has returned to SBydney from Japan. J., D. D..Porn, on "Robert Emnmet" to night s~t the Lyceum Hull. THE Wickham School of Arts does not appear to be nearly as "live " as it should be. A "Mns. Errpen" is advertised for in the Age. Perhaps "Jack" has come homn o again. GENERAl, Bo ArnoER has decided to stay in England for some time, arnd has lhired a furnished house. TrtE Duke of Edinburgh has improved in health, and was able to travel from Plymouth to London on Sunday. A dooni AusT'nAra sN parson hgIs started in business as a mnining nmanager. Scrip in stead of scripture--that's all. TcER2E is said in New South Wales to be a brother of Mr Georgo Augustus Sale running marble quarries in that colony. OF 25,000 crimninals arrested in Paris, 16,000 had not attained the age of 20. Tlhis does not include the politicians. A COLOUREDn man Is said to have been tomahawked last nightduring a lquarrel. The alleged aggressor has been arrested. TuE third mate of the steamer Gulf of Martalan fell on his head at Adelaide 'ester day, and sustained serious injuries. SEVEN hundred itvitations have beeodn issued in connection with thie ceremony of thle opening of thle Hawkesbury Bridge. NEIGonBOUns' quarrel fought out yester day before the local bench, and, as usual, hard swearing was resorted to by both sides. IT is expected that the conterence of the Powers on Samoon affairs, which commences in Berlin to-morrow, will be of short dura tion. THE death is announced of Mrs Williams, mother of Alderman Williams, of Hamilton The deceased lady was nearly 80 years of age. A young man named Frederick Hobbs gallantly rescued a young lady named Weybourne, who fell into the water at Long Bay yesterday. A SAILOR was before the Court yesterday for an alleged attempt to pick a man's pocket, but was disclharged, owing to the meagre evidence. MRS CORSTON, accused in Sydney of com mitting bigamy, was found guilty yesterday, and sentenced to imprisonment until the rising of the court. CECILIA ROSS tried to end her existence by partially strangling herself with a handker chief. She now awaits to be tried by ajudge and jury at Maitland. War do not the people of Wickham sup post the School of Arts. Ilhey ought not to allow such an institution to become almost useless for want of assistince. MR GEORGE MURRAY, associate to the Chief Justice of South Australia, fell down a shaft at the Adelaide railway station on Sun. day, and sustained severe injuries. A VERDICT Of wilful murder has been re corded against some person or persons un known at the inquest on the body of a male child found in Sydney on Saturday. A WOMAN "hammered" a man with a bottle at Cook's Bill yesterday, but the police have been unable to obtain information that would warrant the arrest of the virago. 'Tos a humane act to kill canines, By electric shock, we own, But then it gives a wicked taste To the sausage of Bologeno. SIxvr per cent. of the railways of tihe world are in the Englishl-speaking cuntl-es. and the language used by thlose who travel on them is entirely unfit for publication. LToan 3I roxSa , is becoming very infirm, end is very msuch aillicted with failing sight. Neithler lhe nor Lady Tennyson are able to spend 'bhO wnternC it ulcland with any safety. A acnlr:Iots collection of ancient news papers is being formed by a Connecticut literary man. ife already possesses 51,000 copies of journals representing 8000 different publications. Is it the correct thing for a magistrate to leave the bench for a few minutes, appear in thle witness box as a defendant in a tenant's case, and immediately return to the bench, and adjudicate in the next ease ? Concuoalts are being sent to the various friendly societies in thie district, inviting each lodge to elect a representative to attend a meeting to be held, witlh the object of hold ing a Friendly Societies' demonstration. MR STEPHEN POWELL, secretary of tihe Star of Adamstorwn Lodge, I O.O.F., hlas been preserted by the members of the lodge withll a gold medsl, in recognition of his valuable services as financial srcretary. CATHERINE WILLIAMS, 69 years of age, was found dead yesterday morning at the re sidence of her son, in Wolfe-street. At the inquest held in the afternoon, a verdict of deatlh from fatty degenceration of thie heart was returned. To find on the ballet girl science's so d i soomething we d scarcely expect, 'Yet she is', beyond question-thel truth to reveal A creature of gaurze and effect. No less than five eases heard at tihe Police Court yesterday, in which persons were fined for using disguosting language within the hearing "of passers-by. ' Tho, infliction . of heavy ponalties is thle only way to put down this practice, whiclh, it is to be regretted, is becoming far too prevalent in tsis city. "JL)An Mr. Editor,-PleaSeC read the in closed poem carefully and return it to me with your candid criticism as' soon as possible, as I lhaveo other irons in tlhe fire." "Dear Mr. Smith,--'Reomove the irons and insert the poneso." SAes the Melbourne P'enns .Parson ::" It is pleasant to find tliat Australian students and writers are making valuable contribu lions to the. world's stock of knowledge." In the way of new Blang worods, and Parliamen. lary invective, We presume. Very pleasant, indeed. "FACTS :about ourselves have naturally .great interest for us," remarks a contem porary. -We are not quite so sure about thiit. There are some facts whiclh dvery man desires to bury as deep as possible. For in stabnce, you would not care'to atdvertise tihe exact dmount of " tanglefoot" whichl yosu ot outside of during the hlolidays, would you ? -. T .Czar of Russia has been thlreatened by the Nihilists again, so report says. It seems to us that' thle Russihn monarch isn't aibleo't'obxist imnldis he has' in atteidpt made upon hIis life every day. .It is said thlat he lifted 2001b of steel tihe dtloer day, and yet a young,: iiitried bomb that wouldn't weigh moe tlhatln 101b can out-lift him at a second':i 'notice, and he knows it. Would 'we be the Czar of All thle Russias? O Czar-tainlv not--our hIousehlold dangers are quite enough for us. S.. ...TFPITAPI[. "Jorc"c ADnAds, lies here, of thoe parish of Soslithrell, 'bar ioesi- aho ears ied his can to hIis mouth Ho cat-ifed setnimch, aindhe edriorfed so fast, Be ould:caisrs no teoro, so Was carr-ied at ..."? .le t,; ·· ··-,'? ,:' ' ,? ,:'.' '? . : - 'Fr I liqoi hli 'drank being toom nauch for ~one, " , H"could not e-seas?. off; so hoe's now carrnio,e. NIA I-r?r-overy seicide at the Niagara Falls leadstootlhersin the same place. The othelr day a strangerthlrow hlimself over tlhe bridge that leads tod'Goat Island, and was instantly car* ried'oer tlhe Falls. His clothes were stripped from ihimo, a'cd..wheon.ho..was discovered two hours afterwards, his corpse was found naked, while inearly every bone in hIis body was broken.*Not long afterwards an Englieshman, who was identified as Fred Barber, Ohlipping house Road, Shefilleld, shot himself on the Suspension Bridge. It was further discovered that he was a dissenting minister, who came to the place several days ago with a newly married wife. JUDOE BONDEr, of South Australia, is seriously ill. A SHORT, SAD STORT. Times --trust Villain--riper Bubblo bust Pay piper. TaI'RaE are in the United States no fewer than 563 manufabotdrjes of patent medicines, and yet the Americans are increasing in mighty numbers each year. We guess thalt those patent medicines must be manufac tured for export alone. Msc. CAmbonus, England's premier violin ist, is now the happy possessor of the coloe brated Stradivarius fiddlo which was once rossessed and, moreover, frequently used, by Paganini. It was an expensive luxury, for it cost Carrodus somethlling near a thousand pounds. BLErAK Boreas.blows, but, brothers, bravely bear, .Soon spring shall smile; so snowdrops sweetly sing First flow'rets freed from frost for Flora fair, Warm weather wakes with west wind's welcome wing. 3M. VCTonrR.x SAnno, the eminent French dramatist, is immensely rich. After Zola he is the wealthiest ef French literary men. 1Ie deserves his good fortune, for lhe horoica'ly clung to his intention of being a dramatic author through six long years of terrible poverty and hlaidshlip. He wrote and wrote in his garret, composing farces, vaude. villes, and comedies .withlout number, and still rejection waited on his oefforts. A nAce between bees and pigeons waus recently blown in Geormany. Twselve pigeons and twelve bees (four drones and eilht working bees) were taken an hour's distahnce from their home at Ilamm, and freed simultaneously. A drone won the race by arriving 4sace. in advance of thie first pigeon, thIe three other drones and a second pigeon came next together, and the eight working bees preceded the reminiaiing ten pigeons by a length. ReMatMBnel TatE pOORt. Wi?ex winter's withering wind with woful wrath Sweeps, scattering sorroi's snowstorm seeds so sadly, Pity poor porverty; pacing plenty's liatl?; Gathering God's good, God's precious gifts \- Give gladly. A roc"Tos of thie rope which hanged Major Andrdl, the British spy, in the War of Independence, is owned by a Newr Yorker, who is anxious to collect thIe remaining frag ments.. The man who took the rope froin Andrd's neck after the execution cut it into lengths, and gave away the pieces as momsen toes, but kept a record of tbeir destination, three going to England, one to Turkey, and so on. ow thihe present owner, to whomn it hsas descended, wishes to reunite the rope, said give it to a historical nmuseum. 