IN A GOLDEN GARDEN. WITH SOMETHING ABOUT BIG- TREES'. By VIATOR. Most of us have an affection for trees. They and their followvcgotablea are the link between animal life and inert matter. They have life and growth without volition. We animals have life and growth with volition. When we sleep we are vegetables. When volition causes in the animal (the words are those of a prominent London scientist), " it is aptly said to have a vegetative life, for the vital powers are employed in increasing the mass of the body." When we are awake and exercising our power of volition the process of growth is counterbalanced by an attendant waste. This is perhaps why we do not grow as tall as very tall trees, for trees being always asleep are perpetually adding to their height and bulk. And what a height and bulk they attain to in some instances ! There has recently been a correspondence on the size of the giant trees in Victoria, in which the reputed stature of these forest monsters has been somewhat detracted from. Yet we find, on the authority of Mr. Robertson, a surveyor, that there is a tree in the vicinity of Mount Nassau which he ascertained, by measurement with a theodolite and chain, to be 57ft. in height This, if the measurement is correct, should be the tallest tree in the world. Baron Von Mueller, in the following passage, makes a calculation of the commercial value of such a growth which needs no comment, No apology for this and the following extracts taken from the work on Botany, now lying before me, is needed. They are of interest to all who care for the monuments of nature. The Baron in the course of his lectures, said : " Suppose one of the colossal Eucalyptus amygdalin of the Black Spur was formed, and its total height ascertained to be 150ft, its circumference towards the base of the stem Sift, its lower diameter Gat., and at the height of 300ft its diameter Get, Suppose only half the available wood was cut into planks 12in. in width, we would get, in the terms of the timber trade, 420,720 superficial feet, at lin. thickness, sufficient to cover 9 acres, The same bulk of wood cut into railway sleepers 9ft x 9in. x 8in. would yield in number 17,780. Not less than a length of 28 miles of three-rail fencing, including the necessary posts, could be constructed. It would require a ship of about 1000 tonnage to convey the timber and additional firewood of half the tree; and 668 drayloads, at 12 tons, would thus be formed to remove half the wood. The essential oil obtainable from the foliage of the whole tree may be estimated at 30s. the charcoal, suppose there was a loss of wood, 17,050 bushels; the crude vinegar, 227,269 gallons; the potash, 2 tons 14cwt But how many centuries elapsed before undisturbed nature could build up by the subtle processes of vitality those huge and wondrous structures ? " The mammoth trees of California have a wide repute for giant stature and circumference. Perhaps some who have heard of them would like to read of their dimensions, The information on this point, which is subjoined, is taken fromRhind's "Vegetable Kingdom": "There are specimens of this tree (Wellingtonia Gigantea) which, if not the most ancient, are unquestionably the largest vegetable forms ever discovered, and, in all probability, the most stupendous creations in the world, fossil or recent The age of some of the Californian trees is estimated at 8000 years, and for others a still higher antiquity is claimed. Lord Richard Grosvenor, in 1860, confirmed a statement which had often been repeated, í_atc.0r"u,:P¿"me'.1 was ftMp^fflí-M1 'above standing in the Mammoth Tree Grove, according to a statement by the proprietors of the Kew mis- cellany, area of the average height of 300ft. One of them, known as the Mother of the Forest, measured 27ft. in height and 90ft. in circumference. Another tree, the Father of the Forest,' has long since bowed his lofty head, and lies prone on the earth. no still measures 12ft in circumference, and in length can be traced 300ft to where the trunk was broken by falling against another tree. At this point it measures 18ft in diameter, and according to the average taper off the trees this giant must have reached a height of 450ft. A hollow tunnel has been burned through the trunk for 200ft, capacious enough for a person to ride into it on horseback. Some of the trees have been destroyed from mere wantonness, others from cupidity. In the progress of the execrable vandalism the falling of one tree, we are boastingly told, employed five men for 21 days, not in chopping it down, but in boring it off with pump augurs. It was then only displaced by means of wedges', driven with butts of trees like battering rams. This noble tree was 300ft high and 36ft in circumference . and upon the stumps on the 4th July 32 persons were engaged in dancing four sets of conditions at one time, and besides .... there were musicians and onlookers." In Brazil there are trees which, from calculations derived from concentric rings in the trunk, are estimated to be of the age of Homer. Imagine those giants of the Brazilian forest growing as strong and lusty saplings when the blind old post was waving the immortal strains of kings and heroes and gods which have resounded over since. Will the tree, in the end, outlast the Maoonian song ? Who can tell ? " Behold," the Laureate warns US, " our deepest days are dumb within the lifetime of a you." Probably the oldest tree in the world was blown down on the Peak of Teneriffe in 1867- H was perhaps coeval with the shepherd kings of the East, and saw the rise of the first haughty Egyptian dynasty, and sheltered wandering birds amongst its branches, and was vassal to the laws of the seasons before the first rays of dawning civilisation had penetrated the savage night of ignorance and barbarity that held Plutonian empire over the lovely" shores of the fair blue Mediter- ' ranean bays and seas and in the curious language of quaint old philosopher Sir Thomas Brown, " Egypt itself is now become the land of oblivious ness, and doeth. Her ancient civility is gone, and her glory hath vanished as a phantasm. Her youthful days are over and her face hath become wrinkled and terrick. She cometh not upon the heavens; astronomy is dead to her, and knowledge maketh other cycles." It was reserved for us to have seen in our day the fall of this vegetable witness of all that recorded human adventure has ever achieved over the face of the earth, and its fall is a reminder that we also are making history. A transverse section of this tree would be a diary whose concentric rings register 5000 or more years of the world's history, could we but decipher it. One would be almost tempted to master the secrets of the 180,000 plants of botany for the sake of intelligently scrutinising this age crowned trunk, which the iconoclastic modern storm laid low, reck- less of the mercy due to the reverend growth, which had been spared by all the storms which have swept the land and lashed the sea well-nigh since the beginning. It would be rash to say which of all press we know of is the most beautiful; but that orchard of serried orange trees, which I wandered about in the other day, certainly contained some of the handsomest growths that nature has nourished. The trees were arranged in symmetrical rows like files of soldiers, the out most leaf of the one in rank with the utmost leaf of its neighbour, as though the whole grove was under a perpetual injunction of "Eyes right" Trimnoss, as a rule, is objectionable in the arrangement of trees. It is not nature's way, and nature's way of landscape gardening is best ; but it rather appears to suit the orange tree to be dressed up in this every way. The orange gives the impression of having always been a tree of cultivation. It can never be conceived of as having been wild, any more than some men can be imagined! as in their ancestors having once torn the reeking flesh from their prey and bolted it raw, or eyed their plump neighbours with glances of wolfish desire. Perhaps the orange tree never was wild, but after having been reared and tended by angel hands in Eden till the fruit caught the golden effluence from the eyes and hair of the heavenly gardeners, it was cherished and cultivated by our expatriated parents and passed on as a precious heritage to be tenderly tended by their children through the long ago as a souvenir of the lost garden and its sealed glories. If we were not assured that it was, an apple that tempted the curious palate of Eve, we should be justified in believing it to be an orange. The fruit is beautiful enough. Curtain it is that no one can to- day eat an orange in the street without bringing about a genuine fall of humanity in the person of some un- suspicious individual who is following in his wake ; but the claims of the banana are upon this ground entitled to equal consideration with those of the orange and as this fruit is a native of the South Seas, we must banish the theory suggested. There s something celestial in the orange. It is impossible to look upon a ragged, dirty little urchin desiring his fierce young teeth in the amber pulp of an orange without receiving a suggestion of the incongruous. The juvenile savage bathes his pal ace in the juice of this fruit of angels with profane relish, little suspecting what Olympian banquets it is fitted to grace. How its sun-like sphere glitters through classic myth and legend, blossoming first in that Hcspori dian garden, which the heroes ranged in search of. This was that fruit Paris showed luckless iEuono in grounds of Ida " Opening out his milk white palm, Disclosed a fruit of pure Hesperian'gold, That small ambrosially ; " which the goddess of Discord, with a subtle knowledge of feminine nature, had thrown on the banquet board, as a prize " for the most fair." The orange was unquestionably the fruit which Aphrodite gave to the suitor of Atalanta in the famous race, and Calypso's isle numbered among its glories arbres touffus qui portent des Femmes d'or like those which grow so richly in the pleasant environs of Parramatta. Still tenderer than this wealth of legend, in whose splendid setting it glitters like a miraculous JOSEPH, are those dear associations with which its blossoms are interwoven of the thousands of fair girls who plighted their hearts for life before the marriage altar through all the years in which the orange-blossom has been the accepted marriage garland. The vast majority have passed over into the world of shadows ; their lives are as a tale that is told. Some died cursing the day they donned the innocent wreath of blossom ; some carried their sweet love idyll unsheltered to the end. The catastrophe of passion for all is over, and they themselves are dust, their pale discrowned ghosts muttering on alien shores of the thing that once was life. And still there is marrying and giving in marriage, and the heedless day goes on as if a million just such days had not dawned, and flames, and perished. The young girl longs for her lover, and the sad eyed spinster waits for the suitor who never comes, till " ago deflower her," and of the hopes of both this delicate blossom is the symbol. What a world of dreams is this we live in ! It was very early in the settlement of these regions that the proposal of cultivating the orange was mooted. It has now grown to be a product of great commercial value in Australia. Fortunately and pleasantly for themselves, our growing boys and girls of many places are as familiar with its dark green velvety foliage and golden fruit as with the weird and melancholy gum-trees which are the most characteristic vegetation of our wilds. It may be expected that the output of oranges will grow to still greater proportions as the years go on. How the orange is cultivated will perhaps form the subject of another paper-the result of a more practical journey in the golden gardens about Parramatta. At present I can only lay before the reader two items of practical interest concerning the orange. The first I obtained from an old well-known politician of pronounced protectionist views. This was to the effect that tons of oranges are rotting on the ground in the various orchards of the country as a _PSÏ1_*_alf 1? baneful influence of free to doubt, by reasons of the fact that in my own peregrinations through some half-dozen orchards I failed to see any evidence for the statement, and because I am quite convinced that with little provocation my venerable acquaintance would have placed the recent storms and rains to the same account The other item was, that the orange tree is at last showing symptoms of accommodating itself to our seasons, and beginning to find its time of fruit in summer, instead of winter, as heretofore. This statement, which I honestly believe to be true, is, however, injured by another, which appears to be firmly credited by some persons, that the influence of the great number of British natives in Australia is gradually undermining the constitution of the colony, and causing it to conform to the climate of the United Kingdom. Authoritative information on the subject of the alleged climatic change I is desirable 