[?] A NF.W saga. nT BALL caine,! m, nnister," "A Son of Hagar," f a 6tC" StC' np previous CHAPTERS. S?' , Tr _j0rgen Jorgenson is the aW nfof Iceland, where the plot of the i-nr-'lcne1 Raehael, he is anxious S2? i'id" i the Danish minister for Uirrr Count ITOiwp propo3ed match. Si. but -s!lC '= tournament, one of thecon- aU before him and I' n. I'.itnc en. t,e champion s badge. fZ, i.r.'V.'nu> h; prize he encounters a c.wy "'"-'"Vho, being challenged, Sr. su'?w?-v-Seii givatly to the surprise of I id"", night ratriehsen is found V9# n' a?dfelv®of ba ud. "!V " heiii"' discovered, her father ti&\- anl a'? 't' eV flee from his presence. They Ail Stephen tiuns out idle and 'S-nriv fflirr- '' .:,or is invited to come and live %#« ,ll.toW that she will have some influ- rSrheo'i'V 'o but he in no way improves. !L ovvr ncr„;?- U .v boat she sells her long and M:0':s I1"'1",. ,i,viier. and presents the proceeds j£.-fuilBir> a "le.iv03 her, hut only to gamble St-t iins:' V ouarrel ensues between Eachael ci 1- !V aud Stephen in his anger t.,r mot;.e. jlc fllce. Enraged she asks, rrjjj ii s ,ton the death of Patricksen 1" Her ;'jj« f lgblow, and he reels out of the house SjthjnfeM' r_.\\.ftcr Stephen's base desertion of Ciiii-'-" u lit- . Vycs birth to a son, and calls his is ilf' "C: Tiin-i rolls on, twenty years pass, and 'a1'1 , - man. He learns the story of his £"aiTu?.u:ant. and vows oa her dwdbodv, B<ia v K.tore the return of her husband, to frA- on his father for his inhuman con- pirsf'"-1" ijit. ,-r- "p|C scene of the story is , then. CS-«'rEK ' I4e of Man, and the Governor of £a»l K I " ,, irhrother, receives a hunted waif, VjO. -vi-ua i. . tlle 0 servitude and jsJenn — fHlI'IEIl IV. (Continued.) s ir.nilv had the Governor got back to Hie riira his hoys, his men, and the maids j trim Eailisev. Vcrv full they all tiiie doings of the day, and Adam, who kc l that son or servant of his should f-tlie flow of talk for his presence, sat ll.ufi- 1 i"c to the fire aud smoked, dozed, f„. or thought, and left his people to gossip unit chance had brought the poor " I0 hi- door that night? An Ice- fir dumb for all uses _ of speech, \- -ny\ lain in the chains of some . .rlt M,,_a lone man, a seaman with- ur child ill his own country; and a S. ftv 1 runaway. a hunted dog in this one ! Sy V 'el Of pleading had that very night jgj kiw in his own memory with the days of kamdir sufferings? ilia: once his eu" was arrested hy what was JL behind him. The talk was of a S ir';o had passed through the town, Sof- blue-jackets who were in pursuit of jL had stolen something. No, he had St-v-l somebody. Anyway there was a Ltj.,- -or his arrest, for the high-bailiff had Lm";. An ill-looking fellow, but he would be eiii'-"': yet, thank goodness, in God's good pie Governor twisted about, and asked :':e sailor was like, and his hoys him that lie was a foreigneering «Boi "-w i 11 a skin cap and long stockings, alP-wr hy half a head than Billy-by-Nite. Iirt then there was the tramp of feet on the mre! miMiie and a loud rap at the door. Four They were the blue- jackets. The ireru seaman "that they were in search oi ha|! 'ten seen creeping up Ballure, and "jam- flora towards Lague. Had he been ere . it <ht one of the boys, saying that his father iid b -n at home all evening, turned to the G-oT'-f iraml repeated the question. But the loam had twisted hack to the fire, sjj with tne shank of his pipe hanging bjjpir iroin his lips, was snoring heavily. "H>- lixvellency is asleep," said the blue- jicter. No no. that could not he, for he had been hlkm" as they entered, " Father," cried the ln-ao ivnshed him. Then the Governor opened his eyes, and nntl heavily. The blue- jacket, cap in hind, told nts story again, and the good Adam snei to stnnxrlc hard m the effort to grasp it throush the mists of sleep. At length he sad." W hat nas the man done ?' Deserted his ship, your Excellency." " Nrrhmir olsc — no crime ?" Veh nr else, your Excellency. Has he Tea here "ko." said the Governor. And at tn ir the weary man shut his eyes cm and h 'san to breathe mostaudibly. But Ken wo mue-jackeis, raking council together, tscludeil that somewhere thereabouts the man ee rtrelv he, aud decided to sleep the night Etae ste.ble-loft, that they might scour the Mntrvm the morning, the Governor awoke ffldenlv. saying he had no beds to offer tasn.1, .tthey in'ght sleep on the benches of the htcSen. An hour later, wheu all Lague was asleep, Hsm rose from his bed, took a dark lantern odirc-.r back to the stable-loft, aroused the Icskut r. and motioned liiin to follow. They C4»l the paved court-yard and came in fenio. die window. Adam pointed aud the pi looted in. The four blue-jackets were Inns oa tne benches drawn round, the fire, and >56 dull glare of the slumbering peat p or. their faces. They were asleep. At that sight the man's eyes flashed, Ms south set hard, the muscles of Ms cheeks con tacts. an ! with a hoarse cry in his throat, h fuuiciled the haft of the seaman's knife ththuagm iijs helt, and made one stepfor- mro. BntAihm, laying hold of his arm, looked into his eyes steadfastly, and in the light of the totem their wild glance fell before Mm. At the man was gone. He Hight was now far spent. In the town to torts were silent, the streets quiet, the piet-place vacant, and on the Mil-tops the «®haJ smouldered down. By daybreak next coram.? the blue-jackets had gone back empty ® liauisoy, aud by sunrise the English brig La.a! out of the hay. Trc beautiful creeks lie to the south of aud north of JIaughold Head. One ft a " hague, the other Port-y- Vulliu. On totho.eot Port-y-Vullin there is a hut built ' pen am thatched with broom — dark, damp, -"id ruinous, a ditch where the tenant is totiea .0 sit rent free. The sun stood high pen a " oman, coming out of this place, found Sp deeping in a broken-ribbed boat that lay Mown n the beach. She awakened him, Ja->.ed him into her hut. He rose to Ms anj tollowed her. Last night he had been V? . fl!'t of the best house in the island ; this \- ® >vas about to be received into the "Oct. TJvtoman was Liza Killey — the slut, the ?Pj the trull, the slattern and drab of the Is man was Stephen Orry. CHAPTER Y. uttle s0xlooks. -?je »oath only had then passed since the jjr:, Stephen Orry's fight from Iceland, Jjt, . siory of Ms fortunes in the meantime is Ljl 'ipold. In shame of Ms brutal blow, as ,_,P of his wife's threat, he had stowed „ J m lite hold of an English sMp that sailed t-LJ,'V: m?ht. Two days later famine had .oil him out of Ms Mding-place, and he had , compelled to work before the mast. In . pte days he had signed articles as able p the first English port of call. Then ®®h' VC Pun:shmeuts for sloth, punish- Ior 'gnorance, and punishments for not (sjjj '? tj,i high-llavoured language of Ms o p-a. After that had come bickerings, Hi, J?1. «wls, oaths, and open ruptures with tfoic m tyrants, ending with the krjp.t a "mriin-spike over the big Ice- Ujk " croWn, aud the little boatswain rolling SnK. overboard. Then had followed flic o V'o'flt days spent in irons, rivetted to tod ttqf6 S1?-e on tdie "ttdov deck, with bread fetofei -p- cvery second day and nothing itoof ' finally, by the secret good-fellow- fioo - Praate with some bowels of compas- tofiontT?6 d come after starvation, as star- rsrum /J1 cmc after slavery, and Stephen had BayC Wl"10 his slliP lay at anchor in »£bni.0<i"urred thereafter at the house fie conr drifted no one could rightly tell. W it cf , ''Ye therewith the trull who toinin! i d)eea the illegitimate cMld of ot a English debtor and the daughter ha fri10ur'un vicar, had been ignored by Itii in er' f"1'" out to nurse by her mother, pown int0rauce' roared M impurity, aud had tottish k a hussy — idle, immodest, tothii,'-, |Vj.sewer f lewdness for bestial men 'tots J?usof miles. By what arts, what trotloV) „ , aPPeals, what allurements, this liril Possession of Stephen Orry it is not todonlv!Uesa' he was a hunted man, doors to t?"Ue w dare do anything dare open fetstw- , AText, lie was a foreigner, dumb "totle in i111 deaf for scandal, and therefore him „t m more than Ms eyes could tell '. i .- - ' - ti. jci v."as a iiauUsomcfcilcv." : r J ">a > _ i ; .'i-ie ner siaiwrniv naoits wMie k r a line-grown man, So _ i m, fj i t>«iances w m " ai; riohts reserved. that after much gossip in corners, many jeers, and some tossings of female heads, thenar of the parish, P Gell, called one day at the hut mPort-y-Vullin, and onthe following Sun- thJimUg i at hurch' 'ittleEobbie Christian, the ciork and sexton, read out the askings for Lf ,Liza Ki'ley, spinster, o? the Cut&itti; 'aa<1 Stephea 0rCy'bache" What a wedding it was that came three weeks later. Liza wore a gay new gown that had been lent her hy a neighbour, Bella Coobragh, a ?i1,. 0 meant to he married in it her self the year before, hut had not fully carried cut her mond intention and .had since borne'a aula. Wearing such borrowed plumes and' a ' brazen smile of defiance, Liza strutted up to the Lommuuion ruil, looking impudently into the men s faces, and saucily into the women's — for the church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up the jabbering of frogs at spawn — and Stephen Orry slouched after her in his blowzy garments with a downward, shame faced, nervous look that his hulky manners could not conceal. Then what a wedding feast it was that followed ! The little cabin in Port-y- V ullin reeked and smoked with men and women, and ran out on to the sand and pebbles of the beach, for the time of year was spring and the day was clear and warm. Liza's old lovers were_ there in troops. With a keg of rum over his shoulder Nary Crowe, the inn keeper, had come down from the " Hibsrman" to give her joy, and Cleave Kinley, the butcher, had brought her up half a lamb from Balla- glass, and Matt Mylclireest, the net-maker — a venal old skinflint— had charged his big suuif- horn to the brim for the many noses of the guests. On the table, the form, the three-legged stool, the bed, and the hearth, they sat together cheek by jowl, their hats hung on the roof rafters, their plates perched on their knees. And loud was their laughter and dubious their talk. Old Tkurstnu Coobragh led off on the advantages of marriage, saying it was middlin' plain that the gels nowadays must be wedded when tliey were babies in arms, for bye-childers were common, and a gel's father didn't care in a general way to look like a fool ; hut Nary Crowe saw no harm in a hit of sweet- heartiu', and Cleave Kinley said no, of coorse, not if a man wasn't puttin' notions into a gel's head; and Matt Mylchresst for , his part thought the gels were aniazin' like the ghosts, for they got into every skeleton, closet about the house. "But then," said Matt, " I'm an ould bachelor, as the sayin' is, and don't know nothin.'" " Ha; ha, ha! of coorse not," laughed the others ; and then there was a taste of a toast to 'Liza's future in Nary's rum. " Drop it," said 'Liza, as Nary, lifting his cup, leaned" over to whisper. "So I will, but it'll be into your ear, woman," said Nary. "So here's to the king that's oomin.' " By this time Stephen had slipped out of the noisome place, aud was rambling on the quiet shore alone, with head bent, cheeks ashy pale, eyes fixed, and his brawny hands thrust deep into his pockets. At last, through the dense fumes within the house, Bella Coobragh noted Stephen's absence, and " Where's your man ?" she said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light in her eyes. " Maybe where yours is, Bella," said 'Liza, with a toss of the head ; " near enough, perhaps, but not visible to the naked eye." The effects of going to church on 'Liza Killey were what they often are on a woman of base nature. With a man to work for her she became more idle than before, and with nothing to fear from scandal more reckless and sluttish. Having Mdden her nakedness in the gown of marriage, she lost the last rag of womanly shame. The effects on Stephen Orry were the deepen ing of his sloth, his gloom, and his helplessness. "What purpose in fife he ever had was para lysed. On Ms first coming to the island he had sailed to the mackeral fishing in the boats of Kane Wade— a shrewd Manxman, who found the big, dumb Icelander a skilful fisherman. Now he neglected Ms work, lost self-reliance, and lay about for hours, neither thinking nor feeling, hut with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two sat together in their ditch, sinking day byday deeper and yet deeper into the mire of idleness, moroseness, and mutual loathing. Nevertheless, they had their cheerful hours together. The ' king' of Nary's toast soon came. A child was horn— a bonny, sunny hoy as ever yet drew breath ; but 'Liza looked on it as a check to her freedom, a drain on her energy, some thing helpless and looking to her for succour. So the unnatural mother neglected it, and Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Rachel had been about to give birth to a child, turned his heart from it and ignored it. Thus there spirit-breaking years dragged on, and Stephen Orry grew woe- hegone and stone- eyed. Of old he had been slothful and spirit less indeed, hut not a base man. Now Ms whole nature was all but gone to the gutter. He had once been a truth-teller, hut living with a women who assumed, that he must be a liar, be had ended hy becoming one. He had no com pany save her company, for his slow wit had found it hard to learn the English tongue, and she alone could rightly follow him ; lie had no desires save the petty ones of daily food and drink ; he had no purpose save the degrading purpose of defeating the nightly wanderings of his drunken wife. Thus without any human eye upon him in the dark way he was going, Stenhen Orrv had erown coarse and base. But the end was not yet, of all this man was to he and know. One night, after spending the day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to whiter, the air muggy aud cold, he went away home, hungry, and wet and cold, leaving Ms mates at the door of the "Plough," where there was good company within and the cheer of a busy fire. Home ! On reaching Port-y-Yullin he found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a puddle from the driving rain, not a bite or sup in the cupboard, aud his wife lying drunk across the bed, with the child in its grimy blueness creep ing and otying about her head. It was tne beginning of the end. Once again he fumbled the haft of his seaman's knife, and then hy a quick impulse he plucked up the child in Ms arms. , " Now God he praised for your poor face," he said, and wMle he dried the child's pitiful eyes, the hot drops started to his own. He lit the fire, he cooked a cod he had brought home with him, he ate himself and fed the little one. Then he sat before the hearth with the child at his breast, a3 any mother might do, and hiing over it as only a woman could who had suckled it there, for at length it had come to him to know that if it was not to he lost and worse than orphaned, he must henceforth be father and mother both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, but laughing like sunshine into the big seared face above them struggled iu vain with sleep, he wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and put it to lie like a bundle where the fire could warm it. Then all being done he sat again, and leaning Ms elbows on his knees covered his ears with Ms hands, so that they might shut out the sound of the woman's heavy breathing. . It was on that night, for the first time since, he fled from Iceland, that he saw the full depth of Ms offence. Offence? Crime it was, and that of the blackest ; and in the terror of his loneliness he trembled at the thought that some day Ms horrible dumb secret would become known, that something would happen to tell it — that he was married already when he married the woman who lay behind him. At that he saw how low he had fallen— from her 'who once hod been so pure and true beside Mm, and had loved Mm and given up father, and home, and fame for him ; to this trull, who now dragged bim through the slush, and trod on b,m and hated him. Then the bitter thought came that what she had suffered for Mm, who had given Mm every thiug, he could never repay hy one kind word or look. Lost she was to him for ever and ever, and parted from him hy a yet wider gulf than five hundred miles of sea. Such was the agony of his shame, and through it all the snore of the sleeping woman went like iron through Ms head, so that at last he wrapped his arms about it aud sobbed out to the dead fire at hisfeet, " Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel !" All at once he became conscious that the heavy breathing had ceased, that the house was silent, that something had touched him on the shoulder, and that a gaunt _shadow stood beside him. It was the woman," who at the sound of his voice had arisen from her drunken sleep, and now gasped, " Who is Rachel ?" At that word Ms blood ran cold, and sMver- inir iii Ms clothes, he crouched lower at the hearth, neither answering nor looking up. Then with eyes of hate she cried again, " Who is Rachel ?" But the only voice that answered her was the voice that rang witMn him—" I'm a lost man. God help me !" _ Who is Rachel ?' the woman cried once more, aud the sound of that name from her lips, hardening it, brutalising it, befouling it, was the most awful thing which his soul had yet been shaken out of its stupor. " Who is she I say ? Answer me," she cried in a rairinor voice ; bu he c"!"<bed '< .7-r.ltICi -ILuYr ';). U S 1 1 lit ) 1 35 ? 6biv.-iria?u. una et;eu>i>itfcnv. j \YrUO ie BilO. tliLS light o love— chis liu ! g8£e f7> At tliat ue nUScnt.a uliudaered from head to toot, liuiig her from him aud answered in a terrible voice, 14 Woman, she is my wife !" That word, like a thunderbolt, left a heavy sfieiiceMjhiudit. 'Liza stood looking in terror at btephen s face, unable to utter a cry. But next day she went to Parson GeU and p ti r? u S1? got sma11 comfort. Parson GeU had had two wives; the first had deserted bun, and after an interval of Bix vears, in which he had not heard from her, lie had marmd the second. So to 'Liza he said, He- may have sinned against the law', but' " what proof have- you? None." . _ dheirsho went to the Deemster; at Ttamsey. It was Deemster Lacs- — a bachelor much given to&ecret; gallantries. , She got as little cheer from this source, hut' yet she came away with one drop of solace fer- ' menhng m the bitterness of her heart. - . , Tut, woman, it's more common than yen tlnnk for. And whore's the harm ? ; Och ! iris happened to some, of the best that's goin<. Now, if he'd beaten you, or struck you"— and the good man raised both hands and shook his head. Then the thought leapt to her mind that she herself could punish Stephen a hundredfold worse than any law of bishop or deemster. If she could she would not now. put himaway He should live on with her, husband or no hus band, aud she with liiin, wife or no wife. . On her way home she- called at the house of Kane Wade, sat down with old Bridget, shed some crocodile tears, vowed she daren't have tould it on no- account to lio other mortlial so wl, but would the heart of a woman belave it ? her man had a wife in Ms own countliry ! Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, lifted her hands in horror, aud next day, when Stephen Orry went down to the. boats, Kane Wade, who had newly turned Methodist, was there already and told him— whittling a stick as he spoke— that the fishing was. wonderful lean livin gettiu', aud if he didu't shorten hands it would he goiu begging on the houses they'd- all be, sarten sure. Stephen took the hint in silence, and went off home. 'Liza saw Mm coming, watched him from the door, and studied his hard set face with a grim smile on her own. Next day Stephen went off to Matt Mvl- chreeet the netmaker, but Matt shook his head, saying that Manxmen had struck against foreign men aU over the island, and would not work with them. The dayafter that Stephen tried Nary Crowe, the innkeeper, but Nary said, of coorse, it wasn't ..himself that wus particular, only Ms customers were gettiu' nice extraordinary about a man's moral cha racter. As a last hope, Stephen went up to Cleave Kiuley, who had laud, and asked for a croft of five acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y- Yullin. " Nothing easier," said Kinley, " but I must have six pounds for it beginning half- quarter day." The rent was high, hut Stephen agreed to it, and promised to go again the following day to seal his bargain. Stephen was prompt to his engagement, but Kiuley had gone on the mountains after some sheep. Stephen waited, and four hours later Kiuley returned, looking abashed, hut dogged, and saying he must have good security for a year's rent down. Stephen went hack home with his head deep in Ms breast. Again the woman saw him coining, again she studied his face, and again she laughed in her heart. " He will lift his hand to me," she thought, " and then we shall see." But he seemed to read her purpose, and determined to defeat it. She might starve him, herself, and their child, but the revenge she had set her mind upon she should not have. Yet to live with her and contain himself at every hrutul act or bestial word was more than he could trust himself to do, and he determined to flyaway. Let it be anywhere— aiiy where— if only out of the torture of her presence. One place was like another in Mann, for go where he would to any corner of the island, there she would surely follow him. Old Thurstan Coobragh, of Ballacreggan, gave him work at draining a flooded meadow. It was slavery that no other Christian man would do ; but for a month Stephen Orry worked up to Ms waist in water, and lived on barley-bread and porridge.. At the end of his job he had 36s. saved, and with this money in his pocket, and the child in his arms, he hurried down to the harbour at Ramsey, where an Irish packet lay ready to sail. Could he have a passage to Ireland ? Cer tainly he could, but where was his licence ? Stephen Orry had never heard until then that before a man could leave the Isle of Man he must hold a licence permitting him to do so. - " " Go to the Mgh bailiff," said the captain of the packet ; and to the high bailiff Stephen Orry went. " I come for a licence to go away into Ire land," he said. " Very good. But where is your wife ?" said the high bailiff. Are yon leaving her be hind you to he a burden on the parish ?" At that Stephen's heart sank, for he saw that his toil had been wasted', and that Ms savings were worthless. Doomed he was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated . Mm. He ' was bound to her, he was leashed to her, and he must go begrimed and bedraggled to the dregs of life with her. So he went back home, and hid Ms money in a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no more. And then it flashed upon Mm that what he . was now suffering from this woman was after all no more than the complement and counter part of what Rachelj had suffered from Mm in the years behind them. It was just — yes, it was just — and because he was a man and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, he sat Mmself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the woman, however tormented, and never to leave lier, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an open boat came ashore, he took it and used it to fish with, and thus he lived, and thus he wore away his wretched days. And yet he never could have home his punishment hut for the sweet solace of his child. It was the flower in Ms dungeon, the bird, at its bars. Since that_ bad night, when his secret had burst from Mm, he had nursed it and cherished it, aud had done for it many tender offices. Every day he had softened its oatcake in his broth," and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer he had stripped off shoes and stockings to bathe the little ankles in the hay, _ and in winter he had wrapped the child in Ms jacket and gone bare-armed. It was now four years old and went everywhere with Stephen, astride on his broad hack or perched on his high shoulders. He had christened it Michael, hut because its' long wavy hair grew to be of the colour of the sun he called it, after the manner of the people, Sunloeks. And like the sun it was. in that hut in Port-y-Vullin, for when it awoke there was a glint of rosy light, and when t slept all was gloom. He taught it to Bpeak his native Icelandic tongue, aud the woman, who found everything evil that Stephen did, found" this a barrier betweenher ahdtliechild. ItwasoulyinMBigno- rancethathe did it. : But oh, strange destiny ! that out of the father's ignorance was to shape the child's wisdom in the days that were to come ! And little Sunloeks was eyes and ears to Stephen, and hope to his crushed spirit and in telligence to his slow mind. At sight of the child the vacant look would die away from Stephen's face ; at play with Mm Stephen's great hulking legs would run hither and thither in ready willingness : and at hearing his strange questions, his wondrous answers, his pretty, clever sayings, Stephen's poor dense wit would seem to stand agape. Oh, little Sunloeks— little Sunloeks— floating like the daydawn into this lone man's prison- house, how soon was your glad light to be overcast ! For all at once it smote Stephen like a blow on tho brain that_ though it was right that he Bhould live with the woman, yet it was an awful thing that the child should continue to do so. Growing up in such an atmosphere with such an example always present to his eyes, what would the child become ? Soured, saddened, perhaps cunning, perhaps malicious ; at least adapting Mmself, as his father had done before him, to the air he had to breathe. And thinking that little Sunloeks, now so sweet, so sunny, so artless, so innocent, must come to tMs, all the gall of Stephen Orry's fate rose to his throat again. What could he do ? Take little Sunloeks away ? That was impossible, for he could not take himself away. Why had the child been horn ? Why had he not died ? Would not the good God take him to Mmself even now, in all the sweetness of his childhood ? No,, no, no— not that either ; and yet— yes, yes, yes ! Stephen's poor slow brain struggled long with this thought, and at length a stransre and solemn idea took hold of it , little Sunloeks end he must kill him. !j I Stochrn Orrv aid nor. vnggle with his con- i i. i>ice- or if he coroneu »w.< all he made him- 8„if believe th»t n" wonla w .im but sacrifice to p-u1" --nth the imng no hc.u (lenestin ah tho world Little Sunloeks was Ins htq. nut littie Sunloeks must die ! Better, better, natter so"! . And having thus -determined, lia went Cau- tiously, and even cuimiugly, tcwork. Wheu the little one had disappeared, lie himself would never be suspected, for all tho island would say he loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and he would tell everbody that he had taken it to some old body in the south who had wished to adopt a child. So with Sunloeks laughing and crowing astride his shoulder, he called at Kane Wade's house on Bullure one' day, and told Bridget how he should miss the lit lie chap, for Sunloeks was going down to the. Calf very soon, and would not come home again, for a long time, psrliaps'.'iiob'for many a year, perhaps not until he was a big slip of a lad, and, maybe — who could tell he would never come back at all. i : .y; . ..V- Thus he laid Ms plans; hut even when they were complete lie could, not bring .himself "to" carry them through, . until one day going up from the boaefi, to sell a basket of crabs and eels, he found 'Li;a ''drinking/at. the "Hiber nian."-. , : How she came hv the -money was. at first his surprise; for Nary Crowe had long abandoned her; and having bitter knowledge of the way she had once spent liis earnings, he himself gave, her nothing now. But suddenly a dark thought came, aiid ho hurried home, thrust his hand into the thatch where he had hidden his savings, and found the placo empty. That was the day to do it, lie thought ; and lie took little Sunloeks. and washed Ms chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over Ms oivn great undeft fingers, and put his best clothes on him — the white cotton pinafore, and the red worsted cap, and the blue stockings freshly darned. _ This he did that he might comfort the child for the last time, and also that he might re member him at his best. Ami little Sunloeks, in Mgli glee at such busy preparations; laughed much und chattered long-, asking many questions. : G" " Where are we going, father ? Out— leh ? Where ?" ;; : -it NVe'll see, little Sunloeks ; we'll see." . ' !But where? Church? Wltafc 'day is- this ?" " The last, little Sunloclcs, the last." " Oh, I know, Sunday." " ; When all was ready,- Stephen lifted the child to the old perch across his shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat was lying aground there ; he pushed it adrift, lifted the child into it, and leapt after him. Then, taking the oars, he pulled out for Maug- holdHead. Little Sunloeks had never been 'out in- the boat before, and everything was a wonder and de light to Mm. " You said you would take me ou the water someday. Didn't you, father ?" " Yes, little Sunloeks, yes." It was evening, anil the sun was sinking behind the land, very large , and red m its setting. ' Do the sun fall down cve'ry day, father ?" " It sets, little Suulocks, it sets." " What is sets ?" " Dies." "Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft red glow, and over them the sea fowl were sailing. ' Why are the wMte birds se'eaming?" " Maybe they're calling their young, little Sunloeks." It was late spring, and on the headland tho slieep were bleating. " Look at the baby one — away, away, up yonder. What's it doing there by itself on the 'ock, and c'ymg aud c'yiugando'ying ?" " Maybe it's lost, little Sunloeks." " Then why doesn't somebody go and tell its father ?" And the innocent face was full of trouble. The sun went down, the twilight deepened, the air grew chill, the waters black, andStephen was still pulliug round the head. " Father, where does the night go when we are asleep ?" " To the other world, little Sunloeks." " Oh, I know— Heaven." Stephen stripped off his guernsey and wrapped it about the child. His eyes shone brightly, his mouth was parched, but he did not flinch. All thoughts, save one thought, had faded from Ms view. Ashe came to Fort Mooar the moon rose, and about the same time the light appeared on Point of Ayre. A little later he saw tho twinkle of -lesser lights to the south. They were the lights of Laxey, where many happy children gladdened many happy firesides. He looked around. There was not a sail in sight, and not a sound came to Ms ear over the low- murmur of the sea's gentle swell. " Now is the time," he thought. He put in his oars and the boat began to drift. But no, he could not look into the child's eyes and do it. The little one would sleep soon aud then it would he easier done. So he took him in his arms and wrapped him in a piece of sail cloth. "Shut your eyes and sleep, little Sun- locks." " I'm not sleepy, I'm not." Yet soon the little lids fell, opened again and fell once more, and then, suddenly the child started up. " But I haven't said my p'ayers." " Say them now, little Sunloeks." " Gentle Jesus, meek andmild, Look upon a little child, Guard me while in sleep I lie, Take me to Thy home ou — on " " Would you like to go to heaven, little Sunloeks ?" "No." " Why not ?" . > ' " 1 want to keep with — with — my fath " The little eyes were closed by this time, and the child was asleep on Stephen's knees. Now was the time — now — now. But no, it was harder now than ever. The little face — so silent, so peaceful — how formidable it was ! The little soft hand in Ms own big hard palm — how strong and ter rible! Stephen looked down at the child and his bowels yearned over it. It cost him a struggle not to kiss it ; but no, that would only make the task harder. - ' - , . Suddenly a neiv thought smote' him. What had this child done that he should take its life ? Who was he that he should rob it of what he could never give it again ? By what right did he "dare to come between this living- soul and .heaven? When "did the Almighty God tell him what the after life of this babel was to he ? Stephen trembled . at tliei thought. It was like a voice from the skies calling on Mm to stop, and a hand reaching out of them to snatch the child from Ms grasp. What lie had' intended to do was not to be? Heaven .had set its face against it! Little Sunloeks was not to die ! Little Sun- locks was to live. Thank God! Oh! Thank -God!;- But late that night, a group of people stand ing at their doors on the beach at Port Lague saw a tall mail in his shirt sleeves go by in the darkness, with a sleeping child, in his arms. The man was Stephen Orry, and he, was sobbing like' a woman whose heart is biokeu. The child was little Sunloeks, and he was being carried back to Ms mother's home. ._ The people hailed Stephen and told bim that/a foreigner from a ship in the bay had been asking for him that evening, " They had sent the man along to Port-y- Yullin. Stephen hurried home with fear at his heart. In five minutes he was there, and theiihis life's blood ran eold. He found the house empty, except for his wife, and sfie lay outstretched on the floor. She was cold— she was dead; and in clay, on the wall above her head, these words werewritteu in the Icelandic tongue, "So is Patricksen avenged." Avenged! Oh, powers of Heaven, that drive the petty passions of men like'dust before you ! CHAPTER VI. the little would of boy asd gtb.ti. Three days later the had lottery of 'Liza Killey's life and death was played out and done. On the morning of the fourth day, some time before tho dawn, though the mists were rolling in front of it, Stephen Orry rose in Ms silent hut in Port-y-Vullin, lit a fire, cooked a liasty meal, wakened, washed, dressed, and fed little Sunloeks, then nailed up the door from the out side, lifted the child to his shoulders, and turned Ma face towards the south. When he passed through Laxey, the sun stood Mgh, and the dint of- the roads was being . driven in their faces. It was long past noon when he came to Douglas, and at a little shop hy the harbour bridge he bought a pennyworth of barley cake, gave half to Sunloeks, put the other half into his pocket, and pushed on with longer strides. The' twilight was deepening" when he reached Castletown, and there he inquired for the house of the Governor. It was pointed out to him, and through heavy iron gates, up a winding car riage- wny lined with.- elms .and bordered with daffodils, lie made towards the . only door he saw. It was the mam entrance to Government- house, a low broad porch, with a - bench on either side, and a cross-barred door of knotted oak. Stephen Orry. paused before it, looked nervously around, and then knocked with Ms knuckles. Hehnd walkedsix and twentvmileK. carrying the ciiflc all Uio v. a t lie -iv«e .. carv , foi.-.nor.--. fiuugtv. aiid coveroa wuli dust.- \\_Tae child on lus shoulder was bsBiimcd aud dirty, > his- Uttla face smeared m etreaiw. :;ts wavyiatr. | Inaaed-find unkempt. A footman .in rea and I huff, powdered, starrmod,. gartered and chunty, opened the door. Srepnen Orrv asked for the Governor. .1 ho iootman looked .out Vt'iln sur- prise at the bedraggled man with the child, and asked who he was. Stephen told his name. The footman asked where he came from. Stephen answered. The footman asked what he came for. Stephen did not reply. NVas it for meal ? Stephen shook his head. Or money? Stephen said no. With another glance of surprise the footman shut the door, saying the Governor was at dinner. Stephen Orry lowered the little one from his shoulder, sat on the bench,' in the porch, placed the cMld ou his knee, aud gave. liim the re mainder of the barley cake. All- the ..."weary journey through he had been patient ; and cheerful, the brave little man, never . once crying aloud at the pains of his loiig ride, "never once . wMmperiug at- the dust that blinded hiin, 'or the heat that inado Uim thirsty; V Holdingioii atMs lather's cap. he had laughed andimng eveiiwith the eh. -.nnels still wet on his cheeks, where tlic big drops had rolled from liis eycs to his chin. Little Sunloeks munched at his hurley cake in silence, and in the gathering darkness Stephen watched him as he ate. All at once a silvery peal of child's laughter came from within the house, and little Sunloeks dropped the , barley cake from his mouth to listen. Again it came ; and the grimy face of "little Sunloeks lightened to a smile, and that of Stephen Orry lowered and fell. "Wouldn't you like to live in' a house :like this, little Suufocks ?" Yes— with my father." . :ii ! Just.then the dark dooropened again, and the footman with a. taper in his hand, caine out to light the lamp in the porch. - . . ; " - \\\ " What, here still ?" he said. : - , v- , " I'm waiting to see the Governor," Stephen. Orry answered. : ,1" The the footman wont iii and told the Governor that a big man aiid a child were sitting iii the porch, talking some foreign lingo together, aiid refusing to go away without seeing liis Excel lency. \ . " "Bring them in," said the Governor. > I Adam. Fuirbrother was, at the dinner-table, enveloped in tobacco clouds. His wife,' Ruth, had drawn her chair aside that she might kuit. Stephen Orry entered slowly with little Sun- locks by the hand. " This is (ho person, your Excellency, ' ' said the footman. "Come in, Stephen Orry," said the Go vernor. Stephen Orry's face softened at that word of welcome. The footman's dropped and he dis appeared. ' f;; Then Stephen told his errand. : "I shall come to have give you something," he said trying to speak in English. Adam's wife raised her eyes and glanced over Mm. Adatu himself laid down his pipe aud held out his baud towards Sunloeks. . But Stephen held the child hack a moment and spake again. " It's all I shall have got to give," he said. " What is it F" said Adam. " The child," said Stephen, and passedfittle Sunlccks to Adam's outstretched hand. At that Adam's wife dropped her knitting to lier lap, hut Stephen seeing nothing of the amazement written in her face, went on in Ms broken words to tell them all— of his wife's life, her death, his own sore temptation, and the voice out of heaven that had called to Mm. And then with a moistened eye aud a glance at Sun- locks, and in a lower tone as if fearing the cMld might hear, he spoke of what he meant to do now — of how he would go back to , the herrings, and maybe to sea, or perhaps down into the mines, hut never again to Port-y- Yultin. And because a lone man was no com pany for a child, aud could not take a little one with him if he would, he had come to it at last that he must needs part with little Sunloeks, lending him, or maybe giving, to someone he could trust. " And so," he said huskily, " I shall say to me often and often, ' The Goveruor is a good man and kind to me long, long ago, "aud I shall give little Suulocks to Mm.' " I He had dropped his bead into ni ore as ne spoke, and being nowfiiiished he stoodfumbling his scraggy goatskin cap. Then Adam's wife, who had listened in mute surprise, drew herself up, took a long breath, looked first at Stephen, then at Adam, then back at Stephen, and said in a hated wMsper : " Well, did any living soul ever hear the.like in this island before ?" Not rightly understanding what this might mean, poor Stephen looked back at her in' his weak, dazed way, but made her no answer. " Children might he scarce," she said, aud gave a little angry toss of her head. Still the meaning of what she said had not worked its way through Stephen's /-slow wit, and he mumbled in; his poor blundering fashion : . " He is all I have, ma'am." " Lord-a-massy, man," - she cried sharply, " hut we might have every child in the parish at your price." Stephen's fingers now clutched at his cap, his parted lips quivered, and again he floundered out, stammering like an idiot : " ButT love Mm, ma'am, more than all the world." " Then I'll thank you to keep him," she answered, hotly ; and after that there was a dead silence for a moment. In all Stephen's reckoning never once had he counted on this — that after he had brought himself to that sore pass, at which he could part with Sunloeks, and turn his back on him, never more to he cheered by Ms sunny face and merry tongue, never again to he wakeued by him in the morning, never to listen to his gentle breathing in the night; never to feed Mm and wash him, never to carry Mm shoulder high — any human creature could say no to him from thought of the little food he would eat or the little trouble he would ask. Stephen stood a moment, with his poor be wildered, . stupefied, face hung down, and the great lumps surging hot in his throat, and then, without a word more, he stretched out his hand towards the child. But all this time Adam had looked on with swimming eyes, and now lie drewi little Sunloeks yet closer between his knees, and said; quietly :' ' " Ruth, we are going to keep the little one. Two faggots will burn better than: one, and this sweet boy will' be company for our little Greeba." "Adam," she cried, "haven't you children enoughof yourown,' hut you must needs take other folks' ?" .' - " Ruth," he answered; " I have 'six sons; and if they had been twelve, perhaps, t should have been better please'd, so they had all been as strongand hearty ; aud I have one daughter, and if there had beeu two it would have suited me as well." .Now the runour of Stephen Orry's former marriage, which 'Liza had so zealously set afoot, had. reached Government-house by way of Lague, and while Stephen had spoken Adam had remembered the story, and thinking of it ie had. smoothed the head of little Sunloeks with a yet tenderer hand. But Adam's wife, recalling it. now, said warmly : " Maybe you think it wise to bring up' your daughter with the merry-begot of any ragabash that comes prowling along from goodness knows where." ? . V Ruth," said Adam; as quietly as before, "we are going to keep the little one," and at that his wife rose and walked out of the room. The look of bewilderment had not yet been driven from Stephen Orry's face by tho expres sion of joy that had followed it, and now he stoodglancing from Adam to the door and from the door to Adam, as much as to say, if Ms coming had brought strife he was ready to go. But the Governor waved his hand, as though, following Ms thought and dismissing it. Then lifting the child to"Ms knee, he asked his name, whereupon the little man answered promptly that his name was Sunloeks. " Michael," said Stephen Orry ; " but I call him Sunloeks.'! " Michael Sunloeks — a good name, too. And what is his age ?" " Four years." " Just the age of my own darling," said the Governor; and setting the child on Ms feet, he rang the bell and said, " Bring little Greeba here." A minute latter a little brown-haired lassie, with ruddy cheeks and laujhing lips and sparkling brown eyes, came racing into the room. She was in her night-gown, ready for bed, her feet were bare, and under one arm she carried a doll. " Come here, Greeba veg," said the Governor, and he brought the children face to face, and then stood aside to watch them. They regarded each other for a moment with the solemn aloofness that only children' know, twisting and curling aside, eyeing one another fdrtively, neither of them seeming bo much as to see the other, yet neither of them seeing anything or anybody else. This little freak of child manners ran its course, and then Sunloeks, never heeding his dustv pinafore, or the little maiden's white nightirnwn, hut glancing down at her hare feet, and seeming to remember that when Ins o wn were F.aoalcs? someone carried him, stepped J ur> to iinr. nut lus arms about her, and with Iomir. masculine superiority of streugth, pro ceeded to lilt her bodily in his arms. The attcnint was a disastrous failure, and in another moment the two were rolling over each other on the floor ; a result that provoked the little maiden's direst wrath, and the blank astonish ment of little Sunloeks. But before the tear-drop of vexation was yet dry on Greeba's face, or the silent bewilderment had gone from the . face of Sunloeks, she was holding out her doll in a sidelong way in his direction, as much as to say he might look at it if he liked, only he must not think that she was asking him ; and he, nothing loth for her fierce reception of Ms gallant tender, was devouring the strange sight with eyes full of awe. Then followed some short inarticulate chirps, and the doll was passed to Sunloeks, who turned the strange thing — such as eyes of his had never beheld — over and over and over, while the little woman brought out from dark corners of the room, and from curious recesses unknown save to her own hands and knees, a slate with a pencil and sponge tied to it by a string, a pic ture-book whereof the binding hung loose, some hits - of ribbou, red and blue, and finally three tiny enps and saucers with all the accompany ing wonder of cream- jug and tea-pot. In three minutes more two little bodies were sitting on their haunches, two little tongues were cackling and cobbling, the room was rippling over with a merry twitter, the strange serious air was gone from the little faces, the little man. and the little maid were far away already in the little world of childhood, and all the universe beside was gone, and lost and for gotten. Stephen Orry had looked down from his jreat height at the encounter on the floor,' and :iis dull, slow eyes had filled, for in some way that he could not follow there had come to him at: that s w.eet sight the same deep yearning that had pained -Mm in the boat. And seeing how little Sunloeks was rapt, Stephen struggled hard with himself and said, turning to the Governor : ' " Now'sthe time for me to slip away." Then they left the room, unnoticed of the hasy people" on the floor. Tivo hours later, after little Sunloeks, having first missed his father, his life's friend and only companion, had cried a little, and soon ceased to cry out of joy of his new comradeship, and had then nestled down his sunny head on the pillow where little Greeba's curly doll also lay, with the doll between Mm and her, and some marbles iu his hand to comfort Ms heart. Stephen Orry, unable to drag himself away, was tramping the dark roads about the house. He went off at length, and was seen no more at Castletown for many years thereafter. Now this adoption of little Sunloeks into the family of the Governor was an incident that produced many effects, and the first of them was the serious estrangement of Adam and his wife. NoVer had two jiersons of temperaments so op posed lived so long in outward harmony. Her race, like some mountain country, revealed its before and after. Its spring must have been keen and eager, its summer was overcast, and its winter would he cold and frozen. She was not a Manx woman, but came of a family of French refugees, settled as advocates on the north of the island. Always vain of show, she had married in lier early womanhood, when Adam Fairbrother was newly returned from Barbarj-, and his adventures abroad were the common gossip and speculation. But Adam had disappointed her ambition at the outset hy dropping into the ruts of a homely life. Only once had she lifted Mm out of them, and that was after twenty years, when the whim and wis i an of the duke had led him to visit Lague ; and tiiea her impatience, her importunity, her fuss and flurry, and appeals in the name of their children, had made liim governor. Meantime, she had borne hiin six sons in rapid succession during the first ten years of marriage, and after an interval of ten other years she had home a daughter. Four and twenty years the good man lived at peace with her, drained of his serenity by her restlessness, and of Ms unsel fishness by her self-seeking. "With a wise con tempt of trifles, he had kept peace over little things, and the island had long amused itself about his pliant disposition, but now that for the first time he proved unyielding, the island said he was wrong. To adopt a child against the wish of his wife, to take into his family the waif of a drunken woman and an idle foreigner, was an act of stubborn injustice and folly. But. Adam held to his purpose, and Michael Sunloeks remained at Govcmaieut- house. A year passed, and Suulocks was trans formed. No one would have recognised him. The day Ms father brought him he had heea pale under the dust that covered him ; he had been timid and had trembled, and his eyes had looked startled, as though he had already beeu beaten and cuffed aiid scolded. A child, like a flower, takes the colour of the air it breathes, and Suulocks had.n'ot been too young to feel the grimy cold of the atmosphere in which he luul been born. But now he had opened like a rose to the sun, and his cheeks were ruddy aud his eyes were bright. He had become plump and round and' sturdy)' ' and his hair had curled around his head and grown yet warmer of hue, like the plumes of a bird iu the love season. Aud, like a bird, lie chirruppcd the long day through, skipping and tripping and laughing and singing all over the house, idolised by some, beloved by many, caressed by all, even winning upon firs. Fairbrother herself, who, whatever her objection to his presence, hatl not yet steeled herself against his sweetness. Another year passed, and the. children grew together— Sunloeks and Greeba, boy and girl, brother and sister — in the sexless communion of healtliv childhood, with their little whims, their little ways', their little tiffs, and with the little sorrows that overcast existence. And Sunloeks picked up his English words as fast as he picked shells on the beach, gathering them on his tongue as he gathered the shells iuto Ms pinafore, dropping them aud picking them up agaiu. Yet another year went hy, and then over the luminous innocence of the children there crept the strange trail of sex, revealing already their little differences of , character, and showing what they were to be iii days to come — the little maid, quick, urgent, impulsive, and vain ; the little mau, quiet, unselfish, and patient, but liable to outbursts of temper. A fourth year passed, and then the little people were parted. The duchess came from London,, where, her nights had no repose and her days no freshness, to get hack a little of.the colour .of the sua into her: pallid cheeks, aud driving que , day from Mount Murray to Goveriiinenthouse she lit on Greeba in the road outside Castletown. It was summer, and the little maiden of eight, bright as the sunlight that glistened on her head, her cheeks all pink and white, her eyes sparkling under her dark lashes, her brown hair rippling behind her, her frock tucked'up in fishwife fasMon, her legs bare, and her wMte linen sun-bonuet swinging in her hand, was chasing a butterfly amid the yellow- tipped gorse that, grew by the road side. That ; vision of beauty and health awakened a Memory of less charm and freshness. The duchess re- memhefed a little Maiden of her own who was also eight years old, dainty and pretty, butpale and sickly, peaked up m a chill stoue house in London,' playing alone with bows and ribbons; talking to herself, and having no companion ex cept a fidgetty French governess, who was wrinkled'and had lost some of her teeth. - A few .days later tho duchess came again to 'Government house, brought a gay new hat for Greeba, and proposed that the little " maid should go home with her as playfellow for her only child. Adam promptly suid."_No" to her proposal, with what emphasis his' courtesy .would permit, urging that Greeba, being so much younger than her brothers, was like an only child in the family, and that she was in any case an only daughter. But Adam's wife, thinking she saw her opportunity, found many reasons why Greeba should he allowed to go. For would it he right to cross the wish of so great a lady ? — and one, too, who was in a sense their mistress, also. And then who could say what the duchess might do for the child some day ?— and in any event wasn't it a chance for which anybody else in the island would give both his ears to , have his daughter brought up in London, and at the great house of the' Duke ofAthol? The end of it was that Adam yielded to Ms wife how, as ho had often yielded before. " But I'll sadly miss my little lassie, " he said, " and I much misdoubt but I'll repent me of letting her go." Yet, while Adam shook Ms head and looked troubled, the little maid herself was in an ecstasy of delight. ." " And would you really like to- go to Lon don, Greeba ven ?" "But should I see the carriages, and, the ladies on horseback, and the shops,1 ' and the little giris in velvet— should I, eh ?" " Maybe so, My veen, maybe so." " Ok!" The little maid gave one glance at the infi nite splendour of her new bow and feather, and her dark eyes sparkled, while the' eyes of her father filled. ' "But not Miohajel Suulocks, you know, Greeba ven.;- no, nor mother, nor father." ; . At' that word there was a' pretty downward curve of the little lip ; but life had no -real sorrow - for one with suuh a hat and such' a prospect, and the next instant the bright eyeB leapt again to the leaping heart. " Then run away, Greeba ven — run." The little maiden took her father tit his word, though it was but sadly spoken, and hounded off iu chase of Michael Sunloeks, that she might tell him the great news. She found him by the old wooden bridge of the Silver Burn near the Malew Church. Michael Sunloeks had lately struck up' a, fast friendship with.. the carrier, old crazy .Chaise A'Killey, who sometimes lent Mm his donkey for. a ride. Bareheaded, barefooted, with breeches rolled up above the knees, hi3 shoes and stockings swung about his neck,jind his wavy, yellow hair rough and tangled, Michael Sunloeks was now seated bare Backed on this donkey, tugging the rope that served it for curb and snofllc, mid persuading it hy the help of a blackthorn stick to cross the river to the meadow opposite. And it was just when the donkey, a creature of becoming meekness and most venerable age, was reflecting on these arguments, and contemplating the water at his shoes with a pensive eye, tnat Greeba. radiant in the happiness ot her marvellous hat, came skippMg ou to the bridge. -.'-ssaS? i In a moment she blurted out her news be tween many gusts of breath, and Michael Sun- locks, pausing from Ms labours, sat on his docile beast, aud looked up at her with great wonder M Ms wide blue eyes. " And I shall see tho carriages, and the ladies on horseback, and the sMps, and the wax works, and the wild beasts." The eyes of Sunloeks grew hazy and wet, hut the little maiden rattled on, cocking her eye down as she spoke at her reflection m the smooth river, for it took a world of glances to grow familiar with the marvel that sat on her head. - . "And I shall wear velvet frocks, and- have new hats often, and lots of goodies and things ; and — and didn't I always say a good fany. would come for me someday." " "What are talking of, you silly ?" said Michael Sunloeks. " I'm not a silly, and I'm going away, and you are not; and I'll have girls to play with, now, not boys — there !" Michael Snnlocks could hear no more. His eyes overflowed, but his cheeks redeued, and he said : " What do I care, you stupid ? You can go, if you like," and then down came his stick with a sounding thwack on the donkey's flank. Now, startled out of all composure hy such sudden and summary address, the beast threw uphisMnderlegs and ducked down his head, and tumbled his rider into the water. Michael Sunloeks scrambled to his feet, all dnppmg wet, but with eyes aflame and his little hps set hard, and then laia hold of the rope bndle and tugged with one hand, while with the stick in the other he cudgelled the donkey until he had forced it to cross the river RjWhile this rough work was going forward, Greeba, who had shrieked at Michael's fall, stood trembling with clasped hands on the bridge, and when all was over, the little man turned to her with high disdain, and said, after a mighty toss of his glistening wet head : " Did you tMnk I was drowned, you silly ? Why don t you go, if you are going r" Not all the splendour of how and feather could help the little maiden to withstand indifference like this, so her hp fell, and she said : " Well, you needn't say so, if you arc glad I'm going." And Sunloeks answered, " Who says I'm glad? Not that I say I'm not, neither," he added quickly, leaping astride Ms beast again. Whereupon Greeba said, " If you had been going away, I should have cried," and then to save herself from bursting out in his very face, she turned about quickly and fled. _ - " But I'm not such a silly, I'm not," Michael Sunloeks shouted after her, and then down came another thwack on the donkey, and away he sped across the meadow. But before he had ridden far he drew rem and twisted about, and now his blue eyes were swimming once more. " Greeba," ho called, and his little voice broke, hut no answer came hack to Mm. " Greeba," he called again, more loudly, hut Greeba did not stop. "Greeba!" he shouted with all his strength — " Greeba — Greeba !" But the little inaid had gone, and there was no response. The bees were humming in the gold, of the gorse, and the fire-fiies were buzzing about the donkey's ears, while the mountains were fading away into a dim wet haze. Half an hour later the carriage of the duchess drove out through the iron gates of Govern ment-house, and the little maiden seated m it by the side of the stalely lady was crying lue voice of child-like grief : " Suulocks — Sunloeks ! Littie Sunloeks !" The advantage which the Governor's wife proposed to herself nr parting with her daughter she never gained, and one of the secret ends of lier life was therebv not only disappointed but defeated ; for while theducness md nothing ior Greeba, the girl's absence from lioxic led Adam to do the more for Michael Sunloeks. Deprived of his immediate object of affection, his own little raaulen, Adam lavished Ms love on - the stranger whom chance had brought to his door ; being first prompted thereto by tho thought, which came only when it was too late, that m sending Greeba away to be company to some other caildhe had left poor little Sunloeks at home to be sole com pany to himself. But Michael Suulocks soon won for himself the caresses that were once uuo merely to pity of his loneliness, and Auam's heart went out to him with the strong affection of a father. L.e throve, lie grew — a tail, htne, round-limbed lad, witli the smack ot a man m- his speech and ways, and all the strong beauty of a vigorous woman m his tace. Year followed year, Ins schooldays came and went, lie became more aud yet more the Governor's quick right hand, Ms pen and his memory, even Ins judgment and the staff he leaned on. It was ' Michael Sunloeks" here, and ' Michael Sunloeks" there, and " Michael Sunloeks will see to that," and " You may safely leave it to Michael Sun- locks," and meantime the comely and winsome lad, with a man's sturdy independence of spirit, hut a woman's yearning ior love, having long found where this account lay m the house of Governor FairDrother, clung to that good man with more than the alrection, because less than the confidence, of a soil, and like a son lie stood to Mm. Now, for one who found this relation sweet and beautiful, there were many who found it false and unjust, implying an unnatural pre ference of a father for a stranger before his own. children ; and foremost among those who took this unfavourable view were Mrs. Fairbrother aud her sons. She blamed her husband and they blamed Michael Siuilocks. The six sons of Adam Fan- brother had grown into six rude men, all big, lusty tellows, rough and hungry, seared and scarred, lute the land they lived on, but differing much at many points. Asher, the eldest, three and thirty when Sunloeks was fifteen, was iair, with grey eyes, flabby face, and no cum to speak of, good- hearted, but unstable as water. He was Ior letting the Old man aud the lad alone. "Aisy, man, aisy, what's the odds lie would say, in. his drawling way of speaking. But Boss, the second son, and Stcau, the third, both cruel, aud hot-blooded meii,reproachedAshcr withnot objeetingfrom the first, for " Och," they would sar, "oueof these fine days the ship will be wrecked and scuttled before yer very eyes, and not a pound of cargo left at her ; and all along of that cursed young imp that's after sniffin' and snifiin' abaft of the ould man," a figure of speech which meant, that Adam would will Ms belongings to Michael Suulocks. Aud at that conjecture, Thurstan, the fourth son; a blaCk- bearded fellow in top boots, always red-eyed, with much drinking, hut strong of will aud the ruler of Ms brothers, would say ' 1 Aw, well, let the little beach-comber keep Ms weather eye lif tin'," and Jacob, the fifth son, sandy as. a fox, and as sly and watchful, and John, the ' youngest, known as Gentleman Johnny, out of tribute to liis love of dress, would shake their heads together, and hint that they would yet find a way to cook the goose of any smooth faced hypocrite- shamiug Abrahram. ; Many a device they tried to get Michael Sunloeks turned away. They brought, had stories of his father, Stephen Orry, uow a name of terror to good people from north to south of tho island, a secret trader running between the revenue cutters in the ports and smugglers out side, perhaps a wrecker haunting the. rough channels of the Calf, an outlaw growing rich by crime, and maybe by blood. The evil rumours made no impression on old Adam, hut theyproduced a powerful effect where 110 effect had been expected. Bit by bit, Ms heart went out to the Governor, there grew upon Michael Sunloeks a deep loathing of the very name and thought of Ms father. The memory if his father was no w a thing of the mind, not the affections, and tho chain of the -two emotions, love for his foster father and dread of Mb natural, one, slowly but surely tightened about him, go thathis strongest hope was that, he might never again sot eyes on- Stephen Orry. By this weakness lie fell again, at length into the hands of, the six Fairbrothers,. and led the way to.a total rupture of oldAdam's family. ! : . (TO OK COXTIXDXll.) 