Van Dccferuifuin's Bargain. By M, THEHD. It was through th« children I flivt Ixicnnio acquainted with Mr. Van Deckennnnn. Thcv wen- plot t J' little tots then, th» two of tbem, nnd lind s uch friendly ways with tbem that it would not havo surprised any one, X imagine, ;imt thcyshould attract whei-e tbeir elders seemed rnther to repel; but my wife und 1 were nevertheless conscious r»f a o;r t;iin feeling of triumph when wo fiv.-t saw them in animated conversation with the knew bo little and speculated w- much. Wo were living at that timo in a small Tion^o in one of 'Id fashioned Mihnrlw, w lionets I be cit y in cusie-it of access, even 1 he 'inni'ous fino to nnd fro being n nmit'-rof immoderation to us, nnd we knew as little of our neigl'borsas iivm imiplocwn iu London, Wo weio very happy, all the same, being fully occupied— I on tbe city Lread iin ill which I run working f1 i 11, with tbis dif ference, that I am belter paid for tl — Mary looking nftev ihe bouse nnd children, and poorest dnvrj it, was a pride and n pleasure to come homo to them. 'You nrc the luckiest man I know,' Mr. Van Deckennmm said tn me once— 'or have known,' lie said, eovreeling l.imseir. 'To =siy whom 1 kii'w would not be to soy much,' ?yhioh, ind'-ed, jndping from our observn Nobody seemed 1 1 know liini to speak to, but I'veryboily in tho neighborhood niUs't iiuve known him by Mpht, I'or he was t-- lie - *c»n daily, vuuia- r aud winter, taking tlie J anno monotonous nail:, and dressed in the' Kline odd fuMiion, in a brown coat cut in tho 'ma lo of at leiii-t tifty years before, with biros. whi'-ii lie wop1 tlie mn-t transparent impost urn, iu the jdni|h? of a wig with which I havo ever cojuo i' contact. It was iu great measure the contrast between this, Which was of b somewhat lively brown, ond the iron gray of 'dsluishy eyebrows which oauduced to the ' oddity of hi- npponrnnce. His eyes wero tho unly Ktrikinp le.nnre in his fo'V, being dark, proinim-nt. mid pi'M'ein;:, nnd (be skin wii6 a n'l.work 'f wrinkles 011 pHicliiuenl, but 110 ono who li.-.d his countenance litfht up ns prat lie of thi* children, would lmvo re-vived nt her tlihii a pleasant impi-essiou of the little old man. We had come upon the trio mther sud di-nly. Jlnry and I. and bad the reluctance :o upon either side been ever so strong, '.?iini''. \\\'i- ex'-banfTcd s;i'e«'tin£sncoordingly, nnd from thrit dny forth tb» acquaint ance thiirf iunn^nrnt'-d ripened steadily of v,-hii'h I nrriM-d ill these primarv fads c.»nc«-rning Mr. Van 1 Wk»rinnun. Ho wUs, nu hn nnm«' indicated, of Dutch extraction, in- bud ii ? i-up:ition. and ho livi»d, nnd bad livid for year.-, in a hon*'. which would lmvo '??inmiiii-'l tliiii1 of mine, in tlie most exi*cn .-ive hit not ion thcirubouts. What he wanted, or cvr hnd wanted, b-ins n ba.-helor, with a lv-idenoj of MU'li ilmicusions it would not Imo b^en easy to determine— the lisssso that b-- k:iw no coinpuny, and that the establish ment wok n-Trii-tod to two old servants — like himself English by birth and breeding, but orfo'cign origin — with a sort of 'slavey,' upon whom doubtless devolved tbo giant's .-hare of such work ss there was to do, ltndor 1 lu in. 'I'liUrtrc (he Ivclcirst mail Ihnow.' Wo came little by little, ns I have already I intimated, to sec a noud dual of liini; moro J in the Milliliter, however, than in the winter, when I w:i.« ulad eu'»n»h to stay ut home ill , the cM-niuys, wheu I j:ot there, aud he felt iiMluraiiy, at liis n^e, eipinlly indisposed to turn out. Uul iu the long, light duys he was fond of dropping iu onus after dinner, and if w-- should sometimes have prelexred being toourM'lve.-; wv were caivful Jiever t-j show it. V»'o w ere tla.t«;nsl by tho fancy ho soeined to have i.'iUen t^i its, and .»-rry.forhidlouelfiiess, and 1 do not pivleinl but that weapprec- iatod the IikI 1 1 1 : 1 L he ini^hl, if by woul^bc ufe'ood of mil' jii'ilU:ij-nti.njcc that duo (Sunday oven* ?ins nliei' I'biui'li we came up with him lean ing' o\i'i- ihe palings of an old fa&bioued; hou.^'. at &nme; dl-tancc from our own. It mo.h1 back in it.-, own grounds a px'.l distance from the road, and such nlini|.-e.- of the building itself as wero to be oliiuiucd through the .-cj-een iutcr]-osod by the 1 r-*es nnd shrub* iu front of It, gave one t n«- ide.i of a sulhcieiitly gloomy exterior. We h;id ri'timrkcil ui-on its dismal dud unoc cnj-ii-d appearance more than once, and won* dt r-.-il, wviiig how long it remained appar ent ly uiilenanti'd, at the ubsence of any indi* cat ion liiiit it was to be either sold or let, but we were not prepared lor Mr. Van Decker inaim'f lirst words. 'You bave bi-uught me back to the pres ent,1 ae replied. 'I had gone back furtbci than you could go, either of you.- That-wnc my fntlver's bouse; the house in which 1 wnt born and bred. It has remained as he left it. with such patching op as has been positively noccssory, ever siuco he died.' 'But not empty, as it is now? Somcbori} - has lived in it since then, sorely?' iny wift said timidly. 'The old couple wbo take care bt it, no body else,' he replied, as we walked awoy from it. 'Everybody has -a erase of wnuc sort, they say, Mrs. Tburnell, nnd that i- mine. You have heard of certain room* in a house being kept sacred to the meuntry «i- certain people? Why should not 1 go « Iit4l- further and keep tbe whole house so, when ] am aljout it?' Tbe sharp tone and the laugh that accom panied it grated 011 the oars of uslMtth; mul my wife's band pressed my arm a little ner- . vously as she answered: ? 'Certainly, you have a right to do wlmt you like witn your own. If you did 110L am to live in it yourself' ? He tamed round upon her before die hail time to finish the sentence, striking the ground with his stick an though ho would havo driven it iiito it to emphasize fain wmils. and reiroatbig them after her iu a shrill Od setto voii.'c, xvhiuh boro evidence to e\ citement. 'Live iu it myself — I— after all tlmt hnd bfljijiencd in Jtl 1 would ratber have liejigul my bread, ou tho I'ouds — mther- — Good heavens! whnt would I not rather/ Hut there, I lieg your pardon,'1 he added, rtKiling , down. '1 can't ex|«eeL yi»u to undcntiaud. bow should 3'ou? If you bad spent tliun* tlw most niiserablo l-oybood, barring one thin^, that ever man had to look back t--, jou would hato it as 1 do.' 'And yet y«u don't got rid of It alt»-- getherf I intenwsed al tbis juncture. 'Why not pull it down and sell tbo land for build ing ujmii? You would make a good tbitig ? of it.' 'Wby not! Because I am a fool, I sup pose, ' lin returned curtly. '?Because, if them nra many mcmoi-h-s for which I bate it, then* am n few for which Hove iu What wapiti saw in your little maids, do you supim^, but a likeness lo another little nuiid, dead -uid - burind lou^ ago— tlie only bit of sunshine that ever strayed within th'*-o four wall*, tlio only creatuiv Hint loved nte, or tbnt 1 Imd to lo^. hSIni w-oa my cousin, and hlie was an orpliau. How hlie i-une to ]to left to jny , fatjier's cai'«« 1 uever clearly underHt-M»], but sho cana' to us liefuiu 1 could romcjnlwir. nnd - she was more to him tbauever I was. Tl^erv. was too pjoda reason that lie should not cure : much for me. llu bail not beun fortunate. in his mui-riu^e, aiiil it hnd M^nrud him, but h-? must have been hard anil cruel to be^in with, or be euiild never huve done by bis own lloli and bhxxl as he did by me I wns not at tny l«i»ks, what, cjevi'i'iicss I had Iny in an* I other direction, and, unhappily for me, 1 wont to a day school, so tlmt iny father's eye was never otr ine, and bo took itujmn hini splf to urtj that 1 did tbe task that wns set uie. There was no kind ut' punishment be did not JTsoit to. I was Housed, starveiL, imprisoni«d bj- turns. It. «ns ns tiion^h lu- thought, he ? wus wrewkint; his vengeance upim my mother through me. Tbo only wnj- in whitrh Alice into trouble wns by esiwusing my quarrels — t lie only wny. heaven help her !=-»'oei *oul !?— fnnii tb'st to last!' ' . He ] Mill mi I tor a luouieiit, bis voice busk)' with emotion, and Mary l:iid her lianil gently 'Another time, Mr. Van Dcckcnnnnn. tell us another time,' idio s.ii-l in her soft voice. 'J slionW like you to know,' he replifl, ni-- steadily, 'and I should icver bring m-'h'if lr- speak ut' it aKaiu. By tbo timo I wus Hi 1 bml come to the end of my pniieu-i\ My father waf fust, biivimin^; a- niincrly as he wvih cruel, and I ould s-i- plainly if 1 were t't wait fi-r biin to give me a suirl in life I mi^bt wo it forever. I knew that our uauie was well known at the Cui-e, and 1 trusted to its l»e in^n passj»ort tlieix'itf whieh, iu i-onjuui'tion with the busin«^ faculty ! wtu, runscioun o'. in myself, I ini^ht luaku u-e to niv advant age. I resolved to work, niv way out, and as R«Ktii us I had made enough Hi k«-ep a wife, to conic hack for my cousin. It was at the yata Ot wliieli you f^.uid me standing just now I . said piod-by to lier.. 'I had Ihi-ii away nine years liefon' 1 kiw my way to making n liomc for Im-i. For ihi» greater part ot the time it hud Uvn such hard work tbnt but. for the few jmiiniU she managed somehow— I often fennel by going in rags or something approaching to* it. her self— to wml me now mul then 1 must bave starved outright. Ifut nt the end of tJje nine yeurs I was able to write to her and say I would come for her. She wrote nic in reply that my father was very feeble, tlmt *dic hnd ? ? le ali her l-.e. nnd that we should wait until 1 could i-oine home fur gooil. It wu«- a great blow to a limn who had already servifl for ♦t --- long, and was tliirstiug for the sight ot her, but it wu* us if I had no will r.f my own where she wus cm corned. I staynl 011 w here J was and set mv shoulder to the wheel harder than ever for another three vi-ai-.. The L'ajte owed me nothing: (hen at hiM 1 turned niyltuckou her. I had gone out a beggar, I came homo with a hiuiilsouie indcj-eud--neo. Aud %vhut. wiif it, think you, Lcuuic home t«i? I hail toiled and slave! and dcnh-d myself all the*-; years for whutf Mui-eil'ul buaveii^! lor what!' lie stopped suddenly in the road, and wrung his bauds, with au «-xprch.-b-n his face which hauuu me to tbis dny when 1 am troubled nnd out of ,-pirits. Tbe sone Uioiight oceiirriil at the same moment to my wife and mysi'lf. I'or some reason — jvo^ibly w illi little, if any, blame attaching t«» her self — his old love had been false lo him. So completely, as we found when wo --ainc to coiupni-c noil's afterward, hud this idea taken po.sfession of both our minds, that bis next words took us quite by surprise. 'You don't uak me how I found her?'' 'he said in a harsh voice. 'You don't Usk me whether she was waiting to meet mo where T hud left hoi — where you found me jtlsl now. You don't picture her ns I hnd pjciuml her lo myself hundreds nnd hnndnils of linn*, with tho son rolling Ih-iwi^-ii ns: wiia her arms round my iicck, nnd her hps pro*-!.*! to mine, nnd the welcome I had lhi'n wnilmg forsaking looking out ol every fenluiv -ij her sweet face. But' Vmi i-an fnucy what it wns to 111c to look for' her like tliat, and Ihiuk of her like that, und then Und her, iw- L found her— dead aud buried!'' His voice sank to a whls{-cr iu the utter ance of thiise last words, and except for a innrnmr of smprisc und ^nniKithv, whicli seemed all to which we found our-elvus equal, wc went our way for On- next few minutes iu silence. Whet her In. would bavo told us more bad Wei questioned him, I cannot pretend to say, but T have often since regrett^l what was porsibly a lost oppoifunity. 11c may. never have 'meant uk -to 1m; any wi^er, but, ou tbe other, band, if he did 'mean that, and wus cbeckeil by a reticence, which sprang i-atber frour'too niueli feeling than too little, bow much inight'hnve !-een spared lioth him und us! Tbo inclination,' supposing it ever to have existed, had ceased to imiiuutc him be fore he fijwke again. 1 'You can understand now,r lu* «iid, with a resumption of his ordinnry maimer, whidi was so rapid us to lie i-emarlai'blc, 'why the very walls of that old house arc ut oner sacral and abhorrent, dear und .hateful to ] ae. 1 W) neivtor ttaite up my mind to let otbcrpooplclive'inifcnortolet it go to rnfk aud ruin, unci 1 would uot Uvofn itmyt*]f 1f Ibero wore nob another ix»f in tho wide world for me to shelter uudor. ? : But Urtq, 11 is all orrr nnd done with, and tvo will find something plcasunter to talk about-.' It wbr about midsmnmer, to tUo liestof my recollection, this little conversation took place, and not loug afterward our bouse,of which we had only tbe half 3'early tenancy, was sold over our beads— a circmustawce which would have conrevned 'us very ' had sot tbe new owner required it for his own occupation. Conceive my astonish ment when, under these circumstances, Mr. Van Deckermaim offered me tbe long unin habited Cedars! I say advisedly offered tne, for tlie projKsition was only submitted to my wife after it had been talked over at consid erable length between Uh. The fact was, Mr. Van Deckermann frankly admitted, the house during Its years of dis use had acquired a bad name, and though lie believed ine to have -10 more belief In the eu l-ernatural thnn be had himself, be bad no wisb to withhold from me tlie knowledge of what would, it must be confessed, from tbo vulgar point of view, constitute a drawback to the very substantial kindness bo talked of conferring upon ine. 'You are welcome to the house,1' be sold, 'rent free, and I will have it done up for you from top to bottom. It shall cot cost you a penny piece so long as I live, and when I am dead and gone you will be your own land lord, hut I am not going to saddle you with i t under any falso pretenses. Tbopeoplowho take care of it say it is haunted. It is to their interest to keep others out of it, and they bave contrived to live there thomselves a good many years in spite of it; but you may take what they soy for whatever you think it is worth. I am not afraid of you, but women are weak upon these points, and there is your wife to consider.' I was obliged to confess that my wife was not in this respect superior to tbe rest of her bbx. 6b b might face a burglar— e\ib would certainly not wittingly run the risk of col lision with a ghost. 'I suspected as much,' be said equably, 'and that is why I thought it better to in troduce tbe subject in her absence. I should be sorry for her to stand in her own lightnud in j'onrs, if it can be helped, and tbe uliaiu-ce are sbe would. Now my own belief with re gard to tbo Cedars is that there has been some sort of knavery carried on there for years, and my object is to get at the bottom of it and to do you a good turn at the barne time. We can't offer Mrs. Thurnell the housu with tbe gbust attached to it, with any rea sonable hope of her acceptance of it— so much we may take for granted. The ques tion is, is it worth your while to try and clear the coast of it before anything is said to her about it?' The proposition was an odd one, to Bay the least of it, but the game seemed worth tbe candle, and I felt, moreover, how poer a figure I should cut in the old man's eyes were I to decline it. What it was be wished me to do precisely, lie was either undecided himself or did not choose to tell me, .but I oonsoled myself wjtb the re flection that impostures of tbe sort be sus pected wore, as a rule, of the clumsiest, and, to make a long story short, I accepted tbe Cedars on his own conditions. My wife, who was told nothing to disquiet her, and wbo naturally, therefore, was overcome by tbu generosity which was being shown us, ac companied Mr. Van Deckermnrm over tho house and was charmed with it, with the stylo in which he proposed doing it up, even with the old furniture stowed away in the atties, and which was to supplement our own, and it was finally arranged we were to take possession at Lady day. It waB not, however, until close upon Christmas week, which we wore going to spend, as usual, with my wife's father down in Sussex, an3ihing more was said of the private understanding between my new land lord and myself; I bad been trying to over come Mary's scruples about remaining be hind with the children, after I was compelled to return to the office, and as there was au nually tbe same llttlo discission between us, j»y unselfish Jiltlo woman generally get ting the ljetter of it, I was not sur prised to find that our shrewd old frioud hart reckoned upon this, and was prepared with n suggestion in his own inter est Mrs. Thuriioll might, be 6aid, make her self quite happy about tne and do him a fa vor at tbe same time by allowing me to lx-- coma his guest for tho few evenings I should oth«Twiso have to spend by myself. The longer change could not but l-e beneficial to her and to tho children, and why should she not have Ii? Besides, it was necessary for tbo rarrying out of what be called our innocent conspiracy against her that some such er mugeraent should l-e made. To Mary it seemed only a further proof of his kindness and consideration, and tbe invitation, tbo curious circumstances of which were known only to him and to me, was accepted accord ingly. 3t was not, however, until I had dined for tho first time, tete-a-tete, with Mr, Van Deckermann, I was made aware of what was expected of me, and shall I confess that tho knowledge did detract somewhat from my enjoyment of the best glass of Madeira I had over been privileged to tasto? The proposition my host had to make to me was simply this: In all respects but one I was to be, as my wife had been led to sup pose, his guest in liis own house; that is to say, I was to breakfast with him beforo 1 went cityward in tbe morning, oDd to return to Woodlands to dine and spend the evening, but my sloeping quarters were to be at the Cedars I I should thus be in a position to satisfy myself as to tho fitness of the house for the accommodation of uiy fam ily, and tho absurdity of the reports which hnd been circulated respecting it. Wo both know the folly and credulity in which such .-lories originated, but we knew too tbe ras cality which uot unfrequently took advan tage of such weakness to answer its own pur pose, and it would be well to ascertain tbat there had beeu no such agency at work In tho present instance, or if there had, to dis cover it 'I do not nay that I hare reason to distrust nither old Minchin or bis wife,' added Mr. VanDeckermann, 'but my loss has been thoir gain all these years, and human nature is w eak. Tbe old woman was Khnirinjr io her shoos the day I took your wife over the house, and she would not havo been behind hand in putting a qrake in the wheel, had tho opportunity been given her, on the bare suspicion of the real facts of the case. If there has been any roguery at work, it U for you, in your own interest as well as in mine, to get to the bottom of it You are not to be scared by the fear of the supernatural— that bugbear of the ignorant and the superstitious —for you do not believe in it, and I will see that you liava the means of turning the ta bles upon any clumsy impostor who may toy his hand at frightening yon.1' The words were oheery and confident enough, but there was a certain eagerness in the utterance of them, and the old man's keen eye? had a curious shiftiness of expres* nou I had never remarked in them before, as be thus addressed me. I could not help thinking he was trying to convince Wmsdf, as well as me, of tbe force of what he was saying- That the whole thing appeared to him less commonplace than be wished to make it out, 1 felt as certain as that I myself was not, really and truly, going to.the in* ▼estimation of it 10 the proper daredevil spirit I did not liellovc in ghosts or ghost tore, that I maintain ; but if 1 bad ever bad much of tho spirit of adventure iuniotho aj»uiUniJ* of a business life had knocked it 9Ut of mo, nnd 1 had come to regard a good night's rest as ono of the best things iu life. Still the stake was well worth tho playing for, and I did my bast to look pleasant overit One thing I did ask my host What was the story attached to tbe house, aud what form did the apparition take * (To be Continued Next Saturday.) 