ST. LEONARDS. Tbii moatinc for the St. Leonards nomina tion was holii vustciV.ny at tbo llasonio-ball, Wa'bor-Btrcat, under the presidency of tho retuniincf-ofliccr, Captain Jenkins. There was a largo attendance, and tiio audience thus on tho whole a very orderly one. The candidates nnmSnnlpd w<ri» — J. Ct. Girifiiu— Proposed by Mr. F. Smith, seconded by Mr. J. Waterhomic. Sir Henry Parkea — Proposed by Mr. TV. Waterbouse, seconded by Mr. W. H. M'Kcown. J. F. Burns — Proposed by Mr. B. F. Richard son, seconded by Mr. C. Oatway. J. F. Culieu— Propoocd by Dr. Ward, seconded by Mr. J. Cameron. E. M. Clark— Proposed by Mr. A. Simpson, seconded by Mr. J. Malcolm. Mr. Guikkin wag received with cheers and some hooting, He said it might be regarded as tlmerity on the part of a innu to cooic out as au advocate of protection who not long ago had contested an election as a freetrader, but since that time he had looked carefully into the matter, studied the statistics of various couu- trics and read many books, and now he was perfectly conviuced that protection was n necessity for this country. ("No!" and "It suits your r book.") lie referred to g# the example of America, Victoria, all tho other important British colouiuo and all the great countries of tho world except Great Britain ; tney wero all protectionists, and were w« to ret up ourselves as wiser than they ? It would bo wit«er to change our policy, and attempt to gaiu some o» tlio bomdlts which thvse countries had gained. ("No/ and sheer.?.) A writer in the Contemporary Review ot November last hud referred in eulogistic terms to tho enormous prosperity of America, lie. proceeded to read extract from the article. That, wad published iu one of the fir? I magazines of the world, and it was the statement of u great writer who was capable of judging. (".Who is bo ? ") His nuras w;u— (iir. Grifiiu turned to the end of tho article)— it was given as "Alfred Shaw." At any rate it was ono of the first magazines iu tho world. Ho cunaidcred that a moderate amount of protection at the present time — (laughter), —probably to be tacremsecl hereafter, was tlfo very bout tiling they could inaugurate for themselves and their children. (Cheers and iih;em.) Turning to other matters he was in favor of payment of members — (hoots and cheers)— and he was in favor of local option. (Cheers.) Ono of the first necessities of tlifo great country was a system of irrigation. J.ho statesmen of the country on;;hh to introduce ;t measure to provide for irrigation by means oc borrowed capital. ("Hear, hear.") Now, if. protection were introduced here, intercolonial freetrade wouldjsurely follow— (' no, no.")— and that would lead to tho federation of tho colonies. (Cheer.) There was uo way to federation except the assimilation of our policy to that of tlio other colonies. Now this colony was isolated, and federation impossible till \v« removed tho internal barriers that disfigured tlio policy oi' tho country. (Cheers and groans). Sir ifuxitv parklls was loudly cheered. Iio thought Mr. Griffin had given very poor reason for his change of viows. (Chccfrs.) Jlc waa not a baby ; be wa a man of mature years' and if he was over able to investigate facts and form an opinion, he wao able two years ago. Mr. Griffin said duties should be imposed on everything wo could make hero. Tbeu ho must impose a duty on luhici. (LaughtcrA Mr. Griffin bad quoted the Canietiipurary Jlcvitiv, Surely lie ought to know that tin: Contemporary AV/'ir.v had no opinion at all — that the editor published article on any side of atiy qucstiou, provided that they were well written and thut the writer rignod hia name. Ar» for America, what the tVeridenriul elect ion showed w:m that tlm great Republic w;i?? almost equally divided on tho fiscal question, and President Cleveland would ccrtuiuly have bccnre-ckclcd hut for two reasons. One was that there was a large class of pcoplo in America— and if he xvqra there ho would be one of them — who objected to the President having a eecoud terra of office, for fear of the Presidency growing into a despotism. ("BoshS") Some one said "Bosh." That only showed what fools some men were who attended meetings like that. The President . during his term of office was a mora absolute monarch thau tho Emperor of Germany. He had more individual power than any absolute monarch in Europe, The other reason why Mr. Cleveland was not rc-elected was, that notwith- standing hi9 greatness of mind and brcadtlT of character, towards the close of hia administra tion be began to truckle to the Irish vote. (Cheers.) But the election proved that there wasja most powerful party in America— if not a majority, next to it— in favor of freetrade. ("Oh, never mind America. What about the Manly punt ?") Now he would como to tho question of frectrado and protection. (Cheers.) But there were some other issues ot grave ' import lying behind it. (Cheers.) As far as it was an issue between freetrade and protection noxt Saturday night the freetraders would take tbo lead aud "they would keep it until the end of the struggle. (Loud cheers.) Tho men now in' office were up to ovcry trick to which crooked-minded men could resort. ("Like the la'st."( No, not like tho laBt. To what trickery did the last Government resort ? These men had bo arranged the elections that those where they know there would bo no opposition would come first. That was the paltry ruse to try to show that thero was a majority for the pro tectionists. That was one of the first trick ' and a despicable trick it wa«. It did not uu- ' swer in the'caso of the Premier because he was struggling through the mud fiats of Mur- rumbidgee now — (cheers and laughter)— and the other day the people of Narrundera refused tofhciir him. Amongst those people were, a number of railway men, and Mr. Dibbs when he wout to the railway station sent, for those men and had tho impudence and the daring to lecture them on tho way they exorcised their power as citizens. (Cheers.) Now there was something else besides protection in this contest. Ho would show them what tho Prime Minister when ho was nominated for the Mnr- rumbidgeo had said on two thing — first on goycrnmeiitiptad secondly on sectarianism. (Applause.) This is what he said on govern- mont : — Hq hoped tlmt within tho next throe week Mr. Gnrvan would 1)0 able to submit a scheme hv which that deficit would bo wiped out. and wiped oat In such a'tuattnur that It would bo a positive blessiug to tho people, giving employment to tlicm.d If that did not prove that Mr. Dibbs had not the power of comprehending tho principles of government, then it could not be proved. A Government was not created to give employ ment to the people. A Goveruuiont was created to maintain justice, to see that tho laws" wore administered by upright men, to preserve the poaco and see that every men was free like every other man, to give fair play. (Cheer?.) The people in a free country must find tlicir own employment — cheers) — and the advantage of good government was iu bringing about such a stato of things that there would not be fonnd an idle mau, unless he were a dis- eolute man. (Cheer.) Mr. Dibba went on : 11 Thoir- duty was to find employment for the people." That was not their duty. Where was it to end ? There wern two divisions of the people of a country. Thero was the division of provident, self-reliant, enterprising men who inndo their way in the world, and there was the division of men who always missed their opportunities and never made tlrnr way in tho world. The application of this prin ciple would take the money out of the virtuous men's pockets to feed the idle and good for nothing. (Cheers.) The duty of the Government was to uphold our in stitutions, to uphold the character of the country, to assist in passing just and equal laws, abovo all things to preserve tho liberty of the subject ; and, if that was done, there would ensue such a state of security and consequent \- prosperity that there would be no man in the wide laud seeking for employment. (Cneers.) During the term of office of the last Govern ment they reduced tlie number of men for whom the Government had to find employment from 7000 to 1000. They bad reduced the -civil ser vice, but their opponents were just the men who would put incapable persons in the public .service and would increase the burdens of the people to just favor their own friend. (Cheers.) But there was another issue of much graver consequence. Mr. Dibbs said— Ho hoped that during this contest questions would not bo asked as to whether a man wn an Or&uqcmun; or tho oppo3lto, Every man should exercise his vote according to his conscience. Personally, ho knew uo religion. Why did he introduce the subject, then? It had not been introduced by the others. Ho appealed to the country to put dowu that sectarian cry- It was Mr. Dibbs who raised it for the first time— and to giro their votes for tho men who were capable of governing this country and whoso policy was in accordance with their own good sennc. He was sup posed to bo a Protestant, but hu best frionds were among the Roman Catholics. (Cheers aud groans.) They all knew that well. (Cheers.) Those who indulged In the course of scttlog tho people In a state of bitter religious strifo might be 'sure that in tho lmucU of Mr, Snttortho education system of this country would never bo disturbed. Why did Mr. Dibbs think about it ? If it was so secure, what in the world made him appeal to the people to trust Mr. Snttor? For hie part, Mr. Buttor had betrayed bis friends aud deserted bis causo once — ("hear, hear")— as Mr. Dihhs had deserted his cause once — cheers) — and ho was quite prepared to poc 'thera desert tbc Pub lic Instruction Act. (Cheers,) This now Go vernment could not exist a day if the Roman Catholic priesthood withdrew their support. . (Checro and groans.) The Roman Catholic priesthood wanted to abrogate our education system — "The Kiama ghost again I "J— and as they were the masters of the Government they would expect to see it done. (Cheer.) That was'one of the issues tlmt lay behind the Issue of freetrade and protection. (Cheers.) Freedom was not safe with onch men ; the system of education was not safe; the administration of affaire on the principles of ecouomv and honest government were not safe. (Cheers.) That party was in office four years and had done the country more mischief than all tho Ministries that' ever existed in the country. (Cheer.) He believed that they now had a design, .cleverly concealed and yet not cleverly con cealed. to aRsaultll the measures which were Intended)'! to preserve freedom and public economyfand to prevent jobbery and log- rolling, because that was the way they Itved. Just In proportion as a measure was good would be the bitterness of their opposition. (Loud cheora.) Mr. Burns, in the course of his speech, said that to his personal knowledge there could be no necessity at the present time for new taxa tion. (Cheers.) When the late Government entered office j they found the ordinary ex penditure In excess of the ordinary revenue, nut they succeeded in bringing the expenditure within the revenue. At the end of last year thero was a large surplus over and above tho expenditure. (Cheers.) Thev were in favor of economy ; the policy of their opponents was a policy of expenditure. The public service was now over-manned, and the public should insist tbat the Government tn the case of every new appointment should show that the appointment was ono of public necessity. However, he had not much hope of retrenchment or economy from any Government with Mr. Dibbs as a leader. (Cheers.) Mr. Gnrvan had spoken of the embarrassed condition of the finances : but the only embarrassment arose from the Dibbs5 deficit. When the Government went into office, a statement was made to the eft'ect that the civil servants would not be paid but he felt snre nil the time that there wore some members of the Government hi would not allow Mr. Garvan to havo his way in the matter. Having fulled in their duty by advising a dis solution of Parliament, not having obtained supply, thsv could not avoid the necessity of making provision for tho payment of tl>e civil servants. He thought It was hardly necessary for him to say anything on the question of freetrade and protection. He might say that ho was entirely opposed to payment of'mem- bors. cCheers). Not onlr would it have per nicious consequences by bringing forward a number of candidates impelled not by an liouor- ablc ambition but by n fie-iro to pocket tbo cash, but it would moan a charge on the coun try of £80.000, which he would prefer to see expended in some other way, ("On Hornsbv roads !i" laughter). He would talk about Hornsby road if there was any occasion. It was because he owned Hornsby that ho had come there to challenge his accusers. / After some remarks upon the Question pf local government and the Public Instruction Act, he dealt with several local matters, and assured tbom that if elected be would look after the interests of the district, with which his private interests were closely bonpd up. (Cheers and groans.) Mr. CtTTiLTtN, who was well received nddrepsod himself first to local matters. On thelicensing question, ho strouglv believed that the electors of a district should havo effective powers of con trol over all licenses' nor. simply of hotels but of alt places that could bo regarded as public places— dancing saloons for instance. (Cheers.) Ho took a groat Interest in land legislation, ana thought tbe crude measure of 1881 should bo replaced hy a rational measure that would give encouragement to the pastoraliats to im prove tho public estate, and yet not do it in such a way as to unduly charge the country, and that would remove tho difficulties now hampering the selectors. The fencing clause should be dealt with at once, and it was to the , honor of the late Government that they took that in hand. And, when revising the land laws, he thought that they might follow the example of New Zealand by introducing a per petual lease system as an alternative to free hold tenure. Iu that way they could test how much thero was in tho nationalisation idea and see whether the iustincts of persons were not too strong ever to yield to the idea of a Btato landlord for all the lauds of the country. He was in favor of legislation which would facilitate and encourage irrigation. He would defend thn Education Act — the noblest monu- xaeni any legislator could ask for, a monu ment for which thoy had chiefly to tinnk Sir Henry Parkcs. (Cheer.) With regard to the proposed payment or members, ho was entirely opnosod to it. For evcrvhone9t work ing man candidate it would give them two or thrccf carpet bag men, adventurers with nothing to lose and cvervthmg to gain, who would care not a snap of the fingers for the country, but would 'go for the £1100 a year. (Applause.) The candidate then discussed the question of freetrade and protection. Mr. ChAKit was enthusiastically received. He asked them to return him as a local member, who knew all their local wauts and had always been a strong advocate oE them. (Cheers.) He spoke m support of tho North Shore bridge, railway extension to MiUon's Point, tramway extension, wharfago iioproveraentr, tho conversion of CarueniDg Cove and Neutral Bay into health-giving recrca- tiou grounds. Coming to mutters of public interest he expressed himself in fpvor of tv Local Self-Government Bill, an olective Upper House, a land and income tax, full local option and payment of members— though li the elec tors were opposed to it . he was prepared, if returned, not to accept a penny of pay. Ho was strouglv opposed to the present system of giving privileges to member# of Parliament, which was practically an indirect method of payment coupled with abuse from which direct payment would be freo. He was firmly and honestly a freetrader, and he npa'.n asked for their votes as a local man. (Loud cheer.) The result of the show of hands was an nounced by tbo returning-officor a follows Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Clark, Mr. Cullen. The show for the first two was about equal ; there was little io choose between Mr. Cullon and Mr. Burns, and Mr, Griffin appeared to have ouly about 20 or !>) supporters in the building. A poll having b?on demanded, the returning officer announced tho date of polling, aud tho meeting terminated with the usual cheering. 