Salvation Army. THE COMMISSIONER'S FAREWELL.! An enormous number gathered at tho Salva tion Army barracks on Thursday evening on tho occasion of Commissioner Howard, tho Commandant of Australasia, visiting Toq woomba for the last time, that popular officer having been ordered to England. The peoplo crowded in until the hall was crammed from door to ceiling, and how many moro were unable to effect an entrance-is unknown. Conspicuous upon tho platform stood a magnificent harp, an instrument which, if it raoro frequently superseded the strident brasses, would render the services mora pleasant to nil and not less effective in the mission of the Army. Most of the hymns during the evening were sang to tho accompaniment of che dulect strings twanged by {young Howard, the Com missioner's sou. The Commissioner entered tho hall at about, S o'clock and was received with n hearty cheer. Proceedings com menced with tho hymin, ' Wo are march ing onward,' sang to the overpowering blasts of the band, after which Major Wright, who accompanied the Commissioner on his last round in Queensland, engaged in prayei'. Then, led by the Commissioner, the Army glided softly into the hyram, ' Nothing but thy blood can save ma,' to the soft strains of the harp. After further prayer by the Com missioner, his son sang a solo, ' We mean to fight' to his own accompaniment. The re iding and expounding of a portion of the first chapter nf Philippians by tho Commissio ner followed. The burden of this short sermon consisted in the necessity of righteous works, the faith that does not so manifest itself being aood for noth:ni;. The Major then gave a solo, '* This is why I love Jesus,' interspers ing the verses with short exhortations and anecdotes. He related how, when the Commissioner visited Newcastle the the other night a collection of £20 was taken up. He did not expect that much that night, but he thought they ought to get £5 at least. The collection was then started and from the manner in which the public responded we should judge the Major's limit mnstharc been considerably exceeded. The Major then related how Commissioner IJovard, after having hold the Australasian command for six years had been ordered to re linquish it and proceed to England without having any idea of whit should ho his future; but wherever ho went he (the Major; was cer tain God's grace would follow him. The wonderful advance mado by the Army in Queensland during the Major's four years' command was then referred to. When their hearts were in the work God turned even their mistake into g md account. Tlio hymn ' Follow, follow everywhere ' wns then sung, after which an officer receutly arrived from Xew South Wales delivered nn address, and young Howard sang to banjo ac companiment the 'jubilee' hymn ' Xever comiiiL' back any more.' Lieutenant Hutcliinson, a lady engaged in :li« noble work of rescue in Brisbane, now delivered a short earnest address, stating honr happy she was in being able to reseuo many of her sex from the mire of the city, and to follow tbu Saviour's example in binding up the broken heart. Ci)imi)i:Hionpr Howard now proceeded to deliviT his farewell addivss. He said it was pi'ctly v.ull a farewell all round, as next Sunday wonUl bu tliu lust Hie present nuicera would bo stationed in Tnowonuiba. But as far as they wore concerned the farewell would probably only bu temporary while be himself would 'never come back any more.' Whilo in Australia he hart been unfortunate in om- way, that his command extended over such a vast area he had to move about so much ho was unable to muki- many friendships This was against his desire as there was no one pusicssed of moil! powerful social instincts than himself. Yet, in tlio midst of the rush and the war, he hud learned to love his Australian fellow soldiers, and to love the lif-ld in which h« labored, so that it was with regret ho wns leaving. He had won the confidence, affection, and esteem of th'iiie lie hud been associated with, and ho could not leave them without a pang. He had found among the Araiv a do sire to put upon him much of the credit of the wonderful advance made; bnt this was unjust. He could say that never we.ro there border workers or people more devoted to the cause that his fellow staff olRcers. He had boon overwhelmed by the wonderful prosperity of the last 5 years. The Salvation Army had now got beyond the experimental stage. It now contained the elements of permanency and success, the most not able among which was the acknowledged power to reproduce itself. Only a very few officers, 55 or 50, hail been imported, yet now they had 900 officers, 850 of which had been laiscd upon the ground in connection with the wi.rk itself. The Salvation Army was there fore not from England, nor America, nor India, but indigenous. It had increased, ex tended, nud doveloped until there were branches in 750 different places. The Salvation Army hid got, beyond the tittge of npahgy. So long as its work resulted in God being glorified, in men and women being converted, they were not going to apologise, tn argue, or to beg favors. God. lw.il hii\l t\ie burden nf the unsaved upon the officers. At the present time 3 50,000 to 1(50,1100 people gathered in the barracks in lh-ise:colonios. There was a great number of adherents who were not soldiers who found their spiritual homo in the Salvation Army barracks, yet from sjino reason did not join llie ranks; but there was an inner circle of soldiers who bad taken certain plodgea, among wliich was that of tcctntulisni. It was their mission to convert sinners into taints, saints into soldiers, and soldieis into ofliocrs. It was ,the only way the. world could be converted.. The Salvation Army worKcd under New Testa ment ideas In the Old Testament it would be found that inspiration came upon leaders and upon leaders only ; but on the dnjr of Pente cost, the Holy Ghost, dosconded, uot upon tho apostles ouly.bnb upon uvcry man and woman iu tho crowd. It was God's plan of saving the uoild. Thoy counted u inim or a woman a comparative, failure if they stood upon a platform and did all the wurk. themselves, even if they did it as well as any mi«isti:r iu Toowoouiba. It. was not 'for the louder to do ull the work thcuini'lvi-a, but to push 011 others to do it. A» , coon »3 they -gJt, a man up to the penitent I'm m, and became certain of his coo M-iMou,*they put him 011 to bis feet and said, 'Now «?? nud try to get souiebudy olsu con « vi ted.' -'III.- genius uf the whole movement iH.|bMii niokiui:, every man and woman bear lliiir respoiisibi.ity in this matter. The Commissioner then spoke his last fare well words, e.\h rtinfc bis comrades to con tinue the work with earnest heart' aud soul, and not to ait down so satisfied with the p;ist as to bo careless of tho fnturo. ' If ovor you come whero I am,' ho said, ' I hope you will hunt mo up, and when you get to Heaven ruii round and see if you can find me. I can (insure you yon will not find me hiding iu a corner. I will not bo far from tlio thronfj. Tho hist message I givo you is — nccapt Christ who has made my life a joy.' | Tho Commissioner tbsm ouvrnd prayer uu^l pronounced the benediction, and the vast audience, which had been throughout iir onlorly as tho congregation of nny ehnrclij except when yielding to the lium'Tom remarks of the ofiicors — quietly disperse I. ? 