THE REPROACH OF ANNESLEY. BY MAXWELL GRAY, Author of " Tb> Silbncb of D&.n Mait- IiAND,1' die. PART IY. CHAPTER YI.— (CoNTiHintD.) "Ah I" he murmured, with dubious meaning. He was thinking of tbe letter his quick eye had perceived on the writing-table when bo came in. It was a thick letter, addressed to Mrs. zaarKaaizi. jars, jaancuam, ue xoew, was nob only an old and intimate friend of Mrs. Annea- ley's, but she was also tbe mother-in-law of Colonel Disney, Edward Anncsley's commanding officer. That accounted for a good deal. Ger- Taee Rtckman possessed some imagination ; he readily pictured Mrs. Annesley detailing the 'circumstances of her 600'a death and ber own conjectures respecting it in long and confiden tial recitals to' Mrs. Markham, whose sym pathy with her bereaved friend would no aoubt bo profound, and conclndiug every confidence with the strictest injunctions to secrecy. He imagined Mrs. Markham burdened with the weight of so delightfully scandalous a secret, recounting it in a moment of expansion, under vows of strictest secrecy, and by no meanB to the diminution of the scandal, to her daughter, Mrs. Disney. He could see the two ladies gloating over tbe narrative ; tbe shaken heads, tbe exclamations, the up-lifted hands, the repeated injunction, "My dear, above all never breathe a syllable to yonr husband/' sequent upon which injunction ho of course saw Mrs. Disney burning for a momont of conjugal confidenee, when she would transfer tbe whole of the recital to the bosom of tbe Colonel, with the same solemn injunctions to secrecy. Then in his mind's eye he saw this officer looking askance at Edward and unconsciously treating him with less cordiality than uburI. One day, perhaps, Colonel Disney would say to some one, 41 Wasn't there something rather queer about Paul Annesley's death ? Does anybody remem ber the newspaper reports ?" That officer would say to another, "There was something very fishy 'about Paul Annesley's death. It hap pened abroad and was kept out of tbe English papers, you know— hashed up. It was unlucky for our Anoesley that he was on the spot," he might add. "It was precious lucky for Annesley that his consio got himself pushed over the precipice," perhaps his andience would. say on a subsequent occasion. "And what had Ned Annesley to do with it?" another hearer might say ; "it is to be hoped be did not push him overboard. It must be awfully tempting to a man's next heir to find himself just behind him at tho edge of a crevasse. An accidental posh and down the fellow goes, and you get the estate. Shocking accident, papers say ; young man of immense property : all goes to a distant cousin." "It wasn't a crevasse, Smith," another man would object, " it was on a cliff by Borne river in France. Perhaps tho Annesleys were larking and one pushed tbe other over. It wa9 unlucky for our man that tbo rich one went overboard. He doesn't look liko a fellow with something on his conscience." "He does look liko a fellow with a guilty secret." "And how did they get it hushed up?" " Easy enough on the contiuent. Bribe the officials." " There was an account of it in The Times , if you remember, last aatumn. Struck me at tbe time as a precious queer story. I must say that Annesley has never been tbe same man since. He wasn't a bad lot before." " Oh 1 It is only because he is rich. u My dear fellow, mooey never spoils a man's temper or makes him look as if he had baked his grandfather. It's the want of it makes a fellow swear and cnt np rough. It's a bad con science with Annesley, ibai's why he looks so glum." "It's the family ghost. They say every Annesley who comes into the property is haunted, and either goes mad or hangs him self." " You've got hold of tbe wrong end of the story. It isn't a ghost, it's a curse ; every Annesley who gets Gledcsworth comes to grief. Reginald Annesley of tbe Hussars was killed elephant-hunting— or pig-sticking, wasn't it? His father went mad and died. Paul Annesley took this unlucky step over the cliff, and good ness know what will happen to Ned Annesley. Anyway, he's in for a bad tbing." All this Gervase Rickman imagined, and much more, hitting, with the instinct of creative genius, the core of tho literal truth. He saw files of last autumn's papers consulted and discussed and guessed the position his own name would occupy in the general gossip when disiuterred from the brief narrative. He understood, further, much that had hitherto been dark to him respecting the spread of rumor in that part of the world, fitting little bits of information together and supplying the gap with clever in ductions till he had a fair chain of evidence. He remembered an observation of the Yicnr's to the effect that Mrs. Annesley was a deeply wronged woman and knew bow to forgive, and this observation was suggestive. "I conclude," continued Mrs. Annesley, igno rant of what was passing through the mind of the thoughtful and clever young man before her, "that Edward Annesley has sent in his papers." "Not at all," returned Rickman, with a subtle inflection of triumph in his accent ; " be means to live it down, be says." "It is the first time, Mr. Rickman," ahe re- nlied, with an angry glitter in her eye, " that an Annesley has preferred bis convenience to his honor. There are people who are beneath scorn. Pardon me, I forgot that I was speaking of your friend." "Of my father's friend and landlord, and my employer," ho returned tranquilly. " And Alice Lingard's lover," she added, with a glance of disdaiuful anger. " Her rejected suitor," he corrected, with a curious smile "Rejected? Are you certain?" she asked eagerly. " Perfectly. We need fear no more from that quarter. He was sent off for good and all, three days ago." il Heaveu is just," observed Mrs. Annesley with pious fervor. " Exactly," replied Gervase absently. He was thinking what a clevor woman Mrs. Annesley was ; it seemed almost a pity she had not come into tho world 80 years later, such a woman would iudeed be a help-mate for him. He wa9 not sure that she had not been a little too clever for him ; bo bad not intended the Aonesley scandal to go so far, aod his fertile brain was not yet prepared with a scheme for checking it. " You probably have not fully considered tho risk you run in being associated with that man," she continued. 41 And what if I had ?" lie replied j " a poor man with bread to earn caunot be so over nice. Besides, as you know, we give up the steward ship on quarter- day." 44 And still receive him at your house." 14 Pardon mc. My father still receives him at his house," he corrected, sighing a little, for he felt that he had a difficult and delicate part to play in preserving friendly relations with both this stern and resolute woman and the man she hated so bitterly. He thought, too, with some apprehension of the extreme difficulty of managing with such dexterity as to separate Edward from Alice and ut the same time throw him into Sybil's society. He was beginning to fear, besides, that Edward's reputation was almost too seriously damaged for Sybil's marriage with him to be a success. He looked at the rigid lips of the hard woman sitting opposite him and suspected that his iron will and subtle brain bad been matched, if not over-matched, and mentally endorsed the truth of ltayah Squire's verdict upon Mrs. Annesley, 44 you can't nowhow get upeides with he." Hut it was important that he should 44 get upsides with " Mrs. Annesley, and he de termined to do so, not knowing tbe extent to which she was turning him inside out. Luncheon was announced while bis mind was occupied with these reflections, and the con versation was interrupted — not dis&ereeably; to this unfortunate and deeply-perplexed child of genius— for ho waa fagged and hungry, and always knew how to appreciate an excellent meal, daintily sot off with rich and tasteful appointments ; nor did he fail to appre ciate the state Mrs. Annesley affected sinco her son's death. This event had given her an incomo quite ont of proportion to the honse in the street of a country town, which eho chose to occupy, nevertheless, since it was ber own, and since her position, spite of its woful diminution now that she was no longer the mother of tbo unmarried Annesley of Gledcsworth, was still good enough to enablo her to live on in Medtngton without loss of consideration. Gervase had always felt that ho was born for a more brilliant sphere than tba't ho occupied ; Mrs. Annesley's complicated cookery, with Frenchified names, was only a suitable tribute to a mun so evidontly intended by nature for a lofty destiny, and he listened to Mrs. Annesley's long grace with tbo inward reflection that the meal justified it, and complacently refreshed his inner man to the accompaniment of his hostess's elegant small talk, glad to be excused the more difficult copies the servant's presence had put aside. He was sorty when they were alone again, and MrB. Annesley returned to tho charge. I conld never understand," she said, 44 how you Could bring yonrself to act with or under chat man, after what you saw in the Jura. You have assured me so mauy times that what you then actually witnessed is sufficient evidence to base a trial upon." 14 Dear Mrs. Annesley, need I assure you again? Why revive a topic that must be so especially painful to you ?" " My young friend, do you suppose that topic is ever absent from my mind ?" ahe returned in a deep voice, with a keeu, cold glance. (To be Continued.) 