iWEREWETIIERi GAlS QUESTION. TO TRE EDITOi " SreWith your perrnissiorf I will make a few remarks upon thd public meetiiigwhich was held in the Mleehanics Institute recently, to considcir the propricty of lighting the streets of Mieriwether with gns: Inthe first , place, I think that the. milajority of those who weie riesent will agree with mbkheon.I sajy that tlhe businesi was conducted in ?,hnost angular maniner. In opening the meetirig the chsirmian omitted the usiual forhality of reading the sidvortisemeent eonv6ining the meeting, and this negl.et or oinission' left many in doubt as to the real object? of the meeting. And ivhile the openinig remarks of the chadiiunei sliosed that he wits hot wholly to blame for hiuving nboihina snore tsaisgible to place befoiro the meeting thian a very in definite letter froma the Gas Compeiny, they 'certaisily did not enlighten tleo satepajers muci on the su ibject they had met to con sider, or preveht the meeting assuming the comidal uispeet"it did wleni the aldermen aiid ratlepayers comomenced a sort of go as you. please diseuidion;'iwhich eIndeavoured to bring ti'a"€clob? by mivuing sformual resolu tion ais followi:'."That,"in tho opinion .of this ineeting, tlhe question of lighting tlie stre?ets of Merdwether with gtts'6 elctricity is premature, andishould notr be.? sndirtaken by the Coudncil'w'ilisilh gdhiliiiii" and streets of, the ,municipality., remain :in their present inifirlishede afid a niuisiiiitary con dition." This resolution the Mayor re fused to put to the mheeting. Noi, 'altlihough I have no desire to eritieiselhisactiobn ini an unfriendly spirit, I holu that he was entirely wrong, if:not tyrannieal.inrefiusing to do so. Thei resolution would haevo' given the rate payors present an l6portunit.y" of ;showing which side they- were on; ans, to judge by the expressions of approral'thit wvere uittered whilst I was spdakingsagainst the propos'il tb levy a gas tax' that would beiifiuc fodW bi?titho gas eomlaisy, sund thoe"applautne which fol lowed the conehusidn of imy rbemurks; the re solution would liiveoheesi eiurried byfive td one. This would not- h'ai'deeiled the battli between thoegas-llowere of Merewetheiriiad their opponents, but it .wdoild'hidis'ihioviai those ratopayersewho were iiniblhttdo ittd'nd the meeting which wiytlfsbifill'was rolling, and perhaps eured some of:thd.M rowether aldermen of the illumination frefr. The advoeates of gas admit that 42 lamps, whieh is the lowest number that thesGas Comr:any will contract for, will cause a gas rate to be levied at the rate of 3.1 in the pound (£), or something like 5s per annum, for the owners or occupiers of. an ordinary four-roomed dwelling. Now although this inereasdd tax would be found to weigh heavily on the already over-burdened taxpayers of More. wether, they would not, as I pointed out at the meet;ng, have the satisfaction of having their township.properly lighted.. Forty -two lamps sprinkled along our strag. ghiag and widely separated streets would simply leave osr townsship in a stats of semi-darkness, srhliioh would Iesahnostas bad as ifs present odeidiutiti asnd to iiiceeaniu that aiuuuber wausud mean to increase the tax beyond the reach of all but the most wealthy portion of the com munity. S'spealer at the gas nieeting stated that. if the 42 -lamps were doubled it would not mean the doubling of the 'gas tax. Now, to prevent the ratopayers being niisled by this statement; I" wish to strongly impress upon their minds the fact that the letter of the Gas Company does not furnish the ghost of an authority for holding oun the hope that any increase dn the 42 lamps would be sup. plied at a less rate than £7 per lamp per annum, and I would ask them to remember this when at the ballot bot-that if the thin edge of the gas wedge is once in serted in Merowether it will soon be driven home by the aldermen, to the sorrow and dismay of those who like myself arve to woek for their living. Sir, I huve been ridleuled by soma for pleading poverty on behalf of thre ratepayers of \ferewether; but poverty is no crime, and, unfortunate1lv it? i only too true that' many oft -- pyr are worao ? the if they wer~- absolutely poor> for, being respectable, they try with their limited mcsnm to keep up. aepearances, and fb i oale bltli ends miet-a task which they fad.is hard, and tomotimes as impos-" shble as fitting a round peg in a square hole; cnld, bnowing that gas is a luxury that they can well-do without for the present, I urge them to vot2 0 against sits introduction. Its absence from our township will neither create fever .nor smells,, and will in no way. injure the health of. the residents. I also ask them- to remember that a heavy water rate and a rato for the night.cart are- looming in ths very near future, and i[ rates go on increasing in this way the residents of Mere wether will eoon find themselves paying as much for.rates and ground rent. per annum for their own property as they should fairly pay for rented property in a mining towi. lhilplike Mevewether. Mr. Editor, holding, as I do, strong opinions on this question, I would like to continue, but I must bring this. I6tter t6 a conclusion by apologising to you for having trespassed so much on your .valuable space. Nothing but the feeling that thl..subject .is of momentous importance to myself and others could have led me to do eo.-Yours &c.; -< W. NEWB3URN. ]fovgan. street eMrewether, 10thTuno, 1889. 