BLYTIHE HLALL 'What ?' replied the ruffian. 'The will-the purse and the watch you can keep,' said the lawyer, lighting his pipe. 'D- 'em; they came on me too quickly-two officers and a boy-I hadn't time to grab it; of course I took the money and watch first,', said the ruffian, surlily. ' He lost the will I' retalied the lawyer, looking his satellite full in the face. S'Then he lost it in -tihe street; I never had it,' asserted Hobbs. . 'No lies, Hobbs. I must have that '.viLu I promised you fifty guineas--I'l! Se~.ne it a hundred.' 'Make it a thousindi andit's no go,' ~said the other. ' I ain'tseen it.' 'Then,' said-Rigdon, risinig, "here is twenty-five pounds. When you find the will, you shall have seventy-five more. Do you stay here ?' ',I can't get out ; .I'm watched.' ' Well, try and get out. As soon as you do, go down to Crumley and wait for me.' The ruffian who had assaulted Thomas Balscombe assented, and the lawyer.went his way. We will not follow him, but the family of the sufferer in their new home near the . town of Balcombe, and village of Crumley. CHAPTER iv. THE scene changes to a county in the west of England. It was a June day, and the very earth seemed panting beneath the ardent embrace of a hot sun, as a young man, wearing a shooting jacket and carrying a fishing rod, moved slowly along a road that skirted the ring fence ofa magnificent park. He was slightly and elegantly formed, with a countenance marked with much determination. His hair was dark, as were his eyes, the remarkable feature in his face, which was itself yet innocent of any sign of that manly appendage which is so differently worn in different countries. He was musing deeply as he went. Several timnes he appeared to hesitate, and then again moved onwards. 'She is too beautiful, too lovely for me Sto dream of,' he muttered, 'and yet I i cannot iestrain myself.' SAnd again be advanced. 'If Sir Richard but only knew,' he Sagain reflected, ' or my father, or my dear mother, what would be said!' SAnd he walked quicker, as if to crush reflection. Presently he halted. The road was crossed by a bridge, beneath which flowed a stream of clear, pellucid water, that then fell away across the park, to be lost at no great distance among the rocks which separated the estate from the sandy beach. The young man looked cautiously round. The park fence crossed the stream Sabout three yards from the bridge. It was high, but youth defies obstacles; and after assuring himself that he was un watched, the young man clambered.across, :and io five minutes more was walking be side the stream. A hundred yards brought him to a spot ,ywhere, naturally enough, he lingered. T-'..stre'iram took a curve that left a asmail (,ortion of ground almost isolated from the rest, a minature island. It wanted, at its narrowest part, but a channel of three yards to be.in reality alone in the centre of the water. The whole was covered by luxuriant vegeta tion. Trees of varied form and character rose on all sides, leaving scarcely any open space where even One might walk at ease. SOne small spot-a turfy slope, all Sodorous with wild thyme and violets-was to situated as to be utterly secluded from ?observation. The opposite side of the s·tream was thickly clothed with trees. SOn this small spot sat a girl. She was about eighteen. Her dark hair 'fell in thick ringlets over- her shoulders, and around a face of surpassing beauty. Her features were all but faultless, 'though 'aperhaps the mouth showed a little too Imuch deterinination. Her eyes swam in !a bath of liquid fire. Their colour was not known; no man could gaze upon them :long enough. Tlhey seemed to change with every sentiment of feeling that influenced their owner. She sat reclining on the slope, her hat by her side, her eyes half closed, one arm supporting her head, in a state of dreamy Sthought-a something between sleeping and waking. Of what was she dreaming ? Of what do young girls dream? To judge from the appearance of this beautiful creature, few would have sup posed her thoughts far away from all powerful love. And yet so it was, another passion, even more absorbing-but usually a man's )thoughts--was occupying her now. Suddenly her eyes flashed fire, her cheek flushed, and hastily arranging her hair with her hands, she rose to welcome the handsome youth we have already introduced to our readers. Any doubt as to the relative position of the young couple would have been re moved at a glance had any curious eye have gazed upon them. Fi orace Balscombe caught the heiress of Blythe Hall to his heart, and kissed her warmly. Nor did she-naughty girl that she was--resist his caress, but looked up into his face with a countenance radiant with delight. ' And so I am here first again.' she said, : in those rich and melodious woman's tones that go right to the heart. * Dearest, you are at home. I have to Scome some distance, after attending to sacred duties; but here I am. Let not a word that is not of happiness pass our lips. How beautiful you look i-more beautiful than anything I have ever seen in my life -more beautiful every day even than your is elf of the day beforel' exclaimed the youth, fervently. : Hush, flatterer,' said the girl, gently smuiling. How proceeds the portrait P' ' I am hopeless about it; it never will, never can be like,' cried Horace, despon dingly. ' I almost feel inclined to give up the arts altogether, and fly to the sea.' ' Andleave poor me !' said the young girl with a look that was itself a caress. a No I but where are we going to ? My 'sather is at law with yours-there is bitter ':nmity between them, If we succeed, Sir Richard would probably be further off than i ever from consenting to our union; if we Sfail, we are still poor and obscure.' ' Do you doubt me, Horace ?' said the young girl, reproachfully. ' Doubt you, Edith,' he cried, passion ately; sooner would I doubt my mother that I love so much, But the future ap pears dark and clouded.' 'Horace, the future is not dark and clouded,' she replied; 'it is bright and sunny My father can refuse me nothing.' Leave all to me; this very evening will I plainly put the question to him. Do you explain all in your home, and when we meet to-morrow it may be that all will be settled,' 'Sir Richard is said to be stern and severe ?' said Horace. 'He was ere he found his child, but now no father could be kinder or happier iri his disposition. He loves me. It is true Lord Hampden does all he ca'l to make him dissatisfied with me, because, brought up abroad, I am not so staid and formal as most English girls, but he has never suc ceeded.' ' Your disposition is perhaps more hope ful than mine, but I look with alarm to future days. Never mind, I am "happier now, happier than I could ever have ex pected to he. Wealth must be mine. Perhaps this may make aidifference with him.' ' Horace, do trust in me-all must go well.' 'Edith, it is a yeair since.we met by one of those accidents that seem miraculous. Never have I been so happy. But for these lawsuits which divide our families -I should be perfectly so.' There was a pause for some time, The lovers sat in mute thought. Between two young hearts absorbed by the master pas sion there are moments of joy too great for speech-when silence is eloquence it self. Suddenly Edith started. 'The first dinner bell,' she cried; 'I must go.' 'Already ?' said Horace, despolidingly. ' Why, truant-I was here before you came. Go now and come earlier to morrow. There now, 'tis no use looking so sad. I must go. Were I missed, it would not look 'well for Edith Blyth to be found near the wood with a stranger i' 'Then Imust go,' said Horace, assist ing her to rise. ' May I walk a little way with you ?' 'Not a step,' whispered Edith turning rather pale. 'I hear Fox's bark. Some body is looking for me,' and kissing her hand she fled along the bank, leaving Horace alone. ' fo-morrow !' be cried after her. But she was out of sight. Horace turned slowly away. Strange as it may appear, the lover was not satis fied. He doubted not the love of Edith, but there was something in her tone:and manner which excited vague ideas in his bosom. He could not bring himself to belief their marriage possible. The changes in his life had been great already, but.this change appeared too great to him to credit the possibility of its occutrring. Youth, however, is buoyant in its hope., and Horace determined to drive forebod ing thoughts away, and believe in a bright future. 'My mother must have her fish,'.he said, mentally, and this thought for a mo ment occupied him. Moving rapidly, but cautiously, he soon was out of the park. Just as he leaped over the fence a gentle man, accompanied by a youth of about his own age, rode swiftly by on horseback. It was Lord Hampden and his son. They looked suspiciously at him, but said nothing. Horace was irritated, but showed no suspicion of being noticed. Even when the groom behind spoke, he looked in the most unconcerned manner at him. 'What's thee doing in Sir Richard's park ?' said the man, grinning. ' No good I'm sure.' 'Insolent fool,'said Horace, somewhat beside himself. But the man was out of hearing. Then recovering himself, he moved across the road, and having gained a favourite spot for angling, began.his work. The stream was plentifully sup plied, and in two hours Horace was on his way home. About two miles distant was a cluster of houses. One of these, of larger dimen sions than the rest, stood somewhat iso lated. It was of some antiquity, built of red brick-with a large garden in front plentifully stocked with trees. Its privacy was respected by a high wall, in the cen tre of which was a gate. In this garden- in a large arm-chair sat Thomas Balscombe, who was more careworn than when we saw him last, and his face was more grave and sad, but his health appeared gdoa. He was smoking a long -pipe, which Horace had bought for him, and gazing tenderly at his wife, who was engaged with an infant, born since their arrival in the country. Mrs. Balscombe, who appeared the picture of health and happiness, was tos sing the little one in the air, while Alice and Maud, much grown and improved, were watching with interest themovements of their little brother. ' I thinic, my good Agnes,' said Thomas in his mildest and most affectionate tones, 'that Master Tommy had better be put to bed.' 'As you please, papa,' cried Agnes, gaily. ' Come along, children, and see whit we can do.' 'I think I can manage him,' said Alice, entreatingly. 'Take him,' continued the fond mother, laughing. 'I don't think you will, though.' So saying, she gave up the child to its sister, and sat herself down on a garden chair near her husband. 'Thomas,' she said, gently, 'pray why are you so dull? You appear so very sad to-day.' 'Have you noticed it?' he asked, thoughtfully. Then you shall know the reason.' 'Pray tell it. Have I been doing anything wrong? If I have, scold me well.' 'You, my guardiah angel l' he cried; 'no. But I am very uneasy about our boy Horace.' ' Uneasy about Horace ?' said his mother, anxiously. Speak-is he ill? Have you noticed any fatal germs that have escaped my eye ? 'No, my dear wife; but the boy has some secret on his mind-some weight. I have seen him with a book in his hands for hours, and he has not turned over a leaf.' 'Is he in love?' said the mother, very anxiously. ' 1 suspect as much,' replied Thomas. 'So much the better, if'the object is a good one; but this secrecy and silence forebodes no good. I fear it is some in trigue of which he is ashamed. 'Thomas, I will stake my life 'tis no such tliing. Horace is never out of an evening-he goes fishing and shooting, and sometimes has a sail; but I cannot believe anything wrong.' 'Horace, my love, is young and hand some; his is the age of early passion, when every woman is good and beautiful. That bell-who can it be?' The above conversation will sufficiently denote the rational state of Balscombe's mind;, but had anyone seen the terror struck glance which he gave at the door as he spoke, they would, for a moment, have entertained strong doubts as to his sanity. ',Tis Horace,' said the anxious wife, who had ran to the door. 'Thank God,' replied Balscombe. Horace entered quietly, and handed his basket of fish to his mother. He was un usually grave, and Thomas Balscombe glanced in a meaning way at his wife. 'Horace,' she said, 'your father and I have been talking about you; we fancy that you are not so lively as usual.' 'Have you noticed it, dear mother?' replied the young man, blushing. 'I am glad you have, for I have something to tell and I did not know how to begin.' ' I thought so,' exclaimed Thomas Bals combe. 'Nothing verydreadful,' said Horace, with a forced. laugh,' but something very serious.' 'Speak on, my son,' continued Thomas, while Agnes looked pained and anxious. 'My father and my mother, I am in love with the most beautiful girl in exist ence; and more than that, we are plightel and betrothed,' said Horace, who had taken a seat. 'Plighted ! - betrothed 1' exclaimed Agnes, laughing. ' tn what position is she, my son ?' said Thomas, gravely. 'Alas I in too high a one, I fear, for me. The lady is the only child and heiress of air Richard Blythe.' His parents stood up, amazed and as tounded, 'And does the father know?' cried Thomas Balscomlbe. 'He will know to-night.' 'But, my son, you bave been laying up sorrow for yourself. I fear this cannot be. Sir Richard looks upon us an interlopers and spoilers !'. ' Edith says she can do anything she pleases with him,' said Horace, gravely ; 'and yet myself I dare scarcely hope it will ever be.' ' My mind, Horace, is relieved f a great weight,' said his father, gravely. 'I feared some bad news. This may or may not be fortunate. But - does not rumour speak lightly of the lady ?' Horace coloured to his eyes. 'I have heard some calumnies,' he said, in considerable confusion, 'I never believed them, even before I knew her.' "Twas but some girlish folly of scampering about the country like a wild colt, with a stripling of a cousin ais mad as herself. She was very young then. I heat she is more staid now.' She is an augel,' said Horace, with an uneasy feeling at his heart-(he, young as 'he was, would have scarcely called her staid)-' But she is a woman rather than a girl.' 'Isshe so very beautiful?' asked the mother, curiously. ' Surpassingly beautiful I Ask Alice or Maud-they know her well. She sees them at church,' The three young people went regularly to church every Sunday morning. Agnes remained with her husband, who scru pously avoided the public gaze. 'Now, I remember, they have spoken of her.' said his mother, smiling. 'And pray how do you mean to act?' continued his father. 'Should this ad versary of mine consent, you are aware all law proceedings must cease in that quarter.' 'I am entirely in your hands, dear father,' said Horace. 1'rhank'you, my son. Time will, per haps, be the best adviser,' said Thomas, musingly. 'And mother, don't forget the fish,' said Horace, laughing. His mother called their only servant and gave her the fish to prepare for supper: The girls now joined them. The juvenile hope of the Balscombes was in a sound sleep. The conversation now be came general, and after one of their usual happy and pleasant evenings, the family parted for the night. The interview between Horace and Edith was to take place at three on the following day. About twelve our hero began to get ready. He had on his shooting jacket, and was preparing a rod and line, when a ring came to the door. He opened. A servant in livery, with a horse led by the bridle, handed him a letter. 'An answer, sir. I will wait up and down before the door.' Horace almust fell as he turned to read. He closed the door,, opened the missive, and read aloud to his mother and lather its contents : 'Sir.Richard Blythe presents his com pliments to Mr: Horace Balscombe, and will be glad to see him to dinner at six this evening. 'From a communication made to Sir Richard, he is led to believe that all fur ther litigation may be prevented between himself and Mr. Thomas Balscombe.' Horace sat'own in a chair overwhelmed with joy and emotion. 'Very handsome, indeed,' said Thomas taking the letter from his son's unresisting hand-' very handsome. He must.be a fine fellow, indeed. Horace, my dear boy, you must write a suitable answer. Agnes; now should we not bless our good fortune in being able to give our children a good education ?' Agnes nodded approval. Horace sat down in a dream, and wrote a very warm reply. He wrote also a few lines to Miss Blythe which he enclosed in what he had written to her father. Little did he know the terrible struggle which the girl had to gain this victory. He took the letter out and handed it to the groom who touched his hat and rbde off. Now came a grave consultation, started by Mrs. Balscombe, about costume, which ended in her walking down to Crumley in order to buy a neckcloth and gloves. At five o'clock, Horace, duly . prepared, started on his way. He looked very handsome and manly: but he was rather pale with anxiety, and as he moved along a thousand doubts and fears tormented hi; mind. How should he be received by the proud baronet?-a man loved and yet feared by the whole neighbourhood. He was not long in reaching the park gates through which he passed without inquiry. He was in the grand drive. Before him. lay the house, and as he moved up wards a proud feeling came over him--. one natural enough at his age-that he some day should own those wide domains, be lord and master of the old chateau with a lovely and charming bride.. Could any power of second 'sight have told him he was really to become-master of that fine property, he would have treat ed the truth as the ravings of insanity. He was.at the entrance hall. It was thrown wide open. The servants received him respectfully, andthen he was shown into the library. Horace could now dis. tinguish only a confused mass of light and form. fnWelcome 1' said the grave, but gentle voice of Sir Richard; and then something was said in-a foreign tongue which I-Horace did not catch quite, 'Mlais il est tres bien, man chere,' observed a lady who stood beside Edith, as they both rose. I am very proud indeed, Sir Richard,' said Horace, recovering himself, 'to make your acquaintance. Considering the mutual position of yourself and my father, it is exceedingly handsome on your part.' 'Not a word of business, young gentle man. Mydaughter-MademoiselleLa fite,' said Sir Richard, politely. Horace bowed profoundly, and when dinner was announced, showed great tact in offering his arm to the French gover ness, Edith had to bite her lip to prevent herself from laughing, while Sir Richard looked grave and pleased. The conversation was general during dinner, and when the ladi.s retired, con tinued so for some time. At length Sir Richard was silent for a moment. 'Mr. Horace Balscombc,' he said, sud denly, 'I should be glad to hear your statement of the case between your father and myself. My lawyers of course feel it rostlcur dte rose for me.' 'I shall be most happy- except,' said Horace, hesitatingly, 'that I must speak harsh things----' 'Of my uncle,' replied Sir Richard, gravely. 'Speak the truth, young man. You cannot offendme by so doing.' 'Thus encouraged, Horace told the story clearly and distinctly. The baronet listened with extreme attention, interrupt him only to have some doubtful point cleared up. ' A grievous wrong, young man, unto all. Surely shall we be punished for the sins of our fathers unto the third and fourth gen eration. But my father was no party to this fraud-nor was I. I cannot punish my child for the crimes of an uncle I never saw. As for old Morton, you have a clear right to sue and punish him. I thought he did not live at Melrose Tower for nothing. Have you seen him ?' 'No,sir.' ' I have. A more horrid-looking old villain you cannot conceive. He lives in the tower of an old castle right upon the sea. The wholeplace is mysterious and of ill repute.' 'I have seen it,' replied Horace. 'Well now, I suppose, we had better join the ladies,' said Sir Richard, with a smile. Horate acquiesced, as may be well sup posed, and in a few minutes had the satis faction of sitting beside Edith near a win dow, while Sir Richarld and Mdlle. Laffitte commenced a game of chess. 'How can I ever express my gratitude for all you have done ?' whispered Horace. 'By being a very good, quiet, and obedient husband,' replied Edith, laugh ingly; and then she added, more gravely, ' I had much difficulty at first in gaining papa's consent. He objected to our clan destine acquaintance, until he found I made friends with your sister first. But at last even I had to say it lmust be.' Edith, as she spoke, looked as haughty as a queen. A faint idea crossed Horace's mind that he too might have to endure that mutst. But what youth of eighteen could allow such a feeling to affect him near a lovely and brilliantegirl of his own age m 'He must love you very much,' said Horace, glancing over with a kindly feeling towards the baronet. 'For imy mother's sake more than for own. He knew me not until I was almost a little woman; but still he does love me; and yet, sometimes I fancy that it is only for my mother's sake. I am too wayward and wilful. Look not so grave, dear Horace. I am wayward and wilful, but,' andthe girl was almost choked with emo tion, ' let me find one heart that will love me for myself alone, I would be its slave. Horace; I must worship the man that I love. I could not brook to love a man I could not look up to.' Her eyes flashed fire, her bosom heaved, her whole frame shook as she spoke. Horace gazed at her in alarm. He pressed her hand. 'I was educated abroad. I knew not my father. I came here at twelve years old. I had been the spoiled child of a French boarding school. I was wayward and wilful. I found a father who tried to love me, and who did not I fancy, quite succeed; this soured me, and made me wilful and reckless; but now I have found a heart all mine,' I am changed. Be always what you are,' said she earnestly, 'and I will never give you one cause to'remember my faults.' She spoke in stich a gentle, humble, depreciating tone that Horace was moved to tears. He took her band and kissed it. ' My dear Edith, my love is all yours. I love you for yourself alone. I shall always do so. There will be no change in me fear not that--so no more scolding your self, dearest,' he said, in such earnest and convincing tones no one could have doubted. They tell like a balm on the heart of the agitated girl-a girl of such character and temperament as turns to good or ill, ac cording to circumstances. 'Horace,' she replied, 'I will believe you. Come intothe veranidah-the night is very beautiful-we can view the wJaole park.' She rose and led the way. A glasos door opened to the onter door. The verandah was wide, and appointed him with double rustic chairs, It was skirted by myrtles and other shrubs. It was a lovely night. The moon rode high in the heavens, and the lovers gazed silently at it, as it looked down upon lake and trees and flowers. His left arm resting on the chair-her left hand was in his. They were too happy now for words. The face of Edith, in the moonlight, seemed radiant. There was a calmness and serenity about her which made her look unusually beautful. Perhans nevr in her whole life had she felt so happy never did she again. She was now assured of the unselfish love of a noble young man. Her lips were scarcely closed, and a sweet smile of innocence and love rested on them. Horace was utterly absorbed in lis vision of the future. It was well he was or he might have seen the change that in one instant came over her face. Her lips quivered, her eyes were fixed in their orbits, an ashen, deadly palor came over her countenance, andbya violent effort only did she pre vent herself from tailing. 'Horace. love,'she said, in a scarcely audible whisper, 'I feel chilly; go fetch my shawl from the sofa.' Horace turned to comply with, her request, and entered the house. ' What want you ?' said Edith, in a cold and harsh tone, turning towards the myrtles. 'This cannot last. I must speak with you,' said a man's voice. 'To night-Melrose Tower-in the ruins-midnight,' replied Edith, with a calmness which was terrible to behold in one so passionate. A cold, sinister smile crossed her face as she turned to follow Horace. She met him as be came out, and, ex cusing herself on the plea of slight indis position, requested him to go. Horace immediately conplied with her request after obtaining permission to call next day. It was ten o'clock when he departed, after a hearty invitation to come when he liked from Sir Richard. We must now, erewe record the terrible interview near the ruins, explain the cir cumstances under which Edith came to be installed in Blythe Hall. CHAPTER V. We go back, but without changing the scene. ' I tell thee once more, John Meaden, that ifithee does, thee'll never do well again. Be honest, John Meaden, if thee art poor, and thee'll never repent it !' 'Poverty I don't mind,' said the person addressed, fiercely; 'but starvation 1 do. I ain't above being honest, though I don't see that it pays, but this night I will go out as sure as my name is John!' ' No John, thee art mistaken-thee will not. Thee art a rough and careless man, doing many things which thee shouldn't do-but thy hands are white yet; thee has not stained them red, and thee won't!' 'Mary,' continued the other, dashing his hand on a table, 'you are a fool. Why what in.the name of wonder do you think I'm going to do?' Before the question is answered, it will be as well to introduce the speakers more fully. They were husband and wife. The woman was about three and twenty. She wasa thin, pale, care-worn being, poorly and meanly clad, but with every sign of having possessed beauty, which was even now rather obscured than eradicated by suffering, misery, and want. The husband was a tall, powerful young fellow, with a handsome face, thick curly hair, whiskers that would have made the fortune of a policeman or dragoon, but with a face bearing in its feature the mark of indul gence and a certain amount of innate brutality. May was a fisherman's daughter who, three years before, while residing at a public house know by the sign of the Red Lion, after the death of both her parents, bad been attracted by the somewhat fasci nating and very insinuating manners of a stranger from London, an engineer (he said) out for a holiday, who came to take up his quarters for a week or so in the fishing village where Mary had first drawn breath. An intimacy ensued, which ended in a marriage, against the advice of all her friends, with the handsome young stranger from London. It is doubtful whether the fact that .John Meaden did not take her away added to or lessened the suspicions which were entertained of his t-ue character. However this may be, he became a fixture in Crumley. Crumley was an ancient fishing village, dating its origin from times so remote that the oldest inhabitant was not in possession of the slightest clue as to its first start into existence..It appeared always to have been where it was, and always to have been inhabited by a loose population ot fishermen, smugglers, and others of the same stamp. Situated on an unfrequented part of the coast, it had, especially in times past, afforded facilities for smuggling, which had been readily accepted. It was now, however, reduced to very straitened circumstances from the increased activity of one Mr. Edward Kinder, a worthy officer of his graciots Majesty, who was far fender of moonlight, and even moonless night-walks, than was at all agreeable to certain gentlemen who were in the habit of congregating in the back parlour of the Red Lion, the one spirit, as the Blue Anchor was the one beer house of the ob scure village of Crumley. The houses of the hamlet were scat' tered at the foot of a lofty cliff, forming one straggling street, with but a row of buildings facing the sea,. and another winding up towards the hills, until it be came a narrow lane, just wide enough for the carts that came to fetch the produce of the place below. At the summit of the cliff and concealed from the winding road by a tall rock, was a hut down in a sort of quarry, where it was sheltered both from observation and the keen wind of the channel, which, when it blew in hurricanes that cast the huge waves into the windows of Crumley, passed harmlessly over the lowly cot. It was a lonely and dismal situation, but the cottage was neat, well built, and comfort able; it had four rooms, and having been the propeity in times past of. a bold smuggler, an uncle of Mary Meadon, had becomne hers by inheritance. It was inside this hut, and by the large fireplace, that the conversation above re corded took place. The fireplace gaped wide and high, but the little handful of wood in the middle looked wretched and miserable, while tbe huge iron pot, empty of all but water, hung seething from its crook, in mockery of the famished state of the inmates of the place. A wretched chorus was it for them, for they were'in deed hungry. For some time after their marriage they had lived in comfort. They both bad a little money, and John, being a bold and powerful fellow, proved an ac quisition to the village, where he assisted ostensibly in many vocations, though, in reality, chiefly connected with operations which ended in a settlement in the back parlour of the Red Lion. Then came Mr. Edward Kinder, and smuggling was henceforth almost impos sible. That gentleman was indefatigable and keenly observant. He suspected Greenwood, of the Red Lion, from the first, and John Meadon after a very few days. The consequence was that poverty began to enter the house of the hitherto happy couple-happy we say, because, though Mary suspected his occupation, and suffered occasionally from his exces sive indulgence in rumn and Hollands, she was brought up in too close contact with daily evasion of the revenue, and was too much accustomed. to inebriety, to feel much grief from either of these defects. But of late John had changed. Hts brow was charged with thought, and he mut tered strange things in his sleep. All this hat been the case since he had walked over one day to Balkome, and returned after forty-eight hours of absence. He sat beside-a table, his brow dark and gloomy, hIis eyes fixed on the ground, while with his left hand he clutched a loaded gun. He always kept this weapon in the house. Mary sat opposite, shiver ing in the cold, and watching his counte nance with an earnestness that was the offspring of suspicion. Though faint with hunger, that woman had only one thought, and that was for her husband. When he put the last question, she answered him quietly. 'Nout that's very good, John,' was her answer. 'Thee wouldn't frown and look so dark if thee weren't afeared.' 'I tell you, Mary, I must go out to. night,' continued John, ' impatiently; 'there's neither meat nor drink in the house, and it won't come for waiting.' 'I will go down to the Red Lion,' re plied Mary; ' they will let mrue have some bread and cheese and beer.' ' Will they ?' cried John, with a laugh of bitter scorn. 'That they will not. 'I'm poor now, and my credit is not good. Be. sides, I ewe thirty-five shillings, and old Gree.,Wood never trusts a man in his debt as I am.' 'But, John, thee can sell something,' said his wife, earnestly. 'Anything-but go not forth to- night.' 'Well, Mary,' exclaimed the man with a frightful oath, 'I'll stay at home. Give me my supper-a hot steak; a dish of smoking fish; some mealy potatoes; a pot of the best ale; a pipe and a glass after. Come, be quick!' 'John,' said Mary, terrified at his tone, 'thee knows I haven't bit or sup; but- ' 'Then why stay me from getting bread?' continued the man, with his brutal logic. 'I am hungry-you have nothing for me to eat. Let me go find food.' 'But how ?' said the woman, fixing her heavy blue eyes on his face. SHow ?' replied John, evidently repeat ing the question to gain time for thought. 'How, did you say ?' 'I said how, John,' continued the wife, slowly and deliberately, as she fixed her eye still more steadily on him. 'Hast thee got the hundred pounds from old Grogan thee' 'ks of so mruch ?' The woman stopped, astounded and alarmed at the effect of her own words. John had raised his head, and she saw that his face was blanched with terror, his lips were quivering convulsively, his teeth were chattering. For an instant he could not speak. Then his mein changed to one of menace and defiance, and he burst out into a torrent of abuse not to be re corded in these pages. ' What mean you ? Tell me, or---' 'Or what, John ?' said his wife, looking calmly in his face. The ruffian quailed under that woman's steady eye-the eye of one who loved him, and yet was prepared to brave his utmost anger rather than let him rush to extreme vice. The poor ignorant girl's notions of crime were not, perhaps, very correct; but, though her good and generous heart might err, it could not utterly fail her. A better and truer heart than Mary Meadon's never beat; aid yet many were her weaknesses and many ber.follies-as will be seen. • 'Nothing. I only mean what villian has dared to say----?' 'No villain, I hope, John,' said the woman, in a low tone, 'for it was just theeself told me.' May I--' ' Don't swear, John; thee knows I do not like it; but if thee will talk in thy sleep- ' Ah !' said the man, passing his hand over his brow. 'Do I talk in my sleep ?' 'Every night since thee went to Balkoms,' repeated the woman, 'but it was only last night I heard aught to make a wife afraid.' 'And what did I say last night ?' asked the man, anxiously. 'You said : .' That hundred pounds old Graogan--rtin, ruin,, rui, ' ' 'Ha! hal ha! ' laughed John. 1I dare say I'd had a drop too much at the Anchor-and I did see a bill offering a hundred pounds for one old Grogan. I had been drinking gin, so no wonder I talked about ruin. We call it blte ruin, Poll, in London.' 'But where art thee going to-night?' continued Mary, doubtingly. 'Well, be a good girl,' said John, gravely, 'and I will tell you. I see it's no use deceiving you.' 'Why should thee, John ?' replied Mary simply. 'Am I not thy wife? If thee wouldn't tell me the truth, I expect thee wouldn't tell it to anyone else.' 'Maryi, continued John, with a slight huskiness of tone, 'the fact is I'm going out to try and shoot a deer.' 'John I John ! thee won't go to Blythe Hall. Thee know the house is haunted ever since poor lady Lucy died.' 'Nonsense !' exclaimed the London man, though not without an almost im perceptible shudder..' I don't believe in ghosts. Besides I am going up the park. I shan't go near the house.' 'But, John, I fear this is but stealing, too?' said the wife, sadly. 'Mary,' cried John, fiercely, 'I am hungry; no man will trust me with a pound of meat; in the woods there is game, and I must go and take it.' 'And am I not hungry, J ohsa?' said Mary gently, 'and hungry, too, when I should be well fed and happy ?' The man, evidently affected, rose and embraced his wife. Tender emotions to which he was almost a stranger came over him, and he shook in strong agony as she clung imploringly to him. 'I must go,' he cried, wildly. I must go ! I shall not be long, Mary. 'Tis a dark night, and the keepers will be snug in bed. With these words he sprang to the door, dashed it open, and, before Mary could check him, had plunged down a path which led to the water's edge. His wife, however, recovered herself instantly, and rushed after him to say a parting word. A thick fog, added to the darkness of the night, prevented her catching even a glimpse of his form, though she clearly distinguished his footsteps striking the ground, as he leaped down the rocky pathway. . 'God bless you, John-take care of yourself 1' she cried, and returned with an anxious and beating heart to the house. Mary scarcely knew whether or not to believe her husband. There was something strange and singular in his tone which filled her heart with apprehension and doubt. The darkness and gloom of the night added not a little to her trepidation and alarm. She returned into the house, taking care to secure every bolt and bar both of window and door, trimmed her little lamp, and sat down to her task of sewing. She was making babies' clothes, and a holy feeling of mr~ternity came over her as she sank in her chair. A minute more and she was on her knees, praying with all the fervour of her heart for the absent one, who was doubly loved as he became invested, even in thought, with the character of father, TO BE CONTINUEO. 