THE EXHIBITION BUILDINGS. On .Monday the Commissioners for -the Ceii- teiiiiiiil Exhibition handed over the pornmnent Iniildiiigs— tho last reninaiit of the great show — tq.tiie trustees. The trustees will close 'tlib aquarium for about. three mbiltlis, in order tb /al- low for tho re-arrangemcnt of the exhibits in/tlto galleries, -and the reorganisation of fill iiiiittefti Connected with the Exhibition-building. '. It has hot yet been decided which of the/applicants for the use of tho buildings for various pusppses will succcod in getting possession of' them. It is ex- pectud that the trustees and the Parks -ahd'Gar- dous Committee will "very shortly comnicuce the restoration of .the gardens ' and grounds, which were destroyed by the erection df. the teiiiporary annexes. ' . '.!, . " !'/', ' / Compared with the gay scones df li fow nion'tliS ago, tho Exhibition .buildings .now present a dreary appearance. -The exhibit's, ..lyith few ex ceptions, have been romoved, and workmen are now -busily engaged in pulling down the, aunexes A stroll through the place shows that the various courts have been thoroughly dismantled. - Tho roofs and architraves of the annexes at tho -real, of the main permanent building havo been low ered to the floor. The timber aud; galvanised iron havo been picked in heaps rCncly for- 'trans portation elsewhere. Tlie glory lias departed; and the delights associated with exhibitions are no more. . The armament court is hardily reoognisablq, and Silence /reigns iii the place wliioli Used to 'ret sound with tne. roar. aiid clank of "mfiehinory. Strangely silent, strangely "Sad tit strikes the visi tor and- abominably ) oxpeiisivo it -will, shortly strike the taxpayer. . The attendants flit, up find down tho building , with ghost-like tread. Tho only place that preserves any thiug like its wonted . appefiriineo is the concert liall, whore tlie grand organ yet presents a magnificent ai/pourance. The chairs in tho' body of tho liall remain in posi-, tion. Yet even here memories revive . to the persuasive baton of Mr Cowen and his L5000 trip to Aus'traVin, tlie powerful and clover orclies-t tra, and the pretty lady ehoristors. -No longer doeB the -Stat e.diiiiiig-roqm provide good cheer and execrable speeches, and iio longer dues tlib" Press-room 'furnish qiiips and cranks for tlio on- tertaiiimont of visiting journalists and. otliorq who had the .entree to. the sanetoruin, the driia- uiontal lakotiioiisbs, tho oblivion of the switch back railway. -Tlio annexes will -all bo pulled down in a month or so, and then tho full extent of ruined flower beds' and slirubberios will :be grievously witnessed. It will take years to re store tho, .Carlton gardens to t-lieir original lux- utianoe. I'lio formal abdication of the Exhibi tion .Coniliiissionors in' favour of tho trustees was eolobrated with, a lunClieon and /spcebhninlc-.: ing. — 'Standard. 