A YlpveU0t* : The Midnight Prophecy \OB THB i HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. CHAPTER LXVn. "I WXU. 0AVB TOtT." j - By Emma Garrison Jones. "I olimbed the gory valtare'a neat. ; And found the trembling dova within." The voioe of Mother Gwynnath aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up witn a thrill of terror. The sun waa shining in at the window, and the old woman was plaoing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. "Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed as she had thrown herself down; "ye must a keep bad hours last night; see " — pointed to the empty oandleatiok—" yer candles burnt out." "I like to burn my light all night in tbis ghostly place, replied Maggie, ?quietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange ment about the room should betray her; "andl got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time— 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman," "Weel, weel," responded the old woman, her eyes gleaming wiokedly, " 'twas yer own stubborn will as brung ye here; why dinna ye marry the young laird at once ?" " Beoause I was foolish, 1 dare say," said Maggie, obeying a sudden determin ation to pretend she was being oonquered in order to ward off suspicion;, "but Lord Angus should have been patient and not whisked mc off and shut mc up like a prisoner. I can't forgive him." " Yes, ye can," coaxed Mother Gwyn neth. "Why he done it all fur love of ye, and ho be a braw young laird as any lassie need be proud to win. Yell for me him an! meet him wi' a kiss when he gets baok from Lunnon, won't ye .now?" ' ?Maggie tossed her head with a oharm ing coquettish air. ". When does he oome I" she asked. " To-morrow, mobbe ; he thought to be gone a week, but Berkit oame last night an say? he'll be back sooner—so ye may be lookin' yer puttiest. - doom, here's yer breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' eat, an' don't fret any more; I ahall be busy to-day, since the young laird oooms to-morrow." She left the room, looking it after her, and Maggie heard hor go shuffling down the great stairway with the blood-hound whining at her heels. He followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow I Lord Angus coming baok to-morrow i Oh, what should she do ? How should she escape f She sat for a long timo In deep thought. There seemed to be no hope, and she oame to her deoision in silent calmness. If the worst came she would slip through tho aperture, raplaoe the sliding panel, and lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below and die. They would never find her for it was evident they knew nothing of tho secret pas ?we. Butitwouldbeadroadful end to life and her old father mourning ovor her -. -And the Earl of Strathspey! At thought of him she started up. The re membrance of his White faoc and hungry eyos thrilled her with new hope. She crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very tempting and she was weak and ? I un g rT : 1 She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled baoon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea; tho remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. But dare she attempt to nuke the descent by daylight? a a 80me ono should enter her room and find the panel open, the secret stair way revealed? But she could not bear to let the carl tarnish throughout the long, long day. She resolved to risk it. ? . - Taking tho food in hor apron as before dow remoTod tho panol and huwied When she roaohed the vault sho was ereathlesa. Tho peer, reclining on his neaof stono, heard her coming and arose Jltu m hor ' his w Wte face eager and *? ul }i>S- It had seemed an eternity since ?ho left him. She spread her breakfast beforo him ?,i lv -- e<i Mm to partake of it. But, my little friend," ho said, purely, his eyes turning withwistfullong {ng toward the food, in spite of his will, i. oannot prolong my life at the cost of yours—you bring mc your food while yon Mo starving i" "Oh, no,"she cried. "No,''indeed.' I hare oaten some, and I shall have moro ?tiioon—pleaso eat it, and try to got your M 0 tan need it all. And I must leave you again this moment. I will oome twain; in tho meantime, remain quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn." She fled aWay as she had come, with noiseless stops, up the spiral stairs, and baok to her prison. ' Tho morning wore away. Noon came, and. a hot September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlements; the long.long afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. ..Maggie threw aside the old volume she had been trying in vain to read, and wont to'the window with a sigh of relief. Tho day had seemed so endless, and she had lor.ged for tho night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, ala?, for there was not the most remote possibility of OBoape. Yet she longod with feverish im patienoe for the darkness, and welcomed ft now, and watched tho great white stars, flashing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a little morsel of oandle that would not last through half the night. " I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yerael," she said; "go to bed like a gude lassie; yer braw young sweetheart will bo here to-morrow." Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved her supper for the earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-boats. She oould hear the fi. trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, sho heard that for which she had hoped with suoh feverish unrest. The sweet flute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, " The Camp bells are ooming." Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of exoitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then she made her way out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she readied the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at tho blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of " Highland Mary.". Maggie know that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her hoart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen oheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure orossing the barren heath below, and raising an arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It a.proaohed the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fasoinatod gaze, but oontinued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence I Then, all at onoe, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and she drow baok half in terror. Ten minutes more 1 The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. Il was instantaneously answered. " Be quiet," spoke a oleur, firm voice, a voioe that inspired her with confidence and courage ;" do not fear; lam coming to help you." " Oome on 1" she responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head oame distinctly into view—a handsome, blonde bead, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their ownor was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the " Border Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew siok and faint as she watohed him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Oovered with porspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his olose fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, hi? handsome face flushed, his blondo curls all in a tumble; yet Maggie knew him in an instant. He was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's feet at tho "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom sho appealed for holp when Lord Angus forced hor away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color rose to her cheeks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. "I remember you," she said, simply; "and you have risked your life to come to mc?" The young man bowed, and took tho cold little fingers in his own shapely hand. "No, not quito that," he replied. " 'Twas'a close thing, I'll admit, but I'vo a talent for olimbing, and the ivy is strong and safe ;my lifo was in no danger. But I'm glad you remember mc," ho added, with a flashing glance, " because I'vo never forgotten you for one single moment; sleeping or waking, your faco has haunted mc. I knew you were not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to save you. I followed the carriage tbat bore you away that night, and saw you conveyed into this place j and Sliding no other mode of entrance, you see, 'I've climbod tho gory vulture's ue?t.' And now, what can I do for you t" " Help mc to escape," replied Maggie, promptly, "If I remain till to-morrow, a fate wor?O than death will bo mine." He uonsiilorcd a moment, his handsome face turned toward tho sotting moon. ?.??".First, toll "mc," ho t> " how you ovor managed if, as I infer, you bay '.- , Boner. You s__ely did not ascend by the secret stairway 1" " Yes, I did,"Maggie replied. "Idis covered it by chance, and came up here attracted by tha sound of your flnto ; but I fancied no one know that suoh a stair way existed'" The young man smiled, showing hia handsome white teeth. "You fancied rightly. . 1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old plaoe was unoccupied and I wa? here on an investigating tour ; but I can't well believe that you had the courage to ascond it.'' '?Idld," said Maggie. "I would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape." . He flashed another glance upon hor from- his bright blue eyes. " Come, then," he said ; " wo have no time to lose, and there ia but one way. The doors and gates are barred and bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood-hound are playing sentinel. We must go down by the. ivy." Maggie started in surprise; and grew a shade paler as she glanood down the dizzy distance. " There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will only trust mc, I will Bave you. Cornel" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. " Now you'll have to cling to mc with all your strength—here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear;' you look like a brave girl." She permitted him to clasp her olobo, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders.. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when ehe uttered a quick cry ! " Oh, I had forgotten I" she exclaimed; ." how utterly selfi?h I am in my eager ness te savo myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle—away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. Wo must save him—l won't leave him behind." The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. " What do you say ?" he cried ; *? the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here t" " Yes—his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and looked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent mc down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him." "And why should this boy lure his father hore, and leave him to die ?" ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. " The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and tho young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom." For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. " Well," he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this ib the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." " It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly ; "and he will die—he looks like death now—and I have oarried him so food since morning. Oh, sir, can't you help mc V "Of course I will—l'll rouse the officers of tho law, and ransack .this old ghost nest from top to bottom " " But every moment is preoions," inter posed Maggie ; " the young Lord Angu?, as he is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no son of the earl." ?? What, you have the proof J" "Yes—l found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in tho flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe that was found, on the Tyrol mountain— the written proof that " " Hist 1" oried the young man, catching at her arm, " there's a carriage below— put out your candle, quiok !" Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle fliokered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehiclo containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at tho groat gate, and one of them leaped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. " Oh, heavens 1" she whispered, her cheeks paling with torror, "it is Lord Angus, tho earl's sun ; we are lost)'' " Nov," replied the stranger, " not lost yet. See, they have entered—Mother Gwynneth _ blood-hound bids them wel come. Come 1" Ho clasped her firmly with one arm and approaohed the window. ? " But the earl ?" gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of tho boast bolow. " ill save him," replied tho young man, quietly ; " but you must bo got into a safe place first. Oome—tho moments are precious." And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through tho window and swung himself out. CHAPTER LXVIII. THE HEItMII'B CAVE. "Now cling to mc with all your might," he said, gently, "and don't look down ; keep your eyes on tho moon. Poor little dovo, do not tremble bo ; I'll not let you fall." He swung himself out, holding on to the window-sill, and Maggie clasped him oloso with hor lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyOB fixed upon tho white Septem ber moon, dropping slowly out of sight behind the Scottish hills. Down ho went, swinging himself from one twisting 'vine to another, never for ono moment loosen ing hia firm clasp. Maggie could feel liis heart throbbing with groat bounds, mid hear him broathing iv gusps, so tremend ous was his exertion. High fellowship bei-ets lovo, it is said, and I think the old doctor's fair daughter verified the old suyihg, in her hazardous descent that night. If sho did not lovo this bravo young stranger, who held hor so firmly in his arms, and riskod his lifo for her sako, with uV-ry breath ho drow, her heart was filled with a boundless gratitude. Down and down, from one -purled vino to an other, past the hoary battlomouts, past tbo lruilhoned windows, now suspended in mid-air, anon sliding down th- rugged reck, deceived by a tioaoheroua hold, but safe at Iftnt. '; : ' . Masgio'a foot ruuehod the crinp, brown' of the blighted heath, lit the base cf eat towoi-? he. brov6kaii*btrels*T-d his firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant ing and gasping for breath, and then Btood nobly ereot. . * Oh, what shall I ever do to repay you ?" began Maggio, in her gratitude, but-, no cut her short. "Hush," he said, grasping her hand; "we shall have the blood-hound at our heels. ? Cornel" ?'??.-..? . He hurriod her across the heath, round the skirt of the fir thicket, and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as tho "Hermit's Cavo." Tho entrance was in lescribaMy gloomy in the fitful light of the Betting moon ; a great, yawning chasm opening under a rocky roof, curtained by. black fir-branches and rank growing vines. Ho smfied down upon her as thoy nenred this dismal ehtranoe, something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. .. "Don't be afraid, little One," he said, kindly; "you have been very bravo to night. We aro safe now—a friend of mine lives in this gloomy cave—a good and wise old man, whose hospitality we must share to-night: You can trust mo, can you not 1" "I can trust you," said Maggie, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wide, reverberating cavern. Awny at the. remote end a taper glimmered, and as they drew near, Maggio perceived a little square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, fitted up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing the- garb of an ancient monk, with a black cowl on his head, and a white, flowing beard, appeared in the entrance. "Who comes?" ho demanded, his voice awakening a thousand sepulchral eohoes. "A friend," responded the young man. At the sound of hia voice the hermit advanced to meet them. - " You are welcome, my son," he said ; then bis eye falling on Maggie, who blung to her deliverer's arm half in terror, he added, "You have succeeded, I see— come, my child," extending his hand to her, "the hermit bids you welcome." He led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood fire that blazed in one corner. " You are white and cold." he said, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine from a flask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggio obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling through her ohilled veins, and bringing a glow to her oheeks. " And you, my son, continued the her mit, turning to tho young man, "look worn out — a drop will renew your strength." But the young man shook his head. " No wine for mc," he said, smiling, " but a glass of cold water, if you please —and five minutes to breathe in, then I must leavo this young lady in "your care, and bo off again—the Earl of Strathspey is a prisoner in the old donjon." The hermit turned in amazement. "The Earl of Strathspey a prisonert How can that be ?" " The man. who bears his name, who has been reared as his son, has oonfined him there to die. " And wherefore ?" "To secure the earldom—the earl doubted that he was in truth his son, and talked of renouncing him." For a minute the two looked into eaoh other's eyes, and then the hermit laid his hand upon the young man's Bhonlder. "I seel" ho answered, solemnly; "Bomulus, my son, Heaven's justice may be tloio, but it is sure I" The young man sat silent an' in?tant, and then he arose. " I mu?t not delay," he said; " every moment tells, and tho earl must be rescued this night." " Why not call out the proper authori ties, and have the ruins searobed ?" Bug gestod the hermit, "That would tako time in this wilder ness," replied tho other, " and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder him whilo a pair of officers are pounding ot the gates. No; I'll try it myself. I've climbed the tower twice to-night, and I'll make the third attempt. I oan get. on better without help than with it." He started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. "If anything should befall mc," he said, coolly, "and I don't return, you will see that this young lady is restored to her friends ?" "I will," repliod the hermit. "But, my son, do not rashly throw away your lifo." " I shall save the earl, and mysolf too, if possible," was his quiet answer. " I think I'm a match for Mother Gwynnoth and all her emissaries, the blood-hound included." He took a short knife from a crevice overhead, and put it in his belt as he spoke. Maggio watched him, with "whitening chooks, her very heart sinking within her. She arose, and extended her baud. " You risked your life to save me,'' she faltered, "and I have not ovon thanked you—and now ". _ " My success in saving is ample re ward," he replied, taking hor trem bling hand, and retaining it in his firm clasp. " You are not afraid to ro main here ?" ho added: " Why do you tromblo so ?" "Not afraid—oh, no; not for myself— but for your safety," she murmured, dropping her eyes Bhyly beneath hia gai?o. A sudden light flashed over her hand some face, and ho raised the little hand ho held to his lips, with gravo roverenco. "Do not fear," be repliod, gontly ; " I sholl come to no harm. Farowoll 1" *?? Ho turned again to go, but looked back, struck with a sudden remembrance ' "You said you had proof," he said, " that this man who bears tho earl's name j is not his son. May I ask what proof ?" . Maggie resumed her Beat, and, with a deprecating glanco, and a .movement of exquisite grace and modesty, removed the boot from her dainty foot, and extracted tho yollow paper from its hiding place be- j noath tho lining. " I put it thoro for safo kooping," blio explained, as sho handed it to tho young man. "I had only found it when I was drugged and forced from homo." Ho ran it ovor with his keen blue oyes, a hot i'ush mounting to his cheeks. Then ho pa- scd itto tho hermit. " Little girl," ho snid, turning again to .Maggie,-"I-think;th'ove-iB some power, higher and moro divine than moro chance, ?t Work for ns all to-night. Yon will think so to, by and by. Good-byo." ' And, with a bow and smile, he dis appeared, and Maggio was left alone in tho hermit's cave. To be continued. 