LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. Tnum, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of tiquity, as well as of our 1 enitorsjrelate to trees; whil be interesting to our readers. We begin with the apple-tree, so singularly connected with tlie lirst transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandinavians, and Druids. Tlie golden fruits of tlie Hesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by-the-pagans to be apples. Hercules was worshipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek Mflon, an apple), and apples were offered at liis altars. • In the Scandinavian Edda we are told that the goddess Iduna had the.care of apples which had the power of conferring immortality,' and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ate of them when they began to feel themselves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple- tree and hid them m a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in tlie world. Thfe gods became -old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in'body and inind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the .earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of' the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every, day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because' the-misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earnest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury -was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Homans. Many old rites and ceremonies ore therefore connected with this tree, some of-which are practised in the orchard districts even at the'present day.. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of tlie Church, was compounded of ale, sugar; nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple-with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow E'en, and on All Saints Day, which was. formerly common over all. England, is still practised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tiedbehind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same manner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Pnder the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (tliat of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all. the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred fire of their jriests. This was tlie origin of the Tule og, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas fire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fireof the following year. The Yule loy was always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it -was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of tho n raids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule e worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was- erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the ceremony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, which, howeverj were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, which, according to some, is a relic of Druidism. The well-known chorus of " Hey, derry itown,":^crarding to Professor Bumet, ?rBS'aDruidic ehajut, signifying literally,* B ln a curie the oak move arbjmd." Criminals were tried under an oak' tree, the judge mQi the jury seated. nnder- Its sliade/ 'end the culprit placed in a circle made.by the chief: Druid's wand. 33ie Saxons also held their yintinnfLl - jnostiiigBl^under an oak; and the celebrited®on6aEiice -between the Saxons the BriioiiB sffcer the invasion of the foimttwMhel&imder; the oaks of Dartmoor. The'jnistifito^ -particularly that which grows On the oair, was held in. great "venerationfelJie Britons. At the beginning of their year,1Ehe Druids went in solemn processioniiito the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finestoak, on which they inscribed "the names of those gods which were considered as themost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended thebee, andcropped the mistletoe -with A-consecrated golden priming-hook, the other' Druids receiving it in&< pure white cloth, which they held beneath the tree. The mistletoe was then —•=water by the principal Druid, buted among the people, asaJpfgeejjatiyB against witchcraft and .JllM^fe^IfcjgAj part of the plant tmu^cflite'^ip^ral! considered to be t^ iomj^«f eomedreaaful misfortune whidtfraas aboul loSfaUipfe the land. Tto^^pipny- WM always performed -vrf^'pia^ffiS^ jras six- days old, and tHnpSwbite ^jullBjileiB sacrificed at the condusioii.^' In f^anffihivian mythology, to have made. ^ie arrbw with whlch he wounded Balder (ApbHo), the -son M IWga lnStietoe branches, BaUer,^jraS chaSned against ySijmy: from' • ever^lnng - qritiSi sprang tom fire^ Carfli, air, and wafer; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder* was not restored to the world till by ai general effort of the other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, and some other countries, call the mistletoe the "spectra's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force (hem to speak to him. She custom, of kissing under the mistletoe at Christinas " has been handed down to as by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, aim to prevent it from bong again used against ier as an instrument of mischiet feudal ages it was gathered' -with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung -up in the great hall with loud shouts and rejoicing. The holly, like Bomeofcher evergreens, has longbeen used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for tins purpose by the early Christians at Home, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly was used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Jtomans to send boughB .of holly, during the Saturnalia, «6 emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts they, presented to their friends at thit season; .and -the holly came thusto be considered as an emblem of peace and good-, •will. - The ivy was dedicated by the ancients to Bacchus, whose statues axe generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god Of wine its praises have been sung by almost oil poets, whfi&er; ancient or modem. Many reasons ^ ' " "wen for the consecration to Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the vines, and that it was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most Drobable, liowerer, seems to be that tlie i " ' "" he reputed jjirtlr o other pi riests pre arried persol ' the tie . gether, ani , w Egypt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. Tlie ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, 6ome of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, "I die where. I. attack myself," and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. The jasmine is no less celebrated fox the delicacy of its odour and flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. Tlie custom which pre- vails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in their hair, is said to have arisin from the following circumstance:—A grand date of Tuscany had, in 16S9, a plant of the deliciously-scented jasmine of Goa, which he was so careful of, that he would no suffer it to be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a" peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave her a sprig of this choice plant on her birthday; and he having taught her how to make cuttings, she planted the sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring its beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a proverb," that she who is worthy to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a fortune to her husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. The name is said to have been taken from thatof Myrsine,an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffering love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her offended mistress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she firstsprang from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess wcre*always .surrounded by groves of myrtle; mid in Greece she was adored under the name of Myrtilla. Pliny says that the Romans and Sabines, when they were reconciled, laid down tlieir arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the symbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained avictory without bloodshed. The rose has been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries and in all ages, -and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity and danger from the fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to Harpocrates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for tliis reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to be kept secret was said to be told " under the rose." The Grade poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red—according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from tlie blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of tlie rose is said by the poets to Ire derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to be the strings of tlie bees with which the arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to -fcfco t»u-tii of tHo rose is, tiiat flora, having found the dead body of one of herfavourite nymphs, whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, implored the assistance of all the godB and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others ehonld acknowledge to be tlieir queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Pomona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. . A beetle is often representedon antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury—tlie beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. Among the Bomans the rose was an especial'favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at tlieir with its leaves, and their ladies used rosewater as^a perfume.- Throughout the East •it was still more extensively celebrated; the poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose bring numerous enough to fill an ordinary volume. That which.represents the nightingale as singing for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and lias given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of the fable is thus told in tlie Language of JTowers:—" In a curious fragment by the-celebrated poet, Attar, entitled BaSnd-Xameh—the Book of the Nightingale—ill the birds appear before Solomon, and charge the nightingale with disturbing thdr rest, by the broken -and plaintive strains whichhe warblesfbrth all tlie night in a sort of pbrensy and intoxication. The Aightingale is summoned,-questioned, and acquitted by-the wise king, because tlie bird assures him that his vehement;love for the "drivesbim^dist^tibft«ndcauses liHn.to break forth into.±hos8 passionate •and touching compla£to:yfri& jare laid to his duaiEeT 1 The [Peisuins also assert that the ni^tingaleinspringTau.(ters round the ose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, (ill, overpowered by the strong scent, he drops stupified on the ground." The Catholic Church lias also added considerablv to the legendary history of the "rose.":. A golden .jobs was considered so honourable a -;jpiSi^ thajb iione but crowned heads wefb thtraght^prihy either to give or to reeeSTO ifc ~Boses j>f this kind were sometimes confie^tediby ttie Popes on Good Friday, and given to'EUch potentates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the floweritself being an emblem of the mortality of tlie body, and the gold of which it was composed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Borne, and the day on which the ceremony is performed is called "Dominica in Bosa." The rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and enters into 'the composition of most of their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown of roses to the girl who should be acknowledged by all the competitors to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village—a custom which, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. In the middle ages, the knights at a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of tlie country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find -it mentioned among the rights of manors, that theirowners were empowered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for -mnVinjT rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had formerly a day of ceremony, called *' Baillee de Boses," because great quantities of roses nte<L~ How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground .in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand 'flowers of hope that were ready to spring up 1 and gladden all his pathway. In Persia, when a -man is convicted of robbery, Siey .put Mm- in a brick tank by "" ~ ' " * ~ ' around jfliim "i 