SOCIAL GOSSIP The chief events of last week were the departure tor Europe of his Excellency the Governor and family and the arrival of Sir "William Robinson, who is to fill the posi tion of Acting Governor until the return of Sir Henry Loch. The departure of the s.j. Arcadia on Friday was necessarily the occasiou of a large crowd collecting on the "Williamstown pier, for in addition to the vice-rogal party the passengers included the Right Reverend the Bishop of Ballarat and Mrs. Thornton, and a number of well-known citizens. The .Spencer- street railway station looked particularly gay, having been decorated in honor of the Governor and Lady Looli, who evidently possessed the best wishes of the crowd lvhich had collected about the station to see them off. Any amount of fern3, flowers and red bunting had quite transformed the ap pearance of the railway platform, where a guard of honor was drawn up under the command of Colonel Brownrigg. Among the decorations such devices a3 "Au Bevoir," "March, 1389, "anil " Arcadia," were conspicuous, and the iiope that Sir Henry and Lady Loch would soon return was openly expressed on all sides. The special train consisted of three saloon carriages, the first of which was occupied by officers, &c.;, the second by the Ministerial party, and the third by Sir Henry and Lady Loch, the Misses Loch, Mademoiselle Dorenlot, Sir William Robin3oa and Captain Keith- Falconer. The engine of the vice-regal train was decorated with flowers, flags and evergreens. The scene at Williamstown was most brilliant, the Arcadia and Britannia, which were drawn up on each side of the pier, had their yards manned by Lascars, who looked most picturesque in their white clothes and red turbans ; a band war playing on board of each vessel, and the deck3 as well a3 the pier were thronged with specta tors. Another guard of honor was here formed by the naval brigade, under the command of Lieutenant Heath, and as the Governor stepped on the f?an!?\vftv. whinh was /IrnnArT flags, the two bands played the National Anthem. The floral offerings to Lady Loch were simply bcyond_dc3cription, the state cabin being almost filled with trophies of flowers and baskets filled with the mo3t beautiful roses and ferns, and artistic bouquets ad infinitum. The vice regal party remained on the upper deck, saying good-bye to their numerous friends until the departure of the ship, which was somewhat delayed owing to a mishap which befel some of the Governor'3 lug gage. Among those assembled to wi3h ton voyage to the Governor and Lady Loch were Sir James MacBain, tho Speaker and Mrs. Davies, Sir James Lorimcr, Sir W. J. and Lady Clarke, Sir Arthur Kicoison, Captain aud Mrs. Stanley, Sir Geo. Verdon, Colonel Sargood, Mr. Alfred Deakiu, Mr. 0. H. Pearson, the Mayor of Melbourne, Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, Mr. Jas.Service and many others. TheGovernor and Lady Loch remained on deck, graciously acknowledging the good wishes and kindly senti- ' ments which were expressed a3 the vessel moved off. The State University of Oregon Ua3 150 women students. Two American women have jnst been licensed as captains of vessels. The Zenana ladies of Lahore addressed their parting letter to Lady Dufferin, "Dear Mother of the Benighted Females of India." A daughter of Mr. Frith, the Royal Acade mician, is a writer of ghost stories for a Cana dian newspaper, under the noni de plume of " Walter Powell." The Empress Frederick is an accomplished player of both the violin and the" guitar, and a dny seldom passes but she amuses herself for au hour or two with one of those instruments, whioh accompany her everywhere. We clip the following from the Queen: — "A lady from the South Kensington School of Art Needlework has been engaged to go out to Mel bourne, to teach the finer forms of embroidery there. Classes are already being formed in ex pectation of her arrival. Mrs. Langtry is aoont to play Macbeth at tho Fifth Avenue Theatre, New York, and, it is stated, has resolved that the ushers, ticket sellers and tioket takers, with all tire other servants of the theatre who come into contact with the public, shdll.be dressed in costumes harmonising with those worn on the stage. This will be a decided novelty. The example Bet by the Dnches3 of Hamilton, who it will be remembered is tho proprietress of a dairy at Ipswich, has been followed by at least one other lady of rank, Lady Shaftesbury iiavmg recently openeu a "store at Bourne mouth for the sale of farm and dairy produce ; and the Duchess of Hamilton not only has a dairy, buta compauy of "practical dairywomen to give lessons in the art of good butter making. These instructors have been established at different parts of tho estate, and their services have been found so useful that the experiment is about to be followed on the Rutland, Suther land and other properties. Lady Magnus, in the National Bcrieio, finds a good doal of fault with the system of education that is pursued at women's colleges. She com plains that the students are ill dressed, un attractive and priggish, and nothing more than a " crowd of machine made mcdioorities." All this sounds very terrible, but as Lady Magnus does not very clearly state what system would better meet tho material wants and the intellectual aspirations of womankind it is difficult to profit by her criticisms. mus uuuy luiuuson iins appeared as a writer. The current number of the north American Be view contains an article by the popular actreis on amateurs on the stage. She justly derides the ambition of the untaught fashionable lady, "serenely starting at the top, expecting to see herself instantly recognised as a dramatic artist." Miss Anderson is somewhat an excep tion to the rule she sets down ; she never belonged to a theatrical company, and first studied seriously in England only. A diadem which, in the glorious and never- to-be- forgotten days of the second Empire, adorned the liead of the beautiful Empress Eugenie, is now on exhibition in Philadelphia. It is composed of diamonds and turquoises iu a setting ot dead gold, and is of a horseshoe shape. In the centre of the front of the diadem is a magnificent turquoise the size of a pigeon's egg, and the body of it is liberally adorned with rare turquoises, but of smaller size, and no fewer than 200 brilliants. It is valued at £15.000. The wife of a merchant from San Francisco, who made a "huge pile " in paraffin oil, offered to buy it lately, but, to her chagrin, was told that it was " not for salo ! " Tho Queen of Madagascar (according to a recent observer) is a small slender woman, of very light color, with a very sad expression ex cept when she smiles, which she did to two children who were upon the dais with her— » prince and a princess— either of whom may coins to the throne should alio die without issue ; sha then looks quite pretty. She gives one the im pression that she i3 very unhappy : it is said that she fret3 very much i'or her former husband, who died of consumption before she came to tlia throne, and for that reason slio held out as ' '0,)5 as possible against accepting tho crown. - Sao u about 23 years of age, and has reigned 4 years, and is one of, if not the most popular rulers the people have ever had. Her dresses all come from Paris. On the day the visitor saw her she wore a white cashmere robe, with a heavy silk, train; a mantle of the fcamc, with cut steel buttons ; hat of white silk, witli ostrioh feathers and silver crescent ornaments ; cut steel brooch, earrings and pendant ; white kid 4-button gloves, with red coral bracelets (red coral is tho national jewel). For whom do Indies' dress ? . This is a matter agitating a Buda-Tcsth newspaper. Tho ques- tion propounded is, says tho Pall Mall Gazette, whether the fair sex dress to please the opposite sex or their own. Some correspondents stoutly maintAin that all toilettes have for their ulti mate end the gratification of men. . Others say that it is to please the men and induce envy in women : while a third contention is that toilettes aro studied and arranged solely for womens eyes. The advocates of this theory ay that men take no notice of dress; whether a woman-. be 6imply or gaily attired is all one to them; and tlicy remain as cold as glaciers before tho most charming of dresses. One says: How often should we be delighted by but a glance from the men at some toilette upon which we have ex pended much carc ; but when they see a pretty face or a beautiful c ye, not a look is given to the loveliest dress. "With the ladies it is different. The best dressed woman Is always noticed by her sisters ; and if a woman is plain she can at least carry off the laurels in the matter of dress. So that it is for the eyes of women ladies give o mucli care to dress. '. 