HELBiHJiUfE GOSSW. CFBOM OUB OWE O0E&SSPOKBVT.f; " " - Oct. 3a I am told that there has been a political . crisis daring the week, bah decline to believe it. We have not the material for anything ao interesting. Messrs. Service, Gilliee and a few of their fellows very fluently concerning a point of oonstitational law. and having clearly established the fact that they knew nothing about it, shelved it. The unfortunate reporters who were present tell me that the parties to the discossioa indeed preternatarally wise, «od' that the taore hopelessly befogged they became the more meaning tbeir nods grew. Apart from that, the event of tbe Parliamentary week has been tbe defeat of the wine bonas proposals, which evidences the strength of the temper ance party. To talk of spending two millions in closing hoteU,mad then to present wine- growere with a few thoc sands was en obvious absurdity from which the Victorian Alliance has delivered the Government. Mr. Shiele is natnr&lly; jubilant, for to him the week has been one of trinmph, onerpectedly rapid and complete. How tbe Council will treat the Divorce BUI, seems to be an open question ; the Upper Boose moat, however, be strangely at variance with the Lower if there is any great hesitation. . Then comes the interesting query, what will the Home authorities do with the BUI? Coming on the top of the New £ontb Wales measure, which was shelved, it will embarrass tbe clerical party, for what the colonies do to day England is very apt to do after a few to-morrows. On Thursday the Members of tbe Lis- -lative Assembly unbent and proceeded to tbe Zoological Gardens, where they disported themselves much after the fashion of boyp, let oat of school. With the confidence; natural to law-makers, they ignored the regulations and amused their lady Mends by poking the beasts with their umbrellas. Mr. Officer was to the fore throughout the morning, not it need hardly be said as one of the letters, but u tbe raide. nhiloeoDher and friend of those young members who were taking part in tbe """«! Parlia- j mentary visit for tbe first time. Last year the Honse voted £40 00 to the gardens ; be fore that the subsidy bad been £3000. It is gratifying to see that the money is well spent. Mr. Lc So?uf, the director, is an enthusiast, and the gardens are growing really beautiful as the result of his constant attention. Sir Henry Loch is to send a host of treasures from, the Cape. From first to last he seems to have taken a real interest in the gardens, having supplemented hie annual visit of State by others paid informally. Even now tbe Zoo is one of the most popular ebow places in Melbourne ; it will soon be more accessible, owing to ex tension of tbe tramway system. A popular preacher, once resident in the \V caters District, and to whom I believe " Fieche" was indebted for a few good things, tells tnc an am using story anect an all -day prayer meeting held in Melbourne recently. Various ministara presided in. euc- cession, and when it came to the turn of Canun Langley, that gentleman referred to the death of a colleague with whom he was tu have entered oo certain mission work. The passing away of his friend had, the Canon said, deeply impressed him with the solemnity of the work he bad undertaken, and he asked those present to pray that he might be strengthened for its discharge. A certain well known evangelist, who had listened, thought that too little had been made of the graces of tbe deceased, whom, having forgotten his name, I will call Brown. He rose, and closing his eyes as though in prayer, remarked, " Thon knowest, O Lord, how good a man our departed brother Brown was ; thou knowest how he was honoured by the people ; and thou knoio&t; that hie funeral cortege ?oae kjolf-a-mHe long" Some of those assembled were so unaccostomed to petitions of this peculiar sort, that they hardly knew whether to weep for, or to laugh at, the much advertised evangelist. Had not the story come to me on such -excellent authority, I should have been unable to credit it. After all there is to be no Beauty Show. Adverse criticism has killed it. I think those who looked forward to the event with pleasurable antisipation did just as much mischief as those who denounced the venture. Thev were too frank in Admitting that they supposed the exhibts would be drawn from a class of whom Hood -sang one of his most touching eougft. Io face of that sort of talk, girls with any epark of self-respect must have felt that the carnival was not for them. No doubt tiie exhibition woold have been amuring, thoogb a trifling degrading, but it ie satisfactory to find that we do cut the liDe somewhere, the cynics having asserted broadly that such & teat was one we were quite incapable of performing. Melbourne has representatives of every creed, an J amongst those who bid for public favour are tbe spiritualists, who, after being quiescent for a while, are again bidding for public favour. During the week they held an "experience meeting" in the Thistle Company's Hall. It was an wincing gather- : ing. Many of those who gave their ex periences are on delightfully Ultimate teroiB with the spirits, whom they address by en dearing names. Indeed One of the apeakera told how a ghost was wont to tit on his kuee, throw his arm about him, and exhibit fashion. Mr. C&qboo;, who is pretty well known by all who delight in manifestations and seances, was one of the speakers, but neither he nor his confrere euceeded in showing to what end their celestial guests bad waited on them. They came, &aid; nothing, wrote the merest trifles, and so de parted. However, the cnlt seems to be pro gressing, and every now and then in qoite unsuspected quarters I drop on somebody who admits, with a certain pardonable hesi tation, that he thinks there is something in it. To the sceptic it is all very perplexing, and when he finds that if prepared to jjfiufc the matter to the test he must ran the-asx of spending months in a perfectly passire ab- titude, iu rather hysterical company, he re- 1 solves to remain in oater darkness. Mr. Man&ergh;, tbe expert who is to give Melbourne a drainage scheme, has one virtue. He will not minister to the amusement of the public by talking to the interviewer. In this respect his attitude presents a refreshing contrast to that of some of our visitors, who, after laying themselves oat to secure the services of a scribe, discourse in tones of touching resignation on the inconveniences of the publicity thrust upon them. But Mr. Mansergh does not derive his income from the direct contributions of the many- headed. They pay him, it is true, but not as they pay author, actor or singer by throw ing their shillings into the treasury. Mr. Mansergh has come none too soon, for though as yet we have had no very hot weather, we have enjoyed some piremonitQxy whiffs, eminently suggestive of tile deficits sum (her may have in store forta'Tne wrtuCttfnsfiibn in which the second reading of the Health Bill was carried inspires a little hope that' something may be done. Mr. Deakin took t|be life out of the Opposition, for if JiTGo- veramect will not stand by % Blxheres small fas mud no profit tapulingfttb'pTeSes. More than that, thanks to the fashion in which the Press has supported M. deBavay, tbe public are not disposed to regard any fooling with sanitary matters kindly. Mr. Monro may not be a very astute politician, | but he is too wary to excite aktorin of indig-jj nation by opposition which cannot give him place or power. T he Daily , Telegraph got rid 0? Ahe libel action instituted by Mr. Porves without - affording the public such amusement as they might have derived had the case beep heard in pahUc.'JXp metlfovlii&lagieflope;&ady; perplexing, and one can but suppose thsttbere ores something behindthe - scenes. - Totthe ; uninitiated the article fco"'which dxcsgftiik was taken seemed innocent enough, and tbe reference to Sergeant Buzfoz the merest' cummODplsce. Perhaps those concezoed felt that to com promise and pay-costs' was cheaper, than to figh p, even thpugh ..they should ' happen to win. The ' proprietor of the W iljiajMioum. Clpxmidr. has also met, a trivial misfortune, tlloatratiDg tb'e uncer tainties of journalistic life. Daring his absence the advertisement of a sweep .was. inserted, and on his return hq ordered its Immediate withdrawaLbaf teolateife-pcSae iafrjugumsot of the law; 'Gweeps tute'nir doubt often Irandniept, but the «pbole thing, is canon's.' Bookmakers who are not above suspicion may ad vectise themselves ' -ffebfyf i but the sweep promoter must remain in obscurity. The existing law is a com- Jiromtse, and an illogical one, but it "is the- aw, and should be enforced. Oo Saturday. I attended the.iOoncertEiveu ' by thectoruinGrchestra ioljite Tofvnlialji, I was surprised to find the attendance as large as it was, the conceit iwipg the twenfyj. ninth. Of course, the'Msjfbe'apehaEr! informed us all that the audiences weregood, bnt ono toj geqbijM the# mttef, as there «s no ?uch thing ob a poor) '"It IWllfflBlTTOrtlT'ltii foti St fwnutww sir' are under' lmSww'wreepnzeofair always' at hand and to use it freely. Mr. Hamilton- Clarke, thecOBduetwsrfteeOrebestraja not, overburdened iwith modesty, or ifmooest Ss- nnhappy in bh mode of expressing himself. Ooe of the numbers in£atonday's programme was his, and his note oh it set forth "that it was an attempt to reproduce the 'style of Handel iu his freest momenta." Imagine the fate which would overtake a dramatist if he described ins play as an attempt to reproduce , the style of Shakespeare in las- freest moments. Bat to musicians we pardon much. If a man can fiddle superbly we expect him to be ignorant, and we are bnt rarely disappointed. Mr. Clarke adapts nicely, but I don't know whether bis musical ability is sufficient to atone for slipshod com position, or rather to render such composi tion—I mean of English prose-naturaL 