THE MAYBRICK CASE. " Appearances are terribly against me. but before God I sweat lam innocent." Thus Florence Elizabeth Maybrick wrote on the day when she was taken into custody for the murder of her husband, who died three days before. Unfortunately for her the letter was written' to her paramour, and with the certain knowledge that it would come under the cognizance of the police. T&ere; have been many cases before now in which a woman has been charged with the murder of her husband, but tins case seema to have attracted a particularly large amount of attention in England. In the first instance the popular feeling was dead against Mrs. Maybrick for some reason or another which does not appear. This feeling gradually changed until it rcached the extraordinary climax which we announce this morning. The convicted murderess has been cheered on her way to Walton Gaol, and the Judge who sentenced her to death has been hissed and booted in the streets of Liverpool. For Mrs. Maybrick has been convicted of th{B murder of her late husband. Tne greatest English advocate of the day ha3 been engaged in her defence. Sir Charles RUBBCII has employed his unrivalled powerB in the task of proving Mrs. Maybrick innocent of the terrible charge brought against her. He has failed, and the wretched woman has been sentenced to pay the death penalty for the crime which she is accused of having committed. James Maybrick was a well- known merchant in .Liverpool. He was at least fifty years old, and he had married a wife some twenty-three or twenty-four years younger than himself. The wife had found out that her husband was old, and she had entered into an illicit connection with a person named Brierley. But tne huBband was not so old as to prevent his discovering this liaison, and he spoke to his wife very forcibly on the subject. He had never been very strong, and the Bhock of the discovery of her treachery and of the subsequent exploBionmade him thoroughly ill. Here it muBt be noticed thac according to the evidence produced at the various enquiries into the cause of Mr. Maybrick's death the deceased gentleman was in the habit of using poisonous medicine. Yielding to the mistaken advice of the medical gentlemen who had attended him, he had indulged in copious doses of arsenic, taken in certain quantities Besides this, he was accustomed to 88k the advice of non-professional friends, and to pay them the undeserved compliment of following it. For instance, he had taken arsenic as an anti-periodic. Of two medical advisers whom he had consulted, one made him take strychnine and nnx vomica, and the other prusBie acid. With theBe facts before us we are not inclined to wonder that the medical opinion as to Mr. Maybrick's death was that it was due to " exhaustion set up by an irritant poison." If a man takes arsenic regularly, if he is bolstered up by prussic acid and strychnine, it is hardly a matter of surprise that " an irri tant poison" should have something t•> do with his death. And, to wake matters worse for the medical men engaged in the case, it appears that as a last resouzqp the unfortunate man was dosed with japonandie, a poison which is not a poison unless it is taken in large doses. All this might be accepted as sufficient evidence in favour of the prisoner, who was charged with having killed her husband deliberately. But an addition can be made to it. One of the doctors, the usual medical attendant of the family, stated that the cause of death was apparently "acute congestion of the stomash" or " dyspepsia." He would not, however, grant a certificate of death from natural cauBes, first, because he had been told that murder was in the air—Dr. Humphreys did not state this reason very clearly— and, secondly, because " arsenic was found." This statement doeB not give any information as to where the arsenic was found. It might have been in tne house of Mr. Maybrick,, or it might have been in his body. But as any rate it is clear enough that the suspicions of the doctors would not have been aroused but for the interposition three days before the death of Mr. Maybrick of his two brothers, ; There can be no doubt whatever bat that Mr. Maybrick died from the effects of an irritant poison. By whom administered ? That is the question which was decided in Liverpool yesterday against Mrs. Maybrick. But to what end did she comaiit the crime ? Not for the sake of the money of her husband. It was proved before one of the three Courts which have tried her that the will of the deceased gentleman had not been subjected to her examination, and nobody, so far as we can learn, suggested that she desired to enter upon the enjoyment of more funds. We are driven to the supposition that she removed her husband in order to marry her paramour. The supposition bears its own refutation on its very face. A woman may be criminal enough to outrage the law which binds her to her husband, but there is not a tittle of evidence to support the theory that the murder of Mr. James Maybrick was plotted in order to render possible a union between the widow of the murdered man and her lover. The case has been imagined indeed in one of Zola's novelB, when after a time the widow of the victim and her paramour are married. The ghost of the murdered man comes between them, and they end by murdering each other. The money interest removed, we have the further motive of hatred. Mrs. Maybrick hated her husband, if we are to believe the evidence given before the Coroner and theMagistrates. But the strong expressions of a woman married to a man twice her age are to be discounted liberally, and it would be a moral injustice to translate the professed "hatred" into a determined plfen to kill. And, indeed, the evidence seems to emphasize the good intentions of Mrs. Maybrick. She . behaved abominably in preferring another man to her husband, but it is hard to believe that she supplemented her treachery with murder. It was she who drew attention to Mr, Maybrick's pernicious habit of taking arsenic. She nursed him night and day until she was ordered off by her brothers-inlaw. She herself swears that she used the arsenical fly-papers for a face-wash, and that her husband eagerly demanded Bome of the poison. She accounts for the presence of the arsenic in the meat-juice by the statement that Mr. Maybrick earnestly desired some to relieve hia pain. But, beyond her own testimony, we have the witness of persons who swore that the poison was not hidden from general view. Can any one believe that a woman bent on murdering her husband in cold blood would be so foolish aB to leave the means by which she worked ready for the inspection of inmates of the house and visitors ? One could easily enough understand if a man, who had killed his wife in a fit of frenzy, left the hatchet or the knife stained with the blood of his victim where it would readily be noticed. But the fiend in the shape of man or woman who could slowly do a human person to death is pretty sure to have kept his instruments hidden. It seems to us ia the face of the facts, so fat as they are known here, that it is a strained and unreasonable conclusion to arrive at that James Maybrick was murdered by his wife. She has been guilty of unfaithfulness, and in that respect has properly alienated the sympathy of all who respect the marriage tie, but it is hard to believe that she has been guilty of murder. 