Theatrical 3?opics. Stdbbt.— Tho Daily Telegraph oi MaTcii It says : ' Betsy ' drew a packed audionco to tho Criterion Thouiro on Saturday, and when the curtain rose thoro was scarcely standing1 room. Tho faroical comedy waB hilariously welcomed and seems likely to run strongly during tho wook. — Thero was a largo audienco at tho Thoatro Eoyal on Saturday, whero trio uunounoumont of tho lust nppcarunco of Mr. Ohiirlos Warnor in. his widely known impersonation an Tom1 Robinson gives added inducement to witnees thiB latest revival of 'It's Never Too Late to' Blend.' On Saturday next ' Streota of Lon don' will bo rovived. At Her Majesty's Theatre tho admirable econio ohnnges and lively f ensationul incidents of Tho Vendetta' pleased tho bouse, and tho piece will bs re peated during tho week. Melhouhne. — Tho Age of tho 9th instant says : Tho highly entertaining performances of Mr. Frank Lincoln, as given- in tho- Athemeum- Hall, Collins street, have attracted- largo and appreciative audience' during tbiB-wook. Mr. Lincoln has amply demonstrated his ability to fully entertain an audionoo, and* his powers of facial expression, variety of intonation, aud mimicry aro inimitable. As an exponent of the humour peculiar tc America he occupies a prominent position, to' which ho is justly entitled. — May Holt's drama, ' Evory Man for Himself,' is draw innr well at tho Alexandra Theatre. — 'Sweet Lavender' was performed for the last time on tho 8th instant to- a l.irgo houso in the Bijou Theatre. — Public interest in tho perform anceof thcSilbuntroupoutthoOporaHouso shows no sign of abatement, and crowded houses still greet the performance of this company. Tho pantomime of ' Smbad tho Sailor ' still attracts a good houso at tho Thoatro Eoyal. Tho Ia6t nights aro announced.— The comic opera, 'Pepit/i,' still holds tho boards at the Princess's Theatre. Tho last nights are, howover, now announced, as tho manage ment havo other novelties in preparation.— Mr. Gcorgo C. Miln, an American tragedian^ announces a Shakspearian season at the Mel bourne Opera House, commencing on Saturday next with Eichard III. Mr. Miln will bo supported during his stay in Melbourne by- Miss Isabel Morris, in all the leading lady ro?es, and an efficient company Young Coningsby Disraeli, the nephew and heir of the late Karl of Beaconsfield, has-been achieving great success as the leading low comedy man of Lady Folkestone's amateur theatrical entertainment. Lessees of theatres are being proceeded against, at the instance of the School Board, for employing childron in tho pantomime. The Cryttal Palaco is said to havo so employed 30 children and Driiry lane 100. Mr. Wilmot Eyre, the actor, who is coming to Australia by the Ormuz, has a 12 months' engagement with- Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Muegrove. Preliminary, howovor, to this cngdgement, Mr. Eyre will play in 'Union Jack' with Bland Holt, taking a prominent part. Italian theatres do not appear to be jufct now in a very flourishing condition. Tho Rossini Theatre, of Florence, has just been sold to a private capitalist, and iB to be turned into a reading-room ; while the Theatre Bilbo, of Turin, will shortly be pulled down to make room for building enterprises. It is good to bo an actor in Galbia. Tho pita get bo oxcited that people embrace- one another, a proceeding which might be pleasant or otherwise, according to circumstances. If an actor plea3es the audienco, thoy present him with brandy flasks; and a delighted butcher haB beon hetrd »o call out to a player, ' I'll let yon off what you owo me for moat !' A little of this enthusiasm here would be very gratify ing to the theatrical profession. Chicken and champagne followed the fall of the curtain on the firstnight of ' Macbeth 'in the London Lyceum, Irving's friends, accord ing to custom, going behind to bid him god speed, &c.; On this occasion the boat parts of the stalls and dress cirole wore bent on this pleasing mission, so that the crush was terrific. Herr Koczan, a wealthy Hungarian, recently offered a prizo for the best stago play. The first on tho roll of competitors is a bishop, Dr. Karl Szass, who sent in a tiagedy in verso. The piece is to be brought out at the National Theatre at Pesth. Wo are not informed whether tho author will attend the rohoarsal in person. Anyhow, it will be strange to seo tho name, of a bishop figuring on a play bill. For length Mr. Irving's advortisoment of the Macbeth performance at the Lyceum, whioh ? appears in tho latest number of tho Era, pro bably ' beats the record,' as the sporting . world eay. It extends to exactly 60 columns, and besides reproducing correspondence on the ? subject gives a verbatim reprint of tbo criticisms , on the play, aoting, and musio whioh have ap peared in every important London paper. The practical value as a protection from fire ? of the new curtain formed of water, which was . seen iu practical operation after the performonoo of ' Bob' at tho Joddrell Theatre on January. 26,. could porhaps only be determined by an. actural fire in the playhouse, should that calamity unhappily, over occur. The offect, . howover, of tho numorous jots descending and forming as it were ono sheet of water, touched ? with prismatic colours from the limelight, was ? extremely pretty. Water curtains, if we mis take not, have been, heard of before. Hard work and plenty of study fall to the lot of the German actor, whose multifarious duties contrast curiously, with tho monotony of the player's lifo in this country of long runs The last number of. tho official organ of the ' DeutscheBuhneniGenoBsensahaft' gives alist of the productions- of the priuoipal theatres in Germany during, tho past year, from whioh it appears that 99 important works wero played . at the Hotburg Theater, Vienna, among whioh wore 11 plays of Shakespeare. Tragedies, comedies, and farces in three to ftvo oots figure in tho list. The Statheater in Hamburg pro duced during the name period 13G plays; the Hef theater in Munich, 48 ; and the principal ; house in fFrankfort,. 168, among them '* Mac beth,' 'Othello,' and 'Eomoo and Juliet.' Mrs. Langtry is reported to have invented a Btylo of costumo for her performance of Lady Miioboth in Now. Ifork 'characteristic of the period and yet superbly magnifioent.' Robes, of coarfo stufS- are worn by her covsred with, splendid jowola. In tho banquet eoono the. ghost of Bannua appears out of hor lino ofr sight, but she notes its effect upon Macbeth, and, 'throwing her mantle over his quivering form,' gets rid of her guests- quiokly, though, not with tho usual confusion. Ab no. ono who protends to bo an actor or actresa in these, days can, afford to bo without u 'new.- reading,' Mia. Langtry has satisfied horself that 'stand not upon the order of your going' does- not refer to a poll-moll stylo of: exit, but only dispenses with any order of pre cedence in leaving tho halL Again, in deliver^ ing ths lino ' that whioh bad mado thorn drunk; . hbth made mo bold,' this lady is said to dosiro to indicate that she has ' pledged hor-guostst. ieartily,''and thus has aorved horself for her cruel purposo. For tbo rost, Mrs. LangtrVs. reading of the character Beoma to resomblo Misa Terry's bo far that is not what ia oalledi ' the-: Siddons tradition,' but ropjeaonts Lady MaobeQi as a loving woman hardening her heart to commit oiiiino in order to. holp., Her husband. ? ,: : 