AOTA POPULL By The Flaneur. In the -way o£ a screaming farce it would be hard to improve on the rag-tag and bob-tail meeting recently held by the true-bhie-and-all-yellow Orangemen in the Protestant Hall. To assign any importance to the thing would be the height of folly. The so-called 'public' meeting was properly packed before the hall waa opened, and each Boyno-water bigot had his orders what to do and uay. Not a single public man of any im portance or standing was connected with tho affair, tho bulk of the respectable portion of the Orangemen here standing aloof ; and the packed portion of the audience seemed to be chiefly com posed of the sweepings of the 'yaller pup's '' kennel. That brilliant political light, Mr. W. Stephen, held the chair, and the dignity of Par liament was further upheld by ' Mountain Maid' Abigail (who did nob sing on this occasion), ' Honest John ' Haynos, Sammy Lees, Pig voto Cook, and a few others of (if possible) loss account than eveu these. The ' black crow ' division was well to the front, of course; Pastor Allen and his Sairey Gamp gingham looking as full of fight aa ever j Zachavy Barry sab aa solemn and silent as a dyspeptic owl ; while thoae two apostolic ' Bold Gensdarmen/ Brothers Dill-Macky and Frackleton, seemed ready to clutch the poor Pope and all his followers, and run 'em in at one wave of the southern end of King Billy's bloody ahirfc. Ik was a thoroughly representative meeting ; bub Heaven preserve 1131' from the foul thing it presented, The proceedings were of the usual Fourth o£ July type, only a great deal more so. Tho Chair man, having a w&tcMul; eye on the next elections drew his spouting1 mild, a,ud even ventured to hint that come good might bo got, out of a Papist, providing lie was caught very young and fed on oraage-peel and Boyne water. As usual, the al leged followers of the maelc and lowly 'Mazarene wero by f:ir the most scurrilous and revengeful in their peculiar Christian deliverance, and, how ever such narrow-minded bigots can have the audacity to even mention the sacred natae o£ Charity is more than I can imagine. The fun of the farce began in earneot when Alderman Taylor, of Liverpool, ventured to mildly move that Home Rule was a good thing both for England and Ireland, for the words wore barely out of his mouth before fierce shouts of ' Sit on 5im!' 'Chuck him out o' th' window!' 'Pull his head off !' ' Ate him !' and other thoughtful suggestions burst from all portions of the ball. Finally, Alderman Taylor waa blown into smithereens with a double charge of Kentisb. fire, and an unfortunate old bald-head in the gallery who shouted, ' Gi' th' man a show I' was seized in about 1400 different places at once and landed into the street as smartly as if he had been fired out of an 80-tou Armstrong gun. It was a very liberal meeting— especially of kicks and cuffs and curses. The climax was reaohed, however, when that valiant little Willy-willy-wag-tail, Brother Abi gail (of all others) rose., and with his ' breast expanding for the ball' (of cobbler's wax), de clared that ' he would see that the integrity of the British Empire was never sundered by any Home Rule agitatora of rebellion.' Those were brave words, indeed, to come from such a weak stomach ; but as Frawncis seems to be spoiling for a fight, and as none of the ' ambassadorial triumvirate' feel inclined to meet him in a 24ft. ring, and Peter Jacknon is away just now, I am willing to back one of Sol Hyam's Bantam cocks to fight him for ,£25, or ' the in tegrity of the British Empire/' or any other stake he likes to name ; ParsoE Allen to 'heel' Frawncis, and Ninny Melville to attend to the Bantam. This will settle the Hotn# ' Eule racket in one act, and form a cheerful item to break the monotony of our next Fourth, of July shivoo. Paroon Frackleton attempted to cause a senaan tion at the stuffed meeting by declaring that he had been ' ohot at once in Ireland,' but that sort of ' chestnut' was ao stale and worn that be didn't get even a solitary cheer. The fact ia that there never was an Orangeman yet who wasn't either shot, or stabbed, or f cied alive, or drowned in potheen, or otherwise ' killed fatally dead/' ob exceedingly annoyed by Home Rulers iu Ireland, and in every other part of the v/orld as well. Paotor Allen's gingham had 36 of its ribs broken by Papists in our own Hyde Park ; that good old man Pastor Chiniquy would have been brained in Castlereagh- street once, only his head waa harder than the brick that hit it ; that model of her ses, sweet Biddy O' Gorman (who found marriage a great suceess), was pelted with rocks as big as the Town Hall ; and we all know how the Kiaina Ghost played up when he went on the warpath. I have not the slightest doubt that Brother Frackleton waa shot at in Ireland, because (I'm a bit of a fisherman myself) I was there at the time and picked up the bullet after it had been flattened againot the reverend gentlo man's solid cheek ; but if he wants to stun his audience on the glorious Fourth he must; rake up something far fresher and more startling than his tame, old, bald-headed, frayed-atthe-odges shoot- : ing utory. If he could remember the time when William O'Brien cwallowed him raw and he lived for three days and three nighto in the great ? Home Suler's stomach, and discovered all bis nefarious Fenian plots, or anything else with aome slight tinge of novelty in it, he might get a round of Kentish fire ; but if he has nothing bettor than a hedge-shooting shindy to prate about, tho chances ara he'll be fired out of the room himself — ' a consummation devoutly to be wished.' It must be gall and wormwood to all the above jaundiced gentry to find that Mes3ra. Dillon and Co.'s mission has been so successf ul that they can- v not sooop in the money fast enough, or attond to quarter of the districts that aro calling for them j ' but what muat kill them stone dead is the crush ing fact that all the really intelligent men con nected with Orangeiam are boldly standing forth, and by word and deed upholding the gloriouo Home Rule cause. Alderman Taylor is by no means alone in his views, for without any selecting of names I may mention that Messrs. 'Joe' Creer, M-L.A., ;' and William Graham, two of the hottest Orange men that ever eportod yellow, placed their names on tbe Home Ruler's Newcastle committee. .; That's a ' polthog'ue' that knocks the wind out i of Brother Abigail and all the other gae-bago' ' in tegrity of tho British Empire' in one clout, and cands the ' yaller pup' howling back to his wretched kennel. As that giddy old gent Mr. Dubbo Nelson would : say: -[ There is balm m Qil^i Rftw s-Uj' ?nc! : that persecuted saint, John Jannery Davies, is now rubbing his sorely-otricken character with a full bottle of it. In other words our John has just been elected honorary treasurer of the Sydney Night Refuge and Reformatory. Whether this is intended as'a vote of confidence, or merely a piece of cold-blooded sarcasm, is hard to say ; but as the cash accounts of these deserving institutions sel dom total more than 18d, and there arc generally about 1800 calls on that, it ia cortain that the Coonanbarra hero won't get very much mixed in keeping his banking accounts this time. He may manage to trade oil that 2d a lb. sugar and the broken crockery, however ; but if he does, I am sure the noble soul will do it at a runinous sacri fice to himself. Lavish generosity has been the greatest drawback to his life. It must be dem'd flattering to Mr. Pilcher, by the way, to find that the Government are so thoroughly satisfied with hia very peculiar legal opinions on the Davies ease that they have de cided to call for the opinion of an opposition lega1 authority at once — and a most excellent selection they have made this time too. In Mr. Pilcher's fir&t; consideration of the matter he completely overlooked one of the most important clauses jn the Criminal Law Amendment Act tha,t could bear upon the business. In his second opinion he admits having made this error, but wriggles out of the affair by saying™' It did not occur to my mind, nor indeed did I suppose that the Go vernment contemplated taking any proceedings which could only result in a summary conviction with a comparatively trifling punishment.' Mi\ Pilcher is far too conscientious for a lawyer altogether. All that the Government wanted to now was whether there was a case of any kind gainst Mr. D&vies;, and in worrying his legal noddle over the amount of punishment that Mr. Davies (who is still an innocent man) should re ceive, Mr. Pilcher, in my humble opinion, com mitted a most heinous breach of the legal profes sion's rule of business, inasmuch as he gave him self far more trouble and far more work than he had any occasion to do for the money ho received. In a lawyer such an offence as that is unpardon able. A Civil servant might do it ; but a lawyer — nevah ! Premier Parkes seems to be fully determined that there will be no unseemly haste over his friend Davies' trouble whatever. When worried up over the matter by Mr. Dibbs the other night, he snapped out that he was 'never associated with a Government that was composed of detec tives or bloodhounds.' Perhaps he wasn't ; but wa3 there not just a suspicion of the 'awk-heyed detective's role about the game he played when in respect to the 'Phosphorus' Walker case he ?kept the papers dark for 12 months, and never even hinted to the Northumberland member that during all that time he (Sir Henry) was intriguing with the Canadian police to have Walker extra dited on a charge of murder ? Sir Henry's lofty moral standard may be very well to trot out for the admiration of the young plum-duff-gorged horae marines of the Vernon ; but the general ptsblic ' has been inside of it, so to speak, and ' sheen th' wheels go round ;' consequently they don't fall down and worship in reverential awe when it rears on its hind legs any longer. Last week I referred to an incident in which ? Sir Henry contemptuously alluded to ' this man Davies' — meaning the Right Honourable Trea surer of the Night Soup Kitohen, but I broke shorb off in the narrative. This seem-3 to have troubled the soul of that West Macquarie ' burr ' in Sir Henry's side, for he ? caught on to the clue a few nights ago, and ; said :—' I will make no charges ; but I will relate ; . an event that occurred in this House long before ! I had any thought of coming here. If the records i of the House are correct they will show that on | one occasion Mr. John S.vvies said to the Premier i that he had a document in his possession which ! would drive that hon. gentleman from this coun | try.' i j Mr. Crick was about to ask, ' Where is that: I document now ?' but Mr. M'Millau saw the I danger, and rushing up with a ' rise-to-order ' | club, he bashed poor Crick into pulp, and Mr. :! Speaker (who held the offender while he was being i pounded) hauled the body off and cast it into the j exterior darkness of the refreshment room. All ;: the same, however, ' Where is the document :i now ?' And, if the Premier i3 really oppressing ?i John, and not pretending to, why doesn't the latter I trob out; his paper and ' shoo ' Henry way up to i Jupiter or Japan ? ! . I iVoliee, c- with a soorprize that bo-r-r-durs I oopon constur-r-nashun ' (as Dawvid Buchanan ;| used to say when yanking a ' cattle-duffer 1J out j of the toilr,), that very many of our dissent ji ing clergymen tiro going in for sensational :| Bormons of late. ' Britain's bulwark ' seems to || be losing Us hold upon their people (or else the I; preachers do nob give it a fair show), and there I; i'ore, they search round for subjects of a more [ 'JfOL-y-day- stiyle sort of character. Whether tins ! is right or not I don't; cnvro to doctdo at present. ;. It io not for me to judge those clerics' acts— unless the faithful rally up and appoint me to fill Bishop ?; B.ut/s Yajjaab biitofc That Ulkh would suit me well too, I think, for as far as I can judge, an Australian Primate's chief duties consist in draw ing his annual salary here and then going home or on the ' Continong ' to spend it ; for both of which arduous duties I am eminently fitted both by nature and education. To return to the sermons, however, I find that the Rev. Bir. Soper recently held forth to the faithful of Petersham on the subject of 'Woman's Bondage.' Up to then I filled my head with the notion that the only bonds that held women: in were their corset- atrings, but Mr.- Sbper found bushels of others and of a iniost alarming nature too. Trashy novels, dress, ririking, dancing, and heaps of other things, which I thought were fun for the girls, are simply cast-iron chaius of Egyptian bondage to Mr. Soper; but the worsb bond of all was that of being married to a cold-hearted, unsympathetic m?un. 'Fancy,' exclaimed the preacher as he warmed to his subject, 'fancy living ten or twenty years with a man, making him nice things for dinner, stibching buttons on his shirts, darn ing his socks, nursing and training hi3 children, and ministering in a thousand ways to his com fort, and yet never get a kiss.' I trust that the following is untrue, but I have since heard that a venerable Scotchman who had paid particular attention to Mr. Soper's spicy discourse met him some time after, and in a surly tone observed — ' Yer surmon was a' wrong, sir ; it'll nae do at a'.' ' What sermon?' asked the minister. ' Why, that aue aboot kissin' your wife,' replied Scotchy, excitedly ; ' A' tell ye it's a' wrong. I listened ta ye, an' when I gaed hame my wife were a stoopin' down stirring the dinner, an', takin' yer advice, I grabbed her roond th' waist an' gied her a kiss that ye could a heard way up at Parramatta. D'ye think that made a f ministerin' angel' of her, as ye said it would? Naat a bib of it, but she caught me a welt wi' th' pot stick across ma poll, an' said, 'What's gane wrang wi' ye noo, ye bletherin auld £ule ? Te've bin up the back way to the public-hooses agen on th' Sawbath day, hev ye ?' Then she hit me agen, an' it was a howlin' scrimmage between ua twa for an hour after. It'll nae do, minister — I'll nae do.' 