BLACK BLOOD: A PECULIAR CASE. By GEORGE MANV1LLE FENN, Author et 'The Master of the Oeremoniee,' 'Tbis Man's Wife,' M The Pareon o' Dam fotd,' fee* fee. (Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved.] BOOK II.— AFTER A LONG LAFSE Chapteb XL1X,— A Difficult Dctv. f Continued. J Jack Thompson listened, and could near steps on the gravel, passing some thirty or forty yards awsy, and there was the rustle of the df esees over the gravel, small stoneB being evrtpt aside and a faint rattling noise made. ' Halt ! Who goes there V ' Hash ! Jack Thompson. It's me.' 'Yon, Margery? Well, yon can't come here. .Pass on,'' 'Hush Y' The footsteps approached rapidly from the darkness, regardless of his forbidding, and the next moment Margery and a companion stood before him. ' Well,' he said, ' What is it?' 11 Don't be eo harsh, Jack,' whispered Margery. ' We want to see the prisoner.' 'Om.V ' Bat she wishes to eee him.' ' Yes ; pray let ub page.' ' Don't ask rce, Miss Nelly. I dursn't.' ' Jack Thompson, I have not often asked anything of you,' said Margery hastily. ' I»st us pasB in if it ie only for ten minuteB, and no one will ever know it.' 'Look here, Miss Nelly,' said Jack. 'I know all abont how you liked the poor lad ; but I can't do it. It's breaking orders, and yon know what that means.' 'Jack!' ' It's no nee, Margery. I've been a bad one, bnt I've always been a* soldier and done my duty. Now, Nelly Dawson; my gal, take my advice and go back. It would only be break ing your heart and his too j and, take my word for it, you'd better forget all euch thinga as this, for love's a cruel business, as 1 know to my cost.' Margery drew her breath painfully, and then laid her hand upon the sentry'B arm. 'Jack,' she said softly, 'I thought you would do anything I asked yon.' ' Quite right,' he said gruffly. 11 Then let us go in and eee th6 prisoner— only for a few minutes.' 'Hare yon got an order from the colonel : ' No ; but we hare just come from the house.' 'Lefs see,' said Jack Blowly. 'Margery Brown, isn't it, and Nelly Dawson ?' ' Don't be so absurd. Jack. You know it's me.' 'Yes, I know it's you,' he said sturdily. 'And you want me to let you in to see the prisoner against orders 7' ' Yea, I or ft little while. Quick !' 'Look here,' said Jack, laying hie carbine in the hollow of his left arm as if it were a baby and gently patting the stock ; ' I loved a girl a good bit over a score of years ago, and I was true and faithful to that girl. I would not go to the canteen nor go about with the lads ? ' 'Oh, hush, Jack!' ' When I've done,' said the lancer rturdily. 'Well, over a question of duty there come a split between us which has never growed to gether again. She threw me over because she said we hadn't done our duty ; and now she comeB to me and says, ' Don't do your duty, Jack Thompson, because here's another love sick maid in trouble.' 'Yes, in horrible trouble,' said Margery, . ' who wisheB to say farewell to the poor fellow ? who is to die to-morrow.' ' When a man takes the shilling,' said Jack oracularly, 'he becomes a soldier ; And directly a man becomes a soldier he carries a weapon with which be may kill or be killed. He has . to be teady to kill or be killed at a moment's notice, so a soldier cant complain.' 'And you'll let us in,' said Margery ergerly; 'and be ready to give as a warn ing.' ' No, my lass. I won't,' said -Jack firmly, ' For my sake, Jack,' whispered Margery, laying her hands upon bis breast. ' Dpn't do that, my lasB,' he said huskily. ' It isn't fair to a man. You know I can't do it, and it isn't like you coming tempting a poor fellow for another's Bake. Do you want to see me tied to the. lances and flogged ?' 'Jack'' 'Then you shouldn't ask me to disgrace my self by doing such a thing as this.' ? 'But, Jack ? ' V- '~3: ' Go away, woman, ' he said sternly. ' I've borne it all these many years thinking you'd : relent and be sorry for the man who always loved you, but I didn't think Madge Brown, thought eo little or me that she'd see me dis- ; graced— drammed out of the regiment to the' ' Rogne'e march.' No, Madge, this finishes it all. Old as we've got I was as fond of yon w ever, for I said to icy self, 'Here's a woman sb is all straight and true and right. Now I find that the ain't, I feel myself free to begin again.' 'And marry another?' said Margery sharply. ' No, my lass. For all these years I've gone on saving- up to buy myself out ; bat as soon as I've had enough I've said to myself, 'No, Jack, you don't want to leave the regiment. Stop «8 you are ;' and that money's melted away again, because I wab such a weak fellow ; but I'm going to be strong now.' 'AndletuspasBr ' No ; save «p and buy myself out. IVe had enough of soldiering and womankind. Now, please go.' '?Oh, Jack!— Jack!' . Margery's companion hesitated for a mo ment or two and then stepped forward. ' Thompson,' she said hoarsely, ' I must see him.' ' Nelly, my girl, you mustn't,' he replied. 'It can't be done; and let me tell you this— cruel as it sounds. I tried all I could to bring you two together, but he never cared a snap of the fingers for yon ; so be a woman and don't take on about him.' ' But I must see him.' ' I tell you, you can't. Look here, my eal, I've watched him, and I know as he cared for some one far above you. It wouldn't never have been.' A deep croan escaped the veiled figure, ant) Jack Thompsonibent forward. ' Why. it isn't Nelly Dawson,' he cried. ' Hush I 1 felt that I could trust you as I have trusted Margery. It is all my doing, Thompson, so don't blame her, I most eee the prisoner, so let me pass.' 'No, mies; no, miss. I beg your pardoi); but I can't do it. I'm a soldier, and I've got my duty to do.' *' Thompson, for pity's sake, don't refuse me thie.' ' I muet, miss.' ' You have known me ever since I was a child.' ' ElesE your heart, miss, yes ; ever since you came like a little angel to comfort her ladyship in her trouble.' 'And you will do this for me ¥' 'It seems to jne, my .dear, that you and Mareery there have come to help the poor fellow to escape ; and if you were two men and knocked 1me down or shot me, and got him away, I wouldn't grumble, but be glad ; but no one goes to him except by force while I'm on duty here.' ' But money-~TU give you fifty— a hundred pounds.' 'And it would buy you off. Jack, and you would have money to Bpare,' said Margery . eagerly. For answer, Jack Thompson faced left, saluted hiB colonel's daughter, and then began to pace up and down. ' 111 give you two hundred pounds, Thomp son — my watch and chain, my jewels— every- thing I have, only let me pass,' Jack Thompson was as he said a soldier,' and he showed bow automaton like five-and-twenty years of drill had made him, for he continued his sentry walk to and fro without another word, turning a deaf ear to every whispered im ploring prayer, till Madge drew her companion away, Bobbing broken-hearted, and hardly able to stand. ' I fcnew he wouldn't. I told you so, my ehild.' ' Oh, it is too terrible to be true.' moaned Huldft. 'And you've demeaned yourself to do this, «nd your same will be a by- word in the bar rack-room.' ' No, it is not true,' said Hulda with a re turn to her quick excited manner. 'That poor fellow is as true &b; steel, Madge, and so yon ought to know.' ' Butmy dear child, I implored you not.' ' And nature was stronger than your advice, Madge. Quick— get me borne. I— I— cannot bear it. Is— is this death V She reeled and would have fallen but fat Margery's strong arms ; but she was quite in Bensible when they reached her room. Meanwhile Jack Thompson paced np and down in the darkness, with hm shadow grow ing longer ae he receded from the lamp, and becoming shorter as he approached it again, till it became that of a pigmy — a mere blotch about bis feet — when he passed under the lamp above the entry, and then began once more to increase to the end of hiB beat in the other direction, which he bad just reached when he observed two dark figures rising apparently out of the obscurity. 'What ! yoa're back again, then,' he cried. But it was a different voice which ex claimed — 'Hush!' ' Why, Ctup Taxa, I thought you were ill a-bed.:i ' I have been, btrt I was obliged to get vtv. I couldn't he there w^h * m&ie; in «ncb trouble »e poor Eob Black's.' 'Thie ie hard on a mt,Xt «-e3 bo mistake,''' racttered Jim*. Tien aJc3Gx--' WeiJ, what ie it T' 'Don't make & rjcifee, Jack.' 'Now look here, Chip Tarn, you ought to know better than to come here,' said Jack in an ill-need way. ' And who:e that girl 5' ' It!s me, Jack Thompson,' said NeHy in a piteous voice. ' Don't scold him, please. He wouldn't for ever so long, but when I said I'd come aJone if be didn't he came with me.:: 11 What for?' Baid Jack rougbly. ' Only to aek you to let me see hiai for a few minute*.' ' Have you a pass ?' . ♦'Pase? No.' cried Nelly. '* who d give me a paee Let us go in, pleaee.' 'Chip, my lad,' said Jack reproachfully, 'this is cruel to everybody, and you oughtn't to have done it. No, my lasB,' he continued to Nelly, ' it can't be done, and you know it.' ' But only for a minute, Mr. Thompson. Pray — prsy do.' Chip Eighed bitterly sb he etoocl a few eteps aside. ' I can't, my gal, I can t.' 'Not if I'm with her. Jack Thompson V said Chip hoarsely. ' No, not if you're with her, 7i hy , confound you for a reckless youDg scoundrel, you ought to know better than to tempt a mate away from hiB duty,' 'But you will let me go?' cried Nelly piteonely. Jack placed his carbine sctoes his breast OEce more, and then uttered » sigh of relief, for there wb e the distant tiamp of feet heard. ♦' Sergeant Slack with the relief,' he said ab ruptly. , -a. The name of the non-commisBioned officer acted like magic on Neliy, who turned and flsd away into the darkness, leaving Chip with the eentry. 'Who'll relieve you?' he said. ' Don't know, my lad, so I can't say, cried Jack Thompson shortly. *' There, I don't want to be hard, and I know what a deaLyou thought of the poor chap, though you always had a hard word for him lately ; but soldiers can't afford to be soft, my boy. not even when thay goes to a funeral. So it will be to morrow after the volleys are fired. Poor Rob Black will be 0. vered over, and then we muet go on as before and ? Hullo ! the poor boy has gone.' Two minutes later Jack Thompson was re lieved, and the stepB of the sergeant and hia men had hardly died away when the truaa peter came forward out of the darkness and strove by everv movement — bribery, cajolery, and threats— 'to obtain admission to where Rob Black eat waiting for the morning which was to be his Jast. But the efforts were all thrown away, and after pacing the barrack-yard the night through, and seemins? to forget that there was such a thing as fatigue, Chip Tarn stole back to quarters juat before daybreak, and, unheard, crept back to the sick bed, but with fever mounting higher in the brain, and a dis position to begin muttering in a way that would have startled any one who could have heard, Chapter L.— In a Deeaji, A dull cold leaden-grey morning, with the birds which appeared here and there hopping about disconsolately, and giving themselves a fluttering shake to get rid of the moisture which had fallen during the dawn. Bob had slept little during the night, and morning had found him seated upon the edge of the rough bed, gazing at the faint grey light which slowly filled his cell. His laBt iKorning upon an earth which had had few charms for him. He had prayed, and as he had prayed he had wondered why be should have been born to so much mieery aad despair. He had seen others happy and joyous, but his life seemed to him to have been not only a curse to lifmryif, but to all he encountered, and with a bitter laugh he told himself that it was better that he should die. ' Suppose his plans had succeeded and he had escaped with Hulda, what would it have meant? Poverty and degradation for her, to satisfy bis ? selfish love. It was better as it was. He wa3 to die, and the sooner he died the sooner he should be at rett. The chaplain had been to him .again and again, and spoken lovingly and kindly to him of repentance, and he had looked ^afr him with wondering eyes, for he could only feel a sensa tion of delight when he thought of the crime for which he was to suffer. He had beaten Miller till bis enemy could hardly crawl ; and, after bis own sufferings at bis rival's hands, repentance for bis crime would not find a place in bis breast, so that the chaplain found no hope there, but came away sad and dis comfited. . ' There was but one regret in 'Bab's bre&st;, and that was at parting with eo many good fellows in the regiment where bis enemies could be numbered upon the fingers of one hand. And then there was poor old Dick, the faithful true coed p»E ion who had implored him again and; again for permission to send far D'Atton, but; \- only to receive stern refusals end commands ; that he should hold his peace. 'Why should they know, Dick:'' said Rob, laying bis hand kindly on the faithful fellow's : shoulder. '-' My mother cared very little for : me, and it would only make her miserable, ' while any father would bitterly feel the disgrace j of his son being shot for a deserter and one who had struck his superior officer.' 'But be could do something, sir, to save your life,' Dick pleaded again, without avail ] and at last be had to leave the prisoner alone. And now tbe morning had come — that dull leaden morning— and Robb said bitterly to himself that it was far better to say good-bye to the world at a time like this than when all was bright and cheerful, and every thing bade him live and love. It was all over, and nothing was left for him to do but forget Hulda-^-everything — and let Miller see that hs could die like soldier. At last, after what seemed an interminable time, there was the tramp, tramp of the guard, and he was to be marched out to bis death. No ; the men were halted, and it was merely the change of sentries. The order was given, the steps died away, and a heavy pace echoed in the passage outside the prison door. 'Pet! Pet!' There was a sharp sibilant sound, but Rob hardly heeded it, and it was reoeated. ' Pet ! Pst ! Kob Black !' 'Who's there!' said Kob, moving toward the door, for there was the faint hope in his brain that it might be some message — some kindly farewell from Hnlda. 'Me, lad— Jack Thompson.' ' You J Well, what is it ¥' said Rob coldly. ' Come closer to the window, lad, or I shall be heard.' Rob moved nearer as requested, bat in a dull Indifferent way, for he was mentally stunned, and asked for nothing better than to be allowed to finish his last moments in peace. 'I only wanted to say a few words, my lad,' said Jack. 'You and me never hit it o& very well together, because I waB a thick headed fool, and took fancies again you ; bat they're all gone now, and X wanted to say God bless you, my lad, and how sorry I am, and that's -what every lad in the regiment feels.' 'Thank you, Jack, thank you,' said Rob calmly.' *' We've talked it over and over, my lad, and we're most ready to mutiny, only we haven't got no head.' ' Hash, man, huBh.' 'No, no, itarn't a thing to be hushed, and the men feel it bitterly,' ' No, no ; say no more. I was tried and con demned. Tell me where Dick is, Why does-he not come to say good-bye?' ' Dick, ray lad ? Haven't they told you ?' 'Told me what?' cried Hob, for the first time growing excited. ' 'Bout him being ill, my lad. Broke down about you 5 and it's brain fever, they say,' 'Poor old Dick !' muttered Rib. '-' I saw Mother Dann last night when she come home to tee young Cbip as he is ill in bed too.' 'Chip Tarn ill?' ' Ay, very bad, and talks wild, Dana eays, and he's been much put about because he has to sit with him instead of going to the canteen. And Mother Dann sayB it there isn't a change soon he won't get ever it.' 'Her boy r 'No, my lad, poor Dick White, and him raving about the shooting and ? What a fool I am,' he said, giving himself a slap across the mouth. ' Rob Black, my lad !' There was no answer from the cell, and Jack Thompson waited a few minutes and then bis voice came again. 'Rob— Rob Black!' Still no answer, for Rob was seated upon his truckle bed with his face down on his hands, weeping bitterly for the only friend he seemed to have had through hie boyish days. The pace of the sentry and the clank of his spurs began again and then ceased, aud the big bluff, fellow s voice arose. ' Rob, my lad, I'd hard work to get on sen try again, and I did it so as to say good-bye to you. Can you hear me, lad 2' Rob was still too much stunned by this last news to reply, and Jack Thompson said softly— ' I'm trusting to it that you can hear me, my lad, and I'll Bay it out loud for self and comrades. Good-bye, and God bless you !' ? Rob beard the valedictory words, but h9 could not speak. He waved one hand as if it could be seen, and then sat motionless till there were steps once more inside the military prison. What followed Eetmedto be part of a dream. He knew that he was offered food and that the chaplain cams and prayed with him, bnt he was stunned, and seemed hardly to hear a wo- d. He answered mechanically to all that was eaid, and when at last the chaplain shook hands with him he stared at hi id wonderinglv. ' Good-bye, Black.' ' Good bje, sir ? Are you going away ?' ' My poor boy,'cried the chaplain in a chok' irg voice, 'have all apy tvorde been thrown tsway ? Do you not realise what ie about to take place 7' ' To take place ? Oh, yes. It seemed to have paEEed BWfvy, eir. Yee, I am tc be shot. Well, Eir, I am rtady.' He drew hirceelf np etiffly, snd at that me ctxt there wae tte fcfa&rg; ttarcs ol s-im»d ee«h, 1 bhcit ordex, the grounding of carbines, and bclte were cce more shot back for Sergeant C'Kcurke ad a squad to eater the coll. ' The dreaiinees came over the prisoner once more, and iwas ae if through a mist that he £aw the redace of the sergeant, blotched and aaottkd wh white, and hid eyes looking swollen anoetrange. i Then, eU as if in a dream, he took his place wbercrdered and was marched out into the cold grr light to find the regiment drawn up on thepatade, forming three sides of a square. Hie first lance was at the colonel's house, where the iinds wete all drawn down, and in a confnsed vocderiog way he asked himself nbo wae ded. A fctnilo tossed hia pale face directly aB he realUtd tha it was a token of respect for him or of Borrovfor hiB death. Hie nex glance waB at the barracks, and then back : the colonel's house, to eee a blind drawn auk and a sash slightly opened, and sa he gazedthere wildly he saw that tbe con tervatcry widow through which be had passed that night -as also open, and it brought up a flood ot theghts. 'Poor tip Tarn!' he said to 'himself ; ' blit he w» etauuch after all.' Still all reamy, and be wondered at his want of dnd ae he found that he was placed in the cente of a group of men drawn up ready. Is front ere the provost marshal and escort of four met next the band ; and after a short epace he k°w that he was standing in their rear, with Ie chaplain at his side and a guard on either bid. Behind im came Sergeant Slack, and the rear was fought up by a party of a dozen men whonhe knew to be the firing party de puted toel his life. ' And jetit did not seem to be his life that was to beironght to an end. He could not realise all iib, but with the utter absence of dread wbh comes to one whose nerves are stunned, t it were, by the near approach of death, he sit that he was taking part in some dramatic tow. He heai the orders given, and the first strains of Is band thrilled him with a strange -shudder aibe realised they were playing the Dead Man from 'Saul,' the weirdly mournful strains ectujg from the distant buildings, as in slow tin the procession moved on. As the roceseion moved on a low hissing sound roeerom the ranks, as if the men were drawing tdr breath hard, and moje than once s, low mururing arose, as one comrade spoke to anotherrithout turning his head or seeming to move tulips. 80 straie and yet so real ; the strains of the bandyhe echoes from the walls of the barrack bldingB and stabling, the murmors of the me; all striking strangely upon the keen senseof the prisoner, who heard and saw everything and still with the peculiar dreamy sensation amtaining itself so that it appeared to be &il; iconnection with another man. Once ai once only did the terrible scene seem real - the prisoner, and that was when the chapla, walking on his right, -began to repeat tbeervice for the dead. Rob baonce stopped by a country church to witnee a funeral, and had reverently followed, :ter the clergyman had been down to the Ijcgate to meet the coffiD. And now this Beenu to be the sarre, only that there was no coffin sible ; and yet the chaplain Bpoke on the v&dus; offices for the dead. With ailow formality that was appalling the procedon completed its march along each side of ts square, as if the authorities who planned -te formality of a court -martial had deterined that everything Bhould be of a nature ti impress the spectators and awe every turtlent Bpirit in the forces, so that he might hesate long before he attempted the crime tor hich his comrade waB to suffer. By a reaerrent of cruelty peculiar to these proceedirn the prisoner was halted by the open grai dug ready to receive his remains, and cloeeio the edge of which lay the rough coffin. There to eo tremor visible, no look of dread in Rob's f» as he gazed for a moment at the terrible pparations before facing round to listen to i- next proceeding. In dueCorm one of the officers read the accouDt ofhe court- martial with the prisoner's crime anchntence. The prctediDga were read in a loud voice; and in thenidst of the painful huBh the last words diedut as the sentence waa named, tbe officer's had fell to his side, and he stood gaz ing at thi prisoner, who alone seemed un moved. For vhahad he to live for ? he asked him self. ThiflraB only the last scene in an uu happy life and the sooner it wsb over tha better row The proedings seemed endless consequent upon the sto formality observed, but for all that tbey dvanced rapidly, and in another minute theprovost martial had taken charge of thedooBd man and placed him close to the edge othe grave, \- .Tbe prilner now looked sharply round, fully obsermt of what was taking place, and bis eyes li upon the stern countenance of the colonel, tht upon those of the various officers with whome had moat been brought in eon %tact. Suddenliie encountered the eyes of Captain Miller' gazig at him with a strangely eager look of haiand satisfaction that could not be misinterpred. Thetwoien looked full in each other's eyes for a time, istant as they were, and then Rob turned his klmly away and watched the chap lain and e»rt fall back, while a quick move ment in atwer to a hoarse order seemed to awaken hit for a moment to the fact that the party whic had marched behind him in the procession bout the square were taking up a position iriront. 'The ting party,' he said to himself; and the notes f the baad in the solemn spirit stirring msh seemed to be once more thrilling him throng and through, while the deep roU of thedrun sent a shudder through his frame. Rob's ey- sought Miller's again, and as he gazed at ba past the firing party now going -through tl dreadful preliminaries with the precision 0 disciplined men, he forgot the coming end» think of Hulda. 'She wL never marry you,' he said softly. 'I am spaid that bitterness, and this is no time for ha-.' He force himself to gaze away from his enemy, anebnee more his eyes wandered round in search ofthat which was not on the way— the reprievi Then thauick rattle of arms brought him back to tit which he had to face, and he scanned tha&hy; countenances of the men drawn up in doubl rank, HahJ A thrill 0 joy ran through his breast, and the stunnetbensation Beamed to pass away like a cloud. B waB too young, after all, to die— and he won! live. That somthing white, which he had 'seen for a moment i the sergeant's hand, even in the hand of thenan who bad been one of hiB most bitter eneries. Fate had ordained that he was to be tfe bearer cf the reprieve. Yes, he dl not wast to die ! He must— he would live, *nd his life-blood seemed to Burge wildly thragh his veuis at the sight of that white papeithe sergeant had displayed, In the mlet of his revulsion of feeling Rob could bardl keep down a smile at what eeemed to be a mocery. ' They hve kept me on the hooks of suspense to the last loment, even to making this theat rical disply of coffin and grave,' he said to himself ; 'tnd now, on the brink, I am to be matched beb !' ' T A curiou sensation of giddiness cams over him, esd b felt he was about to fall. By an eSrt of determination he recovered himself eo hat he should not be seen to Bhow the white lather before his comrades, and he stood erect gazing straight at the sergeant; and then oice more he grew fixed and Btony, face to fact with death, for it was a mocking illusion of ha brain — a straw of hope at which be had trie! to snatch as he was drifting fast away upoi the great flood-tide that was to bear him U eternity. 'God hip me,' he whispered to himself, ' to die as* brave man should.' A nd he fazed once more at the white [paper the sergeatt deliberately unfolded now. No, It vas not a paper, but a white hand kerchief bebg unfolded ready to bind his eyes, G«*Pie LI.— Dick has a Bad Night. ' ItX Wftpaft such a coward !— if I wasn't Eactr4gjpffv&rd; !' cried Dick Sogden, as Be paced np.iSbd down his room. 'How many times have! seemed to see it all— haunting me — b&uatingme.; ?'They sty there's ghosts, and the spirits of murdered sen rise against them as kill them ; and it's jus; as if he was alwayB coming to me, ' It waei't murder : I was .only fighting for liberty. And I've Beemed to see him ever since, and t has been ae if 1 had never had a happy houi all these years. 'What I've suffered! What IVe suffered! Aad I'm uch a coward, or I should go and speak out a( once and save h'm. 'No, no, no, I can't. They wouldn't be lieve a word of it. They'd say I was mad— and if tbey lid believe it— —Ah !' He wrung his hands and the great drops of sweat gathered on hie brow as he muttered in a harsh angry whisper— 'And who wouldn't be a coward? Is it such an easy thing to be hung ? Ob, the timeB I've eeen it all— tbe constables and tbe hand cuSe — the rijagistrates and the evidence — and then the trial and the judge speaking slow and Eolunn and sentencing me — to death. ' If I waen't such a coward ! ' Poor M»ster Rob ! And him so' true, and brave and staunch. Such a lad as he is. I'll go ! I'll tell everything-. It'll save him, and I'd better be hung than bold my tongae when a word would keep him from being snot. 'No ; that devil would say it was all a lie ; snd then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hung— hung by the neck till I was dead. And I eTFore I'd be true to him and keep it all a sectet. I swore I would. What did I eay ?' He shuddered ae he pressed his hands to hia bnramg brow and gazed wildly round. ' I don't know now. It eeemaaU gone,b2t I ewore it,. w»d Tve kept my oatb. ' But I didn't know it would come to thie, &nd; it's too horrible — too horrible for a man to bear.' He stepped fhort cloee to the wall, with hie head bent forward and eyes etaring as if he were g&ziDg; into space, his lips moving the while, and at time* tbey were the mutter ingB of delirium. Then he seemed to be struggling bard to collect himself, and shook his head and passed his hands over his eyes again and again to sweep away the dim ming mental mist which confused his intellect. 'Can't think— can't seem to think clearly,' he muttered angrily. ' Things get mixed up altogether.' \- He stood gazing straight at the wall again, and he burst out now in a fierce denunciatory way. '? Yes, I will !' he cried. ' I dare tell every thing. He's a brave, true, noble fellow, and you've been a curse to him Yes — you, A brute. I've seen you lash him like a dog, aa you've lashed me with your tongue. Like a dog— treated me like a dog — treated us all like dogs. But I've kept my word. I swore I'd do everything you eaid, and I've done it. Ah !' He rnahed to the side of the room, poured out some water quickly, and best down to bathe his brow. ' Seems to clear one, like,' he muttered as he held the towel to hu face. ' I can think now, and there isn't that black cloud pressing down upon a man's bead.' He began to pace the room again. ' If I only dared Bpeak ! If I only dared speak !' he groaned, as he sank down in a sitting position on the edge of . bis bed aad began to rock himself to and fro. 'What did he say? That so sure as there waB a God above he'd denounce me ; and leave no Btone unturned to send me to the gallows— and be would — he would — and I'm a coward— a miserable coward. I always was. 'Never mind, Master Rob, lad,' and he spoke in a light, half piteous way, as if the person addressed were present— ' it's only a short and a sharp sting. You're a soldier, and it's what you might expect some time or other. You gave it him well, and can feel happy about that, and I can tell you one thing, lad, much older a» I am, that life ain't worth having — it's been to me almost a curse. Better out of it, my lad, and go to sleep— eh ?' He bent forward and smiled as tbe vacant look upon his face increased. 'Why don't I go out of it? Why don't I tell the truth ? Hah ! That's it. I'm such a coward, my lad— such a coward. I daren't speak, not even to give you your own. Ad, it's weary work, lad, when you've got some thing like this on your mind. Sleeping or waking its always there. His eyes looking at you and telling you that you killed him, I've Been him pointing lots of times to a crowd on a dark morning, and when I've looked there was something swinging to and fro above the crowd, and I darent look any more ; and then he haB seemed to laugh and jeer at me aB if he was pleased that I should be punished and Buffer as I do.' Dick leaped up with an angry cry and looked wildly around aB he pressed his brow. ' Tain't drink,' he muttered thickly. ' I haven't touched a drop, but it's just like it waB that time after the whisky. Seems all real like and as if I was talking to him. Seemed to be sitting there and -looking at me with them bright eyes of his, and asking me to save him, Said be waB so young anl didn't want to die like that, ' Poor lad,' he eaid after a pause. *' Why should he, when there's only me in the way ? I will speak. Ill go to the colonel and tell \- him all the truth, if I can only keep my head and remember what I want to say ; but it keeps going from me. Seems like walking straight to the gallows, and they'd try me and hang me. Yes, they'd try me and hang me tor it. What of that? It would be the saving of as true a lad as ever stepped, and it would make those old people happy— two who never did me harm. I will tell them. I'll make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comes, ' No, no, I cannot,' groaned the unhappy man, wildly, and he Btood pointing before him. ' As soon as l say I will he seems to be lying out there in the copse, among the wet leaves and dripping graEB, and he opens his eyes and looks at me, and — there he is again. Don't, don't, don't, master— don't look at me like that. It was an accident— the gun went off in the tussle.' Dick sank upon bis knees and stretched out his hands as he gazed into vacancy. 'I couldn't help it— you know I couldn't help it, and that I'd sooner have cut off my right hand than pulled the trigger. Don't look at me like that. Help !— help !— What shall I do?'- The wretched man sank down from where he had oast himBelf upon his knees and lay grovel ling upon the floor. ' It isn't that I'm afraid to die. I've suffered bo much that my life haB been a hell upon earth, but it's that— it's that. He's always there, seeming as if he'd drag me down — drag me down, and I daren't— I daren't face that! It is top terrible to bear. 'What ehallldo? Let that brave young fellow die, or speak the truth ?' ' No, I dare not. When he comes hell tell Sir Philip, and it will all be Btopped. How long will it be before he comes? The letters must reach him, and I've sent them both in spite of all he said, Poor lad !— poor lad !' Dick at last rose from where he lay with the intention ol going to Sir Philip's room, waking him and making a full conf eBBion of his sins ; but as soon as tie reached the door it seemed to him in bis over- excited state that themurdered gamekeeper stood in his way, threatening him with extended hand, and he shrank back with a wild cry, to cast himself, writhing in agony, upon the bed. A few words bravely spoken would have changed the current of events, and Richard Sogden fought bard to epeak those words. Hour succeeded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again ; but it was always the same as the wild fit of delirium increased. There stood by him the figure of Rob, despairingly pleading that he would save bis life, and on the other hand, like some mosking fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back, 'It's so that I Bhan't do aught that might fell for me by-and-bye,' groaned Dick. ' It's to make sore of me when I'm trying to do right. Master Rob, lad, I want to save you. I'm ready to cv° to that you may live, bat its too late— too u..e now. Look there,' and he paused, as he pointed straight before him 'he's stopping me— he won't let me go past him, and it's too late — too late.' Chapter LDI.— Doctob's Opinion. Dick Sogden was not the only sleepless one in that house. The hours passed slowly on, and Sir Philip Cope lay thinking arid jealously careful not to move lest he should cause Lady Cope to speak: For he was convinced that she was awake. Over and over again a smothered, sigh had escaped her lips, and there had been a faint movemeut as if a handkerchief were pressed to two weeping eyes. 'I'd give anything,' thought the colonel, ' to Bave him, but it cannot be. What's that ? He listened attentively, for he fancied that be heard a Bound in the houBe, but it was. not repeated, and he lay thinking again for a time, ? ei^^^'J^j Then there was another sound as of a loud cry, smothered by passing through wall and -door, and, glad of the opportunity for changing the current of hiB thoughts, Sir Philip hastily rose and began to dresB. He left his place very quietly, but he had proof positive directly that Lady Cope was awake, 'Is anything wrong, dear?' she said softly. ' Are you ill ? Can I fetch you any thing?' 'HI? No, no,' he said hastily. 'Don't be alarmed.' 'What is it?' she cried excitedly. 'A messenger from town,' ' No, no,' he said angrily, as he grasped the bent of her thoughts, »nd it exasperated him, 'I thought I heard a noise downstairs.' ' A noise ?' 'Yes. Lie EtUl, It may be nothing, but 111 go and speak to White.' 'There is something wrong,' said Lady Cope excitedly, for at that moment there was a quick tap at the door. ' Yes ! Who's there ?' ' Margery, Sir Philip. Would you please to get up?' He threw on hiB dressing gown and opened the door to find the confidential servant wait ing with a candle in her hand, which she held over the balustrade above her head as she gazed down. ' What is it, Margery ?' ' I don't know, Sir Philip ; only that I have beard something again and again. I could not fcleep.' The execution met him at every turn, and he gave an impatient stamp as he said hastily— ' The sentries, or something perhaps at the stables.' 'No, Sir Philip, I have tried to think it was that, but it is something downstairs. Either people have broken in or White is taken ill,' 'White?' 'Yes. I heard a noise not many minutes ago, aB if some one had fallen against a door, and I'm afraid it must be White in bis room.' ' I'll be there directly,' said Sir Philip ex citedly. 'Only ah attack of colic or some thing of that kind, my dear,' he said to Lady Cope. ' Dont be alarmed.' He went out to find Margery very pale and trembling; and, trying to reassure her, they hurried to the man's room to find the door fattened on the inside. Sir Philip knocked sharply. 'White!' he exclaimed, 'is anything wrong?' A deep groan was Uib only answer, ' Stand aside,' said the colonel, and stepping back he made a rush at the door, and bursting the lock from its bold. White lay on the floor moaning and with his lipe moving fast. Sir Philip looked rennd in search of signs of forcible entry, and then at the servant for in jurkt ; but it ?was plfeia enough to eee that the poor fellow w&e; suffering from a seizure, and as the colonel bent over him he caught from time to time some of the incoherent expressions which fell from White's lips. He could make nothing of them, however, and after vainly trying to make the sufferer patt&ke; of a little water Sir Philip turned to Margery. 'Brain, I'm afraid,' he Baid. 'The poor fellow is tiie friend and companion of Private Black, and this terrible business has been prey ing upon bis mind.' 'Shall I fetch the doctor, sir?' ' No ; I can't send yon out in tbe middle of tbe night,' said Sir Philip shortly, 'Stay with the poor fellow till I return.' 'Brain, sir, brain,' said the doctor when he had been fetched. ' Good heavenB ! How the pocr fellow keeps on wandering about death and punishment.' 'bo wonder,' said Sir Philip shortly. 'He vraa poor Black's friend.' 'Oh!' said the doctor quietly. 'That accounts for it. Poor fellow ! I suppose there is to be a reprieve, Sir Philip ?' 'For Black? No.' ' Oh, come, tit. You'll excuse me, I know ; bnt surely that case might be met by a few months' punishment.' 'No. doctor, the court-martial sentence will have to be carried out.' 'But really — I would not epeak so plainly, but Miller got no more than he deserved.' ' The private soldier struck his superior officer and assaulted him afterwards very brutally. It is impossible for discipline to be carried out in theBe evil times unless punish ments are enforced.' 'Well,' said the doctor shortly, !'I can stand our fellows being killed by the enemy, but when it comes to their being shot by our own men I feel it is time to protest.' 'My dear doctor,' said Sir Philip stiffly, ' we did not make martial-law ; we are only its Bervanta and have to obey, bo don't yon think our argument is likely to be of a barren nature?' The doctor shrugged his shoulders, ' What about our patient?' ' Let him lie here till morning, and then I must have him in hospital, unless her ladyship forbids his removal.' 'As she certainly will, poor fellow. You think it is brain, then ?' ' Undoubtedly ; brought ' on by mental anxiety, I should say. He must not be left. Ill send in one of the women— Mrs. Dann.' (To be continued.) 