AOTA POPTJLI. ...;.. By The Flaneub. ?f AfesoN Jefferis is still leathering away at 'Prob- lems that perplex us,' and being remarkably wise in his own generation, he takes particular care to Belect sudh problems only as are already fairly settled, or give us little or no concern whatever. The terrible sufferings of the rich, and the cor responding luxuries enjoyed by the poor ; the Dread Uncertainty of the What, and the Vast Im probability of the When are fair samples of the straw-stuffed subjects which the canny Doctor sets tip and knocks out in four rounds, but he steors lear o£ telling ua whether Mr. Bgeson is a sacred Elijah, or merely a weather-almanac Munehausen 5 why an outsider won the Ca'ulfi eld Cup, and which horse will get home first for the Melbourne trophy ; what is the best food to fatten a baby on in order to secure our dearly beloved neighbour, Johnnie Solomon's champion prize, and scores of other problems which really do perples us at present and cause us to feel as excited and mad as a bob , tailed bull in the fly season. Dr. Jefferis' flock merely ask for a diet of clean, oaten hay, with an ?occasional bran mash, but he gives them asathetic lilies and a preserve made of Dead Sea apples. Last Sunday the guid Doctor tackled the London Dock Labourers' strike, that being the safest problem he could find, and proceeded to settle the trouble once more after a style peculiarly his own. In his discourse the level-headed nieenister made the startling declarations that 'every victory won against monopolies, restrictions, and social tyrannies was mainly due to the working of Christianity; but still, it was no part of the professed ministers of Christianity to proclaim war upon such institutions, even though they knew full well that such institutions ought to be changed or even ended.' All this was tough enough for even a horse marine to swallow, but . before his hearers had time to check their gaping astonishment the Doctor fairly paralysed them by further asserting that although Christians might sympathise with such insurrections and the like, they must ' take care not to identify themselves with any of these great movements for reform till their objects had been attained.' In the way of! ' playing for safety,' as the billiardists say, this is about as delightful a chunk o£ advice as any one could well deliver. If it means anything at all, it means that those who are not Christians must do all the \- fighting for the world's reform that is re quired, and then, if the reform is secured, ' the Christians are to march boldly to the front with a ringing shout of ' Bully for us ; now let us whack the spoils !' If, on the other hand, the fighters for reform are flattened out ? on the battlefield, the Christians are to troop along all the same and exclaim, ' Behold the righteous cause ha3 triumphed again, and we are now delivered from a great fear. Let us share the plunder and kick the corpse.' If this is Con gregational Church Christianity, ifc is certainly . the safest, from a worldly point of view, that could be followed, for it is simply a pulpit edition of the proposal made by the ' three-up ' man, who, as he hoistodjthe coins in the air, observed, ' Now, than, heads I win, tails you lose, sir.' 'Will there be war ?' Now that is one of the problems which do perples us to-day, but on ?which Dr. Jefferis will probably remain silent until we are all baing marched off into Egyp tian, or Mongolian, or some other sort of bondage. Ifc is one on which even Parkea, and Glen Innes Hutchison, and Salvation Captain Turner, and many other groat authorities differ widely. Some say war must be declared in Europe next Spring, for most of the Great Powers ere now so financially crippled that they must either go to war or go bung. Others decln.ro that; one half the said Powers are frightened and the other half not game ; therefore, there will not bo any more real fighting done than if the affair was a matter between two newspaper challenging1 champions of the fistic arena. Other prophets are more cautious?, and. gravely inform us that there may, possibly, bo war soon, and again, there may not. This jg a prediction worthy of even the cautious JefYeria himself, and reminds me somewhat of the recent forecasts of most of our sporting tipsters, who carefully men tioned 21 out of 22 -horses that ran for the Cn.nl field Cup as the probable winner, and yet omitted to name the flyer who really did win after all. Jerusalem stoned tho prophets, and there is reason to believe that Australia will take the law into her own hands and brickbat the majority of her (racing) prophets also. The cable correspondent is, oc course, to be credited with the most oi! the war rumours that fly round down here, for he must send us some sort of news, and when he has nothing at all on hand he starts a war scare one day and wipes it out the next. On a Monday we may read — 'Austria is arming, and 10,000 men have marched to invade Servia.' On Tuesday -we are told that 'the report concerning the arming of the Austrian army is incorrect. It appears that, General Tarantarahtariski purchased a second-hand re volver to shoot some oats which, have turned his back fence into a Philharmonic choir room, and this gave rise to the above alarming report. The 10,000 men said to be inarching- on Servia turn out to be four policemen who were started off to arrest an Italian hurdy-gurdy grinder whose monkey broke a window in the 'War Department Office and made 'lunars' at ;the head of the staff. The peace o£ Europe is now declared by Joe Biggar to be firmly assured, unless the pro posed dastardly attempt to put a tax on Limerick bacon is made, in which case a wi ir conflagration will burst forth and annihilate the whole world, with the exception of Killaloe and Ballyshan non.' Only the other day we were confidently in formed, per cable, that the Russian Czar, having in some miraculous manner escaped from the country he is supposed to rule with autocratic sway, had reached Berlin, whore he was rendered furioiis by the fact that the people made no more fucs over his arrival than if he were a second Jo-Jo. To- add to the con sternation of Europe their Mighty Majesties, the Czar and the German' Kaiser, did not rub noses together this time; ' the Czar was barely civil' (vide cable), and the 'Irigh Dutch' ripped out by Bismarck in consequei: ice was enough to even scare a 1ST. S. Wales M.P. from drawing his salary. And, as a fitting sequel! to all this h ubbub, we learnt, per cable again, on Monday last, that Bismarck was confident the Cz ar's intentions are peaceful, and the German G-o1 vernrncnt have ad vised him to ' shake in the ha1 c,' or play a game of ' Nap,' or do something els ,e in a friendly line with England by settling the Long-brewing Asiatic trouble. The problems that; ; perplex us most to day, therefore, are, where will i. the cable correspon dent go to when he dies? ami how much longer will thousands of brave, hones t men, ' made after God's image and likeness/* be trotted out to shoot each other down like- do^s, merely because a crowned Sussian niadhead1 cal Is a German ditto a 'Domassoffachunkoph.Hiuds.ki,' or the latter catches the former a bang in the eye with a plug of Miksehimonsen's tin-tag to' bacco ? How the Czar managed to climb out of his steel-plated galvanized-iron. tixnk and escape with his Ned- Kelly armour on. Is another problem to perplex us, and, no doubt, ifc will lead to the 'official removing' by their friends, of the Nihilistic squad who had charge of the customary assassination business that day. This leads to the reflection how thankful we should be that our lot is cast in such a peaceable land as this. Only the other day our Czar, Parkes, started off to rub noses with the Big Besrum of the Bananaland* and we made no more fuss over . 'bis departure than if he were a consignment of /dead Chinese or patent medicine, whereas the Czar of ail the : Russias can't put his head outside of his own door to see if it ' looks like rain' without a score of Nihilistic bombs being flattened! up against his front fence. These Nihilists see un to have a fine vein of dry humour running thi rough them, too, for when it 'wa3 recently reported! that the Czar had lifted a mass o£ steel weighiii; % nearly 7001bs. to the height of 4- feet, a Guy Fawkes-looking bomb-banger facetiously observed,. ' Pooh ! that's nothing. I take me a little bit oi dynamite, so big as tho Czar's thumb only, and'. I lift him so high that he will never come down, :?or a million years.' Apropos to the unsettled state t-£ English affairs in Asia the cable fiend ha b also informed us that ' Lord Brassey has expre gsed tho opinion that Australia must be regarded as the chief factor in the Pacific in considering tho defence of India.' This hands up more problems to perplex us ; the foremost o£ the lot being, who in thunder is this brazen, blathering, booby Brassey, and what right has he to stand up and answer for Aus tralia ? There was a sort of a bumptious well dressed navvy named Brassey out here for a few weeks in charge of a pleasure yacht, for the casual inspection of which ho charged each visitor half-a-crown a head, but, apart from his money, that fellow never had enough influence here to get hims?lf kicked by a kangaroo. If this is the party -whose opinion has been cabled out, all I can say is that tho party who wrote tho message is a clangorous lunatic and shouldn't be allowed to remain at large a day longer. We can't bo always helping the grand old mother country out of the messes ahe gets herself into with the 'black men,' as Salisbury calls tfc em. We conquered the Soudan for her only the other day, and saved the poor old British Lion from baing butted into eternity by an infuriated goat ; but that is no reason why we should prance oil' again and perhaps waste the pick and flower oe1 our chivalry over a Royal Bengal tiger, or a derned old poley Brahmin bull. Our Mr. Inglis subdued India and shot all the tigers in the menageries over there once before ; but we can't spare him again, as we require him to lecture on 'Terewth' in. our Sunday schools ; so the best thing England can do is to melt Brassy clown into cannons and fight her Asiatic battle herself. We, don't want to fight ; and ir' we ever do, we have the rabbits, and hydatids, and baby farms, and land syndicates and Ringnose Wise, and divers other nuisance problems to perplex us and call for a fight to a finish. That boy-Governor, just exported from England to Victoria, is likely to require a mild correction at our hands also, for we learn that he has been entrusted with proposals for extending the navaj partnership between England and Australia, and that those proposals are to be submitted to the Victorian Parliament first and afterwards to the other colonies. This is a very fine apple of discord to place in young Master Hope toun's bib, indeed. It wa3 a happy thought to ask Victoria to have the first bite, no doubt, for it is notorious that tho Cabbage Gar den is by far the mo3t Jingoistic of all the colonies ; but what sort of a sour phiz will our great Pan jandrum puil when Premier Gillies passes the apple over to him for bite the second ? The Im perial Federation fad is at the bottom of all this manoeuvring, of course, and another polite, spider like invitation is being offered to Australia, to 'walk into the parlour' and take up 'a larger share in the. toils and dangers of the Empire.' What ever hope the hopeful Hopetoun's mission will have across the border, it will certainly receive what the Ancient Egyptians used to call ' the dirty kick out' over here, and I greatly doubt if the Cabbage Garden will be able to hold up the ' toils and dangers' very long, for her greatest general never drew a sword but once, and that at a church-bazaar wheel-of-fortune lottery. In making Lord Hopetoun's appointment out old man Kuutsford was careful to again hint (but in subdued tones) chat the colonies really could not have a voice in the selec tion of their Governors. Considering how the Home Government had to back down over the attempted appointment of Police man Burke, X 99, to Queensland, and the subse quent knuckling under in the South Australian case, Lord Kuutsford must be a very innocent old rooster indeed ifc' ho imagines that we pay any attention to his latest little piece of bluff. The dunderheaded policy of a Georgius Rex which lost America for ever is not likely to be attempted again ; and knowing this, we can assure the Down ing-street dodderils that their artful little hints can have no more effect on our future policy than a porous plaster would have on the back of our good and gracious Queen's big statue. The whirligig of Time will ere long make it necessary for the Home authorities to go beating round in search of a Governor for New South Wales (they are probably on the job now), and a niig'hty troublesome task that will be. The idea evidently is that we are a people who not only love a lord, but have ambitious thoughts of securing something even higher. Familiarity with lords does not lead us to hanker after a continuance of such company (our present ruler excepted), and therefore, it is just on the cards that we may be flattered with tho offer of a member of the blood royal. ' That would bo very nice,' of course, as the ' Private Secretary ' would say, and we have already heard hints of Prince George being sent out under some commission, probably as a ' iV.eler ' to ascertain how ouch an appointment would be relished. This young gentleman is better known by the title of ' Sprats,' and we can guess what an im mense benefit his gubernatorial rule would be from the following story. Not long ago 'Sprats' was presented with the freedom oi: the City of London. In response he made a speech of his own composing (having probably forgotten tho one pi'epared by the official 'ghost'), and this was the promising style of his eloquent oration. Reported in full it reads : — ' My Lord Mayor, gentleman of the Corporation of the City of London, Ladies and Gentle men,— I thank you most sincerely for the very, er — for the very great honour you have done me in permitting me to com;-: here to-day, to take up the freedom of the City of London. Like my grandfather, my father, and my or — my brother, I shall always, er — look back to this day as one of the proudest of my life. Once more, I thank you all. (Deafening applause.)' A splen did oration, for a Prince, but rather too much after the style of the bright little thanksreturn ing deliveries of some of our aquatic champions which used to run: — 'Proudest moment me life — .mly did me dooty— ain't no speaker-- but, put me into a boat, and I'll lick the whole blooming1 world.' ';???? :V- ?, .-:?? : , ? Why not make ,' Cupid' Burdefc Smith our next Governor ?:' Now-, i/ierc's a man— but, he hates even just pi'aiso, so no more upon the sub ject. After ' Cupid,' Garden Honey is our only hope. ?'..'? 