ORIGINAL POETRY. TO A SPRAY OF GIPPSLAND WATTLE-BLOSSOM. Oh ! give to me the little spray Of wattle, from so far away; Ah ! yield it to my longing hand, Indeed, thou oust not understand All it will speak to me Only a spray of wattle-bloom, Looking at me amid the gloom Of city smoke, and dust, and glare** Drooping in uncongenial air A spray of wattle-bloom. Friend of the city, not to thee Speaketh the blossom as to me; Thou canst admire its buds of gold. Its feathered leaflets manifold, Its subtle perfume rare. But every tiny bud and leaf Whispers to me in tender grief "Sweet soul that loved the forest so, Wherein our myriad blossoms blow, What has become of thee ? " Dost thou remember as of old The wattle wears its garb of gold ? The grasses and the flowers are there, All that to thee was once so fair So short a time ago. ' " The same deep voices of the breeze Swing their fresh music through the trees) The same still depths of river glide From out the sloping mountain side, To steal into the sea. ' " And all the sounds so often heard- The notes of every forest bird, The browsing herd upon the plain- Surely thy soul is sick with pain , As thus I speak to thee Ah ! little flower I loved of old. Dear little downy heads of gold. Truly, mine eyes are full of tears, As o'er the long dividing years The past comes back to me. Surely thou knowest not from home* Thy home and mine-I willing roam? Ah ! couldst thou guess how fancy flioS To far bush shades and forest skies, Amid the city stones, I ween not so reproachfully Thy budded leaves would speak to mat But thou wouldst ask a kindly fate, Thy truant blossom back to take, To tell the truth of me. Not for a day can I forget The haunts resigned with such regret. No season to its grave is led, With all the dear ghosts of its dead, Without me there to see. And when the sunset, rich and still, Swims on that river from the hill, With it my spirit downward glides Among the drift upon its tides, And yields it to the sea. And all the long-drawn winds that fly The pure, strong currents of the tky Imagination brings them now. And lifts the hair upon my brow, And fills my heart with Joy. I see the far, old forest still. And my worn spirit drinks its fill, Although but memory brings to me Its glows and glooms of harmony, Its mingling light and shade. And all the strange weird notes that ring With flutters ot a passing wing; The sweet wild wilfulness of song That taunts us as we steal along, Where nestlings chirp unseen All is as freshly clear to-day As if I listened yesterday; The head once laid on Nature's heart, Needeth no messenger to start, The strains of memory. And yet I thank thee, dearest flower, Thou comest in a troubled bour To whisper 'mid the cliy's roar " Its noise is not for evermore, The bush-wilds wait for thee." JENNINGS CARMICHAEL 