The Ingoldsby Legends, BY T HOMAS INGOLDSBY, EBq. THE BLACK HMOUSQUETAIRE- continru Who cn ly from Ielf il Bitter cares hcn youfehsl'emnŽ-Ž' oI l Are not cured, by.travel-as Horaeasays, non animuime meoang u rrunc troas marej It's climate, not mind; that by roamingj.~ in Remorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Peter Schlemil did his; It haunts you for ever-in bed and at board Ay, e'en in your dreams, And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored l It is much if he slumbers at all, which but few Froangis Xavier Auguste wasan instance co do. InJeed, from the time He committed the crime Which cut off poor sister Therese in her prime, He was not the same man that he had been his plan Was quite changed-in wild freaks he no more led the van ; He'd scarce sleep a wink in Aweek; but sit thinking, From company shrnking-- He quite gave op drinking At the mesa-table, too, where now seldom he Fish, fricme,s frioandea, tpotaoe, or game, Didon ose iruffc, or turbot d4 la crfme, 1?W-he still shook his head,-it was always the same, Still be never complained th thathe couk was to blame ! Twoas his appetito £ail'd him-no matter how rare And reae?e the dish, how delicious the fare,- What he nsed to like best he no longer could bear : But he'd sit thed strand stare .With an air of despair; Took no care, but would wear Boots that wantod repair; , Such a siettoo ! you'd think he'd no linen to epare. He omitted to shave; heneglected his hair, And Lobk'd mome like ,i Guy than a gay Mouns quetaire. One thing, above all, noos excited remark k; In the evening he seldom swt long after dark. Not tha then, asof yore, he'd go out for "a lark" With his friends; but when they, After taking cafe, Would havoe oiled bonesandhidneys brought in on a tray, -Which I own I consider a very good way, If a man's not dyspeptiic, to wind up the day No persuasion on earth could induce him to stay; But he'd take up his candlestick, just nod his head, By way of" Good evening !" and walk off to bed. Yet even when there he seemed no better off, For he'd wheeze, and he'd sneeze, and he'd hem ! and he'd cough. And they'dhear him all night, Sometimes sobbing ousrigho, While his valet, who often endeavour'd to peep, Declared that "his master was never asleep But would sigh, and would groan, slap his forehead, and weep ; That about ten o'clock His door he would lock, And then never would open it, let who would knochk ! He had heard him," he said,"' Sometimes jump out of bed, And talk as if speaking to one who was dead ! He'd gron, and he'd moan, In so pieeous a tone, Begging some one or other to let him alone, That it really would esoften the heart of a stone To hear him- exclaim so and call upon Heaven, Then-the bother began always jurs ao dcres ! " Francois Xavier Auguste, as I've told you before, I believe was a popular man in his mor/, And his comrades, not one .Of whomknewo of the Nun, Now began to consult what was best to be done Count Corden Bleu And the Sieur do la Confes'd they did not know at all what to do: But the Chevalier Hippolyte Hector Achille Alphonse Stoanislau Emile do Grandville Made a fervent appeal To the zeal they must feel For their friend, so distinguished an officer's weal. "The first thing," he said, " was to find out the matter That bored their poor friend so, and caused all this clatter Mort de marvie" -Here he took some rappee "Be the wuse what it may, he shall tell it to me!" He was.right, sure enough-in a couple of days He worms out the whole story of Sister Thereae, Now entomb'd. poor dear soul I income Dutch Pere la Chaise. -"But the wornt thing of all," Franp?is Xavier declares, "Ip, whenever I've taken my candle up stairs, There's Thereo sitting there-upon one of those chairs I Such a frown, too, she wears,and so fright fully glares, That I'm really prevented from saying my pray'ro, " While ao odour, the very reverse of per fume, More like rhubarb or senna, pervades the whole room !" Hector Aehillo Stanialaus Emile, When he heard him talk so felt an odd sort of feel; Not that lie cared for Ghosts-he was far too genteel; I Still a queerish sensation came on when he saw Him, whom, for fun, They'd, by way of a pun On his person and principles nick-named Sans Aman whom they had, you see,- Mark'd as a Sedueee, SIn b horns, all at once, so completely to draw, And to talk of a Ghost with such manifest a awe! It excited the Chevalier Graudville's surprise ; r He shrugg'd up his shoulders, he turned up S his eyes, And e thoeght with himauel that he could o not do less Than lay the whole matter before the whole Repetition's detestaible ;-So as you're beht Paint to yourself the effectat theMes.-taeble. How the bold Brigadiers Prick'd up their J And eeeieed the account, some with feacrs, some with soeer. S How theSieurdela Roue Said to Count Cordon Plea, "hlafoi--'esdbln dmle--Monseigneur, what say you i" How Count Cordon Bleu Declared he "thought so too; " SHow the Colonel afflrm'd that "the case was 1 quitei ew ;" e How the Captains and Majors Began to lay wagirs I How far the Ghost part of the story was Strue;-- " How, at last, when asked "What was the Eserybody was silent,--for nobody nsew s And how, in h the d they aid, "o one could deal SWith the matterso well, from his prudence and r zeal, o As the Gentleman who was the first to reveal rThis strange story-riz. Hippolyte Hector Achill - o Alphonse Stanistlaus Emile do Grandrille !" SIneed scarcely relate The plans, little and -great, - - . - t Which came into the Chevalier Iippolyte's " pateo -. - . . . STo rescue his friend from his terrible foes, : SThose mischievono Impe,;rhom the worldI From etrlagant notindc respecting their Has stragely geed to denominate "Blue," Inahmoch as his schemo ewer of no moe psoall Than those he had, early in life, foed to fail, When he strove to lay salt on some little bird's tail. In vain did be try With strong waters to ply His friend, on the ground that he never could Such a thing ai. aGhoet, with a drop.ins s St Foir nera oulddrink now unleis hakes Besides, what tierdailgar call "suekingsthe nionkey~gcy K> Has much less elirct on a man when he's funky. ''<= In vain did he strive to detain him at table Till his "dark hour" was over-he never was able, Save once, when at esar, Withthat sort of address, Which the British call "Humbug," and the Frenchmen "Finessc" (It's "Blarney" in Irish-1 don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring hisfriend's English watch. He examined the face. And the back of the case, And the young Lady's portrait there, done on enamel, he "Saw by the likeness was one of the family ;" Cried "Superb i!-Magni6que !" (With hi tongue in his cheek) Then he opened the case, just to take a peep in it, and Seized the occasion to pop back the minute hand. With a demi-conge, and a shrug, and a grin, he Returns the bljou and--e'est une offaire Jfne "I're done him,' thinks he, "now I'll wager a guinea!" It happen d that day They were all very gay, 'Tw the Grand Monarque's birthday-that is, 'twas St. Louis', Which in Catholic countries, of course, they would view as his So when Hippolyte saw Him about to withdraw. He cried, "Come-that won't do, my fine fellow, St. Foix, Give us five minutes longer, and drink Wire le Roil" Fragois SXavier Auguste, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was play'd, drew his watch from his fob, - Just glanced at the hour, then agreed to "hob nob," Fill'd a bumper, and rose, Wilth "JIessiokrs, Ipronee--" He paused--bi blanch'd lips fail'd to utter the toast. 'Twas elrcea l-he thought it half-psat ten at moat Ev'ry limb, nerve, and muscle grew stiffas a post.- Ilisjawdropp'd-his eyes Swcll'd to twice their own size And he stood as a pointer would stand-at a Ghost! -Then shriek'd, as ha fell on the floor like a stone, "Ah! Sister Therese! now-do let me alone" It's amazing by sheer perseverence what men do,- As water wears stone by the " Se?e dendsedo," If they stick to Lord Somebody's motto, "dAgcndo ! " Was it not Robert Bruce --I declare I've forgot, But I think it was Robert-you'll find it in Scott Who, when cursing DameFortune,was taught by a Spider, "She's sure to come round, if you will but abide her." Then another great Rob, Called " White. headed Bob," Whom Ionce saw receive such a thump on the "nob" From a fiot which might almost an elephant brain, That I really believed, at the first, he was slain, Forhe lay like a log on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a small lancet and opened a vein Just below his left eye, which relieving the pain, He stood up like a trump, with an air of dis. dain, While his " backer " was fain-For he could not refrain (He was drea'd in pee-green, with a pin and gold chain, And I think I beard somebody call him "Squire Hayne,") To whisper te corlds one should always retain, -" TAKE A SUCK AT TIE LEMON AND AT 0i00 AGAI.s ill" A hint ne'er srpass'd, though thus spoken at random,. oince Tedeer'a apostrophe --Nil deeperaduoe Granville acted on it, and ordler'd his Tandem. He had heard St Foi say, That no vely great way From Namur was a snug little town called Geaudpre, Near which, a few miles from the banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-sister of poorDearThereae, Of the same age, of course, the same father, same mother, And as like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with her Mama, Having lost her Papa, Late of contraband schnaps an unlicensed \- distiller, And her name was Des Moulins (in English Miss Huiller). Now, though Hippolyte Hector Could hardly expect her - To feel much regard forhersister'd "protector," When she'd seen him so shamefully leave and neglect her ; Still, he very wecllknew In this worldthere are few But are ready much Christian forgiveness to show, For other folk'a wrongs-if well paid so to do And he'd been to what acts "Res Adnotst " compel beau. And belles whoso affLirs have once got out at elbows, With the magic effect of a handful of crowns Upon people whose pockets boast nothing but " browns :" A few frans well applied He'd no doubt would decide Mlis Agnes Des Moulinas to jump up and ride As far as head-quarters, next day, by his side; For the distance was nothing, to speak by comparison, To the town where the Mousquctaires now lay in garrson; Then he thought by the aid Of a veil, and gown made Like those worn by the lady his friend had betray'd, They might dress up Miss Agnes so like to the Shade Which he fancied he saw, of that poor injured maid, Come each night, with her pale face, his guilt toopbraia; . That if once introduced to his room, thus *array'd, And then unmask'd as soon as she'd long enoogh stay'd, 'Trould be no very difficult taok to peresade Him the whole was ascurory trick; cleverly * play'd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievous jade With respect to the echemc--:hough I do not call that a gem- - o - s Still Ioe noon eoldier's adopt a worse strata gem, And that, too, among the decided apprnvers OfGeneral Sir David Dunda'e "M'eano?urea." Thera's a proverb, however, li've always thought clerer, Whieh my OGrandmother never was tired of repeating, 0The proof of the pudding is found in the eating I" We abhall see in the sequel, how Hector ehille Had mix'd up the suet and plums fordj meal. The night had set in;--'twas a dark and n gloomy one;:--? :. . :: -,, Off went St. Foix to his chamber; a roomy Five toies high, The iest florb from the aky,"" :" And lofty enough toaftroed great facility For playing a game, with the youthful nobility, " . .. . ., Of " crekeorp,"' a deal in' ltqueot when they're feelintg, . :. I dull btiontry quarters; ennui on thenmtal A wet wafer's applied To a sixpence'r ide, Then it'is aspi with the Ihumbb p to stickon '.: .'the ceiling;. -::. : ;: : " .:E·. : : Intellectual amnsementwhich custom allows old troops,-.; -,. . .: .- , .: Fve seen it here proctised at home by our SHouehlold troops. - . :: ' , * Tompton's, I prsuome F"-F?un ss. He'd a table, and bed, And three chairs; and all's said A bachelor's barrack, where'er you discern it, you're Sure not to find overburthen'd with furniture. Frangois Xavier Auguste lock'd and bolted his door • '? ripT ? 3ith just the same caution he 'dlpactised Y°' before; w, ' s: " ' J C Little.e jn knew That the Countm Cordon ;"Bleu,,. t t'. ir Wirhk Hector>Achille, 'n4 lthe ;SienradeIa Rour, Had been up there before him, and drawn er'y hreew I And now comes the moment-the watches and clocks All point to eleren-the bolts and the locks Give way-and the party turn out their bag. fox ! With step noiseleea and light, Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right In her robe long and black, and her veil long and white, HLt'amselle Agnes des:Moulins walks in as a Sprite ! She approaches the bed With the same silent trend Just as though she had been at least half a year dead I Then seating herself on the .rush-bottam'd chair," Throws a cold stony glanoe at the Black Mousquetaire. If you're one of the "play-going public," kind reader, And not a Moravian or rigid Seceder, . You've seen Mr.iKenn, I mean in that scene Of Macbeth,-hy some thought the crack one of the piece, Which has been so well painted by Mr. M'Cliese, When he wants, after having stood up to y grace, . To sit down to his haggie, and can's find a •place ; :; " You remember his stare At the high-back'd arm-clair, Where the Ghost sits that nobody else knows is there, And how, after saying "What man dares I dare!" le proceeds to declare He should not so much care If it came in the shape of a "tiger" or "bear," . But he don't like it rsnking its long gory hair! While the obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, With a horrible grin, Sits, and cocks uphia chin, Just as though he was aking' the tyrant to shave hiam. And Lennox and Rosso Seem quite atloss If they ought to go on with their sheep's head and sauce! And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly reos, And says in a buff It'es all "Proper stuff!" All this you'll have seen, Reader, often enough; So perhaps 'twill assit you in formiog some notion Of what must have been Francois Xavier'e emotion If you fancy what troubled Macbeth to be doubled, And, inste?d of one Banque to stare in his face Without" speculation," suppose he'd a brace I I wish I'd poor Fuseli's pencil, who ne'er I bel. ieve was exceeded in painting the terrible, Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who was so a-droit in depicting it-ride his piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort'a decease, Where that prelate is lying, Decidedly dying, With the Eing and his suite, Standing just at his feet, And his hands, as Dame Quickly says, fulomb. ling the sheet; While, close at his ear, with the air of a scorner, "Busy, meddling," Old Nick's grinning up in the corner. But painting'a an art I confess I am naw in, The fact is, I never took lessons in drawing, Had I done so, instead Of the lines you have read, I'd have given you a sketch should have filld you with dread ! " Franois Xavier Auguste squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, His complexion like lead, Ev'ry hair that he has standing up on his head, . As when, Agnes des Monlines'ft catching his view, Now right, and now left, rapid glances he threw, Then abriek'd with a wild' and unearthly halloo. "iaon Dicu u ala decl Br voI PoPn THERE AEn TWO!! I He fell back-one long aspiration he drew, In flew De la Roue, And Count Cordon Bleu, Pommade, Pomme.de-terr sand' the rest of their crew. ::.: He atirr'd not,-he spoke not;--he none of them knew I And Achillo cried"'Odzoks li I fear by his looke, Our friend, Frangois Xavier, has popp'd off the hooks !" 'TwaR too true Malrheurneull It was done!-he had ended his .earthly career,-. He" had gone off at once with a flea in his ear; The'Black Mousquetaire :asan dead as Small-beer rl I -"r A moral more in point I scarce could hope Than this, from Mr. Alexander Pope. If ever chance should bring some Cornet gay And pious Maid,-nas, possibly, it may,-. From Knightsbridge Barracks, nod the shades serene Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kensal Green; O'er some pale marble when they join their heads To kiss the falling tears each other sheds ; Oh ! may they passe !-and think, in silent awe, He, that he reads the words, " C gi i St. ,Foe.!". She, that the tombstone which her eye surveys Bears this sad line, -" lic jacei Swear Theerese I" Then shall they sigh, and weep, and mur. muring Day, "Oh! may we never play such tricks as they "- r And if atsuch a time some Banr thre be, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song-like Ingoldaby If such there be-who sings and sips so well, Let him this and, this tender story tell i Warn'd by the tale, the gentle pair shall boast, "I've'scaped the Broken Heart I"-' and I, the Ghost" I i *a• y ai doo aa nia onun~a scc 