,j^jpfffl|»g€& Answers to Questions. 'f^t*. (B rn&Sri;^ii^-Tne anwrant of **?avation 4n your 'jink iii'-ludii g roadwayfi 696Jcflbic yards 6§ cubic -**eet :-^' ^3 ^/'v ,:.:: ?J7B. (Byron Bay^.— Teraoragoldfieid was proclaimed ?'-? on J»ne'4. lljjjo, end reserved from conditional por cbase on April 28, 1884. H. E. M. (Hay).— To clean a kid glove, put it on the hand ond sp -npe it with new milk and soap... Dry in . llie air, and piill out when dry, . ;, J. L. W. (Mopilla,)— Bis fight: ?Tbere'are 4wo dates in V -? year when the darn «nd nights are eqnal— viz , T. IS. (Calnola).— If a eon builds a house on his taker's ground, he can not take it down when he poes away without permission from the father, un'ess there has been a special agreement. W. H (lvatiliop). — 'J*8 lnsbranper Morgan was shot on lOttt.Ariril, J862-. at I'eeobelbs, on the Ovens, Bpccbwonh. Victim*. We believe that he was a native of the district of Campbelltown, New South. Wale'. *C. 13. K. (Wollocgoneh). — According to the digram f nrnis bed, which indicates batters round the three rideK of the body of th° tank, we estimate the earth work excavatpd'to be 3175 cubic yards 11 5-36 cubic feet. Nemo (Darlington).— The name of the gentleman who made the longwt BDeech in thfl Legislative Assembly of New South Wales is J. C. Neild, then member for Paddingrton. He spoke, we believe, for wore than nine hours. Nukre fDubbo).— The evil results from wet feet may often be diminished or ratirely averted by quickly taking off the damp shoes and Btockinge, rubbing the feet dry, toaBting them before a hot fire or hot blast of air from a stove, and purlins on dry, well-warmed stockings and shoes as thick as, or thicker than, those laid aside. Mestou.— We think that you will get what you re quire and rearonabiy from S. T. Leigh and Co., en gravers and printers, 28, O'Connell- street. They make the cover* for the books in fbeir office, and we presume that what you want is somewhat similar. However, Jn communicating with them, you will require to give ell ihe rifeessary details, and the firm will state a price. . lNQt'iiiEii (Glen InneR). — Th^re are no vacancies at present on the draf tiDg staff of the Lauds Depart ment. In the event of any additional assistance being required, which is not probable, applicants would probably be required to pass the usual tem porary draftsman's examination, the terms of which ? may be nfcertained on application to the Chief Drafts man of the Survey Office. Lkx (Gerringong). — A codicil is an addition, to or correc tion of a will. To be perfectly certain of takingeffect, it should be written upon Ibe same sheet as the original ; but it may, if desired, or if more convenient, be written upon a separate sheet in such a way as to refer to tre origin-tl. Whether upon the same sheet with the original or not, it mutt be regularly signed ; and attested, the same as an original will. Vulcan (Enfield). — The person most entitled to be come administrator of an estate of which there is no executor is the next of kin in special order, as fol lows :— 1. Widower or widow. 2. Child or children. 3\. Grandohild or grandchildren. 4. Greatgrand children or other descendants. 5. father or mother. G. Brother* or sitters. 7. Grandfathers or grand mothers. %, Kephews, nieces, uncles, aunts, great grandfathers, or great-grandmothers. 9. Kindred more remote than any of Ihe above. 10. Creditors. SUHRCBiliF.il -Wauchope).4-The, bites or stings of insectP, sucb as gnats, bees, wasps, &c.;, are, generally ? speaking, easily cured. They are very serious, how ever,; when they take place on some dedicate part of tho body, such ftR near the eye or in the throat. The treatment is very simple in most eases, and -consists in taking out the sting, if it is left behind, with a needle, and appljing to the part a liniment made of ; finely scraped chalk and olive oil, mixed together to about the thickness of cream. Di moni) (Meriinbula) a*ks: 1. What is a good book lor amateur theatricals? 2.. Where aro cheap wigs obtainable V 3. Where can De Lacy's play-books be procured P— Answer: .1. The books. 'The Art of Acting' und 'Guide to Selecting .Plays,' which are useful to amateurs, are obtainable from Mr. S. ?? 3\. Kirby, bookseller, 509, George-street, near Liver pool-street. -2. Wigs of all qualities and prices may be obtained from Mr. C. E. Wigaell, 137* I'll, Oxford street. 3. De Lacy's play-books can be procured at Mr. Kiruy'6, address given above. ? ._ li. M. W. ^DarliDg River1) asks: If 25 men work for 30 dayi, five liopn /or 27 days, arid' tKree men for 15 days, during which time they use rations amounting i- £50, how much per day. does each man have to pay1:1: AnsweK: I f 25 -men work for 30 days, that ? is equivalent tai7o0dayB^for ione man * if five men work for 27 dave, that is equivalent to 135,daysfor -ne man; if three men work for 16 day*, that is equivalent to 4£ days for one man. The *um total ie equivalent to 930 days forsone man./^iv|de the £50 by. 830, and She result is le» 0|d, ffl0fag£3hiuiiL .__, perday.7-;. -., i,-y..- -.?:-?-?:.?. ??? ?; /-;;£K:;*f¥vTi ''-I W. N. (Sydney).'— 1. Th« cotton «5omer;|8$*yii4icate^.- that bought up the year's crop and fdo»cL;5H»e prices-,: up, compelling the manufacturer to produce at a loss ? or else close. - There is a sub-leader on the subject in the Sydney Morning HeraU'e issue ;rta j*m J3rd ?;-. instant. 2. The fiifferehoe of -timebetW!iBen||ibiidon and Sydney ib 10 hours 6 minutes, aM^yawy^iB . ahead, i.e., when it is- 12 o'clock, noon/WOj^^ it is i!55sa.m. on the morning ^-f the sametlayJinjy ' London. 3. As you suggest, some of our numerous ' readers may kindly furnish the information required, viz., ihe recitations called ' The Last Hymn ' and ' The Unknown Land.' .-, Ethel (Narranderai .—To mike Everton toffee : Take lib. pf powdered loaf sugar, one teacvpful of water, Jib. of butter, six drops of essence of lemon. Put the water and sugar into a pan, and beat the butter to a creami When Sie sugar iR dissolved, add the butter and keep stirring the mixture over the fire : until it sets, when a little is poured on to a buttered dish; and jnst before .the toffee is done add the essence of femon.^ : Butter a dish or tin, pour on it the mixture,' and when cool it will easily separate from the dish. Mervyn (Jerilderie*.— The easiest way to get rid of warts is to pare off the thickened skin which covers the prominent wart. Cut it off by successive layered shave it till you come to the surface of the skin and till you draw b'.ood in two or three place3. When you have thus denuded the surface of the skin, rub the part thoroughly over with lunai caustic. One effec tive operation of this kind will generally destroy the wart. If not, cut off the black spot which has been occisioned by the caustic and apply the caustic again; or acetic acid may be applied in order to get rid of it. II. H. (Sydney).— 1. We cannot say what are the prospects for a typewriter in New Zealand, but we should say anyone should do fairly well in the prin cipal cities. 2. By constant intelligent practice for about three or six months yon would become an adept at the typewriting art 3. The caligraph is a good stamp of machine, cost about £20 ; also the Kerning ton, cost about £22. We believe it is a moot point which i« the best. The caligraphs are obtainable from Mr. Cunningham, Elizabeth-st.;; andEemington from Stott and Hoare, Arcide, CasUereagh-Rtreet ; but vou can ale o get them at the Ladies' Typewriting Association, 11, Lynd'iursr-cbamber*, Elizabeth - street, managed by Mrs. Armitige. It will be your '& :'L ' ?' ?' *' NEW FENCE, r-i best plan to call, and see that lady, who will, no doubt, give you all the information in* her power, especially as t) who are the agents for the typewriters . in New 'Zealand.' Books of instruction are furnished with the machines. Sufferer (Penrith).— Tociire a common coll : Put a large teacupful of. linseed, with Jib. of sun raisins ' audioz. of stick liquorice into two quarts of soft water, and let it simmer over a slow fire till reduced to one quart ; add to it £lb. of pounded sugar-candy, a tablespoon t ul of old rum, and a tablespoonf al of white wine vinegar or lemon juice. The rum and vinegar should be added as the decoction is taken, for, if they are put in at first, the whols sootTbecoraes flatand less efficacious. The dose is half-a-pint, made warm, on going to bed, and a little may be taken whenever the cough is troublesome. For cold on the chest : A flannel dipped in boiling water and sprinkled with turpentine and laid on the chest as quickly as possible will relieve the most severe cold or hoarseness. Vbritas (Bulgandraminc) asks, ' Whether a squatter \ can compel the bolder of a converted lease to pay ' half a 'boundary fence betwixt his leasehold area and the selector's converted lease ?' Answer : We : think not, under the Act of 1784, so Jar as the cost of erecting, but the selector is liable as a contributory toward the cost of mamtaing the fence. The Act says distinctly ' That no . holder of , an annual lease , under the Act of 1884, and jao . holder of any lease having less than five years to run shall be liable as a ?contributory under the fencing section (141st) . -' towards the original cost of fencing,- but, shall be liable as a contributory towards the cost «¥ maintain - bl-gngBucbfBncing.' Under the new Act, where exten «ions of leases havebeengranted,%the liability forcoBt ?j^l ^rectton of fencing will comeihf* D^.andG.H. (Nymagee). — 1. Shearing commences at itockhampton, Queensland, in September. 2. The : lenRtJi of the Fitzroy Jtiver from Rockhampton ^{wbMi^is at the head of navigation) to its mouth is ?'?vfctirfed in one work to be 30 miles, in another ^ojniles. The average breadth is not stated ; but the Fitzroy Bridge, a fine structure resting on piers, with five spans of 232ft. each, connects with North Rock hampton. 3. The country iinQueensland, -as regards the coastal districts, is fairly watered, being inter '? sected by numerous streams and rivers. Several of the rivers are broad and navigable for many miles inland. The banks are very fertile, hiving long stretches of scrub- bearing lands that, when cleared and cultivated, grow the sugarcane and other crops in abundance.. We have no information about the Fitzroy River specially,. ,. ;; : ..'.- . ..-._? W. M. iMoloiHB).^ By the Australasian United Steam Navigation Company's steamers the fares from SvJney to Brisbat e are : Single saloon, £3 ; return, £5; steerage, £1 5b. From Sydney to -Cairns: Single saloon. £9 ; return, £15 : steeraep, £6.~ From Brisbane to Cairns : Single saloon, £7 ; return, £12 10s. ; steerage, £5. Steamers leave Sydney for Brisbane on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at 5 p.m., and on Saturdays at 1 p.m. Steamers leave Brisbane for Cairns on Tuesdays at 3 p.m., and Saturdays at 1 p.m. A complete and very useful' 'Tosket Guide,' containing all infor mation respecting steamers' fares and dates, between all ports, railway and telegraphic information, nab fares, &c;, fee, in New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland, may be obtained from the agents, Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., Bridge-street. Inquirer (Bowning).— The following is a recipe_ for killing bugs : —Corrosive sublimate, loz. ; muriatic acid, 2oz. ; water, 4oz.' Dissolve, then add— turpen- tine, 1 pint ; decoction of tobacco, 1 pint. Mix. 'For the decoction of tobacco boil 2oz. of tobacco in a pint of water. The mixture mu«t be applied with a paint brush. This wash is a deadly poison. 'Ihe most certain way to destroy bugs is to put the bedstead into a close room and set fire to the following composi tion placed in an iron pot upon the hearth, having previously closed up the chimney, then shut the door; let them remain a day: — Sulphur, 10 parts ;v saltpetre, powdered, 1 part. Mix. Be sure to open the door of the room five or six hours before you venture* to go into it a second time. If you are living in a house lined with soft American pine, or any sort of pine, nothing short of saturating the wood with kerospne, or removing the wood altogether, or. burning the house down, will, in our opinion, suffice to eradicate the pest, as the wood breeds the bugs. Inquirer (Queensland). — There is no law to compel any one to have a child baptised, but every one who desiresitisentitled to haveachild baptised. Thatistne ecclesiastical designation of the ceremony, though it is familiarly called christening, .which i6a term really having a different signification. In the case of a dangerous illness of an infant the parish clergyman, or a qualified deputy, can be called upon to privately baptise the child, under a penalty of suspension from office for three months in the event of the nonfulfil ment, of the obligation; and when such private baptism has been porformed it is illegal to afterwards baptise the child in public ; but, if desiaed, it can be \- christened in public, for which ' a separate ceremony is provided. Any person, whether a clergyman or not, who sprinkles water upon a child, or immerses the child and says, ' I 'baptise thee in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' thereby effects a legal baptism, which, can be pleaded iu any emergency as effectual. ? ...' . ? . Justitia (Queensland). — 1. It is compulsory when registering the birth of any child to give all particu lars, including the names of the father and mother (even if ihe child ie illegitimate). . The child need not have any Christian name at the time, but when .. subsequently baptised the name so given, .is added io the .register. ... 1'he penalties under the Act areas, . follow :— ' Every person who shall offend against the Act by refusing or neglecting to give any notice ? or information required by any of. the sections, or by knowingly registering- any birth or death contrary to the provisions of any of the said sections, shall, for every offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds (£10). Every person who shall wilfully make or cause to be made for the purpose of being inserted in any register of births, . mar riages, or deaths, any - false statement touching any of the particulars required to be known and registered shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction thereof be subject to a fine not exceeding £200 with or without imprisonment with bard labour for any term not exceeding three years. The parent who makes the statements when registering is, we consider, alone liable for sucb declaration. 2. The child being over 12 months old (the marriage not yet having taken, place, ' although contemplated) is, of course, illegitimate, and always will be so, no matter when the marriage takes. place, and the register of the birth must always remain iu its original form. . The child after the. ni&triage; is, as we have Raid, still illegitimate, and therefore can have no legal claim to its father's estate the same as a child born in wed lock. However, the father, by will, can always leave such child whatever he wishes. 3. Call at the (registrar's office with the lady, go through the neces sary formalities, and pay him the fee (£1). The deed is done. W. H. (Glen Inhes).— To make Elder Flower 'Water (a lotion), add two. drachms and a half of elder . flowers to one quart of boiling -water, infuse for one hour, and strain. Use as a discutiont. To make black or white elderberry wine.— Gather the berries ripe and dry, pick them, bruise them with your hands, and strain them. S9t the liquor by in glazed eartnern vessels for 12 hours, to settle; put to every pint of juice a pint and a half of water, and to every gallon of this liquor 31b. of good moist sugar; set in a kettle over the fire, and 'when it is ready to boil, clarify it with the white of four or five eggs ; let it boil one hour, and when it is almost cold, work it with strong ale yeast, and turn it, filling up the vessel from time to time, with the same liquor saved on purpose, as it sinks by working. In a month's rime, if the. vessel holds about eight gallons, it will be fine and fit to bottle, and after bottling will be fit to drink iu 12 months. To make Ginger Beer : White sugar, 51b. : lemon juice, % pint ; honey, Jib. ; ginger, bruised, 5oz. ; water, 4£ gallons. Boil the ginger in three quarts of the water for faalf-an-hour, then add the sugar, lemon juice, and honey, with the remainder of the water; and strain through a cloth ; when cold add a quarter of the white of an egg, and a small teospoontul of essence of lemon ; let the whole stand four days, and bottle; it will keep for many months. This quantity will make 100 bottles; The honey gives the beverage a peculiar Boftness, and from not besng fermented with yeast, It is less violent in its action when opened, but requires to-be kept somewhat longer before use. 