AmONG THE THIBETANS. The missionary journal Chirm's Millions con tauis aui account by Mr. i'olhill- Turner ,of a journey &o; the Thibetan border of China.- vThree ilays'onifrom K wan-Ting, aays the writer, were almost entirely among Thibetans. The scenery was wryt fine, the land was all grazing laud, ex cept hare .and there among tlie mountains, wiioce tnere wax some tillage. Tho travellers passed -a iiumlier of Tliibutau villages. The iioineK were of one story with fiat roofs, sometime with a little room built on the top. They were all of mud, built in a square withita court in the middle. Iu each court- yarii,.'fchere is usually placed a pole with a white stripiaf linen, ou which is written a prayer. Tho 'Thibetan women seem to do 'a large share of the ,'wonk iu the fields, uml the men remaiu more 'indoors but perhaps this custom is local. Tho « women, are fond of bright colors, and curl their hair into a fringe of little plaits, at the end of which are attached heads and shells The men generally follow the Chinese custom and shave their heads. Tho second day after leaving Kwu.u-Tiug, towards eveniug the travellers tried to get an' inn, but: none of the Thibetans would receive them, as thoy feared the cuttle disease, which 'bad doue great harm at lCwan-Ting, aud so the /traveller encamped in the open air, under a little cluxup.of trees, by.a stream of clear water. Mr- J'oUiiiJt-Turner, who was accoiupauied . by his wife, >vsho is probably the ouly European- lady that has: ever b'eeu on the Chinese border of Thibet, describes, the people as very friendly. ; At Tsaba, a Mabomedan town. oil the borders of Kokonor, "the natives were much interested in us ;'we were in a large room", (vhioh was, at the satue time, the stable, kitcheu, ghost and family bedroom. Tho women caiae in late- froui the fields, aud 'immediately set to. work' to cook, tSic., for the whole family, and wore up and at work about daybreak next morning. . . , At Kwei-teh the first inn wo went to wis tenantlcsH, aud had no paper in -tho winitows and only lmlf a door. We were followed iu hy a crosvd, who were most . anxious at all costs to have a look at my wife. After waiting about on bj>ur there we could get - nothing, and tho landlord said ho did not want us, 'so we moved into tho town, to an inn the boy hnd found, at which some Russian explorers had stayed on a previous occasion. Our. friends, tho people, were glad to have a look at tho . foreign jady, aud followed; shouting and laughing. Our worn was a good one to rest in, and evening soon came on, for which we were not sorry. The following days my wife, had many visitors, very cordial aud simple they appeared, many of them bringing cucumbers <or other little presents. .-A good many had large feet, aud move about the streets an they like, with none of tho strict customs common to Chinese women about not going out. . , . It is a very small town ; most of the business, is done outside tlie city." From Kwei-teh . a road runs through Thibetan country south-east to Bas-ngan, three days ; then three days to Lah-rang, a Thibetan monastery; ' another through wild Thibetan country into Si-chuien . (Bung- pan). ' The travellers spent a week at Kwei-teh, and then left for Si-ning, on the Lhass-road. 