POOR AUNT PEB1 BY JANE MASON. Poor Aunt Deb! Yes, that was just what I thought as I read the superscription on the email bundle of papers I found in the cabinet in her room. "A page m a life's history—to be destroyed at my death. Fancy Aunt Deb with a secret of anyone s to keep. I always thought of her as leading a comfortable, placid existence, without even a knowledge of any tragedy or soul s trouble of any sort. Bat, however, heres something evidently out of the common— and as she left all her possessions to " My dear niece, Jane," I don't see why I should not share the secret, and see whether she really ever had an adventure, or what this precious bundle contains. I. Fifteen years ago I was sitting at my breakfast table waiting for Robin to bring me my letters, and any scrap of news he might have picked up from our rural postman ; congratulating myself meanwhile on the comfort and cosiness of my " ain ingle neuk" in this dreary November weather. When the letters came, however, my self-congratulations came to an abrupt end. On the top of the small heap was one from my brother in Lincolnshire:— " Nov. 10th, 184—. "DEAB DEB,—Would it be too cruel to ask you to come and stay a week with me ? Mrs. Kenworthy is bound to go to the help of her sick daughter, and I have no fancy for being left to the tender mercies of two giggling girls. I must also be away one night, as I am pledged to be away one night to preach at A , and cannot get home till early the following morning. " Your disconsolate brother, " WILLIAM GBAND." What could I say ? I should prefer not to go, decidedly. But when I remember his constant work in that lone, dreary parish, and how completely he depended on his old housekeeper for the few comforts he enjoyed, I could do nothing else but write and say I would be with him the next day. Accordingly in the early morning we started off, my maid, Marie, and I, by a train which landed us at the nearest station to Thorsville Rectory, just as the short gloomy day was sinking into darkness. No pony-carriage, no familiar face was there to greet me; but after some delay a conveyance was found, into which we scrambled^ and were taken slowly but sorely to our destination. Here, again, I found the housekeeper gone, my brother away on a preaching expedition, and no preparations for my arrival. All this I discovered afterwards to be due to the truant propensities of the small page who is intrusted with the postage of my letters. Feeling rather lonely aud very tired, I managed to get some refreshments from a hastily improvised " tea," and then settled myself down by a warm fire to ieBt till bedtime. " Please, ma'am, could you speak with a man at the door ? He wants the master, and says he must see someone." I followed the housemaid to the porch, and there saw an elderly, rough-looking individual with rather a pleasant, honestlooking face, and a style of demeanour and clothing that suggested a bargeman or one of those watermen so often met with on the canal banks. "Oh, missus, I wanted to see th' parson. We's in a bit of trouble, and I hears he's main kind to puir folk." "Well, my man, and what is it you want? He will not be home to-night. Can I do anything for yon ?" " Please, missus," was the astounding answer, " can you do a bit of naming ? We got a lass in our boat who's mortal bad ; and I dunna think the young un can last till morning. My old woman, she thinks a deal of that sort of thing, and says that there bBbby ought to be named at unst, if it's to be of any use." ' Well, my friend,' I answered, after settling in my own mind that he meant baptism, " I am afraid I can't do that for you—but perhaps to-morrow will be time enough." " I s'pose it must be then, ma'am j but I doubts whether either laes or babby will live till sunrise." Then it flashed through my mind what a dreary place it was to die in, and in a momentary impulse I offered to go and see if I could help either mother or child. "'Deed, ma'am, if you would come, Ira sure the old 'oman would be grateful; for this trouble came on us quite unexpected, and her has no food nor nothing fit for the poor critter." The country round Thorsville was all familiar to me by daylight, and I knew that after crossing two fields, and walking four or five hundred yards up the road, I should then only have to cross a stile to find myself upon the canal bank. So, after donning a good thick cloak and a warm quilted hood, and filling a basket with such things as I thought might be wanted, I prepared to follow my guide down to the canal. Then, telling the old man who acted as factotum in my brother's household to follow at a distance, I started off. The two fields grew longer than any four; the stiles seemed impassable barriers; and the road, when we reached it, looked endleBS, flat, bate, foggy, utterly silent, treeless, save for a few pollards standing standing here and there like dismal ghosts, with arms uplifted in a warning manner. How cold I grew! All the sympathy I had felt when standing in the warm, welllighted Rectory porch oozed out at my fingers' ends. But we Grands are no cowards by training or descent; so I determined to go on, only wishing in my heart that old Thomas wasn't quite so deaf and lame as I knew him to be. We reached the last stile, and climbing over it I saw the dark barge lying on the canal—a great lumbering object with only one ray of light in a sort of cabin, some- thing below the level of the deck. Crossing a shaky plank, in rear of my guide, I found myself face to face with an old woman not quite 60 pleasant- looking, and decidedly rougher in manner than my first friend. " Who be this, Jim ?" was a salutation not altogether cheering. However "Jim " told her in a few words who I was, as far as he knew, and then pushing open a little door she went down a few steps, and ushered me into a small apartment about 12ft. by 10ft. There, stretched on a miserable bed, with no covering save an old quilted counterpane and one or two filthy rugs, lay the most lovely girl my old eyes ever looked upon 1 Her small oval face, even in that wretched light, shone out in striking contrast with the sordid surroundings. Her soft hair lay damp and matted on her forehead, and the touching expression of hopeless resignation made by heart throb with compassion till I could find no words to speak. " I'm afeard her's mortal bad," said the woman pityingly, but roughly; " but I think her's sleeping now." Then, slipping down the coverlet, she went on: " The young un won't live an hour." And there, in the girl's arms, was a little waxen image of the mother, but oh % so white and wan, that even my inexperienced eyes knew the seal of death was upon it. "Who is she, and what brings her here?" I said, quite sharply, for I felt there could be no kinship between those two women. " Oh, it's all right, ma'am," she answered in a very reticent manner. " I was just giving her a lift in the barge, when she was taken ill. I've done the best I could for her." " But where, and who, are her friends f" I persisted. " Oh, ma'appen they ain't far off;" and as she spoke the girl opened her eyes wide, and I knew by the way she glanced at the woman that she trusted in her, despite the odd surroundings. My fears that she had been subjected to any ill-treatment at their hands subsided at once. Then, as her glance wandered on to me, I saw a sudden flush sweep over her face, only to die away as quickly to the deathly pallor that hadBO startled me. It's only a kind lady who has come to see you, dearie," said the woman. But as she spoke I saw the girl was lapsing again into partial unconsciousness, and I knew that if life was to be kept in her she must have proper nourishment at once. I then mixed her some arrowroot and wine from the store I had brought, and went round to the far side of the bed to lift her head. As I did so I noticed very distinctly a red triangular mark upon her throat; not freshly done, but evidently a life mark, but so clearly impressed upon the white skin that it remained in my mind after many other details of her appearance had passed away. Lifting her head gently, I fed her with the restorative, spoonful by spoonful, till once more the mist seemed to clear from her eyes, and I knew that she was gazing quietly and steadily at me. Fearing to excite her, I asked no further questions, but only settled her more comfortably in the bed. Glancing once again at the still sleeping babe, I emptied my basket of its contents, and, quietly drawing the woman outside the cabin door, told her I would return with my brother in the morning, and see what more we could do. woman looked at me very earnestly, and just said: " The Lord reward vou, ma'am •—good-night," and BO we parted. She disappeared into the cabin; and I, marching on ahead of old Thomas on my homeward way, wondered who the girl could be, and determined to know all about it next day. I awoke early, with my mind filled with my strange acquaintances of the night before. Dressing hurriedly, I proceeded to look out of my travelling trunk what clothing I conld spare, and made them up into a small package, not thinking it expedient to tell my maid too much about it till the matter was more fully explained. Ten o'clock struck, then half-past, then eleven, and still William did not come; so being able no longer to curb my impatience I started off again to the canal bank, witb Mary carrying the bundle beside me. When I reached it—lol no barge was there—not a vestige of anything save a trampled space on the bank showing where the old horse had wandered as far as his tether would allow; a few bits of refuse on the canal bank, and a deep indention in the shelving edge of the grassy towing path ? Perfectly bewildered, half fancying the girl, baby, bargee, and woman had all been a disordered dream, I retraced my steps to the Rectory, and there poured the whole story into the ears of my returned and halfsceptical brother. He was very kind and sympathetic, but I felt that he thought I had imagined the half of it, and that in reality the lovely girl was an ordinary bargee's daughter, and the trouble one that overtakes them only too often. ii. It was the Exhibition year of '51—a time when exhibitions were indeed marvels. That beautiful glass house in Hyde Park was to many the realisation of a fairy story, and all who could do so flocked up to London to see if the building large enough to enclose a growing forest tree was indeed to be believed in. I, too, had a great longing to eee this wonder; but when a woman closely borders on seventy years of age, and has spent most of those long years in the seclusion of a country home, she hesitates to trust herself into such a whirlpool as London was that year ! My hesitations, however, were all extinguished by receiving a most pressing invitation from Lady Grand, asking me to spend a week with them—promising me a sight of the Exhibition on the opening day •—a couple of dinner parties; and that the rest of my visit should be as gay, or as quiet, as I liked to make it. Never can I forget that opening day! The crowd—the brilliancy—the soul-stirring music—the quaintly-dressed Ambassadors from strange Eastern lands—the universal air of enjoyment and gratification on every face, made the scene one to be not easily forgotten. Then, again, the sight of our young Queen and he, noble husband, filling their exalted position so proudly and yet so gracefully, made my old heart quiver with loyalty, and I prayed God earnestly to bless them with many years of happiness together. What an endless day it seemed, and how rested I felt when I was once again in the quiet brougham driving back to Chester Square! " Aunt Deb, we are going to have a lot of nice people to dinner to-night, so be sure and get a good rest before eight o'clock," said my niece. " There is one person, in particular, I want you to see—Sir James Nigel's wife. She is reckoned one of the loveliest women in London this year." "Is she, Beatrice, dearV I said indifferently. " I hope her husband matches her." "Oh, yes, Auntie, he's good-looking enough, but snch a racketing, goodhumoured fellow. He's mora like a boy than a man, and she is, oh 1 so quiet and spirituelle- looking. They do make such a funny pair." "Who was she?" was, of course, my next remark. I have often wondered whether we women would not make that remark if we were introduced to an angel unawares. "Oh, she's a lady, Aunt Deb, but no one knew much of her till she was married. I think an artist's daughter, but certainly an orphan. She had lived for several years with her only living relative, a maiden aunt, who had a pretty little place down in a Shropshire village, where Sir James, before his father's death, used to go for fishing and shooting with a college chum. They are not much in town, for she prefers a country life, and be is devoted to sport of all sort; but when they are up we see much of them, for Tom and he are great friends." By this time we had reached No. 90, and I went at once to my room, and gave myself up to a well-earned rest, till my maid came in to make preparations for my appearance at dinner. The drawing-room seemed crowded when I entered, so I sat down near to the door till my niece came round to me bringing an elderly, grave-looking man to be introduced. When we were fairly settled down in our allotted places at dinner, I began to look about the table, and presently bethought me of the beauty. But there were so many epeignes and flowers between our vih-a-vis and ourselves, that for a time I coulfl see little but the crowns of the men's heads, and the elaborate head-gear of the ladies. The menu slowly dragged itself through, and then in a space made by the re- arrangement of one of the large dishes so much in vogue in the year of which I speak, I saw a face. A face that in one instant brought back to my mind with startling distinctness that night scene on the Lincolnshire canal —the dreary coal barge, the sick girl, and the dying babe. There was the self-same golden curly hair, the deep sparkling eyes, the lovely delicate skin, the broad brow. And yet, how could it be the same woman ? I thought of the simple cotton garment she wore, the miserable bed in which she lay, and then glanced again at the elegant attire of my opposite neighbor. The pale blue crape dress, the delicate bertha of French lace caught on the shoulder and breast with sprays of pink apple blossom. Round her neck a broad black velvet band, with a glittering pendant of opals and diamonds. My brain seemed to reel with the intensity of my bewilderment. And while I looked, as though my cup of wonder should be filled, I saw her raise her hand, and, evidently a relief from the heat of the crowded room, she lifted the velvet band around her throat, and then with perfect distinctness I noticed the triangular red mark. I suppose I must have attracted her attention by my earnest gaze, for I saw her grow restless and look at me again and again. Then, as if a curtain had been raised from the past, I saw too, in one instant, that she was present with me in that long-past scene. At last the weary meal drew to a close, and as I crossed the hall I heard a voice say very gently: " May I speak to you somewhere ?" Not trusting myself to answer, I led the way to my own room, and there, by the light of the small fire that was burning on the hearth, despite it being May- time, we looked at one another in perfect silence, till at last she spoke. " You remember me t" she said. " Yes," I answered simply. She was so fair to look at and so ^oo^-looking, in the highest meaning of the word, that I could not suspect her of evil; and yet what could I say? " That page in my life's history has become a dream," she went on; "a dream from which I thought there was no awakening this side the grave. Why! oh, why should it not remain so ? There are none now living. I believe none know it but you and me. It seems as though I should live through all that misery again in telling it to anyone." "My child," I answered gravely—for her six-and-twenty years seemed nothing to me who had passed so many more of life's milestones—'you may rest assured your secrct will still only lie between you and me, as far as I am concerned. But— do you do wisely or well to keep such a secret back from your husband ? A secret, too, which has in it so many elements of scandal and malice should it become known in any other way." She stood quite silent for a few minutes with the sad look deepening on her face. Then she turned suddenly and cried out: " You are right—you are right. I have acted as a fool, and sometimes the weight of it seems to drag me down, and yet I cannot tell my husband, though I love him so dearly. He is so young and su impulsive in character, though really older than myself, that he would never rest till someone was punished for that which can never be repaired. No ! I cannot tell anyone. And yet," Bhe went on, lingeringly, "I could not bear that you should think of me with anything but compassion. To you I owed my life that bitter night, when exhaustion and sorrow were slowly sinking me into my grave. I will tell it you." So saying, she slid down to therugatmy feet, and shading her face with one hand, holding mine tightly clasped in the other, she told me in a heartbroken manner of the sorrows of her youth. " My father was a distant member of a noble family; his wife a Hungarian girl, whom he loved for her beauty and goodness only. While life was sunny and bright for both, he steadily increased in fame as an artist of no mean order. But after her death, when I was but two years old, his grief and loneliness were BO great amongst a busy world, that he left his old associates and settled down in the lovely Lake country—painting just enough to keep the wolf from the door with the help of a small annuity that came to him from the family estate. " We had no neighbours save the kindly poor. He educated me solely himself. Constant association with a man of his culture, and life amongst scenery so elevating, taught me much that books could never teach, but I was certainly dreamy and unpractical. The only visitor I remember when I began to grow up was a man fiifteen years my senior. He was of genial, pleasant manners, and came from time to time to spend long summers in the village. Being a fellow artist, he ingratiated himself with my father until he became quite an authority in our small household. Whether they ever exchanged any confidences as to the reason of their l'ving such secluded lives, I cannot tell. But in course of time he gradually ceasd to leave the village at all; and I grew to obey and defer to his opinion as much as I did to that of my father himself. " Our daily life was so monotonous and simple that I never dreamed of change of any sort, and never thought that anything could occur to break the even tenour of our way. But ah! my friend, most cruelly was my belief shaken. A day aame in which the shining sun had no more warmth for tne—the sweet eights and sounds of life fell on deafened ears! " It was my seventeenth birthday, and we three had planned a drive of many miles to IJllswater Lake, and then a day of boating and sketching. I, in my excitement, had risen early, prepared the breakfast, and planned what preparations old Elizabeth snould make for our evening meal, when I thought how slow my father was in coming down. I ran upstairs, singing as I went, and entering his room, with a jest upon Ids laziness, I found him —how? Dead! Still and cold, just as he had laid himself down to rest. I thought he bad fainted. " Death had never come near to me, and I knew not the strange visitor. True, my girl-mother's death had often been alluded to by him, but in such a simple, tender manner that I only thought of her as just removed one step from us—one step higher on Jacob's Ladder that reaches from earth to Heaven : God's good angels nearest to Him, and our lost friends just beyond the clouds. " I cannot now tell you all his departure meant for me. Our home was broken up, and what little fund was realised was to be the means of taking me to an aunt who lived all alone in wilder parts of Shropshire. " Then John Verney, who, in the time of emergency, had made all arrangements for me, and whose sympathy and care was so doubly precious in my loneliness, asked me if I was willing to be his wife and continue to live in the north county, which my father's grave made dearer to me than any spot on earth. I look back now with wider-opened eyes, and wonder how even I, in my utter ignorance of the world's ways, could have agreed so quickly; have consented in two months' time to vow in our little church to be the wife of a man I really knew so little of. "For another twelvemonth all went well, and I was as happy aB I could expect to be, considering the ever-present sense of my father's loss, when a horrible awakening came to me. I found that I was no wife at all. Another woman, years ago, had married him, and to escape her temper and extravagance he had fled and left her. Long had she sought him. And now in this quiet spot, under an assumed name, where he had lived first as our neighbor, and then as my husband, she found him once again. Oh I that scene in all its bitterness, how it comes to me again! I listened to their words till my heart stood still to hear and I fled to my room. " I remember a dim, indistinctive feeling that now my father's sister was all I had to trust to. Half-unconsciously, driven on by some mad impulse that came I know not how, I gathered together a few of my possessions, emptied my childish moneybox of the little hoard that had been accumulating for years, and in the dim twilight stole out from that cottage a girl no longer, but an outraged, despairing woman. How the long toilsome journey comes back to me now! I travelled partly on foot, and partly by coach when such accommodation was to be met with, till I found myself at last on the outskirts of a large town through which a canal ran. On its banks I have still a recollection of resting before I sought a shelter for the night. God knows why I chose so dreary a spot for a resting place ; but He, in His mercy, brought me honest friends where least I might expect to find them. There, on that lmely water's edge. I realised how nnfit and unable I was for such a journey. I suppose I must have fainted, for I remembered nothing more till I found myself in the small cabin, which for many days sheltered me from certain death. " The old boat woman, with the tenderness of the most noble lady, had seen me there; and guessing, doubtless, from my travel-stained look that I was a stranger in the place, had taken me in and done her best to restore me to consciousness. Then I told her as much as I could of my story, and being unable to move I lay there till the tiny babe, which should have been the source of so much joy and thankfulness, was ushered into this world of sorrow amidst these strange surroundings. The good woman told me its hours were numbered, and that if the barge could reach some village in time, she should send for the clergyman and have it duly baptised." " But why didn't she tell me that, and wait next morning to see what we could do for you V' I said. " Ah, I can scarcely tell. I remember your face of compassion. And then, in the early dawn, when I was gaining some little strength, I found we had travelled many miles down the canal, as the barge was obliged to reach a certain place by the following day. My poor little child had breathed its last, and when we reached the unlading place, she and her husband arranged for its burial in the appointed place in their own names. I stayed in their humble home for some weeks; and then after giving them all the little sum of money I possessed, save what I needed for my journey to the country town of A , I left them with my heart full of gratitude for their compassion to a lonely stranger, and found myself in a few hours at my aunt's door. * How pleased she was to see me, how she recognised me by my likeness to her long-estranged brother, it is unnecessary for me to tell you. But I could not unburden my heart of all its sorrows; they seemed too deep for words to tell. And she, good kind soul, never enquired very much, thinking I had stayed with friends or neighbours. So the matter sank quietly into oblivion. Her delicacy of health was so great that my presence and service came to her as a priceless boon. Amidst new scenes and the quiet peaceful atmosphere of the invalid's room, the old wounds, that had cut so deeply, slowly healed over. "Six years slipped away, and then, amongst the circle of friends who brightened our quiet lives, I met my husband. He was to me such a revelation of happy, joyous life, that had known no sorrow or gloom, that my saddened heart seemed to gain fresh life and vigor from hiB presence. In another year we married, and to this day I have never lifted the veil from that dreary past. The boatman and his wife I could never hear anything more of. They were both old and talked of returning to Scotland to end their days amongst their own friends. Of you I had but the faintest recollection, never having heard your name ; but the good woman told me how the nourishing food and stimulants you brought seemed to give me the power of struggling back to life again." " Most willingly will I do everything I can for both of you," I answered. " But be sure, too, that my lips are for ever closed on this subject to all the world beside till that day when all secrets shall stand revealed." From that hour to this I have never seen her again. Whether she ever told her husband, I cannot tell; but this I do know from my neice, that she and Sir James are still all in all to each other happy in their beautiful bome; happy io the possession of children and hosts of friends. May God ever keep her so I I had listened to her story almost without comment It was so strange, and yet not quite improbable; while of the truth, the absolute truth, of every word I could entertain no doubt. Her manner of telling it had truth unmistakably stamped upon it. I conld not, however, refrain from urging her once again most earnestly to seek some* opportunity of telling her husband all she had told to me. For * time my words had no effect. Then, suddenly throwing her arms around me, Bhe 6aid: "I will! I will! 'I know he loves me dearly; and with your help and testimony, if he likes to prove it all, he can do so." I dropped the papers in astonishment. What an odd story! To think of Aunt Deb being dragged into such a romance as this! There must have been something more in the old lady than I ever gave her credit for, or how could she have oarried such a secret with her to the grave % I, with the more flippanttendencies of the present day, must have found out the end of it all—whether she told her husband; •whether he ever came across the perfidious Yerney—and perhaps I should have ended by creating a disturbance that would have furnished gossip for the society journal for months to come. I think, however, I still have the grace to see how much nobler and wiser was the reticence of poor Aunt Deb. —Argosy. 