CONFIRMATION AT WALCHA. Scsbat, May 12, was appointed by his Lordship Bishop Torreggiani for the ad ministration of the Sacrament of- Con firmation at Walcha. The Rev. A. W. Petre undertook the congenial work of looking up and preparing the candidates within a circuit of 20 miles, travelling from house to house through the wild so litudes of the bush for the previous fort night, like a good shepherd seeking for his wandering flock. Uncongenial skies and downpouring rain tried to throw dis couragement on the work, bat Saturday and Sunday morning rose bright and fine and groups of horsemen and well-filled buggies were s'een wending their way to the pretty little town so snugly nestling amid the hills. The Catholic Chapel at Walcha, dedi cated to St. Patrick, is an exceedingly pretty little building, standing high above the town and commanding a lovely pros pect of green pastures and circling hills and the pleasant homesteads of happy and prosperous families.. The interior of the Church is very charming. A stained glass window jn the sanctuary sheds a soft I ened glow of light over the high altar, aud on either side of the sanctuary arch are smaller altars with beautiful statues of Our Lady and of St. Patrick. It is evident that the Catholics of Walcha love their little Church, for it is kept in a state of extreme cleanliness and neatness, and the altars are adorned with a profusion of | flowers beautifully and tastefully arranged. ' On Sunday morning, at 8 o'clock, the Bishop offered up the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and a large number of young people, who had been under instruction, for the first time approached the altar to receive their Lord in Holy Communion. The Mass at II o'clock was said by Father Petre, and the little chape^ could scarcely contain the crowd of worshippers; the con gregation overflowed into the porch and even outside the walls. The Bishop preached from the text—" A little while you shall not see Me, and again a little while and ye shall see Me." His Lord ship compared the " little while" of which our Lord spoke to the short span of our life on earth, where we are in exile, far from our true home, and impressed upon his hearers the great importance of pre paring for the time when we shall see our Lord in our true home in heaven. He spoke of the many helps and aids that God had given us to prevent our losing the way to him; chiefly in the Holy Sa° craments of the Church which Jesus Christ ordained to give us grace and strength in our toilsome way through the perils and temptations of the world. His ; Lordship said that in the Sacrament of Confirmation about to be administered the Holy Ghost would come down upon those who knejt before the altar, not in visible form as on the day of Pentecost, when he rested,' in the appearance of tongues of fire, ou the heads of the Apos tles and disciples; but not less really would he come with his seven-fold gifts into their hearts and seal them with a mark that would never be eflaced, and that would remain on them through life and for good and evil to all eternity. Af ter the sermon the confirmation pro ceeded, and fifty-one candidates knelt in succession to receive the Holy Rite. In the evening a very large congrega tion again assembled in the little Church on the hill, when the Rev. Father Petre addressed them, taking for his text— " We brought nothing into this world and we can carry nothing out." £; Human life," said the preacher, "is like the course of a stream that rises in the hid den depths of the bills and flows into the great ocean, where it is lost and merged in the mighty waters. In its conree the leaves float upon its surface; if gathers one thing here and another there, and sweeps along in its current many a trea sure from its banks, but none of these be long to it or are a part of itself; it does not pause to gather them into its bosom, but flows steadily on its way. So we seem to possess many things as the years go on, we grasp at pleasures and riches and profit, and think to bold them fast, but death comes; we enter the great ocean of eternity, and all we loved and prized here is as though it had never been. There is but one thing, and one only, that we can hold and keep, and that is the love of God and the works we do for Him." The rev. preacher closed his ad dress with an earnest exhortation to se cure in time this only possession and trea-' sure which they could take with them when this short life is over. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by the Bishop, and thus con cluded a day that will be long remem bered by the good Catholics of Walcha and the neighbourhood. -Communicated. 1 