SHIELLIAR1BOUR. (ROni Oni CORi'.ESPONDENT.) A CONCEecT in aid of feuede for- thbe loal cricket club was hold in the Temperance Hall Shollharbour one Tuesday evening 119th instant and was a decided success. For some tieeo past Mr. A. Dottmor and others have been woelcicng with a will and their efforts hlave boon crowned with success, The first itoe wees c pianoforto duet by the Misses Hoy and Lindsey which wee recidered ie a pleasing mcunocc. The chairs waol then occupied for the remainder of the first part of the proermncue, minstrelsy being tihe attraction. Mr. J. Inskip acted as " Johnson," acd Messrs. Fenwick and Lynch as coreor mcn, There wore also on tice cheirs Maessis. Cermody, Thomas, HIoldern and Datticaro. r. C. Irish pro sided at tlie pianc, Songes, chorusas, and gcsgs were givan and well received, tile whole winding up with the Ghost scoiso, Aftcr a slight intercaission Mr. Wood stopped forward as chairman of the concert end neade a few remarks about its object, and also about the local crlckcet club. Misses Hey ancd Lindsay again favoueed the audience with another of ticoir becautiful salectionsc. Mr. 0. Rut sel then gave a song, " Troubles await ysiu ecy Boy," and was in fins voice, roceiv inegenoncore, Mr. II. Thomas' song, with Banjo accompeniment wabsthe eOeg Of fiss vecninc " H'is Lordship winked at the Counsel." In this soeig Mr. Thomas' fine voice mingled sweotly with the ]anjo and the result was imost vociferous encore, which was duly ycinowclwdged. Mr. Cer nody's song aced denco was much appreci ated and lee rectied ace encore. Mr. Inskip sang in good style M'Sorley's Twins and in response to an oicora gave the last verse, Mr. E. Carmocly icxt scncg and did well. " Dear little Shccmrook," by Mr. Dettmer wes pleasingly recelerod. Mr. Fonwick was very amusing in his Stump Spoech. Mr. H oldern broughet down the hcouse with Isis song "' Kissiing," and was encored. Me'. Russell sang ic leues ussuccl good style " The Fisheorsman ecned Isis Clild." Mr. Thomas again came in for much c ple ause and an encore with "Papa's Baby Boy." Messre. Fenwick and Inskip followed with a comio splech and this concluded the second part of tlce prgoceme. Farco-The Star Rostau cant - by Messrs. Ponwick, Dettmer, Lynch, Gallon, Inskip, Lseis, and others woacied up thle programme and was well performed, briisging a good evening's entertainment to a close, About £17 10s was taken at the door. Daneing was then indulged in for some time. TcuE race between C', Butch and L. Wiles for £10 aside, ocs Satuirday last, over tlie Parrametta coursn, recsulted in another vic tocy for DuBch. Wilos' boot again capsized whsen 5 lfengths ahead, and Dutch simply pulled over the remainder of the course. Mu. WILcIua CA ouscO S, an old and well-known resicuent of the distriet, died at his residence, Longbrush, on Sunday night last, Is had reached the age of 71 years, aid was a member of the Church of Eet land, The funeral will leave his late rose dence for Porter's Garden Cemetery at 2 o'clock to-dat'. SpeccAc aftecetion is direoted to the pro granemo in to-day's issue for Mr. Phillips' concert. We have boon requestod to stata that persons desirous of assisting the move 'ieot, and who may ceot be able to attend tlheecoecert, may forward donations to the T'oasuror, Mr. G. I. Softon, Kiama, which will be thankfully received and duly eo knowleded,. Special mcetisgs of thee borough coun eils of Wollof Welongeuceg, oth 1 llawarra and Ccntral Illewarra were held at WollongnO g on Friday night last for the purpose of electing commissioneors to represent the different bocoughs on the WollonnOag Iarbour Trust Board. Mr. W. Wiley (Mayor) and Mr. Archibild Campbell ware elected for Wollongoneg Mr. A. Parsons (Mayor) for NorthlIlioworre, and Alderman John Richicrds for Contral Ilcwerim, There are four commissioncre yet to be elected to colerosOnt the ehipuwnIers, coalownors, mar chants and traders before the beard will be cccplelate. For tlese offices there are cel ccdy soaral candidates in the field, and lee contest for the eatsen s expected to be vory Ihon, Wn beg to notify that Mc. FREDEx Ic loLLwAy. DBectist, of -1.73 Elizabeth Street, Hyde Pork, Sydney, visits Kiacma the first Friday in eachce onth, Consultations at luesoIl's Royal Botel, Artificial teeth in serted nithout pain or inconvenience. Artcculation and mastication perfected, and the youthful featuires rcstored. The best workimanship, combined with a perfect fit, gurancteed. His neet visit will be on Fridcsy, DBaomnber Oth, One trialwill ean vineo oen the most fcstidious.-Asy. IIoLrOaWAY'S PILLS.--snty dyspoptio suf ferer awaro of the purifying, regulating, and gently sporiont roers of these Pills, should peermt no one to cloud his judgment or to warp sis course. With a boe it IIollowav's Pills, and attention to ifs as companyng ' BDiroctions," he may feel thsroouglly satisfeci thut he can safely tend offectually release himself from his. ceiseries withost Lmpairicng his aVpetit or w'eeken ing Iis digestiou. This most excellent muedicine acts as a nervine and bodily tonic by aiding icutrition, and banishes a thou sand annoyicg forms of nervous complaints. An occasiocecel resort to Holloway's remedy will prove highly salutary to all persons, whetheor well or ill, whose digestion is slow or imperfect, a condition usually evidenced y woarinces, languor, listlessness and des pondoncy.-Anc. 