HE RODE TO WIN. 1 1 did not know you had so much xiootry in your composition,' observed Mrs. Anstruther languidly. , Leila Mafsdcn arranged tho dolicato laoo at her wrist with an air of abstraction. 1 Ho is very goou-iooKing ana no rifles nplonilmlvy biio said, and ho — or — ho uoes lovo mo to distrac tion, you know.' ' As_ many others probably will do boforo your timo is over, my dear ; but that lias nothing to do with tiro casu. You must got married, iindTompIo is just tiro limn for you. An lot tho other ono. he'll got over it iu time ; thoy always do. You are surely not going to troublu your silly littlo head about liim ?' Miss Marsdou roso anil walkod across tlio room to tlio verandah. ' I'll think about it,' slio said, half turning tn tbo doorway to glanco hue!: at Inn' sister. ' I'll think nbuiit it, and I'll lutiko tip my mind this ovoiiing. Tliero ! I can't promiso moro than that, can 1, Rose? You are satisfied, aren't you ?' ' Yes, I mil satisfied,' replied Mrs. Anstrii- llior ; and, as slio dozod through tlio long after noon tliat followed, she nliowoil her tister to tigitra vorv prominently iu hor dreams us tiro wifti of Major Tomplu Arburton, of tho Hussars, and future barouut. Sizivabad is famous for its xirotty girls ; but pvolrie-i, ami most striking of all was Leila iMiirsdeii at the race ball that night. ' Itace ball' is, perhaps, too big a term to be properly applied to it; but tho arrival of a eouplo oi regiments on thoir way to tlio frontier had stirred up Sizirabail to sports on threo days of tho week, tlio l'aco ball intervening. 'You'll coino down to seo the finish to morrow, Miss Marsdou ?' asked Tommy Campbell, tho wit of Sizirabad, as ho strolled up to Leila that ovening and askoil lior for a dance. There's tlio cup l'aco coining off, you knew, nud tho ladies' handicap, and thu raco Willqugliby rides to win— tho ouo with the lady a3 pfizu.' ' What do you moan ?' askod Leila, laugh ing- . ' Eq moano tlio . ladies' prizo raco,' said Major.'Arburton, standing qldso' behind hor,, ami glbwGviug at Campbell overlicrshuuUleiv"' ' Anil is- Mr. Willoughby quite likely to win it?' uakod Leila, somowhat indifferently. ' The hotting is all on liim ; but ho's got a ticklish mount, anil I dou't liko Dint left-hand corner of -tlio course. With a pulling horso nud a vicious Inuto into the bargain, you stand a rare chaiico of juiuiiug tlio liedgo and dis appearing down tlio precipice. Can't inmgino why they don't urrnugo tilings better iu this outlandish laud ; but thou I novor have scon tho advautuges of India. Bog your pardon, Flics Mnrsilen, didn't munu a pun.' And ho disappeared among lliu dimccis with a comical look on liis faco, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to hor partner. ' How odd ho is !' slio said. ' By the way, what hoi so is Mr. Willoughby going to riilu tu- uiorrew in uiu mules ruco ; ' One of mine — Muzeppn. You Boom to tako a great interest iu that fellow Willougby' (jealously). ' Not at all. Ho is ratbor a friend of my sis- tor's,' refilled Loilu carelessly. ' Aru not vou going to rido iu this iutcrostiiig raco, Mujor Ar burton ?' ' If you wish it (vory tondorly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). Tiro inixod sentiment jarred on Loila; but bo wns rich, in a good regiment, with excollcat prospects. What mattered it that ho wits far beyond thirty, und no longer so slim ob ho liad been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, nud lio had no choice, ami so, long boforo tiro ovening wns ovor, pooplo woro whispering to gether concerning Miss Marsdou and Major Ar burton, and a report flow about that lie had proposed und boon accepted. '1 ho truth or otlrorwiso of such' statements was not to bo road on Leila's face. To ull out ward obsorvanco slie wus as calm aud haughty nud beautiful ns over. Nono know that slio looked at her programme over mul over again, to muko sure tliat tliero was no mistuko, mul that tlio initials ' C. 0. W.' scrawlod against tlio fifteenth vulsc made lior await that dauco with a sickening heart. Itcnmo ut lust. Tho baud struck up tho strains of a well-known value, tlio room began to fill, und prorontly Leila Marmlou, with jialor chocks than usual, and a strange boating of tbo heart, wus floating round with Churlio Wil loughby as partner. ' .Shall wo sit tiro rest out ?' ho askcil, wlron tlioy paused at length. Leila bent lior lioad iu assent, mid thoy passed out of tho room oil to tlio long, low vcr- nnduli, somowhat to tiro dismay of lier sister, who had watched ttiom migorly whilo together. Tho moonlight throw tlio girl's palo faco nnd tall, slight figure into strong reliof against tiro dark verandnli background. Cbarlro Willouglibv lennod against a pillar overrun with croopcr, and looked at her fixedly. Ho mado no oxcuso for himsolf, nor did ho liroak tlio silonco between tliom. His eyes sourcliod lier faco ns though lio would road thoro what ho durcd not trust him solf to hear. ' iProsontlv Loila spoko. Her voico soundod' faint and far away, ovon to hersolf. ' I hear,' sho Baid iiloailiugly, ' that you are going to rido a very vicious liorso tomorrow in tlio ladies' prizo raco. Plcaso don't rido it; plouso do not.' 1 And I hear tliat you nro engaged to marry Major Arburton' (without tlio slightest wofor- onco to her appeal). 'Is thut truo, Loila, oris it not ?' ' Slio looked down mid traced a littlo pattom on tlio etono floor with hor foot. 'Is it truo, or is it not ?' lie repeated fiorcoly. Sho lifted her oyos to his, nnd saw tlioro tlio passion which trembled in his voice. 'Don't bo angry; oh, do not!' slio criod, putting up hor hmul with a depreciating gesture; 'tlioy havo mado mo do it. I nm a burden to my sistor, you know ; anil I couldn't stand it miv longer ; nnd ho iH not eo liad ; but .1 lovo you tiro host— oh, so much tlio host! You -know it ; only I— I— I am so misorahlo.' ' 'Doubtless,' ho so id grayoly, never for an instant removing bis oyes from tlio fair, piteous faco; ' so am I— vory.inisorablo, bo havo I been for tlio past month ; but my misory doosn't seom to touch you much. So you nro going to mnrrytliis Crposus, this elderly future baronet, anil throw mo over quite, nro you, Loila?' Slio twisted nnd untwisted her hnndB nervously, but mado no reply. ' And you are good enough to tako sufficient interest in mo to wish mo not to break lay nock to-morro\yr! . Sho was still silent. Vory good. Then listen to me. I rido to-' morrow, and I rido to win, and you are .to be the prize; Yes, you— do not look eo startled— yon ! 1 rido to win, or I ride to— novor mmd tluitpnrtaf tho business. If I win I shall con sider you mmo m spito of nil tho Major ' Arburtons in tho world. If not— do you under stand tlio alternative, Loila?' Sim bent, her head. Could sho avoid under standing it? ' It lies with you,' lio wont on steadily. ' You know my horso, you know the racecourse, you know nro. If to- morrow borern starting' you hid mo ndo to will, vorv good : if not— Tho music has bogun again. .Shall I tako you buck to your eldurly future bnroneti'' - ' My dear Loila,' what nonsense!' cried Mrs. Anstruther. ' Rub your cliooks, child, and drink tliiov.-iuo. You look as whito mm ghost; aud about an unlmpiiy. Not go to tlio races !. You will havo cveryono saying it. is nil off again, just as it is all on. It is too aggravating ot you really.' It wus tlio day following the ball. Leila, in hor sister's room, was utterly refusing to accompany lier to tho racccotiro, and equally positivo in hor refusal to seo Major Arliarton. ' I know what it is.' Mrs. Anstruther wout on angrily ; ' that hoy has boon talking lion- Hcnsn to Vou. It was too foolish of you to givo liim a dancolast night. If I had known of it I should havo taken yon homo most cer tain! v.' lio did uot talk nonsoiiso, nud ho is not foolish, nor is lio a hoy,' cried Leila, vehe mently : mul then sho gavo way, and relapsed illtn cnmniiR wnnmnrr ' At any rate, hu is onlv a suli-hmitonantpuid cannot possibly luivo more than five hundred a yonr. And what is more, lie doosn't iiicun it seriously with vou. If you throw over Major Arburton now vou will bo throwing him over tor a mora shadow. Everybody knows what a llirt Clmrllo Willoughby is. Hu makes lovo to ovory girl ho moots.' ' That isn't truo !' oxolaimud Leila with an affort at drying lior tears. ' H'm 1 How about Fanny Hope, and ono or two others I could mention ?' Silcnco. 'And liow nboutliis iloblsi" Silence. 'And his gambling— and that actress, and ' - . Leila sprang to lior foot. . ' I won't listen \ v(-: any moro!' slio criod. ' I do oaro for liim, nnd\'.:-'fe&. I linto Major Arburton, and I won't marry lum, - and I will not go lo tho races to-d:iy. ' Mrs. Anstruther grow palo. Shu folt lior loot chanco was going. 1 Then I shall liavo to re mind yon,' slio said firmly, ' that I cannot support all my brothers nud sinters all thoir lives. I did my best fur Nell, aud I am doing my boat for you. You seem to forgot tliat I have children of my own to he brought up. I counted on your limrrving as soon us possiblo. I did not count on your throwing up a rcuuoii- ablo chanco.' It was enrol, but it lmd its effect. Loilu turned vcrv whilo, tliou slio moved to tbo door. ' I will go with you,' sho suid, scarcely ubovo u M'lll'flllflP Tho ladtOH prizo raco waa tho next on tho programme. CoiiBiderablo cxci lenient pre vailed among thu fiur bcz an to who would win it. Leila alone &ut; calm and uiunovcd umong tho spoetn torn. Shu did not teem to hear or seo anything, till suddenly thoro was a littlo utir and hustle, and inurmuru of ( Of cotiroo he'll win,' 1 He's suro of tho race,' 1 1 feel inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Willeughbv, you Took ho liko winning,' olc. Tho hero oi the race took littlo notico of such liko remarks. Ho mado his way to Luila and bent low ovor her. Wlueli is it to be he askod. For an instant earth and s!:v reeled round her, thon her brain cleared, ami she saw his faco, resolute, handsome, despcrato. Sho hesitated for ono instant, Iheu sho spoko : 4 Bido to win.' Tho words wero so low ho could scarcely honr thorn, but when ho turned away there was a Biniio in h s o/cs. Tho horses aud their ridora wero drawn up in a line. Leila straiued her evtw to watch every movementof Mack and wnite. Mr. Willoughbv's colours. Mas'.cnp.i iiugoled and caught at tr.o bit. There w.ik «mu« liMle debv, then the i'rty was dropped ; f.huy were o 17, At lii'si breathless silonco, then growing excitement, ino course wns a small one, auu tho raco wa3 to be run twice round. Major Arburton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a' ihanl: Ijoil:' nHMuxeppa passed tim dangcvouB corner in satety forthu first tnuo. 4 Dines to the front; no, vol low h pushing up ; no, that's Mcldon. fj'tick to it Meldon. "Willoughby s punaed htm. Uv.lovo! lie's got his won: cut out lur him with lhat horso. >«ow they're neck und neck. (Jood race. 'No, Willoughby's giuumg; no, Mcldon; no— by heaven' A screiun from one of f lio Indie?, a general consternation in the grand stand, a midden ccsmtion of interest in thn race. Charlie Willoughby rode to win. but the providence ho bad dared revenged itsch on lum. Mnzoppa had forced the hit betwoon Ins teeth, pined away from tho conrso, und, leaping tho frail protec tion of a liedgo which separated it from tho . sido of tho hill) had diaappcarod with hiB ' v., ridor. f Itwus a narrow shavo, nnd no nustako,' said Clmrlio "Willoughby, going ovor the Ktorv for the hundredth tuno witli his wife the socond month of their marriage. But tho best purt ot it nil was when I knelt down beside you ami would not leave you,' laughed Leila. 'I Khali never forget Major Arhuitou'H face, nor his words next day, whou he iold tno all win over between uh. und that tho best thing I could do. after having made Huch un exhibition nl mysejf, wum lo liturry "that young puppy." ' 4 No," said Iter husband tenderly ; 1 tho best part of it all wiw that I rode to win, and that I <li«l win— u'luit. f mrirtt". v/iintnd— uiv wife.'— Lv/iiluii World, 