A COMPACT WITH THE " PIEHD. - 1 Whcn-jthe Hori. Lizzie; Fitz-f—^refused’ .Sir George.Pongo’sjjflei* of marriage he went home disconsolate. He was,a thoughtful, silent, and studious mail)’- Who lived in a cosy, bachelor home in Mayfair. Yes, hchad every luxury ; a large dark'library, a pretty drawing- room, and a comfortable hall, . in. ryhich he would often sit till the Nearly! hours of the morning, building castles in the aiv, of which Miss Lizzie was mistress, and lamenting the fate that would .not erect them of more substantial material. Being rather eccentric in the mode Of, living, he had but one servant, an Irish "soldier by' name Dougherty, and this man waited on him at meals, attended to his toilette, paid his bill, and was, in fact; major ddino. Sir George had taken him from Captain Dasher, when that worthy Hussar had gone .broke at baccarat, and had been compelled to give up keeping a servant; and to give up keeping himself in the manner he considered he ought to be. kept. Sir. George hated Dasher on account of Miss Fitz—’s unconcealed, admira ‘tioii for this reckless'officer, and also because ‘the ' broken-down soldier,’ as he was wont to describe him, treated the love- sick baronet with the greatest contempt, always laughing at him in a sneering, pitying: sort of way. Truth: to tell, Sir George whs a very plain-faced gentleman indeed.' It had been said that the knowledge of his infirmity had made George retiring, arid pre vented his accepting many, of the invitations which each London season brought, to him in shoals: —Bub hiS ugliness MdMjpyey given, -Lim »»o • ouuch .pulu’-tiS ’Oil' tUc - uiy./ WaCU the Hon. Lizzie Fitz-the. penniless daughter of..a :penniless Irish peer, had re fused him.' She laughed in his face; made a pretty grimace and a mock ciirtsey, and No, no, Sir George; I really am not handsome enough to risk such a mar MTon are the most 'lovely creature on earth,’ protested Sir George ; ‘ no woman in the world'could.be so beautiful-—:’; * Then we should be called Beauty and the Beast,’ Lizzie laughingly replied. ‘No, Sir George, I’m going to mrirryu handsome man; for, as I have rto money--,to'-spend-in going' about, I: shall want something pretty to look • at when we stay at homeiii the evenings.’ 1 He could get nothing but banter out of i her, so he pretended to laugh at licr humour, arid went awaylo dine alone, drink two or three extra glasses of sherry, and mope away I. the evening over George Meredith’s poems. Even these failed to keep him awake, and he slumbered sweetly in a big amt-chair, pre sently waiting with a start,' ns: he felt the presence of an unexpected somebody. And a curious apparition it was. There, leaning over the chair; ‘was a long, lartky ficrure of a man, attired in light-frttirrg black clothes; he wore black gloves and a black headdress, at least, so .it appeared to Sir George, as, in half-light, ho gazed on his •strange visitor. By no means a timid mart, the baronet, was1 mors^qajiiipuwfchfm-. . frigbtene'd'.' Presently UiejsTyiriger suokerr' / ‘‘ Sir George l’ongo,’-&r.srrl;(ly'ih1 a dull, low sepulchral voice; you. have' need ; of. me.. Your money is useless' to yon ; your brairts [ are being wasted; you want otto gift that Providence has denied you.’ Sir George was taken somewhat aback. The figure said-exactly what had been pas ,, sing in his mind when lie had fallen asleep over' Modern Love.’ .... , . , VYou want,’ proceeded ;.the I apparition, , ‘beauty. Am I right !" L [ ‘ Yes,’ gasped Sir Georgo;:‘ You are.’ He tried to recollect Hamlet’s speech to !.,the-.ghost,, but produced rather-apham iphase when lie said: 1 ‘Be you a spirit of heaven or hell; tell me, why you are heref’-! •Po gjve you what, you need. ■ You sum moned me.’ .• •' ‘I! Well, since you are hero .tell me 'what j‘ou fiaii do!’’11'-^’1 , . - "• Ohtkc’votlV- , Sir George -felt hej>VU3. in presenceo£ the supernatural, and tlirjt, he had nothing to. lose from; acbepting thennsitrirf the: best light; so, afiermpahsej.he aHkedaa". ‘ ' ‘What are: yotir .termf !’ ‘Sign this bond; find by, to-morrow- morn ing yon shall be behutiful in the eyes of the World, though iliicliauged in yonr own; and Lizzie Fitz—^^-tvill accept you.’ -rThcji producing a paper from his belt he repeated ‘ Sign; 1 am never invoked in vain, and you shall find my words to hold good.’ The thought of Lizzie crossed the baronet’s brain Great was the temptation. He took the pen, and again hesituted. Then, 'as if not to trust himself with reflection, he hurriedly signed the paper. The unknown lifted it, bowed, ami disappeared.. With strange feelings •: Sir Georgo'retired to bed, half afraid of the past, and half eager for the dawn, that he might prove the reality of the promised metamorphosis. When Dougherty came into Sir George’s room at the usual hour -on-the 'following morning he almost dropped the shaving water as he gazed upon hishnastar.: •The Pope’s blessing oil your honour, and whatever have you done to yourself!’ said he. ■ • ■ “ ' ‘Done?’ repeated Sir George; ‘nothing; why, what is the matter2’. ‘Your honour looks so different, so—if I might so—handsome and. iiligant.’ Sir George at once proceeded to the house of his adored. ‘I have to repeat my question of yester day.’ said Sir George ; ‘ I will be a kind, good and devoted husband, 'even if I "am ugly’ • ... ‘But you are not, George dear,’ replied the fair one. ‘I never said .you were to me, only people said so, and—and—’ The rest of the sentence took the form of hand-press ing, and Sir George Pongo, after loitering a good while, kissed the upturned cheek of . the woman he loved and walked out into the street the affianced husband of the Hon. Lizzie Fitz. On that same even ing, while Sir George, for a change, was deeply engrossed in the love affairs of Guinevere, the npparaition quietly opened the door and walked in. , .. ' ‘If 'you marry Lizzy Fitz—, you will die at the church door,’ it said, and disappeared as noiselessly as it had entered. Oh ! terrible. This was a fearful shook to Sir George. Just as his fondest hopes seemed likely to he realised they were .dashed so the ground. What did he want good looks for unless to succeed in his suit with .Lizzie .? This they, had; dime, and now this .vindictive fiend had frustrated all his plans for the future, - Sir George •Pongo did not want to die at the age of thirty, and he did not- want to marry a lady whose society he would -enjoy for only a few seconds afterwards. ..Nor could he very well, explain circum stances, for Lizzie was a sad hvag, and he would only make liimself the laugh ing stock of all .lijs friends if he gave1 out "tliiCTiis'-'iitVi-.y acquired been obtained thrdfUgn an unhoLy'alliance. with the fiend, Dougherty told him that he looked as well as he did yesterday, so he behaved -like a sensible man who lias got into a mess and wants to get out He wrote to Lizzie Fitz—informing her that business would take him from Bng laud for many months, perhaps years, and that, in spite of his undying regard for her, it was, impossible that they, could meet again" for a long time. Under,-these circumstances he felt sure that their- last conversation had better be forgotten, but 'that if she 'had anything -to say, would she write to the Grand Hotel, Paris, from whence all letters would be forwarded to him. And the Morning Post annotmetd that Sir .George ,Pongo had left England for .a voyage round' the world. He- dijl; not go quite so .'far as.-that.’- But lie paid a hurried visit to India, spent a month at Constantinople and arrived in Paris again, • four months after his departure. Here he [.found letters waiting for liim. One was from' hisbankers, announcing that they •had duly honored his promissory note, for i £2,099, which1 left him their debtor to the ''amount' o£ £001). “A forgery,” exclaimed Sir George, , “I have given no such note.” and ho ! telegraphed to his solicitors, Sleety.pc at Dover,” and wrote 'tew: the; bankers for further information. Then ho turned to his other letters, and found one in a hand writing lie knew and loved so well. But for the presence of half-a-dozen, waiters he would have pressed the precious .envelope to liis lips. Ho read the letter instead. ’ It’was as follows . a • 779, Kaybury-strcet, Belgravia. My dear Sir*George,—-I know that you, as one of my best friends, will be glad to hear that I have married Freddy Dasher, late of the 87th- Hussars. The dear -boy -got a windfall of :£2,000 from somewhere of other, and has already started in business as a book maker. With your, patronage and re commendations, which I am sure I can depend upon, I believe, and .think, he will do well. Hoping; totsec'.iybfii soon,:y ;• . • 1 Believe me,1 ’ dear’•'Sir'I'‘Ge6fge',':‘over Lizzie Dasher (nee Fitz——). P.S.—Next time you sign a bond . for the fiend, .had you'not better read it,first ? “' . ;:P,P.S.-4Now that dear Freddy 7is up'- in .the'world, ingain, of course he wants a servant, and lie has taken Doiighcrty back again. I do hope you1 won’t miss him Sir George did not post .the. Jotter to liis bankers, and) he countermanded the inr ntructions to hisisollcitors. He fins ceased to .care much about ;his personal.appearance,': 