Our Queensland Letter. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Brisbane, Thursday Night. Our PI'arlinnament. TRnRE have been plenty of shadowy vapouriugs in Parliament during the past week, but very little substantial work. Two nights were taken up in wrangling, over tile Amended Land Bill, the point of discussion being. whether the freehold of agricultural farms shlould be reduced from ten to five years, which, in the. end, it was. The Northern members on both sides of the House 'united to defeat a motion of tlhe Minister for Railways, to oaccept the plans for thie Drayton deviation, as they con sidered Southern Queensland was elbowing the North out of particit ation in the Govern ment'u railway policy. By this action the op. portunity to reduce the journey to the New South Wales frontier by an hour and a hIalf was lost the colony. And by way of tit for tattlhe Northern log-rollers were informed that the Minister for Railways intended to bring forward no schemes for the construe. tion os new lines, so that they nre not likely to gain anything from their selfishness. The Black Labour Question has been again before tIle House, and has taken, owing to an evident conetact between its supporters and the Min istry, . a somewhat unexpected turn. fMost of the Government supporters were in a tight corner. They had pledged their con stituencies to kill the Kanaka, and in their hearts there existed a strong desire to keep him alive. But the planters' representa. tives, cajoled doubtless by tIhe Premier's pro. mises, came to their assistance, and after stonewalling on Friday till midnight, they then carried a motion to protract the debate until the session was virtually in its last gasps and tile Assemblyv moribund. This tergiversation provided the hustings' enemies of the Kanaka withl, tas they hoped, a com fortable means of escape. But Sir. S. VW. Griflith and his following said such nasty things about their subterfuge that the most obtuse of their constituents could scarcely fail to drop down to the little game, and withl the acrimony this evoked the usually prosaic Assembly threatened for a while to follow the example occasionally shown by7 the NS.W. Legislators by raising the devil. Bible Reading. Another matter relegated to the shades of obscurity last week was a proposition to hlave thle Bible read in the State Schools. Why such an improbable departure fromn tile system Queensland has adopted should have taken in thie aggregate the best partof a week to discuss has been a mystery to everyone. Amongst the many wearisome platitudes members delivered themselves of, perhlaps the most remlrlable came from the Minister for Mines, Mr. Macrossan, a man who, as a rule, does not cut foolish capers in debate. "o revived tlhat exploded story about Archbishop Whately hoodwink ing the Bdman Catholic Arolbishop. of Dublin when compiling tile Irish ecrlpture lesson book (for giving a united religious instruction to Catholic and non-Cateolic children in thle same class) by Ihaving selec tions inserted with the idea of proselytising the former. Of course it was put beyond doubt tlhat this story had been proved to be false manry years ago; but it; shows how blind to reason even tile ablest will be when tile secltarian bogey is raised. Athletics. For some time past genuine sports hlave been working hard to get up a series of athletic meetings in Brisbane sufficiently im portant to induce prominent peds in New South Wales to compete. And when several men holding good positions in commercial circles came forward and organised the Nor man Sheflield Handicaps it was hoped that this result in the near future would be attained. Unfort;unately, the reverse has turned out to be the case, thankes to the belhaviour of certain of the promoters who appear to hates gone into the affair to make money In some way. The gate returns did not yield eullcient to satisfy the cupidity of tlhese gentry, so they foolishly made up their minds thact the deficit should be obtained, whlenever thlere was the ghost of a show, by engineering thle peds whlom they backed to the winning post. At first this only evoked growls on the part of the com petitors, but at the last professional harndi. cap the thing was so apparent that three hundred of thle competitors broke out into open rebellion, and held a public meeting to show up tlhe way tile meetings were being carried on. Tihe man who had been declared winner of the final-a New South Wales ped named Neilson-it was stated, admitted that hle was only second, and that he hlad been offered by oae of the judges all his expenses' in Brisbane, with an extra three yards in the handicaps, if he would stop uphere end compete. This of itself wouldl be suflicient to stamp the whole thitig in the minds of the publie as a fraud; but, unfor tunately, the promoters themeolves put a! darker hue upon the affair by backinig out of the public handing over of the prizesethey hlad advertised, and sending oceques to the winners throughl the piost.' No? the atthletes find how easily tlihey can be duped, thoy have become loud in their cries for a union to sit uljOiin " stiffs" and "'cronks;" and not a bit too soon. - SA lermiuit The ubiquitous-pressman in his search for sensations has lately struck the 'trail of a veritable Ishmael, living a life bordering on tho savage in the midst of scrub lands about 14 miles out of Brisbane. In the graphic language of the scribe discoverer, a middle- aged Frenchman baptised German Dubroca; but boiled down with bush freedom to" tho more unpretentious name of George, bur doned with seome dreadful mental trouble--his life secret-has for upwards of five years had a life of wretchedness and want-not even ap- proached in misery by that of the Queens land aboriginal in a humpy composed of kerosene tins, empty packing cans, and brushwood. During this "self-imposed sojourn in the wilderness" Monsieur has sustained the union of body and soul by filling in his time for sixteen hours a day with basket-making, and " borne his sorrows with a reserve which has up till now baffled all; attempts at penetration;" but before our Queensland explorer this desire to remain un recognisable vanishes into thin air, and the " Dr. Livingstone, I presume " style of intro duction so fetches Dubroca that he forth- with unbosoms himself to the whole world with a rapidity almost startling. At once he stands confessed a man of the highest culture and refinement (according to his interviewor's estimate), who speaks four modern languages well, who paints and engraves on wood " with an ex- cellence of execution seldom seen in the colonies, and who has been a professor of classics in a New York university." Academic pursuits are thrown over to search for the philosopher's stone, and this leads up to his advent into colonial life. As the repre sentative of a large Paris jewellery establish- ment he visited the exhibitions of London, Philadelphia, Meolbourne, and Sydney, and at the close of 1882 determined in the in terests of his employers to tour to Queens land and dispose of their exhibits. Arriving at Rockhampton, the impurity of the water appears to have affected him somewhat, and his memory like Rip Van Winkle's or modernised John Stofel's becomes "one blank." Lizzie, after a time, is remembered, or in other words, recollections of a vague chaotic form flit through his brain of a long illness in the hospital, of slowly returning consciousness and of the irretrievable " loss of his money and goods. Under what circum- stances the loss occurred is not explained, but as a recluse he is not quite au courant with the spirit of the times, or no doubt he would have attributed it to speculations in Mount Morgans. At any rate he humped his swag and tramped from the city of "sin, sweet, and sorrow" to the scenes of his pre- sent existence, where he does not appear to have had such a bad time of it as one would at first suppose. Evi- dently his basket-making has enabled him to make his peace with his employers in Paris, though at must be admitted this slight item was not considered worthy of record by his historian. The moralist might infer from this that the story is patchy, and not quite up to thie standard robustness of truth, but it makes good reading, and can be swal- lowed or rejected according to the disposition of your readers. 