??-r^'l; -ppg^^;- S?- :'?; i ? jIn football a fellow .may ' thaw up promi , nently,V then beknocked down ignomiuibuBly, «nd have to ba lificd up conspicuously uud judiciously. ?-,:?? ?;,??..??':??.?? , ? 'When the MaoriB are her*1, care' should bb taken to have a rival! tfiam'of thoroughestand toughest buUoqkers.' thac^the. local olubs oau '-''produce, ' ' - '??'. - :';'.''*'.'-i:-r1.'?il:'-/:';''-:-_'-.-:. ??? ; X'on it is no': unlikely; that the Now Zia-' landers vould give ; them auoh., a twisting: ui' (hey would Lot forget. ? '- \ '! Manifestly the spirit of caution has taken - possession of our suburban speculators. , Although the knights of, tbo hammer charm ' most wisely, the treasurod coius are, loth to jingle, and the coia holdere refuso to enthme. It is only the wintry chill that is onua Spring buaa will burnt by- and- by with fore tokens of summer plenty. Tiiby soy th'it in Moibourno the boot, sprawlers are on their feet again, ready for a iiesh campaign. .Money being a bit easier in its oirou'ation ? th« boomers are on' tho look out for the be3b ? direction in -which to accelerate its vivacity and augment its vigour. : Thews is a sad lack of ingenuity in naming streets. Already thi-ro are around Brisbane' many streets culled after the original streets in ? the centre of the city. ? ? i '. These are Queens, AlbertB, Edwarjp, AlioiS' Georges ml nauseam. ', .,-,'/,? . ', '? If men cannot utilise th° aborigines' vooibu lary, nor borrow tha historic names of , tuo motherland, thoy should try sentiment, practise invention, or revive the clai-sib n'araoa of anti quity. ; In spite of moiituro and mud, about six score of Queensland'* wive* '(nb9',m9tby mys terious invitation in a public Jiall in the heart 01 tbe city, iu the middle of the latter half of '.'yesterday. ,. ;..,,?? t. :. ,.-.; : ? j , !.? ; : The object of the gathering was a puzzle and a perplexity to the majority, until [tie ' ? * nffcvn/tnn fan'* Iinii linnn ^iDnn-ii^ *\t Pna. . sibly a, few thought they were goiug to draw \- lots for the chances of matrimonial fate ?'? But as none of the worser sex had been in vited this supposition found little favour. . Aster tho comestible genialities had been : disposed of, the beauties and blessings of uu alcoholised homes and the sorrow* and shamo of alcoholised husbands were dilated oa by feminine orators. : Such eloquence J More than half tho as sembled guests expressed their ?willingness to apply temperance to the critical phases and ordinary current of their life. But ! If they oannot influence their suitors, will they submit to the alternative ? Will love ?or liquor win? Floodb in many places; only drizzle here. Cupped horses are rejoicing that cold shower baths axeatficially prohibited by Adolphue. If any other philanthropist has experimental grape vines to give away, there are many applicants at the Week office. In with tiiem quiokly. ThiB is the nick of -time for planting grape vines. Yehebiday there was a large accession to the ranks of the unemployed. Drizzle did it. As a consequence, not a few took a spell at handling tumblers and testing liquors. Some were so thiok-headed this morning at daydawn that they were not sure that yester day was not Saturday and to-day Sunday. The instructor who drills the volunteers at Sherwood seems blest with a strong imagina tion. He seems to labour under the impression that ho in diilling 10,000 men instead of about a dozen. Being under this impression he shouts so loud that his orders can be distinguished a quarter of a mile away. His explanations are delivered with tho same volume of sound, so that the roar is continuous. Last night, a lady, evidently a stranger to Sherwood, was coining down from the station when the sound broke on her cars. The continuity of the sound being tho first thing that attracted her notice she inquired, ' Ib that somebody preaohing P' If Mr. Drill- Instructor would have the com mon Eeito to accommodate his voice to the actual requirements of his squ'id, ho would not only oblige tho uufortunata residents, but he would run lets risk of getting a very serious throat affection. The ' cultchaw ' of Boston has discarded the old worn-out methods of having its teath. drawn. It hati prmounced it the height of vulgarity to 'wrastle'1 with the dentist all ovor tho surgery floor while he vainly tugs at that confounded ? But there ! the days of bad language and muEcular dentists are at an end, and in future tho reluctant molars of tho gentle Bostonians wil! lose tho early blush of their bashf ulness, And will need no second invitation, to 'conio out and take a walk.' By jaeans of a cleverly devised elentrioal maohine, a dentist can now draw ten teeth in the pame time formerly exclusively occupied in trying to induce the suffering patient to let go of his hair, and let up on tho thumping racket. It has thus considerably cheapened tho cost cf tooth-drawing, and will no doubt result iu much benefit to humanity. A GHOtT was seen last night walking up the drive of a suburban residence. Should this meet the ghost's eye he is invited to coino up again this evening at almost any hour. At a suitable part of the premises not usu illy noticed by ghoBta, there will be a pea-gun. It is a nice little weapon, and pots well at 50 yards. At another point thoro will be a pretty little five-shooter, in tho use of which the ludieB Jof the house are porfeot experts. And to crown all, there ia another little weapon whose only fault is its loud detonation when dieoharged. This little iron is warranted' true for 1,000 yards. The ghnst can have his ohoioe. Nattjue's Oapbioes. — Too much tongue, too little sense. Slaves or slime ? The oily gammon of a plausible humbug. Whioh ia it? Out of his gravelly soil on the sea beaoh at Wellington Point Mr. P. Hiley,has dug. a sweet potato of the modest weight of 9J lbs. Thkhe seems to bo something in the soil ocin the air of tho Point that stimulates growth in fruit and vegetables— and children. ; It is a healthy and wholesome spot. Not long ago Mr. Pink exhibited to tho Raze of our open-eyed mouth-watering staff -a smooth-leaf pineapple whioh weighed 7 lbs. 4 czs. The loss ferooious-looking the Bwindlor or the thief, the loss suspicious the viotim. Shakes in the mountain of gold are hovering at £9, with agitators above that figure. Bane etooks struggling hard to get a firm foothold in the shallows. JTiusKianawah looulisers have Boatohod the Tingalpa bridge movement. ; : . :. ! Ob, it were shocking to insinuate that boardB men are over aught but broad- viewed and generous ! ???..; How thoy would, to a man, scorn to abase their position to the base uses of self ! Phamk on ye, Kianawah men, not to follow the lofty example of self-denial sot you by the patriots of the division whence ye separated y ourtelves ! i Mb ,Wbaoob sayB we may look out for showers. Just what the Board'of 'Waterworks look out for. 'Wish they may see them. Tub Assembly will take i tho , Civil Sorvioo Bill thiB afternoon, and . any number of oivil servant b looking out;to grab the fat. oommis tiontrships. Mb. Savtllb Kent, the eoientifio fisherman, is agoing it ; plenty of fish soon. 