of RECEPTION OF FOUR POSTULANTS. The imposing and impressive cere mony of the reception of the White Veil of the Order of Mercy by fonr : Novices took place on Tuesday morniog J at St. FranciB Xavier's Cathedral in the { presence of a large number of persons who had received invitations to be present. The altar was brilliantly lighted with wax tapers, and was beauti fully decorated with flowers by the Sisters of Mercy, Miss Baker very generously presenting the Sisters with flowers for the occasion. At 11 a.m. His Grace the Archbishop entered, preceded by the Acolytes and Yen. Archdeacon Bnssell, Deans Kennedy and Nevin, j^rior O'Snllivan, O.S.B, Fathers Gondolfi, MoEvoy, McMahon, Hurley, Doheny, JorgenBen, and Chnrch. His Grace ascended the throne in front of the .altar; the Sisters then entered in procession. First came fonr little girls prettily attired as bridesmaids bearing tapers ;ihen the four Postulants about to take the veil, Miss Annie Briggs (in relipon,' Sister Mary de. Pozzi), Miss Sarah Briggs (Sister Mary Gabriel), Miss Margaret Carroll (Sister Mary Gertrude), Miss Mary Noonan (Sister Mary Monica). The yonng ladies vera richly attired in bridal robeS of white satin with flowing trains, white tnlle veil, surmounted by wreaths of orange blossoms. They were preceded by a Sister bearing a Cross, and followed by Mother Superior and Sisters. The choir sang the fine hymn, " 0, Gloriosa Yirginum," as the procession proceeded into the Sanctuary, where the Sisters took up their positions on either side, the Postulants kneeling before the Throne and receiving from the Archbishop blessed candles withthe words, " Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light as an emblem of the inward light to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error, that illuminated with the light of divine wisdom, and with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the Spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God the Father in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." The Postulants then seated them selves in front of the altar, each with the lighted taper in her hand. Prior O'Sullivan, O.S.B., ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent and impressive sermon, taking for his text I. Cor. iv. 9.—" We have been made a spectacle to the world, and to man, and to the angels." He said they were assembled on the Feast of our Lady of Mercy to witness the dedication of fonr souls to the service of God in the Order of Mercy. The question might be asked, why this pomp and j ceremony ? These favored soals were only about to consecrate to God, what waB already His. The call to that holy state was a special favor from God. It called into play the fulfilment, not of precepts alone, but of counsels. They came there to witness a great sacrifice —the most perfect and unlimited which a creature could offer—the sacrifice of herself, and one to which is promised the greatest reward whioh the Creator can bestow. Recognising greatness of the sacrifice and the special favor which God had conferred on these chosen ones, the Church put forth all her pomp and ceremony on the occasion. The spec tators realise its importance, angels stand by, and Christ Himself looks down on the ceremony. Robed in white, the emblem of innocence, simplicity, and purity, these young ladies come forward to make this most perfect sacrifice, the sacrifice of themselves. They deny themselves all the gratifica tion which ambition or worldly pleasures could offer them, sever all the ties of the heart, and devote themselves hence forth entirely to the service of God, to succoring the poor, nursing the sick, and teaching the ignorant. They became, as St. Gregory had said, " the elect body and daughters of the Church." They did not make the complete sacrifice that day, but it was the immediate vigil of their final consecra tion to God. They abandoned the vanities, the pleasures, tmd the tinsel ornaments of the world. They did more than this ; they severed the ties of the heart which were normal and indelible, bat Christ had said they who loved father or mother, sister or brother, more than Him, is not worthy of Him, and He had called on His disciples to deny themselves, take ap their cross and follow Him. The girdle with which the sisters were circled signified obedience; the white veil, parity and innocence; and thehabit, the sombre black of penance. God, who had promised that a cap of water given in His name shonld not go unrewarded, woald not fail to recompense those who despoiled themselves for Him. They woald receive a hundredfold in return —the peace of the Holy Ghost, daily increase in grace and piety, and more perfect anion with God. In conclasion the reverend preacher exhorted them to persevere. They coald do more for the world, more for friends, and more for God in the religions life than by remaining in the world. He prayed that God might reward them with the grace to persevere in the holy path they had chosen. At the conclusion of the sermon the postulants were eondneted intarnto the Arohinsfaop, who asked, "My child, whatisit jtthdemand?" the reply being, " The mercy of God an d theiiolyliabit ofreligion." Then follow the question, "Is it of-yonr own free wrill yon demand the holy habit Of religion ?" Then to the Mother Snperioross, 4< Bev. Mother, have yon made the neeesbaiy (inquiries, and are yon satisfied?" and to thef postulant again, " My child, have yon a firm' intention to persevere in religion to the end of yonr life, and do yon hope to have sufficient strength to carry the' sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ solely for the love of God?" These qaestions baing answered in the affir mative, His Grace said the prescribed prayers, after which the Sisters and Novices retired in procession from Sanctuary whilst the ehoir sang the psalm, ** In eritu Israel de Bgypto," after whioh the " Memorare" was beautifully rendered. In the meantime the Archbishop blessed the Habits, whioh were then taken to the Novices, who then robed in the conventual dress. The procession again marched to Sanotnary, and on re-entering whioh the choir sang " Quae est ista." The Sisters and Novices having taken their places, the Snperioress and Mother Assistant conducted the latter one by one to the Archbishop, from whom they received the Cincture, Blessed Veil, and Church Cloak. Thus clothed they re tired to their places and knelt down. His Grace then sprinkled them with holy water, and extending his hands over them recited the appropriate prayers. The Novices then stood op and said in a lpnd voice together, " The empire of the world and all the grandeur of this earth I have despised for love of oar Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth." The Novices then retired a few steps and sang " Eruc tavit eor menm," and the choir responded, singing "Qaem vidi, quern amavi." This concluded, the Novices knelt down and prostrated, and immediately the Archbishop intoned the "Veni Creator Spiritns," which was taken up by the choir. This hymn being finished, the Arch bishop sang the versicles and prayers, which were responded to by the clergy. His Grace having finished the prayers, sprinkled the Novices again with holy water, after which they arose and were conducted one by one by the Mother Assistant to the Superioress, by whom they were embraced, and afterwards by the other Religions. Then the pro cession again formed and retired from Sanctuary, whilst the choir sang the psalm, " Ecce quam bonum." After the ceremony at the Cathedral, a number of visitors, were entertained at breakfast at the Convent of Mercy,. Angas-street. Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, who was returning from Europe by the mail steamer, arrived dnring the repast, and stayed for a short time. At the conclusion of the feast, His Grace Archbishop Reynolds, thanked the visitors on behalf of the 8iBters for their attendance, and spoke in eulogistic terms of the good work of charity and instruction performed by the good nuns since their arrival in the diocese. The Sisters wish to express their grateful thanks to the members of the Cathedral Choir, who devoted consider able timo to preparing special mnsic for the oocasion, also to Miss Baker, who very kindly supplied the flowers for decorating the altar. 