HISTORY EE PEATS ITSELF— THE LAST OF THE BAliONS {BT CAUStlC 80DA.]' HAVING to go to Boat Harb'oiir on a little"huSitifeBS^iis"! arriv^1ti'"t1fSt*f" beautiful mil. little tdwn'T'felt'that , ,r the very pir, breathed mystery and a strange foreboding 1 came over my soul. I could not.) wrest jfr^im my mind the overwhelming sense of some impending calamity* 'vjjusb.'t I said, ""my liver is out of .order," and instead of ,Liver Mixturb l put spurs to my horse and galloped full speed to th^ jeBtftblishjipiit IOJE iMr. Tyjer intending to dispel the gloom with^ something which perhaps is' 1 %iot so beneficial to the liver as the tonic mixture. Oil toy arrival f foiiri& no one in the bar, which looked as if it realised something of 'the strange feeling that oppressed me. Bushing out, determined to solve tfie problem,- I saw the village Vulcanstaniing' nt about fifty yards [distance with hie eyes protruding- likS'^ fltilAWr'a, BO prominent that you could have knocked them iiEf with'tHsKck, -liteninjg up to him fpr quo moment I found.that he c<>uld ri6t spekt, a low, gutttjral, inflis^inct^ojtiid onj.f cjifuQ in his'throat in* tKe vain attempt to find utteHjuCfei and (pDiiatd-:with liU finger, as if withj his. iast breath to Jy^tolien th» acme of & well spent life lthen ftiivti!«'thtoetnagfetrfteB wllk." ing' Ittdi&H; 'tlle oieh to the 'CduHs ' Ilojuse. ""What's-the" ifiatter? " I enquired. vPr^ng- Jumself ,Up.,for a final effort he muttered " Noble's taken tiie chair.•'•« Hastily ttdttiirtiB-' tering a restorative, for the poor follow had faihtad, I rusiied over td the Court House And there the sight one of awfuTsublimityand gran-' dcur. Noble fras'aJl'alono^nMiis glory jind at his feet,were the two, limbs of the law, -one the" genial, honest policeman ,an.d .th^Ojthgg.tiip ;—lawyer. As ,1 came near tho w indofV ; Noble,AVM (spBaWng to himsolf, " Be not ftfeaid of/greatness —Tis ivell,writ, some are bornigreat, some achieve greatuMs and some have -greatness thrust ,upon them."i 1 M>. Shout her« glided un like Hamlet's ghost and soothingly requested Mr. Noble to retipe, jnt-6 the sanctum sanctorum' Wher6 miny Bbbming little jokes havo been previously concocted for ttic benefit at' the jilefi/ati multitude knouuiistlielQiig^uSering Bellinger public. But the Noblo dcsceiidrtnl bf iflic Hainilti^s oB that ilt disdained nnv such covert overtures; ano like Warsaw's last «hunpion do. torniinedtto^do or-dic. ort«s ho put it ^ would not give Bp hja poHtion on the o penalty of his head. The door ofi the inner tpmple opened aud the par i ties boiicerned with the mysteries thcrpin enacted stalked in, tho-deiposid king 4^gading (his two standard bearers J)Miiging up the rear) with tW booj: ipf committals iu his hand, •like Moees^y/ith the tables of the Ten CoDimandanta. However, like Sataji. when kicked headlong. £rgin high heavek o'r Wolsey at the hands of Henry VIII, the king would. 'not resign .Ms hig)i position without a final struggle, and advancing tq the -Chairof-(State addressed its occupant* thusly: "You're in. my seat, Mr. Noble ; I'm Chairman of the Bench." M* Noble arose and snatching tire book of the law out of the hands of tho deposed monarch proudly replied as he opened the volume aud laid it before him, "That's all right, I'll take charge of this." Mr Matthews : "jjOij belialf of myself and the other members of the Bench we protest against your conduct: remember Mr Noble that you're a magistrate." Mr Noble: "I am here by the voice of the people as senior magistrate and will not be put out of it by you. I could find fifty better magistrates than you on tho river. I'll hot give place to any tradesman on this river.. Is there any reporter of the North Coast Times iii court? I wish to put in a notice calling a public meeting to nominate other Magistrates who will sit and do the business of the district." The Senior Constable went to the door and called " Is there any reporter of the North Coaet Times present." (Our Eeporter was at the moment breathlessly watching-the liomecoiriing of the Youths' liiiice at the : Nambucca Segatta and in, consequence there was no reply.) Unfortunately there was not, although Caustic Soda has done his best, but in .such a matter of history Isaac Pitman was wanted to do justice to every word and gesture, so. that the ivhole scene 'should be bottled Up, capsuled ,,aud. sealed for the benefit of the future History of the World, which would be incomplete without a faithful chronicle of this tragic event. Mr Matthqwu, again making a final effort,;paid, "Mr Noble, I ask you will you ieape . the chair.F I decline to siit while you are Chairman of this Bench. Mr Noble, bringing down his list as only the descendant of a lordly family can, with a vehemence that has to be seen to be appreciated, replied, " I DEFT THE BENCH." Mr Matthews '.,' (ghostly pale, in breathless excitement): " Will you put that down, Mr Treatt. He defies the Bench." (in a tone of horror.) Mr, Bennett:. " I also decline to Bit." (what a blessing.—EB. N.C.T.) Mr Smith rising,-seemingly in doubt as to which side to take, at last decided to follow the. deposed monarch, the existing Noble King reproaching him with a want of fealty, as he had promised to stand by the Noble cause. The mystic three tiien departed, shaking the dust from off their. feet as they entered the " Inner Court," where so much mischief has been ^hatched in . the past, and where the breathing out' of threatenings could be heard in the distance as Justices' justice was bfeiug administered by a descendant of Lord Hamilton in the adjoining chamber. 