JFiWITSAIIH AS/IS ?SE'S'SASa. ' All is Osh lliat coiuctli to net.' —Old Trovcrb. The pulpit— iu Nowra— is tho latest advertis ing medium. Oomorford's block again ! That Building Society should ' auto up ' somothing considerable. Eloctricity nud Cricket! Tbo publio nro in dohted for tho combination to tho good sonso of tlio Itodforn civic fathors, who, having virtually committod thoir Council to tho adoption of a schoino o£ oloctrio lighting, purposo visiting tho auciout Borough of Young to yiow tho oloctric light, and play the - local Council a gatno of orioliot at tho samo timo. But Ihnt Mayor Soccombo considors it infra dig to accopt hints, tho writer would add, for tho bonofit of tho Nowra Counoll (and thoro aro somo good crickotors amongst its inotnbora) ' Go thou and do likowiso.' It is said that tho Nowra dialooticiaus had much tho host of tho argumont on Thursday night, aud that, hut for tho look of tho thing, tho principle affirmed by Messrs. Blaokinoro, to° uy' tho Sloopy0Hollow folkl°who3o ropro sound in argumout, as they might havo beon. Frioud Larcombo will probably ostootn this as a U bol — with tho aocont strong on tho /**, ploaso Mr. Printer. Gavdon Honoy witticisms aro things of tho past, mid now, to ndd to our sorrow, and that of tho genial 0. J. B. W., tho author thereof has vantshod from tho district. Oharloy is discon aud ouuning writer 1 VaU 1 tbou critical pui voyor of fnshionablo intolligonco, and 2?cws items ! Yale ! thou chroniolor of idlo obit ohat ! To tho wail of anguish thy doparturo wrings from tho News tho Oynio sorrowfully londs n liarting howl, looking for its Bpoody roturn, if not thitio own. Tho ' yollor boys' woro green with jealousy ovor tho production of ' Ould Ireland ' on Briday night-so nt least snvs tho only O'Dowd who takes tho full responsibility of this Irishism. ' But ' adds this gontloman ' tho Homo Polio mooting got thoir hair off ontiroly, and whoroas thoy had talkod of running an Opposition play thov noxttliroatonbd nn Opposition mooting, and thon, with dolightful consistency, ilookod in crowds to witness' the blood curdling porform nnco of ' Tho mystor^ of a Hansom Cab.' Miss Ella Oarrington simply ' fotchod thom' in Mr. Spoakor Pwoonoy will scarcely prosido cvor tho furthor doliboralions of tho Nowra Parlia mont. By his departure for Albion Park, tho Sobool of Arts losos an aotivo and indofatiguablo worker, and tho Dobating Society a muoh valued tnombor— ono who lias ovor liud its bo3t iutorosts at heart. It goos without saying that his loss will bo eovaroly folt.and that, not only iu tho arona of dobato, but in tho widor social : 'Paul Pry.' in thogo ovor intorosttng notos of hU in tho Broughton Qivek Register doplovoa tho social doaduoss of tho uoigbbouriug community, and it is to bo foarad his romarks apply with: oqurtl fortio to ourselves. Aro 'GO por cont. ' of tho ? young mon of Nowra any hotter ' than tho animals tlioy bco around thom f' 'Wo foar. not. Thero is tho samo lack of purposo and irrosoluto will, tho eamo useless way of lifo, tho samo listless indifforonco to all tho higher and habits contracted nt strcofc 'corners, aud alas°! too oftou, tho samo torront of filthy talk polluting tho oars of possors by. Tho ovil is groat, and tho roinotly hard to find. Yot in nino casos out of ton, offoct and cause may bo tracer! homo to tho pn-rQiits whoso control of their cauldron has been of tbo fooblosfc, aud whoso indifforuncs to thoir comfort and wolfaro has drivon thom to !tho streets for companiouship, to tho billiard saloons and public-houso bar for rocroation, and to tbo card tables for onjoymont. 'Oh! tho pity of it.' When tho Eov. Mr. 'Walters, of Sydnoy, first dolivorod his locturo on 'Humbugs'' it is scarcely probable that ho had mot tlio extraor dinary genius who at prosont disguises his xdontity under tho oditorial ' Wo ' of tha Kianvx Reporter. It is cortain that had ho douo so t'to publio would havohad tho additional plonsuro of listening to a dissertation on' tho Humbugs of Journalism, togothor with somo sort of bio graphy of tho ono b.o hfxd mot. A. fow weeks ago tho Kiaina ecribo — tho uoar proximity of tho Blowhdlo oxpluius a lot— was ehrioKing in his loudest troblo notog, bocauso, forsooth ! tho Sj'dnoy press woro moan enough to appropriato 7n3 itloas, fti3 nTticles, and his news, and that without a singlo word of acknowledge mont. Literally afthast at such a foarful display of depravity tho Reporter mau could but incoherently exnross his out ragod foolings. Moanwhilo anXllitwarra sorioo, attachod to tho Mercury staff, and who was not in that swim, had boon quietly wutchiug tho3o prococdinss. Metaphorically speaking, ho smelt a rat, and kept h-s woathor oyo open. Thus, whon -a little labor on, tho Iteporter follow ' put his foot iuto it,' by sjisso -ini* (also without aoknowlodguiout) a column, and a half of Mercury matter, tho Illawarra scribo pounded away at his toos with nearly a ton woight of rant or nil, lonviiig tho '* Bt^^vholo ' msn with uo*or a log to stand upon. But liko tho Emma Ghost, tho Jlcportcr follow dies hard, and kicks to tho last. tho nart of tho printer, for whioh he is not to hlamo, aud, for his unwarrantable asporsious, tho Mercury man should roudor him an apology, ote. Aud so probably should vro— only wo'ro not built that way— for sayiufj that tho Kiama papors havo ropoatodlv scissorod paragraphs from those columns without acknowledgment of any kind, tho Jlewrter having of lato especially distinguished itself in this direction. In its last issue it thiis appropriates two paragraphs, and tho substnnco ot a thivd (all uirao!iiiowlodgo-l) from tho last Telegraph. Aud thus thoEiama shriokist ut tho depravity of motropolitau jourualism fittingly justittos his own' integrity, and uucoustiionsly asks to bo written down as an humbug of tho first water. [Booked accordingly 1 -Ed.] OYNIO. ' 