UNTO THIS "LAST" . BY J. REDDING WARE. . ' " ':" PABT I. ' " BOLAND, dear, any news ? ste said, with delightful . familiarity, putting her armB about his: neck. ! / "No, Cynnie," lie Baid, with a charming and .indifferent smile. " There was no.let ter at the post office^" " "What a long, long while you have been away." "It was so jolly hot, Cynthia, and they have a pool .here which ia asolear as soda water, BO -I -toot a dip. Don't creepup so close, Dot, it is ¿so steaming hot^-never was auch an August. Tho'grouse ought to he in fino condition, and what a time Eufus will have at the dukery-plucky beggar-he will have forty thou' per ann', and soon now, ' while. I doubt;if he will go on with my howling three hundred! It will die with my father, unies the pater does live to be a duke. .(Then' we should he in clover, for he would, Ï know, make it a thousand, and . give us the dukery farm to live upon." " How I should like to live upon a pretty farm; away from the world j ii indeed the Lidea_ is not too, too selfish. Por your sake I hopè you will get the dukery-farm-it is very pretty?"/ " Westeria, honey-suckle, jasmine, walled garden, and that sort of show, outside, and inside a complete bijou, for it was furnished no end in the empire style, and is as light, white and golden as you could wish. But I beg you will not count upon the dukery farui, my. dear Cynthia." " Certainly not, I thought it was you who we're " counting " on it. But probably I showed a Kttle greediness. 1 am sure I hope I Bhould not be exhibiting more selfish- ness if I surmised that my dear father might ' repent of being so hard, and forgive me," " Eor marrying the nephew of one of the great dukeB?" " You see, dear Eonald, his people have been Puritans-" '"Quakers!" " Well, Quakers if you like, though Puri- tans is the word, BO long that--" . . '^They do not like their daughters marry- ing malignants ; your father ought to wear tub-boots, and a leather jerkin. As for the rest,. he. is , quite provided. I believe he would smite high and low, hip and collar- bone everyone of us." s "His neighbours have always said he was : a just man!" ^ ^ "Anybody can be a just man." "Oh dear me no," said the beaming . Cynthia, very quickly. " Anybody-don't tell me, dear wmkin. -But very few can be reasonable. The.idea of calling my family what he does, simply because the title came down from Charles H.. on the mother's side.. A most howling uncharitable old ghost he must be, raking np; a man's - family blankets iiv this way. I'IU sure we have been moBt-respectable ever since !"' . '? Qhj what an accusation ! Do you mean .to ;Say I have at any time observed that . your "people were ever disreputable ?" "Tour father has often Baid the first duchess was a baggage." ' . ".How could he possibly, know-though it would be better, wouldn't it, to be des 1 pended from-say Charles I.?" ; ; "It ÍB a matter of taste." :?.'.< ? ; I" " But," she "continued with a flattering ; smile, "how capital it is that we have had \- to . go back all the way, two hundred and .' more years, to find something to dispute ' Mahout. That'very fact alone proves how happy wo are." ; .'.'Happy! Tes, after a .fashion, cooped ; np in a howling inn, loBt in Torkshire, and "ibored by a landlady who drops her h's." '- '"But she never drops her cookery, does she?" :' = ' "Two rooms,-and my ßickly father is *: heir to a dukedom, worth forty thou' per '" an.; and your father-how much ÍB: he worth." , "I am sure I do not know,: dear; but I've heard it said he is the richest man in Notts, and you know his land in Warwick- shire joins yours." " The duke's you mean, and is twice as good. No doubt he is twice as rich ; and we have got-nothing !" "I could keep a lodging-house, and make both ends meet?" "Both ends of the lodging-house?" he asked. "Absurd!" "Perhaps," he added, "when brother Eufus is duke 'he will give us a cottage, with a lean-to pigßty, when I'd bag every head of game on the estate." ' ""We couldn't live upon game, dear; I should prefer the lodging-house. I am sure I could charm the various floors." "Hallo-what the rumpus ? Here's a yellow-headed woman, with a red face, in a carriage, in hysterics-of course I mean the woman-a frightened old woman; and another carriage with a lot of luggage also yellow, spread over with 'Mrs.Jonah .Capel Stagg." Do come and look! What a peony! and evidently about to trouble the registrar in relation to increase of population. I hope Mrs. Josiah Capel Stagg will not scoff our trout and leg of mutton, or I'll trample the portmanteaux into jelly-fish." The " Zetland Arms " was as quiet an -hostelry as one could reasonably demand, but at two o'clock in the morning, after the arrival of the lady with the luggage, there was a light in nearly every window. A double event was in progress, for while cheery Cynthia Bolinbroke had brought a son ;into:,the world without worrying or troubling a soul, Mrs. Jonah Capel Stagg , was creating, (as her name would justify her in creating) a very great deal' of'feminine anxiety, BO that even the mere cook found it necessary to send to the bar for Jamaica ginger cordial, tempered by a display of Jamaica red-heart rum. Mr. Bolinbroke had shown little more than indifférence at the birth of his child, when others had been present-that horror of showing emotion before strangers com- mon to most well-bred people, being with him a positive disease. But now in the room with his wife alone he examined a red little face, picked up the small bundle, and experienced a strange tangle of sensations, pleasurable in their totality, but mingled with bitterness. Poverty and family position go so very poorly together, especially for a man who must have his clubs. The child's little legs beginning to vibrate, the father started. " Cynthia." No reply. He looked ; she was sleeping so lightly that not only couLLhe not hear her breathe, but he could not even see the movement of the bed-clothes that was or was not produced by the action of breathing-always assum- ing that she Btill breathed. # * * # Every man is born with a mania ; though sometimes he never, perhaps, fortunately foi himself, discovers it. Bolinbroke had dis- covered, his at fifteen, when a cadet in the Boya! Navy. It was tattooing. Before he was sixteen, after the barbarous manner common to sailors/ he had - submitted to the making of anchors and true lover's knots on his arms, and even his legs had not escaped. His hands were free, simply because in the Navy tattooing is not permitted. At bathing hours, thè executive are not present, andi) is a point of honour with warrant-officen never to report tattooing.: Now , Japan is the head-quarters of tat- tooing. There it has indeed risen to an art From the moment Bolinbroke's ship was stationed in Japanese waters, his mania foi tattooing became irrepressible. He tool lessons from a Japanese artist, purchasec largely the materials, and finally-was dis- missed from the Navy in disgrace positivelj for having tattooed in a wholesale manne] the .willing son of a cousin of royally There was a great row, and the end of il stood, he was requested to resign his com- mission. He did.; went back to England fell in love (he a descendant of one of the ducal favorites of Charles IL) with thf daughter, of a collateral descendant oj Hampden, and had ruined her and himseU too. Both families repudiated the couple His whole income was three hundred pe: annum, allowed him by his father at will and which might die with the father Cynthia had in her own right not a farthing These were the conditions under which the] were married-these were the condition under which this unfortunate child wa born into an uninteresting world. Hi troubles had already begun ; his feet wen already to be wounded in the beginning o life. " It will not take five minutes," Bolinbrok said. ' ;: He went to his dressing-bag, and produce« a little box of various materials. He tool his mite of a son, lying on - a pillow on th table, and turned back his wraps, bared hi little crisping feet, the little toes very active The strange father outlined two butterflie (his first lesson with the Japanese) one oi each sole of. his son's feet, using the shor line of sharp needles, (which form th punctures) ; applied quickly some black, o dark blue powder, wiped the skin, and lef in outline two Japanese butterflies. Th little fellow had made a low wailing noise only a civil complaint-not an indignan protest. The indifferent, not cruel father, took th little burden back to the bed. "Cynthia!" There was no answer. " Poor thing-I suppose she is very tired. He stooped to kiss her, but fearing t wake her, drew back and left the rooi intending to " get a soda," look after th nurse, and turn into the crow's nest tha was waiting for him at the top of the house As it has been said, the house was all alive and he found the bar active, the tongue wagging. He soon learnt how the " other lady was the wife of a great city swell ; hoi she was travelling southwards after visitin in the north ; and how a Blight accident t the railway carriage in which she wa travelling had so unnerved her that she wa removed from the train at the first stoppin place, and thus brought to the "Zetlan Arms." ; Here, Mrs. Smord, the weak-hearted land lady appeared, wiping her eyes. "Poi child, pore child," she murmured, " it hav gorne to a better'world." "What, is the little chick dead ? " aske Bolinbroke. "Yes, dear sir." He sighed. Se couldn't afford to keep child, and his child lived. The city woma was doubtless rolling in wealth, and he child was dead. A few minutes passed, Mrs. Smord shakin her. head, Bolinbroke slowly swallowing hi sodawater, when a wailing scream was hean and a shaking voice calling for help and th doctor. To be brief, Cynthia was dead; save thereby doubtless much sorrow. She ha kissed her child once. She had made an en quite without noise ;.dying in her Bleep. Bolinbroke was a man of slow emotion and showed no outward anxiety at the cata: trophe, but he was heavily hit beyond doub They drew away and left him alone for little time. Before they came to. ask him i leave the dead to their care, he quitted h wife's bedside. Very white in the face 1 went downstairs, and asked for the landlad; into whose sanctum he and she disappearei "It will be i only for a time," he said, shall be able to' turn myself round. It ca be 'done in a moment. The nurse who looke after both mothers is down stairs arrangir some food for the child. - She will suppoi my little one has died, and that by an erro the other child was pronounced dead. " But if it 'air found out, oh Newgate will be." "It will not be found out." She hesitated-and was lost. The city lady was still wandering ar saying "Ma'm, except the three Lord Mayoi and the provost of Edinburgh I take pn cedence of all má'm." The old servir woman who accompanied her was fast aslee in an easy chair.. '.*,,'"*. # # Three weeks afterwards, Mrs. Capel Stag was removed south to London, together wit her infant son,' whom she found most drol for he was her first dark child, and she W£ the mother of more than half a baker dozen-seven fair facts, in fact. # # # * Through almost three weeks lovely Cyr thia Lee, collateral descendant of the gres John Hampden, had then lain with a dea child, none of hers, in her arms, in the strange and far away church-yard of Dundas town. So ended the disobedience of a year. They were to mourn her death for fifty summers in the quiet home of her upright fathers. They mourn it to this day-they will until all the brothers and sisters who knew her, die-some, living like their fathers, will endlike them between eighty and ninety. These Puritan people love the better for hiding their affection-even from each other. Sweet Cynthia !-who loved a descen- dant of one of the Restoration Jezebels. 