WHISPERS AT. THE WINGS, - BT4Q." As a spectacle, Cinderella excels anything pantomimic. Melbourne has seen, and hot all tbe completeness of one which might Lave been transferred from Drary Lane to our RovaL IhttMtfthia ananotionitlv in fthi mounting, and from beginning to end die piece is » perfect Jmlridoeoope. While there is in finite pleasure in looking at all the scenes, such settings as those of tbe opening in tbe golden foundry, the forest depths, which go right up .to tbe beck of tne stage, tne avenue of statues and the transformation scene fetond out as prominent features of effect. You had no doubt looked for' something brighter in tbe ballroom scene, and certainly that sombre backing does not realise the idea of what that scene should be. It is brilliant enough in the foreground, but the fiat requires lighten-.- ing up. Gordon I really don't think baa ever done anything more artistically chsrmtnv than the transformation. It ia excellently cun ceived and poetically and deftly developed, aod -the finale is an admirable bit of aptandor. No one can complain of the want of incident and business. Every scene has something of note in it, and tbe silver done, the steeple chase, the Cinderella driving, tbe football con- teat and the statue ballet make up the back bone of tbe pantomime. They never bad so many people on the stage as they have jot now, and you can fancy the crowd when I cell von that the number actually eugaeed io tbe pr iductioa who saw "tbe ghost walk" yesterday was 614, The grouping in the bunting scene aod the ballroom are specially well managed, and you particularly fancy the gracefulness and the lighting of tbe statue ballet. Tbe costumes ace pretty in design end rich in color, and are harmoniously arranged. Since the opening night changes have been made in the pieoe, but still there is lot of room for improvement, and in some departments thai is imperative. The music is too heavy, sod must be of ensper, lighter numbers ; and : what's come of the masher swagger and danoo ditty for the Prince? There's one thing I would strike nut, and that is the chorus of cradle- carrying fciddieain'the ballroom seena, , It's inappropriate, and, in a way, painful. The weakness of tbe pantomime u the act- ing, and that particularly in the female cast. Toe girls want chic snd go— the sparkle to do ! a spauking song and the dash to " letch 'em " wicb a dance. Fanny Liddiard looks hand some, and fine and fanciful in her vsri'-d peat and natty dresses, and there is only a touch of sprigbtlinese in her acting. Why doesn't she launch mildly madly into a sort of I'm Kiog of the Block medley? Surely she could try. Tbe yonng newcomer, Annie Cranston — who, by the way, is the wife of Willie Walton— is cbirripy in a way. aod is dandy enough, but ebe is a bit thin in method, and wants morn robustness of voice and style to fill tbe Royal. Clara MerrivaK I have a notion, feels that the Cinderella cloak does not fall fittnely on hr shoulders. She acts with a good deal of arch- nes«, and she sings the Solomon balLid, The Silver Line, very artistically. The Pollard and Potter efforts are acceptable as far as tney go. It is evident that those who are to lift up the pantomime are Walton and Stevenson, and tber have plenty of scope to work np their parts. It is a pity they arc not more together, and that Walton can't slog & bit. They could between them make the pantomime " gee " at n hot pace. Give them rope, Mungrove. Vernon somehow seems as if be was only half-hearted in his fooling, and wants to rouse hunself np a bit. Marnock looks massive, hot not merry, a the metallic monarch. Pantomime isnot bis penchant; nor is it the strength of Neebe's range. You can't say much for Uie harlpqninade, and you might have thought that coming out from home sp< cially for tbe pantomime, the Walton's would have given ns something fresb and flashy. Bat they haven't. By the way, tbe pantomime was ovpr very eafly on tbe first night, and it has kept up the record since. There no doubt was too much hurry in the getting up and the producing of tbe panto mime, but now that it is on it will have to be licked into a success. Frank Emery ha bad a hard busy time, and Musgrove has beer, working like a Trojan,and is not, I fancv, yet in the seventh heaven of happiness. All the8taff in every department have done their work well, aud are i>&tted; on the bead accord ingly. The usnal book of the pantomime is supplied by J. A. Alexander, who figures also with the drop scene. Among those who witnessed tbe firat night's performance was tbe former Cinderella, Nellie Stewart. Would you be surprised to see her in the part again ? The bouses have been packed to tbe utmost. The firm have received information that Robert Buchanan's odaptaticn of Roger Le Honte, and called a Man's Sbadow, lias, iu America,under the Terrie-MiUw&rd; regime re peated its London success. Tbe piece, theitory of wbich I told yon sometime ago, u one of the plays secured by Arthur Garner during his recent visit to Europe. It will bo produced at the Royal soon after the pantomime season with Charles Warner in the dual role of Loroque, tbe hero, aod his " donule," Luverean, a Prussian spy, whose undying en mity he .ba incurred. These parts were played at the Haymarket by Beerbobm Tree ; and I may say that fundimeutally the drama, which is a wtmlpsome sensational, and yet sympathetic one, with crisp dialogue and St least three powerful eituatious, iaa combina tion of The Lyons Mail and Proof. You may be certain that Garner and Warner between them will make an impressive production ot it. Madame Melba hss quite got aver the trifling throat ailment from which she suffered at the end of the reason, and is now delighting Fans in Romeo et Juliette. For 6inging at Monte Carlo fonr times in January la Melba is to receive a thousand guineas. Net bad for a beginner, eh ? Dr Cupid is a nrg.ittve success because the people can't catch the drifr of it. They don't seem to distinguish the difference brtwe»-n the fantastic and tbe farcical, and Buchanan' comedy will suffer the same fate as The Palace of 'Truth — it won't become popular. Of course, there is no reason, from the stage point of view, why it shouldn't succeed. It is a quaintly humorous concep tion. it ia played on exceptionally accurate and artistic lines, and the costumes and the scenic settings are of the most ap proved and finest. But the spirit of the play ing will have to be altered simply to suit the public taste. They do not appreciate the fau- tastic, so they will have to be dozed with the farcical. What a delicious creation is ibat of Billy Elton's Dr Cupid ! His queer quips, his sar castic touches, and three bits that require delicate handling are all put with the point and polish of tbe artist. The W ill o'-tlie-wigp is a vastly amusing personage with his trips and his " ping 1" and his mirthful ways. But only the broader portions of the part "go," and. unfortunately, that indicates thut there is but cue step to take. Harwood, as tbe irascible old uncle, finds coocenial scope to revel in, and it can be seen that his now pretty liberal dealing with the pert- suits those in front. This is the fint time that Harwood and Elton have been in the same cast, and you can mark the difference of the schools— the iimarfar artifiriil Btvla of «.hp r.1«L nnrl tlio keener, artistic method of (lie new. There is a fine, free gallantry in Sash's Harry Rackett, Fleming most successfully copes with the difficulty of stuttering through the part of Farlow, and there is much of tbe mer curial in Hans Phillips doings as Bean King. _ . Sweetly pretty, like a Kate Greebaway creation, is Janet A church, and die h&e; all the rapture of the romantic Kate Constant. Could you fancy a more attractive ynung widow than that which Janet Kinuaird makes 'of Mrs Bliss? Ah, she's giddy, and now and then she's a picture in these costumes. There is stolidity in Mrs Bryet's Veal, and Mrs Bolton infuses the character of Bridget with something of lightness. ' Gordon s efforts give the presentation a most admirable back-ground, and the ere feasts gratefully on tbe Assembly Renin and Lover's U VU KCIi1rUIf£— - A statement has been mid that the 6t. John-Cameron-L mnen portion of the London Gai-ty Company, now in America playing Fsost up t'« Date, are definitely ccming over here. Ton fast. The firm were sounded on tbe subject, bnt would not touch it, so that you may take it as a c-rUimv that yuu wou't see tbe burletqum in Australia, Sheridan is evidently synonymous with Aus tralian sugar. " J. F. of that ilk, at anvtaie,- is making a good deal of it at theGpera House, and Actually he aske-for more. At least tbe M'Mah"OB anoounee that Johnnie will indulge in his Fan on the Bristol nntO further notice. This must be inquired into— at Jimmie's office. I have word from two old friends of yours now in other lands. First from Emma' Cbamtare, who, as you know, is m Natal. They began their tour in Mantcborg, the la- land capital, and then came back to the port town, Durban, where they began on the 23rd November in My Sweetheart. They had good farases, and were to be three weeks them. Then they were to go north. From Sigoor Majerooi I have it that they opened at the Corinthian Theatre, , in Calcntta, on 23rd November, in Jealousy. They were dung well and bad good prospects. % .Alexandra patrons are happy they have 5 at another drama to their liking. Yes, adge Not, which was the medium of bring ing the Dampiers bade to them on Boring Night, baa all those elementa and riwxacter- tetice wfaioh -stir ibeir imagination and fire their brain, a piece an which they can shove their strong love tor nrfu and their nnrestralfaed detestation of vice. Frank Harvey's tuelo-drama Is of tSC good healthy emphatic school, witbaatoy tfaat has iobreit ana excitement m it, . and strongly worked op incidents and nidations. Ifcroayot be severely original, bat heaven 1 whan are yon to get ortgiuality now-a-days in these things? Tbe exposition of the piece is appropriate and characteristic, and, besides being toothsome to tbe aodrence, commands the critical commendation. Quite in her particu lar line is xbe heroine —the wronged, tone and loving wife— of Lily Dampier, end given in her sympathetic strain, it obtains the well- deserted encomiums of the audience., Infscc, they heap her triumph with laudation. The comedy vein of Dsnipier art is very happily drawn on a the broken-down tragedian aud his airs and strait and whims and oddities afford no end of amusement. Andinmsintaimng thecooiedy sight lights, very acceptable aid is given by Katbenoe RauelL There i all possible vigor in Baker's ill dntngo, and Boothman cn the hand has to be credited with upholding Virtue manfully. There is a share of favor tor Wat- kin Wynne. Old Holloway gives sturdy sup port ss tbe medico, and Stonebam dabbles decently in devilment. Alt and Renno have added their quota in tbe shape of advantageous eoenery and mechanical effects. >L They'll get a run out of Jndge Not. Dampier — and Browne, the anthor, too — ought to feel specially interested in the atten tion and recojpiition which the G.O.M. ha given to the novel Robbery Under Anns. Mr Gladstone" (writes a London correspondent) "boa just discovered a book which perfectly fascinates him. It bss, I believe, .been re published in this' country, but it ap peared first in Ansfctalia, where it it, in great vogue. It ib a novel entitled Robbery under Arms. Tbe authorship is claimed for Rolf Bojderwool, which sounds like a sum de plume. Mr Gladstone, lavioo the Australian edition, bos written a letter to the author, addrered care of the publisher, expressing die great delight with which he read tbe work/ A Sandhurst friend forwards me the follow ing concerning their evening holiday amuse ments " We h&ve; hwd," he says, 'Yometbtrg go d by way of a beginning for our Christmas enjovment. On -Christmas night, a grand vocal aod instrumental concert, arranged by Mr E. H Hansteio, a local and promising young musician, was got off, in tbe Masonic HalL Toiny mind it would bear most favor able comparison with many high-clsssconcerts that have been given in Marvellous Melbourne. It would War repetition." The M&cmahon; Brothers have come upon us aa usual with an excellent bill of fare. Ou the night of Boxing Day they gave us the Bells ot llaslemere, which rang out to a house crowded in almost every part. The beautiful piece went well. Emotional people showed thetn-elve, while the jovial parte brought forth the fadings of those who delight in funnyism. Bucklaw played Frank Btresford in a manly way. Clyndes gave us tbe vil lainous John Silkstone and brought down the wrath of the gods. Clara Cowper played Evelyn Bnokfi«-ld, and Edith Blande as the Fcboolniuiress (Mary Northcote) was no less a success. The piece met with s most com plimentary reception, and, I should say, will keep going for a goodly spell. This froin Sydney side They've pretty nearly turned the oldRoyal inside out, and now there's nure room and everything new and clean. OT.ll, it's like putting new wine into old bottles, patching up the place, and we won't be satisfied till we have a Princess here too, or "another of the same." However, Aladdin has panned out all right 1 ana looks good for a big run. It beautifully staged and dressed, and BmmoD's work is as fine as e'e could look cn anywhere. Jennie Lee's Aladdin is first- rate ; she works with a will and with excellent effect. Walton's Widow Twankey shows what a clever ft-ilow he is. Miss Variey- in a sprightly Princess, and Slade Murray, Dark, Cremar, the fionhair Brothers, Sophie Harris, aod Vera Patty do well. Glad 1 am to be able to report well of B. and B's production of Friend at the Cri. Strongly casi, it went Fplendidly tbo first night. Titlwradgeis iu his o'd character of the " doctor." which he played in Fred Mar shall's day with Garner's company. He has the best of the fat, of oourse, and uses it as he only can. You couldn't well find a fault. P«rcy Lyndal acquitted bimeelf in a praise- worihy niann>r a Mr Dawson, though there was something uncanny in his make-up, and be ir hardly meant by nature for euch parts. At times, inowever, he showed very power ful acting. As the wife, Mrs Brough Greased and acted with charm, the boudoir scene with Maurice (Cecil Ward) being very fine, while that gentleman was quite up to hi usual good standard all through. The daughter found a charming representative iu Brenda Gibson, who re-appt-art-d nftet & good holiday. Brooch's "Markhmn" and Lofih Gordon's , "Meandv" were O.K., and they were ably assisted by bliss Romer as the letter's wife, while G. W.Ansonas tberidiculoas duel-loving Captain Donohue was very funny. S pong's settings were AL Oh ! I almost forgot youog Titberadge, who made his initial bow to the public as Theodore. He was warmly wel comed, and the cool, self-possesaed way in which he played the part showed that talent is hereditary m the family. Enamored, as he now is with Shakespeare, it was not mrprising that Geo. K.rold staged Midsummer Night's Dream for Christmas, It was a big job, loo. for the piece does not readily lend itself to tbe stage. It was cut about a lot of course, and the ver- f-nough pantomime for the juveniles and not enough solid for th-j grown-un. As Bottom, George again bhows hi versatility, while the "property head" belonging to that famous amateur is the best thing of its kind ever seen on the stage. Spong, by permission of B. and B., assisted in tne seem painting with Clint, and the result is he hoa turned out two iuteriora which are tnarvi Is of art and loveli ness. They alone are worth going tJ see. Tbe eupjiort is fair ell round, ana as a spectacular show the Dream ranks high, lliscock's crowd are playing holiday pro grammes to crush houses at the 0>era uoue. Goud boy 'Arry Richards is at tbe School of Arts. The M'Mahnn with Silbon-Stirks, etc., are filling the Exhibition Building. Why won't they allow theatrical poetere on the hoarding round the Cathedral! You have drink, laud boom and patent medicine adver tisements glaring at you all athwart, but the line is drawn at the theatre. They say that the contractor was bound down to thin by the goody- goody people. Nice thing, truly. Really they do get comjiarotive wonders , out of the Victorian attaches. There appears to be no end to their repertoire, and their versatility, and bill afrer bill comes out always with something in it tm&ckicg; of freshnesr. Wadsiey warbles, Giltnore grimaces, Tulloch tickles 'em, Whitburn's whimsical and Matlock's melodious. Afterwards the Herman family show their agility as acro bats, the Midget affords 60ine amuse ment, aod there i6 a rollicking finale, called A Pleasant Situation, wbich plays out tbe house happily. > Thev have » catchy sketch on nt the St. George's this week called a Day in the Woods. It is just a vehicle for introducing' several of the members ot the company iu their little bits of specialities, and it glides along plea santly. There's a soprano there, Florence Scbuler, who sing with a lot of downright heartiness, and Holland shows hiruself a re markably useful and talented man.They goin for more comedy on Saturday, when the Arabian Nights will be produced under Harry St. Maur's direction. I question the judicious- ne of this more, though I admire the pluck. Briefly let me say that the Santiey concerts are successful ; that Snazelle ought to be seen st the Athenaeum ; that the Cyclorama has it patron, and that the Waxworks and lnaua draw well. Toole leaves London for Melbourne on 20th February. . . Billie Elton and Alfred Mitchell of the "Argus, are getting up a cricket tnatcli, Stage v. Press. . . Ada Ward left by the mail steamer ,on Saturday for London. . . Fanny Simonseu and Armes Beaumont, accompanied by de Beau- puis, tbe pianist, and Ada Cwwley, the con- tralto. are to give concerts in Tasmania. . . Simonsen's opera season at Get-long has been so far successful,, and young Simon- sen's debut as a tenor is tavorsbly epoken of by the "Times." . . . The Castlemaine " Mail " says : — Mr Frank Litton's company of young Austrahao drama tists performed the drama of Tbe Gmvict, or a Woman's Sacrifice in lbs Theatre Royal in ibe evening to a very large bouse." Their efforts do not appear to tuive been prodigious. . . . Dan Barry is doing well at Warrnam- bool. . . Solomonk Opera Company have been accepted by Ballarat. . . Lord Fanntleroy was produced at Adelaide to a crammed baron-, . and received enthu siastically. . . Fitzgerald's Circuits "gveing" at Adelaide. . . . From the Launceston Examiner of Friday : — " One of tbe largest, if not the largest, bouse the Academy of Music has ever held assembled last evening to wit ness the opening of Mt Grsttan Riggsk fare well dramatic season. . . Frank Lincoln opened io Hobart on Xmas Eve, aud JoJqis to be there lata on. . . Ibe Holloway- , Howe combination began their month's season at Hobart most aaapicioutiy on Boxing Night in Tbo World Against Her. Wad oomes that Darrell bad a big opening on Boring Night at Wellington in Tbe Forlorn Hope. . Frank Thornton ia at Dunedio, and so is Ifiithh cUuus. . Tbo Palmer-Silleto Hans the Boatman are bade f ran Tasmania \- Tbe Brisbane Rportbwa Bland Holts most sarUfactory business. . , Tbe Wilkin soo-St. John Gaiety Burlesque Company are performing through the towns of tbe North- Eastern districts of Tasmania. . Dauby hat gone to Axoerira with the Gaiety crowd. . . , A-W.Pinero acta as judge in the Great Unacted Competition for one-act pl&yB;, wbich ia raking place in the London Weekly Comedy." Tbe winner wSl receive a gold anedaLand bis play will be performed at a West End theatre. . . Geo. Ed ward rs account of the private history of Dorothy ahowa that patience and perseverance may sometimes go unrewaided. Produced at the Gaiety io September, it was kept on the bills for four months at a return short of working expenses. Transferred to tbe Prince of Wales's for two months, the result was again a Jos averaging L200 a week. There upon Ed ward es and Cellier's heroine parted company, andMr Leslie became the fortunate owner of Dorothy for the stun of L1000. How ft subsequently wed with Dorothy during its run of two years everyone know. 