THE DE?ATH OF TlHE OROWN ' PRINCE OF AUSTRIA. S.(VnoS TiE "A1 ROUS.") ,: Maniy I conflicting statoeionts are current respecting tile circumstaneca of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narratives supply details of the versions mvist widely circulited. Prince Ru dolplh had for tlio Inst three years at, least been living in a bad way. Ills dislppoilitment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, and his infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. - The Prince took to drinking to excess, and being of slight build, a nervous lymphatic temperament, and higily imaginative and excitable, lie could not stand wine. IHe--lost his interest in his literary pursuits 'and artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did imad tligs wlen nout hear-shooting and deerstalking. 1-lo was frequently seen .with flushed face.. Ho took pleasure in loose society, became smitten with a fondness for., ghost storiesi and' spiritualism, and was haunted with a fear that he might become mad, like Louis thi Second of Bavaria. He had ln intrigue will a Baroness Mario von V., a yoang lady, 21 years old, one of the benuties of Austrian society. She belonged to an oll Czech family, :mid was niece of a well-known Austrian sportsimnl. The acquaintance between the bWroness and the Crown Prince began some hionths ngd. This increased the estrangemint between thli Crown Priinco nid his wife. He scarcely made any secret of hisdetermination to obtain a divorce. He counted. confidently on receiving thli assistance of the Emperor, on account of the disappointment expe rienced by His Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could havo no further issue. To thl Crown Prince's surprise ond disappointment, however, the Emperor point, blank rofused to countenance anything of tih kind. 'His Majesty professed himself, as lie undoubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and he rated hli son for his unmaritalV conduct. On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrihle scene between the Prince and his wife. The Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, aud the Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. Ho.-told the Prince that lie would appoint him Governor of. Bosnia ntd obligo him to go and live at Serajevo. " There," lie said, " you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these s?cndals." At the sanme time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for thei last time in public at the Princess Reuss's reception. On that same Sunday evening ie was wearing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in.a gay mood, though flushed and somiewlat flighty. Tlh next morning his father stnt ' for . him, and repented what lie had said on the previous day, but with more Iperemptoriness, adding that lie would give the Prince a week to ninke his submission, and promise to lead a better life. The Prince got very angry, and left his father without kissing his liand,. according to the Austrian custom. Striding away to his apart tments, he took ofe his uniform, lput on a suit of,'shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Piillip of Colirg, and Count Joseph Hloyos, inviting them to join Iim at Meyerling for a couple of days shooting. Soon afterwards hn started for Meyerling in a two-horse cab, driven ly a man nained Bratfitsch, a noted siriger of coimic songs. On Tuesday night 'tlh Prifi'c dined with Count Hoyns, and steadied his nerves willt a good denl of clhampagne.. At first lie was in very low spirits, but Ihe gradually brightened up; and after dinner, Bratitscli, .thae cabiian,' was summoned to sing to him. Tie Prince, Count Hoyos, iitd DBrntisclh reiamined together until 3 o'clock in tlhe morning; but during the intorvals between Brat tisch's songs, tihe Prince several tiinc? left the diningroom atnd wont to. his study to. write' letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. .At 3 a.m. this singular company separated on tlhe iunderstanding that the Printco would go out shooting at 0 o'clock in thl morning. From this point tile accoumits difftr, some telling the ganilckooper's story, and making tll girl whoi committed suicide not tli Baroness von V., but another young lady of thel Austrian aristocracy of Portugese extraction -and flerce temper. TIh dny after the Priico's deparlture fromt Vioinna sao wellt-out shopping with her nint,' anl gave that hulty the slil while tle two were in.a warlelhouso together. On renchiig Marling shle insisteId ion soeing tih l'rinco. The inlterviow quitel unnerved liim. Slih stormed, and declared that liher sihallno ould sootl bIleonlle tI)bllf, and telned by sanying that lliless tieo Prine would tlak;e tll o)pelily lltidir his lrol'ctiin, and e-.ll wiith her for I fivw wiri ks oit 'i reigP ll tratv'rl tlut wolil t n i t'iilt suii . Th ie t'ri ne taII KIe frighti.,n l tillt he I dirl d iot, ll lth l llsid Ifr am hel " l, l rII i hlrin lif r a 11 ni)iht at Alyo?rline, an, -he was =.(r \lingly hi .tall mll,,d it Ihn hliUso l dge Ith h l l t.?lllill' I (ll, tIll' I I . IIt'll li' llh ll - 'I I t. Ill llni Il I l I hl lh ' I ri rllltt ill ,I" 'hlodge, sin hiit ll ,youngiilyllg hi)'. Ath Iii? hoar th1 i uililhar l1 wyiri, It Iiiiiii uialw' d V '?Wlhdih , w i!,l K(Ihin hill ni ht rI'llollll l (. I t .. ... I I, w,i I,,,. l ... .. th .... . ... ....i ,i ., window.it the side open and soliebody jump out. Having no idoa that the Prince was in tlhe house he rln roud, indtl saw a annl scanpering offl in the dark. Iln shouted` " stop". atid the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedering hurried up, and the Crown Prinlee, strulggling to his feet, gasped out, "IT nIl the Arelhduko Rudolllph. I not hit. Load nlo to the Schloss." The. Prico swooned just as lie reached the window, where the girl whlom he hid left a few. inoments before was standing. Wreedering appears then to have called out in his distraction that lie had killed the Prinlc, upon which the girl with: drew with a dismayed, shriek, and swallowed the conttn's of a bottle of poison which she had brogllht with her. It is not cetrtlin whether the Prinico kneiv whlt she had done. The only certninl thig is that recoverilg quickly from his swoon he ordered \Veedering .lgain to help llim walk to the Schloss, nid gave himn the strictest itljunctions to hold his tonlgue. The Prince.then went homo, and shortly afterwards wais found lying dead, drielnched with blood. lie was lying half out of bed, and a revdlveir was on the floor. According to another story the tnlekeepier's tale is all Ihlae, and ile trolt is saiid to be us follows :--'The Prince went to Mloyerling, and the Boroness Marie disappeared, leaving a note for her mother in whlich she siid ithlat ieoe was going to dilrown her self. Hler terrified iollther instantly wentto the Count Tallst, tltlhu Ausirisii Premiier, and the latter lpromlised to cause illquiries to be made. Doteotives were accordingly pIlaced ulipo the track of the young lady, anld n lhe following day, they mlade tie liscevery tht shell was stayiig with the Crown Prince at leyerling. Coiini T'Iaufi'o clonveyed the infolrmation to her motllher, who, oln \VWedesday mitorning, tie day of ilie suicide, went to the Ett?lleror and laid the matter before hin. On returntilng home the imother folund anuother lettor fron her dlaughter, dated fromo Mleyrling, in whlich the youthfull baroness announced that she and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. The Prince hnd.promised her umarriage is soon as lie obtained his divorce froml the Princess, and when lie informed her that this was now impnlossible owing to the Enlperor's refutsal to consent to a divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroomi of the Prince. Whlen Loschek, the Prince's valet, enltered the bedroom in the niornling, after havinlg vainly knoclked for admnittance, lie found the bodies of the two lovers lying on lthe bed. Before cnlling for anyone lhe carried the body of the baroness into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Philiplpe of Cobrg andil Count H-Ioyas, on being Fsumimuined by Losclhok, entered tilhe edroom, they saw only the body of the Crown Prince; and naturally concluded that it was a simpl e case of suicide, as was'reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's deatn the Emnllperor at once saspected the truth, and orclaimned, " I would rather have lost a province than that this disgrace should have befullen me. The correspondent' of the Daily News at Roine states that lie lies beet able to. learn the exact lisrlicilars of what occurred at the Vauicuan between the Holy See and ile lllmperial Famlily of Vienna on the' occasion of Prinice Rudollph's death. The Popo received the' first falegramn, anillnoiucing simply the death of the Prince, to which Ill Holiness himself wrote "a reply of a few lines, atil this for hine was ant ex traordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest dilliculty in holding a ien. On the following day there caime a long tologralt from Vienna, explaining all the circumistaliods of the case, fromi which it nplpeared that there liad Ineon both a suicide and a duol. A difictilty, therefore, arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious buritll according to calonnical law.' Suicide beoing cuaoidered in the light of muado iess a religious service ,is granlteil. list it is not allowed to those killed in duels. Ilie congregetioli of cardinals . immediately :, assembled by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion, the cardinals cameo to the conolusion that only oni deranged in mind could have entared hito suitli a duel. The natural consequence of the deoision was that the necessary piertissitn was granted. Tho Empeloror received the Inews with the deetliest gratitudelo, and telegrapllhell to the Pope that in his great boreavouiernt His Iloliltess had spared him the greatest grief. Hilltoiliy's Pills .-PtIuro tteMd.-Whent the Blood Is purl , its chlrulhtl ln minl aild IequILtll Ii,iaId ih I i' i-, ti w e t-ll s gtrl , ee lire wivll. Thtrse l 15 p'lll s Imll iiil ll rvlehlllo iiliiOW liir i Ciiikh i IIIII i~I I iiihn ltii f h Iillh y lllrilyii n il r iisih 1 11i1n1,n1ll itIrI ,il/Iuh 'liIn ILilu i alhs n ld suluis, Il llowaiy's Pils i 140 Inlifl'einitg foii dl i bli rl digtI onllrllll I ll wllrti ll ' it' rvous i fait i ' s, rIL ric lll pinll , T'l h y e riert noli ty atl| h rt(l SImii Al?, l sii hk headl ach, qhi lh i c\ iLlhl )tisiei( i nii t I Ivor i id i t ii I ti ir t , i li u1' i11 I , h1 s.1 'it w 'ill l i, I~ 11ilo i 'wa i a l ill i Iull o lll'llll ' civl llll h?abb: I%+11+ I l;'i 8 ?i I NAI'I'S is t|tll l In l? I tIllh r \VhII I.le l (i llltd prI I (lO llvia e rltilll, s th nsiu ,ic ,. iclhuImbleiil?ilh iihil 