EXTRAORDINARY LUNACY CASE. AN IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. On Monday, December 3, at tbe Inns of Coort Hotel, London, before Mr. Nicholson, one of the Masters In Lunacy, and a special jniy of Middlesex, an en- quiry, ordered by the Lord Chancellor, ma opened to investigate the alleged lunacy of Major Samuel Richard John Oven, late of the Indian army. The petitioners were Mr. Samuel Walsh Oven sad Mr. Leopold Henry Owen, sons of the alleged lunatic, for whom Mr. George Candy, QC, and Mr. Strood appeared. Major Owen, who occupied a seat by the side of the master, was represented by Mr. Finlay, Q,G., M.P., and Mr. Upjohn. He was described as formerly residing at Monnt Slon, Ventnor, Isle of Wight, and afco at Flanders road, Chlawiek. Mr. Candy said tbe petitioners were tfce only earviving children of Major Owen, who served with distinction in the Indian army dnrins the mutiny. On re tiring, he went to Ventnor to live. The fscts which he should more especially bring to the notice of the jury arose principally ont of the relationship that had subsisted during the past two yean be tween, tbe major and a young lady named Mary Morey, whose maiden name was Mary Johnson. The major, many years ago, made the acquaintance of the lady who was now his wife, and she was a spiritualist. Subsequent to that Intro duction the major seemed to have taken to THE STUDY OF SM MTU All STIC UTEE-ITURn, and there was no donbt that at present he was firmly convinced that he was con stantly In communication with the "nwH?n world, his theory of life being that he must obey the behests of persons who were neither tangible nor visible to mortal hands or eyes. Every action of his life was governed accordingly, even to the most trivial points. In the house at Ventnor, called Mount Sion, there was one room fitted spin a most gorgeous way, and was described as " THE UOLY OF UOLIES," and Into which profane persons wexe not allowed to enter, but where the most seri ous communications took place between the supernatural and those persons who were allowed by the major to be present. Mary Johnson, the nefae of Mr. John F. CofllDgwood, married a young man namei FrsnkMorey in the latter part of 1886, and the honeymoon, remarkable to say, was spent by the husband and wife In the company of the respondent. Afterwards Major Owen took Mrs. Morey abroad. Shortly after the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Morey ceased to live together as husband a?d wire, bnt on August 39 MRS. MOHEY WAS i-OSHSEDOk A I I.MALU ? HILD. In the chamber of tbe Uo'y of Holies, and counsel read a long and extraordinary letter which the respondent wrote Mr. Coiflngwood, describing certain circum stances attending the confinement, and in which he explained that he wrote in order that the information might come direst from him tn the first instance, as— Seetcta slip Dice water If they concern your motbrr, wife, or daughter. (Laughter). He described the confine ment as an abnormal one. Although Mrs. Morey believed she was a virgin, the fact remained that she was delivered of a female child, and Maj ;r Uccovm under the belitf that thi: isr.utT wv, miiu.? rLor^Lv asp j*- MA< I.TATELY > OSCtIVtU. and expressed great disappointment at tbe sex of the child, a* he thought It would have represented the Second Per son of the Tnzdty. Eight days prior to the birth ft was uippolod that a priaoe was born In the upper chamber, and that it was taken up to heaven by the nujar to his deceased wife. The major thought he was in constant communication with tbe angels, and that Mrs. Frank Motey was an angel, and bad told bis aoa that on receiving a mandate to that enact he would sacrifice hiss in the same way aa Abraham did Isaac. On another occa sion the major bought a picture at an auction for £8 IGs.,aud had to take it home to ascertain the subject. He bought it because of a super* natural communication, and the nubj?ct turned out to be ' 'Melchlzedec" Coassel contended that Major Owen was Incapable. of managing his affairs, and called evi dence in support of his statement, Includ ing Mr Cowagwood, of 96, Great Port land-street, who had been sssnrisftnrt with Major Owen at the Anthropological Society. Mrs. Mary MBler, the nurse who attended Mra Morey in her confine ment, said Major Owen described the birth as a miraculous one, bat WJTKE.V- COCLD SEE ?OTnLVo MIRA. XLOLI ACOtT IT. The major told witoess she did not understand things—that Mxa. Moray wu as " angel-woatan," (Lsaghter). Tbm major calkd. Mrs. Storey his darling. Mrs. Moray asked the major if he thought it was possible for him to have a baby. He replied. " Quite possible." Witness said—" If you do, I will nurse yon myself and keep myself Into the bar gain." (Renewed laughter.) Major Owen said, " Don't make rash promises." Hehsd also told her that Mrs. Mocey could see things and call upon tbe spirit of hi* mother. He also said that a vase in tbe room moved at sack times. He told her he had been to the Holy Land, bad ae*n the serpent with the braked head, and he showed her a dove's feather which he said be had taken frcm the crown of thoriM. (Laaghter.) gueationed by Mr. Fiulay witness cald the feather came from Mount Calvary. She though the major had got "atUelorae.' On Tuesday Mrs. Sarah Sophia Owes, the wife of one of the petitioners, residing at Chiswkk, said tbe major and his wife came on a visit to them m •) one of this year, and stayed with them three weeks. The respondent told her that eight days prior to the confinement of Mrs. Morey • little prince was born, and that IT WAS TAK£S i:P TO HKAVE.K BY THE MAJOR. and delivered up to Um care of its mother, August 23, sbe was told, was the anni versary of the birth of the Golden Prince. On that day Mrs. Frank Morey, Miss Morey, Mist Harrison, and batseU weie taken into the room called the Holy of Holies. All except tbe witness had white dresses. The m*jor wore a hat with a feather in it, and a long white g*r men? trimmed witin gold. Mrs. Frank Morey a baby was placed in the midst of them, and they were subsequently told It was trying to speak to them, and that tbe little pilgrim prince was in It It was all very sacred aad solemn. Mias Harrison, while sitting on the couch dropped appa rently icreneible on tbe floor, and, a ptlloir being placed under ber bead, she was allowed to remain for eome time. They all knelt dowD, as they were told they were in the presence of God. Mrs. Morey was at that time on tbe bed, and after cover ing ber face with ber hands she waved them towards the ceiling, and then closed her eyes. The witness then sat down by the aide of the bed and watched her, and the first thing she said, addressing the witness, was, '• you Diary . reatc-re !" It was explained to her that Mrs. Morey had just come down from heaven, Mid that everything down here appeared bo dirty. Major Owen was present at the time. On another occasion Major Oven seemed very poorly. He was In bed, and ho told her that his spirit had left the body, and that it was now only gradually coming back to it Mrs. Morey, coming in, addressing him said, " You have been 'gallivanting' again." "Oh," said he, " where hive I been T' "Ohina,"ahere plied, " helping them with their political matters." (Laughter.) Several medical gentlemen wen next called to speak to the Insanity ef the cespandeafc. MAJfift SWES EXAJUma. Tfaeevitatt far the petitMMr haviag feeeaveeatelvd**} Ibjoi Owen wssmiawiinni by Mr. Fiaia*. be sat* he ttk •# tfc* ttswytf spiric?a?M?if?)£7l. Ftoaa tlto Investigation* he had made he did not g'lieve in spiritualism, and never had nor said he had any personal communication with spirits. Questioned about the room called the Holy of HoHs* the respondent said he never called it by that name; that wa? only what Mrs. Morey called It. It waa simply a room set apart for relic'ons purposes. He denied the truth of tbe evidence for the petitioners gene rally. The allegations against him were only twietings of what he had said refer ring to the spirit of the Holy Ghost. Medical and other evidence was then called on behalf of the respondent. On Wednesday Mr. Frank G. Cox (called on behalf of the respondent), said re was engaged in a bank at Ventnor. Major Owen was a customer, fie was very keen as regarded his banking accounts, and he never aaw anything about him to lead him to suppose that he was of nn?onnd mind. Mr. Francis Truman stated tbat Major Owen was the tenant of a house belonging to him at Ventnor. Witness never noticed any thing unusual about Um. Cross ex amined—Why did he alter the name from Katrine Villa to Mount Sion i—l did not care what he called tbe villa so long as he paid the rent. Sir. Frank Morey (examined by Mr. Finlay) said he was the husband of the lady whose cMM, as well as herself, had been so frequently mentioned. VOl' iRE THE FATHER OF THIS ?lriLD ? Most certainly, sir. (Laughter.) It is rather an extraordinary question to put. Well, I apologise for putting it, but, so far aa yon know, ia there the slightest ground for any suggestion of immorality between Major Owen and your wife I — None whatever. Cross-examined, the witness sttd he remembered the major taking his wife abroad. Since then bis wife had not lived at the major's expense ; for months she had stayed at Newport with him at hfs father's boose. He knew bis wife was a.spiritualistic medium when he married her. Mr. Finlay addressed the jury for the respondent, and Mr. Nicholson having summed up, the jury retired at a quarter past 3, and, returning at 10 minutes to 4, the foreman intimated that they found that Major Owen was of sonnd mind and capable of managing his own aii'tlra. Mr. Juchuleoo—ls tbat a uoanimooa vcrcict >. The foreman—No. Twelve for and 11 agaloet. 