I ROCKHAMPTON Pu LICE COURT. Monday, February S5, ISS9. Before the Police Magistrate. TUE EFFECTS OF DRINK. George Lawn, a cab-driver, was charged with beiug drunk and disorderly, and assault- ing Police Countable Jennings while in the execution of his duty.-The evidence given by Jennings went to show that on Saturday, in consequence of a disturbance which was taking place in the Alliance Hotel, he was ordered to go inside by Inspector Morrisset. While there he found it necessary to arrest the prisoner, who made a violent resistance. A severe struggle took plaoe between the two mcu, in which Lawn bit the constable in the shoulder. There were a number of other oabmcu there, and Jennings said instead of receiving any aBsistauce^ from them they buBtlcd him until he fell to* the ground. Even- tually the prisoner »as handcuffed, with the assistance of two other constables, and taken to thc lockup.-Mr. Lukin -. Can you tell me the names of any of the cabmen who laid hands a on you?-Jennings : I did not say that they' laid hands on me ; they only jostled mc amongst themselves. I koow the names of two of them, and the others by sight.-Lawn applied for an adjournment. He said he could produce three or even more witnesses from stoney Creek, who had seen the con- stable seize him by the throat, and strike him in the back of tho head.-Mr. Lukin said certainly, he could have the adjournment if bc desired it.-Jtnuings denied that he had used any more force thau he had been com- pelled to. It was the defendant who had bena so violent.-Mr. Lukin: I suppose so. (To Lawn) Do you Buppose a constable is goiug to let you seize hold of him by the teeth without doing homething to make you luave go ?-Lawn : No, sir.-Mr. Lukin : Suppose a dog #ot hold of you in the leg by the teeth, wouldn't tuc first thing you would do bo tu seize him by the throat?-Lawn : Well, yes. I suppose I ehould.-Mr. Lukin : Then how much more would you do it to a man ! - Lawn (to the constable) : But didn't I say I wouid go quietly without you handcuffing mo ?-Jen niuge : Yes, uftor the others came.-Mr. Lulim (ironically) : Oh, yes. After you were heated you said you would go quio'.ly. Tiut is a common thing.-Lawn euid lio thought perhaps it would be better to do without the adjournment, aud have the thing squared up now.-Mr. Lukin : Quito right too. I have seen you myself lately, drunk day after day ; and I am sorry for this, because when 1 fust came hère you were one of the respectable cabmen. Now you have falleu away, and tboro is no doubt that some of you cabmen who drive women of the town about the etreets in the daytime want cautioniug.-Jennings said he did not wish to press the charge of assault against the defendant.-Mr. Lukin : You have nothing to do with that. A constable's individuality is sunk in tho public welfare. If men were allowed to assault constables with impunity it would bc a serious thiug. Here ho did not assault you as a man, but os a constable, and I shall hue him £3 for that, and £1 for being drunk. I have no doubt if he assaulted you us a man you could give a satisfactory account of yourself.-Lawa paid the mouey, and OB he was goiug away Mr. Lukin said: The best thing you can do, Lawn, is to put the peg in for twelve months.-Lawn : All right, sir. I cannot staud very much. Dr. Voss can tell you I have had sunstroke, and anything upsets me.-Mr. Lukin : Yes ; you were suustruck the other day when I saw you riding about inside a cab. A DRUNKEN NIGHT-WATCHMAN. Charles M'Cabe, a night-watchman, was charged witb being drunk.-Mr. Lukin : I thought you had gone home, M'Cabe, to that fortune you had left you. I have not ssen you for some time. You are charged with being drunk. It was no more thau usual, I suppose?-Senior Sergeant Love said the defendaut had been in the lock-up since Saturday, and he was arrested for being helplessly drunk.-Mr. Lukin told defendant he might go. Of UNSOUND MIND. In the case of James Dougherty, who was arrested at Mount Morgan on suspicion of being of unsound mind, the evidence of Police Constable Kelly was taken. He said he was standing on thc verandah of the lock-up at Mount Morgan, when he saw the accused go by shouting out that he was the Lord Jesus Chris;. Ile weut towards him, when he called out that they were not to lay hsuds on him, as he waB thu Holy Ghost. The prisoner was arrested, and then be became very violent. He tore the coat off thc back of Dr. Koooey, « ho was fetch, d to examine him, and also the shirt off one of thc constables. The mau is an i old icsiJcut, it seemB, and about seven years ago he was arrested at Crocodile on a similar charge, lie did not have the appearance of suffering from delirium trevww. The poor fellow is now iu the reception house. 