TALES AMD SKETCHES. BANK SIDE, OR THE BELL OEST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER BE.SANT, Author ok Dorothy I'orsteh, the Chaplain ok tub Fleet, Herr Paulus, &o.; Chapter II,.— A Sunset on Bank Side. ' It-was the evening of tUo longest day in all the year. For oncothe occasion — whicli is too often noglcctcd — was recognised and honored. There Iiad been ordered, at the Weather Office, a day of sky so cloudless and blue, with sunshine so -warm and air so soft, that all the Italian ocean grinders fell faint and sick with nostalgia, and sat down on the kerh while the women did tho work for them ; and those strangers who wore newly arrived from New York, Molhournce Paris or St. Potcrsburgh, asked if this was truly tho City of Perpetual Fog.' And 'since it is generally tho practice of the English day, if it begins in sunshine, to end in cloud, it was for this occasion specially enjoined, under penalty of the Office being transferred to Labrador, that tho evening should, until the very sotting of tho sun and aftor, contiuuo clear, bright aud beautiful. At a quarter-past eight 011 this day a young man was leaning over tho wooden wall ot the old, first and original — for many years tho only —Embankment, called Bank Side, watching tile river and the City on the other side. He stood at that spot — it is on tho west of Soutliwark Bridge, where there aro Stairs. They are not anciont Stairs ; they arc not those at which the Elizabethan citizens landed to sco tho ma'.inte at tho Globe, or to catch a fleeting rapture at tho Baiting of tho Bear, or to mako love among tho winding walks of Paris Gardens. Formerly thcro wero no Stairs between the Mold Strand, on tho west, and St. Mary Overies on the cast. Thcso Stairs are mere modern tilings constructed in tho last century. But some thoughtful Resident, ancient or modern, lias caused to be built abovo them a small pen, enclosure or fold, furnished with two wooden benches, capable of holding at least four persons, and forming a gazebo or belvedere from which to view tho river and to take the air. This young man bad so luckily chosen his time and was so singu larly fortunate iu tho day, that lio had beforo his eyes quite the most magnificent Spectacle that tho world affords. Owing to the sins of London this splendid show is seldom indeed granted ; and no mail is informed beforehand, not even the Meteorological Prophet, when it is going to be performed. Again, the places whore one can get a really fiuo view of it are so few and for tho most part so inaccessible—' who knoweth, for instance, tiic way from Piccadilly to Bank Bide? — that tho greater number aro hindered even if tlicy wished to assist at the representa tion. And, lastly, tho time for which tho Pageant is fixed is inconveniently connected with tho dinner-hour. For all thcso reasons there is novcr any crowd to -seo the Show, aud the newspapers never send a reporter. Yet those who have been privileged to behold it go about the rest of their lives dociaring that there is no placo liko London for such a Spcctaolo ; that tho mist and moisture of tho air causo the colorstobc morosplcndidand their infinite variety and chnngo more wonderful, than iu any other .pot upon tho world ; and that 110 Transform ation Scene was ever presented to an audience, even at tho Lane, which can compare with tho effects produced by Nature's own sccno- painter. They are simple and massivo, yet tlioy are continually varying ; there are no colors known to.tho artist liko unto thoso which show iu tho "West for a moment and then pass into some thing differont yet as beautiful ; no pigment was ever yet mado winch could ever represent them; they have 110 name ; they have never boen imitated in silk, satin, jute, flax, or cloth of gold'; and as they vary and ohango from ono moment to tho next, advancing in splendor as tho sun sinks lower, they form such a pageant as would bring tears to tho eyes of tho oldest Acadomiclan if ho over saw it— but he does not, boiBg entirely occupied xvitli tho painting of ' P.ihlishod by special arrangements with the Mibtr. ' All rights reserved. portraits. Tho sight and tho splendor of it would also causo tho most conceited young poet, if he ever did— but he docs not, being occupied wholly with Society — to creep softly and limply out of the press, and away from tho company of man, for fear I10 should be asked to describe those glories ill immortal verse. Where tho young man stood, if he looked down tho river ho could see, close at hand, Sonthwark Bridge, and, beyond it, the ugly Railway Bridge running into the ugly Railway Station ; both together shut out the view of all that lay beyond— London Bridge and the Tower and the masts of the ships in the Fool- Even the most splendid sunset cannot make tho Can non Street Terminus beautiful. But if he looked up tho river I10 saw, first, Blackfriars Bridge, standing out with sharp, clear lines, a3 if cut out of black cardboard ; abovo it, the dazzling golden light of tho western slty ; and below it, tho broad bosom of the river at the flood. The waters of the river, which under the grey sky of a cloudy day are as brown as the waters of the Arno, and even under the bluest sky of midday lack the brightness of the Tyno and the sparkle of tlio Usk, now reflected back tho wonders of the evening, and wero themselves as splendid as tho skies abovo. Then he looked aeross the river. Immediately oppo site rose the pile of St. Paul's, vast and majestic —Bank Side is now tho only place ' where you have a really good view of St. Paul's. On either side of St. Paul's rose in lessor glory tho spiro of St. Brido, tho Dragon ' of Bow, the pinnacles of Aldcrmarie, tho Tower of St. Micliacl's, and I know not how many moro ol Wren's masterpieces : for though the Great Fire destroyed many Churches which were not rebuilt, and though modern barbarians have pulled down many more, London is still a City of Churches, and there are plenty left for those who, when the Great Return tnkes place and the merchants once more go back to live within tho City walls, will look to worship in the old Churches after tho manner of their forefathers. Below the Churches, 011 the northern bank, aro the wharves and warehouses — Paul's Wharf, Baynard's Castle, and tho ancient Port of Queenliithe. This old harbor still retaineth its former shajio, though its buildings, which were low, moon, and ugly, yet picturesque, have long since been transformed into others, bigger and uglier yet not picturesque, and even its old Church with the Golden Ship has been wickedly destroyed by the modern barbarians aforesaid. Below him, floating bravely 011 the flood, 'were moored the broad barges which now, for thoir number and their goodliness, make the glory of Bank Side. Not 0110 or two aro here, but 50 or 60 or 100, if you were to count, all of generous tonnage and capacity not to be guessed. There were, tiiis evening, so many of them that they extended even more than half-way across the rivor. Some had masts and brown canvas soils, now furled, ready to dropdown as far as tho Nore, if necessary ; all wore painted gaily with stieakaof rod, blue, yellow, and green; some wero empty aud waiting for their freight ; sorno were laden, and thcso seemed to be carrying away all the worthless jetsam of tho City ; they were heavy in the water with broken glass bottles ; they wero full of rusty and broken iron ; tlicy were piled as high as tho arches of the Briilgo witii empty petroleum barrels. There were no guards or watchmen on board this great fleet — the River Police pay 110 attention to this marine — for who would lift a lighter ? How would ono dispose of a stolen barge ? What poor wretch is there in all the world sunk so low as to fill his knavish pockets with broken glass. And on all thcso things alike — for the sun, whether the suu in splendor, 01- the sun at his sotting, knows no differences and hatli no favorites — 011 tho dome and upper windows and the ball and cross of St. Paul's, on the dragon of Bow, on the spires aud weathercocks and chimney pots ; 011 tiic warehouses, which, in the white light of noon, make but a dingy show ; 011 the clumsy barges with their brown sails, lay the splendor of tho sunset, so that all was illu minated aud transformed; the spires wero flames of fire; the towers belonged to some Castle of Phantasy ; the warehouses wero of precious marble, all purpio and crimson, or veined and streaked with color, grander than any palaces of Venice ; the barges wero ships of Fairyland ; and tho river, reflecting the glory of tho sky, rolled along 111 a broad and glowing iiood finer even tliau the Gratulo Canale when tlio Italian sunset lies upon its waters and paints its marble stairs. For the sun of Italy is not so soft, and under tho sky of Italy there lack tho miiits which, in England, assume such depth end charm of color. " Yesterday," said the young mau, " it xvasall so gloomy and grey that it made one tremble and shudder. To day it is transformed. Oil ! it is liko some poot's vision." Ho was, for his part, neither painter nor poot ; lie had 110 knowledge, save from books of Venice and its palaces ; therefore iie could not mako tlio comparison indicated above. There was nothing liko Thames above bridge in the city of iris birth or ill tlio country to which ho belonged. That city was Sydney, and that country was New South Wales, in Australia; aud tins was only tile seoond day of liis fiist visit to London. Only bis second day. And yot ho was actually standing 011 Hank Side, Soutliwark, at 8.15 m tlio evening, looking at tho sunset, instead of sitting in tlio stalls listening to the overture of an opera bonffc. No other colonial has ever so much as visited this spot ; very few even of tlio natives of this great city know of it ; yet tiiis was only his second evening, and he was here watching the sunset. One would think that lie had come all the way from Australia to see a sunset. Once thorn was a New Eealandor who came to visit the land of liis ancostors. Ho was persuaded to take up liis quarters at a hotel in America- square. Ho stayed there for threo months. Not an amusement was there throughout Rat- cliltc, Shndwell, \ Yapping ami l'oplar, but he found it out nnd took liis fill of it. Then lie returned home, satisfied with tlio pleasures of London. Ho confessed tiiat for the rest of liis life lie would want 110 more pleasure. Laurence Waller— this was the name of tlicyoiing Austra lian, and lio was tho son of 110 less a personage than Sir David Waller, K.C.M.G., Premier of New South Wales— know more than this. Yet, for a reason, I10 had taken a lodging in Bank Side, and this was to bo his first night in that lodging. Ho was not a oonspiratov ; ho was not a social reformer ; ho was not collecting statistics or facts ; lio was not compiling a book 011 the lower levels ; he had 110 theories ; he even dis liked t)ic lower levels, and loved a well behaved man anil a well dressed girl very, very much better than thoso who are roughly lnannerodand ill dressed. Ho was a rich young man ; he was as fond of taking his pleasure as any other well regulated young man, and lie found his pleasure in muoh the saino pursuits, that is to say, lie loved to lido, shoot, act, sing, play cricket, sit out with a pretty girl, ilauco with her, walk with her, talk with her. He also loved to sit at his club anil talk to tlio 111011. And yot I10 was at Bank Side. What was lie doing there V Laurence Waller was in stature somewhat taller than tho avcrago Englishman, and rather moro slightly built ; his face, sunlmrut from a long.voyage, was unmistakably English, though I supposo that Australia will develop her own types of face for herself, in tho course of a few moro generations— she must, if she respects her self. . Clearly it was a cheerful face, belonging to a Young man who has 110 quarrel at all with the world, and as yet has found no cause of complaint as to tho general management of man kind at large, or his own personality in particu lar ; a face which inspired confidence in old ladies, young ladies, women who aro not ladies, 111 children and in dogs, but not in betting men, welshcrs, and those who practise the confidence lay. Young gentlemen wlio walk as if they were accustomed to rely on themselves, and carry their hands as if they knew liow to use them as fists, do not attract these honest tradesmen. His hair was of a not unusual brown, ami his features wore regular enough not to mar liis expression. His age was well withiu the twenties. Since the whole of tho world is worth anything at all— love, friendship, ambition, hone, enthusiasm, good digestion, strength and fight ing power belong essentially to tho twenties — he ought on that account alone to be enormously enviocl by all who have passed into the thirties, or — poor beggars !— even beyond. This said, it seems an unnecessary detail that he possessed somewhat remarkable eyes ; they were eyes of . a clear, dark blue ; eyes which wero perceived at once, even by tho most shallow observer, to be capable of containing and of reflecting a good deal of light, -such as the light of laughter, the light of generous wrath, tho light of pity, tho light of sympathy, tho light of enthusiasm, and tho light of love. It is by sttcii lights that Australia will be advanced. One does not' claim for thisyoung man special merit 011 account of his eyes. Many young men betray these emotions in a similar maimer. On tlio other hand, some young men never hangout any such signals, perhaps because they feel these things imperfectly. Laurence presently turned from the river and looked at the place itself where lie was stand ing. Bank Side is not a fashionable promenade. It does not possess any of the popularity which belongs to tho much grander embankment higher up tho river— that which runs from Westminster to Vauxhall, and is adorned, first by St. Thomas's Hospital, which inclines the heart of the working man to works of benevo lence, aud next by Lambeth Palace, which, by its venerable appearance, "makes liim for the moment tolerant of orthodoxy. Bank Side, again, never lias been fashionable. Many parts of - London have at one time or the other belonged to the great world ; there wore Royal Palaces at Baynard's Castle, at Tower Royal, at Cold Harbor, aud at St. Bride's; there were palaces in the Strand ; Illustrious people lived m Drury, and great nobles in Solio. Once there was a Bishop's Palace at Bank Side, but so long ago that the very memory of it has gone long since, and peoplo have forgotten how a certain street there has gotten its name. There was a period— it only lasted 50 years or so — when the people cnmc across from Paul's wharf and Queen Hithe to tho Falcon Stairs to see Shakspeare's new play at'tlie Globe, the Swan, or the Rose. Then the place was inhabited by the player folk, who drank, and sang, and revelled, and laughed, and quarrelled, anil fought in the taverns which still— some of them — survive in obscure courts and corners of this forgotten place. Tho players bad, for tho most part, short lives, but tlicy were merry ; their friends were the poets, and such as loved poetry. Their manners and morals were deplorable; their .wives and mistresses were ns disreputable as themselves. and were constantly getting ducked for their quarrels and their jealousies and their noisy tongues. Now they all lio buried in the church yard of St. Saviour's, formerly St. Mary Overy. When the theatres wero built across the river, the players and the poets exchanged Bank Side fori Portugal-street ; and presently: even the Clink itself, where so many of the poor players had been laid by tho heels, was pulled down. Thoro was no longer any use in keeping up the Clink. The young man, then, turning from the river, considered for a moment the old . Embankment with its wooden walls and the houses facing it. The place was littered witii coils of rusty chain and bits of rusty machinery. There were cranes for the hoisting of things in and out of the barges; there wero ' stairs to the water; there were planks lying in position for tho wheel barrows between tho Embankment and the barges ; on tho other side of tho road were gates leading to lactones, works, ana wnarrcs. Between the gates were one or two public- houses of a quiet kind, such as tho "Legless Tom," the "Dominie's Dux," in Jacob Faith' ful, might have frequented ; a shop or two of a marine or nautical description and a few private houses. The light of sunset fell- upon this place, which at other times is certainly dingy, as well as upon the river, and made it look beautiful and mysterious. It is generally un known wlio arc tho private- residents of Bank Side; if a man wished for perfect retirement, a place where his friends would never think of looking for' him, where he could breathe the freshest air to be found in all London, he could not do bettor than to take one of these houses- there are not many — and live in it. Retirement ho would liavo ; but quiet, one would not promise him, bocauso the works, nnd the cranes, and the yo-hoing of tho bargemen would deprive him of that luxury for 14 hours out of the 24. But, within 0110 of these private houses, he would be as retired as in the heart of the great Syrian Desert. By 8 o'clock in tho evening, however, work is over on the Bank ; the voices of those whoyo-hoon the barges arc silent ; there is .-no moro rolling of empty casks or hoisting of crates full of broken glass ; the paying out of chains lias ceased ; the hammoring at tho steam holler works lias stopped for the day; the vinegar yards aro deserted ; the workmen have left even tlio public houses, which stand open hut have 110 custom ; and Bank Side is loft for the refreshment of those privato folk who may choesc to come here for the tasting of the fresh air. Two or throe, in Fact, .were walkine to and fro or lounging at tlio wooden wall which protects tile bank from tho river. Tho Australian stranger, observing thcso people, became aware — although -he was a stranger and an Australian the thing struck him as incongruous— that they wero, somehow, gentlefolk. Nothing lind prepared him for. gen-; tlcfolk in Bank Side, neither his first impression of tho previous evening when ho engaged his lodgings, nor a certain document in his pocket which had brought him there. Two of them who walked together were men advanced in years — though still vigorous. They passed him once, twice, in silence. As lie looked after them lio observed that tlicy remained silent. Therefore lio lightly concluded they must bo habitual companions. Only men who know each other well aro silent when they walk together. That is the true companionship of tho soul when 0110 can follow out, undisturbed, a lino of thought, ready to stop at a word from tlio other, or to receive a suggestion from -him for the furtherance of that line. One of' them was a tall man, but narrow shouldered' arid stooping. He wore a brown velvet jacket and a felt hat ; liis wliito hair flowed over; his coat collar and his white heard flowed; over his sliirt front. His jacket was old and, as all old 11'iond should, it clung tightly to the arms aud to tlio figure; his trousers; had acquired a certain swelling of tho knee— a disorder or deformity which is tlio terror of young men who lova to go hi dainty raiment yet have a slender purso. . Tiiis gentleman, therefore, was not rich. As fori the velvet jacket, tho broad felt hat, and the i. lonj white locks, they locked like outward tlgua ant , professional adornments, like the epaulettes of a naval officer. Tiieso signs may bo assumed, liko the hairdresser's apron, by tho impostor. But the impostor cannot assume a face of deli cacy, finely cut and lined; which riiarks the' lifo of culture and lofty thought ; nor can the im postor clear the eyes of tho erowsfeet and the mouth of the deep trendies which betray long years spent in money-grubbing. " A11 artist," said the young man, wondering that an artist should be found on Bank Side wandering about, as if I10 was an habitut. "Clearly, an artist. But, perhaps, only a pho tographer." Tho man by his side wore a black frock coat and tlio tall hat common to tlio City and tho West End. There was a oortain confidence in his walk ; be carried his stick as if lio would use it as a weapon of offence on small provocation ; liis head was thrown back ; his black beard streaked with grey looked as if it was not going to turn quito groy without a struggle ; ho ad vanced one leg as lie walked, somewhat like the knave of clubs, but with less ostentation. " Looks like a solicitor," said the young man. " Yet a solicitor on Batik Side ! May be, how ever, a book agent — or a tout— or a temperance lecturer. Botli of them here, perhaps, becauso they arc down on their luck." He came from a country where it is not un common to meet with gentlemen, newly arrived from England, down on their lack. Here thcro are also many such men, but they shrink from observation. Formerly, gentlemen, down 011 their luck found themselves in the long run comfortably settled in the King's Bench or in its Rules", where there was abundance of cood com- pany with the tradition of mirth and jollity. Both King's Bench and tho Rules having been abolished, there is now no recognised retreat. Yet in these days there aro so many gentlemen down on their luck that there must be, some where, a colony or settlement of them living re tired in somo suburb, whither their old acquaint ances will not follow them. I have sometimes thought of Dalston as a likely spot— there is none likelier ; it is clean, airy and remote from Pall Mall ; there is no obtrusion or ostentation of wealth— it is not noisy and vulgar ; yet, so far, my researches have not resulted in tho proof that Dalstdn possesses such a colony. Somo day it will as certainly be found as the present location of the Ten Tribes. When found, it will prove to be a curious colony, preserving many of the manners, customs, commonplaces and jokes which belonged to tlio fashion able world when the colonists retired into obscurity. On the fourth time of passing, one of the two was speaking. " will be President of the Royal Society, I tell you. Yet-somcthing troubles tho boy. Ho should be triumphant-, and ho is uneasy. At his age——" " Do Presidents of the Royal Society come from Bank Side, I wonder V' murmured Lau rence. "Yet, why not 5" They passed 011 their way and out of his hear ing. Besides, it is mean for any one, except a novelist, to listen in the street. Then Laurence saw, standing at the open door of tiic house opposite — quito the cleanest and most respectable house 011 Bank Side— a person of spare and slight figure, with a head ono or two sizes too large for his height. Tins is a de fect by no moans common. His face wa3 smooth arid young, yet his hair was grey. A large nose assisted by his carriage gavo him an air of quiet dignity. His dress included a black froek coat buttoned, a tall hat most carefulty brushed, and an umbrella tightly rolled in its silk case. He also wore a pair of kid gloves. No part of liis dress was in its first youth, or even in its early manhood, but the whole of. it taken together conferred upon the wearer that now almost obsolete quality which used to be called prim ness. The prim man may linger still in old fashioned counting' houses— I know ono in a bank— but he has become so rare that the younger folk have lost knowledge of iris kind. Lesser officials of nil kinds, 50 years ago, affected primness as a part of that personal dignity 'which has been since so largely lost. "Hero is Lucius," said Laurence, sighing. "My dear mother, I hope you are satisfied,- so far. It was, in fact, none other than Mr. Lucius Cottle' himself, whose lodger the young man had that day become. Ho descended tlio two door steps with as much dignity as' if they had been the staircase of a Venetian palazzo, and as slowly as if he had at his own disposal all the time there is. . 1 " Takeoff that coat of yours," said his lodger. Give you a swallow tail with black silk smalls and stockings and a bunch of gold seals at your fob— and you'd do for Charles Lamb. Put you into a velvet coat, with a flowered waistcoat and a powdered wig, and give you a snuff box —and you'd bo ready for tho eighteenth century." It is popularly supposed, thanks to Mr. Prnod and Sir. Austin Dobson, that the eighteenth century was a period of profound reposo and universal leisure. As a matter of proso it was crammed full of hurry aud bustle, driving and goading, sweating and oppressing, cursing and ricking, beating, cuffing and imprisoning. Everybody who was in service of any kind had to hurry up all day long, and the day was thon very much longer than it is at present. Had Mr. Lucius Cottle, for example, lived in the last century, he would have descended thoso steps and gone about liis business with a sur prising alacrity. " Ho ought to be a justice of tho peace," said Laurence, " or the proprietor of a pill." " When Mr. Lucius Cottle had accomplished the descent of tho steps lie looked up and down Bank Side .with a critical air of ownership. So tho country gentleman surveys his stables and liis gardens. Then he turned and contemplated tho . house— this at least was liis own— with infinite pride. Certainly the brightest, the most recently painteu, ami 1110 cieanesc on ine whole Embankment. It was even provided with a Virginia creeper, now putting torth its first shoots of spring. There wero clean white curtains to all tho windows, the iron railings in tho front were clean, tho windows, wero bright, fliA Vtffica nrnl tho handle wero nolishnd. the door steps were white, aud 011 tlio door thcro whs a brass plate as bright iu a mirror, on which was engraved,' In largff black letters, the name, " Mr. Cottle." Homo brass plates might have annohiuSed " Cottle "—short ; or " Lucius Cottle." There is, however, a simple greatness in, Mr..Cqttio," as if nil tho world ought to know him and should speak of him respectfully, aud should be glad to ho told where lie lived. Wiien.hc had looked up and down, he crossed the 'road' daintihyas oucsvlro goetliiii white silk stockings..' .' " You ought," said Laurence, " to have white silk stockings to set off your tliin legs.' You wero born for them." L.WGaod .evening, Mr. Waller,!' I10 said, giving liishand. , "You havc'ddiie well, Sir, in coming to Bank' Side.R Ho spoko slowly, as if liis words' "wore .valuable; -"Hero we breathe." Ho .expanded liis, cliesfc anil waved liis hands. ' Hero we' catch tlje pure breeze' fresh 'from tlio German" Ocean." If this place were generally known, , those, who. now live in Eaton or in Berkeley, square, would gladly exchange with us .ivhojliye upon. the Bank." " "Laurciiee suppressed a frivolous remark about a;, run .upon the bank, arid wondered whether sucli' aij-icxohaiigo would bo ofterwatde con sidered quite fair to both paviics. : " "When lyou came to- me last night, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cuttle went on, " you referred ice to a very respectable firm— in the lower branch. Their assurances made mo resolve to accept tho responsibility of receiving yon as my tenant. You are in England, they told me, on business.'' " On business, Sir. Cottle." " You are yourself also, perhaps, in flic lap- — m the lower branch 5" " No, I am not, I am sorry to say, in tlio law at all — not even on its lowest branch. " " Well, we cannot, unhappily, all belong to the profession. I hope, at ioast, that your stay may be pleasant you and that your business may bo satisfactory." Ho waved liis hnml with an old fashioned gesture. "You will finilrauch that is interesting in tho quarter. As for our selves, wo are, I believe, the oldest family of Bank Side." " Dear, me, "said Laurence, smiling pleasantly. " Tho oldest family ol Bank Side ! For my own part, I only belong to ono of tho youngest in New South Wales." " We have lived here, Sir, for 100 years. Ex actly 100 years ago my grandfather, whose ordeal is unknown, commenced schoolmaster in that very house. The Academy was carried on after his decease — he was buried in Cross Bones YarrI —by my father for 40 yeare with great distinc tion. Mr. Vicesimus Cottle, indeed, is the only English author, since Shakspearc, wlio lias adorned Bank Side. You are acquainted. Sir, with Cottle's Practical Elocutionist ?'' The young man murmured something. He felt that in some important points his education . had boon neglected. Yet ho had taken honors in the University of Sydney. The colonial, on his first visit home, often experiences this feel ing. What is tho use of the best education that the colony affords — they protend it to be as good as any to be had in Great Britain — if such gaps are left ? Why had no one taught liim that he must purchase, and diligently peruse, Cottle's Pi-cictiut Elo cutionist. " That work," Mr. Cottlo told him with seve rity, " was composed in the house whore yon will this evening sleep. You are an Australian ; which may explain and excuse your ignorance. The name of Cottle has not yet — it would appear — reached your shores, but it is on its way, sir. It is 011 its way there." "Perhaps it hns already crossed the line, by this time." "You shall have an opportunity, Air. AV.iller, while you are with us, ol studying that collec- tion. Laurence murmured his gratitude. " The Society of Bank Side," the little man continued with an increase of primness, "is. limited, it is true, but far more select than is generally supposed. I learn at my chambers that we are supposoed to have 110 society here. The Barge and tho Bank, it is believed, belong to each other. That belief, you will find, is a mistake." " I assure you, Mr. Cottle, that I have no belief or auy opinions at all upon the sub ject." " Houses make not society, nor docs a crowd create civilisation — my father's observation, sir. Somo hero are working men; well, industry pro duces our boasted wealth. It must therefore bo respected. Again — my father. But wc havo tlio learned profession represented. Those who form our society aro in the habit of meeting here on warm and fine evenings. Here ivc have, in fact, established an exchange of thought. As merchants assemble to exchange goods, ire draw together on snmmer evenings to impart aud receive the ideas which wo conceive and form in winter. One of my father's plans, sir, was the formation of such an intellectual exchange, 011 a larger scale." "Indeed, said Laurence, respectfully. " For instance, there is Mr. Imlaginc " "What ?" the young man started. "1 know that name." "Mr. Clement Iudagine, tlio poet." He indicated the man in the velvet jacket. " Oh 1" cried Laurence, startled. "-That is Clement, is it ? And he is a poet, is lie? 1 don't think I ever saw a poot before. Clement Inda- ginc 1 I hardly expected — so soou. Clement I Had he not a brother ?" "Truly. You know that? The brother, -Eneas, went away a great many years ngo — wo were all at school together— anil lias never sinco been heard of. Mr. Indagine's companion is Dr. Luttrel, of great distinction in science. As for me, I am in tlio law— the higher branch, sir," ho explained with much dignity. " Lair, poetry and science. Could tho great embankment 011 the other side boast of more?" Laurence laughed. He was one of those who laughed cosily and pleasantly, aud never givo offence by langhing. "Bank Side," ho said; "is a busy place. That is evident from tho wharves. And it has its history. That I know. But that Hank Sido should have its intellectual side, that, 1 confess, I did not suspect." ' "We have more," said Mr. Cottle. "Law, poetry and science, I said. The noblest vh- tuo of mankind, as my father lias observed, is patriotism. The gentleman now approaching — look at him attentively, Mr; Waller— is a dis tinguished patriot. His native country is Hun gary." So that there were four great men of Bank Side, at least, and all of thorn elderly, Tlio distinguished patriot wore a fiat cloth cap ; his coat was grievously old and worn ; he had 011 list slippers, which caused him after dark to bo mistaken for a ghost or a garrotcr, according to taste or imagination; Ho was small of stature ; his hair was white ; he wore 110 beard or mous tache, and liis eyes were curiously soft and gentle.- He looked as if ho must have carried on his patriotism in an upper .chamber among the ladies. ' "Chevalier," said Mr. Cottle with 'a little natural pride at having a titled friend, "this is Sir. Laurence . Waller, from Australia. Mr. Waller, this is tho celebrated patriot, tiic Cheva lier Armimus do Hcyn. He lias given his nam its English equivalent. Chevalier, present Mr, Waller with your card." While Laurcnco wondered what might he tho Hungarian form of its Anglicised equivalent Do Hoyu, the Chevalier politely lifted liis limp old cap with one hand, nnd with the other felt in Ins loft breast pocket. ' - "Sly qml, sir," lie said producing jcvamplcd piece of folded paper. His voice was as gentle as liis eyes. " I hope you will read it, sir. I wish tiiat we may meet again. I have no other place to meet my friends. To thoso who eliooio to listen I havo sometimes a great deal — oil ! A groat deal to say. An revoir, sir." He again lifted his limp cap and passed on liis way. On the paper which he called liis card was printed tho following announcement "Chevalier Arminius G. do Heyn. Knight of tho Legion of St. S.uivcur and of San Martiiio. Honorary Member of the 1-lnropcan I'liil- . otechniqno for tiic Protection of the Un employed and tlio Fatherless. Author of tin Noble Plan, as challenged by Lord Salisbury. Proscribed by tlio Austrian Government. Corresponding Member of the Scientific Soeitics of Ecuador, Honduras aud the Argen tine Republic. Lecturer 011 the New Humanity.' For terms apply to tho Chevalier, cave of Solomon Mayes, 183 Soutliwark Bridgewoail." Tho young Australian read tins document and gasped. ' "Aro there any moro great men 011 Ibys Side?" he askotl, presently recovering.. " lad us get through with tho great jisen hetes-c we go on." "Thoro are the children," Mr Lottie replied, " my father's grandchildren. It it voanoiiabi. to hope that his glories will he revived by them. AVc live by the put— my father's observation, sir; we live in the present— Ls it not beautifully true? — we live for the future. There are two of the children. " 