a bohemian's notes- Tho sublime and thu ridiculous often go arm in arm at election meetings. In a suburb beyond tho Ynrr.x a fow nights ago ono of tho candidates finished up a loyal outburst some- thing in this way, "May wu be long associated with glorious British Empire to sing with one voice of glad acclaim, God Save our Gracious Queen. Referring now to the question of sani tation, &c.;" What an absurd association, to bo sure. The Sovereign ntul sanitation, senti ment nnd science, bathos and bad drainage. Family afflictions scorn a sad subject for fun, and I should bo sorry, indeed, to hurt the feolingH of nnyono who renlly mourned a friend. But who can help laughing ovor somo of tho In Mcmoriam notices that appear in ouo of the morning papers. Griefs of tho rarest kind may bo so enduring that they outlast a decade (for only royal griefs are eternal), but when ouo finds griefs a quarter of a century old advertised at tiie usual rato per inch, with an extra Hue at the end announcing the name of tho person whoso regrets are so poignant that he must givo them public expression in a newspaper, one begins to think that not loyalty to tho dead bo much ns human vanity nud self huidution is at tho bottom of it. Ono might mnko a really interesting scrap book by clipping tho verses from this tearful column nnd sorting thorn out uuder such head ings na Weep Ridiculous, nnd even thu Weep- Malicious, i find samples of both in tho ono issue. Here is a verso sufficient to mako any man or woman really fenr death— Pnln WA9 her portion, l'hysic was her food, Groans wero her devotion, qnd drugs did her no good It may havo been nil true, but the world at large cares littlo about it. Had thu subject been a G.lndstone, people would by this tinio havo lost interest in his sufferings, lluro is nn illustration of tho Weop Malicious— Safe from thoso cruel hands, Safe from him he called a friend. The desire hero may havo beeu to perpotuato eomcouo'd memory, \mt it looks suspiciously like au attempt to "blato"-a third party who has so iar managed co steer clear of tho here after. Tim impression is strengthened by the closing lino " Inserted by his honest friend.'' Honest friend is distinctly good. Aud so candid, too. After all, though, if wo know wo nro honest there is no harm iu publicly saying 60, oven if wo havo to pay advertising prices for tho privilege. Someoite may be lieve us. Tho poetry, niter all, serves a useful purpose. It reconciles a man to tho feeling that he is utterly friendless. For, though alone iu tho world, hopeless, pouuilest), despairing, ho is nt least chcored by the thought that when dead no ono is likely to ridiculo his memory by printing variegated poetry about him. A joko of Mr Munro's— and heme like myself, Scotch, he has none too many to spare —was utterly spoiled in publication lasb week. Tho loader of the second, or sparo Liberal party, declared in merry mood tbatMrDeakin bad gono to unburden his mind nt tho shriue of Bacchus, But ono of tho readers who, being a temperance man, perhaps, had never heard of tho shrine of Bacchus, mado it read more prosaically as "Tho Bhire of Bacchus Marsh." And now that candidates nro being urged by a hoarse voico at tho back of tho hall "Answer the question straight, d'yo ear with a plain yesh or no," it may bo worth whilo tell ing how n former candidate for Richmond turned tho tables on a persistent questioner. Tho candidate was suspected of trimming- most unjustly it may bo nssnmod for Vic torian politicians never do thnt sort of thing— and as all wise mcu do who are not gifted in reading tho future, ho accompanied ono of his promises with a certain reservation. But the questioner insisted on a plain "Yes or No' adding, amidst applause, thab any man who was honest and straightforward could answer a question so. Then tho following occurred :— Candidate : Aro you an honest and a straight forward man? Voter : Yrs, I beliovo I am 1 Candidate : And will you, before insisting on a plain "Yes" or "No" from, me, answer ono question in tho satno way? Voter: Well, I don't mind, even though I ain't going for Bnrlinment. Candidate): Then, tell tho audience, with a simple "Ye9" or "No," whether you have left off beating your wifo yet ? One of the candidates for Carlton was literally taken at his word at ono meeting. The chair man announced that he was ready to nnswor truthfully any questions that might be put to him, nnd a voico " thick wid do dliruik " mur mured," Wosh goin' to win tho Steeplechase?" On tiie caudidatc, in apologising for his size— und ho is really much tailor than Mr Mlrams— repeating tho old gng about tho best goods being made up in smail parcels, nnd tho same voter remarked approvingly, " Yesh ! look Tommy Corrigan." On Sunday owning I saw, from Prince's Bridge, a sight as curious as one might-rcsaou- ably expect to seo iu tho heart of a large city. In tho pond just in rear of the boat sheds somo hundreds of cormorants, both the largo black ones and the smaller white-breasted divers, were perched upon tho dead trees uutil these last looked like somo fabled shrubs bearing pied flowers— a black back sbowiug next a white breast ovor scores of branches, and largo flocks of sparrows literally driven from home by tho intrusion of theso fisher birds were circling ceaselessly about, darting to tho divors and clearly anxious by an affected alarm to givo them tho imprcasiou thab there wero boys with shnnghais in tho vicinity. Sometimes they perched for nn instant in tho reeds close by, nnd then robo of a sudden with a tremendous whirr of wings, but each effort to drive the sober cormorants to another sleeping ground was futile. Hundreds of peoplo pass-' ing ovor tho bridge stopped for a whilo to watch tho progress of this interesting bird comedy. Again itstruck mu as singular thatjustwhen tho shadows began to deopeu into night a couple of score of rud legged coots, moved ap parently, by a common impulse, broke hko an army's skirmishers from thorocds that fringed the lagoon, nnd moved out to feed upon tho grass, their white tails flipping weirdly in tho dusk. Tho one Instant thero was nothing noticeable savo a calling iu tho reeds, as if signal wero being passed along, nud In tho nexb a lino of blue coots e.xtcuding ovor hundred yards wero hopping with awkward gait upon tho green sward. It was such a sight as out in the bush many would walk miles to see. Tho thought occurred, too, thnt had tho birds bccu stuffed and not nlivo tho policemen on tho bridge might havo arreBtcd tho onlookers for Sabbath breaking. And thero is a wonderful lot of Nature other than human round about this city of ours if ono knows just where to seek it. Protection to narivo birds, like protection to industry, has achieved very gratifying results. I have but a small scrap ot garden almost in tho city, yot a wild pigeon and n waterben aro frequent visitors, the lattor's favorite spot, and n per- f< c$ly sate one, being the top of an arbor thickly covered with woodbine. A pair of minnbs build In ono corner of tho verandah, a second pair in the weathercock of kho chim ney, but they are birds of depraved habits, and the lnuguage they used when ono stopped near tho nests, instead of going on about bis busi ness, was something frightful. In tho parks round about Melbourno 1 have seen birds that after years spent in tho country I novor found elsowheio south of tho Murray. Tho flight parrots, litrnlrin nf thn hob winds, thnb (Tin bird. catchers travel hundreds of miles north to trap on tho banks of the Darling, wero feeding in tho grass of tho Richmond paddock during summer. As for the British and Australian birds in tho Botnnio Gardens ib would take not a single par, but a column or two, to mem tion them. Yot many will say, no doubt, that thero is but one song of winged creature that has particularly attracted their notice with Longfellow. They hear tbo song of sorrow and ddlgbt, Tho manifold ooft chlmos That fill the haunted chamber of the niclit Like some old poet'e rhymes. "What song Is that?" you ask. What sung could it be but that of the musical mos quito? There are suggestions of spico— and Messrs Brough and Boucicanlt say of grilled steak, also— ab tho Bijou Theatre juBb now. Ono of the chief points of tho ucw comedy turns on pastry, and the audience, nob having tho beuefit of tuition from the Pink Un on phrases popular in English high life, for tho most part miss this poiub and wonder what the sporting men in the stalls arn laughing about. As it is ically a pity that ono of Mr Grundy's most daring flights of wit, anc\ ono for which it may bo nenumcd tho original Fronch play has no exact equivalent should be lost to oo largo a portion of tho audience,, tho management might publish a programme with notes ex planatory of popular English slang, or reprint cm tho back, tbo report of a law suit in which ono John Gorlott— better known as "Master" —was required to draw a very considerable chequo through tho indiscreet use of so simple a word as " tart." Miss Annie Taylor's salary should certAlnly have been trebled ero she was- asked to masnuerodo in the muslin apologies -of a ballet dantfer. Indeed, lb was something very liko absoluto cruolty to pldco'so olovcr a lady in a costume so ridiculous. If It were some of the younger members of tbo compauy wo ahould nob so much havo minded ic. Anyhow ib shows, in addition to other things, real grit on tho part of tho lady, and the enthusiasm of tho actress rising superior to tho nature feelings of tho woman. By tho- by o whnb a cast tho busy D's havo now for tin) production of, say, Mich a raro( old comedy as Sho Stoops to Conquer. Almost nny tlicatro-goor in Melbourno would bo ablo to allot tho first half dozen parts. Tho political car has creaked and croaned for weeks along its laborious way, everyone hoping that Chief Driver Gillies would como along by-and-byo with his nnti-frictioii oil nud fncilitnto progress. Bub tho Broinier'a tun of oil turns out to bo weakost water, and tho enr still loads the autumn Jair with flu to obhgntoes from its clogging wheels. Candidates for Parliament "gravollcd for lack of matter, speak reproachfully of Iho Premier, saying, in tho words of tho Sermon on tho Mount, "For I was ahungercd and you gave mo no meat ; I was thirsty and you gave mo no drink." Indeed everyone is dis satisfied. ReiK>rtcr who had nerved them selves for a bis night's work aro disgusted, kuowing thab thoy might ab moro leisure havo written up political history from tho//an«mf instead of going to Kow for ib. Others waiting to wjro tho Ministerial programme to tho neighboring colonies wero compelled to tell impatient editors beyoud tbo border that Mr Gilhes had somehow mado a mistake, and dealt with tho pro- grammo of thojasb Government, instead of tho proposals ol the coming Power. Can ib bo that tbo Premier got hold of tho notes of his Rodney speech of threo yenrs ago by mislako ? Thero was even a greater share tlinu usual of Mr Gillies' diplomatic vagueness about this mouse born of a mountain, "Probably tho Go vernment will tako stops to consider tiio ad visability of instutiug such legisla tion as Parliament may dcom esBcntial, otc." Boiled down to a plain promiso these olegant santonccs become vacuity. Put ting tho reported columns of this speech ond to end, nnd scanning tho long, but shallow, ora torical stream tor some drafting of a new idea, one feels justified without any desire to be per sonally offensive to Mr Gillies, in deocribing tho effort as a member of tho English Com mons did tho speech of an infinitely grcator man, ns "a dreary flow of sapinnceous blather." And what a variety of excuses and explana tions arc abroad concerning thab meeting. Ono story hns jb that Mr James Munro, dis guised ns a local publican, and with a whiskey cork in hie mouth for the double purpose of bringing his breath into harmony with tlio character assumed, nud hiding his Highland accent, attended. Others say time amongst thoso who gob sent early on tho strength of their being solid and highly respectable voters wore Field Barrett with aposso of Australian Natives, all arrayed in paddud waistcoats, hooked noses and tho htlier corroborativo de tails of latter day Conservatives. Thero are dark hints, too, thnb tho man who asked, Was marriage a failure?-as> if Mr Gillies could know anything about it— and who "in the dusk with the light behind him," looked liko a local dude, was really a Fitzroy politician with a ucw complexion hand-painted and beauti fully enamelled. Tho real fact of the matter- whatever significance it may have— and I am inclined to think it Is nob overburdened in thab way — is thab irrespective of votes and voices two- thirds of tho Kew mooting was antngonistio to Mr Gillies, and It was only when the noisy ones discovered thab tho reporters wero " taking" tho speech in spito of the din that Bedlam subsided with the comparative composure of a rush for a raco train. A correspondent to whom I am indebted sends mo tho following extract from Sir Henry Parkes' great speech on his return from a European tour some years ago As a taste for ancient History hns been created by Mr Gillies' speech, uo apology is required for reprinting tlio following "It does nob seem out of piaco to glance at what would probably happen if Australia at any timo in tlio near future separated from England —an event which, whatever surface loyalists may say to tho contrary, is unquestion ably nob out of tho range of possi bilities within tho nexb generation. Thero is no imaginary ground, for thero nro persons in Australia, and in most of tho Aus tralian Legislatures, who avowedly or tacitly favor tho idea of separation. If Australia were independent, say, towards tha closo of tho century, with fivo or six millions of in habitants, sho would speedily nnd beyond all question rise to tlio position of a Great Power. Distance from other powors would alono bo to her tho element of immense strength. She has nlready learnt to rely upon herself for the means of armed defence. Unitedly she could pour upon nny point largo bodies of enthusiastic defenders, without being under tho necessity of burdening bersclf with standing armies. Sho could easily create a navy adequate to her wants. Within her own shores sho would possess all thnt is neces sary to keep tho mnchiuery of civilised society going with tlio minimum of privation aud inconvenience. In tho possible case of being cub off from tho rest of the world— a very remote probability- she could, better tbnn any other country on tho face of the globe, sustain herself, So much for her capabilities. In the event of her national independence, whatever form of government she assumed, sho would in nil moral certainty receivo tho cardial recognition of tbo Great Powers. If nob sympathy with now born free, dom, jealous? of England would prompt re cognition. Undoubtedly, in such an event, Australia would put on new attractions for foreign nations,and possibly to England herself, so perverse is the intellecb in discovering too Into the vnluo of whnt is lost. New popula tion and now capital, fresh streams of brain and muscle, nnd material power would flow in upon her; and while sho rose in tho estima tion of foreign nations, her own prosperous citizens would abide with her, ns thoy do nob now abide, and help to do her honcr. There would bo no fear for tho career of Australia as an independent nation." Tho President of tho Cricket Association thinks that the players would mako no better hand of cricket legudation than tho 'so-called " fossils." I am of tno same opinion. Indeed, ib is the cricketers who havo chiefly caused tho trouble. They recommended ono match with New South Wales, and they played two. They urged that tbo recommendations of tho Grickeb Conference should bo enforced en ylobo, and they thwarted tho Association when tho bulk of that body attempted to carry out their desires. Ono of tho M.O.O. delegates urged at tho last meeting of tho Association thnt tho players should be permitted to rule in purely crickot matters, and ib was a very neab retort, in deed, to remind him thnb tho committee of his own club had dono exactly the opposite, inasmuch as when tho players of tho M.O.C. tried to exclude all other sports from their ground on Saturday afternoons to pennib of cricket being played, they wero badly worsted, the committee stating— and wisely so, I think —that the claim was a ridiculous one. What is sauce for tho Melbourno gooso is not sauco for tlio South Melbourno gander. Of ono thing wo may bo assured, viz., tbat if the Association were oomposod eutiroly of firsb elcvon players tho legislation would bo entirely satisfactory— to the firsb elevens. On a matter of this kiud lb is fair to reason by analogy, and therefore 1 tnko tho Football .Association, composed chiefly of young men and players, as a fair illustration of what a Cricket Association similarly composed might be. Now, the Football Association ia a model in its way— a modol of what every deliberative body should avoid. The last mooting more especially, was, I bear, a shocking example of athlebio disorganisation. Statements made by ono dolegato to another wero repeated and flatlycontradictcd, so (bat on's ot ten tho case when inquiries are held about rough play in the football season— there was prima facie evidence of deliberate un truths. Such are tbo associations thab moral young mon connected with tho Press havo to endure. Tho youthful chairman on tho occasion seemed unsuitable for tho responsibilities of the position and sooveryrulobhatgovernsdebatcwas broken. If this was a fair sample of legislation on a game by those who play it, then ib were hotter the " fossils " should continuo to control cricket affairs. They are invariably orderly, always gentlomanly, and haven thairman who has some conception as to how tho business ot n meeting should be conducted. And the signs of winter in falling leaf and tho chill in tho air mako football once more almost a current topic. Tlio arrangement of matches, an old ocumbling block, was tho matter that troubled tho Solons of tho Association. Tho weak clubs want % match oil round, the strong want to play the strong as oltcn as possible, for though them is greater risk of defeat thero aro also greater gates. As tho sago Sir Roger do Ooverloy re marked whon placed in. an awkward Judicial position, thero is "a good deal to bo said on both sides." On tbo ono hand it may be said that somo of tho weaker clubs, such as Footscr&y; and the University, should never have been ad mitted to tho Association on the other, thab having been, admitted, whether wisely or nob, they should share equal privileges. Personally I am of opinion , thab both Foots- scray and tho University have failed to justify . their claims to be considered sepiotf) ' and should retire from the Association. They' havo had a fair olianoe, nnd havo utturjy failed In thoir deeds to prove any claim to the title of seniors. With those two oiuba out o? the way tliQ 'premiership matches might fairly bo arranged by tho Association, all Htnndinft on equal terms, and tho Interest) would not be lessened by tho po.snibllity of q biff match on tho first Saturday of tho season. The plea for retaining a majority of thu "old historic matches" is pure buuhum. Irrespective of sentiment Carlton would Buonor play South Melbourno or (Icq- long than Melbourne, because there (s moro monoy in it, and would aooner play PotB Melbourno than any of the throp, if Iho Ports had managed to wiu tlio last season's prcmiori ship. "Are you in favor of Woman's Suffrage?" is question pretty generally nskod at thu election ' \ meetings. But really ib matters littlo whether the candidates nro or nro not. Tho women geb thero all tho snme. Man rules the world, hub woman rules man ; and tho lessor is coutniucd in the greater. Ab North Melbourno it has been shown thnb tho old phrase, gray marc, Bhould really bo spelled "Gray Mayor" and elsewhere, ib may bo assured, womanq influenco is quiotly bub emphatically domi nating political cvonts. Indeed, I ntiould nob bo surprised to loam thab it was a committco of women— chiefly wives of legislators— who wero responsible for tho rule of Parliamentary practice that no now business shall bo taken nftcr cloven o'clock. Possibly tlio samu eoiq- niltteo iuduend tho editors of Melbourno papers to record, with unswerving fidelity, thnb "nt ten minutes pnstolovcn thcllouso adjourned until tho following day." Tho Past Grand Master, tho Hond Ranger nud tlio Oliiof Tyler may tell tho missm, whilo going to bed at day break with ono boob on, thnt thero was n Into sitting of the lodge, bub nil such couvenioub excuses aro denied tho legislator. Tlio mnttur for diKCUBsion at Parliamentary olections in tho suburbs would altno9b indicato thnt tho Australian resident in towns is becom ing effeminate, or, at vory least, ro luxurious in his habitsthnb tho very slightest tnconventenco convorts him iuto a grumbler and a nuisance, As ono sympathising with tho countryman in tho hardships ho has by comparison with tlio city resident so often to endure, I would givo a few shillings for tlio privilege of makiug somo such experiment ns tho following, Tho mnn who gets up late, and swears nt tho Water Supply department because tho pressure in his shower bath in nob quite so strong us ho likes it, shonld bo compelled to ninko tho journey from end to end of Riverina during a drought. The canal dnto who complains thab tho railway carriages on suburban lines aro a disgrace to civilisation should bo mado to travel any from Shoppartou to Swan Hill In a spring cart during Decem ber. The city artisan who Is pcrpotunlly growl ing about tho tyranny of employers should havo a month of 14 hours per day in tho hay fields, or servo a seutenco to ring-barking. And tho' man who con siders himself a martyr bccauso hotels are closed on Suudays should bo dropped down suddenly iu tho Never Novor country, 1.00 miles away oven from tho terriblo delights of a bush sbanty, and obliged to slnko his thirst by bonding over a dead bullock ab a yellow water hole. On getting back to Mel bourno each would thank heaven that he had been spared tho coutmuanco of such a life, nud mako a solemn pledge never more to grumble at triflt>9. Yes, I would givo almost fivo shillings nnd risk bankruptcy for bbc sable/- fuctlou of thab experiment. There is a uoto characteristic of Lord Brassoy iu tho Labt Voyago ot tho Sunbeam. In ib ho assures his children that tho late Lady Brnssoy was a great help to him. Tho curious world will nsk whnb Lord Brassc.v has dono thnt bis wifo could havo helped him in. Clearly bo has not yob realised thnbib was Lady Brassey who interested the world. Lord Brosseyii glory is mere moonshine — a reflected light. North Melbourno has mndo tho record fop thu present election. Kew merely ramped round on one car for a single nighb ; North Melbourne gave each ear— and oAch of tho old members— a turn. I was Borry for MrLaurensj for ib cannot bo otherwise than saddeniug to hear of nn old man in poor health who haq represented a district for many ycafq. being denied by his coustitucnts even tho privilego of opening Ins mouth. Ib is not surprising to learn that on lenving tbo platform the old man burst into tears. Mp Lnurens would bu misBed in Parliament. Tho sodato figure mcsb inappropriately scntcd nexb tho Sergcant-at-Arms hns become ono of th? sob features of tho Legislative Chamber, One would miss tho forefinger impressively cutting figures of 8 in tho air ns tho acconl panimenfa of a rather serious speech It was as much a recognised man nerism amongst publio men an tho swing of M'Lcllnn's ponderous right arm, which lias pub tho first kink in so many shiny Ministerial hats, or Mr Fattaraon with his loft arm sup porting his coat tails and the right clinching the arguments with a scrap of pnper ; or Mr Wrixon witn bis tclt hab pulled well over his oyes. Without these things the House would seem incomplete, nud the ghosts of f&mtlinp; contortions would haunb one iu the gallery and tho lobbies. I havclongslnce ceased to frequent tlio Presbyterian Assembly, but I often wonder how thnt Bolarnn body manages to exist with out tho spectacle of Professor Rentoul swing- left, nnd from left to right, an of yore. A sorrowful story, indeed, thnt of tho youug- soamRbress working for less than was required to keep her alive, bub after all only tho experienco jusb now of many in the city who are reported wealthy There arc — thanks to tho beneficent land boom— hundreds of peoplo in Melbourne so poor thnb they daro nob seem poor; nndl know of a case a few days ago whero a big matt of business was . unnble to meet a bill for least than a hundred, ycb whoso wife gavo a boll that night which inighb havo cost fivo timed tho amount. Society ia ploying a vast game nf "bluff," and wc are for the mosb pari whitcd sepulchres. So ib is in tho lesseY society of tho factories where slop clothes aro made. Better a seeming independence and starvation thnn domestic service nnd com<t paratlvc prosperity, A good girl may carp fifteen shillings a week as a servant without having to pay that fifteen shillings away ngnM for her board and lodgings, and that is withl very few shillings of ns much as (ho fnrmert mnn In tho country can earn ontaido harvest time. It is tho satno foolish feeling thai amazed Richard Jeffcnce when ha found 16 amongst tho starving cottagers oi England! Tho ndvico of tho laborer's wife to her sturdy daughter going out for the first time fcti service was, " Doant thee stay, lass, If sho jaw> thee." Wo catch Hood's old refrain Bomfr' times, bub tho Bong of tho Shirb must be rc written to suifc tho circumstances of modeitt Melbourne. 