The Invisible Tailor and Tailoress. 1 \ 35Y AX OLl) CONTilllTJTO: From the window of the little tailoress one could see tbc windows of Colon si Fontaine's great n-ju-se. As she tcmmeJ her kerosene lamp and its yellow tlr.-ne grew blighter, r.he white, glitteringga'dight iiashed up with in every io;>m of the i'm.: mmsion. "\vo little geranium pots where up jn iior window sill, All over Colonel Fontaine's house were hot-house il .overs i:i baskets anl vases, and hloon-in g on their parent stems in the con servatory. Two snips of mg carpet, and four painted chaiis, and an eight-day clock, and a picture of the infant Jesus, ami two grceii plaster oi Paris parrots-these and a table, and sums ware on the closet shelves, were all the pro perty. real an 1 personal, of the little tailor ess. One chair in Oolouel Fontaine's house V.ms worth ail her possessions. livery Sort of fine upholstery, arLiclcs of virtu, carpels that cost incredible sums, pictures by the old masters and the new ones that were fash ionable. everything that can be crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. j It enough to make a little woman c:i i vious. The tailoress turned down her ligh;. and laid aside her work-it was in no terribie lutii v-and went and sat by lieu windows, looked over towards this line house. where they toiled not, neither did they spin, wiss i ing, as many a hard-working woman h?" ".ishnd before, that her lot had been cast hi r-iKrii paths. As sbe sal gazing and curving, there en-j icrcd the room another person. It was the] ;itt!e tailor, husband to the little tailoress. j Jle also came and sat in the window. I There are to be tine d dn^s there at Foil- j iaine's." he said. ?' I hive just been talking to black Sam, ihe waiter, lie waits there to night. Two hundred pound does not spread the table. Think of that ! 41 Ah it's 'i 1*2 to be some folk*." said the i iailorcss. " Yes. indeed," said the 1 nil or. " 1'cs. yes. Dolly. Vos, ye* Then they loak'.d out again in silence. The silver stars were oat in the sky and a little crescent moon : the frost flittered en the branches of the frees along the streets and on the window pan_>s; but the lace curtains only half hid f be splendor within tiiat lighted mansion. The mnsicinns were coming-a whole' band of them. Tiicy jabbered in lierman as j they iiied up the st'-ps. They had their in struments in green 'j.'.zo bags and in long black boxes. *' It's plain there is to In dancing," said the little tailor. '? Ah ! po >r folks don't get much time to dance,''said the tailoress. . She folded l;er anni and looked a little cross as she said this. Her husband also looted very moody. They had better have dropped their curtain and lione to their stitching : all that splendor was making them horribly discontented. '?Oaly two of'eia/' sai l the tailor. They haven't a child."' .« llich m':ii for luek. ar.d poor men for children," said the tailorcs?. .' Xow we're got. three."' " There's the carriage company." slid tbc tailor. The carriages we re rolling up. Saalo-.vy ligures tripped from 1 hem. and hurried no the ste:>5. As the door opened, the glisten ing of siikaa i the ihisa ot je.vels coalu be seen. " Ail i" said i'ic l.tilous-, atid my best dress is only alpaca " *. S.vader tai:s. nodo.ibfc - ali of "em,"said the tailor. '? Oh, dear ! ?'l>jn"t I wish I was her!"' said the tailoress. "Don't L wish I was him'"' said the tailor. "Now if only we could change with "cm,1' said the lailuivss. "I'd take the chances," said the t:.i!or. >j would tlii-y." said a voice behind then;. 'J"!;e tailor and lailoi f ss turned their head -. A little woman in a black cloak and. a red night-cap stoo i behind them-a very litiio w._-m lii. baidly larger than a child. She held her hand a broom, and h;r white eii 1-jcks tumbled ail about her lace. Her eyes were bla-.:'-". and biijh: as the frosty stars that were gli:'.er!.*:g in toe sky. Von are sin-prised to see mo, 1. presume," .?aM the »i«J wi>i;ir«n. " Well."' said th- tailor, ;i not ly be nncivil, we are. Folk? .iv.ui:!y kn- icks." I never do ti;at," i -.1 the old woman.i; I Come through the key-hole.' '?-Joking I presume, muni," sail the tailor. "Xo." s:vid the c-ld woman. -'I'm a witeh."' The taiiorcss <.*;?. it behio:! the tailor as sp^e lily as possible. '*i'jn :i vesy amiablo cn.^. unJess I'm vexedsaid the old woiinn. .. it Ojls V«:X iiic 1*j people seared. I'm sure J'ux not an alarming object." " I'm not a bit fnghtciied,"said tise taiiui' ops ; ?*<.m!y \vit::iies inn t u-*.i:r." "'.oh, { don't mind you." -said the witch. '. Von are nothing but \ fo d. Here yoa are as comfort abie as need V.c,ci;al in your cellar, food in yonr closet, fhrec rosy children abed hi there-you ;;//;.>'// give them inoie air, it is trsic-plenty «d: work, and all you need, and you sit and fret because you haven't all the iiacry in that house. V.'iiy, liches don't inakepenpie ha::py by themsei ves. never did, and never will." " W.rre appp.renily an ol Ser lady than what I am," said ti-.c tnik':es=, " ami toii had oughtcr know best, being a witch. Hut I'd like to know how a person that wears E 11 ks and velvet? every day, and has never fetched the water to wasii her own bands, and goes out a tiding behind lier own horse, an-! i= complimented and admired the whole of her life, can help being happier than a poor little soul that stitched and stitched since before ever she was grown up : that never rods in anything better than the street cars, that counts every shilling before she spends it: has had three children, Lord help her! and itas a black alpaca and a bit of gilt breast pin for Sundays, and makes her tilings last year in and year out. " And not to contradict a lady .1:1.1 a. witch," said tlie tailor, " how is a 111 an that works at a toiling, moiiing trade, and half the time an't paid at that, and ins a wife and three children^ to feed and clothe and shoe- grum bling over what lie gives her at that- to bo contented and as happy as a fellow that j .isi writes bis name to a cheque when be wants money, and drinks champagne and them things i" " A niorecontented creetur man never had for a wife,'" cried the tailor's wife, bursting into tears afresh. *. I never-' " Hold jiyour tongue," £said the witch. " Come, I'll give you a chance to see if these people are really happier. Yon shall go over into that bouse and lake a peep at hs my s teries. if you like. I've only to wave i:;y broom and you v.'iil become invisible. You'il sec things no one else sees, hear tilings no one else hears, and, if you wish to do po, ym ' shall afterwards change places witii t hen:. ? Von shall be Mr. Fontaine, jay shall be Mrs. ' Fontaine, al.vays proviuing 3"a desire to do EO." 'Mr eves cjied the tailor. Wei], Dolly}' i; It won't hu:t to be invisible, ch 1" crie.J the taih irt-S1. - j ?"It's bii like taking chloroform.] sue- | pose." sai-.l ihe i aii<:r. " i Agreed a-.k.'d the ivltch. ' ?? i'es.5 said trie tailor. The witch waved her boom. i! I feel as i£ I was going oS7' said ihe iaiioress. t; 5Ie, too,'" said ihe tailor. In a moment more the pail' felt as light as a couple uf feathers or two bits of thistle down, They were floating about in the air, and felt sure that no one coald see them. They tried to grasp each others hands, bat there vv.is 110 substance to bold. Tney tried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, in some sabti'j av.d incomprehensible -tray, they coinnr.iciated their thoughts to each other, without the aid of speech. They were iu the lady's chamber. Shn sat aii alone there, iler black velvet robe swept over the floor. Diamonds giillerod on her besom and in her ears ; on her rounded arms also. She was a biiinette of the v:.dsp tuous style of beauty, her red lips, herspark ling eye3. her wonderfully perfect nose, her littie carSj like tiny ear-shells, were beyond description. She bent over a desk : within it la3- a picture-the portrait of a fair luau in a uniform. Shi; ta!;ied,to it in whispers. '' Veav after year, day after day, hour after hour,"she whispered, "and I cannot forget. Your blood is ap-m niv hand#, -Jerome. -J.y heart, is haunted by your ghost. M.;y God forgive us both."' There was a sound without-a step at the j door. ' " Are yon ready, madam said a voice. ! It was that of Colonel Fontaine, 1 The lady arose. " One fflomeDf," she said. " Ah, if yoa would but leave me in peace-if you ivoidd but let me hide myself away somewhere - 1 li Again lie said. '. Ooaie here, madam. I am waiting for you." lie did not even set his foal across the threshold of 11:e laly's door, and she obeyed him. and passed out into the wide hail. The invisible faiior and tailoress flitted out with Itt r. They had just as mueh curi os' ty as they had in the ilesh. Besides, what did they come for but to listen ? you suppose I enjoy these scenes."' said Colonel Funtaine. " You seem to,"' she answered. " You seem to, also." said the coloncl. ,;It is all sueaiing with us. They call us an affectionate couple, I presume. They do not know how, since I f'oun 1 his letters and bis picture, we !m?e hated each other."' " I do not hate you, Henry,"' said the laay. ** I hate yoa, "said the col unci. "There is no hideous creaturc begging in the streets that I loathe as I do your beautiful p;rson-I who loved you so !" "Ah, tny Godl" moaned the woman. Why tcrture me so?" "1 only do it when you rebel.'" said the colonel. "Am 1 not tortured-a lonely, childless man. with a weight of secret shame upon mj' soulYen doomed me to this life, aad you shail expiate tiie crime. Yoa shall appear before the wurid as Colonel Fontaine's wife should. For ten years we have played the farce. We shall play it to the last. 1 quarrelled with him about a ga ue of cards, j not about you, 1 slapped him m the face, and he challenged tin*. Out he kne v-he knew why he died. I saw it ia his face as I sent the ballet to his heart." Ah : have mercy moaned the wrrnan again. £ have had mercy," said the man. "You live. I killed the more innocent of the two. You have your own apartments, I have mine; we only play our iittle / <>/<; of Darby and Joan before the work!. It is not much punish ment for your erira:. and it keeps ray name f;o;u public shtmc. Are you raiy. madam - " She bo \v:d. The;.'' went down the stair; ti^cther; they were 'saluted by their guest : they sa'.uted them. Th.; danee went on; the music swept into dreamy waltzes; the f-..: si "-vas eat'jn, the wine flowed; but t';e two invisibl; gue3is|saw what no one ojuh! see with bodily eyes. Wiiiie the lady I smiled and talked- while she dnnej! she tang; one form siill in ore J before her eyes-a phantom, pale ami fiery-a beautiful young man in captain's uniform, with a deep wound in his breast. Its eyes locked toward her, and seemed to say-'?.YLurderes.s;'' And the master of the house-what he saw was this: a life that had 110 meaning, a trampled iuve, a shattered faith, a broken heart. His own. " Want to change with them asked the woman in the red cap and black cloak. '-Can, if y<>:; choose.'' '. i 'u- the dear Lord's sake, take n; home," crkd the tailoress. There they were opposite each other in the tw-j (;:ia:r. The lights stii! gleamed from the windows of the liou-rj tver the way. and carriages were rolling from the door. " It's 'j:;eer,' 'said the tailor. 1 *. It's u.vfui'y queer, " said the lii'o-vss. f .'I suppose it's all a dream," said the i tailor, j " V.JS, dar'.ing,'" said the laiioresr. ' ?l Dlussed lit lie Dolly." sail the tuiio.". 5 ' I ,voul ln"i \n her fur a kingdom, sai-1 DJIv. '? I woaidn'i be him for a world/' said the lai!':r. "And h iw nice it is.:" said (he tailoress, ?'to hiok ioto tiie huli bedroom and set "em ' !-.u «:fiutor«"abi«j-baby i<et'.ve---n us, and Sally i and K tiyiii the ti'ar.die bed.' j .' Ves, J.i.jlly," said ih-; I'dlor. .. 11: doi>"; ? take a witch to tell 11s tuat riches by them- j selves don't make happiness. It's better to j be honest an 1 pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret on he mind. " We'll pray for those pcor rich peopleto nkdit, l»jily." .?Amen," said the tailores?. 