COUNTRY NEWS. PROVINCIAL TELEGRAMS. RTTRRA. Ontnhar 25. The Rev. Hugh Gilmore leotured on Home Rule to-night in the Institute Hall. The Hon. F. W, Holder presided. There was only a moderate attendance. MOON'fA, October 27. A Church parade of Friendly Societies took plaoe this afternoon, 350 attending. They marched from the Societies' Hall, accom panied by two bands, to the MineB Wesley an Chapel. Addresses were delivered by the the Revs. Piper, Weatherill, Hiatt, and Kelly, who each spoke for a quarter of an hour on the subject—" The Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." The collection for Benevolent Society amounted to £11. GLADSTONE, October 26. Shearing was finished at Booyoolee Station to-day. Subsequently Mr. Latimer, the Manager, on behalf of thirty-three employee, presented Mr. HugheB with an address o congratulation on his recent marriage, in which was expressed thorough appreciation of Mr. Hughes's many good qualities, as well as hearty wishes for his future happiness. CRADOCK, October 26. The Land Board concluded their sitting here this morning. Farmers attended in large numbers, and the township wbb very lively. MORGAN, October 28. The Wiloanuia has prooeeded to Milang with the remains of the late Captain Tinks. MILANG, Ootober29. The remains of the late Captain JameB Tinke were bronght to Milang to-day in the steamer Wilcannia, and were interred in the looal cemetery this afternoon. Many old friends of the deceased were present, and tbe funeral was one of the largest that has yet taken place. PORT GERMEIN, October 29. Prospeots of a busy season are most pro mising, Tbe weekly steamer has just landed a large quantity of general cargo and several hundreds of baleB of cornsacks, oanslng a lot of work, and proving thus early the difficul ties we ehali experience and the want of suffi cient rolling-stock on the jetty. A quantity of wool is also awaiting shipment. New wheat is being delivered, and over 50,000 bushels is already purchased. STRATHALBYN. October 30. Mrs R. Warwick, an old resident of the town, died suddenly this morning at her residence. Mr. J. Cheriton, J.P., the nearest Coroner, was communicated with, and after making enquiries he decided that an inquest was unnecessary, the deceased having been of advanced ago and in delicate health. 