CHAPTER XXXVII. LADY OECIIJA'S CRIME, It was Into in May, aud Lord Strath" apoy.lind boon lying ill 0t " Tlio Fira ' for a couple of weeks, Ilia malady was [ oram-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the medical men would not suffer mm to bo moved, Moreover, Lady Drummond would not agree to. it. Ho was one;of her oldest friends, and she felt it a privilege to bo able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was 1 The earl was very ill, and in imminent danger _of death. The grave doctors warned Lady Seville that she must be prepared for the worst. She and Lady wmi Tore, Permnnently established at "The Firs," until the crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Bayard Broinpton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady jprummond's every day, to learn liow his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final orisis was at hand. The poor lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him, Lady Nevillo was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little Poarl had sob« bed herself into a troubled sloep; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with a, kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands looked, lier white tooth set, her blaok °yea glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul from-her body to un do it. . F1? ®1.ron°h cl°°k on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely Beemiug to breathe. Lady Cecilia s eyes never once left the white, death-stricken face, " Oh, if ho.might live, if he might live," was the one cry of her heart, n Sho could not pray. She know no Cod, she had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life! And in Hint | terrible moment, all her love, fierce and j selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, liko a consuming fire. \- The little clock struck for midnight, I and the doctors exchanged glances, For one moment their patient lay breathless, h's oyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on tlio coverlid, Then there came a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the sufferer like a benediction. "He'll live," said the doctors, in a breath, " the danger's past I'' Lady Cecilia uttered a ory of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears sho could nob re strain, Hor paroxysm of emotion ovor, she flung the casement wide open, and sat down to reflect. All iier mad, si-lftih, passionate nature | was in a tumult, but supremo above every i other feeling was her jovo, the love which nogloct find coldnoss and time had faiiod to subdue. Sho had worked for her re venge upon this man who had played hor false, and in tho end,' when hor way was oloar, she found the'old love rising up. stronger even than her hato,' She bared her queenly-head to the night winds, and raised her troubled gaze to.the silent, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to thoso early, j days, whon hor hopes were So bright. ' ''I could win him yet/' she said, at last, between hor set teeth, " I could wear the coronot I always coveted, if I were o\\\1yfrct I' She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyos wandered through an open door into the chamber whore poor old Sir Varney lay, A benig nant, generous old man, with a hoart as tender and simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman who was his wife, Hor eyes wandered toward tho ohnm bor, full of passionate aaorn and cou tcnipt, Sho could see him lying on hm couoh, his ailvor hair stroaming over tho pillow and around hispeaooful face, " Tho old dotart I" sho murmured, hor fine lips ouriing, " Will ho livo forever, I wonder ? I married him for Ids gold why can't he die now, and set me froo why can't he ?'' In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through tile casement hor faco looked liko tho face of a beautiful fiend. " I oould win him. All things prosper with mo. I oould bo Countess of Strath spey yet, ifl were only free I" Sho uttered tho words in a kind of breathless way, and hor fasoinnted gaze still Bought Sir Varnoy'o ohaii ber. Once in hor mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess and control hor. She arose softly, and crossed into the room on tiptoe, "Strong nnd healthy-he'll livo for ever!" sho uttered, gazing down upon the sleoping baronet's face ; " and I am bound to him, What a fool I was I Not oven hiu gold and titlo were worth this. Why can't tho old fool die Once give way to a tomptation and it haunts you to the end. Lady Drum niond's faco grow white and set in tho misty moonlight, and her eyes began to glitter with a baleful light, "Why notV sho murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. ''Bettor wo men thon I am have done as bid. I can't livo on, fettered to an old dotard 1 can't-I n:on't /" Tho pas-imiato whisper half rou?od Sir Varney; lie turned on his pillow and murmured incoherently. Sho watched him with burning eyes till ho rolapsod into sloep j thon BIio crossed tho room and entered a small olosut, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on tho sholvoa. One of thoso alio solocted-a tiny, slender vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture-and pu'ting it in her bosom, re-locked tho cabinet and returned to the chaiuber. Sir Varney was Stirling again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain, Presently ho raised himself to a sitting posture, and hi» eyes fell upon his wife, Qgg "Why, Cecilia!" he said, in fcho ldi«. voico with which ho always addressed her; " why are you up BO late, child ? What's the matter ? Is the earl worse ?" " No ; he's bettor, Sir Varney." <$ Woll, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my lovo, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a Btrango, unpleasant sensation ! lmuathave had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of tho kind." Jiis wifo arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to tho voioa of. the tempter, and ho waB prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. Sho orossed to the little table upon which the wine servico stood, and turn ing her back upon her husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her bosom, and removing the cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into tho wine. It was all done, and the vial ro hidden in her bosom, in the space of a breath. "Will you drink ifc undiluted, Sir Varaey ?1' she asked, approaching the bed. ( "Yesj my dear, I'll tako it just so. I'm feeling miserably weak." She put tho glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught, " Why, child, he said, " it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps my tongue's feveved. There, that will do," as she smoothed out his pillow. " Thank you, my love, and J'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bod now--please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to see my dar ling's oheekspalo." She turned to leave him, and had half crossed the room, when he oalled her back, "Cecilia," he Baid, "I'm foolish and ohildiah to-night. Won't you kisa me once before you go P I believe if you do I shall be able to sleep." She turned back, and kissed him with out a word, "Mybeautiful darling, my own, own wife," lie murmured, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken, " I am free--I am free," Bhe whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as sho eutered her own apartment) and, looked Herself in. (To be contimud.) 