ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. I ANGLO-CATHOLIC V. PROTESTANT CHURCH OF ENGLAND-II, (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR.-If Anglo-Catholic priests were to lay their whole plan of campaign before the people at once, they know very well that the people would hunt both them and their programme out of the English Church. Therefore, they sneak their pro- gramme in little by little, quite unawares to the people. Thus, at Morpeth the other day, the Rev. R. E. Goddard pleaded hard for the establishment of a surpliced choir, upon the grounds that it would make the people more reverent, help their devotion, and arrest their wandering eyes. If this was all that was wanted, there could not be any harm in this but much to commend, but he did not explain why the choir scats were removed from their original positions and placed at right angles to the Communion table, neither did he explain that the establishment of a surpliced choir meant the establishment of processions and the establish- ment of turning to the Communion Table officially and as it were by authority to recognize the priest's pretended sacrificial character. Not one word of all this did he utter, yet this part of the plan was intioduced under cover of the surpliced choir, quite unawares to the people, and without their consent. Fraud must, and is, always used to sneak in the false doctrine of Sacerdotalism. The whole history of this Ritualistic movement is one long wearisome talc of priestly lying, fraud, hypocrisy, deception, and dishonesty. Is it honesty to obtain a thing by subterfuge and fraud ? If the human heart was not so degenerate the priest would net succeed so well, for it is upon this degeneracy the priest operates, not to purify the heart with spiritual religion, but to further debase the heart by intro- ducing a religion of the senses. A surj>liced choir appeals to the senses. It appeals to the eye by reason of its uniformity. It moreover lends addi- tional attractiveness to the chancel, sacrarium, sanctuary, or " Holy, Holy, Holy" portion of the church, wherein is placed as a focus of brightness, a so-called " altar" of Ritual worship. The Rubrics provided that the " Table" of the Lord's Supper should stand in the body of the Church, but that prince of Ritualists, " Archbishop Laud," most deceitfully pushed it against the east end of the church, and made it an " Altar of Sacrifice." " Altar worship" is the false method whereby ?carnal mau worships God thiough the senses, be cause the flesh cannot understand " spiritual worship," and " spiritual worship" is fatally destructive to priestly dominion. Therefore the eye of flesh must be attracted ; therefore Pagan symbols, Pagan musicians, Pagan processions, Pagan incense and smells, Fagan attitudes, pos- tures, bowings, crossings, touchings, genuflexions, and Pagan mystery and idolatry must be provided. The central and highest act of Pagan worship is therefore most mysteriously performed before a mysterious presence with sensuous reverence and luscious music. The Pagan priest must forthwith appear on the scene. Amidst the white-Vested surpliced throng of choristers he would not be dis- tinguishable, but resplendently arrayed with all the glory of tinsel and rich art-needlework, cunn- ing embroidery, and " Babylonish" garments, he stands forth the priestly mediator between God and man, and daresto occupy the mediatorial office of the Lord Jesus, the onf> great High Priest. Is not this the position of anti-Christ and the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost? The false priest c'aims by transmitted apostolic grace to be endowed with magic powers to conjure a piece of bread into the dead body of the Lord, so that it be worshipped with shocking blasphemy as the " Sacrifice of the Altar"-the Mass. This is Anglo-Catholic ritual : this is Anglo-Catholic doctrine, and finds no place in the Protestant Church of England. I hear a voice say, we have not yet arrived at this advanced ritual. True ; but they in England have gone through the system by successive stages and have arrived at, and are practising, the ritual that I have just depicted. They had to go through the several developments of the movement the same as wo are now doing ; the same practices were adopted, and the same dishonesty was practised. A story is told of a dishonest baker who kept him- self and lus family in meat at a nominal cost by purchasing- the very smallest leg of mutton to be had, and exchanging this for the next in 6ize sent him by his customers to bake for them, and repeat- ing the process until he bad succeeded in obtaining fourteen or sixteen pounds of meat for his original six or seven, without any one customer being able to detect tho fraud in his own case. The cheating baker may point a parable in regard to the ritual plan of campaign. I hear another voice say that such advanced ritual is impossible out here. With what is going on around UB, anyone who says, so must be blind or bereft of their senses. Unless the evil is met and eradicated from any church at its inception it is sure to grow and become very troublesome. A wolf in sheeD's clothin«? is a verv dangerous animal, and so is a ritualistic priest, his very caunterpart. The wolf is sure to insinuate himself into the good graces of the weak minded, and having been specially trained for the dark object upon which he has been sent forth, he is a good judge of human nature. The pliant sensitive minds are the first and great objects of his solicitude, and it is upon these he operates to form the nucleus of his Church army. Then there is the wilful and conceited section of the young, who believe in Canon Selwyn's theory that the services of the church should be modelled after the manner of balls, concerts, and shows ' (Vide Maitland Mercury, Aug. 10), and who like children, prefer toys to food. These will be found splendid tools in the hands of the'priests ; raw material, certainly, but the very material to be «sed by the priest and his underground engineers by and by. These are the privates in the church array 5 the officers are the next consideration. The priests, like the General of the Jesuits, knows the characters of his devotees, and ases them a ¡cor dingly. The officers of the church must be in touch with the ideas of the priest ; if any dare to think for himself, out of office he must go, unless he has position and wealth. If he is possessed of these, he must be conciliated and used, and his vanity patronised j no matter what he is so long as he'has got the money, and that money is used to further the priest's design. Here we have the Ohurch army in detail : such an army as ie to be found in every Anglo-Catholic Church. Like the General of the Jesuits, everyone must obey him, aid he is responsible to no one ; there is no liberty accorded to anyone but the men who hold the money-bags. Yet there is the Protestant contin- gent in the church who do not believe in pagan worship, but believe in spiritual religion-a religion of the heart, and not a religion of the sonses. They must be ridiculed, and the church army (under the Beeret instructions of the priest) are taught to. emphasize his action ; they must be got ria of, no matter what service they have rendered the church. , The Anglo- Catholic priest, like the cuckoo, has laid his eggs in anothor bird's nest, and then out goes the rightful owners. Is this honest? The priest by this method gets rid of all the weak-kneed Protestants. But all those who who are loyal to the Church of the Reformation and attach some importance to the religious liberty the grand old Church has handed doun to .them, object to the priest's design in foto. They are neither going out of their own home nor going to allow this Anglo-Catholic priest to undermine the Church of the Reformation with impunity. When the priest is discovered red-handed and exposed the Church army are called out, and under the direction of the engineers proclaim the priest a martyr, and institute a sham sympathy movement, whilst the artful priest laughs in his sleeve. Having now fortified his position, and having had his Church army out and committed to the system by taking sides to maintain it, their doom is virtually sealed. They have taken sides and the side they have taken is the Anglo-Catholic side, indirect opposition to the Protestant Church of England. It is no matter now what kind of doctrine the priest will teaeh : they must adopt it. It must be true, because they have taken sides. They aro taught that the Bible is wrongly trans- lated, so that the priest can prove he is a sacrificer, and they dare not say uay ; and as for the Bible of course they may read it, but as to forming any opinions about its teachings, such an idea is simply monstrous. Have they not already voted for the priest's teachings ? How do we know the meaning of the Bible ? We learn it fiom the Church, that is the priest. When we see an army such as this, the man who saya thot the advanced ritual is im ' ^possible is simply a fit subject for a lunatic asylum. Besides, we presume these people read their, prayer bodks, and that they attend Holy Communion. Do .they never think of the ononmity of what they aro doing by being paities to this pretended / sacrifice that they then and there see of- fered np. They mußt believe in it or why do they attend and make no protest. What amount of religious honesty exist in persons who aid and abet a system that is in itself essentially dishonest we dare not speculate upon. Judge not that ye be not judged. It is certainly harder to acquit the teacher than the taught. Anglo Catholic priests are supposed to be acquainted with history, and are familiar with the formularies of ¿our church, and yet fail to see the dishonesty of remaining in a church that repudiates the doctrines they teach. To stand before an Altar, and make intercessions by offeiing a sacrifice for the sins of the people would be honest in a Roman Catholic clergyman, because his office by his ordination, pledges him to do so. But to stand in an " eastward position," in front of the Com- munion Table, with his back to the people, before a table, which is defined by authority to be of necessity, " a nonest, moveable table," from which the ¡idea of sacrifice is excluded, must ever be incongruous in a Minister of the Church of England. To stretch a rubric, to ignore a Canon, to go against the plain sense of an article, to act contumaciously against solemn obligations undertaken, and against the authority before whom one has taken them, if all this is honest, if this is conscientious dealing, we shall have to go to school again and learn the English language afresh. The key to the position seems to be the authority from the General of the Jesuits " to assume any religion heretical for the propagation of the mother church's interests." But that would not make it less dishonest. If we had gone into St. Paul's Church, Maitland, a few years ago, what would we have found ? We should have found a honest moveable table, One that had been consecrated together with the building, to the service of God. What came of it? Report has it that a certain Anglo-Cathclic priest 'had this table, which had been Bet apart to the service of the Almighty, removed into his kitchen, and he converted it into a kitchen dresser. This Auglo-Catholic priest must have been a very sincere and devout saoerdotalist to do such a thing as that. And what was it that he put in its stead-the reader can go there and see, and he will certainly not see a "convenient and decent table," provided for by the 82nd canon, which says : " And so stand, saving when the said Holy Com- munion is to be administered" (not celebrated, mind you), "at which timo the same shall be placed in so good sort" (therefore you see it must be move able) " within the church or chancel, as thereby tlip minister" /Vint îiripRfcï " mav be more con veniently heard of the communicants in his prayer and ministration." The leader certainly will not find in St. Paul's Church anything like a honest moveable table ; but he will find something between a packing case, a mangle, and a cheffonier, and this is called an altar. Where is the honesty here ? The Church of England in the prayer-book insists on calling the Communion table a table, and so do the ecclesiastical canons. A table is a table, as much as a spade is a spade. Yet we find these Anglo Catholic priests insist on calling the Communion table an altar. We may ask again where is the honesty here ? The school of thought, and the use of language, which transposes table and altar, undoubtedly tends towards what is in itself in its own home (the Roman Catholic Church) essentially true ; but where wo find it (in the Church of Eng- ' land) is it not disingenuous and unstraightforward, in point of fact, is it honest ? ' If the laity can see all these things, is it reason- able to suppose that the authorities cannot see these things also. The experience of the church in the United Kingdom is thrown away on the authorities of the Church in this dio- cese ; but there is an avenging Nemesis on their trail, and that Nemesis is an empty exchequer. The laity need only to under- stand the drift of the current and then supplies will be stopped. The laity will have to take the law into their own hands since the authorities of the Church are infected with the plague. Under the spurious pretence of deference to antiquity, and in some cases to gratify the sensuous taste of a few, | the foundations of our Protestant church are being undermined by men who dwell within her walls, and those who sit in the Reformers'seat are traduc- ing and undermining the Reformation. Whenever the laity complain they are quietly told it is the custom elsewhere: if they protest they are in- sulted; no care or consideration is to be shown, unless some money can be squeezed out of them to be used in forging fetters to hold their children in slavery. Yet the movement still advances under just the same pacific professions, the same fraud is used, the same deception is practised, and the same imputations are still cast upon all who in any way impede its progress. What is the practical result of all this. Wher- ever and whenever an Anglo- Catholic priest appears there is an immediate exodus of male attendants from Holy Communion. In fact I know of one parish church in this diocese at which there is not one solitary male communicant ; and this is solely through Anglo-Catholic practices. If you go to anv Ritualistic church mark the disnronortion of male to female attendants. 1 have counted them many a time, and they run from 12 to 20 females to every male. If you want to Bee a people at war with one another go to a Ritualistic church. If you want to see a disunited parish go to one were an Anglo Catholic priest is in charge ; but if you want to see an united parish with an abundance of spiritual life, you must go to a parish at whose head . -, a Protestant clergyman. These are facts that speak volumes : And who may we ask are responsible ? The answer comes the authorities of the church most certainly. Who flood the parishes with young Anglo Catholic priests? The authorities. Who sit on all Protestants, clergymen and laity alike ? The authorities. Who are always to the front to defend Anglo-Catholic priests, but are never to be found defending Protestantism ? The authorities. Therefore there is abundant reason why Protestants should withhold supplies and not support the authorities in furthering a system so essentially dishonest, so diametrically opposed to Church of England principles, and so fraught with dancer to thp civil and religious liberties of their children. -I am, yours very truly, J. G. CHAPMAN. West Maitland, Sept. 4th, 1889. 