SUPERSTITIONS OF TO-DAY. Men who swear there is neither God nor future will yet betray a strange weakness toward some pet superstition that they will openly laugh at, but secretly believe. We all have them—not only ignorant people, but the best of us. Few people would have the hardihood to sit down at a table with 13 as the total number. Few people will connt the hacks in a funeral pro cession. Few girls will read the marriage service entirely through in the face of the awful and my sterious superstition that the in dulgence destroys hope of marriages. We don't call the fortune-teller the priest of Apollo, the wart chartner a witch. There is a change of name—the fact lingers. We are still superstitious. All the generations that have passed have accumulated andhanded down to us a vast number ; of superstitions. Each country has furnished its share, and probably the most of them date from the time when the human race was still in its Asiatic cradle. Birth, marriage, and death are' the three most important events in every life. Hence the auguries of. these three events have been most eagerly sought and most carefully remembered. Death, being the most; dreadful, comes in for the largest share. One of the best ways given us of avoiding it when mortal sick ness is upon us to allow the report, to be circulated that you are already ' dead. The chances are strongly in favour of getting well. Especially is this so if friends begin to arrange for the funeral. A sure sign of an: early death is for a person to scatter the leaves of a red rose upon the ground. It is extremely hazardous to an infant's life to pare its nails before it is a year old. They should be bitten off, or the grandams will not answer for the consequences. So numerous are the dangerous ; superstitious about marriage that one could scarcely avoid breaking some of them. In this observation the philosopher may find the solu tion of the question, " Why is mar riage a failure V' For instance, the bride must not try on her wedding gown, or ill-luck will follow. She must not look in the glass after she is fully dressed and ready for the ceremony. J5he must not enter into her new Mme by stepping over the • threshold; but must be carried over it by one of her relatives. A piece of the bride's cake must "be broken over her head as soon as she is safely on the other side. It is unlucky for her to be in a happy state on her wedding day. She must be as dolorous as possible, violent fits of weeping being especially beneficial. It is a good idea for tbe brides maids to throw away as mamy pins as possible on the wedding day, as this will hasten marriage. The bride should throw away her slip per in leaving the wedding feast, and she who catches it will be the first married. The month of May is generally conceded to be the most unfortunate for marriages. The lucky months are Januaiy, April, August, October, and November. January is especially lucky. . . Lovers should carefully avoid passing a sharp or pointed instru ment from one to the other. Such things tend to cause quarrels. The wedding should be put off by all means if a cat sneezes on the eve of the wedding day. It shonld never take place if the cat is black. To sweep dust over a girl's feet or legs will be certain to make an old maid of her. Should the youngest sister of a family marry first, the older sisters will be condemned to lasting celi bacy unless they dance at her wed ding in their stocking feet. The wedding ring of the mother is an infallible cure for- eruptions on the skin of the child. Tbe ring must be rubbed three times round each sore. Cure is certain. The virtue of the dew that glitters andsparkles in every leaf and flower j on a May morning, has been recog nised from the earliest times. If a young girl wishes to obtain and preserve a glorious complexion she1 should venture out on a May morn ing and wash her face in this dew. It also has peculiar power in in-) fantile cases of weak back. A child affected can be cured by drawing it three times through the wet grass on the first, second, and third morn ings of May. It will cure swollen neck. The treatment here is, how ever, more difficult. If the sufferer be a male be must wash his neck in the dew that gems the grave of the last deceased unmarried woman who died; if a woman, then the grass on the grave of the last young unmarried man must be sought. To spit in the hand before under taking anything, whether m love, war, or business, will not fail to bring good luck. If you are out fishing, do not step over your rod, or you will catch 110 more fish than did Simple Simon in his mother's pail. Of births, it may be said general that a crying child will grow up to be a great and useful man. This omen is not clearly set tled, however, and is often given the other way. Some seer far back in the ages discovered the fol lowing :— Born on Monday, Fair in the face. Born on Tuesday, Full of God's grace. Born on Wednesday, Soar and sad. Born on Thursday, Merry and glad. Born on Friday, Worthily given. Born on Saturday, Work for your living. Born on Sunday, Yon will never know want. To recall a person after they have left the house is bad luck- To go back for something forgotten is also bad luck, unless you sit down before going out again. If, when you sit before the fire, a live coal jumps out, it is a sign that you are to have good luck, es pecially in money matters. To wash in water another washed in is not only bad sanitarily, but also superstitiously. He who makes many crumbs at the table will never have any money to spare. It is flying in the face of fortune to sweep dust out of the front door or to allow it to be swept out. In so doing you are sweeping out your good luck. To count one's gains brings luck, but to find money is the worst possible luck. * The four-leaved clover, once found, should be treasured, as every school child knows and believes. It brings luck of every description. Eve attempted to carry a four leaved shamrock of precious stone from Paradise with her, but it fell and shattered at her feet. Think of the disaster thus entailed upon the human race! To see the moon over the left shoulder is as unlucky as to hold the four of clubs at cards. But the new moon seen over the right shoulder, or straight in front, portends for tune as smiling as her own bright rays. One should be careful in writing a letter not to cross out a word in it. To do so means that any request you may have made in the letter will not be granted. It is very un lucky to dry a letter before the fire instead ef allowing it to dry slowly and naturally. But unluckiest of all is to drop the letter on the floor after finishing it. These are but few of the many thousands of guides of life. Follow them all, observe them diligently, and happiness awaits you. Your face will smile like that of a young girl at the thought of her beloved. Your pathway will be strewn with roses. If you scoff and scorn, be ware. For the ghosts and goblins and witches, the spirits of your ancestors who believed all these things and cherished them as the apple of the eye, will plot together against you. Believe them even, as ! the child believes in Santa Clans. They are our only relies of the old,; dead—the faith of legend and story, of simplicity and frankness, when men learned only to shoot with j the how and speak the truth. They are the faiths of jfche child- : hood of our race, and as such deserve recognition. Reason may scoff, science, scorn, but down in all our breasts the old childhood's faith remains. The hand that tries to pluck them out is profane. 