.. XnYatala JLabor Prisom. (Br NOMAD). No. II. A-glanoe at tbe old " original" goal, and tin queer gelvanized-iron, two- storey structure, with raaty roof, that once did doty to quartan sad office for everybody connected with "the stockade." (There mi a genuine stockade wound those buildings once). Then a look at the stables, and we come round tbe back of tbe prison to the gas bonae. Yataia makes its own gas, bnt all tbe coke produced from the retorted coal is used op as fuel in tbe probees of retorting—rather an expensive •yitem of light-providing, one would imagine, bnt to it is, and tbo tar which iB produced is all need in the prison. There are five retorts—long cylinders of firo proof clay, and two prisoners are engaged in coaling up as we enter the gas-house. It is bot and dirty work, bat does not last long, but then the coke has to be raked ont of the retorts as soon as the cessation of bubbling sounds shows that the tar and gas have been expelled from the coal. Tbe glowing coke, as it lieB on tbe floor, is quenched speedily by buckets of water, and in the prisoner who performs this task I recognised Henry Richardson, whose hard case is too well and widely known to need farther reference. Be looks very miserable and wretched, and attempts to call up the ghost of a smile as be meets my eye. Three o'clock strikes —"amoko" signal. Richardson polls ont his pipe and with an effort proceeds to fill it. "I suppose I must not ask yon, Btohardson, how this life works." He amiles feebly, and the guard promptly interposes, " No. Visitors must not speak to prisoners." I recognise the force of the regulation and torn away, leaving Richardson buBy shovelling coke. No need to aBk, with the French judge, in this case, " Who is she?" Tbe petition for commutation of Richardson's sentence has been very extensively Bigned in the North, where, to use an Irishism, the women are for him to a man. Seven years is undoubtedly a hard sentence; but then Heatb, who blew M'Kinnon's brains out at tbe Daly River Plantation a few years ago, on bis wife confessing to him that M'Kinnon bad seduced her, was sentenced to twenty yean and the sentence was commnted to twelve months. This completed the round of the gaol except the "solitary 11 cells, which are by themselves in tbe court-yard, eaoh having a little yard of its own completely se eluded from the rest of the prison world The "dark cells" are underneath, and though they are effectively subjugating expedients, the sooner that absolute style of pnniBhment is abandoned the better. There is nothing noteworthy in the court room, where tbe viBiting justices bear cases against prisoners and pass sentence according to the evidence; but one important place has escaped notice—the library. The head guard kindly hunts up tbe librarian, and the room is opened. It contains about 700 volumes, a very miscellaneous lot, including a considerable number of bound magazines. The volumes are neatly covered with brown paper and labelled in bold legible characters " Yatala Labor Prison Library." Books are sometimes sent to prisoners by their friends, and after persual by the owners go into the library, which is very popular with tbe prisoners, almost every one of whom takes out a book weekly— even the niggers and those who cannot read take out a magazine with " pictures" in it. The prisoner gets his book on a certain day, it remains in his cell, and when the week is up he writes on his slate the name of one or two books which he would like to read ; the librarian goes the round of the cells, removes the old books, and supplies the new as far as he can. Complete editions of Dickens, Thackeray, and Lytton would be a boon to the library, though there are odd volumes of these authors in the catalogue The librarian, a prisoner whose face seemed familiar, though I could not place it, wore a beard, which was full and grizzled, and his bald bead and pale features also tended to remove the convict aspect from him, and his voice when he spoke was that of an educated man. He remarked that the poets were but poorly represented in the library, and that poetry was in much request among the prisoners, a hint I have much pleasure in passing on to the public, for those with well-filled poetic shelves should have hearts that feel for the " poor prisoners". The library should be replenished some how or other; an estimates vote would probably be rather difficult to pass; so that public liberality might best be trusted to supply present literary wants, and donors need not fear to duplicate volumes, they will be useful. A remark about Shakspeare and the drama elicited a queer sort of laugh from the Librarian; the stage used to be a familiar theme with him ; what beautiful " copy" he wrote and what slashing dramatic notices he used to give. It was five years since had last seen him, and life had been eventful with him in the interim. He was Godfrey Egremont, looking pale and worn, and notwithstanding his light work feeble and sickly. Now as to Yataia as a whole, it may be an economical prison when it is full, bnt 26 guards for about 160 prisoners is rather a big percentage, and as the men work outside the wallB and the present guards have twelve hours a day on duty, it does not seem possible to work the prison with less. The system seemB to run as regularly as a chronometer, and to be characterised by both fairness and steadiness of discipline towards the convicts; but the system is not a perfect one, and there appears to be no earthly reason why it should not be perfected, and made more useful, and at the same time self-supporting. The income derived from the sale of stone and broken metal from tbe Yataia quarries cannot bear any fair proportion to the cost of the establishment; quarry working iB not an industrial education to the convict, and when he comes out of gaol he is no better fitted for earning his bread than when he went in; there is not even a achoolmaater in the gaol, so that a prisoner who goes in unable to read, comes ont in the same state. If the aim of punishment be reformation, imprison meat should be so adapted as to improve the convict's usefulness aB a working member of society. He might be taught a trade, and at tbe same time defray the expenses of his detention and* punishment. Almost anywhere in the world a man can earn sufficient to support three lives; but the conviot does not support himself while in gaol, and his wife and children (if he has any) are probably drawing destitute rations all tbe time be ia there. By adopting an industrial system in our labor prisons, by teaching and training the convict, and at the same time making bim earn the cost, tbe State would be benefited financially, the convict himself would be greatly improved, and society would derive advantage for the conversion of a criminal into an artisan. There is only one objection that I can see to the initiation of this system ; and that is the probable bowl Trades Unions would raise against cheap prison labor; but common sense and justice should aurely prevail against even the loudest and most persistent of eueh bowls - Parliament is not under the feet of tbe prolettxiat yet. Yataia seems to be Tery nearly a model prison, on tbe present " hard labor" system, and cannot well be much improved on without a radical alteration of tbe eastern. It would be well however, to provide a schoolmaster and fet aside (tome boors for elementary in. strnction to thoBe who require it; a club room for the guardp, with newspapers, &c.j; might be provided. There is plenty of room in tbe goal for such accommodation, but there is nothing of tbe sort at present, and the life of a guard is a little lesB monotonous and tame than that of the prisoner himself. They are a very nice lot. of men, and tbeir manner of speaking to.and.dealing with prisoners is highly commendable; good feeling seems to prevail *mong them, and they deserve that some means of developing sociality and comoraderte among them when off duty Bhould be provided. 8till, next to being a prisoner the most uncomfortable fate that qould befall me, I think, would be to serve as a guard in Yatal8.—Border Watch. 