Reviewer. Romilly's "From My Veranda in New Guinea." Mr. Romilly is one of those authors who believe in doing their best to " scoop" their enemies, as the Americans say, videlicet the reviewers. He repeatedly insists that his book 18 not to be taken seriously. It nas no Bcientinc value whatever. It has no ethnological value whatever. It has, indeed, no value what ever of any kind, except as an " endeavour to place the country and its inhabitants before the reader in such a manner that he can form his own opinion on them, instead of having blindly to accept" the author's. As if any such endeavour could be successful without something more, and very much more, than the superficial insight of the average British gentleman and official who, " at the close of the London season, at ono of the latest balls given that year, after a long conversation with " the wife of the then Governor of Fiji, deoides to •camper off to the antipodes with a "battery" of breechloaders aud a store of fishing- tackle, having "learned to take an interest in the race of the Pacific." At the present moment any really intelligent observer, dowered with even tho rudiments of science and ethnology, which it requires no very severe study to attain, could be doing work of price less value in New Guinea. Instead of this we have to content ourselves with the luonbrations of the average British gentleman and official aforesaid, and be thankful for even the few grains of gold which he has picked up as " curiosities "in a land that is all one big gold reef. Andrew Lang, indeed, who is closely connected with the publications of Mr. Nutt, the publisher of this book, contributes a slovenly little preface on "New Guinea Folk Lore," not having even taken the trouble to look at more than two chapters out of the eleven which constitute these "sketches and traditions," or having "onlyglanced at them in manuscript." All this is very tantalising, and when the guileless Mr. Romilly, tacitly ad vancing a claim for his book which he keeps protesting he does not, comes along deli cately, tike Agag, saying: "Surely the bitterness of hostile criticism is past," he provokes the fate of Agapr, whom Bamuel hewed in pieces before the Eternal in Gilgal, and thus became the prototype of the savage newspaper man who ruthlessly "outs up " the craftily apologetic author. But that is an occupation which "in this roaring moon of daffodil and croons," is not worth the doing, and what space is at our disposal shall be given to retailing the best of the by no means re markable material which Mr. Romilly has made out of his golden opportunities. He starts with the opinion that "explorers frequently set themselves tasks which are absurd, and the successful accomplishment of whioh would" (sic) "be of no practical use in the future," and such are the efforts to scale big mountains, and he takes the trouble to prophesy that Mount Owen Stanley is at present unscalable, which at this hour of the day is a rather obvious sample of the Yankee " You didn't oughter prophesy until you know." He remarks of New Guinea that " there is probably no country in the world better watered, and the rivers present no insuperable obstacles to navi gation." He has appreciated the fact that the bland is inhabited by three distinct races—the true Papuans, who are found about the centre of the inland, the Malays in the extreme west of the Dutch territory, and the Polynesians in the east, together with mixtures of these. "In the south-east both the Malay and Polynesian types are very visible. Almost every village prodaoes flat-nosed men, men of a Jewish type ' —(it should be Phccni oian) —" with aquiline noses and thin lips, fair skinned men, red men, and dark men. Throughout the coast it can be seen that an admixture of the blood of three races exists, but it is impossible " —(to patience and clear sightedness all things are possible)— <* to lay down any geographical limits of their distribu tion. The languages which appear to exist have no end. An insignificant tribe of some few hundred members frequently speaks a lan guage totally different to that of their imme diate neighbours." The confusion here in his mind between languages and dialects is obvious. Not so very many years ago your Yorkshireman and your Somersetshire man (to take no more tztreme cases) could not understand each other, and the present writer recalls the inabi lity of a Canton man to comprehend a Foochow man, Foochow being about 400 miles distant from Canton and in a neighbouring province, but would Mr. Romilly, even in his loosest phraseology, talk of the English of the Somersetshire man and the Yorkshire man, or of the Chinese of the Fo-Kien man and the Quang-tung man, as respectively "totally different languages." He takes a dreadfully low view of the Papuan's character. He ntterly denies him courage. "In a skirmish In the bush, an affair which generally results in no casualties on either Bide, ehould a more lucky spear than usual lay one of the enemy low, your New Guinea native will rush up in order that he may have the satisfaction of plunging his spear into the prostrate body before life is extinct, so that ho may tattoo the coveted mark on his neck or back, a mark which means' I've killed a man!' .... The idea of meeting his enemy face to face"—(as the civilised combatant with his torpedo or sub marine mine does, for instance) —' 'is one entirely foreign to his nature. But it appears marvellous, considering the very low esti mation in which human life is held, how very badly the New Guinea native will meet certain death. Solomon Islanders and natives of other groups I have Been, about to die, meeting their fate with utter indifference. But the Papuan will Buffer the pain of death twenty times over should he be placed in such a predicament." Mr. Romilly v here presumably speaking of the pure Papuan as opposed to the Polynesian, who in habits the Solomon Islands "and other groups," and the Malays, but his report is not f " From my Veranda in New Guinea," by TLngh Hastings Roinilly. London: Da rid Nutt. Brisbane : jprßtmn. fenruson, and Co. altogether supported by that of other witnesses either in New Guinea or in our own land. The Papuan is also a domestic tyrant who lives on the labour of his wife, and what caps his iniquities, he is utterly without the sentiment of hospitality. "There are," says Mr. Romilly, " one or two exceptions to this sweep ingl condemnation of mine, but they have beon the result of influence brought to bear upon the natives by men connected in some manner with the mission. But hospitality for its own sake ia not"—(as it is, of course, by us with all the strangers and pilgrims, emigrants, newchuras, and general travellers who come among us) — " practised for its own sake. A man must pay for his food, or he will starve:" How different in civilised Brisbane. " They could never understand why one man should keep another -alive sooner than allow him to starve. A white man travelling through their country will have to pay heavily for that privilege." (In Australia, as is well kuown, all foreigners have free railway passes.) "As he will also have to pay the owners of the houses he sleeps in." (Not thus is the genial hotel-keeper of Toowoomba or Townsville, who practises hospitality for its own sake !) And lastly, "Hoisbynomeansßocurefromtrcachery and attack because- he has eaten food with his entertainers and his host for the time being might {sic) be the very first to spear him in his sleep." Mr. Romilly notices that " the natives appear to Buffer as much from the fever of the country as the strangers do," and the men more than the women. The New Guinea man loathes and detests spirits, and will never, like the monkey Darwin tells us of, taste it again, whorein he certainly differs from his fellow Papuan on the mainland. The origin of head- hunting is traced to the idea of appeasing the manca of the dead man by the death of a member of the hostile tribe that has killed him; while the usual throwing of the bodies of white men into the sea, instead of eating them, is traoed to a fear of being haunted with the white man's ghost, a ghost which is beyond their powers to lay or disregard. The utter want of idealism and spirituality in the New Guinea man pursues him even to his canni balism, which is sheer gourmandism. " There can be no doubt that all natives are agreed in describing human flesh as very good: far better than pork. My principal informants," he adds, " are two mission teachers, who both of thorn as boys were accustomed to its taste. They made no secret of having eaten it, merely saying that at the time they knew no better ; no food was so much appreciated, and this on account of its delicious flavour." Mr. Romilly is of opinion that the New Inlanders also look upon cannibalism from this gastronoraical standpoint. But he winds up confutingly thus:—"Many people suppose that because a tribe of natives are " (sic) " cannibaU, that they are on that account more savage than communities where this habit is not practised. This is not the case. Many tribes for whom [sic) I have the greatest respect are inveterate cannibals, but they are also most friendly and useful people to the whites. It really makes very little difference, if you wish to obtain infor mation on any matter, or get a certain amount of work done, or to obtain guides or interpre ters, whether you secure the services of a can nibal or a member of the Salvation Army." Which will surely be a pleasant and edifying reflection to our musical friends of the Blood and Fire apparatus. A last touch reminds us that " an Italian at Bougainville became a con firmed cannibal," and that settlers among the anthropophagi (as Othello called them) are ex pected to conform to the culinary customs of the place. When Mr. Romilly passes on to the less obvious elements of the Papuan, he gets rash and reokless. He " thinks he may take it for granted that the New Guinea men have no mythology of interest; certainly none by which their actions of the present day are controlled." Any amount of like loose talk once passed current about the Australian Papuan, but to-day we know he had a mythology of the deepest interest and a system of tribe and personal regulations of the most elaborate character. What our jaunty author impatiently dismisses again and again as "superstition" indis putably contains the matter for a whole heaven and earth undreamed of in his ethnological philosophy. He has collected and retailed a few native "fairy tales" which he characteristi cally depreciates, and which are, despite everything, the most valuable, indeed the only valuable result, of his observations " from his veranda," but he utterly declines the "wearisome relations of every-day supersti tions connected with hunting, fishing, &c.;" How much more interesting would this wearisome relation have been than a good half of the common-place chatter and descrip tion, which, together with a synopsis of some of the evidence given before the Queensland Labour Trade Commission, make up the bulk of his book! He advances some grounds for believing that the witches and wizards practise mesmerism; indeed in one case he recognised the passes of an old witch over a uok child as " precisely the same as what is termed ' the grand pass' in mesmerism." He is positive as to the dreadfully ill effect of the labour trade. In 1882, when he first visited the south-eastern archipelagos, and when the labour trade had not started, he was well received. In Woodlark Island this was so to tho pitch of a "hospitality that was a little embarrassing, and we parted with mutual expressions of good will. The last time I landed there they were surly, and showed me clearly that they were not anxious for my society." In some oases this hostility broke out in insult and threats, and of late years these threats "have been carried out only too well, and the number of white men's heads which have been taken is very large." He is equally positive as to the ill effect on the islanders of their experiences on _ the Queensland sugar plantations. "It ia a humiliating confession to have to make, but these same returned islanders are now the most hostile natives to whites in New Guinea." He concludes " that the native character is, on the whole, not influenced for the better by contact with whites. I do not," he declares, " think the native character at any time a very fine one; but, with white modification, it is admirable from no point of view." _ His ideas on the future, commercial and otherwise, of New Guinea are favourable. "In my opinion," he says, "the discovery of gold is merely a question of time; and, when that discovery is made, New Guinea will shake off the stagna tion of ages, and thousands of miners will troop to its shores, hringing in their train all the accessories which attend early civilisation. But at the present time it is only supposed that gold exist 9, while it is known that there are other indigenous sources of wealth which only require development, under favourable cir cumstances, to yield large sums." Such are the dugong and beche -de - mer fisheries, the timber industry (pen* cil cedar, malaya, sandal - wood, ebony, tulip-wood, rand so on), the pearlshelling, and finally: "There is plenty of country suitable for cattle, but very little for sheep. There is no doubt that cattle would thrive as well as in any part of Queensland, while the droughts so destructive in Australia need never be feared in New Guinea." 