MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. By Mrs. Bowses. At 3 o'clock the other afternoon I acci dentally caught si-rht of Mr. Bowser skulk ing about the back yard. lie had acted very restlessly at dinner-time, and I at once felt that something was wrong. A caller came, and I could not get out to the barn for half an hour, and then it was too late. A horse stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. ' Have you — you ? ,' I gasped. ' Have I what ?' ' Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures !' ' Dreadful failures ! I bought one horse, and he objected to the neighborhood. The other liked the neighborhood, but you ob jected to his color.' ' Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled.' ' Swindled 1 I get swindled on a horse ! Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a horse has yet to be born ! I know 'em from ears to heels. I can read 'em like eo many books. We need a horse. Here was a chance for a great bargain, and I improved it.' ' Fm eo—so sorry !' 41 That's just like you, but I can't help it. I don't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for $200, and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay $300. I wouldn't take $400 for him as he stands there.' I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed me into the house and said: 'Just wait a week, and if he doesn't turn out all right I'll sell him for the $300 and give you the extra $100.' Nothing further was eaid until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, bran mashee, toe-weights, quarter boots, hand-holders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about $50 worth of those things. Twice in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced : ' Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast.' ' You don't mean it 1' ' But I do. Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that will throw enow in the eyes of all who follow.' He had borrowed a neighbor's cutter and belle, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make our start from the bam, and when I got out there I found a lengthy,, raw- boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears and anxious to be off. 'He looks dangerous,' I said, after watching him a minute. 'So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. However, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go.' ' Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him yourself.' 'W — what! Afraid of him, or any other horse living ! You can't go with me, Mrs. Bowser 1 Go right into the houee !' I held the hone while he shut the barn door, and I sized the animal np as a vicious brate. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out or let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to un hitch, but he glared at me and replied : ' Have you gone clean daft ! This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as eoon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudius 1 Now you may go.' But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and tbe air, stood on his hind feet, and seemed to have struck a circus. ' is this a blood none r l asked or mi. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. ' Certainly. He's a Fearnaught.' ' Then he doesn't fear ub, doeB he ? And do Fearnaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off ?' ' Keep still I Go on, Claudius !' Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet end send the dashboard of tbe cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the shivers out of my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump which gave me the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions : 'He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he P This ie only hifl way of getting down town, isn't it ?' ' He's running away 1' shouted Mr. Bow ser, as his hat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. ' But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? It's probably eome freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace I' Whatever else could be said against the horse, he was a runner. He had a contract to draw us at tbe rate or a mile every tnree minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How we managed to dodge street cars, eleighe, cutters, and truclre, end to turn three or four corners in safety I can't ex plain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and when I brought him up to the curbstone a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swallow of cordial to brace him up. ' I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me,' exclaimed Mr. Bowser to the crowd. 'Eats!' called half a dozen voices. ' Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that 1' ' Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute !' 'Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse !' Mr. Bowser and I went home on the car. We didn't eay much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on me with : ' Now, then, explain your conduct !' ' What ?' ' In snatching those lines out of my hand and trying to make a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limit to all things. You have reached that limit ! I may not be home again this week !' But he was. Indeed, he has been very humble ever since. He got rid of the horse next day, gave me money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood tbat we don't refer to the past. — D. F. Press. Teacher asked a clasB to write an esBay on ' The ReBult of LazineBB,' and one of the bright but lazy boye in the class handed in as his composition a blank sheet of paper. 