HjOSPJIBS AT TO %I»QS. '.J —/— /'"Bftt \ [?] 3xU <mn a arena cdn . mm pwft ABauhgtaf! fa.iitfrant u a tewjy npeatf fcofcflo of Tils favorite 8dttcr, and tbe \- hoo»e<rijdfl farp?gfa tbe piece with trim gafly .. mjoVBWilh AfeKelfcoa't Sily. Sol «M id Ftanniiirfg Httdrea, jffft— \i KfwDily. Clyde's Duuiy Mml end MMbi dbhi of Saitb Bland tad Ada HKtordav, yon muen't forget, is Biggs' fire- ell 00 mphm?ntary benefit. end itb a moral a great booieu The testimonial to Hm 1a going ahead aattitattorUy. . 4 . bbaf«tfwardi biggeddbaiaerpm toasttari . ipd tntn dm own mwdopmioo Boxinglfighk itUdraiifeoD. Hepea toHobart after, Ahd fefplifiittii final repertoire. If yon want to see the stir and bun tie if pim- 'tonrime prepetafcionlook — if yon can get— into the Theatre Royal any day about noon. Re hearsals of the outsiders, a iteerr, are 2b fall awing, »d Emery is, yooTi find,dn!liog them mto sniptbape, while Mrs ftoyc U potting faer ballet throntrb tbdrsteg diligently, wrhilit Musgfh fceepaa directtair «ye op. the whole prooeedipgs. This will be tbe moat elaborate, and expensive pantomime the firm hatproduoed during their Royal regime, and that saying a good deal. You know, of cam? that the subject is Cinderella, and tlmtrt '4a fire -years since Nellie Stewart Vilehed you in that part at the same place and similar period. So far m is necessary, cite book has been arranged by Emery and Teddy Finn, t pantomime librjettosdoii'cco&ntiQr; mold) r nqWaujty , ahd ktatioaHy . rfery mnniiiAit fcHnrocter 'neoompa the author of fiis own hits, points and catch phrases. The pantomime is in ten scene and opens down a gold mine — Mount Morgan— where the . Demon Quarts alias King Mount Morgan is tamed out from a suoceastul crushing. It will " "be a realistic, well filled, cunningly set and generally effective scene— ed lights up. The story will run on the old familiar lines with, of coarse, plenty Of interpolated incident and business. The ball scene, fur instance, will be arranged and mounted with some novelty, and there Will beaetatuenqap ballet. The arrival of Cinderella at the ball will be madeafeature.&nd; in every detail, -except that it' will b a close carriage, it will be a replica of thf Hopetoun arrival equipage. Other incidents will include a steeplechase, in Which eight spanking ponies will be ridden. You should have sepn them being put through their jumping facings by Emery and Musgiovc and the trainer the oihi r night after the show. It was great fun, aud I' fancy it will prove both that and exciting when you see it from tbe front. There is also : introduced a footoall match, in which the girl players will wear the cblors of tbe liallden leading teams. They are now quite adepts on the ball, these lasmes, and make the stage lively, 1 tell you, when they are having their turn at vehearrraL Another effect wilt be a flock of sheep following a petite little Bo Peep. They are being penned on tbe premises, and schooled by ine little girl who they will have to follow, Emery bos givfen up training vhem now. Geprgo Gordon, John Henmngs, and young Jack Gordon— an artistic chip of the old artistic block— are "grafting ' up aloft at tbe soensiy, and. I can tell you, there'll be several most elaborate settings. The trans formation scene ib being done by Gordon, and a charming design aud development it will be, too. youll find. Tbe pantomime will be largely musical this year, as yuu may judge from the fact that the whole of 'the chorus of the opera company will be requisitioned ; and Robins, who is engaged scoring the music, will conduct an unusually numerous orchestra. In the curt you will have Clara Merivale as Cinderella, Fanny tiiddiard as Prince Larrikanani, Annie Cranston &s; Danflwl, Katie Potter as LollipoppeL 'May Pollard as- Fairy Silverton, Maggie Melrose and Florrie Garden as the attendant fairies,Howaxd Vernon as the big sister Flossie and Jitnoiia Htevsmson as the email sister Tottie ; Neebe aa tbe Baron; Willie Walton asButtuni ; Murnock as Demon Quartz, alias King Mount Morgan, , and Brsoks and Tre mania as his satellites. That's a strong enough cast, isn't it! la the harlequinade yon will nee the Walton troop who have just cone out from London. Willie Walton clowns, and he has fixed up some good triok nonnes and funny business. .It'sa big.oonc«ro and it'll take them all j their time to have everything in perfect readi ness. Musgroye aoys they'll do it i and so they will. Comic opera reigns oooe agora at tbe Prin cess,' and many' are nappy, once more. It is only for a very brid' haisi however, They are giving tJbe Yeoman jo! tbe Guard, and it is I a charming work very admirably presented all round. There afe two prqfniueijt change Ju the csit The flfrst WDgautoaer nolior Ulkre Kmidtu the heroine. ,Tlie young lady J... tnnlfed m the- BnriW- .!">»'>>«« with tu CRr and she was the prims ODDIM KJUI Ml pta/ VIIO 0LIK«U'; in Germany. As f saw and heard her in Tbe Yeoman, 1 like her better as an actress than aaw. vocalist. She . has beru well received, and the more we hear her tbe butter we like her. Fanny Jjiddtard is now tbe Phoebe, aud paints the picture with a broader brush than t wa« formerly done, Vernon, too, is more extrmvaganttban was previously necessary to make a very excellent character part. Leu- mane had a big reception, showing the favor he is in, and his efforts were fully reoognised. Tbvy conclude in order to allow of That Dr. Cnpfd being given on Boxing Night. They began .rehearsing on Monday, and tbe cast includes Elton (As Dr. Cupid), Harwood. Flemming, Sons, Hani Phillips, Janet Achurch Clara Oowper and Helen Kinoaird, Excellent business is being done by tbe opera troupe at the Alexandra, During the closing nigbisot last week, a very creditable and en joyable performance of Martha was given, the company being strengthened by the advent of BuzsL Since Monday night the familiar Bohemian Girl lias been presented in fairly attractive garb. On the first evening it was somewhat tiff, tbe evident result of rushing ft on, when Martha might have been continue. Lilian Tree and Bum and Bracy took what honbra there -ws re agoing, and they were deserving of tbem too. I'm told that Conductor Harrison has re signed, the result of some misunderstanding. IV, a pity. Bracy takes n benefit m the Beggar Student on Monday, and Lilian Tree has one on Tues day. Cac&do.; in the latest London " Referee, ' ffifjk Nellie FArrfin his (according to a Melb&brife;" pApbr)' deU-Hmned ' to settle ih Syduey. This (Saturday) evening Nellie in form ttretbt this ie not imetlyapctirAto, She Las adllvkly'a rcollecfida' oT tlie kmdhess wiib wltich she was treated in Australia that she intends to return thither pn tbe earliest opportunity. At the savrte time, she cannot forget that London is her permanent dwelling place, and England is her nation. And she intends to make it so. This . a snipping from an intervisw in the Toprtdal Times" witfc William Duck abtint the ptooeerof the big touring sings, . and now partner "with -Wvndham at the London 1 Cri : — "You also had the country rights of 'Our Boys," hadn't you T ' "Ye and in seven vrars made over L2S.OOO out of it. " By-the-bye, of tbe four Perkyn Middlewicks there only now rbmains Mr David James, who (it is no rii«wipw-t w the nuway of he other three to say) Is the" last and the test. The others were nichatil Young, J. F. Ycrang. and Fred Marshall all of tbem sterling good acton, too ; but til gone tor good. w ; It h.g well-known fact thatamee and . Thome cleared X&O.ODO; from the yaodaviBe run trf tbe comedy, and that H. J, fiyroo got a royalty of L5 tor each representation and LWO for the provineial rights. i Few, if any,. actors wbo bsveooroe among at at perreefa arranger reerived a more flattering vekame than Geutge G. Miln, tragedian - and nansger. His was not a 'name to eon jure itb; l&IacL; weknobim pot, Bathe was wari4a mao who MttWmlnms witliiOpniandipg 4nfln"enoes,n psn who was a pstUnarter » Mttiag and MMMMiluuifront of themkliOff be i MemnniUbed thpse tnifigs metbsn,' why not here ! That was, doubtless, his Men | it tarpsd out ttbe bie.nsissipn.and to A oertain point he. gaMPocsssfnl, .Events have proved Ik. His trouble. lkabUeareeffrntihethpeiiB > iow ago Uut H f» irwpiiibyufl now he opt-ned th'eGphrm'&ouse;, and was re- 1 ved by the public favorably. Ire -one por tion of theFrees eathnliastibiujr, by anetbef nation mitfedamt praise, nnd tea thud ooob tangent isdAr-.ttettdailv, 'fbst pvobsNy WMfheMMlthmrafithr occasional tlignt varS' ta znghis fiiat eeasen, 8hak>pere, tc-. ®«fd»fig to Mala, >5 far. as tbe ' public '' oeuueiuud, rose role favor, and it did not jHlnnh.-; A \ The first season was frUom,F taaid teenlleil jw>maxwsaas. ffiisssssjrisSBPsa' <»M for , ftui bat it VWJM m weoeu. ftow u pot funntt I . j-.' : r '<£, SRBomfifli Ub wudUmoihetteve jdudindwiebeliiigi. Hamme add main' Fiiieeptepapy titasI wnsnodenduf lu Under mrowartinoee ff did not aero to MgwlWp wBMat t riaply refer anyone tp jhs iriimN g<Z»StQfigKMr do prove that luavelieem Thbre cbnisstant npfl belpful in what I hsree writoeo than those, srao first pafaoniaedjuid now pass M» - . TInaHMiykliiskiri tliigi Greeaaway left ynAflvftflMytaiqSnligDoU, and aya Miitifai|i MgsummerNlAtb Dream. -Hasty Mooson and yeiaoo have taken the BBbarnUnHaD Tar-aweck, and open on Bosiitf NifiS>t hUknmlHna-Bogne, list it a mistake tsjpi hfor Irish draina, ttaegh? Yonng Bom hh orertoolinnieSbeiidsii, nofl Nellie (Sswenlees goes on tonr.. Too, like msjadf. knbw a lot, don't yon? But I hgve fibe advantage in one tiling— I know tbe hiutciry of Fan on the Bristol As we strdUsfi asomr the XQslto yesterday, Jchpnig F. Eberidsn, 'EsquJu , widow arid temperanoe iecinrez. vriiisperrd mis my pablic car a fuU, trnn ahdWarbcular ab&ount; of tbe inception and she gvmdoal xrovthnf the piece wbich has amtmed you so often, and villdoao again. It ia tntcrasting, and I only wish I had about a column at command to tell it to-yon as Johnnie cave it to me; Briefly, thet% Johnnie was playing its sketch at Boston called Mrs Mnldooh'e Vint to Boston. An the time Pinafore was the braze— it wse in 1379— and Jbhaoie fixed up for himself the part of an Irish woman, and she bad two daughters who were raving over the music of uhac opera. It went, and at Johnnie's invitation, Fawcett Rowe, our old friend, went to ate the sketch. He reoognioed something in it and spoke to Johnnie as well ae to Jarrett and Palmer, the well-known managers, aboht it. The result was that Johnnie and Rowe worked outthe first ideaof Fun on the BrietoL Rowe, however, wanted to have oil bis 'own way and Johnnie <hed avow with bitn. That was fixed np, but Jkibnnie gave no more pug geetions. When die piece fibst went on tour as Howe's it was a failure. Theootnpany was to be broken tip, when Rice, a u (ell-known American bur lesqne writer, who bad seen the piece, hap pened to meet Palm<rron,the tram. They spoke about tbe piece and ultimately Rice bought Palmer's share in tbe pieoe. He saw Johnnie, and then Jobnoie took the ' show in band, Rowe bring pat on one tide. Johnnie went tooth and csil to worifc to build up the piece in something like therform you see it now. So it larnc out a vnritablo. gold mine, and Johnnie "Bret got bur salary raised to L50 a week, then he hadathard share, after he had a half, and now the piece is his. Wheo tbe piooe uai taken to England in 1882 there was some little trouble about Rowe'a position,, but that poesed over, and Johnnie played itr all through tbe pro vinces, and'then in London. While there he tnet our Garner, wbo was making arisnge- luents with him and Gonevive Ward to visit Australia, when the cable of the death of Garner's first wife took him off to these |art at once. . Garner wrote Johnni from Naples, and the staple! was that after Keogh, now Mr Emngtry's agent, had written to Garner, the latter cabled home, and Johnnie bad to come ou£ here in the flood tide of bis sncoeu at home. Yon know his record here, and I've no doubt you'll give the widow a coll daring the tunestse's "at home " at the Opera House. There will be other pieces put on the bill, and there is just a probability that tbe two Johnnies— Shmdan sod GourLy — may he seen together. Some idea of the emoluments of tbe music hall star of to-day may be gathered from the fact that Vesta Tilley (a comparatively second rate serio comkju?) has bojked engagement to 1893, when she goes to the Gaiety TheoSa-e as first sing ing chambermaid. Miss Tilley wilt not however, permanently dfesort "the 'alh," sb bv doing the, "three turns ' a night she can' often earn L100 a week whereas L40 is the utmost she has ever recurved for pantomime in the provinces. Five thousand pounds a year is not a bad income for singing ' Oh you eyuile, you Baughtyyoong gyurls." Our old friend Lnscombe Searelie, musical conductor, operatic coinixwr, and theatrical manager, makes his appearance in a new role just new, viz., ihat ot a poet. I have not seen the Dawn of Death, as Searelle's volume of verses is colled, btsc I gather from ihe Frees notices attached to a showy advertise- jrif:nt in the "Palliall Gazette" that th«y are "forcible and graphic," " picnnvque and powerful," "pure wild imssiunate," likewise "full of beautiful thoughts. What more could the public want oruxpect for 4sCd7 Mr W. Manuiug wrubes me from Brisbane, under date 9th inst., that be had jasfe arrivod in the Queensland capitul, completing Bland Hols' opening amuwemelsta. " Bland con cluded bts NewiZealand tour at Auckland nn Monday, 2nd inst., vrbwa The Union Jack was played by i Pacini desisr. Tdey playad The Goldcu Ladder for eight niibts. sbd th« . liudieuere wereas numerous at tiicfinish h at ' Uic tin . UUi VH1 Ur|;lfcl Wmww that the tonr boa pus nioney in BUnd't pocket. , Vends me ibis, dated Imvercargili (N.Z.), 28th lilt. Groat prospedM here ior u,- People delighted to. know then in a circus coming. It is about three years since there uas one here. It uiay be iut westing to kuow that there is a duty of 20 per emit, on ordicary irinting and pictorials, end Jo per cnt. on ithogrephic work cbaised in N.Z. Tine has only been charged UuSy, so that it will be advantageous for agent to know it. We open lisre for three mrbts Twesdav, 17th December, and Danedin Boxing Njght.' I see the Taamaninn visit dosed last Wed nesday, and the whole abow sailed for New Zealand on the following day. s From Sydney my fallow-sinner contributes this They are playing nothing at the Royal a new idea of the triuawirate, in collaboration with " Goodie," of the Treaanry ciicst. To be preoieeike the fcrtfign teacher's face, the place is "closed for Alterations and repairs." Meanwhile Teddy Royce is licking AJaddin into abane for Xm bp. Bob m'Wade ie improving on acquaintance, and is ptajrinft Riu au Her Majesty's to in creased bpMoess. Betsy wss tiie bill mod will be for some nights at the Oriterion. Titheradg»i plaved Captain MMand, Bcodeault, Dolly; BronVh, il r Dawacu ; Anson, Mr Birkett ; Miss Romer, Mrs Birkett ; Miss Harwood, Mrs M 'Manus; Miss Pattto Brown, Betsy; and Miss Temple aud Miss Major in the other principal parts. It's aD right. Solomon's Museum «a doing well, and the Midgets are paw, great favorites, to say no thing ot the other attractions. All fur one "kb." Johnnie is giving good Sunday oonema at Ooogee Aquarium. Hmcks' iwvilioa asowd, with a change or two in the personnel, me again at the Opera Hones. Aa to Theadon's Wonders, the wonder is people don't flock inoroito see the clever and interesting show. These New Zealand! doings came to me by lost maiL Warnet's people were a great suooesa in Wellington for m fuiimglit. Tbnput in Xmat at Auddand. That ouoolades his New Zea land tonr, and he willaest briefly. Bland Holt drew frond booses at Auckland. Frank Imiooln had tea , lug nights in the Duoedin Exhitutttn bonceft Rail, Aftyr . being ma mpo of at Ksniir. Harry Riekord ms Showing at Amwanfl when tbe man left. ' J. A. FatteraoA ' wbo has ' stsue-managed Warner fn New Zealand, wax, at Wellington, preoentod by the star." oaMdmirvnrthf owpMty. tiiMHrtn, He was leaving to go to the firm jn jMislbfinme. ' ' The Hogcirere diantng at Dnnedia. SUodMittlttMtiSppeta DwilimMiliHMn. Tbe Beejley, "D«e/ ud Devrn Com pany opeiiea fmirly -favorably it tbm Duoedin City Bui. t Maoe.be .bov. Abe Dnnedin Tbeetra Boyal From 26 tb Deeeaber to let January. Brongb and Boufeiotmlt Oocupy tbe ume bouae for three .weekly tbbir khod bepnning on 27lb January. Oeorae Darnll nl Oompany have Duoedin booked for Brd Manh, aad bold boneuioo until the Mtb ol Fbenam, oauotb.1 Jobn Salonoo iitm jut now, bod I «, aihjpghhn aboot Jiaarie ATb -Qad fee baeetMoeableaoeu (HBi Allim, bob they mere awKly weonof toon «antat «o to HttdlebtMid ruhtbrt peMtettou be,. jrftb m Ik; wi. . »e_SPFp57ir£u the latdilBltn of jibe Ti»0 .nod Dritn n-y enlighten you about Jiuanei-. . ' Tfeo.nm fllliene m rnnimtir in|t,ni1 In i for tbe w. v. iioqaoyiloi iwvmiwl xm <jbfnlMem|bi.|it Jtffreyii Dtwil to thfe amount of LUft wyiid in Iwl i ' Thu U in omraSoo Vith tbe bdlina of Jefireyi Detnawbui Jimmie brought beroeer IbegSbSiiSouted heiiifcrtiC ouuiiUT pf Blnnbnewl. Jb . n-: ' Th. borlMqa. la a bix epeetaele, mtddb «aa produced in Ohidteo, aud on fftimi rf .then -'rtu hat. OiugiacUe "All, toe P. flalnttojtiaU'Wilpyf 1 ' ' " ' ' " if .' V. : 'teslian colonies Becanse r 'tiiepioposed mnager of it failed to lodge with osstain hankers as ha had agreed to do, a stipulated amount by w$& pf deposit mad a 1 -guarantee of &ood; faith. One or two of the latest American items:— Evans and How, with their Parlor Hatch ' Company, tail fie Anstraliaon die April -steamer, opening tbeir tour at Melbourne with ' their entire American compapy. Margaret Fields the seven year old daucbtm of Fields, of Fields and Hanson, . the monad nigs wbo were here, has made great hit in New York aa the Child in Roger La Honte. which Tarris, the London actor, it playing in the States. Fijaoo and BraJ htt started in Ohio wi Lh ( crowd, plojg tbeir new piece The ' Motk Berry has been ' giving the Trisco ' Music and Drams" some very fair ideas cf Australia over bis own signature, as it were ; but there i« an inspired editorial which gives quite an erroneous aoeount of Katie Putnam's doings in Australia. It gushes over her suc cess. She was in reality a dire disastrous failore, artistically and pecuniarily. Why. in Melbourne alone, tbe spow dropped L600 in f oar weeks. Yon remember little, natty - and fffable Garretta, tbe husband of Madam Garretta, tbe prformingpigeon woman, and- who man aged Ouds, tbe trapezist? Well, lie met with a terrible accident at tbe Central Theatre, Philadelphia, on tbe night of 23rd October. He was loading tbe gun in the wings, preparatory , t<> firing it, with tbe birds, when the gun was discharged, and the contents entered both eye. The most skilful professors of the Ophthalmic hospital 'visited him, and the opinion was that bis right eye was ruined, with faint hope erf saving tbe left. The Victoria Hall baa a very attractive ad dition tbisweek in the Permans. They -are very smart in their Girard -like act, and while the boys knock about with agility, tbe girl dances and high-kicks deftly. At the St. George's Hall they continue to minister suc cessfully to the variety wants of the -many. Tbe Oyclorama/thR Museum and Inana all haye tueir share of patronage. The Little Lord Fauntlorov Company open at Geelong for three nights this evening. Then Adelaide. . . I have to thank Jimmie Miller, cf J. J. Miller and Cx, for a file of "Frisco's "Music and Drama. . . Harry Lyons has gone to Adelaide to fix up the circns which Charlie M'Mahon and be run there. ' . . There is satisfactory word from the Major on is from India. . . Jobnuie Wallace has gone to Sydney to play . clown in the pantomime, and Sophie Harris has also crossed to take a part id Aladdin. . . The Darrellsand the Wirlhs are travelling from Hubart to New Zealand in the same steamer. . . Jiramto and Joe MacMsfioti have gone to Sydney to prepare the way for the SilboiiG. and Willie in up to Sandhurst, so Charlie fhed a ritent tear. , , R. M. Brechin is now piloting Snazelle.'who is to be at the Athcnenm here during the holiday time. . . Florence Sulman, the Australian soprano, better known by her professional name of Montague Conyere, is doing very well before the London public. . . At Christmas Professor Pepper's Ghost will once more walk his old haunts at the London Polytechnic. The Professor hai just reached London from Australia, and lectured on 18th November at the Polytechnic, on "His ten years' experience gamed in AuFtmlta." 