SPECIAL CABLEGRAMS. ''AKGUS." London. March I3th. | Madame Melba (Mrs Armstrong', tlie well-known Victorian vocalist) has been engaged lor the opera season at Drury-lane Theatre, The shares in the Cotnptoir d' Escomplc do Faris atul the Socictc des Metaux arc recovering from the fall caused by their connection with the copper syndic ite. An action has been brought bv Mr lioberi Dennis ajrain.-t .Mr ,i. Hctimker lleaton, the Conservative member lor Canterbury. The ])laintilt claimed iuUO lor services rendered, and he ali.ged that, acting in the capacity of private secretary to Mr lleatcm hetweeu ltbj and lbbS, he had written for hint his speeches, certain article, in the Xadonal Jicuicw, letttcrs published in the Tiui>\\* and others addressed to the Postmaster-General, and the statement made by Mr Jieaton before the Colonial Conference hold In London in lSi7. lie asserted that he had in fact throughout been that gentleman's ghost. The ease h is been settled, Mr Ilcaton paying Jl-10) to the de fendant for his -en ices, and the costs of the action, amounting to iA'ud. Mr Paul Krngi r and Mr F. \\\\\ Ileitz, the-Prcsidcnts of the Transvaal or tfouth African liijmblie ami the Orange Free Stat:-, have agreed to a defensive alliance, by which the t,vo ccimtries are to assist one another in the event oi cither being involved in a war which is considered f ) be a just one. In the House of Commons last night, a bill brought in by the Parmlliter., the object of which was o mitigate the treatment of Iii-h political prisoners, was rejected by a majority of GO votes. Mr George siiaw-I.etYvie has given notice in the House cf C mimons of bis intention to ask Mr W. 11. J Smith, the Fir.-!, Lord of the Treasury, whether the u fusul of Queensland to contribute to the expense of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron releases the other colonies from their obligations to contribute, and also I whether England will bear (Queensland's share of the expense. In consequence of the unsettled position of affairs : in Servin, caused by tin.-abdiction of King Milan and ! tlie appointment of a regency, which includes M. Kisties, the leader of the Jtmsophi! parly, Austria has stationed a corps C)f observation on tho Servian frontier. Arrangements have been completed by which go,bun men will be ready to advance into Servia at half a cho's notice. , An impression prevail?' in official circles that Prince J'.ismarck is agreeable to England becoming the , mandatory power in Samca 