(Continued). As for tho apjiaritio'-i, Dr- Rac discoursed on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless—that at the time I saw it, or 'was supposed to have seen it, I was under the influence ol incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on the ravages made on our stock by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out oome o! a heat oppressed brain, all the rest ol it, by whiah scientists try to explain the an explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, oommon sense would tell me that he was right, and that it was only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no doubt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but for all that, I say, as Shake speare says " There are more things in Heaven anil aatth Horatio Than ever yon dreamt ol in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my oousin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before—I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri whioh have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence olatown in lower Egypt, all trace of whioh seemB to have disappeared for the IaBt 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 4ft. long by 1ft. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given, but'Professorfl Kara bacek and Wesseley believe"it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride< groom was named Thcon, the bride Maria* She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and olothing, and everything suitable for '• an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de scribed as belonging to the town of Justian opolis. The editors dcclare that they can find no mention of this place among any lists ol the towns, eta., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rioe are grown in Bur. mah, the latewi additions to the territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to blaok. Burmah also produces many other kinds of edible grainB, one of whiah is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Moore this grass derives its name from the large, ronnd, shining fruit it bears, in whioh oan be traoed some resemblance to tears. It oaours in Japan as mil as tbi Aiiitio continent. 