Stage Gossip. Mr. Dampier is haying a successful run in Melbourne witL " Shamus O'Brien," a . drama which, with the assistance of Mr. H. Percy Kehoe, he has concocted from Le Fanu's well known ballad. In the Princess's " The Yeoman of the Guard" continues to hold the fort. Mr. Miln, in her Majesty's Opera House, has been wrestling vigorously with "Hamlet," and not vainly with regard to profit as well as praise. Bland Holt, in the Boyal, has once more recalled the "old familiar faces " of "New Babylon " The comedy of " Modern Wives," in which the Brough and Boucicault Company had been appearing in its temporary home, the Hibernian Hall, was to be followed this week by "Old Bachelors."-Charles Warner has been giving the Brisbaneites an opportunity of seeing him in several characters. His latest productions are "Dora" and "The Barrister."-The new London Comedy Company in Adelaide, which opened with the new drama of " The Silver Falls," has followed that piece with a revival of Boucicault's "New Men and Old Acres." At a recent meeting of gentlemen connected with the stage in Melbourne, it was decided to forward to the eminent American tragedian, Edwin Booth, a resolution neatly engrossed and illuminated, ex pressive of regret at the announcement that he had been suffering from an attack of paralysis, and of hope for his speedy recovery. According to later information, however, that fortunate change has taken place. It is, perhaps, not generally remembered that Booth visited Aus tralia about thirty-five years ago.-Fred Millis, the Australian ventriloquist, is reported to be doing remarkably well in America, where he has been travelling for some years. Of Miss Sylvia Grey, of the London Gaiety Bur lesque Company, the New York CLIPPER re marked : " She has earned tho celebrity of making decency popular in burlesque costumes." While "The Beal Little Lord Fauntleroy " was being performed in the Gaiety Theatre in Dublin recently, a most amusing incident occurred at the scene where a tenant of the Earl of Drelin court pathetically relates his woes, and begs that he may not be evicted. "When the tenant had finished his recital,, a voice issued from the top gallery with much earnestness urging him to " join the Plan of Campaign." Tho house was convulsed with laughter. A private performance of a play entitled " Maria Stella," the public representation of which had been prohibited, was recently given in Paris. The piece is founded on a legend in connection with the birth of the " Citizen King," Louis Philippe, according to which he was not the son of his reputed father, the Duke of Orleans, Philippe Egalité, but a changeling of " base, ignoble blood."-Haddon Chambers, the author of " Captain Swift," has been commissioned by A. M. Palmer to write a play for production at the Madison-square Theatre, New York.-A testi monial was recently being got up for Mrs. Dallas Glyn, well remembered under her maiden name of Miss Glyn as an accomplished Shakesperian actress, but who unfortunately, through long illness and other causes, stood in much need of practical sympathy. Miss Glyn is 67. Just before her recent illness Mary Anderson was said to have " registered a vow " never again to play in St. Louis, the city in which her debut took place, but which, somehow, failed to welcome her back as a dramatic prodigy. Another cause has, however, been assigned for her alleged dißlike of the place-something that she regarded as an unpardonable intrusion on her private life. It appears that an enterprising reporter followed her one morning to a little chapel where she went to pay her devotions, and regaled the readers of an evening paper with a long account of " Mary Anderson at Mass."-The famous theatrical library of the late Mr. Mansfield Mackenzie, said to be one of the finest in the world, was recently sold in London. The sale occupied eight days! -Miss Jennie Watt Tanner, who lately made her first English appearance at Terry's Theatre, is said to be so satisfied with her recep tion that she intends to remain in London.-"Richard III,," as played by the American actor, Richard Mansfield, elicits very conflicting opinions from the London critics. It would not, however, seem to be a performance calculated to trouble the ghost of Edmund Kean with envious " visitings."-The once celebrated comic actress, Mrs. Keeley, still lives, a venerable old lady of 82, and retains much of the cheerful vivacity of her younger days.-The " Passion play" of Oberammergau will, according to a letter from Munich, be played when its decade returns in 1890. It is said, on the same authority, that the forthcoming pro duction of this famous religious drama will present Judas more prominently in his character of aroh-traitor. 