THE ILLAWARRA DISTRICT. A co-respondent writes ! — Now that attention has been drawn to thi3 district owing to the open ing of the railway, perhaps some of your readers will be interested in learning something about the progress of Catholic affairs in the district* I will begin with Kiama, ia which Mission is In cluded Jainberoo and Gerringong. The energetic priest in charge — Eev. Father Corcoran — has worked hard during the short oeriod he has been here- and has succeeded in making many im provements, reducing the church debt, «fcc. Between Kiama and Wollongong lies the Albion Park Mission. Here the Rev. Father M'Intyre resides, and his district extends over Dapto and Shellharbour. A visitor to Albion Park cannot help being struck by the beauty of the little church there, and its picturesque situa tion and surroundings. Father M'Intyre, whose sermons are very effective, and who spares no trouble to benefit his flock, is a worthy successor of Father P. Ryan (now of' 3b. Francis', Sydney), who laboured zealously there for several years. A convent school, where the little ones of the district receive the greatest atbention and skilful tuition at the hands of the good Sisters, was established some years ago, and is in a flourishing condition. In order to raise funds for its enlargement and to pay off a slight debt on the church, a bazaar was recently held in Camngfcon Hall and proved a great success. The stalls were presided over by ladies of' the district, who deEerve great praise for the able And untiring manner in which they worked to ensure the success of the bazaar, in connection with which an art-union has been arranged to take place shortly, when a number ef valuable prizes will be disposed of. In my next I will give an account r.f the improvements recently effected at Jamberoo. The splendid new school-hall in St. Benedict's city district will, we understand, be blessed and opened on St. Benedict's day, lOfch of March. By the s.e. Sydney, one of the MessageriesMari tirnes line, Bishop Reville, of Sandhurst, Victoria, on Monday last left Melbourne on a visit to the Eternal City. Dr. Reville will be absent about twelve months. The Rev. j. H. O'Connell, of C&rlton;, wa3 a passenger by the same boat, SIGNOR Pimazzoni, of the Italian Opera Com pany, assisted the Burwood choir on Sunday morning, and at the Offertory sang a noble ' Domine Deus,' by A. Viviani. We under stand that the brilliant baritone will sing in the Petersham church on Sunday next. Father Tenison Woods, F.G.S , F.L.S., was on Wednesday evening unanimously re- elected Vice-President of the Linneau Society of New South Wales. At the meeting, which was £he annual one, a most interesting paper by the Rev. Father Woods on ' The Vegetation of the Malay Peninsula' was read. The Rev. Father Gonsalvo Kavanagh, O.P., ?who has just left us to return to England, de livered his last discourse in Australia in the Church of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, Band wick, la^.t Sunday night. A very large congrega tion listened with profound attention to an elo quent sermon and instruction on the Rosary. At the close of the sermon Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament was given by Father Kava nag h. Feast op St. Bridget. — On Sunday tho Fea^t of St, Bridget will be celebrated with special solemnity in tbo church at Marrickville bearing tho venerated saint's name: The Passiomst Fathers have arranged for a High Mass and special evening devotions. In the morning the saint's panegyric will be pronounced by Father Hilary, C.P. In the evening the Stabat Mater (Rossini) will be performed under Madame Charbonnet-Kellerman's direction, and among tbe singers who are to assist may be mentioned Mrs. W. M'Donald, Miss Josephine O'Reillys Miss Cohen, and Messrs SedgefielJ, Bowler,. M'Namara, Wilson,, and Donovan. It is probable two or three of the Italian Opera artistes w ill also assist. Church Music at Marrickville. — The crowded congregation at the Pass.ionists' Church, Marrick ville, on Sunday, were treated to some beauti ful music, the Madly aid of several mem bers of the Italian Opera Company hav ing been secured for the occasion. The special solos apart from the Ivlass were the oratorio aria, lfI know that My Redeemer Li veto,' moot gracefully and sweetly sung by Miss Lillian Tree, and the ' Pro Peccatis5' from Rossini's Stabat Mater given with impressive dignity and artistic finish by Signor Buzzi. The choir was unusually strong, the day being a ' special' one. The music was a combination of Mozart's 12th and Gounod's Messe Solennelle, and the soloists were Mrs. M'Donald, Madame Charbonnet- Kellerman, Miss Cawley, and Messrs. Sedgffield, Wilson, W. Tarleton, C. Bowlerjfand J. M'Namarra. Madame Kellerman and Miss Whitty shared the. work of accompanying. At the end of the MaF.s the full choir gave the Hallelujah chorus with thrilling effect. Charity Concert. — A fine concert in aid of St. Anne's Society for Clothing the Poor was given in tbe Sydney Catholic Hall, Princes-street, on Mxm dap evoaing last. This useful society works ex tensively in Sb. Patrick's parish for the benefit of the poor of all denominations, the ladie.3 meeting on Wednesnay afternoons ab the Game hall in which the concert was held to make up and dis tribute clothing to the destitute. Tbe object being highly appreciated, the attendance at the concert was large. The Very Rev. Father Le Rennetel, the patron of the society, had no diffi culty in obtaining tho gratuitous services of St. Patrick's choir, and of a large number of artists, professional and otherwise, to carry out a superior programme. Herr Hugo Alpen was the accom panist and Mr. Fraak Brewer the conductor. The concert opened with selections from Herr Alpen's Centennial Cantata. Mrs. M'Donald, Mr. J. Kerr, Miss E. A Moon, Mr. Hill, Mr. Clancy, Miss Banks, and Mr. Brewer each contributed choice selections in their best style. The Spanish Students also rendered some pretty music. Al together the patrons of the charity were treated to a first- claes concert and the funds of tho society, we are happy to say, have been augmented in a most satisfactory manner. The programme, itjmay be mentioned, included Wo fine part songs, and the great trio and chorus (the Prayer) from Rossiai's Moses in Egypt. Two of the Passioniats are continuing the Mis sion at Augustino's Church, Tass, which was opened on Sunday weekt The Pope has forwarded gifts, valued at .£10,000, to be distributed atnong the Romaia Catholic Churches in Ireland. We have a Catholic school at last (v/rite's a correspondent at Junee), and oar convent is finished. The Sisters have opened school in the church, and have an attendance of over si sty pupils. At tho Church of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, Rundwick, last Sunday morning, a mb3fc instructive discourse on ' Faith ' was delivered by tho Eev. Father Tierney, M.S.H. The Treasurer of the Society of St. Viuceut eta Paul his most gratefully acknowledged the receipt of two pounds from hia Excellency the Governor, Lord Carrington. His Excellency, we understand, baa also expressed his appreciation of the chari* table work done by this Catholic association. We learn by cable from England that a fashion able Catholic wedding took place on January 33 between Mr. Francis Fitzgerald (son of the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L C., of Victoria) and the Hon. Mina Susan Georgina, eldest daughter o£ Lord North. The ceremony, which was of a oplendid character and attended by a brilliant company, took place at the Oratory, Brompton. Tee Pastoral Times says j— ' We understand the Rey. Father Carroll, who has been in charge of the congregation at Deniliquiu for the past IS months, is to take his departure^ and will for the present return to his old charge at Albur'y. It is uncertain who will succeed the Rev. Father Car roll at Deniliquin, but both the Rev. Father O'Connell and the Eev. Father Kieley are spoken oi.' The Fathers of the Congregation o?. the Holy Ghost will open their new Colloge in Sturt- street, Ballarat, Victoria, on the 19th February. The college is 1400 feet above the level of the sea, surrounded by beautiful groundR, near lake Wendouree and the city gardens. The new build ings are spacious and well ventilated. Nearly 100 pupils' names have been enrolled in advance. Frosi Bungendore we learn that after a stay oE two and a h^lf y;ara the Rev. E. Hanrahan has been called by his superiors to fill the ponition of pastor to the more important mission of Oamden. The people of Bungendore at once raised a purse of sovereigns, but the revj gentleman declined to ac ceptany money testimonial except on condition that he would bs allowed to make whatever sum was raised a present to their little church for tbe pur chase of a new altar. Father Hanrahan endeared himself to all classes by his many acts of charity, and he takes the good wishes of every one in Bun gendore with him to Camden. The Rev. James Kennedy, who, about the end of October last, was transferred from this district (says the Cootamundra Liberal,) to St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, celebrated Mass sfc St. Columba's Church on Sunday last. After Mass he was waited on at the presbytery by the church committee and a number of the members of the H.A.C.B (Society, and presented with a valuable gold Waltham watoh and gold albert chain and cross, as a toteen of respect and veneration from the Catholics of Cootamundra andMurrumburrah. Messrs. John Fergus and J. Ryan made the pre sentation, and both gentlemen spoke in the most complimentary terms of the high esteem ia which. Father Kennedy wa3 held throughout the length and breadth of the district, and also expressed a hope that before long they would see him back to again assist their much-revered pastor, Father Butler, in the work of this mission. The rev* gentleman returned thanks to those present and his many friends throughout the district, in his usual .style. One of the most enjoyable reunions on Anniver sary Day was that held by permission of the Jesuit Fathers at Riverview, Lane Cove. Taking ad vantage of the holiday, the Rev. M. B. O'Brien, St. Peter's, Surry Hills, invited the members of his choir and other friends, a party of about 60 persons, to enjoy aa al fresco picnic in the lovely grounds of the Kiverview College. On the invita tion of Father Dalton, S.J., the Rector of the College, the choir members sang several hymns in the chapel, and afterwards gave some secular selections under the leafy shade of the tives, where a splendid repast was spread ; this pare of the pleasure suggesting the scene from 'As You Like It' in the forest of Axden. The stiff formali ties of the usual dinner being dispensed with, mirth and joke? were the general order of the day, Father O'Brien being untiring in his efforts to keep up the enjoyment. Father WalBh, who was recently removed from St. Peter's to the Sacred Heart, spoke a few well-chr-sen words of farewell to his frieuds, who deeply regretted his departure. These littls reunions between priest and people (especially choir people) are productive of much good. 