TALE. w Diana. gho vna os straight as an Indian arrow, kmre-litabod «d tail, with that peouhar white skin wliioh does not tan nor grow sallow. Tho first Diana was not more superbly proportioned than was this one. A combination of masouline strength and feminine boautv—not fominino enough to be wholly woman, not masculine enough tjj-W wlioUy inaa. Her dross was half ono and half the ethor. A man's Hack slouch hat covorod her " heod, and a man's blaek coat protcotcd her Whouidors; a petticoat of thick, dark stun hid tho rest of hor down to ths ankles of hor hoot-shod feot. ... _ 8ho rode a huge black stallion, ft ore/ituro as slondid and fiery and scornful rts tho scornful, fiery, splemdld creators that fearlessly bcHtrodo hi# hock. An imaginative theorist might easily haro disoorored in the dilating nostrils, upflinging hoods, a*d cyos restless with untamable defianoe the close kinship of two souls hqiore meteinpsychoaia mrtdo ono bcanfc and onp hnin.afi. She wasDlana; the torso'a nan^o waft'Satan. Diana loved Satan and Satan 16Vod Diana. It wa» Uxoughfc tiaat noithor o! thorn lofoa any other living thing, and it was a certainty thut no other Bring thing had lored either Diana pulled the roln and Satan stoppod with one fore-loot nplifted. They looked like and ebony-statuod Centaur. Beforo them tho sun was sotting—sinking, eliding down a littlo and a littlo into tho farmost odgs of the plain. So sultry snd rod and so close to the dead grass It seemed It must sot afire. Behind them tljpblno, fmow-linod wall of ths Sierra® readied up to the olouda* Tulare Lako glittered, and cloirod, and bnrned in flioicd stui- ray« until Its mnny-lcagno crrstal bosom seemed struck by some sudden txaosformlng foreo of naturo, and each single Atop of water changod to diamond. ■Ao ebony Contour let ita foot slowly to the around ; it took off ita slouohed hat, its font ayes l»jk*d straight into the west. A lizard mamporod away, rustling ths dmr grass |dth its scaly legs, ft squirrel Tanishcd into its hole ... inlthe ground, and ft Jack-iabbit paused in ■ ita gallop, r«®«d up oft ite haunches, wwi cars standing inquiringly straight up ; Its meek, surprised eyos stared ftt tho Oontaur as . those ofthe Oontaur Starod into tlio west. For all other sign of animated existence on tho plains those might have boon all flhat inhabited them. This region o# California, whose eastern horhton touches God's heights, was then in its sheep-hording poriod. Tho periods of tho wild horses and Mio cattio had gono beforo it, that of diitoh-diggers and house-builders oomo afterward. Lower sank tho sun, higher, and wider, and deepor-tinted spread its glow ; tho glory in tho west and the gray in tiie east touched edges at Jfcho sonith. High over tho dimploglltteroii, glistening, diamond-bosomed mko tho anui-js of tko sun built pyramids and domes and battlomonts of whito-floeeod olOuds J iu sliver and erimsou and ojjal and gold, thai roso and towerod and toppled ov* Into a smokc-girthcd ambor ocean. Tho halo of tho sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and tho brown dead clover. It crept to tho foot of tlio Oontaur, and oror its black glossy hido and stole into the faco of tho woman. Tlio scorn, tho defiance, faded out of it, the hard Hnoa of mascullno force eoftoned out of it. To moot tlio glow ol a dead d«ty camo out Iho glow of a dead heart. It touched her. eyes Tilth its cssencs of soul, and lighted her features with tho pnrcucss of tho virtue mat has aliastoued Itself In tho smelling furnaco of sin. Tho Oontaur was transfignred. A broad-branchod oalf—the only tsce for miles around—stood near ; a man, close followed by a shcop-dog, stopped from behind. Ho made no noiso and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and tmshorn, and roughly garmented. There was aii odd twitching of the muscles about his month, and as lie watched tho procoss of transformation in tho woman's fuco, Its spirit loapod in- ! to his own. Without any conscious volitien ho roaehod fortk his haad and sried out, ' Diana!' Was it the *oflection of tho sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear • ' She .touched tho Tela and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transflroration nolongor. It wss again tlio splondid, scornful, defl*nt cre&taco;, hating humanity and smiting tho oarth with Contemptuous feot. Tho man with tbo shoop-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away taking an opposite direction. A voieo, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as ho appronehed the door of the enigmatical construction burlesqued with the name of ' IIouso.' „ ' See, Bill, will yi, looks liko ho was walkin' homo, In tho shadow of life coffin, and Qhep sneaks along liko he'd boon a- stoahn T^o m*n to whom tho werds were addressed looked out, then dropped hts oyes and answered in o lower tone and softer voice than tho other ; ' Don't Joko him to-night Brassy, ho's 111 one of his bad ways. I wouldn't wonder ii he'd seen tlv)£ woman again. It's enough to makoooo think she's a ghost haunting him tho way ho looks after heV seec her.' ' Ha'nt be doggouod ; I'd Kko to ha*s sich a solid fantasmagoiy a ha'ntln' mo.' v ' Stop—he'll hear yon.' The ono Who , spoko last got up and walked out at tiio back door to stop tho talk of the other. ♦ Well, I'll bs gollod; if I was as tfeinskinned about oMier people's feolln'ft as somo *>oplo, I'd get me ftpstent outside,' muttered feassy. Tho cause of tho roirmrks Seated liimsolf on a. limb which stuck out of tho wood-pile in tho yard, took Out his pockot-knifo and commenced whittiwg* < Shoro sign,'growled Brassy, looking out' M ho passed baek and forth, cooking supper ; ' alluB whittles when he's'got 'om. Burn my ; soat if I ain't sometime* thankful for bcln outioutarously tough, but then them moods, an' tonses, aa' thom ilne-hairod foolia's help( a follow out of lota of cook in'. Wlio could ox a chap t.luvt lool<n liko lio was goin' to his own funeral to mnko salevatus biscuits, or ex poet n youngster with tlio brino so close to his eyelids to bilo murpliys f Say, Bill, wlint'makcs you so down in tlio mouth? Seen n ghost or .anything P' Hill did not look up, nor Btop whistling. ' Yes, 1'vo seen a ghost. Supper ready f' _ ' No, but I've got her on u-bilin',' chcerily answercd Brassy. IIo vena a very liomemado philosopher, and Archimcdos would most likely have rejectod tlio mathematics of tho soliloquy which ho indulged in. ' Knock nio down with a feather, if human . nature ivin'\ a.liard thing to ciphcr out. Now, thero's Bill and Dainty, ray partners, nary ono of which over forgets to foci tlio symptoms of approaching^ meal timo. But which , over sido of tlio questio* you get on, grub's ; in tlio middle, therefore splioing two and two, and makin' it versus an unkmown quantity which Is grub, I find by closo fiegcrin' that grub is tlio syntax of lifo, an' tlio result of tho calkorlation is Brassy has to cook it.' Brassy had to talk. If ho had not anyono elso to talk to ho tallud to himself, 'l'hoy wero a diversified trio who sat down to tho rough pino table which Brassy spread with a flourish against tho wall. Jloody, resorvod Bill, ohila- hoartcd Dainty, who had been rochristoned thus by Brassy bocanse of his slightnoss of stature and fastidious ways, and tho Irrepressible, philosophical, goodnatured Brassy, who talked when ho should have said nothing, and said nothing when ho should liavo talked, and always hit In tlio wrong plaoo. An oddly assorted partnership that kopt Ita bloating thousands on that territory of Tango whoso boundary lino was marked by its Tast lonesomcnoss. But in a climate wiicro tho squirrel, tho owl, and tho rattlcsnako dwolt peacefully in tho samo tifeodo, oven thoso three might harmoniso. Tho moon was full, and tho men sat ontsido tho cabin, two of tliom taking tlioir after-supper smoko. Tlio raystoriouscalm of the broeseless night had put upon thom its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowod head,, and wliittlod mechanically on a small pieco cf utoTO-wood, and Dainty held a oigaretto, oarossingly between his thumb antl forefinger, and blow contented liltlo puffs of smoko away from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipo and watched Bill from tinder tho rim of bis hat. 'Bill,' said ho, 'you ought to smoke; it'd bo a mighty comfort to yon, and savo a hoap • o' good stovo-wood.' Bill's only notico of tho romft'rk ^as to shift ends ojf tho stick and whittlo m«rb vigorously. Dainty moved uneasily and gavo Brassy a warning glanco ; but no warning glanco over could catch Drossy's understanding. Ho always maintamed that it was against his principles to tako hints. ' • Yes, smoking, is tho most continuous and comforting amusomont I know of; nothin' liko ij to put ft man in good sperrks onloss it's puttiti' good spcrrits in a man; and stoTO: wood in this oountry is mighty hard to got. Yes, Bill, you ought to tako to smokin*. It's palaces, and diamonds, and 'Babian steeds to the poro man. Oourso thoy go up in smoko, but., they're 111* -wUilo tlioy'r® going. If 'you'ro hungry, it's scjrt of soothmont to tho plaeo't's aoning for vituals. _ If you'ro alono in a howlin' wilderness it'B wife, cliildron,and . -Jrionds—-they go up in smoko, too, hut you "hare 'em while they're going ; and it keeps tho fotnalo sect from ha'nting a lonesoino bachelor.' IIo looked comically at Dainty, and noddod toward Bill. Duinty puckered his brows bito n most speaking frown and aslced : 1 Brassy, do you know why you nro not liko my old knifo P 1 Dunno, 'loss ifs 'oauso tho knifo shuts up Bomofimes. Yes, theco's most always some diflownoo between people and old knives; now, thero's Bill—Dainty Jumpod up and throw away his cigarette. 'Boy*,' said ho, 'let's tako tho j doffi over to tho river and trco a wild cat.' Brassy poekotcd liis pipo immediately. ' Bight me lord, I'm yourn when it's wild cats you talk. Aud if Bill urants to go tho triumvirate's agreed ; if ho d&n;'t 'Us may sigh to tho winds, to tlio GocWom DInnn, Bui Ills (Ja>'S tlicy will end on the tale of St. Ileloun.'' Ho sang tho linos of the old-fasliionod, long-ont of dato song in a most uumusionl roico, and it might hnvfi boon tho molody that mftde Bill start so suddenly that ho overturned tho stool on wliioli ho sat; it might liavo boon tho moonlight that mado him palo. Dainty hastonod to interposo, with tho suggostion that if thoy woro going they had bettor start. IIo could not have told why ho thought Brassy's insinuating nonsonso would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it oould pain him ; lio was ono of thoso peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. IIo did not eavo for wild cat hunting, but know that prowling about in a river bottom trying • to sooro up ' varmints,' was ono of Brassy's woalmssses. Besidos, thoro woro fow diversions to break the monotony pf tho elicep; herdor'B oiistonec, oven though tliero wero threo of thom, and thoy herded their own flooks and rodo tlioir own horses. It has boon jocularly said of shocp-hording, .' it tftkos but threo months to turn tho Strongest brain.' Tlio saying had a good foundation, more especially if tho timo woro summer. Think of a human being, endowed ■with the attributes of divinity, sot down on thoso vast plains to follow a thousand head of bleating shoop—sheep are always bleating; day utter day to see tlio sun riso rod aud sultry, to sliino all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a dhangeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and snltry at eve. To hear, night after night,tlio west wind—always tho woat wind—Wowing its dreary music, and tho howl of tlio prowling coyoto. Night aftor nitfht the samo sounds, day after day ' tho Janie scenes, his companionship tho lizard and tho horned-toad—always following round and round that thousand head of bloating sliecp. Tho moon was high up in tho sky when they reached tho timber of tlio river which was about threo miles from thoir camp. [ ' Boys,' again said Dainty, ' I'm somehow [ sorry I asked you to como to- night; I fool | liko RonioSiing was going to liappon, and that wo ought to get out of lioro as quick as ws can.' 1 1 Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelings is too close to tlio atinosplicro. What you s'poso could happen T Think Joaqnin Murietta er , Threo fingered Jack's a luxuriating in tho shudders of tho underbrush, sconted our money pockcts and layin' fur us, as it woro f' Bill smiled at this, it was bo ridiculous, and Dainty said no moro of his undefined fear. An hour, two .hours, threo, of tramping, juid not a wild eatwAB amiablo to tree and Bb killod, much to Brassy's disgust. Tirod out, they started homo. ' Listen, don't yon hoar a curious sound?' said Dainty. All of thom stopped and listened, but only for a moment. ' Merciful God!' shouted Brassy. ' Bun fa? your lives. It's King's Biver overflowed I' They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many , stumblings. ' K wo could only get to tho slough fust,' panted Brassy. . The dry bed of tho slougli was Gnly n few hundred -feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than tlioir hoads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon thom. Tho water •from the river overtook (hem and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was nsoloss now to try to roach tho slough, impossible to oross if thoy could, that orackling, muffled roar Tyas too near. Thoy worobotwocn two floods ; it was n moment to act without deciding. With ono accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty ar>d hoisted him into tho forks of a largo sapling, by tho sido of which ihey had stoppod, and scudded up after him. A minuto later they woro in tho middle of ft mil«-wido wasto of fast-rising wator.' Behind thom was the terrible, swift, rolling river, who«9 head was in tho heart of : the eternal snows ; beforo thom tho slough, over which thoy.had walked dry-footed three i hours before, rolled another river, swiit- ' flowing, muddy, Ico-nold, and deadly deep. Tlio Bnpling swayed and bent with tlieir weight, sometimes dipping them inti (ho chilling water, nnd fihook and shivered to its topmost twig when somo floating object lodged against It. Higher roso the flood nnd swathed tlreir souked garments nbout thom; it was so cold, —so clinging cold ; nnd tho night was so balmy and wnrin, and tho moonlight so soft and so beautiful. ' Partners,' mid Brassy, 'I reckon wo'ro euchred this timo.' 'Looks lilto it,' respouded Bill, 'and I'm quito willing.' ' Well, then, yon'vo tho fust man I over eaw tlint was ready for rain. Courso wo'd liov to swing out tomo day, an' drowndin'. tlioy say, is an easy death ; but to bo drowned liko ft passol of treed squirrels disagrees with mo. 1 might 'a' knowed tlieso hot days, 't's cooked tho grass dry enough to mako yeastpowdors, 'd molt tho snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I'to lived nigh King's Elver long enough to bo a-lookiug out for a thing liko this. An' I desorvo a soakin' for being onthouglitcd; but I don't liko to bo drowned liko a miserabls squir'l.' ' Partners,' said Dainty, very gontlv, ' If I don't get out of here, nnd you do, (llrido my sheep betweon you. There's nono akin to mo, nobody in thi world to slied ft tear for mo if I dio.' ' Thoro mayn't bo any kin to weep for you, as fur as rotation goes, but If anything liko that happens* Bill and mo'll shed enough brind over you to keop your momory from spoilinV ' I feel somehow that it will bo that way— you two will got out and I-wou't.' • 1 An' I fool, somehow, 't nary ono of us over dono sicli n mean trick, an' wo ain't golu' to commenco now. I'ardnors Is pardnors in Californy.' Dainty smiled n faint little smllo, liko ft pleased child. Tho moon wont down at last fcnd loft them in the twilight of dawn. Still tho wntor roso, and still tliov olung closor to tho bonding sapling, Bill holding on as tight either of tho others. In fheer weariness of living, wo may cry out for death to come, but when it comos to us, and looks squa-o in our faces, wo would rnthor it waited a littlo longor j not much ' longer, maybe—perhaps only until wo havo . accomplished one otlior thing that wo would not loavo undone—but suroly just a. littlo, longer. When tho first rod streak of day shot down into tho mountain mists and glowed through tho clear atmosphoro of tho plains, only from shonldors up woro tho men ab0T0 water, Thoy watched tho row light creep down tho ennons of tho Sierra Nevada, ana spread its intangible glow over tho dark, sleeping lake, and waken tho lulls of tho Coast llango. And then every tiling on tho plains boforo tliom was lighted up and transformed by tho peculiar mirage which was ono of tho characteristics of that rogion. Objects, which a moment boforo would have boon undiscernI ablo with magnifying aid, stood out clear t and distinct to tho naked oyo with a nearnoss tlint was startling. . Tho hut* of tlio scattering sheep-camps wero a city of palaces in air, strcotod liko Ycnico, with water, and with gardong nnd trees surrounded. Tho hut wliioh stood half a mllo directly boyond their camp was standing on tho top of tlioirs with inrorted roof. Tho shcop walked on stilts, and tho legs of tho cattle and horses wore _ twenty feet long at least. Bill watelied it with an interesting Studying expression in his oyes. ' I doubt,'said ho, • if thoro is another placo whero these peculiar phonomena of jnirogo ftppoar.' It was i tlio first that either of them had spoken ft(T mors than an hour. ' I won't argy tho possiblencss of fconominy what-you-may-call it with you. I nln't > posted,an' aint. got timo to hunt up thop'ints ' an I fool moro liko savin' my broath to float with when tho water gits higher.' ' Well, I'vo been figuring a littlo montally on tlio water question, and, according to my reckoning, wo'11 havo about thirty-five minutes boforo tho muddy stuff gets into our nostrils.' Brassy made a grimaoo at this information, and Dainty closed his oyes and whispered, • Dear Goil, Thy will bo dono.' His faco ' was purple-spotted with cold. Silenco another fivo minutes ; theu Brassy started so percoptibly tliat tho sapling trombled, and mado ripples about thoir necks. ' I never paid as muoh attention to tlio Scriptures as I 'sposo I ought to, but I i reckon thoy ro lettin' tho bosses out o' tho aonlfl in heaven this raornm\ Jgco tho black ono comin now.' 'Por tho lovo of heaven, Brassy,' cried JJamty, in a horror-shocked voice, 'don't bo ; blasphemous now.' I 'Blajfceinus, nothin"'; don't It say iriKovolutions : Ai,d wlicu lio lu.d opened tho third seat 1 heard tho third voico say, Come and see. And I behold, nnd lo, a blaok horso, ana ho that sat upon him had a pair of balances m his hand.' An' I see tho black hoss an tho rider with tlio balaucos ; thoy aint lit vet. Look straight ahead of your oyos, and aco 'om yourself.' Thoy both looked as directed and behold a most singular pho/iomenon. Piffcoen or twenty foot aljovo tho ground, liko a black cameo sot in air, startlingly distinct, was a giant black horso nnd a black rider, with something in Its hand. It was headed towards tho nvor and in tho ftttitndo of a loni?Rwmging lopo. As instantly as tho mirago had appeared ns instantly it vanished. Quicker than tho wink of an oyo tho citv of palaces dissolved into tho huts of tho scattering snoop-camps, tho slieop woro brown ants running ovor tho plain, and tho colossal1 oqumo phantom of tho uir a moving black dot on tlio earth. Tho faces of both Ml and Dainty suddenly paled. One thought ho had seen into tho unseen world,' tho other know ho had not. If the rider of that hoss 'donlyoeo us,' groaned Brassy; ' if wo could only hold out till lie got here, forgetting perhaps that a • human ho,id in tho situation of theirs would be exceedingly difficult to distinguish from a pieco of wood tho sanio siza. ' I do beliovo it's comin' this way, but can it get hero P To bo drownded liko a miserable squir 1 is bad enough, but it makes it a neap wuss when rescuo's so nigh.' Brassy and Dainty kept thoir oyes strained on tho horse; Bill kept his as resolutely away ; yet ho know as suroly ns thoy that it was coming toward them, and very fast Once tho horso stoppod, nnd tho rider swept tho river border with a field-glass, pocketed it again, and caino on faster than boforo. Above tho roar of tlio water thoy could honr tlio olattonng ring of tho hoofs as thoy sent tho dust and clouds flying from tho brown earth. At last, with sweat-wet flanks and foamspooked mouth, Satan stopped short on tho high bank of tho slougli, and Diana, shading hor oveswith hor right hand was looking straight at the faces in tho water. Brassy tried to wavo his hand and givo a shout, but only succeeded in slushing tho water in his mouth and getting himself a moro insecure hold of tho troe. Dainty murmured ' Thank God !' Bill's faco turnod a chalky gray. He made no other sign. Diana took in,/with ono swift, surveying glance, tho tevriblo situation of tho men—tho dangerous floating debris, lodging against tho tops of tlio undergrowth beneath tho water, and tho treacherous slough at hor foet—thon dashed away up tho stream. Dainty looked after her with a sort of helpless resignation. Brassy heaved a groat sigh. ' I wish sbo hadn't gono; it's no use, slio never can /ret help hero in timo to do us »ny good. At\ it'd 'a' been a sort o' consolation to hcv hor sot thero and seu't wo died bravo. I toll you, boys, company in an omcrgoncy lilto this is a mighty sight of asBistunco to pluck. When a man's goin' to bo hung Jio can keep liis kneos from knooking together with tho scrcnonoss of showin' the m*n't hangs him that ho's grit; but to bo 1 treed and drownded in muddy water without | aobody ovon to By ■ she's coming to as, God bless her!' . ' God fidvo her,' wild Dainty. A hundred yards or so above them Diaua was hurriedly throwing off her boots and hoariest outer garments ; slipping the brullo from tho liorso's enrs, fihft slipped it down over his noao and flung it on tho ground by' tho garments, and, sticking her hools into his flanks with tho abandon of ft vaqufro, tried to rush him over tho rivor bunk. Ho snorted and roared on his hind foot, standing fio straight that Diana had to clasp her hands round liw neck to keep from sliding off bohind. llo was a wonderfully trained animal in spito of vicious tendencies, andhonovcrboforo refusod to obey Diana—tho rivor terrified him out of his training and loyalty.. Again sho tried to rush him over, and ngam■ ho plunged find reared, Snorting with torrori and straight upon his hind feot wh\rled his, lingo body around, heading away from tho rivor. Diana woro a largo silk liandkorcliiof round hor neck i this slio untied and twisted about his noso for ft rciu, loped him soveral liuudred paces away, then whirled around nnd camo dashing back at full spocd. Just at tho rivor bank sho loaned forward and shouted to liim something in a foreign tonguo, and ovor thoy wont., horse and woman into tho flood, and sank in it out of sight. Tho mon watching lior forgot thoir own poril. It was but ft moment until they roso to tho surface, blowing tho water from their nostrils, and struck out diagonally across tlio ourront, steadily, straight towards tho heads in tho water. Tho long black lmir of tho woman had tumbled down to hjr waist, and mado (l cloak for hor wet whtto shoulders. Her arms, rcacliod forward'to guldo tho liorso thono ivory white in the now-born sunbeams; aNeroid guiding hor aea-liorsa back to tho sea. It was slow work, tlio horse boing unused to swimming, but for tho forethoughtfulness of crossing the ourrent diagonally downward, tlio attempt must havo failed. Diana guided Sat<m by patting tho sido of his fftse, first with ono hand, tnon with tho otlior, caressing his nock with her baro per- ' feet arms, and talking coaxingly, oncpuragixijjly to him, all tho timo kcopinf his noao ' pointed directly towards the hoads, which by that timo looked liko thrco coooa-nuts. Nearer and nearer—slio is within speaking distance—' Billy,' tho voico was _ strangely sweet, and soft, and rich, commingling prayor and command, ' wlion wo got ovon with you ■ pull yourself 011 behind mo. Ho caught tho back of tho saddlo, and with much difficulty pulled himself upon thehorso as tlio strangely sweet voico had hidden him ; no otlior word , was spoken. Tlio liorso sunk a littlo doopcr nnd struggled ft littlo harder to swimwith his .doubled burden. At ft point considerably below thom tlio high bank flattened out and tho wator ran over, making a sort of swamp ; to this Diana ; steered. lno moment thoy touched land Bill slippod to t! 0 ground as quickly as his numbed limbs would lot him. Diana handed him a small flat flask of brandy, which sho took from somo pockot in lior qncorlyfashioned toilot. Their hands touohod as I10 took it, and one instant tlioir oyot looked into cacli other's. A momentary blush fiprcnd over both faccs, leaving thom wliitor for tho contrast. , Sho started Satan back up tho slough, and Bill stood grasping tho littlo sllvor flask with hands too shaky to got its mouth to his. Was it tho cold numbnoss that mado liitn tromblo so f Ho was ft vory stcady-norvod man but ho was very cold. Tho numbness nnd trembling got into his brain now, and ft ringing in his cars, and from somo far-ofT land, in somo far-off time ho licard ft voico— , his or somo other's—saying: ' Wo will neither of us spoak to tho other, nor of tho • other, till ono of us is dead.' This timo tho liorso mado no rosistanco, but leaped ovor tlio bank and struck bravely out ■ into the current. Diana guidod him carefully as before, and hor faeo was as palo and as sot, but tho illumination of heroic rosolvo had faded out of it, leaving only tho patienoo of self-imposed duty. Holiovod of 1 Mil's wolght . tho sapling slightly raised, and tho shoulders of Brassy and Dainty were abovo water. How oagerly thoy watchcd tho approaching Nereid ; alio was briuging tlioin dcliroranoo or more sudden death. Onoo tho liorso swerved in his courr.o, and onoo tho brush of a floating limb left a long red scratch on Diana's arm, wlion sho pushed it out of tlioir way. ' Brassy will come next; tho trco will hold up the lightest man tho longest,' tho voico I might liavo como from a sphinx so hard and lifolossly calm it was. Brassy did not liko to go first, but I10 thought it ono of tho times when ' boggars cannot bo olioosors'; besides, tlioro was 110 timo to debate tlio question. If tlicy let the liorso pnBt thom noitlicr could S°• And so it camo, in spite of Brassy's assertions and with 110 willingness of their own, that both of Dainty's partners wont out and loft him. Brassy was landod safely by tho sido of Bill, who apparently had not moved ft stop. IIo still hold tho silver flask, but I10 did not t look into Diana's faeo, nor did sho into his. f When sho started back 011 tho third perilous' venture, ho heard again in tho ringing of his otirs, tho voico from that somowlioro timo:. 1 Wo will neither of us speak to tho other, ■ uor of tho otlior, till olio of us Js dead.' . Again tho bravo horse leaped ovor into' tho cold, still-rising flocd, And liorso and. ridor again wont out of sight, Thoy woro longor coming up this timo, and mado tho way slower and with much greater effort. Satan was tired, and Diana too. Sho did not spoak when nearing Dainty, to toll liim to got on boliind her, only motioned that ho should, with a wavo of hor hand. When thoy woro safely started homoward Brassy could not forbear n, glad shout, and flung out his dragglo-slcoved arms with ft joyous ' Hooraw 1' In tho swiftest current, not more than thirty yards from tho shore, all ot onco tlio horse stopped swimming and thoy went down, so suddenly that Bill and Brassy rubbed thoir oyos, thinking their sonsos must have cheated them. Drowning pooplo riso thrco times to tho surface, theso did not como up at all. Onco Diana's hand jiushed through the wator. Bill started to it, Brassy hold him back. ' ' Don't,Bill, it's no use ; if you or mo could 'a' swum out o' thnt flood wo wouldn't 'a' Staid in till tho marrow frozo in our bones.' Bill fought to got froo, and in tho scufflo both camo near falling into tho slough. ' Stid o' fighting liko two fools wo'd bettor bo rustlin' up somebody an' somotliin' to git 'em out.' Bill's hands dragged limply at his sides. 'You'ro right, it's no tiso ; go for help, I'll stay ana watch for thom.' Many hours afterward mon camo with a wagon, and boat, and grappling hooks, and dragged for tliom, but not until tho flood nbated were tho bodies found. Dainty was haulod out first; when Brassy saw liim a queer littlo cry escaped him. llo took his old partner's head in his hands, and the toars ran streaming down his cheeks; it was probably tlio first timo in his lifo that ho ' could not speak. Diana, was brought ont, next, and laid on tho hot sand by tho sido of Dainty. Tho wator had washed:her hair down on caoh sido of hor head, crossod it undor her chin, and swathed it round her nook, making a dripping black frame for her face. Could over that wliito, peaceful face havo darkened with distorting passion, or those faintly smiling lips but a week ago havo hotted at a. horse-raco, and sworn at a shoop-licrder for beating his dog ? Thou art a mighty artist, Death I Bill stood silently looking down upon her; suddenly a trembling seized him, liko a dumb animal that has been struck a blow ovor its brain. Out of that fur-off lifo lio heard life own voico saying : "Wo will neither of us speak to tho other, nor of tho otlior, till ono of us is dead.' ' Diana, Diana !' tlio words were a pitying cry, hoarso and full of pain; perhaps nono but tho dead heard, Tho mon woro vory busy. Tho bodios were buriod on a largo knoll, not far from tho spot whcro tlioy woro drugged from tho river—Diana nnd Dainty, with1 tlicir heads to tho ■west, nnd Satnn between them, with head to Iho novth. At tho head of Diana's grovo Bill put up a rcdvvood eros.« on which no carved with his knife, and stained tho lettora red, ' Diana.' And uiulor tho lonely narao these lines ;— ' In every form of the ltmnnn 801110 hint of tho highest dwells.' It was nil over at last, except tlio niglitniaro horror of it; nnd Bill and Brflssy ugnin i Pat out in tho moonlight by tlioir cabin. _ Bill leaned against tho wall, but did not whittlo. Brassy wrestled with tho old pipo until lif could not any longor onduro tho silence, and blurtod out Iris thoughts:—' I wondor what nmdo hordo It!' Slowly Bill Miswored:—' 1 8I10 used to bo mv wifo. 1 jr.vDtin Mounts. In tho Argonaut. 