: , Novelist. The Ghost of Oak Orag \- : BY ESTHElt BEIlLB KENNETH. \- Tho old Meadows lroitao. Evcryono in \- ... Lonnox know whoro it ivua. Forytnrs v . : i - only part of it wua ocoupied. The build- ingstood upon wlint wns- culled "Oak vr . : , ora)» " and l'oso, a groat solemn stone . ;i-. :v.- building, nearly square, in tho full eight ' of tho town. . Onco it had boon a very popular place, . '.' as .tlio country sent of ' tho Meadowa.: |V-v Parties. from tho city thronged' it. all ."i... .!, -!. . 6Ummor. : It was known us n popular ro- \- : sort - whilo old Drake Meadows lived, .v .'.iv r Hut for years it had boon nearly, do- . : sertod, anil most of , tho family worn ' dead -h ' ' Tho family had rapidly died out. Old -. Drnko Moadows lost liio wifo and daugh- ter, men purieu wiui mis lieu, nimsoii,. : v:: : . ' leaving tlio property to two sons— one of whom, vciy woaltliy,. resided iii Europe ; . : - ; . liie otluir — woll, nobody know exactly v.. u - whero Itielc Mcuduva was or what had i.bucomo ot lnm. Hu used to bo known in i:1' ; i . tho old times as tho aoapcgraoo son, who u;.,u , -was always ill diilicu'ty.- Ho had a kind v . of pnssioimto pride, but no dignity. Ho was litnl fellow well met with everybody, .. and used to go lishiiig' with the tavorn boys, and oil on niglit ixpcdilions after ... : . nobody know what. A groat trial to his rattier tiify proud rolatiuns, tho towns- \- pou>lo nsncrlcd ; bur with thom lio was a great favoilto. In nnto of bus pranks upon tlioir per- < : sons nnd property, tlicro wbro genorous ways and winning tricks about tho' boy. . . . Ho would sometimes atone in tho most . - . - : lavish manner for his deprcdutiuns upon tlioir possessions — bringing bnok tho fruit .-- : or oluckons or pumpkins he hud Btolon at ' . ; niglit, or if tho. property was dostroyed, .. inoro than paying for it out of his pocket- -'. monoy iVIion iingored or insulted, lie .would fight liko n young, domou, aud idrivo ovorytliing boforo liini. Inhia por- . tsonni iiKiugs nu wua quuo us xerviu, ana " to lovo aud liato. liko Rick Meadowa" iliad bccomo n proverb in tho town. . But wlion tho family loft tho Crag, ono cntuuin, nnd novor came back again, \- . Rick disappeared from thair yibw. Ho wns n Ind of oigiitcon.tlioii ; and, not long nflcr nowa of Ins fathor's 'death ouino, itwnp reported that lie lmdgono into tho urlliy. . ' i , "For years and yenrj tho houso' stood' ; " empty. Tho garden rim to wasto, tlio \- y i = foiicra grew dilapidated, nnd. the trees . vecmed to sigh ill a uioiiriiful way boforo ' 1 'tho silent door, when ono day a incsssu- vgur nrrivcil from tin) city to aay that Ed- : v- .. Aviiid- Mviidiiws, tlio' owner, wanted to juitin (uoupaiit m it who would koop tho '.:1 . : phiou.in ord> r fur tho rent, i''.:'-.".'. ' .'Tho uew8 8ceined n pelf, cfc goiiaend to ' L una Liinii" bin. liovor thought for a , morfunt tine Ilia houso was bAuntcd 5 v for tho place, iiko any othor dosorled ' v: :- . " habitation, had gnthcrou disagroeahlo ro- . ports She only know that it would bo a . " loino for hor brothor Wostorly and Nioraolf during Wcstoily'a studies! and v: /lioaocurdinglj' iipjil itd for it and obtained .fit. ' Tlio hrothoi nnd sister woro vory Hilferont. Dourlvno EuipM Lauiar loved' iWr brothor Westerly Lamar wau .-twe ta'bad.- naaaionalo, unaoriipulous. fellow. i--.v,'j(o''had' inherited cholorio blood ami a' i : -' ' iiblfiBh nature from his father. All bio 'U; mother's nolile qualilios scorned trans- mitted to hiB sistar. Emma was tho . nldor, being twouty-tlueo. ' Wosterly ,vi|s JUst of age. ,' '.n.' ',.': Kcolnto fncing of a hard world had ;r' ' '' ' "(yen Emmit Lamnr an air that was a ; . Qttio grim j hut alio had oxquisito fua- T tuico and bonutiful, dnrk blue oyes. Slio would haio hoon a beauty and a hollo if iho bad possessed tho taotos mid mannors af n beaut) aud a bo'.lc ; but life was and ilnuya had boon n serious matter with acr She had ton father and mother jk \aio in hoi early youth ; and now alio # lived for Wco'ul) , who was not a vory " eomforting oljcct lo live for. . . 1 : ' Wosterly was stiidymg modiomo, and . wnii, at least, an nmb'.tioiis aludont. Of : ! sourso tlioy woro poor, but Lmmae lapability kopt iliom always ui reap.ct; ablo appoaranco. Sho kept ''''h' , .0. \- erfeotly independent .nnd out of debt . which gavo thom a strong claim' to tho ro- Bpeot of tlioir neighbors. Whon thoy wont to Oak Crag to livo, they had everybody's bo'st wishes. No ono. was particularly fond of Wostorly Lamar,' but nil wished him wall for liis sistor's sako. Evoryono .approved of Emma Lamnr, tlio dovotcd daughtor and good aiator. The firat evening they opent at Oak Crag, both felt n littlo strangely. They oOoupied the west side. The remainder of . tlio houso was deathly still. That morning tlioy had wnndorcd through it, viewing for tho first tirno tho spacious rooms, half at ripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and sinolling of mould. Tho placo wna merely a curiosity lo thom tlion ; but alien darkness closod over it, and tlioy remembered what a changed placo it was siuco tlio days when the grand old placo had boon tlioir childhood's awo . and admiration, tho neighborhood of .those cold and desolate rooniB to tlioir ovening firo was a littlo oppres sive." - > "This ia n pokcrish plnco, after- all, Era,1 said Westerly, after he hnd sat silent a wlule,. listening to tlio moautng of tho wind in the chimney! whilo his sistor Emma sat by tho hearth, absorbed in her work. Sho lookod up. "But it is going to bo so much bottor for us, Wostorly." . ".It will take all my time to look after that old garden," . '."Not more tirao than you ought to givo- to exercise oftor studying so much."- . "But I want to go into tho city sumo- limos." - And Westerly Lamar roso, strolled to tho window, and looked thoughtfully out at tlio pitch-black night. . His sistor was silent foramomont,thcn sho onid : "You mustn't go into tlio city and leave mo alone here, Woatcrly." "I'd nevir have cuine hero if I had thought of that," oxclainicd Wostorly Lamar, iinpatioutly. " What wero you thinking of whon you niado tlio plan, Em? Did you want to bury us alive ? " Wo can't afford to bo wry gay, it vaiurij . " Aifurd 1 I'll nfifnrd a decent life one of tliqso days," muttered the young man, as ho turned again to tho window, and lookod at the city lights. There was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's faco as alio wont on with her work. Sho might have bocu hurt by hor brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she wns thinking her plan of coming to Oak Crag might bo an unfortunato una. Her expression was very gravo, wliatovor might bo its cnuso. Westoily finally returned from tho window- to his books. As iho momonts passed, and tho clock ticked loudly in tho silent' room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over hor sowing, and nt last a tear Bplaslicd oil tlio snowy linen. , Sho hnd tried eo hard to mako tho placo pleasant and homelike to Wcstorly 1 At least it did Boom that ho was unapprcoiativo. ' Hc-luokcd iip at'., hor.'suddenly as. tho clock struck ten. .. Eni. yoii lind better go to bed. I am going to study till Into," ho , said. Einmd hesitated. - " I'm not sleepy. Won't you be lonely here, Westerly ?" ' -."No,'.' ho replied.- " I can study much bettor bv mvsclf." - ' So, after a littlo whilo, Emma put by hor work, bade liiin good-night, and wont across tho hall to Hor room. . She-sighed heavily as sho lot down her hair boforo tho mirror; mid, as sho looked at the roilcbtiim of her face, alio saw that her chcok was pale, and her oyes mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but did not sleep. Sho watched tlio moonlight creep across tho floor, and listened to tl.o dismal wail ing of the wind, uutil tho clock Btruolc twelve. Then she roso,"wrnpped herself from the frosty air, and stepped across tho hall. Sho opened tho sitting room door sofllyianil looked in. Tho oil had burned out of tlio lamp, and tho wick sputtorod fcobly. Tlio room was unoccupied, and apparohtly.hnd boon for 'soma time, for tho firo was out, and tho atraosphero was chilly. Emma Lamar went back to hor bed, and burying lior faco in tho pillows, sobbed like a child. Sho realised hor dreadful situation. Probably sho would bo loft alono in that dcsolnto placo night alter niglit, while hor brother wns away, secret. For tho last throo mouths hor brother lind boon ocoustomod secretly to take tlio night train at olovon o'clock, go into the city, and return to his room at somcwhero about four o'clock in tlio morning. . Sho possossed this knowledge uiikiiowirto him. When ho would mako his nppoaranco at breakfast, it would bo \vlthpalo ohcoks and bloodshot oyes, of sullon and heavy lieadod with inoufiloiont sloop. With a dread that was almost a Biiroty of ovili alio had asked no questions. Slio boliovcd her brother to bo wedded to soino bad practice, but slio could nob toll what; Ho wns easily otigured; and sho did not dare question liiin for four of causing an outbreak which would bo no satisfaction. S\ nftor most earnest thought, sho halt enmo to Oak Orag, hoping that tlio change n( situation and tho demand upon his limo and attimtioii might altor his luibits. Slio wns con vinced that tho plan .was unsuccessful ; and tho prospect of boing left alono in that gloomy place niglit af tor night wns appalling. Tlio olock struck one, Just thou a slight noise startled hor. Sho raised her bond nnd listened It wns a stop ill tho room nbovo. Ilcr heart stood still, mid then ooinmoncod beating ao that alio avub nearly auffooatcd. Her first thought was to lock tlio door of her room, She did this, nnd then crept beck into bed and . listened. She could distinctly hour como olio going about over head, nntl for a. whilo oho was completely abandoned to torror. Thon sho attempted come solution of tho problem. Thohnusu was old, and tho noisu might bo caused by rata. But sho could not, in roneon, ontortain this idoa more llnin a minute. Tho step hocamo a regular pacing ovor- licud. Sho was convinced that stinio ono beoido herself was in tho house. Sho lay and listened to tlio sound. Thon alio thought it might bo Westerly ; but sho know too Avell that lior brother, abhorred'. those lonely prceinots overhead, mid would by no means outer them by night. IIo avbs inilos uAvny, and alio was alono in wlint seemed to hor great dnngor, Tlio stiito of rooms that tho Lanmrs liad taken Ayero on tho ground -floor. Emma's bedroom 'iviridqw. was about three, feet . from tho gardon walk. Through tho oak boughs tlio moonlight flickered on tlio floor, and alio, lay looking nt it ob slio listenad. Suddenly, tlio Bound ovorhond coased. Wondoriiig what this might portond, alio listened anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, somo assault, sho re- mcinhored that hor bedroom Avindow wns not fastened, and tlio room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, Bho was about to slip from tho hod ami fasten it, when a shadow fell across tlio flior in tlio patch of fliokbring moonlight. Sho glanced toward tlio window, and saw a face— a dreadful, wild; ghastly, pallid faco — with burning oyes that mot Iters for a moment ; thon tho faco disappeared, and Emma Lnmar sank back in a swoon of terror. Whon alio returned to consciousness, alio heard her brothor cough in his room odjoining ; nnd bIio know that ho had re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a fooling of Bnfoty, sho turned upon hor pillow, and, resolving to investigato tlio mystery na day caino, foil nslcop. It wns Into when alio awoke, and sho sprang from bed before she remembered tho events of tho night. It soonied like a dronm os she suddenly romomhered what the last night's oxperionco lind boon j and tho more so whon stio threw open tho windows and let in tho ringing songs of tho birds. At breakfast sho told Wcstorly tlio story. II o catne out of liis room sloopy and sullen ; but whon slio commonccu her nnrrativo ho Hashed into sudden angor. . " 1 tell you "tlio ourscd old plnco is haunted, Em," ho exclaimed. " Of courso it is. Thoro's no otlior solution for such sights and sounds, 1 presumo old Meadow's ghost haunts it ; mid unless you want such visitors every night wo had butter leave." . " If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, nnd you woro lioro, Wostorly, I should not bo afraid," replied his sister. "What do you mean by my being hero 5" ho said quickly. "You were not horo last night, Wes terly," answered Emina, hardly willing to meet liis glnnco of astonishment and anger at licr diacovory, yet speaking Wcstoriy was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado,— " I had businoss in tho city. And I'll toll you what, Eui, I may bo arvay any night. So, if you don't want lo bo left alono hero with tho ghosts, you'd bottor find soino othor abode. For my part, 1 novor was in favor of coming hor." " Why, what can you want in tho oity at night, Wostorly ?' said Emma, sorrow- fully. 'That's my business," replied Wcstoriy, gruffly, bending ovor his breakfast. Hero tho conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Wcstorly ate his breakfast in silonco. ..During tho forenoon' thoy Avont about tlioir scpnrato occupations ; but ih the afternoon Emma camo into tho sit ting-room whero bcr brother sat studying,, aiulTaying hor hand lightly upon his arm, asked, — . : " Wcstorly, will you go up Stairs with mo ?" " What for 1" lio asked in surpriso. '. "To seo if any onq-is there; or has boon' lliore," sho said. - ' For a" moment. hclooked JiioroduliSus.' Thon lio roso slowly, saying,- . " Why, JSm, yon must ho a fool I How could any ono got into those rooms ? They are looked in ovory direction. But I'll go up.if yon like." \- Thoy wont up- stnirs. . The Btairs-rvoro broad and tho steps low. Tho halls, dusty and sunny, ooliood their voicos whon thoy spoko ; but, though lonely, tho placo was not in any degree foarful. ' , v . ; They unlocked and opened room, after room, all of which lookod eilont and un disturbed. At last ' tlioy canio to . Iho chamber from whenco had proceeded- tho Bound of footsteps tho previous night. Emma L-imar's lio irt hent linrd as sho un locked tlio door. Toey ontorod. -Tlio room was silent, nnd echoed tho 'creaking door. All was perfectly still and. undis turbed. . Wostorly Iniiglud as'liis sistor looked about tho room. ... " Do you supposo ghost3 loavo any rnarka to traok thom by ?" aaid lie. " Como, Em, don't bo silly any longer. I toll you no livo person oould linvo boon in tlio room last night." " What 1b this ?" Emma niokod up a glovo from the floor. Both examined it in surpriso." It was n man's buokskin glovo, gau'ntlotcd, and fnetencd Avith' a heavy gold -button, on Avliioh woro bngrnved tlio initials, " R.M." Tlio glovo boro tho impress of n shapoly hund ; but it hvao impossiblo to tell how rocontly it had beon worn, it was so soiled and stained, "It has probably lain horo for years, whoro somo visitor of tho old family dropped it," remarked Westerly. "j fancy it foels slightly damp, Wcs torly," said his sister. "Nonsonsu! It's, nothing but tlio (limpness of Iho room. These north- wost chambers nro full of chills. Como, throw it down, und lot us go down BtairB," - '. :I!ut Euima lcopt tho glovo, carried it down stairs; and laid it away. ' That night Wosterly promised hor that lio Avould , not lcavo tho house, and tho brothor aud sister retired to thoir rooms at tun o'clock. Suddonly, no tho cluck struck, cloven, a- bell rang violently through tho house.- It wns not tho hall door hell, hut procuedcd from ouo of tlio chambers. Emma hoard hor brothor spring out of hod with nu oath. Tho next . moment ho was at lior door, whon alio niet him. " For licaveii'o sako . what" is that, jvimim-t . nucxomimcu. "It is thb boll of tlio iiorlli-wcst'clinm- bor," oho replied. All this timo tho boll was ringing. Sud denly it stopped. " What shall wo do, Wostorly ?" " Curso mo if I don't find out what this moans I" oxolaimodjiorbrothor. IIo sprung buck lo his room,, and, to Emma's surpriso, roturnod with a revol ver. .- " Where di'il you got that, Weslorly?" "Novor mind.' Tako Hint light and coino with mo." Slio was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and tlio nir of tlio "entries . was chill! but slio did not mind. She fol lowed lior brothor in his rapid speod up stairs. ' Strango to nay, his theory of ghostB Iiad never mado any iinprcssioi) on lior. Slio fearod polhing so vaguo, but anticipated somo strango discovery, of human beings ivlioro all had scorned deso lation, ' Tho first strango development Avns thnt tho door of the north-west choinbor was unlocked. ' It yioldod to Wostorly'slmiid, and with an cxolnmatiun of surpriso bo entorcd. \ - Thoro was-no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered Oil tho tablo, and upon a lomigo lay a man, ovi- doritly in tho agonies of death. Ilis fuco was deadly palo, and tho eyes woro rolled- up as- if, lio. were in; convulsions. Tlio brothob.niid sister stoid by in silent -hor ror. In a. moment tho convulsed fen-;- turo3 Avcro soon to relax, and the breath stoppod. " Ho io dead," raid- Wostorly. Tlioy brought tho light to tlio marhlo f.icu. It was Iiaiidsomo mid haggard. Wcstorly uttorod an cxclanintiou of sur priso. '- " What is it, Wosterly ?" "I saw that man last night in the city. " ' "Whoro ?" "In a gambling saloon," replied tho youngman, excitedly. Ho forgot at tho nlnniont that lip wns betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La- mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal boyoud tho mora words. Sho looked down at the man, and a look of ivearincss and sorrow oil tho still, 'pallid'fuce touched her to tears. "Pshaw I What are you crying for?" oxolnimed Westerly. If Hold Iho light a minute." - Ha gave hor the light', thon, unfasten ing the . mail's nrcktic, and, baring his breast, made Various tests of : life. Tlio farm lay as impassive aud cold as tnarblo, " Ho's doad enough," said Wostorly. " What are wo to do with him J .Shall I call n physician, Wostorly ? I am ho afraid to go down tho hill.' Emma Lamar thought'slio wouldprofer it to romainiug with ;tlint solomn doad figure, whilo liur brother Avont to call lnlp or ovidcnco. But Wostorly did not anawcir. Aftor a fuw momonts ho covered tho face, and Baid,— " Como down stairOnoAV.'! Tlioy'Avent back to tho sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at each " How did ho come horo, Weslorly V" "Heaven only knows; but, Em, it's tho best luck that ' ever happened to ma 1" " IIow 9" " I shall uso him for a subject if liotli, iiig happens to prevent— that is, if I see no chalice of detection; Prof,. Gardner will pay mo one hundred. pound', and ask no questions. "Good heavens I Wostorly, I bog of you—" . ' ' "Pshaw 1 Hush, AviU- youl Tlicre's nothing to proyeiit. ' Pro mado up my mind. And therefs tlio bb'dy— a Bplondid case. You noticed; lus. -dress, did. you 'riot I" . . . \- "No," . '.'Army — major's oiilfit, I think. Ho's a foreigner ; I nolicod Ills accent last niglit. - lid won ihy monoy liko tho dovil. How ho lmppbncd lo bo -in this huuso is tho mystery.": " What killed liim'" " Late hours and liquor, perhaps, Pos: Bibly hg took a quiot.doso of somoiiiin'g to got himself out of, . tlio liaiuli of the law, IIo was a despcratp lou.kingifvllow when there was lifo iii his fime." '- Oh. Wi-storl'v. wlicro havo rou-lnarned about tiioso things ? - You liavo changed so inuoli in a year f' .- . " Go to bed; Em ; dbu't-proholi T ' " What nro you going to dp?" " Iain going up- stnirs' ngiiiti." . " Westerly, I pruy you do nothing avith thnt mnii'a body td'iiight.". i . , " I'll do «:hnt I plcaso, Bin. ' You had better go lo bell."; , . " " But, -Westerly, tho danger of—1 . '.'I- will nianngu' my nflairs. Go to bed.."-: ' f Ho took 'another light nnd wont to his room. His sistor know.that hc had gouo for his siifgienl ease. -Trumbliiig with cold and uxcitomontr and trying vainly to collect hor faculties that sho nuglib think caliiily,:.slio. retreated to hor room, anil lay down; half Bick with the; workings of fun'r and anxiety. Sho.hoard lier brothcrgo up. stairs;, The thought of his', work mado lier faint;'.', Slio prayed that something might happon to provont. Juat.thcn alio hoard him returning. " Westerly !" sho .called. IIo cauio to tho door. "Listen to mo a moment, Westerly. Sunnoso tli ret mail should bo tracked hero, and found mutilated, wlint is to save you from tlio acouBation of mur- dor ?'' " No fear of that. Tlio family burying ground of the Meadows will linvo ono more occupant before morning. I shall- havo quito dono ivith him in nil hour," " Oh, Westerloy, you don't ronliso Avhat a dospurato thing you nro cloingl" ' "Don't I? A hundred pounds is worth -a littlo dosporation.; Go to sloop. Bis." Ho shut tho door arid wont up-stnirs, Emma buried hoi faco in tlio -pilluw, and wopt ill an agony of despair. Nut ouly wu'i her brothor'o work revolting .'to lier, but a|io realised how iniminorit ims tho jiorih t Westerly sqeined determined to bring eortuin deatruetiuif upon thorn.': But suddonly, alio- hoard- i liim como lcapiiig dowir tho staiffl. ' Ho burst into lior room. j . : " IIo lias gono 1" -. ': a " Gono?" - "Yes. I .beiliovo ho was the, dovil, IIoav could he tako hiuisolt olf wlien lio was eleael " And Westerly Laniar, a moment, boforo so eoui, loaned against .Iho door, and Avipodtho pcrspirutiun ofcxeitiinitwfrohl Ilia forolioad. . /. " How did ho go, Westerly 1" ' " I dou t know. 1 mqtlo:a sliglit out m tlio breast, and thon camo down for iny other - instruments.. When I wont- buolt ho was gono." ' " Were the windows and doors open?" "Tho door .was ajar just as l luft it. Tho windows wore shut." " Wosterly, I urn so glael !"' "Of what?" , "That you did liiin no harm." " Fool 1" cxcliiiined Wcstorly in n attd- don viigo. " Whut liarai could I posBibly do tho man if ho wore dead V" " But ho wasn't doail." " ' " 1 tell you ho Avns ns dead as a poat l" Wcstorly went back, to. tlio sitting- room. . ' It avub nearly daybreak, and ho mndo a firo. lie sat-ovor it moodily whon Euima camo out. Then ho roso suddenly, and wont up-stairs. In a few mqmonta ho camo down Avith something iu hisliaiid. ' l. " What is that, Westerly.?" y Nothing but that glovo," lio. said, ns ho' tossed it downl But I put that glovo nway. This must bo the mate," .' It was ao. Tlio buttons. boro tho snmo initials. Emma took thoin in charge as a clu'o to tho Btrangs cpisodo -of iho niglit. - That day it uaa decided tli t thoy should lcavo tlio house. ' It'boro a'horror to Eaima Lamnr j mid; sirico lior' plaii in coniiug thoro was nut likely to prove one- cessful, it wn3 not worthAvliilo to. remain in so disngceenblo a piacb, ' Thoy-would go back to tho liitlo cotthgo thoy .'.liatl rented for tho Inst tlirco years, nnd live ns best they might. At least she would be near to neighbors thoro when left ulorio at night. Siio had novor boforo in her lifc-becri so unhappy, and sho could not keop back lior tears ns sin prepared for tlioir re moval. Beside lior dkappuintinent and sorrow, sho was Avoariod nnd nervous from tho ofiects of tho night's excitoinont, and at last, duriiig hor brothor's nbsonco, sho flung herself down upon hor hod and cried liko a child. Tlio poor uirl folt tired bo- youd her strength. At twilight sho nroso and wont into tho gardon, hoping that lior aching head Avould ho roliovcd by tho'clcnr, frosty air. Besides sho could not but acknowledge to liersolf it disliko to stay in tho houso alono. Wosterly had promised ro return nt six o'clock, nnd sho stood on tho liill watching tho road, when sho snw n dark spot upon tho gravol walk nt lior feet. A second glanco assured lier that it was blood, aud hor heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in n kind of fascination at tho ground, alio saw aiuithoraud another dull red spot,' and still drops bcyonel. Step ping forward sho followed tho marks to a littlo suramcr-houso in an oak coppice, nnd thoro upon tho sent lay cxtendod tho figure of n man. (Concluded iu our nacl.) 