COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. By Old Boy. Friday, November 8, saw the first of the series of public school annual sports meetings for 1839. Geelong Grammar School hare opened the ball, and we shall soon have Wesley and Scotch Colleges and the Melbourne Grammar School holding theirs. The Corio ground is always a pretty one, but on Friday it looked more charming than usual. A large assem blage, among whom were numbers of ladies, wit nessed and took great interest in the proceedings. The hero of the day was T. Parkin, who was success ful in no less than six events, which were of a most varied nature, including as they did putting the weight, 1G0 yards, high Jump, quarter mile, vaulting, and hurdle race. Some weeks back I gave a list of English school records; on looking at these now I find that none of them have been I eaten, but Parkin went very dose to some. In the 100 yards the Eng lish boy did it in lO^sec., white Parkin did the dis tanoe in 10 4-5sec. In the 410 yards race Parkin was also only 2-Ssec. behind the English boy. The hurdle race was very riow, 21eec. being oocupied in doing the 120 yards. Next to Parkin oomes Uillet, with one first and five seconds, Parkin on each occasion being first. Officer and Parsons were also fairly suc oesriul, the former winning the long jump with a leap of 18ft 6in. and the maiden race, 150 yards. Parsons won the steeplechase of 460 yards off the five yards mask, and was slao placed equentiy. Of the Junior Grammar School races the principal winners were Austin, Pardv, and Josephs. The old boys' races resulted in a tie, Howarth and White each gaining sis points; in the run-off the former won. As 1 have said above, Parkin is the champion run ner of Geelong G.S. He is also captain of their boats and of the football team. Besides this he is a fair winner, incse tacts Deing considered, I think everyone will be with me when I say that I consider Parkin the best all-round man in the publio schools. At football and rowing be is " facile princepe"—in fact, be is one of tbe best players that bae ever been In a school twenty. As for his rowing, tbe light- blues have seldom had a more sterling bard v.o-ker. He bowls a fair bell at criokct. and can also bat. Then, again, his performance of Friday last stamps him as a first-class school runner. Tbus I think he is " first among public school boys for 1889," and next to him I wouid place 8. Don&boo;, of Wesley College, who is the best W in tbe schools, and is also a fast runner, a good footballer, and a very fair oar. Besides being an excellent player, Parkin also makes a good cap tain, and by bis ooolness and good temper has been the favourite of friend aDd foe alike.. 1 hope tbat we may in the future eee many more all-round athletes like tbe genial Tom Parkin of G.G.S. All Saints' Grammar Bobool, St. Kilds, held tbeir Mutual sports on the 8t Kllda ground at tbe same Kate as Q.G.B. were enjoying the owl breeaee on the Corlo. The principal winner was H. Trethowan, who won the heaa master's cup, five firsts and three se conds falling to his tot. Mis kick of the football, 62yds. Sit tin., is a remarkably good one. His other wins were in the 100 yards, long jump, hurdle raoe, [ and 2'20 vards. The under 16 cup was carried off by A. J. Webster, and that for boys under 14 by James I Paternoster. Both these cups were given by Mrs. Guff. J. liichardBOn won the old boys' cup, A. Smith being second. Kew High School chose the East Melbourne ground for their sports, which took place on November 7. The champion athlete of the school 1b T. Q. B. Young, who beat H. Hood by a few points. Unlike the winners at A11 Saints' and G.G.S., Young was not so easily first, as the prises wee well distributed. The champion won the two hurdle races and kicking the football (66 yds) He was also second In two other races, besides two or three thirds. Hood won the quarter mile and the three hundred yards (open), and was second twice. G. Hampden won the High Jump, clearing 6ft.. 2in. The Old Scholars' Race was won by D. Mackinnon, who has been successful before ; W. Turner was second. Dr. H. Fmbling and Mr. Nankivell (old boys) were starter and judge respectively. Queen's College have also held their annual sports, the St. Hilda ground being the scene of action. The School Cup was won by E. W. Mitchell, who scored 22 points, his wins being kicking the football (61 yds. 3in ), putting the weight (26ft Tin.), 100 yds. open, high jump, 440 yds open. The second was W. P. Smith with 14 points, who won the long jump and I the hurdle race, besides running several second-; J. Stewart won the " Old Boys'" Cup with 16 points, P. Flint with 6 points heing runner-up. Forbes won the 440and SOOyds handicap, and was second to l'yrne ' in the 300 yds. The sack race was most amusing, owing to the contest lying between three brothers— the Newells—the youngest being successful. The Egg and Spoon Pace al=o caused great fun. The judges, his Ronour Judge Cope, Colonel Le Mar chand, Messrs. Weston and Guthrie, and the princi pal, perfotmcd their duties satisfactorily, as did the starter, Mr. A. lleyer. On Prince of Wales's Birthdav an eleven of M.C.C. tried conclusions with Scotoh College on the Civil Service ground. The college went to the wickets first, and notwithstanding the good bowling of Pcarce, Propsting. and Gibbins, the score reached 121 before the last wicket (ell. Musgrove played neatly and well for 27, D. M'Leod (23) and Greene (23) being the other double figures. It will be noticed that these three made more than half the score between them. On M.C.C. going in to bat they made 44 tor the loss of 6 wickets. Musgrove, for the college, secured 4 wickets for 17 runs. _ The Carlton cricket-ground was the scene, oh Thursday, November 7, of the first match for this season between King's College and Kew High School (first elevens). The game resulted in a win for the former, who scored 101 to the 77 made by their op ponents. D. Johnson 31 (not out), Gddv 25, G'ass cock 10. all batted well for King's College. For the losers the principal scorers were—G. liamsden 22, Hood 16, and Hay 10. The bowling of King's College was vcr.v good. James securing 4 wickets for 19 runs, while Eddy got 6 for 36. The second elevens of these schools also met. when King's were again successful, scoring 84 to 67 raised bv the Kewites. For the winners Brockwell batted nicely for 35, and was well hacked up by Kabat 17 and Freeman 14. For the losers fleid and Faireloiigh, with 15 eaoh, did most for their side. In bowling Brockwell (K.C ) took 6 wickets for 24. The only win obtained hy Kew was in the third-eleven match, when they scored 66, to which their opponents replied with only 31. The University first eleven still continue the even tenour of their way. and look very much as if Carlton were to be treated in the same way as Fiteroy. The Carltonites went first to the wickets on Saturday, November 2, and owing to the good bowling of M'Lcan (6 for 40) and Browne (3 for 29), were all dis posed of for 82 runs. The 'Varsity sent in Goldsmith and Gordon, the former being bowled by Richards for 13. while Gordon was run out when he had reached 23. Roberts played an csceedinglv nice and pretty innings for 47, and looked like -laying there, when Richards got one past him, and just prevented hira getting the half century. Quirk and Ncsbitt also made some runs very' nicely. Francis made 24 in neat style, aud Brookes by hard hitting soon had 36 to his credit. The only other double was M'kean, who got 10 (not out), the innings closing for 301. In the second innings Carlton made 211, thus leaving the 'Varsity 93 to get to win. They will attempt to reach this score to-day, and with fine weather should do so easily. He was a schoolboy coin? away for his holidays, and was very anxious that his portmanteau Bhould be placed in the van of the train br which he was travelling. To make sure that his "goods and chattels'' should not be left behind, he asked aportnr to look after his belongings for him. The official went away, and passing the carriage-window several times, the bov on each occasion said to bim—" Please put my trunk into the van." This was more than the worthy porter could stand, so, turning round angrily, he said—'' Begorrah. if you were an elephant instead of an ass you would hare your trunk in the carriage wid yes/' The boy was so aba<h' d that he deter mined to let the portmanteau take its chance. A schoolboy's life is generally a happy one. Be hss only one thing to trouble him, namely, his lessen'. Most boys do not regard this as a very great burden, as it all comes in the day's round. They either do or do not their home lessons as it i-uits tbcm, and in the case of not knowing them next day, hope to start again with a clean sheet, the bad marks being rubbed off by means of a cane. Austra'ian boys do not generally care who p.ys the fees, as long as they get their sports and fun out of their school-time. But at borne it would 6eem that the boys, and girls also, have taken the matter into their own hands, lhe following is the document sent by the schoolboy-strikers to the London School Board: — "Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,—A meeting of schoolboys in Kensing ton and Lambeth met at the Albert Embank ment to-day. Unless their demands are granted they will keep away frcm school. Free education, one free meal a day, no borne lessons, no punishment by caning. The toys and girls * 111 meet in the same place later on, and parade the streets, and extend it to the whole of London ; a speedy answer will oblige." Another resolution passed was " only four hours school a day, fewer home lessons; fee to he Id. per week in stead of <d. and61, all books tobe found." The boys are therefore determined to take tbe matter into their own hands, and to strike if their demands are not acceded to. The Australian youth are suipos-dto to precocious, but I think lor precocity this strike takes pride of place. Intimidation, picketing, and collecting money; are all carried on under the example of their elders, and the strike is conducted in a systematio manner. We hare heard of a novel "Tbe Revolt of Man." where w omen are the ruling body, and tbe men revolt against them. But what would it be if the children were to become rulers and their I elders were to be subservient to them. I do not think our schoolboys are hardly treated, but it ia to be hoped that if any grievances ever do crop np here the Melbourne youth will not be found meeting at Burke and Wills's monument, but that they will orderly and quietly present their complaints to tbe proper source. In the N.S.W. tennis team which has been p'aying in Victoria this week is a boy attending Sydney Grammar School. Huntley, tbe player referred to, is an excellent exponent ot the game,and is for a school boy a remarkable player. I am informed by the bon. secretary that the first annual sports in connection with Hoiy Ghost College, Baliarat, were held on Monday,Bov. 11, on the Eastern Oval. Tbe weather was fine, and tbe attendance fair. The principal race was the College Handicap, for which A. Cameron was a strong favourite, he having won the fifth hoat and first round of this ■ race, but in the final he got away to a very poor Start, and notwithstanding a great effort to overhaul Noonan, who was on the 6 yds mark, he bad to rest content with second place ; Noonan, the winner, was loudly cheered. The steeplechase was won by W. Dowling in very fine style, with Noonan a good second. The 300 yds handicap and *40 yds handicap were both won by A. Cameron. In the latter raoe be was closely pushed by IV. Mattery. The hurdle race was won by H. M'Donough, and tbe mile race by T. Barry. This was tbe first sports gathering since the school was opened at the beginning of tbe year. 