1tOMAN fJATIIOrr,IR ''TREAT-. (nY ELECThIC TELE0RA0 The annual spiritua l Sete it oftheeclergy incnea tonat it reer e e s CatholicChurch of ~1carea loesith'to took place this morn a set.o Cathedral, when there as a er attendance. orwoa eyl At 7.45 the clerge rceedi r lion from the gyhiso' proeeded eap cathedral, singing the prescribedcoto for the 'synodical initiationh ed arrived within the synodal trane clergy, of whom there were a lar age, representing several dioceses took respective places coring to seio Ras Grace Archbishop Marplhy yrnoi to the throne, where he was vestedrIn I pontificals. He then walked to the toot the sitar and celebrated the lIta Holy Ghost, the fes e ass a in attendance on the Archbisleop e Beechinor was assistant priest, anD an amice lace girdle and costly r 1we The deacons of the as were thee "Noone, of Latrobe, ame xee. the of Franklin, who wedr.e si R0l va hot instead of coats wore riailayise The first and second mastees of cereBo00 were Fatheres fennebry ralnd ti Thomass proceeded i usual way, after wheich ioly Coen~ was administered to the whole cergyI A then ofthe mass his 0s addressed a Latin discourse to the sembled fathers on the nature of theel which brought them togethere address was pertinent of their ecclesia duties, and also matters intimately nectedwith ties proper goveranental fit flocks. He palated ant the zeal aet genes which they should use, all of t would tend to their salvation and ths vation of the souls entrusted to thema said they were only following the reek of the early Church in holding theira655 nowadays where it was possible for ih clergy to meet their chief pastor. At the conclusion of the discournes secretary of the Synod, Rev, U: Beechinor, of Richmond, proceeded to t pulpit and read the derees ilEoi which were enacted at the national Syn of Sydney upwards of twoayears ago. After this local or diocesan enacmel were also read, some of which had reference to the question of prim intermediate, and university education, well as the education and training of future clergy in house and ecelesiee seminaries and colleges. At this juncture, Dean Beeebiaoreal on the reverend prelate to make profelm of faith, to which his Grace replied, "I fiere decernius et eaidaeeus." At the e of the profession of faith, his 5 kneeling, recited the remainingwordasi his hanoe upon the Holy Gospels, adth reverently kissed them, the clergy doing similar office. The secretary then resd decree regarding the Synodical esaeni and mentioned the faithfulness with whi they were to perform their duties examining fit candidates fore pa honours. The candidates were the le Hennebry, H. J. Beechinor, and T.5It who were elected by the Archbishop clergy for twelve months, their appo meat being confirmed. His Grace then intoned the Te Die at the end of which appropriate respo were given by the clergy. All thena eIn Nomaie jChristi," and the proc re-formed and marched back to Sacristy. The service was a most impressive and passed ofa without a hitch. 