TALE; HI — ?' Two Newspaper K Paragraphs. ^K Thursday, April 8, 188— . ^K I, Fierce Cormao, have no groat story to ^B teU, and I don't know what impulse it is that K is driving mo this dull, rainy morning to sot ^B down tho events of tho last few weoks. But H! to a man to whom fiuch a thing has happened Hi as hns happened to mo tho future may havo Hf interost enough to warrant tho telling of all H| that is in any way concerned with what may HI bo before mo. God knows I shall bo glad HJ enough if some day, in two or threo years Hi maybo,' I can put this paper in tho firo and Hf say to myself, ' It was nothing, after all — HJ a false alarm.' Hf I am now writing in a smnll room high up H in a hotel in tho Kuo des Saints Peres, Paris; HJ but until a f ow weoks ago I lived a very quiet ?I- life'in the heart of tho county Clare. I was K my father's Beoond son and at the timo of ray B| elder and ? only brother's death, I was being HI educated in Paris with a view to bo H{ coming a priest. I was fifteen years old when Hi I first wont to Paris, knowing nothing but Hi what tho nationnl schoolmaster had toilfully Hj;: taught me, and, except in tho matter of tho HE French language, I hud not added much to my Ht small stock of learning when,' two years later, HE pooir Redmond died, and my father, who was HE » widower, 'sent for mo to come homo. ^B He took away my hand from the plough, HE saying the priesthood was a good trade for Hf second sons, but wns not n't business for tho Hff heir. He sent mo to college, and .1 spent four Hf. years in Dublin, whero I learned to speak in Ht a brogue — haying almost forgotten my native HE inflection during my schooling in Franco — H£ and acquired a smattering of the law, and HE generally iitted myself to tako my seat on tho Hf: bench of magistrates when I finally came Wt homo for good. HJ Soon afterward my father died ; and, thero Ht being no apparent reason why I should do Hf otherwise, 1 went on living at Oarrig Frass, Hf with little to interest mo beyond my horses HE and my shooting, and nothing to do but look HJ. after my small property, which at best Hf brought mo in about fivo or six hundred a Hi voar. H One day— it was my birthday, tho 13th of ? last month, March— I rode over to Bludth. H Bludth is a hamlet, about fourteen Irish miles Hj off, and it is as forsaken a plaoo as you nould H ever see. The only decent building in it is B tho police barraoks — a tall, white-washed box B of a place, with triangular iron blinds to tho B windows, like tho vizors which you see on old B helmets. Thero are a couple of public-houses B and the rest of ' the street,' as they call it, is H composed of wretched little thatohed cottages, B of ?which, for the most part, I havo the honour B of being the proprietor. B. My business was to collect ront, and bad B ai'tho times are, I got the greater part of the B tew pounds whioh I was ower. At ono house B only, tho last in tho row, which had strag B gled a little apart from the others was my B* ? rent refused to me. K Thi man who occupied it was an illcondi B tioned.blackfpard, who -was \moro- than sus B pected of being an agent in the moonlight B outrages that havo disgracod this. county. I B had stopped at his houso in coming and left B word with his wife that this was his last B chanco, and that I would ' havo tho law on B him' if ho did not pay up. Now, as I rodo E on I whistlod to Shaun, my little yellow Irish B terrier, to follow mo without further delay B Ho had fallen somo distancs behind, nosing B about at the sido of the road, and as he passed B Herlihy's cabin a largo dog jumped over the B wall of tho potato garden, and knocking him M over, began to worry him. I jumped of and B left tho more standing in tho middle of tho B road whilo I did- my best to Boparato tho ? dogs. At last, by dint of laying into tho B aggressor— a big gray brindled our that had B often before attacked me— with, my crop, I B made him looso his hold of Shaun's throat, B and with a kick that must have tosted the stuff B his ribs wero made of, I sent him over tho ? wall. B Shaun was hut little worso for the enooun B ter ; my own hand had got a good; deal torn ? by either his or tho gray dog's tooth, but it ? -was nothing to signify, and 1 soon tied it up B with my pockot-Jinndkerohief. Tho mare B was rooting with her noso in the mud on tho I top of tho fence and lot mo catch her without ? trouble, and I started again. K It was past G o'clock, an angry-looking, I stormy afternoon. I was riding up a valley I through the hills to tho west, in the teeth of ? the wind which was blowing big brown ? clouds over tho high ridgo of tho mountains I, through tho gap in which tho sun had gone I down. A desolate little lake, half-smothered f by rushes, fills up tho lowor end of the valley f through whioh my road went. It was black B with-'the- small- wavos 'that tho wind' had I whipped all over it, and tho nearer hills hid ft it from tho yellow light that was Btill flow I ing in a long stream ovor tho shoulder of tho | Forna. ' Tho narrow bohireon on which I [I was travelling was squeezed uloso in botwoeu I the lako — Lough Clure, its name iB— nnd the I stoop, up-springing sides of afurzy hill that I roso nearly sheer out of tho water. Iromoai | her tho thought striking mo that this was just i the sort of timo ono might expect to meet tho I Black Hound that tho country pooplo say I lives'in'I/ough Cluro. Tlioy^aa.vhocoraos tip I now and then, dark and dripping out of tho i. water, and on whoever ho lays hia paw thero I comes a black sickness liko tho plague, and jf. no' ono has ovor recovered from it, But one \ cannot beliove all thoir storios. I A little boy riding on a donkey mot mo ; a ? gray ghost of n donkey, and a littlo boy who ! looked in tho twilight ns ghostly as liis jaoh aai . Ho bobbed Jus Iieau to me as ho passed, but I did not tako any notico of him. T was jogging stomlily on, with tlio rout, which had been paid mo in very small, coin, olinking ia my poeketa. My thoughts wero back in Paris. This was a good-for-nothing, colour less lifolwasliving— no profession, no hopes, no future. I wish thero had never boon any idea of making a priest of mo. It was an un lucky thing, somehow, I had gono back of a stoboIvo' of that kind. I could not shako off a euperititiouH feeling that doing so had fcrought /;omo blight ovor my life, ' My God .' Look at that littlo dog I' This from tho donkey-boy whom I had just passed blended with u ynll from a dog. I looked round; the boy was off his donkey stooping over something in tho road. I rodo' quickly back to whero ho was htnndhig, and thero saw Shaun -struggling in tho dust, half of his head lnid open by a blow from a largo stone thatluy on the road by him. : 'Twns Dan Herlihy thrun it,' tho don- j key-boy said, excitedly. ' I seen him run - north over tho hill, through: tho furze.' j I got off my horso again, but this timo I i could do littlo for poor SliHiiu.' Ono of his eyes was knocked uloun away — I would mther ho had been killed by tlio dog. I lifted him up and took him homo in my arms, and tho next morning, with a sorry hoart, I put a bullet through his head. Poor little Shaiiu! I wondor if it will over como to that with mo ? I had no proofs against Horliliy. All I could do was to dotermino to got tho last penny of his ront out of him, nnd, if ever tho chanco camo in my way, to show him as littlo mercy ns ho had shown Shiiun. ..The ohanco has not como yet ; but if I pull through this thing that is on* mo now, pleuso God I will pay Shaiiu's di*bt nnd a littlo trifle I owo Dun Herlihy on my own account, honestly and with interest. . However, at time there was nothing for mo to do but sit still, and it was just thro o weeks later that I was told ono morning that a1 woman was at tho door wanting to bpenk to mo. It was Herlihy's wifo, a gaunt, care worn looking creature, who kept her head covered up in tlio hood of her cloak and spoke in a hoarao, frightened voice. 'Sir, j'our honour,'. she began, 'nivorBay tho word to Dan that I como hore. Sure I'd have como beforo, but I would'nt b3 lot bv him.1 She paused and then wont ou hur riedly : ' ' Thero was a peraoii said yon were bit by our dog thut time you rodo into Bludth yistorday threo weoks. Your honour, sir,' bIio said, coming a stop nearer, ' whatever way tho dog was that day, the day nfthor ho was runnin' mad through tho counthry, and tho polis couldn't kill him till ho had three of Mahony's cows bitten, and himself half dead with tho boys hunting him.' ' How do you know ho was mad ?' ' 'Ere yistherday was tho twonty-first day with tho cows, and wan of thim's dead al ready.' 1 'Who was tho person said I wa3 bitten ?' Sha began to ory: 'Ob, that I'd have it to say of my own husband! Dan seen it, vour honour! He was inticlo in tho houso, and ho seen you ty ing up your hand, and ho never lot on a word till after tho caw's dying, uu' thin lie says, 1 Theres'll bo more thut way !' says h«.' ' Why sop' says I, and ho says ? ' I out hor story short. My temper is none of the bojt, and tho less I heard about Dun Herliliy tho better. 'lam obliged to you for your trouble, ' I said, for after nil sho had como a long way to tell mo of what she believed to bo my danger. ' Hero is something for you, nnd go around to tho cook and got somo dinner. And then you may go homo and toll your blackguard of a husband tint I am quito well and mean to keup so, and that ho'll hear raoro of mo boforo ho's dono with me.' With that- 1 put a couplo of shillings in her hand and turned my back upon her. She took tho monoy as if she only half liked doing so, and wont slowly ou round tho houso to tho yard, whilo I Btood on my hull doorstops and began to think over -what slio had just told mo. My house is built hiijh up on a hillside and thoro is a flno viow from tho front of it. You look straight out over rough, tumbliug hills to tho sea, and tho Shannon lies to tho south, cutting tho country in two like tho bright blade of a knife. Thore was hardly a touch of white in the blue sky that April morning. Very high up thero was a lark singing ; in tho lower lovels of tho air plover wero wheeling nnd whistling ; tho wind brought tho soft spring musio of tho bloat ing of lambs to me in' purring waves of sound. It shook tho fu.ichsia hedge that was sprout ing at tho foot of tho gardonond brought the crisp sheaths of the elm-treo buds fluttering down onto tho ground. I suppose I noticed theso things then, or I should not bo able to feel thorn so dearly now — but I do not remember doing so. I stared at tho purplo mark on my right hand whero tho wound made by tho dog's teoth had been. It was too late now for any of the ordinary rough-and-ready euros; and tho probability seemed to bo that as I had kept well up ? to this, nothing was going to happen to mo and I need tako no precautionary measures. Indeed, only for tho nows I don' t bolievo I would havo thought twice about it, but thoir dying certainly gave mo a bit of a shako ; and tho talk I had with tho dispon sary doctor not long ngo about this II. Pas teur's euro for hydrophobia roourred to mo (though, to tell tho truth, littlo Considbio said ho had not such groat opinion of it) and I had been feeling unsettled and restless for somo timo ; in laot, ?piitling* ono thing mid another togothor, I thoucrht tho best thing I could do was to start off for Paris as soon as I could. I do not moan to pretend that I had or have much faith in this Rystcm of Pasteur's. I had heard only very littlo of it from Dr. Con sidine, and had read about as much in tho nowspapers, nnd I think I am not disposed to believe now things very readily. I am a bit of a fatalist, and don't hold much with doctors. If you live for seven or eight years in ono of the remotest parts of Ireland, your intellectual part gots very sodden. Tho dootors and tho priests do thoir bost — first tho one and then tho othor ; but here abouts I think of tho ' monntninymon,' who see littlo of either, get on just as woll as tho rest. However, all this is neither hero nor thero — as they s;iy — and to ootno back to where I started from, whothor I boliovo in Pasteur or no, it was well worth taking tho off clianoo- of following his treatment, when it involved gotting away from Currig Frass. Even it' I wore going to die in a week, I would bo glad to to live that last week iu Paris. Thoro was a littlo hotel toward tho lowor end of Kuo dos Saints I'tros that I knew very well. My only friend in Paris, outsido tho wailo of tho seminary, had livod thero. Ho was an American art student, a distant connection of mine through somo long-since emigrated rolativo, and my raro holidays had nlways been spent with him. It did not look tho snino jilnco to me yes terday nftornoon, whon I arrived cold and tired after my long journey. Thero is a now proprietor, and tho houso is all olinngo 1 ; tho big pots wiih prickly shrubs in them no longer block up tho doorway, and I missed old ifoutor, the big dog who uued to sprawl across the narrow hall. I looked idly down tho list with tho nninos of tho inmates, whioh hunjf, each namo n-'ainst it..i rnsnpnf.ipn lrmr in tho bureau, wit.li nu illogical hope that after eight yours ' Wilbur G. 'Collins ' migh t still, bo found opposite key No. ijli, mi cin quiimc ; but tho namo ,so outlandish that I remember it still—' JMenka Vorsohiilr'— was what I saw. I don't oven know if it is a man's or a woman's. It was n dark gloomy ovoninir. The rain and wind that had beaten against tho w'iu dows of Carrig Frags nil that long night— the night beforo my ntnrt— tho night after Bridgot Herlihy hud told mo the' dog was mad— hud faithfully followed mo, Tlio miu ana mar. noroo west wind had travolled ox preso across Kngluud and Franco us woll as I mid wero Koomingly ;is undofcatod heroin Paris as thoy had boon at homo. I was very tired nnd I wont to bod early, but I could not sloop for a long time. Most of tho old hotels on thn further sido of tho Seine lnivo us mauy rooms as a bethivo lias colls, and tho thinness of tho partition walls in' the h'jtol Saint Iloch spared mo nono of tho pounding of piunos, fho tramping to nnd fro, and tho noisy good-nights whioh wont on till past twolyo. Pioroing through theso rougher sounds. I had heard thoToiooofa violin : imd :w they ono by ono fell fnto si lcnco, the violin notes grew louder and stronger. It wan a wild, miserable sort of music, tho like of whioh I had never heard beforo. It kept mo iiwnko for a long timo, and when I got to sleep at lnst I beliove it mixed semi'; way with my- dreams. I thought that I was back in Carrig Frass nnd that tbero wero dogs howling round tho house. Thou tbo howling died into a long ory like us if some ono being killed. Butwhnt over was happening I could not move to givo any helj). I was dead, paralyzed, nil but my bitten right hand, which kept clutohing at my throne as if it tvero pocressed, and ?wanted to tear it out of mo. My father used to toll mo I was no better than an old woman for bolioving iu dreams ; nnd though thero Was navor any ono loss superstitious than I am, I don't like a bud dream any more than another man. Anyhow, when I uwoke, two or threo hours ago, I felt anything but refreshed. It is a dim, wet morning, and while the fnint noises of the street havo with tho strengthening light slowly crept into my room, I have occu pied my self by writing this roujjh account of how I liuvo ccmo horo, and I will continuo to do tho siime so long as anything happens that seems to mo worth tho trouble of writing out. Arr.it. 10th. 'Well, I havo boon to M. Pasteur, and he and the rest havo shaken their heads over mo, and said I havo come too lato; and that it is a bad cut-o. I would like to know what reason they havo for saying that. I onnnot even bo sure if it was Shaun or tho inad dog that bit me, and, unyhow, I came as soon as I could. Thoy tell nio I must go to them twice, mornings and ovpuings, but I will not. If thoy cannot get enough poieoit into mo once in a d:ty they will havo to be content to lot mo bo a decimal ou tlio wrong sido of thoir average of cures. ])r. Consitlino told mo it wins only onco a day thoy injected tho stuff — 'and -quito ofton enough, too,' ho said, and ho is a smart littlo maniiud knows what ho it) talking about. I am not going to have anj'thing to say to their 'intensive treatment,' and so I told them — I moro than half think I was a fool for coming nt all. Paris is not whut I remember it, and I am vory lonesome hero with no ono to speak to. Yostordny morning was my first visit to 51\. Pasteur's, mid I went[thero again to-day. It is a curious plnoo, and' they aro a funny orow of peoplo that you see .thoro, from every nation on tho earth, all waiting to havo -what you would think was -worse than death 'put into their veins for the saito of gotting lifo out of it. I could .not help wondering for how many of them the bargain would turn out successfully. Thero wns u staingo-looking girl got into tho same tram as I did whon I was leaving tho Pantheon yestorduy. Sho had mores Bolt, grayish -yellow hair than sho know what to do with. It was wound in big wisps ovor hor head like ropes of hay — 'soogawns' wo call them at home — and her eyes looked like wells of somo palo ycllow-grcen oil. I could not got her fuco out of my mind last night, whilo that fellow kept mo awake with his fiddling. I wished ho was dead, with his dirges. This morning I mot thatgii-1 agrain. This timo I was in tho Rue d'Ulm, just leaving the Euolo Normalo after ray daily dose of poison. She looked very hard at mo. I won der if sho recognized my white face nnd foxy liitir itguin. April 12th. I novor used to bs much of a ouo to keep a diary, but now, it seems, I havo taken a now turn. Perhaps it is what tho old -women call the ehango beforo death (though I don't bo lievol'm going to dio at all). Tho night bo foro lust— just after I hadmudotho lust catty — the fiddling began ngnin, worso than ovor screaming and crying liko some crenturo in mortal pain. I was cross and tired, and I could not stand it. I rang for the gu)\a» in vain, and finally I loft my room, and making my way up the steep stairs to the next ctai/e, I 'mocked at tho door of tho musician. An inner door opened and Bhut, nnd thon tho door 1 was at opened a very littlo. ' I ask pardon, monsieur,' I began, 'but I am an invalid, and your violin provents mo from sleeping.' Tho door was oponoil more widely, 'and I heard an exclamation in a woman's voice. Tho gas in tho passage had been put out, and tho lamp iu tho room behind hor did not givo much light, but with ovon loss I should still havo rcoogziiztd the girl with tlio yellow hair 'I regrot that I have disturbed you, mon Biour,' she said in French, with a certain soft foreign accent that puzzled mo as to her nationality. ? I nm also an invalid ' — sho laughed a littlo — ' but -with mo it is different — my violin holps mo to sloop.' Sho turned and spoke to somo r'o in the inner room in a lanpuiigo whioh I Imd never heard V *-??-. An oldish woman cauio for ward wiiu uiu jump in her hand. ' Budo, hold the light thut monsieur may descend tiicso clini'iniug stairs m safety, said tho girl in French ; ' bmi soir, monsieur.' Sho went into tho inner room, flamming tho door behind hor, and tho servant stood with tho lamp outsido at tho head of tho stairs until I had turned down tho corridor to my own room. What fjho had meant by saying that infer nal fiddliug sent her to sleep, I could not imagine lliko music well enough nt a proper timo, nnd ns fur as I could judge, kIio plnyed remarkably well ; but at 1 o'clock iu tho morning to bo kept uwnko by scroanis and lamentations like tin old woman keening at a funeral was moro than I could stand. And why had sho laughed ? Altogether she wns a curious girl, and I wondered if I should meet her ngain out of doors next morn ing. I looked out for hor in the Eue d'Ulm and at tho omnibus bureau outsido tlio Punthcon, whero I had seen her boforo. I thought it likely that sho was taking lessons iu musio, or tho liko, from somo of tho many toaohors who live thereabouts. But I did uint see her. I strolled on down tho Rue du Pantheon, feeling vory low in my mind. The dootors had boon abusing mo for not coming to them beforo, if they oanuot euro mo with ono dos ing per diem they will havo to do without. However, I beliovo I am ns well as ovor I wns jait wns only tho midden ehango from cold to hot spring weather that mado rno feel depressed nnd sick. I looked iii nt tho shop window as I passed, and dull they woro, too. They nro moBtly all bookshops in tbo Ruo du Pantheon, and although to speolc French is ns onsy to mo ns to speak EDglish, I do not caro much about French literaturo ; certainly not technical modioal works, miiiIi us filled ouo window at whioh I had stopped. A young girl was standing at it, apparently trying to read a pumplilot that wiih lying opon inside Sho turned round with a start, aa I stood still bo hind her, and I saw it wns tho fair-haired violinist. ' Good morning, madomoisllo,' I said, tuk iiiur off mv hat (boinar i'phoIvpcI unf in Inf: slin this opportunity of speaking to her) ; 'I trust tlio cessation of tho music lust night did not not keep you uwukc? It had tlio conitraiy effect upon me.' She lifted tho palo-yollow lashes that half concealed hor oyes. ' No, monsieur; tho charm had worked ; I slopt well.' I woudoreil in my own mind what sho mount by this, but I did not liko lo ask it. Sho had turned to study tho pamphlet ngain ; I saw it was one by :i colebrdtoii Fnuioli doctor on 'I/a Kngo,' and I folt, naturally, a sort of personal curiosity as to why slio was reading it* ' iradomoiflello is interested in that subjootf I began ugnin. Sho turned upon mo with n, kind of definono. 'And why should I not bo?' nho replied n littlo oxftltcdl.v, iiiittlioro.was it hunted friifhfc onod look in hor faoo. ' Is not ovory ono tnllc lnjr of hi rni/o now? You — you yoursolf seoin to bo intoroated in this illuoss, or oluo why do you go daily to M Paatour's P' Sho said this still .with a gay .maniior, but lio watohod olosely for my answor. i ' I inn one of his patients, mademoilselle,' I answered. All tho laughter loft her face Sho got very white. ' And so am I also,' sho said slowly, ns if tho words wero forced out of her, her big eyes wide open,- und looking as if a light had sud denly gono out behind them ns sho stared into my face. Apbil 17th. The moro I seo of hor, tho moro sho por wloxos mo, and the moro I think of he. In deed, I Icoep thinking of very little elso theso times, and i try to olear my head by writing ns muob. down as I can. Thero is a little* salon in this hotol woro no ono over sits, though it is supposed . to bo f or tho uso of pamiomiaires. I told her I was very lonoly by myself all tho long evenings, andjl asked her would sho, como thero.aftor dinner and talk to mo. I asked hor thut the second day af tor I spoko to hor in tho street, and'Bho said sho would come. Itisia dark litllo hole of a room, with no thing in it but a tnblo and a hard little rod vol vet- covered sofa, and two or threo chairs ; and all the qan;on would do for mo U) make it moro cheerful wbb to light a couplo of feoblo flares of gas in thoclmndelier tiling overhead. (I think I might as woll say hero that tho day I met hor was tho last on which I went to tho doctor's. 1 was tired of it — I had loBt faith somehow — if I ovor had any— whon they suid I had oomo too Into. I do not bo liovo thut thoro is a thing that uils mo. It wus as likely Shaun's teoth that toro mo ns tho other dog's. Anyhow, I will leave thut foot to bo found put by tho praotioal test of timo.) I had been in tho littlo salon, and I was thinking of her all tho timo, but I did not hear hor enter the room. Sho came lightly in, and the first I know was another, face re flected besido my own in tho, .mirror ovor tho chimney piece whero I was standing. It was a bad glass that gave everything a bluo greon tone It looked liko a drownod woman that I saw in it. , Sho had on a long, curious-looking, white gown, with black, nnd gold nnd red em broidery on it. Sho saw mo look at it as I turned round and spoko to her. ' That is our Slavish ombroidory,' she said without taking any notice of what I suid to her ; ' you seem to mo, monsieur, a very in curious person. This is now tho third or fourth time that wo havo spoken to each other, and yet you havo asked mo neither my name nor .my nation ; but I will tell thorn to you. My name is Zdonka Vorschak and my coun try is Hungary. I am a Slav.' Sho sat down as sho spoko on tho Bofu by tbo wall ; what light thoro was was full in hor faoo. ' And you ?' sho said. - I had known hor name woll enough, but I had waited for hor to tell it to mo horsolf . Now I answered tho latter half of whut sho had said. ' I urn Irish, Mademoisollo, and my namo is Piorco Corraae' ' You speak Fronoh vory woll. Have you been long in Paris?' ' I havo been hero before, but not for some years. I only oamo to this hotel a week age' ' You havo only beon horo, che: Pasteur, for a week. Thon when did it happen ?' I did not nt first understand hor. 'Hnupen?' I repeated stupidly, and I looked at her faoo for explanation. Hor.oyes wero fixed on my right hand, where tho marks of the dog's.teoth wero still plain enough, for ho had given mo an ugly gash. Then it flashed on mo what b1io,}Viis driving at, and I began to tell her how I had been bitten. As I spoke, my stoiy became fuller and fuller. I told horidf my life up to tbo day on which its ourront.had been so un expectedly changed, I told- her everything that I havo written hero, and moro, being held to speaking and compelled to say all thut was in my heart, yes, and moro than I had thought wns thore, by the stress of her strange eyes. I felt almost giddy, as if I wero look ing into changing water, andfit was not until I had finished speaking thut I could tako my gnzo out of hers. Then I saw how much paler sho was than sho hud boon when first sho camo into the room. ' I havo tired you, madomoisello,' I said anxiously : ' my story has been too long and tedious.' She did not mind what I said. ' Thero ia something still that you havo not told mo,' sho said enrnostly ;??' what was the day on which this hupponed f ' Ithoughtlhndtoldyou— tho lothof March in tho nftornoon. J. havo ^always beon quito suro of tlio date, as itohnnood to bo my birth day.' She looked at me as if sho scarcely bolioved what I said. 'Moil JJicii, this story becomes very amus ing,' sho snid, with n littlo laugh ; ' thut dny with the unluekjr number is, also, my birth day. I wonder if thero aro any other points of resemblance. What wns ho liko. pur cr umple, this dog who attacked yours? The dog who ? ' Sho stopped without ending her sentence. ' He was a big, gray bruto,' I answered, ' brindled, with bluish-white eyes that had black centres to them no larger than an oat.' Her wholo expression changed while I wns Epcnking; thero was notlungbutfeurin hor faeo now. ' Holy Jesu !' sho s«id a low voieo, as if .sho. had forgotten that I was thoro. ' It was tho samo ; that was what hn wns liko — tho crenturo who attacked mo. I saw him run ning,' eho wont on in tho samo frightonod whisper, 'running, a littlo speck on our broad, white roud ; and thon ho was close to mo. I could hoar , his gaspings ; I could sco his eyes like palo flames ; it was tho same, I tell you ?' sho cried wildly ; ' ho was a devil on the snmo day he destroyed us both ; wo shall both dio-: — ' Sho was standing up now, shaking from head to foot, nnd moving her hands in a way that somehow helped mo to pioturo what sho was describing. I took them in raino, monn ing to lend her bncfi to tho littlo sofawhoro sho had been sitting. ? They olosod en my hunda with a nervous prossuro thut sont a thrill through mo. ' Do you feet it ?' sho whispered ; it ia burning ns if thoie wero tooth of firo in it. You cannot seo it, your hand covers it. It was my right hand also ho toro; but you can f eol it, you cau fool it in your own.' Her voico broko off wth a littlo sigh, and I felt her hold on my hands slnoken. 1 hud never seen a ?woman faint beforo, having had but.litto to sny to them ono way or tho other, and I did not know what I had to do. But I, am a big man, boing a good bit over six foot high, nnd strong at that, mid I just gathered hor up in my arms aiul sot out to carry hor upstoirs to hor own room. Though sho is slight for her height, tho carrying of her up thoso steep, slippory litairs was no easy /nutter, nnd joined to tho dread of stumbling was tho fear that I might meet somo one on tho way. But by somo lucky chnnco thoro wns no ono either ou the stairs or aboutthopaHsages. Hor room Wis on tho fourth etiiyi; and I stoppod outsido hor door to draw my breath. Her hond was on my right shoulder; her soft hair ticfiled my cheek. On my left shoulder lay her hand, her right hand. I could sec plainly tho dar scar where tho dog hud bitten hor. I half- nolt down in ordor to sup port her on my flneo whilo I ilnocfiod ut tho door for hor servant; but beforo I tinoofiod I tool! hor scarred hand in mino nnd iiisned it. Awur. 2-ltli. Now that I havo begun tho tried of fieop this fiind of diary it luis got to bo a necessity with mo. I boliovo if I was dying I would still bo trying to scrawl what was happening to mo. Though why I talk of dying I don't know. It is the forty»seoond day with mo now ninco I ivus bitten, and I seo thut there aro only threo cases recorded in whioh tho time between tho date whon a man is bitten mid when ho gooa mud is longer than that. I be lieve if there nvpr Tyns any danger for either of us, it is nil oyprnow. It fiortninly wnsnouri ousooinoidenbo that sho should havo beon bit ten on (ho snmo day as I was, but I cannot suy I think anything of that: and still less do I mind hor foolish fancies ubout tho dogs be ing alike Horlihy's dog was just a common brindled cur, and it would bo a much funnier thing if thoro wero not a good many others liko Kim in tho world, than if thero wero an odd ono of tho name typo. Howovor, ns Iumforovor suj'inij to her, wo lire both quito sound und fie, und it might bo tbo sumo dog or dovil either, twenty times over, for nil I euro. Sho nnd I meet each other now ovory day. Wo moot ut 12 o'clock, ut dejeuner, und utter that wo generally walk down to tho river, nnd uloug under the homo-chestnuts, that havo all broken into full leaf during theso lnst. warm duys, to the Point d'lcnu, nnd so on iuto tliu gurdens of tho Troondero, where thero is overy sweet shrub flowering mid tho birds singing, aud I thing of Currig Frass uud thank God I'm not there. Sho knows no ono in Paris any moro than I do Hor people, I think, tiro vory poor. Sho was talking to mo u few duys ugo ubout her loneliness here, and slio said she had only just enough to keep hor und her sorvunt for tho six wooks for wliich tboy hnd settled to como here, aud to pay their way back to Southern Hungary uguin. Her six weeks will bo up this day week. Sho has tnkon tho trcatmont regularly, aud I should think sho is us safe as uuy ono can bo, but it is onuy to seo sho does not think bo herseli. Sho has often a fligtty, excitable way with her that shows tho state hor nerves arc in. She badly wants some one to look after her. To-day she was tolling mo about hor lifo, in that big flat, silent country sho comes from. Tho long quiet plains, speckled as fur U6 you enn boo with flocks of shcop and hords of cattlo nnd horses ; tho littlo villages dotted hero una there over tho wide sen of grass, nnd tho Dnnubo, swooping its burden of raits und barges botween fringes of pop lar into tho level blue distanco, seem to ful fil all her idous of what a lnndsanpo oujirht to bo. I believe I could show her something better than that athoiuoiu tho county Clare Sho says she is going to bo u musician, aud until bIio came horo all her days woro given to practicing tho violin with that object in view. ' Horo I hnvo to givo up my eight hours u day,' sho suid with a look nt mo that had laughter behind it, though hor fnoo was quite serious ; 'tho j)riksio-nini-cs might not liko it. But I pluy ns muoh us I can,' she wout on ; 'it is my violi i that keeps mo alivo — only for it — ' She broko off aud leaned to ward mo across tho littlo yollow tin table at which wo wero sitting ; for wo were in our usual quiet corner in tho gardens of tho Tro oudcro. ' Woro you distmbed by my play ing last night f ' ' It wus a hot night,' I answered ovu sively, ' I should not have slopt in uuy case' Indeed, long after sho hnd ceus id, I had lain awnko tossing and thinking, think ing ? ' Thoro ure somo nights,' she went on quiokly, with tho scared whito look coming into her faco which Ibadsooniuit boforo, ' when I must pluy : then I cannot hem the sound of its feet gulloping softly townrd mo, aud its piintings. Lust night I thought, of you, and I would not play more I put tho yiolon away aud I put out tho light und got into my bod. I told myself I v/as im imlu oilo, I would not listen ; but it came, I hoard it coming across tho floor — Itudo was aslcop ; sho wns snoring so loudly you would havo thuught I could hear nothing else, but I kne \v it was there' ? How did you know it?' I said, though I know I wus u fool to encourage her in spcuk inff nf such fnnoios. Hor right hand was lying on tho table, un glovod ; my eyes followed hors to tbo purplo mark of the now healed wound. 1 Ho licked it,' sho suid, 'ho laid his hot tonguo on it ; thovo, on tho plaoo whero ho had bitten it ? ' Her faco wus quivoring, and slio kept giv ing quick, short looks to every .sido as if sho expected to soo tho croaturo she hnd dreamed of coming ngnin to nttack her. It wus moro than I ciuld stnud to sis thure and wutoh her. I got up mid walked around tho table and ant down by her side. 1 Dear mademoiselle,' I suid, taking hor cold hand in mine, ' these uro ull fancies. Your norves uro strung too high, a nil your imagination pluys on them ns yon do on your violin. You soon will louvo Paris, aud will forget all about this trouble and everything connected with it. I suppore I ought to hopo that for that reason you will also for got mo, but I am not capublo of so muoh tiu selfislmess.' I tried to mako my voieo sound as lil tlo sc-rio.isus I could, but it shook a bit in spito of mo. ^Something in tbo touch of hor hunds unstcudicd mo, nnd tho spunking of hor go ing away hud inado tho thought of hor doing so moro of u reality than it hud ever baen bo foro. ' But I ennnot forgot, ' the answered quickly withdrawing hor hand from mine. ' It hangs ovor mo always— I am not afraid of douth, but it is tho shume of it— to dio liko an animal — or to bo smothered : thoy did that to a man in a village near us who was mud. Promiso mo,' she said, turning hor shining, frightened eye's upon mo, ' promiso mo if it comes upon mo hero that you will shoot mo— I shall not mind thut— thoro would bo no degradation in dying liko that — I would not ask you, but you aro tho only friend I havo in Paris.' I tried to answor her, but I could find no words. A passion of lovo aud pity was fight ing with the kuoivlcdgo that a man with death at hi* elbow, us I have, hns no right to speak of Bm.ii things. Sho watched my face anxiously. ' Will you not piomiso ?' eho said. 'I know thoro might bo dungcr for you, too — but I thought — I hoped ? ' My self-control broko down. I said no word to her, but I took hor iu my nrms nnd kissed her many times. I was mad for the moment. I forgot everything but tho senso thut sbo wns in my arms, fcoid tight up against my hoart, with tho wind blowing her huirnll about my hotiorehoadandhor sweet lips giv ing their sweetness to rno. I do not know what I said to her, and tho few words that sho whispered to mo ? wliiio the wind in tho young Iraivos and the olear whistling of tho birds and love inado un un dorsound of song« in my licut-i — they uro sacred und_ will never bo known until I disimd tho blossod suints read them in my soul, whoro thoy burn forever. But niter a timo wo uwoko aguin to our usual lives, und though our oyes wero still dazzled by tho light of that high plaoo whoro our souls had been, wo began to seo tho shadow that wo bad both for a timo escaped from. It was ovening when wo wnllceil homo und tho low rnys of tho sun wero bienkiii'* in sparkles ou tbo swift Seine 'Dour,' sho suid, 'I know now that it is true what a gypsy woman ut homo ouco told mo, nnd I urn glad of it. Sho si:id my lifo was knitted in witli that of nnother. ' Who- ovor ho is,' sbo suid, ' ho was born under tho samo star us thou wort, nnd his fnto is tliine' I havo snt up Into tu write ull this. They ulwnys say that tho happier somo men nro tho moro they look fonvurd for trouble. I do not think that I uin usually given Unit way mysolf but tbei-n is ono thing I vould liko to nay to whichllmvo mudo my mind. 1'hny lull mo that tbo ilrat symptoms of hydrophobia, often deulnro tbeinsolvt-H somo tiino, twouty-four mum, even, before tho actual xchiuro begins. Should this happen to me— nnd I have no ror tuinty that it may do so at any minute— I will just slip away out of tho hotol ; I will Hay no good-by to her— fho may think I huvo for mikon her ; anything rather tlmii tho truth — I can ensily romovo from mysolf all marks of porsnnnl identification, und thon I will knnv whut to do. Sho will never find out, oven if by chanco shu should over nguiii hear of mo, tbo real reason of my de.ith, und she will Im ohoatocl out of Hint belief in our Hlmriug tho unino fate, which might so work ou hor nervos us to bring upon hor that which T would dio u tbousund times to'keep from her. Anui, 2uth, '11.30 p.m. I should liko to finish this oil'. I should Hko to think that into ivhosovcr hands it may Komo day fall, it would make clear what would olhorwito never bo known. And por hnps lifter some years, whoever reads it will lot her know -what wus tho truth of it ull. I huvo timo enough for that beforo I lock this mnnuscript into my trunk and send it oil' by itself homo ajjain to Ci'rrig Fruss. I havo been with her nil day, nnd wo woro very happy. Sho bus promised to marry mo soon — quito soon — in a fow days. Mothor of God, from whoso work I turned my hand, givo mo strength. Sho asked mo after tho tuhlc d'/iolo dinner this evening to como to her own littlo sitting room to havo some ten. Sho handed mo tho cup nnd I raised it to my lips, but us I tried to driuk thoro camo u spasm in my throat, and I felt I could not swallow. It frightened me, but I said nothing, nnd wo snt for u long timo talking und making plans of what we would do when we woro married. Every mo ment that I wns near her, overy stir of hor hand in mino, overy touch of her soft oheok us sbo leaned her head on my shoulder, sent u rush through nty veins of keen lovo nnd dewro to live, und oven thon I wns beginning to know that it was a mockery for mo to talk of tho future. Sbo saw thnt I hnd not drunk my tea. 1 1 will givo you moro,' slio said, ' this is cold.' Sho gavo it to mo, nnd when sho did not; see, I tried ugain to driuk it ; und ugnin tho spasm nnd tho rigid con traction of All the muscles in my throat. So I told her I did not euro for it ; nnd I said good-night to hor ; that it was late God knows I havo much to do, and I had much to do boforo I could sloop, but I shall sleep sound enough when it is dime I kissed hor twiue, threo times, as a* dying man kisses ti crucifix, but to mo tlioso kisses brought no hone. It is nearly midnight, aud I must stop. I leave her to God — may ho havo mercy on my soul. Piisnc]** Coiuiac. * * * » * * Extract from ' Lo Soir,' April 2(5, ' This morning in a remote corner of tho gardens of tho Trouadoro was found tbo body of a young man. Ho hud apparoutly com mitted suicide In his hand wns a revolver, ono chamber of which had boon fired evi dently by himself. Ho is very tall, nnd his upponruueo is that of a foreigner. No namo or marks of idontificntion of any kind wero fou.id upon tho body, which hns beon taken by tho poliuo to tho Morgue. Evt met from ' I,e Petit Journal,1 April 27. ' Yesterday evening iu tho Hospital ? , a young Hungarian lady, by uumo Zdonka 'Vorichuk, died of what is boliovod to have been rubies. Tho unfortunate lady has beon uudur tbo treatment of M. Pasteur, and it is npprebonded that somo violent shook of tho nervous system, combined with her own con stant dread of hydrophobia, caused a norvo crisis in which many of tho phuses of rabies woro closely simulated. Hor death was, however, unattended by tlio more violent symptoms of this Irightful malady, nnd wo understand thut some diU'erimco of opinion provails ninong tho physicians us to its truo cause.' — J\\. (E. Somerrille, in London Society. 