deer stalking on the danube. Fbom the Pen of the late Crown Prinob Rudolph of Austria. It is a cool, dark night towards the end of the deporting summer, and a small boat carries us swiftly across on arm of tho Danube to ono of the numerous wooded islands. Damp mists bang over the water, and make us shiver. Tho toll grasses on the banks of tho river are covered with heavy dew— whioh, at this time of tho year, overspreads vegetation — in copious abun dance. By slow degroes, in the far away cast, tho first signs of tho break of day becomo per- ceptiblo ; faint streaks of light, gradually extending, illumine one-half of tlio firmament, whereas the other half remains shrouded in dark, leaden hoes. The hoot of the owl, tho whistle of the onrlow, the hoorso croak of tho night fishing heron, tho whirr of mony pinions, belonging to endloss flights of wild ducks, returning from their feeding grounds in tho fields and small brooks of tiio neighborhood, interrupt the majestic rest of a beautiful Sep tember dawn. Over sand, drives and through osior beds, following ono of tho many littlo orceks, we are making our way towards a placo whore the large -forest trees loom like a dark wall in the di3tanco. Suddenly wo hear a roar,! a deep imposing and far reaching voioc ; like an organ penl, sounds tho bridal song of tlio many- tined stag ; a worthy rival answers his chal lenge, and soon hero and there similar sounds are heard. By this time wo havo reached tho bank of a small inlet, and stand on tlie outskirts of the lofty woods. Paddling sounds in tho water are' heard — they aro made by otters hslnng — and presently a flight of ducks sottles down upon a pool not many yards from whoro wo stand ; only in shadowy outlines can wo distin guish thoir forms ngainst the light pobbly bank. Ghost-like steps tlie horon not far from us, partaking - of an oarly breakfast, whilst whist ling waterfowls enliven tho air. The nearor tho sunrisothc morecomplotoly the mistsof the Dan- ubosaturato our already wet clothes. It is gotting a littlo lighter in the oast, but not light enough to put tho ritio sights together, so wo had better move on to lie nearer the s .ot whero womnvox- peot to find tho doer betoro it becomes broad daylight. Short intervals excepted, tho stags continue to call. AYalkiug stealthily 011 a high bank, crawling carefully through tlie clumps of aldor nnd aspen, intermixed with soaking wet large leaved plants, nettles and rough grasses, we advance but slowly. On a sudden, and with much noise, the wary duoks rise ; they have seen us, and so have the cautious herons ; they nil are on the wing, and their warning notes aro. heard overhead. AYo halt ; the suddon uproar amongst tlio alarmed wildfowl has disturbed the deor, and the stags cease to challenge, but not for long. Presently a distnnt roar is heard, more follow, and, to our satisfaction, we notice the deep bass voico of a mighty beast rend tho still morning air not far from the spot wliero wo are watching. AYith great caro avoiding to step oil tho dry twigs, which seriously interfere with our movements, wo got through tlie alders. Tho stag's voico sounds near enough. Stooping down, wo movo round a clump of almost impenetrable underwood, and find ourselves presently Kneeling on tlio brink of the stoop bank of a crook. AYo can hear deerwoding through tho shallow water, but they are hinds, whon witli startling sudden ness tlie big stag drives away a less resolute in truder, and wo can distinctly hear the crunching noise made by his hoofs 011 the gravel. Looking aoroBs a Binall slieot of placid water and towards a white sand bank, bordered by an osier bed, we discovor hinds ; they aro feeding on the sparso brushwood, and thoir lender moves in tho direc tion of a sheltering thiokoi. But where is tlio stag ? Presently wo dimly see a shapeless mass, and mighty antlers swaying backwards and for wards close at hand— hore lie is. Ho rolls himself in the cool wot clay of tho river bank, and gathers fresh strength for a possible fray ; he then rises and leisurely follows the hinds. Unfortunately it is still too dark to risk a shot; anxiously, the eye watohes the progress of the oncoming day, whiUt furtlior and further off wander tho deer amongst the willows, and tlio alroaily feebler call of tlio stag is only heard at longer intervals ; when, unexpectedly, on our loft, a loud challenge is licnrd, and another pair of tall antlers appears abovo the underwood. It is tho rival who revengefully follows his enemy. The big stag viciously turns, nnd with proudly raised head bellows out his challenge and makes for tho intruder. No timo to lose, carefully wo rise rltle, as we can see the bead. In the mean time our sta" has eomo to a full stop. Very grand he looks with his hend in tho air, tho mighty antlers thrown backwards ; but for tlio last timo his battle cry is heard. Tlie sharp crack of tho riflo brooks upon the stillness of the morn ing, and his tremondous rush tells us that ho is hit hard. AVhen tho terrified hinds hear the shot they are off in nil instant, nnd disappear bohmd the sheltering willows. Iho rival stag plunges madly into tlio foaming water, sorambles up the opposite bank, and thundors away through alder and aspon coppioe, towards the denser woods of tlie island. A bluish smoko floats ovor tho water, but soon interminglos with the slight morning mists. Gloriously tlie sun rises in the east, hoiiind the craggy heights of the lessor Carpathian Mountains, and iloods tlie whole country, side with a goidon light. Far away across the Danube and over tho basin in whioh Vienna lies, wo can discern the long ridgo of tho AVienerwald, overtopped by tho shining summit of thc'Schnoeberg. A glance at tho footprints of tlie stag, and wo find blood in tho track ; the bullet lias (lone its work well. AYo now hurry back to the spot whoro the kooper awaits us witli tlie dccrhouiul, for tlio most laborious part of our Btalk— tlio following up and finding tlio wounded hart — has yet to ho accomplished. An hour has. passed away ; tbo sun's powerful rays make themselves felt ; thoy have brought out the gnats. Those wretched bloodsuokors punish our hands and faces with over increasing energy. AVa linvo returned to tlio spot where blood had first boon found, and wo put tho hound on tho trail. Tho keeper holds him by a long lcasli, and the stout hound trembles with exoitement whilst ho sniffs tho dark red bloodstains, already fast drying' up. on tho broad lelwed weeds. The small aider coppice is quickly passed, and amongst tho higher trees whero the undergrowth is less dense our advance becomes comparatively easy. Tho traoks guide us to 0110 of the small lagoons of stagnant water, covered with reeds and small white flowers. AYo wado up to our knees through tho water, and then mount the opposite bank. AYo arc iu a lonely and very piatufesquo spot ; blue dragon llios flit over tho water, and the brnnohos of overhanging trees, hidden under n wealth of foliage, nearly touch it. At this time of the year tho sward is still covered with bright green grass, hero ami there running to seed ; generations of rank lierbago are decaying in mighty layers, damp vapors rise from tho ground, and this accumulation of rottiug vegetable matter renders tho air "close and fills it witli unhealthy exhalations. Tho shallow watercourses liayo becomo swampy and uu- 'wholesome under the ' fnUucnco of tho heats of summer. The , blood tracks lead in tlie direction of a thicket of tangled nldors uud brambles, intermingled with tail grasses, reeds and stinging nettles. Creepers cover tlie tree stems, nnd encirolo our bodies, impeding our passage. More and moro eagerly forward presses the hound— we can hardly keep up with him and hold him ; witli our hunting knives we havo over and mion to cut our wny through tho brushwood. A slim roebuck rises from his lair and bounds off ; large flights of wood pigeons riso noisily from the trco tops. Our hound raises his head and takc3 tho wind. Looking forward wo sight the reddish brown body of our stng. There is still lifo in him. AYlien ho becomes aware of our presence lie rises and rushes nway, ' uprooting sniull trees in his wild light, and, smashing tho branches of others in all directions, he vanishes. AYe now slip tho hound, and a fow moments of breathless suspense ensue bofore wo hear him givo tongue. Let us hurry on ns fust ns circumstances will allow. AYitli all our might we push our way through the brambles and reach a small clearing. I11' a pool, half hidden under bulrushes, sick, linrdly able to support himself 011 his legs, but lately so sinowy and powerful, the antlers wreathed witli torn off creepers, tho stag languidly wards off tho attacks of tho impatient hound. A crack of a riflo rings out, and tlio noble linrt stumbles and falls to rise no moro. Tiio Danube stag is a fino beast, weighing somo 5 cwt. ; tlio long nnd well shapod body, its mighty neck with the flowing mane, its short rnassivo Lend and the archod nose, tlio ourly hair botween tlio roots of tlio antlers 011 his forehead, his tall dark horns, with shovel shapod orowu ends and - ivory-white tips, stamp him as what ho really is, tho ornament mid tho pride of our forests, and not to ho found in less favored localities, or in deer parks. — Vienna Yagd Z&tung.; 