? ? ? Ali replied solemnly, wife lives—that pure, "While your good woman bifcfcfjed ao^ ruined by pj rfr j . ^ I could never have given yoii up to earthly / J asJfcica<< IButT a hlgher^/cdiirfc has removed the matter happily out of my- vfcandC L SlffiJwfU!begaVM,'awJd3yi)u will be token from her. You have you die : foryour crime,; :^md ; ,fltjhers, i wiU; pufferin the end, than they might otherwise perhapijliave suffered.' Fortheirsake, I consent taifeonspire; *vith you keeping this matter a profound secret. M*s Chichele need never know anything^ eKjqept ijbh^i Ji^r husband;plied, as everybody will say, a martyr to science. She will -still believe in you ; she will still be proud of you ; she will stitl'-tgsjfeiifc youljs f^ig riFill lovfe dead better that she could ever have she must^iave ifouad ryouiGuijjand no one could ever know you as you really are without hating and despising you. You may take ,'that: consolation with you to the grqxfrir.lt is all you ^five. j In your endeavor to make yourself guiltily happy, you have covered S^ith misery, and almost covered* with endless shame; the two/ women who, each in her way, most truly loy edyou." .- Harry covered his face, horror smitten, with his hands,"and answered : nothing 'to ^the accusing black man. But Lizbeth, rising from the head of the bed, her whole face flushed and crimson with rage,- confronted him fiercely, like an angry tigress, with unflinching wrath and indignation. "How dare you?" she cried, glaring at him with wild eyes. How dare you speak so to 'im i How dare you attack 'im oh 'is dyiri* bed ? If 'e was well, 'ed make your black skin smart for it as you deserve, you liar. Who says 'e done it 1 Who says 'e tried to kill 'er. It wasn't 'im. It was me ! It was me as done it! An' I ain't ashamed of it! I changed the glasses, ; I poisoned 'er with the germs. It's me as is the true murderer. So there, Blackamoor 1" She spoke with a concentrated scorn apd .hatred, in^her, voice that fairly astonished botb her hearers fey its profound intensity aud depth of feeling. Harty was the first to break the silence, of surprise that.,ensued for a moment. " You did it, Lizbeth V he cried incredulously. "No, no, you didn't. You make some mistake You: don't mean, to deceive, but you deceive yourself. This is a time to tell the whole truth. There's some thing to clear up. What did you do ? Before I die, tell me, tell me "Yes, there's something to clear up on all sides'," Mohammad' Ali said as quietly as his conflict of emotion would allow him. "Harry Chichele, before you die in your sin, confess the truth ; tell us everything just as it happened, Don't go the grave with , a lie upon your lips. This is your last chance to speak ^ «peak now, and save the innocent from suspicion. You lied to rne below; don't lie to me still. But first listen to what I have to say. When you had left the laboratory that day, after arranging the infusions I went back to the room by myself—Lizbeth here saw: me, it seems, from the dark chamber^—! removed the labjsls you had put on the watch-glasses; I gummed them on to a fresh set; and I filled the glasses with the labels-on tEe-badfc-with santonin -^and- WStfer! I wanted tobafije you and to bold you in check. T wanted to save your wife from you. There, so far as I know, the matter rests. I thought there "was nothing deadlier in the ;giasses than santonin. Later in the evening, as I watched and lay hid jat -the.laboratory window, I saw you come down with a candle in . 'your : hand; ^aod fill the pipette from the very glass that I myself had just before placed there. How,.it. ever came ,to contain cholera germs I don't know and I can't imagine." .,So far as my own knowledge extends, Mrs Chichele may have ca&gift; the infection independently." Harry drew another long breath Gould "'this be -so ? Could he have carried, the infection on his clothes alonef Perhaps, after all, he had tried to ho purpose. ^Perhaps he was less near being a murderer than he himself had at first fancie^, H^oijly he could believe that and' Lizbeth's story it would be some .small} cojufarfc; Accident would have relieved him of part of his guilt. He would -bare died merely a victim to bis scientific research, not to his own'-^P and'^Jul^ ^ B S t e t ^ f Ijroke J t1ia1?last dreaui. " She didn't/ 5 tlxe girl cried, starting up like a dog, with fiendish exu|^ioo, r ,in. _ ,her ^oice . fajiA, fV eyes. " You're'wrong. She didn't/ It was me as done it! ftjfefts poisoned her! Me as watched you 3 Me as changed 'em ! Me as got -the better of you all round! I'd back myself agen a Blackfirbtjoir 1 (any'day'-b'^the' week.'! I was 'idin' there in the dark chamber. I saw you a meddlm' with the doctor's ^ffi.^W.W, 3 ? you, was gone, I up an I changed 'eni all^back ^Sn, just could, to_ I'd spite put yoli, s em inyour Blackkmoor. own dinner If J I I would, you black ii inyou devil, you! An' I tile ^octoi^coul^J^ave marn^^fie^S 'un. Oh, yes, I knowed what it was all about. Yfett^don^' 'fiide notbink from me, I tell you. I knowed it exactly: An! rdsay&o;'if I was to die with the cholera myself this instant minnit. An' I wisli I may, now the doctori/^tftf ^ Jfc&K; ^faUt^i^iore, Fm goin' to 4 I'm goin' to." - terrible S roan ' "iES^S^fftcned, "there's fate here again Yon would have saved me , from myself, and -this child prevented you. The rdevil hasfteld the dice all ? through? Oar curse has worked 4aaed lookyas the spasm : .eeized him. j"I tried poison her* ^ftidfitlie^ |Upta-fel|r:Tf-gav^' ber i; chplera iJ germs ,injae&d; : at 'morp^ua". 5 ". •; .,' 1 '. 1".', | ftMid 4W |t be<»useS" -f i -Harry groaned -again. "Will you drag it all oat of tae/word for word f" jhe crieel In. an agony of shame and JremorseN" "Oh, 1 Alii 1 you're pitiless! jyou're, jcruel 1 'you're merciless! You shall hkve it, then.: I' did ft, then. I ldid.it, because I wanted to marry : !;;; | , As lie ; spoke, ^ terrible . cry pierced !the air beside them—the long, loud, ! agonized cry of au utterly heartbroken .'and mangled creature. It^was such jarring, grating sound as none of. them Jmd ever heard in their lives jbefore. It shot through •%heir ears ',l|ke a. thrill. pain. They turned. po Hook. Olwen Chichel^ in, her white night-gown, and with her white face as 'pale as 'death^ yiood rigid and iittmov- |a!ble 'lais ! a'' sSiLtue before fhend. Her bands were clasped tight onei over the otber, and her eyes were open, big and dilated^ but Ahey saw.: nothing. She gazed straight .infront of her with a blank stare, fixed dn J infinity,, and .seemed as if, rooted to the ground where she stood, in the first full horror of that ghastly revelation.* ; Harry looked at her, flung up his arms, cried -with an answering cry like her own, and dropped as an animal drops when shot, on to the bed behind him. She knew it all She had heai'd it all. She drank it all in, in its unutterable hideousness. The secret they were just conspiring to keep from her, she had learnt of herself—irrevocably, damningly. Intent on listening to what Harry had to say, the others had never noticed the faint rustle of her bed-gown against the door outside; they had never heard her softly turn the handle; they had never observed her gliding like a ghost into her husband's room. And now they stood face to face with the very worst. Olwen knew it—knew it all; . and everything was lost and for every one of them. For a second she stood a statue of flesh. Then she staggered and fell. Mohammad Ali, darting forward, caught her, tottering, in his strong arms, and lifted her back tenderly into her own bedroom. There, ; he laid her once more at full length on her bed, cold and stiff, and called for Seeta. The shock had sent her back into delirium once more. She did not rave ; but she knew nothing. Mohammad Ali had hut one prayer—that she might never awake to realise her husband's shame; that she might dream away life, there as she lay, in happy insensibility. Seeta and he composed her in her bed with tender care. He did not tell Seeta anything that had happened, except that Olwen had got out of bed in a delirious fit and gone into Harry's room to find him dying. That alone would have been amply sufficient to account for her condition. Why disclose the rest % Why make one more woman needlessly wretched! Seeta had enough to bear of her own as it was. Guilty though she might be in her lesser degree, he would not willingly increase the weight of her lonely burden. As soon as he was able, he went back in baste to Harry's room. There, Lizbeth was hanging over the bed, crying bitterly. Great sobs convulsed her prostrate form. Her two arms were clasped in anguish over her unkempt head, which lay beneath them buried deep in the bed-clothes. Harry's neck had fallen back listlessly upon the pillow, pallid and rigid as a block of marble. Mohammad Ali held his hand reverently before the half-open lips, ifo breath was issuing forth from mouth or nostrils. Not a liair stirred. He was stone dead. He had died at- once with the sudden shock of Olwen's recognition. The girl lifted her face from the clothes for a moment and met the Indian's eyes angrily. Her cheeks were deadly pale now. " You shall 'ang for it!" she cried with a vehement outburst, and relapsed onoe more into silent sobbing. Mohammad Ali toot her by the hand and tried to lift her from the dead man's bed. She resisted as a dog might resist the attempt to drag it away from its dead master's : body. Strange. Her hand was very hot and feverish. Mohammad Ali looked her hard in £he face. Dark rings surrounded tier swollen eyes ; the pupils were small and contracted vertically. A faint odour breathed from her body. He recognised those deadly symptoms at a glance. He knew what it meant. She, too, had fallen a victim to her own feai-ful stratagem. "My girl," he said, with no trace of unkindness or cruelty in his voice, "you are ill yourself-^seriously ilL You. must ; go to bed. Come with me immediately." - < \- J I Shan't," the girl answered, with passionate resolution." «I shaljL ^ 'ere. 'E was kindJbo. mother. 'E was kind to mtf}:- i jehall never leave 'im— never w.^iie -I Kve. 3Sojae of '^,eyer catfed for 'im one bit like me. It was me as inlled ^m, and I shall die beside 'im." M x ThJf cunsefKad wroughfc itself out all round. Harry was was dead. Lizbeth lp tlfe^i^SSl^p S^' CRAPTEfir XXV. All LondoojafSffl^t moraine wi ehfe'^MS " -^k^^^hority,. , pn zymotic diiease h^?fe!lfen k victim to liisitscientiftc' ... ^rd<&k;!&ntf; ; i)hat arform' of fle^'l^ensa^^^'Sjgfeto: rin'llittle 1 in ijrbwded -streets and ! *the -probability, : what Harry <3bichele would himself placidly ;Kave B^cribed as good, Jswingeing,. Hweejnig epidemic. The air wak all ^ire for a while -with confliciiing rumbtire; ( «!B6;JOhblei»'iiiiIionaon" berauhe a v xiine f -days'r- wonder^ It floated, lambent, on the breeze of heaven. - 1: Twen^ Levantine sailors had died, it was "solemnly ^declared, in an ISastrend lod^ipg-house.; • A; crew of Lascars had sickened 'to a man on a schooner just iirrived in the Pool, off the Tower, from ttio Janeiro. Thi5ee fresh eases of the suspicious type had wcurred in Queen -Anne's road itself. The condition of Bermondsey baffled description. A hospital, was to be opened for the sufferers at Hampsfcead. A floatang lafearetto would be stationed at Greenwich. And so forth, and 'so forthj with the usual marvellous evolutibnary vigor of every fresh and sensational : ; report.' Talk of germs I !no : germ' on' «arth; r can ' equal it for rapid multiplication. Before evening Harry' Ohichefe's ^eath had reproduced a 'hundredfold, -and the cholera. | had established itself as a-visible and audible reality of life over all the twenty-four quarters of London. ' 'The scare 1 died < away in a week, erf course. It'clied a natural death,-of pure inanition.- Gommon sense and common courage speedily reasserted themselves. People who at first had spread exaggerated reports i soon poohpoohed with sagacious noses the very existence of any possible source of danger. London was the most sanitary city in Europe. The rumours had all been immensely overdrawn. Sporadic cases of Asiatic cholera, my dear sir, or something very like it, indeed, were always happening among foreign sailors. But only among them, poor dirty souls; -our own people were perfect models of the most scrupulous cleanliness. The papers which at first had hurled anathemas at the heads of the executive authorities for not establishing a vigorous quarantine in the Thames were now unanimous in asserting the impossibility of boxing up the commerce of a city like London. The one fatal case had been admirably isolated by Dr Mohammad Ali, the unfortunate Dr Chichele's able and enthusiastic oriental colleague. Every precaution that silence and skill could suggest to practical wisdom had been enforced and carried out under this excellent medical gentleman's personal supervision. Dr Ali, fortified by 'his Indian experiences, had drawn an efficient sanitary cordon round the infected house from the very first; and though this needful step had involved great danger to that brilliant and distinguished lady novelist, Miss Seeta Mayne, whose peril had proved a source of the liveliest apprehension to thousands upon thousands who had never seen her and would never see her, "We believe," said the Times leader with its oracular gravity, " that but for his firm, judicious, and immediate action London might have been visited by such an epidemic as has hardly been equalled in any European capital within the memory of the present generation. To Dr Ali, indeed, are due the thanks of society for the promptitude "with which, at a critical moment of great danger, he took upon himself unsolicited the task shirked by the constituted authorities, and pre served from a desolating and destroying pestilence the greatest, wealthiest, and most populous city of modern Christendom." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 