TiOCAL AJXV (JEKJBItAZ. E xrruT ivr: Council.—A m eeting of the Executive Council was h eld IhiB morning, •nhenn q uantity of departm ental business wub transacted. T elkoravuic.—Notice w as posted a t the local T elegraph Office th is morning th a t th e Tasman’s Peninsula line has been interrupted beyond Coppington since 10 JO a.m. to-day. PROBATES.—T he following p robates have boon issued .— Thomas A rth u r Dossitor to Robert McCullough, £504; Elizabeth H&nn; to H eury Lewis G arrett, £JG8 ; TYilliftm H enry Savigny to E llen Savigny, £ 1021; Jam es lYaddingtou to Jane W addington, £105. The follow ing adm inistration has been issued :—Bernard Keene Bourdition to Gerard Bourdilloa. £G15. G eneral, H osdtal.—Dr. Robert G illespie Scott has been appointed by the Governor-in-Council to tem porarily fill the appointm ent of Assistant House Surgeon and Dispenser a t tbe G eneral Hospital, H obart, in eucccesioh to th e late Dr. Lever, deceased. Ci i t P o lice C o u rt.—Tbe Mayor (M r A. Crisp) and Alderman Reynolds, J.P ., presided a t th is court to-day, Samuel' D avenport, jun., a boy who said he was 14 years old, b u t looked older, was charged with having stolen a pair of boots, the property of Mr C. J- Do Jersey, valued a t .Se Gd. A reniBod was asked for until the 20:h in s t, which was granted. W illiam Lang was charged with, being drunk and incapablecn 24:h inst., and lined 5s, or 24 hours’ imprisonment. H enry H atfield, for being drunk and disorderly, was also fined in the same amount. Charles P retty pleaded guilty to having disturbed tb e peace in H unter street on 21tb insi., and was fined 5s or seven days' imprisonm ent T he c ourt then rose- A Shocking A ccident —A lad named George Pluutmor met w ith a severe accident wbilBt filling a tree a t W edge Bay on Saturday. Tbe tree, by aoiuc means, | fell on tb e unfortunate boy’s leg, a n d ’ c- uehed it so severely th a t when taken t o , the hospital yesterday it was found necessary to am putate the injured lim b at the knee joint. The operation was puifuimed , MuTeesfuJly b.v Dr. B right, asritlt-d by Drs. Giblin, W olfhagen, and Payne, and th e | patien t is progressing os farorably as th e | serious n a tu re of the c*se will permit. 1 Vandaliss:.—A num ber of the residents of Wt-st H obart have been considerably annoyed lately by tlie dostruction of a num ber of ornnmi- ntal tree s planted on th e ir grounds. T be delinquents on these occasions are a parcel of itaker and butvber boys, who ruthlessly te a r down th e trees for tho purpose of obtaining sw itches to beat th e ir steeds w ith. Remonstrance seems of very little avail w ith th e young vandals, and the only rem edy open to sufferers will be t • m ake an exam ple of the next delinquent detected, by causing him to give a full oxplan.ti.von of hU conduct to the Police M agistrate, S t. A ndrew ’s C h u rc h .—T he quarterly service for the youth of lbe church and Sabbath school wbb held yesterday m orning. Jr was conducted by the Faster, who took for his text 1 Chros. **i., 9, “ So David waxed greater and greater, for tb e L ord of Hosts was with him .” The subject was “ True greatness, nnd how* to reach it.” I t was treated in a way suited to the capacities of the young people, and was listened to with evident interest by the w holecongregation. David’6 greatness, in courage'-and in eong, as acommander and a King,woe vividly portrayed, as well os w hat m ade him an d kept him great, " F o r tbe L ord of H osts was with him .” T hough they m ight never be. enrne great as David w as, y e t tru e greatness would be reached by them all, if they controlled their passions and tem pers, c ultivated holmes?, aud trie d to become useful rnc-n a nd women. Everyone for th e asking m ight have the help of God. T hoehildren during tbe service sang several hym ns from '• School Praise,” in a way which showed th a t they bad been carefully instructed. Playing the Ghost. — One or two months ago some individual, for whose want of brains and wit the public cannot in anyway be held responsible, took it upon himself to play the ghost in the immediate neighborhood of Upper Murray street and Lansdowne Crescent, and by his inane pranks succeeded in frightening a few timid people nearly out of their wits. A number of the residents at the time organised themselves into a Vigilance Committee for the purpose of captu ring the ghost, who, hearing of their action, wisely left his boat. The sudden appearance of another candidate for "meet me by moonlight alone” honors has during the last two evenings been the cause of much fright and annoyance to lonely pedestrians who have had occasion to pass the old Catholic Burial Ground and the not too-well lighted thoroughfares of Lansdowne Crescent. It is just as well to warn his ghostship— if he is sufficiently well educated to read, and sufficiently modern to take in a newspaper— that the residents of the locality he haunts breathe vengeance against him. On Saturday evening a young girl saw the ghostly tomfool in High street, whose appearance caused her to fall down in a faint. 0 iiy sen Of S t- J o y * tije U av tist,—The 1 Parish Council Lave again a m p god t o 1 c irry out another series of eatortaiuiaouta in aid of the Church Repairs Fund. I t will be remembered tb a t aome tw o or three y ears ago some heavy expenses were in ­ curred in carrying out necessary repairs to j,he pburch, and th a t la st year several cn* torttinm cnts were given a t the schoolroom, G oulbum uteeek w ith th e vjewof redlining pbe debt. T he efforts of th e council wgre a ttended with sifccest, and thpy Arc again looking forwsgd to tb e samu support Lo}b from parishioner* And th e outside public, to enable them to fu rth er rrd u i^ tbe inr dobtedneas. To-morrow evening the first, performance will be given, and will ta k e ; th e form of musical selections, reading*, pte.,at)d will conclude with a farce. As the piem bert of th e ^ ellerive in stitu te and o th e r #el|-F °oyn am ateurs h a rp promised fcbeir assistance, and ap'ttye pripe of ad? mission has been fixed a t upopular phsrgc, a n overflowing audience should gather together to help on euch a praiseworthy cause Tho concert will commence a t 7.46 p.m. F ootball.—T he Garrison and Broadmar»{) plubs m ef oi) fb ° f^w er Cricket p roqnd op S aturday last to try cop elusion*, and play r&Hlted; in a v iu fer the Gati-igonrijy .. th _ a 2 *„JAlfi goals m 7 behipds to J goal G bghinds. Tfoe following played well for G a r r is o n R itc h ie , W illiama, G uast,0 w rier, as did ^IpOroaacp, P . Bnrna, C uthbert, and Crofby for tbo losers. Y M .C.A .—'T be annua) public meeting and entertainm ent in connection with tbe y.M.C.A. **iH be bold to-m orror evening, in th e Town H all. Toa will be on the teljlci &t; 6.30, and the entertainm ent will to'mmcncc a t 7 48. JppilopBV, Cramp, Neuralgia, cud all afffifl tfonsflT tbo nerrbvs «yete« are completely gopsd a fte r/h e solo method jitofgiI gocfiassfal to t howaftufa of DOkOii. IrA rtm cst by letter af& fS M iptof ftu amplified dnapription aoeom patoled frith pOFt^toinps for the ana war to the address p ft—’ Hvgifa Bauatorium.” Hamj ! 