ATHLETIC SPORTS. WHEEL NOTES. By Philibcbtkb. This afternoon on the Melbourne Cricnec-groutm the Melbourne Bicycle Club oommenoe their annual two days' spring race meeting, and should the weather be fine a large gathering may be er|*ctot It i« now five years sinoe tbli oia-M>H»iu»cu «— oomruenood holding spring nice meetings, end now we may any they bare beoome quite no Institution, end we looked forward to with yewlylnoreMinc Jn tweet from eU parte of the colonies. In holding tbeee annual gathering* this club be* alwwto endeavoured to Improve the character ol the •port, end from the Inception of these iwa meeting* up to the praeent time the leading policy he* been to inereeee the value of prises m the •port grow*. That thle eyetem be* been successful to evident from the oooatenUyinoreesing number of racing men, f- r although eome of the old rider* have out, etUI e great many more new ones hive filled their pleoet, end it it indeed satisfactory to note that amount tbeee quite a wboot of last end staunch •idem ere oomtng before the public, and ell thst to now required it ."a syetem of holding raoe meeting* •agulerly in stated season*, to that the public n»y beoome familiar with the various rider*. <iut of the li events on to-d*y'» program®® the chief, ol course, is the Austral wheel JUoe, dtotanoe two miles, for which five prises »» offered, tt follows£800. £80, £1!, £6, *nd AS. I still uphold the <minion I expressed when the handi caps appeared, that they are as perfect tt snyonecsn expect, end although at first many prominent riders •oofled the heudloapper, it is amusing to note the change in their tone, for now nearly everyone admits the first- clue nature of the handicap, ton ®Pi evidently knew mors about the men than tbey did or themselves, end for my own pert I must •natter of tipping the winner out of that field of« riders it a moat diflloult task—in fact, one almost f*®» inolloed to plaoe the numbers in a bat and P1"®? the first five drawn. Having apent many «wm||K ghost of a chance. Foxall, although by no means fast. i8 going fairly well, and Ills long experience wilt help ; liiul. SUll, I do not like bis chance a bit, but if a surprise is sprung, then Foxall may be tbe winner. Browcr, Amos, M'Gee, Parlett, and Greenwood need not be feared a great deal; but O.K. Ban It in, 270 yds, is a clean-limbed oolt, who has developed a good deal of speed lately, and will be beard of during the meet ing, although 1 do not fancy be will see any of the Austral prizes. Colo has not trained sufficiently, and J. R. Bankin Is a strong and steady goer, but scarcely speedy enough. The same remarks apply to A. D. Muirhead. Wolf, Meyer, and JohnBton can scarcely be regarded as surrounded with a halo of danger, but the next on the list, A. Iwentyman, 245 yards,is looked upon by his friends as a certain winner. This rider has been carefully trained by Lee, and has been credited with some remarkably fast times in training—times which if equalled in the race would knook the record silly, and place the Fernslder in possession of tbe £200 prize. IIo may do all this, but for ray own part I did not like the way he finished a spin on Tuesday night, and feel convinced he will be oaught before he 1 gets through. Of the three on tbe 240 yards mark, Sampson, Perry, and Clay, the-last-named Is certainly in the best condition—in fact, I like bis style of pedalling, and he should be tbe first to mike Twentyiuan move. H. Crawley has returned to the racing path, but he does not soem to move so freely as in the old days. Passing over Ward and M'Ginnis, we find ourselves amongst the semi-dangerous con tingent. Beauchamp (220 yds) will require watch ing ; he has trained on tbe Warehousemen's, and his performance on the Friendly Societies' grounds last Satin day, when he ran second to Jaokson, is worth noting, Regarding R. K. Jackeon (216 yds)—this rider is just now in capital, form, and it is quite possible he may, with his liberal start, win tbe race. He has trained well on tbe Brunswick track, and is going better than ever be did. I like L. Herman, the young Sandhurst rider, who reached Mel bourne on Tuesday on a fortnight's holiday, which be means to turn to good account, trying to take tbe Austral back with him. Greenwood is going fairly well, and S. H. Day, 105 yards, iB rapidly becoming a fast rider, but too far back to win now. The next two riders, O. N. Hall and B. II. Nicholson, are two of tbe fastest colts in the race ; they have trained persistently and consistently for weeks past Both are short men, but strong, neat, and fast pedatlera. I prefer Hall, and shall certainly accord him a place. H. S. Uuast, Coote, and J. B. Shaweross are about equally matched, and too far back to see the finish. If Hutchinson starts I should plane him, but rumour has it he will not ride. Passing over Talbot, Brown, and Jlullins, who neod not be treated as dangerous, we reach that old wartaorse Shackelford, the hero of a hundred battles on the path; and it experience and good form go for anything in this big race then the Victoria man.ought to be victorious. He;is going first-rate, but I fancy tho company behind him will take the wind out of his sails and tho prize out of his grip. W. J. C. Elliott has not trained enough. Now we come to the red hot contingent, from which the winner must be picked. From lOOyarda to the scratch line there arc nine magnificent riders, Campion, Jewell, Chrisp, Mayes, Lambton, Scharpe, Lewis, and T. and J. Busst. With such stock as this behind and a £200 prize in front, it goes without saying that some tre mendous racing mu$t ensue. Campion,like Tom Busst, is a young lion at wheel racing. Jewell, tbe Ballarat people have every faith in, while G. W. Chrisp is as neat and fast a pedaller as there is on the tracks. Mayes, the English rider, is almost as big and fast as Busst. Lambton is as lithe and speedy as tbe wind,and Scbarpc, Lewis, and J. Busst are all proverbially speedy. This completes the field, which without a doubt is the finest racing talent the country can supply, and well worthy of so great a race, with its £250 worth of trophies. To conclude, I consider the race will be remarkably fast, and that, bar accidents, the rider who is good enough to go right through and win the Austral Wheel liace for 1880 is—1, G. VV. Chrisp; 2. U. H. Lambton ; 8, J. J. Campion; 4, C. N. Hall; fi, T. IV. Bunt or Twcntytnan. The other events may result as follows :— One Mile Novices' Bicycle Race.—1» A. C. Duff ; 2, U. Dridger ; 3, A. J. Davev. One Mile 7hird Class Bicycle Race.—1, H. Gant: ?, C. E. Bankin ; 3, E. W. Newport One Mile Seoond Class Bicycle Bane.—4, G. N. Hall: 2, L. Herman ; 3, D. Jewell. One Mile Safety Bicycle Kace.—1, Anderson ; 2, Adams ; 3, Davey. Three Mile International Scratch Race.—I T. W. Busst: 2, 11. H. Lambton ; 3, J, K. Fen Ion. One Mile and a Half Open Bicycle Race.—1, Lewis: 2, Scharpe ; 8, Shackleford. Obstacle Race.—1, Hall; 2, Beauchamp: 8, Herman ; 4, Cole. The first race on the programme this afternoon starts at a quarter to 8; the Austral will be run at 4 oclock. 