trrHE WEDDING WAS FUE- | XISHED WITH GUESTS.' BY C. H. SruEGEOx. The wedding was furnished with guests.'— I jjittbC'W xxii., 10. Onr discourse will follow the lines of the parable, i kin desired to honour his son right royally. He ?.'a hi« son well, for he deserved richly of him; and. JLwfore, as the most fitting time had eome, he Solved to honour him. His eon was about to take J i himself a spouse ; should not his marriage, which event in life, be celebrated with honour ! 'fhefather determined to honour hie son on the iorful occasion by inviting a large number of. guests to a sumptuous banquet. Not by the infliction of Li„ or the pressure of taxation, but by liberality Jnd 'festivity, would the king honour the Grown Trinee It should be an extraordinary feast, Surely, ft would be the simplest thing in. the world to gather Joaither a grateful company of guests. One would - rtmect a competition for admission: everybody in the i-oval domain would eagerly ask for an invitation. But it fell out otherwise ; there was a disloyal feeling abroad, and it now expressed itself : those who were j bidden would not eome, and means had to be nsed to secure te result spoken of in the text, so that 4 the ! weddine was furnished with guests.' The parable is plain. TLe Great Father de lights to honour Jesus, His only begotten Son. The Father loves the Son, with whom he is ouc. The Soil has deserved well at the Father's bauds, for He h is been ' obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.' It is the Father's a m in the work of grace to glorify. His Son, who, as God and man iu one nature, is the channel of grace to fallen men. He proposes to do th's now ihat fche Lord Jesus tikes His church into marriage union with Himself. The incarnate God calls a 'chosen oora- pauy, the briue. the Lamb's wife, and celebrates thus early in the day this liappy union with a wedding- breakfast, to which He invites multitude? to come. It is a feast of mercy, grace, and peace; a marriage hast of delight and joy. Tlie least is for the glorify ing of the Lord J esus Christ in a very special manner. Can ar.y of us measure the glory which comes to our Ljrd Jesus by His union w ith the church ! Angels, and principalities, and powers, intelligences now ex isting. and all intelligences yet to be created; will wouderingly gaze upon the riches of His inheritance in the saints. What a spectacle is this 1 TLe Word made flesh that He might dwell among us! Im- iBimuel. God with us, taking unto Himself a conp iny of chosen moil, to be one with Him for ever. In the union of < hrist and His church all wisdom centres, all i iraee shines forth. ' The excellency of our God is to he seen n the salvation of the elect and joining of them unto the C iiist. Uur glorious Second Adam was like the first Adam in the garden, for whom no helpmeet ««> found. Neither cherubim nor seraphim, .metis nor spirit s, could be fit companions for him. He says. ' My delights were with the sons of men.' He willed that Hiis chosen church should stand to Him in the same relation as Eve stood to Adam, to be the solace of His heart and the rest of His love. He chose nun t > be His companions, His friends, His ice. His crown. One would have thought that every man hearing 1 that manhood was thus to be honoured by union with Oodhf ad would flock towards the marriage-feast. It 1 would have seemed certain that all would desire to I know this hi avenly mystery, and as soon as they I knev, it would press forward to be partakers in its j Viss. Alas 1 this is rot t .e case ; and this morning j my business is to toll you the story of how the pur- j pose of Divine love appeared in peril, but how, iu j the end. it is aec miplished ; and, according to the j Uncus ye of the text, 'the wedding was furnished with gnosis.' | I. Our fij> i point is. that it seemed as if none would I come. The wedding-feast was prepared; oxen and I iaiun-rs were killed, all things were ready : but where v. to the guests ! 1 Those first invited, and naturally expected, would I not i». Previous notice had been given them of j the festival, and afterwards a summons had beenscnt j 1\. 1 soy that the hour was eome ; but, instead of joy- j iuliy responding, they would not come. . j These were, first of all, the Jews, to whom the J gispo! had been given by the law and the prophets j ions beforehand. He came into His own, but His own j 3 v. rived Him not.' Israel was not gathered j few out I of the chosen nation recognised the Messiah. He j wdh a feast of mercy lor them, but they would I iuive none of it. He ca.l.-d, and they refused. I To-day this same class will be found among the j riiildieii of godly parents ; dedicated from their birth, prayed for by loving piety, listening to the j .aoipol from their childhood, and yet unsaved, "We J look for these to eome from Jesus. We naturally cojr That thc-y will feast upon the provisions of grace, acdiike thc.r j>arcnts will rejoice in Christ Jesus; bet. u!as : how often it is the ease they will not eome! >ome suth are here this morning. We greatly grieve "V ci you. You do not chooi e your father's God, nor jcpi your mother's Saviour. Ah, me 1 if you will not come, who will If you, who are taught con- " ruing .salvation by grace, yet refuse it, how can v<: wonrh-r that the children of the godless and the prolan: reject oiu1 message I "Who vriil come if you willnot: . . | D-ar hearers. s.ime of you are not pnvi- | l'-ecd with godly parents, but you have been for many vc-ars willing listeners to the Word of life, and yet yuu do not accept Christ Jesus as yours, nor ac:<'jv. t he provisions of his grace. You do not joy with him in his union with his chcsen, for you donot 1 .v. him . How sad is this ! Well may the dispirited preacher mourn, and fear in his heart that the great 1 clival of love will jrove a failure ! If such as you 8-0 ill not come, how will the wedding be furnished vi itli miosis Th" outlook grew worse still when they came not liiuuuli tLey were reasoned with. When they would not . 'iuo. t.ie king sent other servants to bring them t :t better nrnd ; and this was the foixu. of bisreason- ine : 'Behold, I have prepared my dinner, my oxen :iiid my fallings are killed, and all things are ready ; 1 unto the marriage.' No kinder argument could h.ivo Toon used ; there was an appeal to all that was lioliic in them, and had they been worthy they would i-i'coumc- atonce. I can well understand tnat the servants would repeat their lord's message with >pco :.il ca gomes--, as tliey thought of his waiting in th.' palace, aud watching for the guests. They would > i v to those who hesitated, ' You have watted long ' "oii-h. come at once. The marriage cannot be 'iciayed, whv should you delay! Tarry no longer. !'o-(f:iv if ve will hear his voice harden not jour hearts".' Still they madelightof it. When you have he. n invited to .Jesus many a time; when teartul ':»i nest ness has pleaded with you, andyet men o l God hav.- had to return to their Master, saying, Who hath believed our report!' it becomes a sorrowful business, and our anxious fears cannot see how the wedding will be furnished with guests. This would have been an overwhelming surprise to if Jesus hid not declared of men in his own day. Ye will not i'ome unto me that- yc m"g«it ba\ life. 11 taey ie- i used his pleadings we cannot wonder thatthey reject, oui' sayings. Still it is a mournful fact, that Many- are called, but few are chosen.' The case looks darker "still when we notice that, though reasoned with by newmessengers, they did not come. It is said, 4 He sent forth other servants.' I tell you from my very soul that, if my Lord wiH oulv bring you to tlie banquet of bis grace, I mind not who shall be the successful messenger. It you will not believe in the Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life through what I have to say, mav the Lord remove mo, and send someone else, to whom he wul give power by his grace to reach your hearts. I shall be glad to remain in this pulpit for years to come, but not at the cost of a single soul.: If somebody else can preach to you more efficiently, if someone else can get at your hearts better than I have done, may the Lord allow me to retire for your good ! Do you wish it ; 4 He sent other servants.' A. preacher may ho too rhetorical ; let a plain-speaking person be tried . He may be too weighty ; letanother come vntn parable and anecdote. Alas ! with some of you the tiling wanted is not a new voice, but a new heart. You would listen no better to a new messenger than to the old one. After so many good men and true have spoken; after Paul, and Apollos, and Cephas have all failed, how shall the wedding be furnished with guests ? If you look at the various characters who would not come, j-ou will see more and raore rause f or sorrow. Of some we simply read tl.at they tney would not come.' They made no excuses or apolo gies, but curtly said they would not come, -there was an end to the matter. Many dismiss the gospel at once ; they are not to be reasoned with; they ao not want it, and will not have it. A large class of the hayg beard of the way of salvation, but W <« imthi sSSwa Tt&Fzy;&z; "V buying add my RpiKn- Ter 1 attend to | JX-®;. veyy humerQiiHfl qESy-wise make religious, bis PositiOni v® rich man cannot be I FJ the thinf111?5 the Poor by earning his daily breRdri? yS?' he is worn out cuse. LSrd, w&£ K' theyaU jauuy mom are occupied with Sh ""hing, and so I not be bothered, they hadeni?POSe would j cant; they 4 took biJ Pce with religious spitefully, and slew S?" aB,? entreated them mimereiSs aTthe Sei f 2® «« not so among us. Seerrtinaf 1 yet they are found and 4 modern thouirht ' -? godliness, I of1themiSted!hfa1 Sht of regains; eome in bL S T£e murderers of troops .and slew the city. While T v n an burned their my preaching, nan, of died wiSitrS: are they now! If they Sey MvP,- f3ll?.they are ?ow Past Jiope. Ah me ! love. but they rZ I with SeSLT' can be; furnished | I t.36 ® c tells us the real reason why thiey would not owne j they were not worthy. ThcWho were ! Fbm tkett5 was the nothing m them to encourage that 16 nt lyal, they were not land- i thcy.eJ hot honest, they were not worthy, 5me 40 honour to the son if not coming revealed the erunitv of their hrte. It was a wretched way of showing I Jbeir spite to thfe Prince upon his wedd-ng-day. It is horrible that men refuse Christ and heaven out of enmity to God. Rejectors of Christ are unworthy of pardoning grace, unworthy of a I Saviour, unworthy of those marriage bonds J m which Jesus enters with believing hearts. They | are not worthy in the Gospel sense of worthiness. I rrn?U1Se ey M"ei'e far less worthy in a legal sense. The most mournful spectacle in the world is a heart j which refuses the mercy of God. Objection is some- J tunes made to the doctrine of total depravity I do J not know what adjective can be too strong to de- j scribe human deinvity wLen I perceive that it re fuses God under His loveliest aspect ; God in the 1 fTeataeas of Hts love, God sparing not His own Ban. j If men turn away from God in anger lean under- 1 stand it ; if men turn aside from God in justice I can understand it ; but when they so hate God thatthey J will not even have His salvation, when they "refuse J pardon through the precious blood of Christ, when I tl ey will sooner be damned than reconciled to God. this shows that their heart is desperately wicked, j The cross rejected is the clearest proof of the heart depraved. There I leave this mournful subject and 1 go a step further. Certainly it did seem as if the wedding would not be furnished with guests. H. Secondly, it was a mournful prospect. Imagine J that there had been no guests at the wedding feast, J what then ! j First, it would have been greatly to the king's dis- J honour. The Crown Prince is married, arid nobody j comes to the wedding! The feast is free, costly, j plentiful, but nobody will eome to it. "What an in- suit ! The banqueting-hall is lighted, and the min- J strels are in their place, but no eyes or ears are j charmed. Oxen and fatlings make the tables groan, but none are there to make the hall resound with shout and song. What a wretched spectacle ! Empty halls, unfurnished benches, meat untested carried out to the dogs ! History does" not record a more J deliberate and unmistakable insult. Let me translate the parable. If no souls are saved, if the great plan of redemption does not save, what a farce the whole j business will be ! "What a dishonour to the .name of the great God ! Look at the supposition, that you may see the impossibility of it. Think for an instant of & defeated, disappointed, dishonoured Jehovah ! Can it be 1 And yet, if the wedding had not been furnished with guests, the king would have been dis appointed and insulted in the fceaderest point. If the chosen are not saved, if men are not brought to Christ, then the glorious name of the God of grace is dishonoured. Do you think it can be so ? In the next place, suppose none had come to the wedding feast ; then the kng's son would have been grieved. His wedding, and nobody there! If it were your own, perhaps you could put up with it, for j-ou do not stand in so public a position as the king's son, and you have not provided so vast a banquet, j But the king's son ! Only imagine that it is His j wedding-day, and the servants are mustered in the hall, but not a single guest arrives. He has no one ! to congratulate him upon the happy day, no one to : wish him well, no one to welcome the bride. Now, the same is true of our Lord Jesus Christ. If He dies, and men do not believe in Him ; if He rises again, and men . do not accept Him ; if He enters heaven as a Prince and a Sav our, and yet no one re- I ceives repentance and remission, where is His honour 1 Where is His glory ? Look at the areadf ul supposition, and think whether it can be. I am i sure, <as you gaze upon it, you will say, 4 Impossible! A bleeding Saviour cannot die in vain. Our Christ could not in death have paid down the ransom price fornothinsr. He eould not have stood a substitute, for'men, and yet see men 10 st after all !' n_ If no guests had arrived, how disappointed would the bride have been ! She, too, would have had to share in the failure of the day. Her bridal would, not have been remembered with pleasure. She would have been happy in tiie bridegroom, but also unhappy because of the unkindness shown to him. In vain Ler rich apparel,' and' her costly ornaments, for there are no eyes to gaze upon them. If souls ai e_not saved the church misses her greatest joy. When men believe in Jesus, how delighted we are ! Our hearts leap for joy when men rei e it. But li sinners are not sayed, if the preaching of the Gospel is in I vain, if they will not come to Cbrisfcj &enare;saints full of heaviness, and the church <rlesout in her anguish, 4 Hast thou forgotten to be gracious V Had none come to the marriage feast, a store of provisions would have been wasted. The King says, ' My oxen and my fatlings are killed.' See the bul locks roasting whole ! See yonder fatted «ilf killed for the feast ! Mark how the sheep are led to the slaughter ! All this will remain untasted. Yonder dainty dishes, and flowing bowls, and luscious fruits willhave none to enjoy them. It, will be a wretclmd business indeed ! I W3fit you' to look rit'thd drdful picture till it vanishes out of sight. Can it be that Jesus has made. Himself the heavenly bread, and j none will feed on Him, " or at the best a very few-. Can it be that He has provided a . robe of jaghteQUS- 1 ness, and nobody will wear it ! Is heaven prepared, j" pud will it remain half-occupied ? I do huti suppose 1 it for the moment, to make you see wlmt a melan choly fact a fauie in the scheme of mercjr wouia be. I "Would it not have meant, also, the eaemstrij I umph ' The king's foes would have heard of it, and laughed hiufto scorn. At a; royal wedding he could; not command guests ! How they would scoff .at Jttis J nraofed nmvision ! Ha. ha 1 Ha, ha ! The. story would have been told on every ale-bench. The sons of Belial would make rare mirth of it. The King, the Prince, theTJxidewquld all have been ridiculed, because of a wedding in empty halls, a feast with pStanguite ! Ido-peUWCl- MLtQM.tatend. to let Satan triumph in this way. r I cannot imagine that He will allow the powem ofrkn&ss; Thusto oven their wicked mouths against him. H free-waH refuses the gift of God, free grace will .come insri win the day. I have shown you already how free will threatens to emplv the b£mquei-, anu dishonour the King, the bon, at d the Br.de, and if the business had ueen left to the free-will of man> this is the result which would have come of it. a SdiKonoukd, and men preferring to die rather DaSpt life through Jesus Christ; Then it could been said that 'the wedding was fur- anapofceftatintte trhe wedding was furnished with guests. »U, «od Mi not be glorified as wc wish that He should be Tntho SWMsasrwSaEB flit tec mer mvitation. - At tue heralds only ctfied those who had Wit a 8014 f arirtocmcy of hopeful persons. _As these would not come, we read 4 Go vr the highways, and as many as ' ve «b»n TOiecc nana, but to all whom they mie-ht find Brethren, it is a grand thing when we get a clearer iSl a ons become, so that we are prepared to gospd. to every creature under Heaven b? sJSyVh tbeHeve,?and 18 baptised shall be saved, the more we may hope for large success. to' k?d a 111811 to look at himself, ybether there is anything in him which r5®0'1 practically hide the gospel irem him. H I preach up character unduly, so that enquires whether he has that i hl? eye mion himself ; and this is not 8houid aim at- H I go forth and gather as many as I find, both good and bad, Oien their thoihts are onthe banquet rather than on them- selves. We want men to look to Jesus, and therefore lTflTZ.' i let him take tiie water of hfe freely. When we get upon dear gospel lines, and keep there, we may expect to see the arm of the Dord revealed, and the wedding furnished with | guests; Again, the invitation was now given more publicly. They had dimply gone to the house of the invited guests, and said, 4 All tnings are ready; come.' But S:e setvallts to toe chief places of concourse ; and they cry aloud, and spare not among the crowds of men. One has gone to the market-cross ; another is preaching where tour ways meet. Hark to the voice of one upon the village green, and to "the songs of others via they traverse the back slum t Yon cannot now go along a street without hearing the news of the great , wedding feast. Many will be brought m when many are eagd to bring in. God is pleased to own the means which He hah Him self ordained. The more constant and public toe proclamation of the gospel becomes, the more numerously will men be saved through the Spirit of God. Then is the set time to favour Zion come. We- are not to hide our lamp under a bushel. He that kno ws the gospel should speak it out as plainly as he can, and let his voice be as the silver trumpets of jubilee, that every ear may hear. It came to piigg that the king's message was more widely made known, and thus ' the wedding was furnished with guests.' .Another matter assisted ; the servants were now. thoroughly aroused. I am sure I should have felt dreadfully agitated to see all those provisions J none coming to eat them. Think of the halls decorated, the cooks working day and night, the big fires burning, bullocks roasting, the wines on the lees set abroach, and yet no guests. It would have Worried me gTeatly, and you, too. You would have said It cannot be. it must not be, we cannot bear it, j The king, how sadly he must feel ! The good prince, how bitter it is for him ? The dear bride, What J must be her sadness when this great insult is put j upon her ! Here, I must fetch in some guests, or die j in the attempt.' I am sure we should have travelled j six ways at once if we could; we should have invited j with a thousand mouths if possible. Getting hold of 1 one man's coat and of another man's sleeve, we J should have compelled them to come in. This, also, 1 is the Lord's way of blessing mea. He arouses His own people, makes them sorrowful for the sins of the times, and tnen tney grow earnest ana troubled, and so they lay themselves out to snatch men as brands from the burning. ' As soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth her children.' _ The want of travailing causes the absence of conversion. "When we begin to sigh, and cry, and mourn, because the ways of God are forsaken, then our earnestness moves "the heart, both of God and man, and the guests come to the wedding. Again, the calamity of a wedding without guests was prevented by a eertain secret power which went with the messengers. We read fcb at they 4 gathered together all as many as "they found, both bad and good.' They did not merely invite tkeou but they gathered them in. Now people are not to be gathered in in great numbers all of a sudden, and led to a feast by mere words. Words are hut air. There is nothing in our words to make men come to Jesus unless the Lord works by them. Yet the guests did come in shoals.. An influence went with the words of those servants which drew the people together ; they could not wish to stay away ; they came gladly. Their wills were sweetly inclined, and they thronged tiie palace. Beloved, all the hope of our ministry lies in the Spirit of God operating upon the spirits of men. I want all the members of this church, to feel this more deeply and practically than ever. Donrt put trust iu toe preacher ; if he happen to be away, do not think that God is tied to him. Look for a bless ing unon the gospel itself whoever preaches it. H the Holy Ghost be with us we shall see thousands flock ing to Jesus. No sinner will ever come to Christ apart from the quickening, enlightening, drawing, converting power of the Holy Ghost, supcrnaturally exercised upon the conscience and heart. Let us be lieve this ; and next, let us be assured that the Spirit of God is with us, and let us then go foith with all boldness. To the stieet-corner, the cottage, the lodging- horse, 4he wayside, let us go forth and publish abroad the invitation of the great King : 'My oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready : come unto the marriage. Thus you have seen the outward means by which the Holy Spirit brings them to Jesus, and the wedding is furnished with, guests. IY. I close by noticing, in the fourth place, that in the end the feast was a glorious success. 4 The wedding was furnished with guests.' Guests are a part of the furniture of a wedding feast. You may pile on your gold and silver plate, hang up your banners, load your tables, and scuud your music ; but if you have no guests the feast is a failure. It is our solemn conviction tLat the Lord our God has never I failed yet, and that He never will fail. We believe that the Lord's eternal puipase will stxud, and that He will do all his pleasure. "We believe in no blind fate, but we trust in a predestination winch is full of eyes, which accomplishes its purpose to tie least jot and title. God's greatest work is redemp tion ; will He fail in it ? Salvation is the focus of His glory ; shall this be frustrated? If God. were to fail in connection with the cross, it would be a failure indeed ; God would be dishonoured, and His crown jewels cast into the mire. But it shall not be. Turn to the parable, and we find there were sufficient guests ; 4 the wedding was furnished with I guests.' There were so many guests as were necessary to the honour of the King, aud his Son, and his Bride. Oh yes, in the gathering up and consumma tion of all things, the wedding of the Lord Jesus will I be amply furnished with guests : 4 He shall see of. the travail of His soul, and shall be satisfied.' There will j be no disappointment to Christ ai the last great day. j Satan may whisper disaster and disappointment to us at this hour, and for the moment it may seem as if I the forces of darkness triumphed ; but the end is not J yet. The will of God, so full- of grace and mercy; I shall be accomplished, the preparations of grace shall be used, and the purpose of love fulfilled. As the I wedding was furnished with guests so shall heaven be filled with 4 a - number which no man can J number.' I The feast was more of a success than it would have J been had there been no opposition. The persons who I came to the wedding were more grateful than the first invited might have been if they had come, rihe j richer sort had a good "dinner every day. fnose 1 farmers could always kill a fat sheep ; and those I merchants could always buy a calf. 'Thank you for I nothiner, they would have said to -the king it they 1 had accepted his invitation. But these poor beggars 1 nieked off the streets, they had not . tasted meat tor months. - Their half-starved bodies welcomed tiie fatlings. How glad they were ! One of them said to the other, 4 It's a long time since you and I sat down to such a joint as this,' and the other answered, 1 can hardly believe that I am really id a palacedining with a king. _ Why, yesterday I begged all toe day, and only had twopence at night-. Longbve the km,, say I, and blessings on the prince and hs bride 1. warrant, they were thankful for subh a feast. They palfi it was an ill wind that blew nobody any ' fl>d> because their betters had refused to come, toerejwas now room for them. "When toe Lord savgreat i sinners, such as you and me, he wms warm heartsior Himself. When toe Lord saves unlikely ones, He gels unusi al thankfulness. When He brings m toe drunkard and the profane, the uactem and tiie hardened, and makes them pure and holy, and puts them among the children, what ?ts . The Pharisee may ask Christ to a cold dinner but it is the woman that was a ainner who rif feet with tears, and wipe them' with toeffiurs _of Lot head. If some of you moralists get saved— and God grant you may !— you will never proe the precmus I blood so much as those do who are washed by it from foulest stains. , ,, The joy that day was much more expressed thanit woffid ffifvebeen had others come. Thoselaffies and SeuSemen who were first invited, if toey hadcometo fhe wedding, would have seatedtt-emselvtoex ma very stiff aud r-ro\ <.r maiiuer.JjHear me, what a 4 ' - JL AuL jBJKJf tiling propriety is ! And yet, what ndeadtougit isl . One said to me the other day, 4 1 have gone to my , worship for" many years, and nobody ever .did speak to me that I know of, and nobody ever WJ& for We are all too respectable to know one .another. .You- jtnow the style of self- satisfied people. Amoi g sueh there is no cordiality, no freshness, no sweet naturalness. Did you ever atteud a breakfast or a dinner of beggars ? Did you ever see a company of very hungry people feeding -to their heart s content ? Tney win Ira & merry clatter ; toey are riot muzzled by propriety ; they are glad at toe sight of every dish. The Crown Prince was happier toat day among his poor subjects than he would have been among the grandees and the fashionables. Those paupers, those labourers, those tramps, those hedge- buds, those were toe fellows to make merry. To whom much is forgiven, the same loveth much. Up- " m heaven toey sing like the voice of many waters, and like great thunder, because: toey have been cleansed from many sins and have partaken' of great grace. Let the Pharisee and the moralist refuse toe gospel ; there are those about who, in" accepting it, will do it greater honour than their dull souls «»ilj ever rcn ler to it. Thus the wedding was furnishei with guests, who expressed their joy enthusiasti cally. How the provisions were relished! It does one good to see a hungry man eat his food. To him even every bitter thing is street. He does not turn over his rood and cut off every little bit of gristle, as-some - of you do because of your delicate pppetites. The true gospel hearer harkens to the text— 4 Eat ye that which is good, and let your sold delight itself in fete ness.' He does not act toecritic, and cavil at this expression . and that. He is too sharp-set to be particular about the dishes and the - carving. We marvel sometimes at toe capacity of hungry men ; there is no end to it ; and it is the same with spiritual as with natural hunger. I think I can tefi what happened at that wedding; the bride nudged toe bridegroom and said, 4 Se these poor people eat I Is . it not a pleasure to give one's oxen and fatlings where they are so much needed?' The bridgroom was as happy as he could be, for he was. of a sympathising heart, and he greatly rejoiced in toe Joy . of the poor; people around him. The king himself that day was gladdened as he saw what a gallant eompany .of trenchermen they were, and how there was no niggling, nor finding fault, but only unbroken en joyment and gratitude. The choicest' kind of guests had been collected if the object was to :give joy. Ah dear friends! if you have deepsense-of sin, you,will greatly love free grace and dying love. This is the lack of certain gentlemen who are always finding fault with the gospel ; they never knew their own state by nature and by practice, and therefore they do not prize salvatu n If they had felt a few lashes of toe ten-thonged whip of the law upon their bare consciences, they would relish gospel forgiveness far more. He that has been in the prison of conviction prizes blood-bought freedom. He that has felt the chains of sin values toe liberty wherewith Christ makes him free. So I say, that inasmuch as these poor creatures were brought in from toe streets, and their splendid appetites enjoyed the feast, the .wedding festival was no failure, but all the greater success, because of toe long's enemies. The wedding was furnished with guests— guests who en joyed the abundance provided by the King. Certainly, the oeea don became more famous than it Would otherwise have been. If toe feast had gone on as usual, it would have been only one among many such things ; but now this royal banquet was the only one of its land, unique, unparalleled. To gather m poor men off the streets, labouring men and iGle men, had men and good men, to the wedding of the Crown Prince— this was a new thing under toe sun. Eveiy- body talked of it. There were songs made about it, and these were sung in toe king's honour where none honoured kings before. In the kitchens, among toe servants, this wa3 a fine story to, tell by toe fireside, while Mary and Jane wished toey had been there to see. In every lodging-house for years to come this would be the favourite story— toe tale of . the poor man's prince, and the needy man's queen. On the exchange and in toe market men talked of the brave bride and bridegroom who had defied toe customs of fashion, and had done a deed so daring in its good ness. Was ever such a thing heard of before ? Here was a feast for men who never feasted before 1 feasible men said, And nothing could be better ; they were feeding those that wanted feeding ; they were giving good cheer to those who have little enough of it.' Among the poor themselves toe Prince's name was very famous, while the portrait of tiie Princess was nailed up over toe mantel-piece. Children said to one another, 4 My father went to the wedding of toe imperial prince.' To many it seemed likea stoiyout of the Arabian Nights. Itdidnot read likea piece of commonhistoryat all, butlikea fairy tale of toe age of gold. Heir friends, when the Lord saved some of us by his grace, it was no common event. "When he brought us great sinners to his feet, and washed us," and'clothed us, and fed us, and made us his own, it was a wonder to be talked of for ever and ever. We will never leave off praising his name throughout eternity. . , That which looked as though it would defame toe king turned out to liis honour, and 4 toe wedding was furnished with guests.' One thing more : toe king's liberality . was all the better seem If those who were first bidden had put in an appearance, they would have come arrayed in their own Scarlet and finelinen. Some of the gentled men would have bought a new suit on purpose. You ma y depend upon it, all .the cunning women in toe city would have'been employed to get their ladyships ready for the banquet, that they might have honour in the court that day. Now these fine clothes would have been more for the glory of those who "came in them, than for the honour of the king. There was nothing of this among those who were gathered from toe highways. They were in sorry gear. It was difficult, perhaps, in stme cases, to tell which was the original stuff of their garments, so patched and mended were they. Anyhow, they were a ragged regiment; and what was the consequence? Why, then they must all be dressed in toe prince's own livery, and all the glory of their apparel must be unto him. He said to his servants, ' Go to my wardrobe. Bring forth changes of raiment.' Everyone that came in to the feast was invited to put on the king's wedding garments. When he came in to see the guests, it was a grand sight, for everybody was royally arrayed. The long's wedding robes were ( much better than Lis subjects' test suits. It was a grand sight to see so many all in cne royal livery ; every guest wearing too uniform of mercy. So it is with us poor sinners, saved by grace. If we had possessed any true righteousness of our own we s h )uld have worn: it ; but now we count our own righteousness but dross and dung that -we may win Christ and be found in him. His righteousness decorates all toe saints ; they cauld not be better arrayed. How I wish that I could gather in many this morn ing,. both bad and good ! I mean by good, those who are-comparai ively so as to their moral conduct. You are bidden to come to the wedding-feast of love. But even if you are bad, and obliged to own that you are so, I am equally anxious to gather youin to toe feast. Do you ask me: What are we to do? What were these persons to do ? To come just astoey were, and freely- receive what the king had freely provided. Sometimes at our treats for Sunday-school children every child is told to bring his own mag and plate ; but it is not so with our great King. His banquet is too royal for that. You are to bring nothing. Still, everybedy must go home and wash, must he not? No, the washing and the clothing shall all be done for you at the King's palace. Come as you are. ' But what do you mean by coming ?' We mean trusting ; trust your sor 1 with Jesus Christ, and He will save it. Trust-H'm, and you shall know that He died in your room, place, and stead, so that, believing in Him, you shall not per'sY, but bave everlasting life. May toe Holv Spirit lead you to believe in Jesus, that is, trust I have told you toe gospel, and tbe whole of it. Trust the crucified Saviour, and you shall live. Jesus says, 4 Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth.' Donot look within to see what is there, but look to Jesus hanging on the cross. A- look ai Christ crucified will Bave you. Look, dear girls, "young as you are, look to Jesus now ! Look, ye grey- heeded men and.. women.. who have never looked before; Look now I . Strangers and -foreigners, who have not heard this word before, there is fife in a look at the Crucified One for _ you! ..Yc. guiltiest of the guilty, and ye most "amiable of the amiable, turn away from anything there is in yourselves, bad or good, and look to Jesus only. - Receive from Jesus all he brings you— pardon, righteousness, sanctiiica- tion, redemption, himself. He that comes to a wedding feast bus nothing to do but to eat and to drink. Give your mind up to this delightful exercise. Take toe food which God provides you. You shall do good works afterwards, for they will follow as a consequence of toe sfce igto which comes of receiving heavenly food through faith; but just now eat, drink, be merry, as becomes a prince's marriage. May the Father be pleased, His Son be honoured, and his church be comforted through you! Amen, and Amen, 