to T“ x*wi|A*snini:; eMBORjtE, ax» iHACKIIO\ ADTOCATK." • TU-E.WAY, MARCH SO, 1889. MAKING. A CHOICE. •The electors have now had an oppor tunity of hearing the views of the several' candidates contesting the Kvneton seat, and should be able to judge therefrom, and from personal knowledge of the as pirants, as to which one it would be advisable'to return to Parliament. \- Ata period like this, when the advance ment or retrogression of a district is at stake, .when'the whole colony is. directly interested in securing as a legislator, the best man offering for each seat, it is ex .pected,.that .-.fair ;and: honest criticism: should; be ; exercised, • and we have exercised that privilege in a con scientious spirit. We have made no personal attack on any of the candidates, buthave dealt with them in their public ■and political capacity, as ~ we were thoroughly entitled to do. Relieving one .candidate to be better than his opponents, we did not indulge in any rail sitting over the matter, but worked openly in support of our opinion. There were some who opined that a fearless bearing on this subject would injure the Woodkxd Star among those who dif fered front it. ..To this we reply that if the Staii’s success' depends upon the relin quishing of-its independence upon an occasion fraught with such importance as a general election—the .•result of which ma}' make or mar district and eolony alike-then someone else will run the paper; If w* could not get a living without , cringing and crawling, then wc woiihl'give up the journalistic ghost. But we'know that it is otherwise. We do not deny' independence of opinion in others, iind we are confident—a narrow-minded crbnker : or two notwithstanding—that the community at large are equally liberal minded in this respect. The electors have the , m ittor of selection entirely in their hands; and if every vote recorded represents the honest, unfettered, and unbiassed convic tion . of the elector who polls—if every •elector considers the general welfare o'f- his district and ,his colony—we are eonfidentothat the result will be the return of Mr. II. 1); McKenzie, who, as an.able speaker, a br'sk business man, and otic thoroughly in touch-with current polities, wilLinake (t.rcpfeseiitative.worthyv •of. Ins .’district, and. o.f ..Victoria. .;•• • 