7 FICTION. From KngtUti, Aiiierlrnii. mid oilier PerïmHcali. m msaTajâm HOLLOW, . [BY CAPTAIN R. M. HAWTHORNE.] CHAPTER XXIX.-(Continued.) Myrtle's mother had died when she waa a mere infant, and, like her betrothed, she was never blessed with brother or sister, but the devoted father had taken the place of all three, and never ?was there a better father in the whole wide world. She recalled that he had never spoken an unkind ?word to her, and she had never brought a pang to his heart. Indeed how could she do so ? "Much as I love Clyde," Bbe reflected, " I could never be happy with him if papa was unwilling, hut he is willing," she added, with a sweet thrill, "and I wonder whether there ever can be two persons that will be as blessed as Clyde and I, when that happy day comes !" And the delighted maiden fairly hugged herself in the luxury of the picture that presented itself to her as it had done scores of times before. " Wliy, papa ?" She raised berhead with a slight laugh, for in the dim light she was sure she saw her parent oppn his eyes and move his lips as if about to speak. But lie made no answer, and she shrank back, concluding that if she was not mistaken it was an involuntary act on the part of her parent, whom ehe would not disturb by further questions. Wearied at last with looking upon the dear countenance as dimly shown in the partial light, Myrtle's own senses gradually forsook her, and she too passed off into the mysterious land of dreams and forgetfulneBs. When she opened her eyes the morning sun was shining in the library, the tiny gas jet being . invisible in the fuller glare of the daylight. She Irfoked about her, and the first fact that attracted notice was the absence of her father. The -easy reclining chair was in the position laßt seen by her, but was now empty. Rising from the lounge, she walked to the hall door with the in- tention of ipassing to her own apartment, but was surprised to find the door locked. The key, how- ever, was there, and turning, she was in the act of crossing to her room, when she heard her father -ascending the stairs at the end of the hall. Without waiting to greet him, she passed out of sight, hastily completed her toilet, and then ro turned to kiss him good morning, and to chat a few . minutes before descending to breakfast. "You must excuse me for leaving you alone all night," he remarked, after returning her greeting, " for I had no intention of doing so, but I was kept away on some curious business." " It is hardly proper to say that you were gone all nigb.t,"'ïeplied Myrtle, still sitting on his knee, '' for we were together a good deal of the'.time." "I dod"t understand you," said the puzzled father. ' . "^ " What is there so difficult to understand in my words ? I was with you in the library until after midnight ; after I fell asleep on the lounge yon must have awakened in your reclining chair and gone out, staying until a few minutes ago." " Myrtle," said her father, pushing her off hie knee aad holding her around in front, so that he . could look fully in her face, " I went out of this house last evening just after dusk aad never set foot inside of it again until fifteen minuUs ago." As may be supposed, it waa Myrtle's turn to be astounded. For one minute, she believed her father was jesting, but such a jost was contrary to his nature. Then she rocalled her strange ex- perience in her own apartments before entering the library. ' " Whort can it all mean ?" she said partly to herself and partly to him. " It ÍB in older for you to explain," he remarked with a Bmile, unsuspicious ot the entire truth. Thereupon Myrtle told the story that has already been related to the reader, the general leaping to his feet in no little excitement on its conclusion. " There's some deeper deviltry than we suspect going on. Where were your eyea and senses, Myrtle, that you could mistake another person for ?me ?" " It passes my comprehension, but baa you seen any one bearing such a close resemblance to mc, you would have been sure that it was I. I cannot understand it. And only to think," she added, .with a shudder, "that factually kissed his fore- head ! Oh, it is too bad !" . Covering heir face she cried with vexation. "The scoundrel!" exclaimed Gen. Grandin, striding up and down the library and brandishing his cane, " if I had him here I would break every bone in hiä body, and do you know," hedemanded, facing suddenly about and glaring at her, *' that .wretch was in your apartments, that he actually dared to open your door, and that you were in this room-this library alone with him t" " O, papa," she begged, " say no more or I will die of humiliation." " When you fancied you saw him open his eyes, he did open them, and I suppose grinned clear down to his boots to think of the ¿rick he was playing on you." For several minutes the general was too furious to keep still or to speak with reason. He strode np and down the room, while Myrtle shed tears, and then, with that singular reaction which often comes over a person in the most serious situation, j she threw bock her head and laughed merrily. " Why shouldn't he smile ! Was there ever a keener trick played upon any person ?" " I snppose, said the general, struck by the grim humour of the situation, " that if he and I had ' happened to arrive at the same time last night he would have kicked mo out of the house as an in- j trader, and yon would have indorsed his senti- j ments-but hold !" added the parent, " the performance of that fellow may strike him and us as very funny, but he didn't do it for fnn alone. ^Vhat about the diamond ?" . j Not until that moment had either thought of the inestimable jewel. Father and daughter hastened to the room of the latter, and Myrtle drew open the bureau, where sht had plaeed it before retiring. A single second was enough to tell the truth. The great gem had been stolen, and the main purport of that strange visit was thus ma,do plain. CHAPTER XXX. SP. AWING THE LINES. Perry F, Meyer, the detective, consumed the better part of a week in gaining the information about the visit of Nicholas Phawmet to this country, during the previous spring. Indeed it was not until the close of the week that he established beyond question that that worthy under the carious name of Skarrat Yattaw had made such a visit, extending his travels to Chicago, and, going back to England, had returned once more to his native land under his own proper name. It will be understood, therefore, that Myrtle Grandin's intention of telling him about tho great diamond which her cousin had presented to her was necessarily postponed, until after the detective finished his business in the metropolis. All that she could do wa3 to content her soul in patience until he chose to present himself. She visited the gaol regularly, where she was allowed to hold her delightful interviews with her betrothed. Clyde Dillingham couldnot fail to beinspirated by her presence, though he felt a certain misgiving as the days slipped by and nothing was6een nor heard of the detective upon whose shoulders it? may be said the chief burden of his vindication rested. The good mother of the prisoner was never weary of seeing her beloved boy, and her beautiful faith in his final triumph was a sight that touched all. Finally, when Myrtle began to feel some uneasi- ness over the prolonged absence of Meyer, that gentleman presented himself and was cordially received by Gen. Grandin and his daughter. Myrtle had recmsidered her decision to withhold from her father the facts about the present from Nicholas Phawmet. She had always made a confi- dant of her parent, and could not bear the thought of keeping him in the dark concerning anything. As she anticipated, he was furious, and insisted on caning his nephew, but he allowed Myrtle to persuade him of the possibility of a mistake, and ?consented to await the decision of their friend Mr. Meyer, who fortunately called on them the very .evening before the diamond w,as stolen. It need not be said that the latter gentleman was .astonished when the incident of Phawmet's visit ?was told him, and he took the superb jewel in his hand. He inspected it with a great deal of admiration) and turned it over and over, as did Clyde Dilling ham wheu the Southern Cross was submitted to his gaze. "Do you be'ieve that is the original diamond which was in the collection the miner took to the bank ?" asked Gen. Grandin. "I suspect it is the same; but I ara not an expert. I have been admiring a lot of imitation stones, under the belief that they were brilliants, and would have continued to admire thom if Mr. Waring had not shown me my mistake." " There must be thousands of diamonds without any appreciable difference," remarked Myrtle. " Undoubtedly j but fifty-carat brilliants are not numbered by the thousands nor hundreds, nor are such splendid stones as the chief one of the Southern Cross often duplicated." " Then, before passing judgment upon that, the first step is to have it e«amined by Mr. Waring, the expert," suggested Gen. Grandin. " Of course and that will have to be done by day- light; I will call to- morrow, and with your per- mission, submit it to him." , " Have you seen your cousin, Miss Grandin, since he presented this to you ?" " He was here last night after a visit to New York, and I asked him a great many things about the diamond, but I did not get much information After considerable questioning, he said that he bought it a couple of months ago in Amsterdam." " He must have paid an immense price ? " I could not ask to him to name the cost, but» from his story, I judge that he gave only a frac- tional part of its value. A nobleman was in such urgent need of funds that he offered it for a song as compared with its actual worth. It seems that the nobleman's wife had run off with some other model nobleman, and the wronged husband having followed them to Amsterdam, found himself with- out funds. He could easily procure all he wanted through an hour's delay, but that would have given the fugitives a fatal start. " Well it was my cousin's good fortune to meet the needs of the halt frantic individual, and by that means he procured the diamond. He did not have itset in a ring or ear-ring, for it is too large for that, but he brought it home, just as it is, and presented it to me as you see it, leaving to me the choice of the form in which it is to be mounted. " Did you question him further ?" " Yes , though you will see that there was really little to ask him, and I gained no more know- ledge." "Miss Grandin," said the detective, with a meaning smile, " do you credit what he told you ?" "Sometimes I do and sometimes I have my doubts." " I am afraid that I shall always have ray doubts. J "Let me ask you whether you believe that my cousin, if he was concerned in the theft of this dia- mond, would have dared to bring it back here and present it to me." " It is never safe to pronounce upon that which any man daie do ; the most daring and unexpected is what you must be prepared for. At present I do not see why Mr. Phawmet should have any cause for personal fear in such a course." " If my cousin had been in this country at the time tho crime was committed I could not help be- lieving that he had a hand iu it." " He icos in America at the time Max Crumm was killed." " TF7iai ?" exclaimed Gen. Grandin almost spring- ing from his chair in his excitement, " are you sure of that?" .\ / " It took me the better part of a week tff estab- lish the fact, and when I did so there was no'1 room for doubt j but hold on, general, you must keep cool and leave the management of this business to me, or it will all bo spoiled." , " The scoundrel ! If I find he was the one who was at the bottom of this, I won't wait for the iaw to take its course." " Restrain yourself. But, Miss Grandin, you do not seem surprised," remarked the detective, turn- ing toward her. "I am not surprised. Last evening, while we were talking of nothing in particular, my cousin described an incident which he witnessed in Chi- I cago, and which I happened to l«ow took place laBt Bpring." " Did you remark upon it ?" j " I thought it best not to do so." " I commend your prudence. It ia wisest always l.o keep your own counsel. What a splendid detec- tive you would make !" CHAPTER XXXI. " HE'S MY MAN !" It was during the night following the interview just described that Myrtle met with her strange adventure and the enormous diamond waa stolen from the bureau in her bedroom. They bad not yet recovered from their amaze- ment, and were sitting at the breakfast table, when Mr. Meyer called and by invitation joined them in the dining-room, he having partaken before his call. " I'm after the diamond," he explained, " to sub- mit to the expert down the street." " I'm afraid we shall have fco postpone that ex- hibition," said Gen. Grandin, who thereupon told the whole remarkable story. As may well be supposed, the detective was amazed. "Understand," added Gen. Grandin, "that I don't believe in the ghost business. There is noth- ing supernatural about it. Given a shrewd, cunning and lucky rascal and an unsuspicious if not a stupid young lady, and there is no telling whore the wonders will end." " I cannot admit that there was any stupid lady in this case," added Meyer warmly while Myrtle laughed, aa they adjourned to the sitting-room. " Of course," added Meyer, " this wonderful rascal waa after the diamond and nothing else." " It is hard to explain some of his movements on that theory," said Gen. Grandin, " for it lay in the upper drawer of my daughter's room, seemingly the first place where a thief would have looked for it." " And for that reason the last place." " Then why did he put out the gas, why make himself up to resemble me, why stretch back in the redlining chair, and why, indeed, do a dozen other incomprehensible things ?" "His purpose in counterfeiting you was plain enough ; if seen by your daughter, she would not bo alarmed to discover her father in her room. My belief is that he found the diamond the first time he made the search. After that, in what might be called pure wantonness, he amused himself at the expense of Miss Grandin. The blowing on her face, the turning off of the gas, and the assumption of the character of Gen. Grandin, were all after- thoughts following the unexpected promptness in finding the diamond for which he probably ex- pected to make a long search." " And if any person was warranted in laughing over his success it was the same individual." " There can be no doubt that he has extracted all the mirth he wanted, but," added Meyer, who had learned the value of time, "this incident has a very serioua side." "I feel that," remarked Myrtle, with a shrug of her shapely shoulders; "ugh! to think that I should have kissed him as he lay in the chair, never once dreaming that it could be any one else but papa." " The diamond is stolon," said the General more thoughtfully, "and a burglar has been in my house. Who was he ? To my mind, there is only one person in the world capable of playing the part that he did." And that is the gentleman who persuaded Gov, Forrester to respite Clyde Dillingham a second time." The general gravely inclined his head. " But it could not have been he." " And whv not ?" « I observed him sitting on the front porch of the hotel at midnight, and heard others say he was there until 3 this morning, smoking and talking most of the time with a tall, dark-complexioned man whom he called ' Phosh.' " "That knocks our theory to smithereens," re- plied the general, " and I am glad of it, for I hold an exalted opinion of that young man which it would grieve me to change. But that leaves the mystery deeper than ever." " Yes, it is not very pleasant to reflect upon, but the incident, I am sure, will bo found interwoven with the others that we are following up. Now, with your consent, I will step to the front of the house, where I can watch the street without being seen. The burglar, or some one who knows of it, will be likely to paBS back and forth with a view of reconnoitering. If he should find that anyone was one the lookout, he would be sure to keep out of sight." ( Father and daughter remained in the sitting room, while the detective walked to the parlor, where, stationing himself behind one of the heavy curtains, he obtained a view of the street outside. His success was better than he anticipated. The house of Gen. Grandin stood on the main street, and persons were continually passing in front of it, as business or inclination called them. Almost the first one whom the officer observed was the tall man whom he Baw sitting at the front of the hotel, holding converse with Harold Dawson, the evening before, and who was addressed by the name of " Phosh." He was strolling along in a languid fashion, swinging his cane, smoking a cigar, and evidently interested in nothing in particular. He paid no attention to the house until almost beyond sight, wken he deliberately looked across, as if struck with admiration for the handsome residence. He slackened his gait without stopping, and the next moment vanished from sight. Within the next ten minutes he came back, this time on the same side of the street with the house itself. He was walking rapidly, like a man keeping a business engagement, but he glanced so search iugly at the lower and upper windows, that the watcher shrank back, fearing he would be seen. A quarter of an hour now passed before he again appeared, this time strolling as aimlessly as at firBt, and with an indifferent survey of the structure. Evidently he had come to the conclusion that there waa no need of extra caution, and he made hip survey complete enough to satisfy what- ever curiosity he might feel. " He's my man," was the conclusion of Perry F. Meyer, as he joined his friends in the sitting-room. (To be continued.) 