Gritjurk. By E. H. " You don't mean to say that you believe in ghosts and that sort of thing, Will ?" and the P speaker leaned forward to scan his companion'. h features in search of some expression in denial h of such a belief; but the ruddy. glow of the d burning wood shone on a clear, honest, coura- g geous face, wbhose owner simply replied by ' asking- a "Why not ?" The two men were seated beside a bush fire, on a night in the second week of a December some years ago; and, although it was mid-um n mer, the southerly wind, which had sat in r towards evening, felt quite cold after the ex- . cessive heat of the day, and. wool being plenti ful in their vicinity, they kept up the blaze long a after the billy of tea had been boiled and their P mutton cooked on the coals. Will Murdoch and Alf.. Handyside were iravelling together f r companionship sake, r'' their destinations lay in the same direction, and e they had now entered well into the Wes'ern d District of Victoria. They had known each other intimately on the diggings, b.th atBee'h worth and Bendigo. and they felt perfectly safe ti as they journeyed together th-ough the solit-ry wilds, camping one night here and another tl night there, always choosing a locality where .water could be obtained. 0 And now, on this 11th December, thaey had d made their resting place on the -isle of a w ded a slope which stretched down to the Glenelg river, T whose waters flow in some par's in- rip-.ling shallows, and in o'hers lie in dark pools, whose to black depths suggest hidden h ,rrors even on n the sunnii st of days. b "Oh ! becau'e," said Alf. Ha dys'd', "you o know there can'tbe anything of the kind. Only ti children and weak-minded women believe in ap- d pearances and all that rubbish," and the 'peaker d ended with a merry, incredulous lIsus!. t "Just as you I ke, mate," Wilt rep':ed; "but I could tell you something thatwo Id c make even you come v ry newr to be'ieiing in f the reappearance of the dead." P "Then fire away, Will. I am just in the n humor for a rattling go d gh Est st"rv." So c saying, Alf. leaned back with his head against C the tree near which he sat, and thui waited in a t sort of amused exvectation for his companion a to begin. But Will sat gazing wistfully into e the fire as if he were making a mental journey g into the past, and seemed for the moment quite n oblivious of his surroundings. 6 The two men formed a striking pi ture as the t light of the log fire fell upon thim and ca t giant shadows out into the darkne.s, and shed a weird glimmering here and there among the tough grass and athwart the trunks of patri. archal trees, covered with dangling st' p' of bark that fluttered like rags in the night breeze Alf. Handyside was of slender mak', and of I medium height, with a fair complexion and grey I eyes, and those slightly projecting eyebroxs which not infrequently besp-ak a seeptical turn of mind. Will Murdoch, on the other hand, was tall and of a powerful physique, with da-k-brown hair, and eyes to match, "Eyes soft and tender As a woman's, in the splendour Of her maidenhood." After a few moments' reflection, Will ro s-d himself and commenced thus: "You know that i am not a stranger in these parts. In fact, there are a number of home steads in this district where I would be more than welcome to my supper and a night's lodg ing at least; but I prefer camping out in fine weather, even when travelling alone; but it is much more pleasant with good companionship, such as I have found in you, Alf.; and I hope it is not the last time we shill journey to gether." "Amen, Will," was the hearty rejoinder. "'-Now, then to begin in earnest. It was on the occasion of' one of my trips through here, two years ago, that I encamped one atternoon a few miles farther down the river and about six miles from Gritjurk. Having tethered my horse, I prepared to make a fire, and very sorn the sticks were crackling and blazing under the billy which hung above, suspended as usual from a forked sapling of green gum. By the time I had turned out my damper and some cold mutton, the water was boiling, so I brewed my tea and sat down to enjoy it. Shortly afterwards my horse began whining and I kept looking around in the expeetat on of seeing some stockmen or stray cat le or some thing, but nothing came in sight-nothing was visible save the wild forest trees . nd the(Glenelg river, whose bed was dry in same p aces, but ini others lay in deep pools. One, deeper and blacker than the others, lay just at the bottom, in a line with my camping ground. I had -in tended to take a short rest, and then push on to Gritjurk, which, as I have said. was only six miles farther on; but somehow a heavy drowsiness came over me before I had wBll finished my rustic meal. This I accounted for by the fact that I had done a hard day's riding, and the weather was very hot; it was in Decem ber, just three days b:fo:e Christmas. Glancing around again, I made up my mind to make myself comfortable till the morning, and by the time my few arrangements were made includ ing the tethering of my horse in a fresh p'ace and where he could just reach the water pool, the shadows had lengthened considerably, and by and bye the sun set altogether. "There was not a breath of wind the even ing was decidedly sultry, and as the twilight deepened a dense gloom seemed to gather around the place, and at length the intense stillness be gan to weigh on me in a manner that I had neverbefore experienced. No sound could be heard excepting the rcstless movements of my horse; the spot seemed utterly deserted by man and beast; I had not even seen a parrakec-t all the houems I had been there. "Presently'the moon arose suddenly from be hind a belt ot timber, and the firsat glimpse of her big, round, luminous body gave me a gleam of pleasure, but I soon felt that her beams only made the surrounding scene look doubly weird and gloomy. I was vexed with myself tor feel ing so oat of sorts, and resolved to lie down and sleep it off, wishing all the time that next morn ing was come, or that I .had gone forward in steadbfstaying in that unearthly spot. I had scarcely settled myself when a desire to face the river seized me; so, turning over. I lay awake for a long time, scarcely taking my eyes off the dark pool that lay black in the bright moonlight. It would be hard for me to sty how.many hours had thus passcd awaywhen, at last wearied out, 1 began to doze off; but it only seemed forty winks when, awakening with a start? I looked towar ds the river, and what do you think I saw there? A man in dark pants, with a light YoUNG DE BUNGYBUNG-" Bai Jove Ino parasol. I'll offer her mine. Does so. She accepts. (N.B.-It cost fifteen and sixpence.) colored shirt, no vest or coat. I could even see a his braces at that short distance. He was sitting ji on the bank of the river, and, Feing anxious about my horse, but not in the least?itlTd¶--- -o, p all my queer feelings and sensations were gone- a I turned my eyes in his direction. Yes, there he h stood, stock still, with his head towards the h pool. I turned my eyes again on the man and a at that instant he arose and began to ascend the g slope, coming straight for my camp. I felt for my revolver, put it ready to my hand should it f be required, and, slowly rising myself to a sitting a posture, I awaited his approach. On he came, slowly and steadily in the light of the brilliant r moon, but his foot ens made no sound: not a ol blade of grass rustled, not a twig cracked, not a pebble was displaced, as he advanced towards me, and at length he st od not a yard away. I tl had had ample time to scan his features as he drew near, and I observed that his face was w ghastly white, and his.greyi h hair was dripping e with water, and he kept his left hand pressed against his breast just below the throat. He spoke not and I forced my tongue to say "' Who or what are you ?" and he pointed with his- right band towards the river, and beckoned me to go down there, Then he commenced to retrace his steps, looking back every now and again to beckon' me to follow. But I could not move. Certainly I felt no incination to try, and when, after having reached the brink of ttie pool and standing beckoning me to come for several moments, I saw him begin to reascend the slope-a sensation of horror and dismay oijrd me, the intensity of which increased every . moment, as the weird looking figure drew nearer. But there was no ccasson for any physical fear of su-h s le for he simply weint through the ascent and descent thiree times, ancompanying each turn with. dumb en t-caties for me to follow On his last return to the water ho!e I fancied that he l,.oked on me with an expression of ansuished reproach, and. on reaching the edge he plunged into its depth. A wild ahriek rent the air, the only sound I had heard in all that dismal place. Then all was still snd silent as the grave, ex crti, g.that my hhrse at that momep broke his tether and came rushing past the camp. I managed to catch him and laste: ed him elo e by tilh mornint, the morning tbha ste ned so f r off. Soon a'ter this the moon went dawn and then followed an interm natle period of grey d irkness, but at le ýgth the first stroke of rosy dawn appeared, and never before nor since has the morning light bee mor . welcome to elaied marn tlian that b'esad sun.ise was to me. I coull not mike up my mind to g' to the po)l fr water to n .ke my. tea for braikfast so 1 packed up and mount' d, and, after a ride of nearly two hours-my h rse ?was not in the be t condition-we reach' d the hospitabln do ir of Gritiurk just a- the first brenkl.ist wa- pi.t on the table. After-the usual am ,unt of handshaking, and partaking of bonie acceptable refreshment, and telling the latest news f.o:n far off Bendigo goldfields, I went and lay down for t ýyiile, re marking, before I did a i, that I wante i a sleep badly, as my quarters the night berare were any thing but pleasant. "' You cmuldn't have beau far away,' Mrs. Astley said. ' Why didn't you come herp?' "'Oh!. I got 'bewitchod, spellb mud, saw a g'iost an I couldn't get along.' "' Telll us all about it, Mr. Murdocr,' cried Mary Astley, and the younger si.ters and biothers crowded raund to h ar about the ghost. . "'Not npw,' I made answer. ' In the evening will be better, when I come back fro in fall's fa m. I am go'ng there after I have a rest.' "* Just skedaddle, you youngste-s. 'an't you sea that Mr. Murdoch is too tired to be bothered with you?' This conomand from their father made all the little folks uinn off on their pleasure or their business for the time being. "' As soon as supper was over in the evening and all had gathered round the table, when the various occupations of knitting, sewing, and a homely game of cards, were the order of the hours between supper and bed, I was celled upon for my experiences of the former night. "'I suppose you met with the bunyip, Mr. Murdoch, said Mary, laughing. " ' Worse than a bunyip.' "' Worse than a bunyip,' cried the smaller boys. 'Oh! I say.' " I was terribly in earnest about it all, and felt much annoyed when my zeci'al was received with merry, incredulous laughter, and when Mary looked at me with her laughing blue eyes, and clapped her hands in the exuberance of her mirth at the idea of me thinking it wssanything but a dream, I can tell you 1 felt mad enough tojump into the black pool of the Glenelg river myself. Mr. Astley's 'Well, Will Murdoch, I would never have thought that you, of all men, would be such a fool,' and similar remarks from the elder sons, were quite lost on me ; but I felt so grieved and wild that Mary should think I had been token in with a disturbed dream, or that I had been making it all up, as some of them hinted, that I d4 not care for anything else. "'Well,' I said, commanding uy temper as well as I could, 'let us investigate the a~gir; it is only six mile??s from here. We can easily ride over and see the place to-morrow afternoon, and those who choose can stay all night and test my statements.' " ' Most of us have ridden over the same spot often by daylight,' Mr. Astley remarked, 'and it i.s not very far; besides, Maryand the Mfssus would ike some of the mistletoes that grow somewhere near there; so you had better make up a party for to- morrow and go and enjoy you - selves.' "And so we did, in this wisee-'The horses were ready at half-past three; and seven of. us started on the ride, .namely, three young Astleys, Mary Astley, M!ss Gatenb; (who acted es governess to the young folks at Gritjurk), myselt, and one of the station hands, to assist in carrying home the mistletoe boueg~ls All of the party excepting myself were iu ,the highest spirits, and even I leflt grim pleasire i re. visiting the uncanny spot in t'ne company of others. As we drew near the place, I f Jt a sort of awe, and would have ridden gently, but you know how youths and girls brought up in the bush tear along when they are oit on what they consider a frolic; so these young Astleys-all three were over twenty.-two years of age- he girls and the man behind them, with myself in close company, wont at a hard ,cnter along the slope and pulled up quite suddenlyat the brink of the water-hole. ' Whether it was the trsas of the horse-' hoofs that shook the earthj, and cawsed commotion in the water or some other ca.se, .eaDnot tell, but at the moment we reached the edge of the pool a man's body, head upwards, rose two feet.it of the water, teen slowly turning over full length, floated on the top of the pool.? The lody was dressed in dark pants, a light- colored sh rt, and woollen braces of mni?ed colors. The horse', staitled almost en much as their riders, would have rushed from the spot had they not been kept well in hand. [ looked at Mary: her horrified gaze was fi~ced on the mn-igb:ly object, so I laid my hand on her bridle and led her horse up the alope. Tom Astley, following my e ample- brought Miss Gatenby awsy from the hmorid sight. The s'?aion hind and the other btys dreagged the body o to .the bank. On ex - amination they found a deep wound on the chest jua, btloiv the neck; the unfortunate creature ed-to .hav~e'ben dad-for'bom Umre.'Thbey plated the budy in a deep hallow near the river, and scraped a quantity of earth, dry grass, and loose rubbish ov'r it. then covere n all with a heap of boughs, and there it will propably lie, and the murdirer remain undiscovered, till that great day when all secrets will be made known. "We didn't take home the mistletoe boughs, for we felt that anything from that locality wou'd bring the unholy spot toovividly to mind. The same evening, however, we took a moonlight ramble in another direction, and gathered plenty of green stuff for the Caristmas decorations. " Now, Alf., what do you think it was I saw that night when encamped by the river alone ?" "Mighty queer. wasn't it, Will. .I don't wonder at you feeling out of sorts. Did you ever camp there since ?" "Never! I always keep c:ear of the place." After a few minutes' silence, during which Will threw a few more pieces of woad on the fire, he resumed: "' I've a mind to tell you, Alf., that I have been keeping my eye on Mary Astley ever since that CIhristipastilo, now two years agn. 'I would have liked to speak thep, but I knew that the Astleys expected Mary to: mar'ry arlch-niso;so I said nothing. Twice last year and once since I have travelled this route to Gzitjurk more for the purpose of seeing Mary than for all the busi ness I wanted to do. When I was here last Christmas Mrs. Astley had a doctor from one of the townships coming backwards and forwards to the place, and she had set ler heart on Mary marrying him, not that he was wealthy, but site thinks a doctor is always somebody. Well, doctor or no dcctor, I told thefather the state of my affeations and let him know that I had m'ans to justify my asking for Mary. He was well enough please4, ancd pf course &fary; and I had vowed eternal fidelity ldng before that; but the mother was loth to give ilp 'her pet plan. Now I am going there to claim my bride, and we'll be marri'd wbethe: Mrs. Aýtley likes it or no." 4lf. Handysidle reached f,rward, and grasp ing hip friend's hand in a strong clasp, said earnestly, "I wish yop success, Will, with all my jieart." "Thanks. Now let ps turn in, I hope 0 in. troduca you at Gritjurk to-morrow. Just think, I haven't seen her since June." Tue two friends arrived at Mr. Astley's home. stiad about 12 o'clock on the following day and were hospi'ably received, .lf. Handyside being thoroughly wekome for Will Murdoch's sake. All were delighted to see Will, f?fr he was a special fpvorite with the whole householl ; even rs, Astey, although shle had in a manner op posi his Wpiio ?'tth -Mary, welcomed him, the more particularly now' that she hkd learned of the growing Wealth of yJung Murdoch, who bad been more than usually suýcesd!mal during the past six months, ahd was now Lich entough to buy the adjoining station, which happeutd to be for sale just then. 'So the men folks were busy looking at the estale and arranging the purchase, and the women folks were quite as busy preparing for the Christmas festivities, and the wedding which was to follor. The days flew by faster than they ev'er hgd done before. Among the other amusements, Alf., Will, and Miss Gatenby, with the assistance of Marv and Tom, got upan entertainment in the woolshed, to which ev y man, woman, and child on the estate received an invitatim. Everything went off to the saiifaction of the performers and th. extreme delight of the audience. The weddihg was quiet, pretty, and happy. Will and Mt'y rove over to their owia place shortly after'fthe ceremony, leaving the other., to do all the merrymaking. Three mrnths later, in the autumn, Tom Astley had made hiinelf a home aboit tea miles'soutl, of Gritjurk, and Miss Gatenby went to share it with him. Alf. HandyBlde went back to th. ditaings, but he did not stay long. For in less than a year he returned West. He ,had been'a success ful digger, so he cane back to invest his wealth in land and sheep, and he settled down as a sheep-farmer not twenty miles from Will Mur doch's homestead. 