[?] Castle Penmere was a twofold edifice. One portion was feudal, authentic, historical, and uncomfortable ; the other had been re built, after a large fire, by the father of the present owner, Lord Penmere, who had simply given orders to his architect to carry out the idea of the primitive architecture, and allowed trim -to execute it after his own will. The result had been that two new turrets matched the two old ones that mullioned > windows and battlements of modern stones were joined with the antique battlements and windows ; that, externally, the restored parts had never ceased to. look Kke an impertinent parody of the first ; and that internally, and for all purposes of habitation and comfort, they were immeasurably superior. The four turrets of Castle Penmere as it now stood were placed in communication with each other, on the first story, by long arched corridors, on which the principal bed chambers opened, surrounding a large square hall lit from the roof, by whicli access was gained, on the one ride, to the saloons and reception rooms of the new wing, on the other, to the armoury, guara-room, aisuseu cuapci, and other interesting features of the old keep. Above the latter the space had been made available for secondary apartments, which were once the nurseries of the numerous olive- branches of the Penmere household, "and more lately had been given up to Cyril Penmere, the youngest boy, and his tutor, Mr. Fair field. Thearchitecturalparody, somewhat deserted in spring and summer, received a goodly company during the autumn and winter months, and the Castle was' then as bright and cheerful as it was severely dull at other times. f -Lord and Lady Penmere had condemned themselves to live nearly the whole year round on their estates in Cumberland, so as to be better able to provide for the establish ment of their sons and daughters on their limited means. They had succeeded, not without much management, some disappoint ments, and a great expenditure of diplomacy. The daughters had married well — some for rank, others for money, exceptionally one for love. The sons had gone out into the world, and done bravely in the Army, the Church, the Colonies ; on orange and cattle ranges, or tea -growing at Assam ; the heir, ' better still by marrying the only daughter and heiress of an exceedingly wealthy sausage - manufacturer of Chicago, on whom he con ferred, with a title expectant, the privilege of spending the paternal dollars ip the best set /-.-f t.- n/3/vn tc-lirro 1ia» am -t'm tit cms utoto voted humorous and her twang racy. Cyril, who was then fifteen, was too delicate for public school or University, and had to be educated almost entirely at home. His last tutor was a young man of great ability, ex cellent manners, and gentlemanly bearing. With all these advantages he had, from the first — and that was nearly two years ago — withdrawn himself as much as he was able from the social amusements of Castle Pen- mere, apparently desirous of remaining abso- : lutely within the limits of his professional duties, and politely but persistently declining any of Lord or Lady Penmere' s invitations to join the general circle when the house was full. When not engaged with his pupil he spent iaost of his time in his own rooms in the north turret, where he had a bedroom and sit ting-room protected by the thickness of the walls, the heaviness of the doors and a long . corridor, from even the echo of the bustle and animation of the rest of the Castle. Sur rounded by books and maps, he found ample means of indulging Ms scholarly tastes; moreover, Mr. Fairfield had undertaken to write the annals of Castle Penmere, with its interesting legends, traditions, and half- forgotten history. The previous autumn, Lady Penmere's widowed daughter, Mrs. Bellamore, had speut two monthsat the Castle. She had lostlier hus band after three years of connubial indif ference; was childless; and her bereavement being already eighteen months old, and she Herself only twenty-five, while the late Mr. Bellamore had been forty, fat, and pompous even as a bridegroom, she had arrived at the exact moment when a woman feels justified in laying aside the last conveutional shades of perfunctory regret, and in subduing her mourning with such little touches as wlli convey to the intelligent observer that she can once more be looked upon as a subject of hopeful personal interest. Sybil Bellamore was very beautiful. Hers was a cold and stately beautv that was clearly incompatible with flirtations, archness, or coyness /she had never taken, and never permitied, a liberty. The world called her haughty and ambitious; her parents, who knew how docile she had been in the matter of her marriage, confidently expected that she would be as easily persuaded to barter the wealth left her by the rich Ml. Bellamore for a coronet, that would be more easily obtainable by the wealthy widow than by the penniless Sybil Penmere. A middle-aged nobleman, Lord Jimple- | more, appeared more than willing to second ; the aspirations of Lady Penmere, and convert her dreams into a reality. He had been staying at the Castle during that first visit of ! Mrs. Bellamore, and instantly declared Mm- ; sell hex devoted admirer ; the course of Ms ; mature affections was made to run on castors ; : all obstacles in the shape of enterprising, youthful adorers were vigilantly removed, ; and every opportunity afforded for teic-a-teies ' with the fair Sybil. Mrs. Bellamore, although half carelessly, half smilingly suffering the veiled congratulations tendered to her on the suit of Lord Jimplemore, had evidently, as yet, either not brought the nobleman to a definite proposal or, what seemed more probable, successfully eluded it. In the meantime Mr. Fairfield, in the north turret, remained unconscious of the comedy enacted in the new wing, only meeting the brilliant actors therein for a few moments at meals, and receivin0 no notice from Mrs. Bellamore, to whom heliad been hurriedly presented on the night of her arrival. One morning she was sitting, , listless and alone, in the deep embayed window of the armoury, looking vaguely on the prospect beyond. Suddenly she rose, hurried to the hall, caught up a cloak which she wrapped and, bareheaded, slipped out of tke front door. ... Hastily crossing the terrace and the lawn she turned into a thick shrubbery on the left. She had not gone far when she -saw Mr. B airfield, leaning against a tree. He held a book in his hand, but was not reading. Sybil did not appear surprised at finding the young inan there, and walked deliberately up to him. How . long have you been at Castle Penmere, Mr. Fairfield ?' she asked. Since last June, Mrs. Bellamore.' 'What made you come here ?' ' Necessity and chance.' ' You did not control— chance ?' 'No. Why should. I? I had lost the coveted opportunity of making a living in Australia by lingering too long in London. I am poor ' — he laid a very light stress on the word — 'and, unfortunately, a gentleman, wMch means that I am not fit for much. I tried to put . my University honours to some U3e, and applied for a tutor's place. My agent showed me Lord Penmere's proposals ; I preferred them to others for the one con dition that I was expected to live entirely in the country, which means away from London, from — women,' he added bitterly. ' Why don't you say from me /' asked Mrs. Bellamore calmly. ' Well, yes — you. I had been a pre- sumptuous fool, an egregious ass. ' How so?' interrupted Mrs. Bellamore 'You Want to be told, do you? Well, I will tell you. Because I, Horace Fairfield, presumed to love the beautiful Mrs. Bella- more ; because I dared to think that she had guessed at my love, and did not spurn it.' ' Apres said Sybil, in the same cold voice. 'I spoke to her: you know what she answeieL ' Yes ; that if she married again she would lose her superb jointure, and become as poor as you were — do not interrupt me, Mr. Fair field. It pleased you to see in those words a proof of my cupidity ; you raved, and, after much incoherent nonsense about the folly of supposing that in a woman's eyes a loyal affec tion would outweighbags of gold — yes,yousaid lags — you rushed out of my presence like a madman, leaving me free to supple — ' ' What?' . ' Naturally that you loved me for my for tune only — not for myself— and that my test had proved it. The young man looked at her in dumb stupor ; a great wave of colour rose to his forehead, and receding, left him very pale. Laying Ms hand on her arm, he said, ' By Heaven, -tMs is a lie !' then with a proud lifting of his head, he added firmly, ' and you know it, Sybil.' Mrs. Bellamore remained motionless ; gra dually a smile played on her lips and softened tipv wtinlii t ii-frma tipt tippmtifr? pyas to Mr. Fairfield's for the first time, she said: ' Ye?, Horace, I know it. I knew you to be incapable of anything mean — I guessed what was in your thoughts when you did not return to me ; I had wanted to be sure of your disinterested love— that was all. You were too fond of me to drag me down into poverty — is that not so ? It is all over now : you have punished yourself and me long enough ; I am rich — will always be so. Well,' she continued, as the young man remained — silent — ' well?' ' There is nothing changed between us, Mrs. Bellamore. You are the wealthy widow, I the penniless tntor ; I have let my chance of honourable independence slip by — I must not forget it.' ' O, the meanness of a man's pride ! to gratify it, you would break a woman's heart. ; But you have uot the right ; you owe me some reparation for having humbled mine in seeking you out for this explanation ; it is no longer in your power to make it useless.' Sybil thought she heard steps approaching ; she took Mr. Fairfield's arm and led hi deeper into the woods. What arguments she used, whether she succeeded or failed in her persuasions, was never known. They returned to the Castle by different roads, and henceforth exchanged no word together/ At t ie end of a week Mi s. Bellamore returned to London, and Lord Jimplemore was allowed to be her escort. They both promised to return . to Castle Penmere the following autumn. In February Mr. Fairfield asked for a fortnight's leave to attend to some private business. On his return he informed Lord Penmere that, tto'ough the unexpected sup port of an influential personage, he had been promised the reversion of a lucrative director- sMp, to fall due at the end of the year, and that, in consequence, he was obliged to relinquish Ms duties at the Castle with the customary six months' notice agreed unon on either side. September came, and brought the annual contingent of guests ; among them Mrs. Bella- more, with no vestige of mourning in her elegant costumes, and a gentle, smiling condescension that boded good luck to the attentions of Lord_J"implemore, whicli had become-evefT more pertinent than the previous . year, and excited to fever-heat the enthusiasm of the numerous competitors who entered the lists with the amorous nobleman. Sybil again occupied her old rooms in the south turret, and from the projecting gabled window eould see, when she retired for the night, a light burning in the corresponding casement of Horace Fairfield's study opposite. An imaginative wanderer passing in the darkness under the walls would have fancied that the rays falling from the too turrets were a "pair of watchful eyes on the face of "the Castle, -in mysterious expectation of some adventure. . Mrs." Bellamore had no opportunity of meeting Mr. Fairfield ; Cyril had been ailing,, and his tutor left himbut little, taldno- his meals with the boy alone, and making the necessity of finishing the annals of Castle Penmere before his departure from England a reason for secluding himself entirely in his own apartments. One November day Sybil went out riding with a large party ; her horse shied at a peasant's red umbrella, reared, and threw her. She was picked up inseasible and carried home. On examination her injuries were found by the doctors to be of a less serious nature than had been apprehended ; but the shock to hei system and a severe strain would necessitate almost complete immobility for several weeks. After the first days she washable to lie on the sofa and read, bnt neither to write nor to receive visitors. The accident was all the jnoie un fortunate that, shortly after it happened," a sadden accession wasmade to the house-patty , in the person of a couple of maiden aunts, sisters of Lord Penmere, who, havmg volunteered their visit, naturally expected to be made doubly welcome. In consequence the housekeeper was put to her wits ends, and a great shifting of rooms was imperatiye to secure suitable apartments for the elderly maidens— a difficult task to be accomplished without giving offence or causing discomfort to the first comers. . , . ' Among the people already staying At Castle Pemnere was a young man Mr. Julian Fellows— who had never been asked before, but who had been recommended to Lord Penmere by one of the sons, and had arrived after Mrs. Bcllaniore's accident. He was a cheerful, clever fellow, and an invalnr able acquisition in a country house. One , rainy day he had explored the old part of the Castle, taken sketches of gateways, doors, arches, and lancet- windows, and in the evening had begged to be told all the queer stories of ghosts and supernatural agencies which must inevitably belong to so ancient a building. The next morning Mr. Fellows appeared at breakfast with- a pale, troubled face ; on being asked if he was ill he gave a confused answer, and when further #1 T7i !JT1 DTLll Q 71 l"iTl UVUOUUWU. UV 4 guv « condition that it would be treated seriously. His manner excited general curiosity ; the promise was readily granted, and he began as follows : — ' Last night, after leaving the smoking- room, I went straight to my bedroom, and, with . my brain still filled with the strange stories relating to the Castle, I looked even more curiously upon my tapestry-hung walls, my deep narrow windows, and my oak nail- studded door. Even after I was in bed I left the candle burning, so that the apartment was not in the least dark. Presently, just as I was thinking of putting it out I heard a faint rustling of drapery in the corridor, and almost immediately the door moved slowly inwards. I am not ashamed to say that I felt considerably startled and somewhat nervous; The door, which as it opens Mdes my bed, swung back, a figure, dressed in creamy white glided in, turned, locked it behind her, and turned again towards the interior of the room. A light which she held in her hand revealed a pale beautiful face, dark hair, shaded, but not concealed, by a fall of lace, and lustrous eyes beaming with excitement. Like one perfectly ac quainted with the room, the form glided to the bedside, bent over me, and distinctly murmured the word " Darling !" then, with a wild sliriek. threw up her arms, and, dropping the light, fled. I suppose she vanished through the door, but I could not swear to it : onlv if ever a man saw a ghost-. I was that man last night.' Lord and Lady Penmere looked at each other. Some weeks before, they had heard that a maid pretended to have seen a strange apparition in one of the galleries, but as the statement had received no further confirma tion it had been forgotten. An old friend shook Ms head gravely, saying that certainly there used to be a ghost in the old building, but was frowned down by his hostess. All the others accepted young Fellows's story with that incredulous superiority lavished on supernatural adventures related by a third party, and one aspiring barrister quietly suggested that if Fellows's nocturnal visitor had dropped her candlestick, by Jove ! where was the candlestick? A group of sceptics proceeded to the youug man's room, where he rehearsed the scene for them; the maids were summoned and cross-questioned forensicafly about the- light. One of them admitted that she had found the gentleman's \- candlestick on the floor in the morning, and thought he must have knocked it over in Lis sleep, and that it was a mercy he had not set the place on fire. Alter this Mr. Fellows was mercilessly chaffed by the other men, and looked at disparagingly by the women, who evidently suspected that the vision was involved out of the fumes of tobacco and b. -and- s. with, whicli the young man had been impregnated in the smoking-room. ArcMe Fellows, naturally a good-tempered young man, was roused to something Bt-p anger, and spent the rest of the morning in his rooms in Mgh dudgeon. However, just before lunch he made his appearance in the drawing-room with a sheet of paper in his hand, and walking up to Lady Penmere, who sat by the fireplace surrounded by half-a- dozen ladies and as many men, said to her a little excitedly, ' You all affect to laugh at me and dis believe me ; I really think von fancy I was drunk last night. Well, I am a bit of a painter, you know, and I did not require a second sitting from my ghostly model to enable me to reproduce her features : I shall never forget them; first, her lovely smile, then her terror. This is exactly how the apparition looked and he held up the sheet of paper, presenting to the audience a masterly sketch of a woman robed in wMte with a hood of lace half thrown back from her head, clear-cut features, a proud sensitive mouth, aud large tender eyes. A chorus of exclamations burst forth simultaneously : ' Sybil I Mrs. Bellamore ! My daughter !' Lord Penmere strode up to the artist. ' Are you aware whose likeness this is ?' he said angrily. ArcMe Fellows remained mute and confounded. ' Is tMs an unmannerly trick?' continued Lord Penmere. 'Quce more, who is this meant for ?' ' It is my ghost of last night,' faltered the young man, embarrassed by the commotion he had caused, and who had never in Ms life seen. Mrs. Bellamore. Lady Penmere rose hastily, and led the way to the dining-room ; her guests, feeling uncomfortable, followed her. Lord Jimple more, who had only just come in, and was imperfectly grasping the facts, exclaimed loudly, . ' Preposterous ! What the dickens could Mrs. Bellamore have been doing in the north turret?' It was the tutor's room which ArcMe Felkrf ;rs had occupied ; he had 1 been moved into it when extra accommodation had been required in the new wing ; and for the last fortnight Mr. Fairfield had been sleeping in- a dressing-room near his pupil. That same ' evening Mrs. Bellamore "had a long conversation with Lady Penmere, and astonished her mother not a little by the news die communicated to her, news t>f which she had postponed the teUing till die could soften them by such additional facts as would makfc them more acceptable to her parents bu which the incidents just recorded had'c-om pelled her to precipitate. As far as the world went she cared, little for its blame or approval. Listen to me patiently, dear, ' she be-i « ' Mr. Fairfield—' ' Pray what has your brother's tutor to do with you?' . interrupted Lady Penmere severely. ' I beg you will not drag him your affairs.' After wbat has happened yesterdav mother dear, I must mention his name. I was married to Horace Fairfield last February —hush ! don't be angry. I had known and loved him before ever he came here, and but for a foolish misunderstanding — no matter that is over now. Horace did not wish to marry a rich woman before he was himself independent; he — I — we — ' and here Sybil hesitated and blushed — 'well, it was no use waiting a year till he could enter upoQ his appointment in India, even if We made believe, to do so, so we were married secretly np in London. 0, I knQW it was romantic and foolish ; but you see mother, I am twenty-six, and I never had any romance in my life like other giflg Before hit accident I used sometimes ni, ni«.G to visit my husband in the north turret ; we had signals wMch we understood ; his candle burning in Me window at one told me I could come without danger. The other night, for the first time since the accident. I felt strong enough to attempt the journey to the north tower. I waited till at the usual hour the light burned clear. I came — you can guess that I found a stranger — instead of — ' And that he painted your face, and others recognised it, you imprudent woman ! That boy Fellows has shown your portrait to a score of people as that of the lady who in vaded Ms room at night.' Sybil drew herself up proudly ; ' Mother ' she said, ' both as your daughter and as Mr. Bellamore's wife, I have earned the rigid to be above suspicion and nuscoiistrueticn. You may tell our friends — and I shall if you do not wish to do so — that in a month Mrs. Horace Fairfield leaves England with her husband — a bride of nearly a rear.' Lord Jimplemore thought the whole ex- planation extremely- odd, when it was given to him, in common with the rest of the house- party, by Lord Fenniere, after Mrs. Bella . more's departure, and congratulated himself that he had not proposed to a young woman who acted ghost in bachelors' rooms. Horace Fairfield never had occasion to repent that he took to his heart the Face in Castle T( i,;a.-r ; but ArcMe Fellows has always regretted tnat tiie visit was not meant tor Mm. — The World. 