CONGREGATIONAL CONFERENCE; THIRD DAY. WEDNESDKY. TIgE business meeting of the Congregational Union of Now Sonth Wales was continued at .the Newcastlo Congregation Church on Wed nesday. The chair was occupied by Rev. Dr. Jefferis, president of the union. DEVELOPMENT OF SPIRITUAL LIFE. i Mr. JAs. MonLLEs read a paper on " How to foster and develop the spiritual life oftko churches." .He claimed that the answer to the first part of his subject lay appareiitly'rn tli :surfiebd. The key which would :unlock the door to the treasury of heavenly influences was given by Christ himself in' Luke xi,:9-18,: and in John xiv, 13.14. This key was love to Christ 'ed --Lord. If :that lovo wae:Diara mount in our hearts it resulted in the desire to obey, Him .in all -things.' Their constant. failure to reach this ideal stantidardishowed their helplessness and wbrthlessness, and drove them back to His feet as the fountain snd perennial. source of that e.torrial:lifg: without which attainment of their ideal 'of obedience became ' iispossible. .It" was in a mood of' holy asvef dcf self-abasement, .·.and child-like confidence and boldness tlihat they asked aright,. unselfishly, things that linked us with eternial purposes. It was then that they obtained necessarily, as :tho . Lord. lind promised, responses-which enabled them with clearer - vision to see tho true nature of our ofllice as witdesses for Christ, and also receive strength and..that union of the very spirit of God with our~spirits by which they might per chanicebe able truthfully to describlo their lifoe-work in the words of St. Paul, "Not I, but Christ-in me." They all knew howv far short of such an ideal the poor reality of' life was. They know that the remedy in their own individual cases was to bring it to-the foot of the Cross of Christ. Advancing from the individual to the collective, they would find that a lchurch required, not only an outpouring of the spirit of God, libut'was con srious of its need. A church should being that need to the Lord with faith in the Ipro. mise, " Ask, and it shall be given you "; hot' in a formal way, but in the spirit, of those who, of old, took the kisigdom of Heaven by violence. Buch petitions so' presented must be successful, being not only in the very line of the promise of God, but of his eternal purpose of redemption in Christ. Re. vival 'was ' not a mechlanical or artificial process, and by no known process could spiritual life be created, althoughl they might and must prepare the soil to receive the living germ from God. Such revivals as the Church now needed pro ceeded from one or two or more individuals who gathered together in earnest prayer to ask for the gift of thle Pirit, and from that centre the greater number were moved, and tshe blessed answer came in a rich outpour iug of the Spirit on a whole neighbourhood or on a nation. The whole stress of the Apostle Paul's teaching lay on the central pivot' ".Christ crucified," Paul's practical inference was that if Christ died then we' must die too to'that natural life which was self-centred and.self-dependent. Then he developed hisigreat body of teaclhing 'abouit holiness, the Lord Jesus in His great mercy had laid firm: lshold-of us in:our'-misery washed us, and bidden us remember that we no longer bclohgbd'to ourselves but'to Him. Then the Apostle showed that we were in our weaknes,..perversity, and dullness to bear HKs cross, love others more than self, and fill.up whatwaslsecking in his sufferings by becoming witnesses in every age that .His spirit was a live power in the world, re deeming our nature from selfishness, car niality, and disobedience. Wherever Christ crucified in his.own people was the central theme of preaching, there the spiritual life of the Church glowed:with intensest power. In conchiding, ihe pointed-out that on the one side stood the Heavenly Father:ready to bestow His own quickening spirit, anid on 'theio othier the man or Church conscious of need.: Thie golden link between them was simple child-like prayer. The answer which' he gave to the problem - set him wris necessarily an imperfect one, for it lacked knowledge of the divine side of the question He thought that they might increase anRd develop the spiritual lifo of their chlurches by the en forcemont of the 'teachings that consecration to Christ Jesus as Lord was the one test and proof of discipleship; and that this personal proprietorship of His servants by the Lord was a real thing, entailing active unflinch ing obedience in every department of life. If duty.to the Lord Jesdis Christ were thlse paramount motive in our-lives, our-homes would be nurseries for His kingdom; our business would.bea the' audit'Cof.Hisjfe over life; would .not - need the o excitement of gambling '-and' ncqisiring. wealth: '@itlioutl work; our.publio lifo and' laws would reflect His will, and His -Church :would in-every way prosper. • . "::, - ,:., Mr. WrILLIanrs.e said that the churbhces should be more:,iisittd. :-They -wo ??erye much:scatterdd about the colony, and they ghould make a pointsto recogiised and assisti each other in all ways. Especially might the larger: churche'sthus greatly help the smaller congregations ,by. advice and by showing what iriterest was being taken in -the work. .':,::.. . . Mr. CANE depreanted theo practic. of, harping on the tlings wlichliwere had iii': human n'atiure: That whili was'bhautifil should be brought out, and ~ith. perfoct liberty of speech, not degenerating to lidonse, hlee thight the Churoh' would greatlyfin eease in influence.and power for dding good. Rev :Dr. ROSB?Y.' thiought e ~ yl should Ilay stress oin this perto?eallovo to Ohlriests theo constraining energy of Chlristiauity, Whre-o everoi they felt a hliet: it one inoe lovetboesis's Christ, :withlhim theyi ,should sdoiokT. Abbove all, they should be dlharitable among themi •selves."- :.) !:,:! ·-. ., .... Rev. WA,;Tiow DAnvis, e.A., said tlhat those working :iin the great ceentres wiere ap palled by ilie mgdnitude of tlihe difeiilties of mnateori?m, iismpiurty, and other evils which suiriouindetd them. " Thsey could only over coned theii by developing a higher, intensoer, spiritual lifo in the churches. They must get back to theGrdet?t Fountain Head, and if they were earnest there was nothing to fear. We woro a g~iat'deal too hurried in our life, and people should remember that it was a second dity to find time to reflect upon these things. 1ev..J. HILL', M.A., sympathized with the whole of the paper. The great hindrance to the work of God vas in ourselves, our want of spiritual power. All great revivals of religion were preceded by prayer. If they got unity of purpose they got community of action, ann this would lead to glorious results.-_ They must try to make the people see the presence of an indwelling Saviour. Mr. WooLowoon said thatthe men who had beeon most successful in this work were the men: who. had lived nearest to God. They must have the spirit of Christ to be success Sful in this work. They must have more united leffort and prayer. If they hlad this in full, they wbuld be more than equal to meetthe dihlculties of sins and 'is?ms, and overcome them. Rev. G. CA.PMIr LL asked if they empha sized sufficientlv the fact that they had the living presence of the Holy Ghost dwelling wiithen them, striving to convince the world of sin, of righteousness, and of the world 'to come? It seemed that they had rather preached too much of the historical, the crucified Christ. Their principal aid came from above. ITheo great evangelistic move monts of 1736-1738 originated in prayer. Rev. -C. WoreYr, M.A., thought that this subject should be taken up and put before the ohurohes.i They wanted to get away from self. If there was anything of self under their Christian life it would gradually de. stroy their stores of greadib. M?r. R. T?'noAs said that thie great difl-' ,culty to spiritual work was thd -ownit df funds -If spiritual lifo was to progrees, their heaiirts mnst be touched, and through them thoir.peckets. This particularly applied to the younger churches. . : Rev. C. TAYLon thought that the Union should find room at future meetings for a spiritual discussion. Rev. Dr. JErFERIs poliitcd out tlhe great advantages of labour as a means of quiokeciing spirituallifo. As with our bodies whil weo were well the activity of life was exor cise suflicient to keep us in porfect health, so i ith Christians and Christian ministers. If they only carried into their wvork ofrcery day the coneciousncss that they were doing service to Christ, they would find tlhat they aore carrying out the work God had given them to do with the highest impulses of a piurer and better life. They should roecog isoe not only the necessity of worship, but tlhe necessity for Work. All the stiengthl aiid impilse to stumnulate spiritual life was to lie derived from faithful, continuous, andicon. scicntfious work for the Master. On the motion of Roev: Dr. Rossny, tlheo .:.following resolution was carried:--".That it ;beo a recommendation to our ministers and churches in the variouh centres to hold occa sional meetings for spiritual conference, and .when :possiblo connected with tlhe :local evangelistic services.".................. IcARNKS TO TlE ENGLISIIH DLEEGATES.. ? Rev. R. DTY moved, "That'i the' Congro gational Union of New South Wales re solves, at its half-yearly session hold in Newcastle, to record its appreciation, of the valuable.: services rendered to' Congroga. tionalism in the colony by the Rev. Dr. Hannay and Mr. Henry Lee (the delegates from the Congregational Union of England and Wales), rejoices in their safe arrival at home,. and trusts that thle enlarged k?iow ledge of Congregational church life and work in these southern Iluds which the deputation acquired may be turned to valuable account in strengthening the ties which bind Congre gationalists together in unity of aim and sympnthyl; and further resolves to communi cate this resolution to the Congregational Union of England and Wales, and to expreis the hope that the day is not far distant-when COongregationalists of every laid may meet together in one grand P'an-Congregational conference in London." Mr. Josr?IAn MULL??s seconds d the motion, irhich was carried withllout discussion. THE SAMOAIN DISASTER. Rev. OREORT DEY moved, "That this meeting having heard of the loss sustained by our Samoan brethren during the late hur ricane, and of possible famine as a result of it, and having heard too of the stores of our mission being freely given iup to supply present and pressing waRts, hereby commend the case of our brethren to the sympathy of the churches, and urges immediate action to provide relief." The motion was seconded by Mr..BuzzA· COTT. EX-PRESIOnS F VPAH Mr. JosIAH MULLINs moved, " That this assembly desires to express its sympathy with the Reovs. J. P. Sunderland and Morgan ,Wil liams in tliheir enforced retirement from the. more active work'of the Church of Christ in whidh they have for so many years held positions of leaders and pastors. And further, that this meeting heartily prays that, as our honoured brethren have in their day borne the burden of. tho.Lord's work,. they, may nowrealise in their.declining years the joy of their Lord,. and find their.latest years to boe their brightest.' iRev.: .ELLA seconded thel inotibn.Cs'hichl was carried. TIIE NEW RYMENAL. Rev. WAnnUOW DAvIs, M.A.; moved, "That' the churclices be recommended to adopt thenew hymnal." . Mr. OANE seconded the niotion, which was 'supported by the Revs. Dr. Rosoby;,Brough, E. 2'. Miles, and Messrs. Henley, Mullins,. Buzzacott and W. WoolnouTngh. ' . i:, The speakers pointed qut that it woud .bd : a great advantage Ito have the hymn-and tunes together, and several' of. tlihm an nounced that thel hymnal 'was now in use in various churches. The OCAIcrAN said that Mr. t;' the organist of his church," had told him that the book contained :thl finest ddcll1otion of' music of any such workohe had evoer; seen... The motion was carried.' . TEc SENORTIIERN DISTRICT WORKe. Tho's progress re'portf for' the Northern Church Extensiori' S6city, 'e;oad by Rev '.W. Williams, showed that theKSoiety hind been beeon carrying obn the''C liuih\ work success fdUlly. The statistics of'thb churches were miuch the .some at-n las't:meting. The Lambtdn'Oi Church had ain' aierage attendance at the Sunday services bof ibout 60,. with a imombership of 27. KTheroewas au smalliSun day School, and the' church ',as free from debt. .'AtIslington' theoaverage attendanc at, morning 'service wasaabbuff:30, and at evening 60\. The Sunday behool had 86 scholars on the roll,'tduigle:by oiglht teachoers. Tlei'e was a debt on the church of about £j500.; The Stbokton chureli ind ani average congre. gation of aboiiu 200, and amliiebershilip'df 81.' lhe Sunday Seohool had 170 scholars .on the? roll, 'ith an average attendance of about 145, aid 15 toeachdrs. Tha settlement of Mr. EHiggs at Wallsond, as lay pastor, .had' givonan finptiuls'":to thls chruri-: tli'sie which it has already folt'1A pioce of ground had been obtained at Plattsburg on whiidch it was. proposed to.build ,a;mission-hall,,; tlie, wbork of which is to be 'carried, on througlh the Wallsend church. It is belioeveditihat wheii thlis hall has been'completedlthIaimi~: sion would pay its own ' way. :. Additional ground had been :bouiglit ht':Islin ton. The: ground;alroady oceupieddwas too smidl f6i' the future reqausites, of the ohurch, larid,'al.~ thoug lithe 'esponsibilitios-incurredivould boa •felt- s as - heavy barden--tho ambount being £315-it it was donsidered necesisary thait tihe. additional land, should 'li sbcuied.*, :With. regard to the site gtveni for" a"cliurah.at' West Wallsond, it was found thiat the iillot-. ment first given had been inadvebrtently sold but thie West Wallesond Company kindly' gave the church the choice of any unsold. allotments, and the necessary steps had boon taken to secure a good site. The society thanked the committee of the union forsending Revs. GI. Campbell and R. Doy to visit the northern churches; The meetings held had been most successful: The committee of the sooiety lhad met with the deputation to coin. sider what could be done to bring the North orn Association into a right relation with the Congregational 'Union and Board of Missions under its new conditions, and, the Rev.: G.: Campboll had undertaken to bring forward' a" notice of inotion to alter the constitution of the union to suit tlhe requirements of the Northerni district, and putlits work. onea proper basis. YoUfG 'rioPLI's anILfs. Rev.; A. J.' Gmnssriic rcead:is pap'or" on Young People's Guilds. He pointed out that within the last too years there had sprung into existenoed; and:developed to con. siderable dimensions, a new movement in thlib Congregational Churches of'l England arid Walesknown as the guild movement. It was proving a marked success in biriding moro closely together the Church and the young people of the congregation. This guild movement endeavoured to reaoh thile young people. Its promoters had booeen meon of the younger generation of the homo ministry, and had becn the outgrowth of an intense personal sympathy with tlhe instinets and aspirations of the young mnind, just about the time when the possibilities of adult lifo were open ing out before it. The distinctive object of these guilds \vas to gather the whole of the young lifo of a church into one organisa tion. Had'our Christianity no word of sympathy to utter by way of encouraging and moulding the irrepressible energies and activities of yoyung life ? The Christian faith was now boinig aplicl. td'inflditoly broader aspccts of human lifo. Every stage, side, and relation of lifemas now. considered as beloing ing to Chfisti, andnwas tobe resbucd'from.tohe usurpation of evil by informing it with the spirit, and- mind .whllich were in Christ Tho doctrinal ground upon which this guild ,movementrested was.tho claim of Christ to overy province of life:.The originators .of ,tie schemeware prompted by their desire to brine thlis active, restless adolescent period of development undor,the control of.Christ's strong, free, holy-spirit. Why should, thley asked, thie amusements, social gatherings, end lifo companiornshmps originate always outside thm Church, and belooked upon as sometlhincg essentially foreign and almosthmostile to.thie spirit of Christ that presides in His Cahurch? Their cnclusion was that the intellectual, social, recreative activities of the young mind ought to be vitally bonnected with t hIe church's ageincy, and be informed with the very spirit that ministered to its sanctification. These guilds had branches for giving religious knowledge, religious work, and mission branches, WV.hite Cross Association, temper ance and thrift, literary and dialectical, and social recreation branlches. Special sugges tions were given for the frequent hIolding of gathorings for devotional and mnoral ends. .The movement should not clash with existing bgegncls, Wvhichowould fall into proper places a. branches of the guild By the general enrolmont of the young.people would intro. duce an esprit de corps, which would have a beneficial influence on all, the work of the Church&.- It would solidify the feeling at. taohment of the young people to the churches, and would be found very helpful in the wider! denominational movement. HIe felt certain tihat a proper guild would prove of marvellous efficecy in shielding the young people at a most sensitive and critical ago from those temptations which led many to drift into sin or confirmed indifference. He advocated the conoideration and adoption of this guild movement, because it was the result of a long, patient,:and profound study of the present Church. It was an honest, judicious, elaborately planned method for preserving the bond between the Church and the individual through all the restless im pulsiveness of this unsettled period. Mr. Gnsa'T (president.elect of thoe Now Zealand Union) said that the New Zealand Ohurch had adopted a resolution for adopst ing..a system on the lines of Mr. Griflith's p ap er . . . ' . .' ! .. Mr. HBNLEY, is a Sunday.school teacher, supported the movement. It would meet the cases:, of. the' young pdeople aftier leaving Suinday-school. Roev. 'WAOW DAvIS did not think they had fully reiognised' the potentiality of child hood arid 'youth in- the church li'fo. They had noticed how the children were lost to the church aftei leaving 'the Sunday.solihols. They woro trying'in his church to' show the maternal side of the.church, providing inno cent amusement. and instruction for the. young people. They wanted, members to take charge of the movement. lThore was a danger of forcing a hothouse kind,.of Ipiety.: among the young :pcoplo, and this should be provented.. ,Hoe hoped, to, see ,the motherly instincts .of; the. churchl brought, outsmoro fully.., Rev. Dr. RosSnB pointed out that sebom of the 'churches had the real thing without: thio actual name,of guild.., SRev. J. BucnAc, M.A, pointed. out thlati the guilds could be easily formed by the con solidation of tho societies now connected with the churches. . , :Rev. .C0. WaSrTE, aid that the church ought to recognise the ,amusements and plea. sures of .yoith, but it was a question whether the churches, should provide those amuse. nients.:: Ho would, like to see our young' men go into thie world with their Chris. .tanity thlai keep in seggregated guilds. iMr. CANE pointed out that, the societies, including, the Y.M.O.A., had had', a dis integrniting offect on the churches, and if thel churches could combine these societies thel .good.effcct would be very great. " ;Several speakers also raised the. question of whetlher the Church should provide these amusements. RE v. S. W. .Bnovan did not see that it was thl': place of tho churches to-.provide people with amusements. Ro could not see how the guild would improove the oexisting state of things ... ,. Mr JosiAh 'MuLiHNs' aid that' thi' churches would have to draw the line in this| mnatter siomewhdere. Were:they to' abolish: home lifo en favour of .these' organisations ? He 'thought the" ministers' should promote study and reading among the young men'; but the girls were bilter at home. Ohildren. should also be kept o'ut. . ', : ev.,O..W. MooN.supported the idea 'of guilds, whlich hlie considered to be a sign, of. the mannnr in.which fthe Churchiwas spread ing tlihroughout tlio. life of its mpmbers.e ,s:s .'R1ev .'r. TJFrBis s: sBupported tho: idea, but' said that' thliey niust 'be onrefil .loit the Churoch was' wreckbd on oiganisations raised. 'lho Church should:'ondeavouri to lhelp thoe young to :rationialamusements, but if the; Church 'undertook to iproviide thio amusements for the young, :it would be: a' great danger. -.Tho, function of the Church was to teach Christ, and, endeavour to iscul cate the precepts of a pure and holy-life, and the Chuarch might be. employed in a mannir: to overlook tho amusements of the people, but it would besa source of- great' dangor if tihe Church endeavoured to take control of amusements-it would :bo a matter 6of great danger. . . • 5 .. SAB[ATIU DESB CIRATIO ,.r , , .. STholnidtter of Sabbath desecrationl was ro: ferrod to a commiittico, wtlit instruotions to 'bring., up 'a'; ir solutioni for' 'tho Octobeor' eo sion.' *.*\,: SVOTE OT -TIIAI'is .A comprehensivo voto of thanks to those ,wvho had shown kindnoss to tho deolgates on 'tlhe occasionl of their visii to? 'o; dastio and to the V eiceastle Mouligh He?lafd foo iits : ox collont reports was carried with acolamiation. T'. 'his termininted the business meeotings oE, 