Tl"ILE BUN)MAN. A NEMW SAGA. BY HALL CAINE, Althor of "The Deemater" "A Son of ragar," "The Shadow of a (thrme," ete., toe. CHAPTER IX (ComrriurnE.) TuE COInOG or JASON. The two bright lights that led the vessel to .her ruin came from the two little bays that lie -under the Maughold Head. The light in Port .y-Vullin was in the hut of Scophen Orry, whp ad.lit his lamp and placed it in the window when he went out to bid farewell to Michael Sunlocks, thinking no evil thereby to any man .but only that it would guide him home again when he should return to the boat. The light in Port Lague was from the cottage of three old net weavers, who had lived there without womanc or girl, or chick or chdd, through more \- than fotty yearn. Two of three were brothers, Danny antd Jemmy ?owley, both overseventy years old, and their housemato, who was .inety, and had been a companion of their .ather, was known as Juan MacLady. Dasly and Jemmy still worked at the .ilooms year in year out, every working hour of the day and night, and Juan, long:past other labour, cooked and sowed and cleaned for them. All three hlad grown dim of sight, and now groped about like thr coold earthworms. Every year "for five years past they had needed an extra -candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own iron mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on that :night wlhCn the Peveril struck on the Carlck. It wys supper time, though old Danny and Sold J'emny were still at tlhe looms. Old Juan had washed out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot-with them, hung them on the chimney hook and stirred} the peats. Then to make thect- boil the qhicker lee lad gone out with the tongs to. the side of the house for some dry gorse from the gorse heap. WYhile there he had peered through the darkness at the bay for the light on Point of Ayro, and had missed it, anmid on going back lee hadeald : " It's out again. That's the third time in siden. month. I'll go bail something will happen yet." Ho had got no answer, and so sat down on the three-legged stool to feed the fire with gorse liftedlon the tongs. When the potatoes had boiled, hle ad carried them to the door to drain them, and then with the click-clack of the lovers behind him, he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and splash of the sea in front, a voice like a cry. Going indoors lie had said, " Plague on the water-talilil and; commissioners and kays and -councils. I'll go bail there's smuggling going on under their very noses. I'd have the law on the lot of them, so I would." Old Danny acnd old Jemmy knew the temper of their housimnato-that he was never happy save wheni he lhad somebody to higglo with- so they paid no heed to his mutterings. But wheos .Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a rag spread over thorn, went out for the salt herrings to wheore they hung to dry on it stick against the sunny side of the porch, he was sure that above the click of the levers, the boom, and splash of the sea, and the whistle of the wind, lhe could hear a clamorous shout of naany voices, like awild cry, of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizened face of deathly pallor and told what he had heard, and clte shuttles were stopped, and there was a silence in the little house. " It went by me same as the wind," said old Juan. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old Juan hold on to the lover handles; and through those precious minutes when the crew of the schooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, these three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, half deaf, half blind, were hold in the grip of super stitious fears. " Tlere again," cried old Juan ; and through the door that he had left open the same cry came in above roarof wind and sea. " It's mncc that's yander," said old Jemmy. " Ay," said old Dazuy. " Maybe it's a ship on the Carick," said old Junul. " Let's away and look," said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trembling and affrighted, straining their dim eyes to see and tlheir deaf ears to hear, and clinging to each other's hands like little children, groped their slow way to the beach. Down there the cries were louder than they h]ad been oin the brows above. - " Mercy moe lt's away to Laguo for the boys," said old Juan ; acd- loeavig 'behind them the voices that cried for help, the old men trudved and stumbled through the dark la?Ics. Lagueno was asleep, but the old men knocked and the windows were opened and night-capped headsthrust through. Very soon the house and courtyard echoed with many footsteps, and the bell over the porch rang out through the night, to call up the neighbours far and near. ltoss and Stean and Thurston were the first to rcach the shore, and they found the crow of the Poeveril landed-overy man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had passed through to save his life. The schooner was still' on the Carick, much injured already, plunging with every hurling sea on to the shoal bnoeath her, and going to pieces fast. And now that help seemed to be no more needed the peoolo came Ilockiceg down in crowds--the Fairbrothere, with Greeba, and all their men and maids, Kaito Wade the Methodistr with Chalsey A'Killor. who h]ad Sbooeen sleeping a night at his house, Njary Crowe, and Matt Mylchreest aced oll Coobragl. And while Davy Kerruish shook the salt water from his sou'wester. and growled out to themr with an oath that they had been a plaguey long time coming, and the skipper bemoaned the loss of his slup, and the men of their kits, Chlais was down o hlis knees on the heach, lifting up his crazy, cracked voice ir loud thanksgiving. At that the growling ended, and then Asler Fair brother, who head been the last to come, invited .the shipbroken men to Logu, anid all together they turned to follow lilm. Just at that moment a cry was heard above .the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that seemed to echo in the lowering dome of the ,sky. " Oreeba wos thoeflrt to hear it. * "There is aofneonc left on the ship," she cried. • The man stopped and looked into each other's :facosoneby.out.. , "No," said alto skipper, " we're alllhers." The cry was heard once more ; it was a voice of fearful agony. "That's from Port-yVullin," said Ash1cr Fairbrother; nod to Port-y-Vullit they all hastoned off, fol!owing the way of the beach. Therm it was easy to see from whence the cries had come. Anolen fishing boat was labouring in the heavy sea, her stem half prancing like an unbroken horse, and her fore-part jammed betweie two horns of the rock that forks out into. the sea from Maughold HeIad. She had Sclearly been making for the little bay, when she hod fallen foul of thle sboal that lies to tle 1 north of it., Dark as tie night was, the sea acd ky were lighter tha tioe black headhlmnd, ael thle gure of a mare in Stho boat could be seen very plainly. He.was trying to ulnship the neat, that he might lighten the little craft and ease her o the horns that hold her like a vyco, but every fre9h wave drove her head deeoper into the cleft and at each vainr effort he shouted again an agets in rage rnd tfear. d oat was lyinrg hig and dry on the shore. Two of thle Flairlrothlers-Stean anrd Thurstan S-ran it into the water, jurnpd isto it and pushed off. But the tide was still nmakin, ,the sea woes runnring high, cc low ground swell was sooliin? nil tie omlnlo earnd flicoingi it through the air lke sleet, and ci au instant ths boat was ,: cast back on the shlore. "or. use, man," shouted manry voices. But Greeba cried, " IIelp, help, lhelp !" Sho seemed to be beside herself with suspense. S" omo vagne fear, beyronld the thought of a man's life in peril seemed to possess her. Did she know whlat it was ? She did not. She Sdared not fix her mind upon it. Shloe was afraid of her own fear. But, low down within -her, and ready at any moment to leap Sto her throat, was the dim ghost of a dread that he wheo was hi the boat ' and in danger if hlis lifo on the rock, might "- -s be vcry near and dear to hler. With hler haood S fallen back from her head to her shoulders, she ,'ran to and fro amontg the mer on the beach, -cryi , " Ii will be loest. Will no one save But the other women clung to the men, and the men shook their heads and answered, " hIo's past saving," anid " WeVo've got wives and children looking to us,miss--and what's the use of tlrowhcg your life nIawy ?" Still tie gerl cried l IClp," and then a young follow ieusled through to where shle stood, anud .mid" HEIo's too near for us to stand here and see hfm die." " Oh, God bless and keep you for over and over," cried Grocba ; und, lifted cormpletlyout of all self-control, shelo throw her arms about the young man and kissed him fer vently on the check. It was Jason. tio had found a rope asid coiled one end * of it about his waiset, aId held tthe SAll nght resermveo. Sother end in his hand.' The touch of Greeba's quivering lirps had been as tire to him. " y hold," he cried, and threwthe loose end oa the rope to Thuraman Fairbrother. At the next moment he was breast-high in the sea. The man must have seen him couming, for the loud clamour ceased. " Brave lad," msaid Greeba in a deep whispor. "Brave is it ? It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy. " Who is it ?" said the skipper. "Theyoung Icclauder," said Davy. "'ot the lad Jason ." "Aw, yea, though-Jason-the gawk, as they're saying. Poor lad, the/re', a heart at him." . The people hold their breath. 'Greeoba co vered her eyes with her hands and felt an irm pulse to scream. Wading with strong strides, and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards he was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms; bleod ing from a wound in the head. Groobastooped quickly to peer into his face in the dark. nies, apd then rose up and turned away with sigh that was like a sigh of relief. " IIo's done for," said Jason, putting him' down." " Who ishe ?" cried a score of voices. " God knows. Fetch alantern," said Tison. "See; there's a light in old Orry's lhut yotidesr Lot's away there wrth him. Itwill be thonearest phice," said Kane Wade. Thein pboulder high they raised the in sensibodnmaa and carried him to Stephen Orry'e hut. " What awaight he is P" said Kane Wade. "Slip along, somebody, and got the dour opened." , Chaleo A'Killoy ran on ahead. " Where's Stephen, to-night, that he's not out with he at work same as this ?" said 3hatt Myj-k chreest. , r . " Hb's been'down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. . In another minute Chalso was knocking at the door, and calling loudly as he knocked. " Stophen, Stophen, Stephen Orry." There camoe nd answer, and he knocked again and called yet louder. " Stphon, let us in. Thoer's a mati here, dying.' But no one stirred within the house. " He's asleep," said one. - " Stophen-Stephen Orry-Stephen Orry wake up, meon-can't you hear us Y Have you no bowels, that you keep the man out ?" " He's not at home-force the door," Kano Wadoe houted. One blow was -enough. The door was fas toened only by a hemp rope wound round a hasp on the outside, and it fell open with a crush. Then the men with the burdeon staggered into the house. They laid the insensible man on the iloor, and there the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon his face. " Lord-a-massy," they cried, " it's Stopheri Orry hiseoclf." 