General News. The American Disaster. LECTURE BY THE REV. G.D. BUCHANAN. Since news was received of the appalling disaster which occurred a few days ago at Johnstown, America, the Rev. G.D. Buchanan to the Brisbane has in several ways appealed public on behalf of the nomeless and friendless survivors; and it was with a viow to swelling the relief fund already initiated that he deter mined to deliver a lecture on the subject in the Opera House last Sunday evening. If any thing were required to show that tho rev. gentle man had awakened public, sympathy in this matter it was to b9 found in the fact that thou sonds of persons nearly an hour before the commencement of the lecture thronged the street in front of the Opera House, and when the doors were opened the building was quiokly filled to overflowing. By half-past 6 o'clook the building was crowded in every part, the stage includod, and hundreds of persons had to be content with standing-room, while a very great num ber had to be refused admission, the doors being closed against them. Never since the Opera House has been opened has there been so large an audience within its walls. On this occasion Mr. Buchanan's ohurch in Wiokham terrace was closed, but it seoms that the funds of that place of worship suffered no loss by this kindly aot on the part of the pastor and church officers. The collection at the morning service amounted to £22 Us. tid., a sum about equal to two collections on ordinary occasions. Punctually at 7 o'clook Mr. Buchanan took his seat on the stage of the Opera House, as did also the Fisk Jubilee Singers, who opened the proceedings by singing "Steal •way to Jesus," and chanting the Lord's Prayer. Mr. Buohanan having offered prayer, the congregation at his request rose and sang "Rescue the perishing." After the 90th Psalm had been read and prayer offered, the Fisk Jubilee Singers rendered, "I've been redeemed," which was followed by the hymn, " Eternal Father strong to save." Mr. Buchanan, on commencing his address, said he had chosen two texts as a prefix to his lecture in order to give him as it were a starting-point for the description he had to place before his hearers. The first was to be found in the Song of Solomon, at the eighth chapter and the seventh verse, and the second in the sixty-ninth Psalm. These verses read together expressed a declaration, and at the same time a prayer—•• Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it;" and "Let not the flood overwhelm me, neither let the deep swallow me up." The rer. gentleman went on to say that world- startling events might be regarded as shadows passing over the human race; but the worla moved on. The shadows came and went, alternating with sunshine, and there seemed to be a movement over the face of the multitude like shadows over the meadows on a summer day. Deep, dark shadows had passed over the world many, many times, coming baok in various forms and making men tremble from one end of the earth to the other. There had been very black olouds in the history of calamities. Once in a century, perhaps, an impression was made which was made for all time. If they looked back they might notice two or three such •vents for the purposes of comparison. What a blaok cloud was that which rose as it were from the centre of the earth and enveloped the city of Lisbon in 1756, when something like 30.000 people perished; and what a dreadful calamity that, when the earth heaved and opened np great chasms in Caracas in 1812, and swallowed up 12,000 people. In 1871, the world was startled and shooked when the great fire of Chicago made 99,000 persons homeless, but even in that terrible catastrophe only 250 lives were lost. Many other great calamities might be referred to, bnt these would give some idea of the events of this character which had marked the history of the world and which filled men with awe. But if they were to considerably reduce the number of those stated as having perished in the Cone maugh Valley, still they had before them one of the most appalling calamities in history. The blackest cloud that had ever fallen on this fair earth fell on the afternoon of Iriday week. Sweeping down that Conemaugh Valley, in whiohrecordhad said Ss,ooopeopleresided,oame the roaring torrent, and afterwards when the roll was called only some 9000 persons responded. Property to the value of £8,000,000 had also been destroyed. It was beyond human con ception. Some of his dearest friends lived in that town, and among the most revered of them was tiie minister there—a man who had laid his hands upon his (the speaker's) own chil dren, and baptised them in tho name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He longed to know whether that good man had escaped the remorseleuflood. Thelastplaoeinwhichhe(Mr. Buchanan) had publicly spoken in America was Johnstown. He would never forget that evening when friends aooompanied him to the station after his lecture on the Aus tralian colonies; how there seemed to be a great bond of sympathy between the people in the Antipodes and those in the Northern Hemisphere. Their thoughts were turned to those in Australia, and when he ■poke to them their sympathy was centred on this great island. Should not the people of Australia send baok to those who yet lived in Johnstown indications that they had as much sympathy in return? Had'suoh a calamity ooourred in any of these colonies thousands of pounds would have been sent to the assistance of the sufferers. He saw before him an audience which he might estimate to consist of 2000 persons. Multiply that by twenty, and add three more Buoh housefuls to the sum—a rush of the mighty flood, and in half-an-hour all in eternity! Beyond all human conception, most oertainly, was this calamity. He asked them to visit in their imaarinations this valley of death. They might approach it from the west, but he preferred that they should follow the flood in its onward course. Leaving Philadelphia and passing through Horrisburg and Altoona great prepara tions were needed to give the motive power to carry them over the great barrier. It was night when last be passed over that railway line, but he bad often done 60 in daylight. On that memorable night aB they were rounding the famous Horseshoe Curve, he heard the puffing as it were of innumerable engines, and as he looked out he saw eight locomotives taking the train up the fiteep grade. On the lino going up to Toowoomba the train seemed to run round the sides of tho mountain, but the ravines approaching Conemaugh Valley were deoper, nnd the mountains seemed higher. On reaching the summit the train, together with the eight locomotives, entered a long tunnel, but on coming out again thoy discovered that seven of the engines had left tho train. The station of Galitzin was announced, and to thin name he wished particularly to refer. Over 100 years ago there was a nobleman in Russia named Prince de Gulitzin, who had an only son. That lad was consecrated to Clod, and he found his way to the centre of this mountain in the Cambria county. He entered the county in 1789, just 100 years ago. Ho lived there for thirty years serving the rude pioneers who bad settled there, and living for them when he might have been revelling in luxuries. Galitzin was a Roman Catholic, but he (the speaker) gave all honour to a man who, whatever his religion, lived for the glory of God and the advance ment of humanity. Mr. Buchanan then went on to describe the descent from Galitzin through Cresson Springs, the gorges, rapid?, cliffs, to Conemaugh Valley. He re ferred to the faot that in June the crops of wheat and Indian corn would be ready for harvesting, and to the beauties surrounding the homes of the people at such a time. He spoke of the situation of Johnstown as being picturesque, and its population as the most cosmopolitan in America. The Cambria cfty ironworks, where probably 10,000 people were employed, was referred to, and the Pennsylvania Central Railway was spoken of as having carried more freight than the whole mercantile service of Great Britain. Mr. Buchanan then retraced his steps through the village of Conemaugh to South Fork. Looking down upon the placid lake one could not imagine that there was any harm in it. Johnstown many years ago was the head of canal navigation, and the reservoir was originally built to supply the water for the canal. They might therefore easily under stand that the reservoir was old and weak; many serious warning* had been given to the people—indeed it was the theme of con versation when he was there as to what would be the consequences should it burst. The lecturer then described the waterspout—how clouds of inky blaokness, like the marshalling of mighty hosts, came together, swoop.d down, and kissed the earth or touohed it with a crash. Speaking of the warning the people were said to have had, he said It was merely a con jecture. He believed if the warning had been given by telegraph that the reservoir was bursting, the people would have had plenty of time—but they were probably too sceptical— for within ten minutes a good walker could have reached a place of safety. He imagined that had a messen^r run through the streets crying "The reservoir has burst," they would say, "What is that lunatic yelling about." So sceptical was humanity that he would not wonder if the majority of those who were saved were the few who took heed of the warning. There was that wild deep cry of earnestness as tho first crash came, and the reeling and tottering of houses, and the shrieks of the multitudes of men, women, and ohildren, who by the onward rash of the mighty waters were hurried on to death. Bat that was not all. Onward went the waters; they flooded the mines, the miners dying without understanding the cause of their awful death. On went the floating mass of d6bris, to which many hopelessly dung, until it was blocked at the bridge and fired. What a scene must it have been on that Friday night as the fire burned and the flood engulphed! Bat worse than all, after the waters began to subside and the bodies of the victims came to the surface, fiends in human form were seen robbing those relics of humanity of the jewellery which in life had been so prized. He was glad to know that these fiends were not Anglo-Saxons. (Applause.) He knew that those listening to him could not help but applaud even though it were Sunday night. The sense of justice educated and developed in the human race was of such a character that many of these men were driven into the floods, and others were hanged without trial. We should indeed feel thankful that the laws of God and of the land protected us from such lawless libertinism. Was it to be wondered at when those who had survived after viewing the mournful procession some two miles long, or thinking of their bereavements, should become frantic with despair and be driven to suioide ? The speaker referred to human carelessness and the many unheeded warnings which men called the pointing of the finger of Providence. But it was not. These men were violating the laws of gravitation. Years and years ago they knew this, but when they had violated it to a certain point how remorseless was the onward rush! Yet blessings sometimes oame to humanity under tho disguise of calamities. When the message of the great fire at Chicago was carried to Great Britain there was a clasping of hands that had never been known before. When the North and South had fought their bloody battles, thousands were struck down in the South with the yellow fever, but brave men and women from the North went South and nursed the sick and buried the dead; and this scourge did more to unite the Nor thern and Southern States than anything else. And so it was with regard to his hearers. Did they think that had it not been for the dread ful calamity they would have been considering the case of those in America P Suoh things did much to cement the bonds of the universal brotherhood, whioh was gradually being established. The news of this catastrophe had come under the waves, but over the waves should go their sympathy. There would be a record of that meeting in one of the Fittsburg daily papers, and thonallin that land would Bee that the people of Queensland had risen nobly to extend brotherly sympathy to brothers who were suffering. Reverting to the establish ment of a universal brotherhood, Mr. Buchanan said that the cables which had been laid down for commercial purposes had done much towards attaining this end, and quoted Whit tier's cable hymn:— Throb ou strong pulso of jthunder,? - /*» » ; Beat from aHsweriu^baacb^ 'beicn") ( ' , Fuse natious in thy kjndTyMieat,' " ■-' And melt the chains qf each,,. For lo! the fall of oceatt's;watt-4 _• •'• ( _• ; Spaco mocked aud iitue outt mV ' •'' '-' _ 'Till rouud tho world tfief'thought of all Is as the thought of One..' . ... In conclusion, the rev. genUeman ;prayed that the sympathy of all Australians would bo extended to those who survived this calamity and yet Buffered from it, A collection was then taken up, and during its progress Mr. Buchanan spoke highly of the manner in which tbo publio in Brisbane bad come forward on this occasion. He announced that the Fisk Jubileo Singers would give a benefit concert this evening, and tbat he bad received a letter of sympathy from the American Consular agent in Brisbane (Mr. Geo. Harris), who had enclosed a cheque for £10. He also expressed his willingness, should tho publio request it, to again deliver his lecture for the benefit of those who had been unable to gain admittance. After the collection, whioh resulted in a sum of £165, had been taken up, the hymn " Jesu, lover of my soul" was sung by the congrega tion, and " Swing low sweet chariot" by the Fisk Jubilee Singers. The benediotion brought the proceeding's to a close. It may be mentioned that the Opera House was placed at the disposal of Mr. Buchanan free of oharge by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove; and the organ by Mr. H. J. Pollard, while Messrs. B. S. Hews and Co. undertook the printing of the programmes gratis. The Fisk Jubilee Singers gave ad enter tainment on Monday in the Centennial Hall in aid of the sufferers by the late disaster at Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The hall was filled in every part by an audience whioh listened to the various numbers forming the programme with marked attention and appreciation. The singers, apparently animated by the occasion, and by the presence of an audienoe evidently in sympathy with it, sang with great spirit and feeling. Just before the olose of the proceed ings Mr. Loudin announced, amid lond ap plause, that the total receipts of the entertain ment amounted to £73 10s., the whole of which would be available for the sufferers by the disaster unless there had to be some reduc tion for the rent of the hall—and he threw ont the suggestion to the owners that it would be a graceful thing to grant the hall free of charge. 