Some useful work was done at the late sitting of tbe Municipal Conference in Sydney in the direction of giving publicity to various matters standing urgently in need of legislation. Among other resolutions carried was one to the effect " That all Government lands used for private purposes be liable to taxation." Tbe jostioe and commonsense of this proposal must commend itself to all who are at the pains to consider the question. The taxation of Government buildings used purely for Government purposes is of course on the face of it absurd, because the tax in such a case is paid by the State to the State. It is no more than taking money out cf one pocket and putting it into another. It is, however, a very different thing when the building, though Government property, is used as a private residence. Taking for example the cottages on the railway reserve, which under the provisions of an Act passed last year are exempt from taxation, there would appear to be no reasonable ground for such exemption. The fact that the occupants are employed by the Bail way Department surely is not sufficient to relieve them from the ordinary obligations of citizenship. If these people were not provided with accommodation by the Department they would have to buy or rent private property and pay rates thereon. As a matter of fact some of the railway people do this, and in common faimesB to the municipality all private residences ought to be liable to rates. Failing such liability, indeed it may be said that the Eailway Department is competing—to the extent of the rates— at an unfair advantage with private landlords. Another reform the necessity of which was properly brought under notice was that of makiDg more liberal concessions for the maintenance of main roads within municipal boundaries. A few years ago tbe onus of keeping these roads in order was cast upon -the local bodies, and tbe responsibility haB in many cases proved altogether beyond the means of the Coun- cils to cope with. The plea upon which 80 serious a burden was imposed was the early prospect of the passage of a new Local Government Bill under which the whole conditions of the relationship between the central Government and the municipalities would be revised. But years have gone by, tbe Local Government Bill is as far off from becoming law as ever, and pending its enactment the request of the Conference that a mileage vote be granted is a modest as well as a reasonable demand. Perhaps the raoBt important of all the proposals submitted, however, was that contained in a motion brought forward by Mr. THOMPSON, Mayor of this town, to the effect:— "That, in the opinion of this association, it is desirable that a comprehensive Pablic Health Bill be presented to Parliament; and that this resolution be communicated to the hon. the Colonial Secretary." This is a question literally of vital interest in all centres of population. Under the present condition of affairs tbe local authorities are absolutely powerless to take effective measured to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, and an outbreak of typhoid fever or last issue the " spirits " have been busy in the neighborhood of Adelong, the manifestations taking the uncomfortable form of stonetbrowing. As usual in such cases the occurrences only take place in the immediate vicinity of a particular medium—in this case a young lady—and also as usual, the manifestations, seldom or never occur when this" medium " chances to be in. full view of other persons. It may indeed be pretty safely asserted th*' of the many cases of these remark * phenomena recorded, from the me 1 * 8 ® ebrated "Cock Lane Ghost" down tr sent day, in no / the preinBtance there a trustworthy reeo is testations being notice ' id of the manid medium was under so long as the of unbiassed peir the close observation the voluminof ^ons. A careful study of , . , literature extant on this abstruse r .oject goes to show that the spirits resent investigation and inquiry; Let the ardent believer come to the scene, and what American humorists call "the circus " at once commences. Stones jump up from the gronnd, furniture indulges in unseemly antics, and the laws of nature in short are for the time being suspended. When, however, the cold calculating sceptic seeks to apply the practical tests suggested by commonsense, in order to verify the phenomena, the phenomena won't turn up to be verified. This is discourteous on the part of the phenomena. It is well, how* ever, to be just. An instance at this moment occurs to us in which the mani- festations proceeded under the observation of a sceptic. Some years ago a certain house in Aibury boasted the possession of a medium in the person of a girl who was affected iu much the same way as the young lady at Adelong. Sticks and stones and pieces of broken crockery ware used to come flying on to the house at all hours in the most unaccountable manner, and the neighbours began to feel uncomfortable and alarmed. Here, as in all similar cases, the most careful examination failed to detect the cause, and it is probable indeed that if the spirits had been fairly treated nothing ever would have been discovered. The matter, however, having been brought under the notice of the head of the Roman Catholic Church a watch waB sot in the belfry of the convent, and it was found that the medium (of course under the spiritual influence) used to come out when nobody was looking and throw the stones, &c.;, herself. It is perhaps scarcely a nice thing to suggest a course which on the face of it looks like taking a mean advantage of the residents of another sphere, but if the Adelong people are really determined to solve the myBtery, we may point out that the aid of a keen observer perched on some convenient housetop commanding a view of the haunted house might prove of much value in their highly interesting psychological researches. In view of the large demand for land for purposes of settlement, and the comparatively small area of really first-class country now available for selection, intending purchasers will do well to turn their attention to inferior and scrub lands hitherto disregarded. Under the new law which will shortly come into force, the old minimum rent of 2d. per acre will be done away with, and if the land Is not worth more than say a halfpenny per §cre per annum, the rent need not be assessed at a greater value. Selectors will tbue have an opportunity of obtaining a fair-eized holding for a very moderate outlay, and in many cases this scrub land when cleared and otherwise improved, becomes equal in value to country which in the first instance was in demand at a much higher price. Thk River.—The Murray yesterday was 10>t. 6in. over summer level and falling. Snipe—The first snipe of the season shot by Mr. Hayes on Tuesday io ere Mr. Kennedy's paddock. Tbain Changes —The Sydney .. . is now due here at 11.45 a.ro. ir "TV , p.m. The morning train for F atead at 9 a.m. instead ot 8.40. now "V leavea Bankruptcy Mkrtiw . . . _ in the estate of Patrfrandera, coacbbuil? c* "SweeneyofNa- Narandera on £8r' will be held at Thk Rabbot d October, with the rabH -—A curious fact in connection our notice % P*® 1 ha8 been brought undec who stat' • j y ® fw mer the Whitton district, blade ' that while the rabbits devour every tour' jf grass they leave the grain cropa unseed. 8axe of Station.—A sale of land in the estate of J. J. Keogh, jua, was held at the * Globe Hotel on Tuesday by Mr. L Solomon. The land consisted of 640a c.p. and 1920a c.1., parish of Cootainon. The lot realised over £3000, and was knocked down to Mr. J. J. Keogh, sen. Hiscockh Minbtrew.—This very popnlar company opened for a short season on Monday evening at tbe Mechanics' Institute. The entertainment, which was of a varied character, including singing, acting, thought revding, and character sketches, was of a high.order ot merit, and drew large and appreciative audianceB. A Good Lambing.—Errebendery station has just finished lamb-marking, and tbe per centage turns out to be the best that has been obtained on the station for 10 ye&rs;, which, in view of the season that has just been passed throngh, is reason for warm congratulation. From 9000 ewes 82 per cent, of iambs have been obtained. The clip promises to be firstclass. ALBUEY (H) COMPANY 1ST REGIMENT V.I.— Saturday, 5th October, 4 p.m.—The company will parade at orderly-room in drill order for company drill. Monday, 7th October, and Friday, 11th October, 8 p.m.—Company drill, orderly •room, plain clothes. Lance-corporal Davis, orderly sergeant; Private Laird, corporal ; Jno. Wilkinson, captain commanding (H) Company. DOG REGISTRATION.—Owners of dogs may be reminded that their animals should have been registered by Monday last. Fourteen days' grace are allowed, but any person in the possession of an unregistered dog for more than 14 days after the 30th ult. are liable to a penalty of 10s. and costs. The police have re- ceived instructions to take proceedings against all offenders against the Act, BO that it will be well for owners to attend to its provisions. ALBURY DEUTSCHER VEREIN.—The anniversary ot the Albury German Association was celebrated by a very succesBlul picnic and by a social gathering at St. Patrick's Hall. The " social" took place on Monday evening at St. Patrick's Hall, and was attended not only by a very large number of German residents of the town and district, bat by a great many ot other nationalities. The evening's programme included vocal and instrumental music and dancing, and the entertainment was most enjoyable. AN ACTION SETTLED—The action of G. M'Lennan and wife v. J. Balfour was set down for hearing at the Circuit Court on Wednesday. This was an action to recover .£500 damages for injuries sustained by plaiotiff* in Consequence of being thrown oat of a buggy, the horses in which took fright and bolted on seeing an obstruction placed temporarily on the road from Culcairn to Germanton for the purpose of drafting sheep. The action was settled out of court, on defendant paying ,£250 to cover all costs. THE WALLA WALLA ROADS.—Mr. J. Hayes, M.L.A., has received the following communication :—" Department ot Public Works, Sydney, 23rd September, 1889. Sir,—I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of the petition presented by you respecting the state nf roads in the Walla Walla district, and to inform you that the matter has been referred for the report of the proper officer, and wheu the necessary information has been received a further communication will .be made to you.— I have, &c.;, J. BARLING, Under-Secretary." SUPERIOR PUBLIC SCHOOL.—Changes in the teaching staff have been made as follows: —Miss M. Weissel to succeed Miss Drummond as pupil teacher in the girl's department; MUB EL Anderson to succeed Miss Lipsett as pupil teacher in the infants' department; Miss M. Vile is to succeed Miss Weissel as pupil leachet in the public cchool at Corowa, and Miss J. Davidson to occupy a similar position in the Howlong public school, vice Miss Anderson ; Mis3 Drummond has been placed in charge ot the provisional school at Gerogery railway station, and Miss Lipsett has charge of the provisional echool at Round Waterhole. A GOOD CLIP.—Shearing has commenced on Burrongong station, and from the appearance of the wool so far a splendid clip is anticipated. The rams beiDg the first flock to be operated upon by the experts with the blades, they have quite if not over reached the expectations of the owners by cutting fleece? weighing from 161b. to 18lb., aod in one oi two instances up to 20lb. ^er fleece, this being an extraordinary weight considering they are not of the American type. A small lot of two-tooth ewe studs averaged 12£lb.- The two-tooth wethers are now in the hands of th shearers, 2500 of them having been shorn up to the present, and averaged 8$lb. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" Selector," Boggy Creek.—Tou must write your question more plainly. We cannot understand it. " W.C.," Merringreen.—Water the plants with an in- (UBion of quassia chips. If very badly affected it may be better to take them up and manure the ground well before planting again. Strong vigoious growth is the most powerful enemy of these attacks. "J. M'Donald."—If the engine were bought in bond you would save the whole duty. If bought with the Victorian duty paid, the amount of rebate would be matter of arrangement between buyer and seller. The cost of conveyance to Albuiy would be abont £5. From Albury to Nevertire the freight would be about £27 6a. if sent as a five- ton engine. If sent as four tons the cost would be heavier. " Geebung."—Yes, it will be open. MINING AT TUKBARUMBA.—Our correspondent writes :—" Tne drive in the prospecting shaft is in about 46ft., and without any material change beyond what I stated in last report; and I am sorry to say that in consequence of the laxity of some of the contributing shareholders work will most likely have to be suspended for waDt of cash. Our local contributors have come up to the scratch manfully, uot only with their money, but have also spent a lot of valuable time in directing operations. Not so with the metropolitan contributors, who appear to be hanging back and making ready for a' grab' if anything good should be strnck, leaving the onus on the local subscribers. It would be a pity to suspend work at the present- stage, as something like £800 has been expended, and will be in a mxnner wasted unless the work is carried go." IMPORTANT LAND RULINGS.—The chairman of the local land board mled (says the Cootar mundra Herald) that no application to substitute other improvements in lieu of fencing can be entertained alter the granting of the land to the applicant. He also ruled, in answer to an application to hear a case here instead of in Temora, that to pursue such a course was highly objectionable. The value of the court was that it was open to the public ; and there might be persons interested in watching a case, and if so the shifting of the place of hearing after it had been publicly announced in t.he papers virtuallv amounted to hearing it with closed doors. Upon its bairg urged that there was a precedent for such a course, the chairman said be could not recollect it then ; but, if wrong had been done in the past, it did not afford a reason why it should be repeated. He therefore refused the application. ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Taesday, Thomas Curley was summoned for allowing cattle to stray in the streets. A fine of 5s. per head was imposed with costs. Edward Scanlau, similarly charged, said the cattle were registered and paid ior on the common. The police magistrate said this was not a sufficient excuse. The small fee paid for cattle on the common was for grass, and was not sufficient to cover the cost of supervision. A fine of 103. was imposed. W. J. Jones, T. Galvin, VV. M'Oamey, D. Slattery, J. Gleeson, W. Dumbrell, John Sherry, F. O'Brien, John Cjnnors, G. Liwson, S. Moffict, T. Qaiulan, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrr. Schoemaker, T. Looney, W. Tregoning, Mrs. Wells, Jacob Dillinger, and William Clark were also summoned. lo the case of Mrs. Mitchell and J. Dallinger an order was made for payment of cost of summons. In the other cases a fine of 10j. was imposed for each animal, with costs. THE BLACK RANGE RESIDENCE AREAS.— A few days since Mr. J. Wilkinson had an interview with Mr. Brunker on behalf of the occupants of certain land at Black Range, who have had notice to quit. Mr. Brunker «id it was 'not the intention of the Depart •lent to unduly harass the occupants. There was no question but that the people who had settled down in the locality were trespassers. However, with a view of meeting the case, which seemed to him to be one meriting con siderstion compatible with a due regard to the law, he proposed to forthwith cancel the area from lease, and would at an early date proceed to put the areas up tor sale by auction, allow iug reasonable valuation to be fixed in each case for improvements, so that the areas would practically fall into the hands of the present occupiers. Furthermore, in cases whtre it was shown there were claims for consideration the Department would be willing to make other concessions. AN INTERESTING EXPERIMENT.—A good deal of interest has been aroused in medical circles in the old country by the discovery of a method of largely increasing the vitality of the aged. The Brown-Sequard system, as it is called, consists of the hypodermic injection of fluid obtained from certain glands of the lower animals, and the plan was put to a practical test with very satisfactory results at the Albury Hospital recently. It appears that a short time since a man over 60 years of age was admitted to the hospital suffering from hydatids. He was in a low condition, and after undergoing an operation for the disease he became worse. As a final resource Dr. Kennedy determined to try the new plan, and the experiment proved very successful. So->n after the injection the patient began to rally, and on Friday last—a week after the treatment —he was sufficiently recovered to leave his bed. The results of the system were apparent in the form of improved circulation and general increase of vigour. WINTER EVENING CONCERTS.—The last of the series of winter evening concerts in con nection with St. Matthew's Church look place at the school ball on Tuesday evening, and proved even more successful than any of the preceding entertainment?. The vocalists included several of our best known local amateurs and several who were heard ior the first time by an Albury audience. Mrs. Wigmore, who is a host in herself, sang two solos which were enthusiastically applauded, and also took part with Mr. Sims in the ever popnlar duet, "The sailor sighs." Mis* M'Naughton sang "Stay with me" very correctly and with much sweetness. Miss M'Liughliu was very successful with " Remember me no more" and "One love have I ; T " and the Misses Acocks acquitted themselves most creditably in an instrumental duet," The Grand March." Male singers were represented by Mr. Sims, Mr. Pruen, Mr. F. PetersoD, and Mr. Blanchflower—the last named geutleman giving evidence of a very powerful and welltrained tenor voice,and the others fully sustaining their established reputations. Mr. Duggan gave two recitations in his usnal masterly style, and a pupil of his—Master H. Griffith— fairly astonished the audience by his display of elocutionary power. SEVERE STORM.—A very violent storm broke over the town on the night of the 26th ult. So severe was the force of the wind that the rain which accompanied it was blown through the small windows of the Mechanics' Institute, and was distinctly felt falling in the middle of the hall by a number of persons witnessing the rehearsal of a dramatic performance then in progress. In exposed situations the force of the gale was the cause of considerable damage, Messrs. Maclure and Cameron sustaining a heavy IOBS in the destruction of a valuable plate glass window facing Townsend-street Stormy weather appears on the same day to tove prevailed over a wide extent of country. The express for Sydney, which left Melbourne on Thursday afternoon, had a narrow escape of being' derailed. Shortly after the train pulled np at Burnt Creek station, about 18 miles beyond Seymour, the enginedriver informed the stationmaster that the train had come into contact with some obstacle about a couple of miles from the station, and that the locomotive in question nearly left the rails. An examination showed that two trees had been blown down by the gale which occurred that evening. Portions of them had fallen across the line, breaking the telegraph wires in their fall. BANKRUPTCY COURT.—On Friday an adjourned meeting was held on the estate of James Sherry. The bankrupt said : I have sold my house and property at the top of Kiewa-street, which does not appear in my schedule ; this property was purchased by William Wyatt for .£450 about three months ago ; this property was mortgaged lo the Commercial B ink lo the extent of £360 ; I do uot own other property than that mentioned in my schedule, such as horses &•;. ; the balance of the money after clearing off the mortgage held by the bank was expended by commission for sale to W. R. Conley, £10, and the rest was absorbed in family expenses ; I have not paid any debts owing by Sherry and Galvin, but I was served with several writs at the suit of Felton, Griinwade and Co., Billson, and others for goods that had been obtained by Sherry aod Galvin ; the boise referred to in the s:hedule was at Tintaldra, and the saddle aud bridle were at my house ; I will deliver the saddle aud hi idle to the age at for the official assignee, or would go ami fetch the horse if my expenses were paid ; I have also paid several accounts with the balance of the money received through the sale of the Kiewas reet property, including one of £21 2i. 6d. to John M'Donald. The meeting then closed. Mr. Thorold appeared for the official assignee. Miss YON FINKELSTEIN.—In the Mechanics' Institute next Monday and Tuesday evenings this celebrated exponent of Eastern manners and customs will deliver two of her " Living Pictures of Bible Life." These entertainments of Miss Yon Finkelstein differ very widely from what is generally understood by the word lecture. It is her coatom to have the stage fitted up as an indoor and outdoor scene in Palestine, snd to have several assistants on the stage, who like herself are dressed in the costumes of the characters they represent, and «rho assist the talented lecturer in depicting many of the most interesting scenes in the Bible narrative. Such incidents as the hunt for the lost piece of Bilver, the camel passing through the eye of a needle, David dancing before the Lord, the last supper, Christ in the Temple, and many others too numerous to mention are in this way vividly represented. Miss Yon Finkelstein was born snd bred in Jerusalem, and consequently is thoroughly au courant with all the manners and customs of her birthland. Besides many of the illustrations could only be given by a lady, as in the Eist the men have no access to the women's compartments. Miss Yon Finkelstein's success bolh in the Old World and the New has been qaite unprecedented, and doubtless her visit to Albury, where she stops en route to South Australia, will be no exception. The plan of seats for the two lectures will be open this morning at the office of thiB paper. A CONTEMPTIBLE PILFERER.—We are creditably informed that a most contemptible theft h2S been perpetrated on Mr. H. J. M'Cooey, M.L.S., the well-known naturalist. It appears that Mr. M'Cooey, who at present is in this district holding a special commission from the Australian Museum authorities to collect and examine the reptiles of the Tumbarumba district, left his box cootaining scientific works, manuscripts, &c.;, in charge of a highly respectable and trustworthy family who reside near Germanton. It appears, however, that unknown to these worthy people, who are personal fiiends and near relations ot Mr. M'Cooey, some mean scoundrel, by some means as yet unexplained, got at the box, forced off the hinges (it being locked), and amongst other things abstracted a valuable triple lens, a lady's photo., and a manuscript essay entitled "Notes on the Habits of the Bird Fauna of Batemau's Bay." The loss of the lens, which was a gift from a scientific friend in Sfdney, and the loss of the photo, are certainly disagreeable and annoying enough, although these can be replaced ; but the loss of the manuscript essay is serioaB and disheartening, as it is the labour ot several years, and was complete and ready to hand to the Linnean Society for publication. Mr. M'Cooey, who is much distressed at the loss of the latter, states that it can never be reproduced, and is a direct loss to him of £40. The matter has ' een placed in the hands of the police, and we trust that the mean pilferer will soon be run to earth and receive his deserts. A DROUGHT PREDICTED.—Mr. Egeson in the course ot a letter to the Herald writes :— " R-viewing the position, we find 1823 a wet season like 1887 ; the drought of 1824 to be identical with that of 1888; the wet year of 1825 to compare with 1889; and regarding the wet season of the first few months of 1826, of which it was then said that 'so much rain has not fallen at this season of the year for the last 25 years,' must we not expect this to be repeated during the coming summer? For with increasing rains from now we shall reach a maximum in December or January, and in the drought which commenced in the winter of 1826 and continued for three years we have warning as to onr lot when the summer has gone, in trow eix to nine months from the pre* sent time. Reasoning upon the subject, does it not seem natural that when a cycle has been traced which conclusively proves lhat all our climatic elements vary every 33 years, and one or more years, by outside or other it fluence, become accelerated, does it not seem netural that a reaction should take place which will restore the normal state, and that a succeeding rainy year should be correspondingly delayed, and that the intervening two years should he passed in drought ? After every excessively wet year follows a drought as a reaction, and the intently ot the drought varies with the previous excess over the mean cyclical grade, as shown in my ' Weather System consequently, from the operation of the two causes, results three years' drought, which in this case mav he expected to extend from the middle of 1893 to the middle ot 1893 or en, to correspond with the drought of 1827-29. The drought of 1837-39 was caused by the same operations, and which, I have no doubt, can be ascribed to the influence of Bolar changes." THE TICKET-OF-LEAVE MAN—The members of the Amateur Dramatic Club performed " The Ticket-of-Leave Man " at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday night to a good house, in aid of the funds of the hospital. The piece was very well put on the stage, some of the scenery painted specially for the occasion—we believe by Mr. Duggan—being very artistically executed. The acting also was highly creditable. Mr. Duggan in the title role did full justice to a rather difficult character. Mr. M'Williams as Dalton made the most of a part which was hardly calculated to enable him to display his abilities to the best advantage. Mr. Euderby's Hawkshaw was a very clever performance ; Mr. Dan Day made a sufficiently portly landlord ; and Mr. Bradstreet acquitted himself wellinthepart of Jones. The Melter Moss of Mr. E. Walsh was perhaps the most striking feature of the whole per- formance, both in the " make-up" and in the actor's consistent adherence to his conception of the character. If this young gentleman did not happen to be very much better employed, he would have a very fair prospect of Buccess on the bouds as a professional comedian. Mr. Petch as the billbroker and Master Laird as the larrikin were well up in their respective parts. The acting of the ladies deserves special commendation. The part allotted to Miss Millthorpe was only a small one, but it was well filled. Mrs. Vipan and Mrs. Down, on the other hand, had each of them to sustain a heavy and difficult role, and i hey were fully equal to the occasion. Mrs. Vipan as the fussy and loquacious grandmother acted her part to the life; Mrs. Down' 8 representations of w May Edwards " was a very happily conceived and natural piece of acting. The overture and incidental music were very efficiently supplied by Bellini's orchestra. THE LATE MR. J. C. M'DOUGALL —With reference to this accidental death of this gentleman, who it will be remembered was formerly stationed in Albury, a Balmain journal has the following :—" The demise of the above-named gentleman, which we briefly noticed in last issue, was made the cause of an inquest on Saturday at the Town-hall Hotel, Bilmain, before the city coroner, Mr. Woore. The witnesses examined proved that Mr. M'Dougall was last seen at 10 p.m. on Satnrday in Cameron-street, apparently proceeding toward bis home in his usual health. Dr. Wihon and the widow gave evidence to the effect that the deceased had said he had tripped over a stone, and, in falling, strnck his head against the kerb. The doctor described his treatment of deceased, and said that on the day before death an incision had been made in the scalp, by himself and Dr. Bott, to search for a possible fracture of the skull, but none could be found, and that paralysis set in about twenty hours before death. On the day after deceased died he (the doctor) together with Dr. Bott made a post-morlem examination of deceased's skull, when they discovered that it had a fracture 2| inches long, not where the blow on the scalp was visible, but two inches forward of it. The fracture, and rupture of one of the principal arteries of the brain, were the cause of death. A verdict was given to the effect that deceased had met his death through tripping over a stone, and in the fp',1 fractured hie 6kull. Mr. M'Dougall hs>u not been very long in BalmaiD, but was well known throughout Victoria, having been for some years a Wesleyan minister. He was a good speaker, and a lecturer of no mean ability. Some six or seven years ago while he was residing at Geelong, the deceased met with an accident through the wheel of a buggy coming off, and on that occasion suffered concussion ot the brain, narrowly escaping death, and he never seemed the same afterwards. He resigned his position in the Wesleyan Church in Victoria, and joined his brother in literary work in connection with this jmrnal. He was a man who mide himself liked in all kinds of company, and in Balmain had gained general respect, numerous letters of regret at his deathhaving been received from leading residents^ The last rites were paid to the remains of deceased on Sunday afternoon when eeverat relations and intimate friends attended th& funeral to the Waverley cemetery, the ceremony being conducted by the Revs. W. G. R. Stephenson (Wesleyan) and R. M'Keown (Church of England); the Revs.|E. D. Madgwick and P. J. Stephen were also present and attende d » e G ,°, S , h '3 A -' »t the house. Mr. M'Dougall s fellow-workers in this office desire to rccord here, their deep sense of their irreparable loss." I PIANOFORTE TuNiKG.-Mr. F. Linden an. nounoee that his 19th half-yearly visit to Albuiy Mid district Will be during this mouth, ^ 