BRISBANE. [FBOM Otra OWH OOB&BHPOKDEHT.;] March 18. I The Post.-am! Telegraph Department tp-. ?eeMsfl tkfomainon to-tfay itxjm Bulwer stating that the brig Pata has arrived there {Uid re ports the {on bfltho schooner Northern Belle, which rfstmdered off thelsland iff Motl&b;, in the Bank* Group. Four white men and six teen kanaka* were drowned. The Para has the survivors on board. ' About 8000 people attended the St. Pat rick's sports at the Exhibition Grounds to day. The procession from tbs city was formed of the Brisbane Irish sod Scottish volunteers, with their bands at the head, fol lowed by the members of the various Hiber nian/~soaietiee,^#)so headed by their bands. The pruipipal event in the sports, the prises for which amounted in the aggregate to about £400, was the St. PatriokV handicap, the first prize being £40. This was won by K. A. Feltham, but a protest was entered against him on the ground ' that be had nominated himself without giving any previous record, and it is suspected that he is on English crack runner. J. T. Joyce was second for this event. Every event was well oontested, and great enthusiasm prevailed. The Intercolonial Cricket Match, Queens land Fifteen v. N. S Wales Eleven, was re sumed to-day in the presence about 2000 people. The, {jueenslanders, with seven wiokets down for 72, resumed their Innings and ran up a total of 122. The New .South Wales team, in their second innings, wcro all disposod of for 95. The. Queenslsuders had lost one wicket for 15 runs, whon the stumps wore drawn, and have therefore 104 to make to win. BAND or HOPE.-The quarterly entertain ment ti th» Band of Hope will be given in the Protestant H*U qr> Monday night next, the 25th inst. The Rev. W, Wall will give an address on "Betting." Tt? entertainment, will be interspersed with Solon ljy gome favourite singers, and dialogues and recitatfens will also form part of the evening's amusement. The prioes are very reasonable, the programme on interesting and Instructive one, and we hope to see a large attendance on the eveniug of the 23 th. AN "GHOST." - The following amusing cable despatch reaches us under date London, March 13;-"An action was tried to-day in which Robert Dennis sued Mr. Henniker Helton, M.l'., for £500, for writ ing his speeches, articles published in the National Review, and letters to the Timet and the Postmaster- Genoral, during the years 1885 to 1888, and for preparing the statement made before the Colonial Conference by Mr. Heatu* with rogard to the postal contracts, and generally acting as his 'ghost.' Tiio ac tion was serae4 by Mr. Heaton paying £400 to the plaintiff sad £900 costs. Mr. Hen niker Heaton is <&e; Cwnery^tfc/q member for : Canterbury, and appears to |iave yon the 1 seat by making pretty free .\iso' ^ihsr pooplo's brains. This cxposi proves blip to: ,1 be Just what Australians have all ulung regar-, i ded him aa-aa arrant humbug. j < 