La Hulette. ANNO 1S14. By \V. CLARK RUSSfiLk I fcaVe ruvSttd what weight fcrW Was fa. tiffs riSan swell till I felt tho V tluVffc "0? ft- from the low seat of Urn Nhfpb q\Shrter-lh..it. The R'.by looked to 4>- roiling on it as heavily agm as she Keemed to have been when \ Was 'Oft her deck, and the beat, of Jfat CinVAs Agaihsi tl'.u mast nuu; in YoHcVs tiiVuugb ike air like the <vf VnlteVrcs up there. The wreck V\n»e Vent as we sank and and I oiuiglit the second mftbn .yV- ing hct 6ttmewli.it anxiously ft though UiwirtMhg to himself \\\\\nVi the safest Otjdge to bo.irtl !\VM\ She was further off Mian 1 shoViM tevVA deemed possible, so VloccntiVc : distance at sea, and though kht; nW tsbnnien pulled cheerily the jub of b.V, bring the interval between tho two craft. what witli the voluminous liGnVe. of tlic swell running at iw, and what with tiie roasting fun-.hflie Dint lay hkeft afaise of pMvdysta iii the backbond proved vciy loditttts to fay ifapititthCB to come at the hulk awd vxMvi her. As ire swept hmm\ tflvd'oV her stern, Supposing that S.larboAr'd side ivbuld bp clear of Wreckage, I glanced at tilt ifctfy/ ftliil saw Jli.it they ivcFo cleivnig hb n'ei 1'ovals, and hauling down lifa flying jib with hands on tiu -yfthl rolling the sail up. Vrvto spurs nnd a litter of trailing on cither side the liulk ; every roll w as a spiteful snapping at the ropes with a drag of the floating sticks which svime- t'bics made the water hvtUi. "We must Ittf.rtl hfa- asterh," said the iilatv> "ami Mniid by for a handsome dip w 'he Ominter.'' f'ur apjnuach was wy cautious; in- ilycd it was necessary in lnancvuvrc very b'ingorly hV-leOd. We got on to the 'jUaittf nw\ watching his chance the bow U'lrsntnii e!e\ orly sprang through th'o C'rWsbcd rail as the deck buoyantly »Wahg flown to the heave of tlfa carrying the end < if t lie tinlcr with him ; the mate fnllowtA Mid I after a tolerably b»ug intoiyM. wanting pcrliaps the nerve md rtfrtamly the prn'Mi.-ecl limbs of the ni'v,rs. In truth 1 may as well say here '.luil 1 should have stuck to the lxmt ami waited for the mate's report hut for tho , dislike of being laughed nl when 1 returned. 1 very well knew I should not K- spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty founds Vnther tlinn liaVe quitted Uiu flie hull had a desperately wrecked look inlxwrds with tin mess of rojtes. Waves, jagged ends, crushed mils, rents manifesting the furv «»f the hurricane. I Mvept- a glance ahrng in c-xpcctatimi «>f beholding n dead body, nr. if you will, wiuc scarcely living though yet breathing twin ; hut nothing of the kind was to 1m 5ee». Hw mate hung his head fiver the Voni|i.inhm batch from which tlie cover had I'von clean razed ami peered flown, then shouted ami listened, But no fither found followed than the long moan and ! Iiu-c washing nub of the swell brimming to "the wnsh-stroak with a dim »rt of , linking gurgling imisc as of water stream ing from side to side in the hold. i ' Hardly worth while exploring those J tnobt bowels, 1 think, sir," said the mate, t 41 Oh, yes," said 1, "if we don't take a jH-cp under deck what will there Ihj to tell ? Thin is a quest of the ladies' making, tcmuinljer, and it must lie a complete thiug, or 4 stand by,' as you sailors say." " Kight you are, sir," said ho, 4 4 and so here goes," and with that he put his foot upon the companion-ladder and dropjicd | into the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty of light to see by streaming down through i he skylight ajierture and the hatch. The vahin was a plain snuff-colourcd room, with a few aleopingdierths running for- vanl, a rough taldc somewhat hacked and cut. nlwutas if witli the slicing of tobacco, n row of lockers on either hand, a stand «if tircanus right aft, and sonic twenty cutla&scs; curiftusly stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Slot as it was above, tho cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had l>ccn soused over and over again hy the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, seawcedy flavour in the atmosphere of it l lint made you think of a cave deep down in n sea- fronting cliff. Wc looked into the sleeping - birtlis, going forward to where a movable bulkhead stupjied the mad. It was not easy to walk ; the in creasing weight of the swell was defined hy the heavy, though comjiaratively buoyant, rolling of the hull. Hie deck went in slo>cs like the roof of a liuuso from side to side, with now and again an ugly jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn forced tho dismasted fabric into a swift recovery. 44 There's nobody aft here, anyway," raid the mate; "no use troubling our- Mlves to look for Iier imjierB, I tliiuk, ir." V No ; lnit- tliis is only one end of the rhip," 1" answered. "There may be a discovery to make forward. Can't we unship tliat bulkhead there, and so get into tiic 'tween -decks?" We laid hold of the frame, and after POeriKg a bit, of tlie cabin lay M C'l'V-mi, we Ivmlul that it stood in groo9» A!ul without much trouble we widen it open, and the interior, to pi; far as a bulkhead tl»«t walluu off ft bit of forecastle, lay clear bobire Us Ih the day. light chining through the main liatch. Holt we« ft V.UinWl- rf iiainmbcks n&ngnhg; from tli'e deck, hnu sonic ccoi'e inore scanieh a rlfasU and liags in ; heaps, c»r them split open, with quantities .of rough wearing ppati'l scattered about, insomuch tli.it i never could, have iinngitwd r. scene of wilder disordor. nor mie more suggestive of hurrjr', hud panical consteniation, and delirious headlong behaviour. "Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "No," I answered, 11 1 suppose her people loft lU'f ih their tniiUh stud that "HO of the NvrclclfaB V\liO Were forced to remain behind, wrote the letter we re ceived the other ,nighr." . , 44 At sn," said the n1ate» 44 there is no imaginiiig ho matlcre come about. I nllor tllftt the three men have been taken 'off by some passing vessel. Anyway We've dono our bit, mid the cajit'n, I expect, '11 be waiting for us. Thunder! how sho rolls," lie cried, as a very heavy lurch PPhl Ufa both reeling towards the side 'of Die craft. "Hnrk!" cried I, 41 wc are hailed from the deck." "Below there! " shouted a voice in the companion-hatch. 44 They've fired a gun alionrd the Indiainan, sir, aiid have run the ensign up half-faasted. The weather looks mighty. queer, sir." a Ha!" cried the inate, 44 conic along; Mh Oatcsby." Wc walked cautiously and with difli- culty aft, gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the liulij. She had furled her main sail and fore and inizen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter stavstails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her ft gun winked in a quarter-deck mrt.. and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the Mind. In fact, whilst we j were below, the breeze had chopped I clean round, and the Iluhii\\\;\ to leeward of tho m-roek. whl. a very heavy swell j rolling along its former curse, the wind ! rlead tho other wny, beginning to whiten ' the ridges on e.n-h lmo rtnnnl- hacked fold, and a white li'.hkne.ss — a flying aqttall of va|H>ur it looked to nic, with a seething and cixsuuiug line of ivater along tlie base of it as though it was something solid that Mas coming along — sweeping within lialf-a- milo of the M-rcck right I down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. 44 llau) the boat alongside." he shouted b» the fellow in her; " handsomely now, 1 lads. Stand by to jump into her," he . cried 1o the seaman who had lieeu thn Hirst- to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line, t They brought the boat humming and buzzing to the counter; the sailor stand- ; ing on the tati'mil plumped into her like a ! cannon-shot ; 'twas wonderful lie didn't 1 scuttle hvv, The mate whipping the j painter ofl' the pin, «t whatt-ver it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst lie bawled to me to watch iny chance and jump. But the wrerk lying dead in the trough was h.Uii'.g in a quite frenzied way. like tt see-saw dufipcnitnly worked. Her movements, Combined with the soaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding. 1 would gather myself together for n spring, and then, before 1 cohM make it, the boat was sliding, as it inigliL seem to me, twenty or thirty feet deep and "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. 44 1 don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable witli the nervous flurry that had cumc to me with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and help lessness. As 1 sjioke tlie words, sweep ! came tlie white smother off the sea over us with a spiteful! yell of wind of a weight that emote the check a blow which might have ; forced the strongest to turn liis back. ! The hissing, and seething, and crackling ; of the spume of the first of the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the boat of a heart too the Jinby and the ocean all her way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of tlie thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. 44 By , 1 have done it note!" cried the mate. Tho end of the painter had liecn dragged fmm his hand or lie had let it fall 3 And the wind catching the huat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud. Tlie seamen threw their oars over and headed for us, their faces Mile as those of mailmen. "They'll never stem tliis weather," cried the mate, 44 follow me, Mr. Catcsby, or wc are dead men !" 0c tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went o\ crboard without another word. J-oHcto him ! To tlic Iwttom, indeed ! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that wan not quite it. Bad 1 had my senses I might linve grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put my hand upon and gone after him witli it to paddJc and hold on till I was picked up. But all this business coining ujMm us so suddenly, along with the sudden blinding of ine by tlic vapour, the distracting yelling of the Mind and tlie sickening bcwildcrmOnt caused by the M-rock'n violent nilliiiH, somncd to have driven all my wits clear cut of my hesu. Tlie boat was Scarcely in<>nj titan a smudge in the thickness, vumrilihg add showing as sh'e BtttpL Up ;>hd rushed down the liquid declivities, held with hct how towards the hulk by the dtspcratvly- jilicd oars of tlic rowers. The mate was borne down rapidly fcoM-.ii'ds her. I could just see three of the sailors leaning over ihe side to drag him out of tho ivater ; the next instant the little fabric had vanished in the thickness, helplessly and M'ith horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to roscuo their officer. I d'» lmt know how long all this nifty have iieciipied ; a fmv minutes maybe sufficed fur the ivhble Of Hit) tragic passage. I .stood staring afld staring, incredulous of the truth ot ivliat had lie- fallen me, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart, I flung myself dnivn upon the deck under tlie lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly sway ing platform. I had met in my travels with but one specimen of sucli weather as this, it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the west ward : tho ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsoils, when without an intciT.il of so much as twenty ppoonds of calm she was tkon . right aback by a wind that came with the temper of half a gale w it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and dense as Wool ivas boiling and shrieking all about licr. For some time my consternation was so heavy that I sat mechanically staring into that part of the thickness ivjiorc tho boat had disappeared, without giving the least liced to the sea or to the ivreck. it was thru blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with fly»ng vapour, and an ugly bit of a rea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the ! forecastle startled mo into sudden percep tion of a real and imminent dagger. The fori) scuttle was closed, hut the mailt and companion hatchivaya yaWncd upcucd to tho weather ; there Were tin bulwarks Worth talking of to increase tlic ivrcck's hcijiht of sidy, and In hinder the free tumbling uf tlie surge on to the decks, so if tlic wind increased and tlie sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably till and go down like a thunderbolt ! it would 1m idle to try to express the thoughts ivhicli tilled me. 1 ivas like one stunned : now casting an eye at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing, j now with a heart of lead watching ths ! Mater frothing up-m the deck, us the hull .heaved fivin one side to another: thou st mining my sight ivilli a mad passion of ! i-agerncss into the vajiour that shut off all ! view of tlie ocean to within a cable's j length of me. There mils nothing to 1»e i done. Kven could 1 have met with tnr- i paulins, there ivas no sailor's skill in me ! to spread and secure thoiu over the open j hatches. However, when an hour had ; passed in this May, I took notice of n small I failure in tlie wind, tlnnlgh lltuve ivas no , lightening of the impenetrable mist. The ; folds of tlie .swell had dimilii. lied, and tho j .sea was running steadily ; the hull with her broudfriile dead on loj-e and foil with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck her 1m»\v, and blew in crystals over tlie head, or fell in scores of Inicketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray ivettcd the after part of her. It was now about six o'clock in the even ing. In tivo hours' time tlie night would have como down, and if tlie weather did nut clear, the blackness would bo that uf tho tomb. What ivould the Jinbt( do? Remain liove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A frag ment of comfort 1 found in remembering that the ivrcck's position Mould be knoivn to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for me, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless ; though to Ik sure much ivould depend ujnm the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there might be no water or provisions oil 1 o Ltd, I was seized with a sudden thirst, brod by the more apprehension that I might come to want a drink. There was still light enough to enable mo to search the interior, and now 1 suppose something of my manhood must have returned to mo, for 1 made up my mind to waste no mo ment of tlie precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death and in druums of desperate desM-in<lency. 1 went on my hands and knees to tlie hatch, lest if 1 stood up I should be knocked doivn by tlie abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sca swept from the taffruil to tlie 44 eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must lie sought below. 1 recollected tlmt one of the forward berth or cabins which tlie second mate and J had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; tlint is to say, in peering over iny companion's shoulders, I had caught a gliuipsc of crockciy on shelves, tlie out lines of jars, and so forth. But tlie in spection had been vety swift, scarce more than a glance. 1 made for this cabin now, very well remembering that it was the last of a miv of three or four on the star board side. 1 ojiened the d«Mr. and secured it by its hook to the bulkhead that 1 might see, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of ran pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two largo jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about lmlf full of fresh water, slung against tlie bulkhead, M'ith a little wooden tap fixed in it, ior the con venience 08 I supposed of drawing for cabin Use. There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and po on ; t.he patalogue ivould be tedious, nor docs my iflcmory cany tiiciil. I poured Bonie wine into ft tin pannikin; and found it very palatable, sound claret. J mixed me «i draught with told water, and ate a biscuit With a little slice of some kind «lf salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found mj'sclf extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I ivas by tliis discovery of pro visions and fresh water, for now 1 guessed that if the weather did not droirn tlic wreck, 1 might 1>o able to support life on board of her until the lluhy took nic off, j which I counted upon happening that night if the mboli shone; ot most certainly | next morning at jntest. My lmart lunv- i ttver rank Afresh wiicil 1 tbgaincd the deck. The sudden change from tlni life, the cheerfulness, the security of the Iiidiaman, to this — 44 oh, my God ! my God !" I re member exclaiming as I sank doivh under tlic lee of the fragment of bulivark, ivith a wild look around into tlie thickness and along the spray-darkcued planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. Tlie lone liness uf it I no sounds saving the dismal crying of tho wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and tlic ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, siviftly chasing one another out of sight past the ivall of vapour that circled uie ivrcck, with the blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as ivitli a ncnsiblc ligature into unbearable concen tration the dreadful sense of solitude in lnv soul. Slowly the wind softened down, vciy gradually the seas sank, and tlicir ivoriying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled the air, and so thick did it hang that, though by my watch 1 knew it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which 1 knew must be sufl'using the clear heavens down to the easternmost cuiifines above this maddening blindnoss of mist. Then came tlie blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it ivas that you ivould havfe thought every luminary above had been extinguished, and that the earth hinig motionless jn the sunless opacity of chaos out of ivhicli it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held iny seat on the deck ivith iny back against a bulwark stanchion. It ivas a warm night ivith a character as of the heat of steam owing to tlic moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes ivith ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of tho sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of tlie ivreck, and there was nothing else for tlie sight to rest ujH»n. At midnight it was blowing a ftinall breeze of wind and the sea running gently — at midnight 1 mean as 1 could best reckon ; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that tlie fog ivas 6till thick about me by no dim mest sj>ectre of moon or star showing. 1 then slept, and soundly too, for two or tlireo hours, and v;hen I awoke it ivas daylight, tlie sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue ivith masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining ivith a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with poivcr to wrinkle the water and no more. My liuibs wore so cramped that for a long while 1 ivas incapable uf rising ; when at last my legs liad recovered their Miner 1 stood erect aiul swept the ocean wilh my eyes. But tlie light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all aides. 1 looked and looked again, but to no purM)sc. 1 strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very m-c11 remcinlior falling on my knees and grovelling uj>on the deck in the anguish of my spirit. I had su surely counted on daylight exhibiting the Unity Bomeivhere within the circle ivliich enclosed me that tlic di&apj;>oi»t- ment that came out of tlic bald vacancy of the ocean struck mc down like a blow from a hammer. Presently 1 lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing tliirsty moved witli a tread of lead to tlie yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginaiy speck which dissolved upon tlie blue air whilst my gaze was on it. 1 mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piece of Dutch cheese tliat was on the shelf. I then thought I would look into tho cabins for ft chair to sit upon on deck, for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make mc a little .iMning. and pushed open the door of the berth Immediately facing the pantiy as I may call it. The wreck ivas rolling very lightly, and her decks wore iiom as easy of stepping fts the Indiaman's. Tins berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some, clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serVe my turn. The next ivas similarly furnished sgving that here I took notice tliat ft small .quantity of wearing npparcl lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and tliat the lid of a great box painted a dark green m'ith the letter D in white upon it had been split ojien as though tlie contents were to be rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabiu. This had some comfort of equipment in tlie shape of shelves and a chest of draivoi-s, and had doubtless been the commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, ft few books, a quadinnt, a large silver thin-piece, a small compass and one br tiro other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner1, tliei-b iverc throe chests in a row ivith a litter of boots and shods, a soft hat or two, a large handsome eluak costly ivitli fur, and so forth, strewed about tlic deck. I iv.os looking ivitli some wonder at these articles m'licn my eye ivas taken hy something bright near tho smallest uf the three chests. I picked it up ; it ivas an lEnglish sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped — here being tho same manifesta tions of terrified hurry as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabins. Tlic lid of the small chest was split in halves, and tho chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the box. A massive padlock ivas still in tlic staples. 1 lifted tho half of the lid and wa6 greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the cliest. Each division contained coins of various nations. They M ere all gold pieces— English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins of tho United States. I prized open tho padlock part of the lid and seized tho tray to lift it that 1 might observe ivliat lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my Utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box ivas revealed. Hie sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there sum was ft heap of rough brick- shaped stuff' of ft dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though I had never seen gold in tliat form before, I ivas satisfied, by tho extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull-coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. 1 slidcd the tray back to its place And let fall the two halves of tho lid, with another look around fflfi for Ally article that might be useful to me on deck. Hie excite ment kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dull mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eve roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, con cluding that it represented the privateers- man's sorted plunder; tliat in all likcli- | hood, ivhcn the rlish had been made to I the boats, one or more had split open tliis chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at tlie tray. But it was the con tents, no doubt, of this chost— if, indeed, tliis chest held all the treasure of the buccaneer — tliat was indicated by the writer of tlie letter in the concluding line of it, tlie closing woixls of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated tbo missive. 1 put the telescope under my arm and Missed into the cabin, aud found a small chair near the arms-rack, and near it, iih»n tlie deck, lay a great cotton uni- : hivlla, grimy and wet witli the saturation ' of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, I and carried it with the chair up the stojw. I There ivas a groat plenty of rupes-onds i knocking about. I cut a piece and unlaid j the strands, and, securing tlie umbrella | to a stanchion, sat down on the chair I under it; and, indeed, ivithout some such ' shelter tlie deck would liavc been insup- I portable, for, low as the sun still was in the east, his fires were already roasting, and I well knew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass— a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the officers of a vessel to her com mander; I forget the names, but rccolloct they were English. The placidity of tlie day dreadfully disheartened me. Hicre was but little weight in the languid air to heave tlie Ruby or any other vessel into view. The sea under the sun was like brand new tin for the dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced the hoary vapunrons clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and M'isps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it sm-am into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. \\\ eary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put doivn the glass and ivcnb to the main hatch ivitli tlic idea of making out what ivater there ivas in the lioM. Tlic pumps were gone, and the ivells of them sank like black shafts under tlic deck. But Whatever there ivas of ivater in the hulk lay so low tliat I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold — light, as I reckoned by tlie sit of the ivrcck upon tlic water — chiefly white wooden cases, M'ith here and there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted the hatch - cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people | of Ln Mvh-itr as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distaiicc abaft the hatch, and the deck ivas stoived ivith rolls of sails, coils of spare ringing, liaivsers, tackles, and so forth. 1 put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. 1 thought, 1 might find tlie bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to bo wit nessed in that wny ; so 1 closed the hatch again and went aft. Hie day passed, the light breeze lin gered, but it brought nothing into sight. 1 would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea- swept-, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibi tion of splintered dank and crushed bulwark, that had there been a mast left in tlie hull 1 might from the summit of it be able to see tlie Ruby, whose top- m.icf "Wlm lnv ciink lit'liind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled fmm the low side of the wreck. 44 Oh 1 " I would cry aloud, 44 if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden ! " Madden ing as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in mc, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, ivould have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation tliat pos sessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescope trem bling in my hands 1 made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western mag nificence lav 'i»on it, and then let fall the glass and fell into tlic chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by tlie shadowing of tlie lids the anguish or tho fires which despair had kindled in them — for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me — I waited for tlie darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time after oight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming tlie light draught of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breatliless polished surface. When presently the moon liad soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to tho showering of her light brint ming tlic atmosphere witli a delicate silver haze ; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the Fhaft of moonlight on the ivater that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it ivas like floating in flic vastness of tlic firma ment that bent over it to glance oVer the side of the hull and see tlie inirror-like breast studded ivith reflections of the larger stars, and to follow tlie shadow of tlie deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to tlie tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. 1 had. brought up 6ome blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under tlie shelter of tlie umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when 1 threiv myself domi upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along tlie wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like tlic murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently- rolling hull. 1 lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind someM'hat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies wliich must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Jinby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas ; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approaclL, as though I would ridicule my self for the fears which had been upon me throughout the day ; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passion of de light ; when the vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent fit iff trembling seized mc, and I sank down ftgarn upon the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger ; some fresh deception of the brain ivould occur and win my attention to it. Tliis went on till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blon steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the ivreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. Tlie moon was low in the west ; I might guess by her position that daybreak was nut far off. By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept ft glance round ; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven ! I thought, irbat is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors u lio had been left on the wreck ? Surely 1 luid closely searched the hull ; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure tliat showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of- outline in the wanmg moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of himt seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third ; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft st me, but ivithout a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them ! I rose to my feet and essayed to Bpeak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. 1 tried again, and tliis time my voice sounded. 44 In the name of God, who, and what are you ? " 44 Ha 1 " cried one of them. He said sometliing to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, folloived by the others, all three of them moving slowly, m'itlx a wavering gait as though giddy. 44 Som drink for Cliristu's sake ! " said the man who liad cried Ha 1 -Minting his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his tliraat as sometliing rough, like a file. By tliis time it was clear to me they were 110 ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in ivhat manner they liad arrived, 1 cuulu not imagine ; but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in : the face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candies in the pantiy — as I term it. 1 had a flint and steel in my pocket, and folluwed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light ; and after groping and feeling about ivith my liands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there was wine in them; aud then to tlie slung cask of water, and then to the food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fiste full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distin- j ruisnable by the feeble light of the candle \- han on deck ; however, 1 was able to see they were not blacks. The man who addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineaments of an ftfrinan pattern, s wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wooL lie wore a snort moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of "black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun garee jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, com pleted the attire of the ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were long- 1 mired, chooolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards— Dagog as the sailors mil them ; 1 noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas brooches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several tames helped them selves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. "You Englis, sah ? " he exclaimed, when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been bear, sah? I told him. He understood ute per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fad tot? adventure. I then inquired M'ho he and his eompanions were, and his story was to tlie following effect : That he ivas tlie boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port The vessel had been set on fire by one of tlie crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drank only lielow after broaching a cask of rinn. They had three boats which they hoisted out ; most of tlie >cople got aivny in the lung boat, sk men were in the second boat, lie and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, ana & small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company With the other boats in the night, and had been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep ing an eager look-out though they sighted nothing ; until a little before sundown tliat evening, they spied the speck of tliis wreck, a&d; made for it, but bo scant was the wind and so weak their anus, that it liad taken them nearly alljiight to mea sure the distance, wluclr would be a few miles only. They got their boat under tlie bow— she was lying there now, lie said — And stepped on li(»id one after the other. This explained to me their appari tion. Of course X li?>d not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying aft, tlie three men rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they liAd shaped themselves oh tlie forecastle out through the solid plank. . I addressed the others, but the yellow man told me that their language was a jargun of base Portuguese, of which 1 should be able to understand no more ii »n hero and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "We moab aee to tlah boat," he ex-1 claimed, and spoke to his mates, ; «p-j parently to that effect. ; v (To be continued.) Whosoever would be eustaioed hytliie hand of God, let him constantly leahnjjQb it; whosoever would be him patiently repose himseR imderJ rr BVB&VXSXNG; earnest will. It crariiiniditpMh cultaes before wtehrimalhiaiiiiiW and which leave and helpless, NotmaroBotobdiffsnrm do notxneanto heep&em; ; covet secrete na'toenllfttto|tei|SBMIWi for the purpose ' S&ilip; \- - fli \- " -fli: - Ssl®S9 11 FOLLOW ME, MR. CATESBY, OR WE ARE DEAD MEN ! 44 1 ufted tee 11al7 of thf. lid and was greatly astonished by the right ot a quantity of gold pieces." MKroBBBiBMKaSaasagwflffiM WlB6gBSl«aiiiiaiiBit;M«y lraffiiSiaaSBaBmaMa Stffi'toSacieacE.oi- OLEtes. BKmatiawrlaliet MIKaStfu&IjSLc; fig yjin w nil b to parallel l— II I 'I 1 »g&%S%Bfepow thiLt; is animated by Iliigencfi, that )te ,i n d we read tii&t; , :ng nature ; of a J, aid TrornBslte a fourth is bold, character. .Ifow, jjbaitiofa hdu»: wSl<Wciblopy Ambhg the traits iilioteaas typical: Utitekatttof lias always been ; i laziness and in- m denied that jalthoii jhes JUagmdge eference had fact j For some of the i ._ Europe certainly y rtore Bp ictadns of cbm, and in order to ! £ vt!iremiHheccaiXL faun gernunnting in the. . oariktimfi&ttte; flff tE'e young radicle 0r(: 'r' is illustrated onfe tJf the rstjFoconomic laws — that of providing | Wefs'taiOTday. Ant ftJctety has advanced " 'Sdfflira&to; practise 1Mb laudable virtue, LUtidBiflinMinl iriiichleads the insec t to. rflfaa grain is a no less . \--AdiddibkexaMof pradent forethought <?lj0$$tiMis5bMwisdonL rl#ii society the conditions of esrvi to<M Src many and various, From the i / Vfe to the Mage of the free domestic, ffierearedoubtheM numerous gradations; and certain irots at least illustrate the . Rmnte' tihase lb that they tabitually moke : .lute M ntW cjwyim the degree of de ft', , yaa»«« Udiirli ants place on their sc>. Jvnijtseraries greatly IsteU one species Srttiehis Ttailed Upon lisnd and foot by ita ; ' ta$ti& 4t cannot feed itself, and perishes . lS inisSUhly when left to its own devices, " ; fevbtt'WiUi a plentiful store of food -within riAsv reach, lluber placed thirty of these. Suite in a bos with some of their own young staa a "Store of honey for food In two , .. .. diw fifteen of them had periled from ; sheerinaMlity te help themselves. TVlienj . one of the sllives Was introduced this \- nervitor at once busied itself in its -wort ' It attebded'to its helpless adult masters, w - joobdaftertiiB young, and thus saved tbe j 4v 'lives "W Va jwwaining units. Another | Y Hvte'malang species is much more inde- < <ii':;feenitent:ofs serfs, and exhibits a very , v. filrttniMa indeed, to human slave- 1 ' and traders in its method of pro- 1 yynAitig Thusiirat of all, it makes raids ; snd'lnnffB on the nests of other species, :v!v. laUftfl -irutpfiiwR the young for slaves. The \- £ jyoung hatched and brought up uifliin the ' of ffhrf ywitotw are thus born and : bred Ml felavery. They take kindly enough \- o eir semtodej alid discharge all the \- Gilti® Of ihenest. The blade dares are \- »" in ft iedm marked contradistinction h>itMr tMnriflBiBd masters, "which latter ' jrteatiy exceed their eerfs in size. When K EmWiihijii inrwirR, the masters carry off :? - tiitir dares in thdr mouths to " fresh Wttods and pastures new:" whereas in the . Previous tasn of the helpless ant-masters, ft is jthe tatter which are carried by the ''idayeeL How and why slave-making be- . nn tmtxnCt iff ant life is explained : AfcfiEactoniy ent hdi in the idea that this ' h&bjt;' arose -Out of another — that of canni- balism, in wlucli certain spedes (ihe Elave- ... . panhelJUiguially stared uptho young of 1 Ijrtltjritediiee forfood. If we suppose iliat 3|pjigjjj|Keijqg:9xae to maturity now and ' fjgslWafipnllJie nests of Hieir. captors, and PahMi.'sii ' virtue of their own inbred in- 'jlatincte; to ido the Weric of the hire, -we may i-iiauoly ieeBrlrow the habit of allowing tit lahnip fnr Cm mastprfi : n racdce of the finding tins practice -SimilhSr oxro lalMurs, Would in time \- pKajuredHr less :power&d; neighbours for alavto instead .bf tor fbod.T Anyhahitgrows lIljBfcrQng Iy )dition of its conditSone, and View |ud expressed presents nothing to vbich .Inological fact can take serious, or iiliideed .hny, objection. Finally, ante may dta%ete£stB within their hives, although jggEtiek&ttepf; -thferelationghlpbetween the . Atffhwa and the entertained is difficult /®6SUaiaBe.43arlaln bedieBtato up thdr Me|nhfiiiesteof ante, but whether they ffiS»jnaEe)y tolaated or reverenced is a moot lifijlntto nndi;de®eiid8 on what a guest bost. Th e aphidei, or maaSt| hO£onmum in all plants ineum- regarded trith friendly eyes _Ete;%at|>ere xre can detect the quid _ lyjTOmnraple intervening to account for jftjfiiwHalaffnr Tbft tip)"8 secrete a eSitiilftfihdtiieante literally milk them \- plhlBfWnriiBpBEomexoinantic biolo- bis imagination may reainlBUch Mn. arrangement the first gLttfimf ?daiiy-farimng. In lower it -is tiear there i6 no thececzeted products, and rogedlaof ther'anttf attentions prc- compared to the JlMrvock vrinchhumanity owns. 