ROME. ALLOCUTION OF HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII., IN CONSIS- TORY HELD 24TH MAY, 1889. At a time when we have to elect new members of the College of Cardinals and new bishops, we should be glad to address you, venerable brethren, with a mind more cheerful and more at ease, and to speak of nothing but what you would like to hear. But, plnced as we are in so difficult a position, how can we P We are beset by the same evils which nineteen years ago followed after the capture of this city. Lapse of time has only made us feel these evils more acutely, and we know not to what excess they inky not be carried when we consider the- intention of our enemies, whose courage we have found by bitter experience increases with success. You have seen, venerable brethren, the rapid course of events and what boldness and impunity, are shown eveTywhere in violating the rights of the Pontiff. These designs are no secret, they break out on every side, and deeds bear witness to them. Every day hatred of Christianity becomes more, bitter, while the liberty of the Roman Pontiif is curtailed and cut off. We see popular opinion raised up with impunity against the sacred power of the Apostolic See, and the envy of the multitude inflamed by languarge threatening its rights more and more. Such a pitch has now been reached that, in this city, before our very eyes, wicked men have been suffered to inflict a lasting insult on the religion of Jesus Christ by raising a statue—honours due only to virtue—to an apostate. Catholics in every land are, for these reasons, filled with deep and lasting anxiety. They cannot endure this condition of their common Father, nor look calmly on the loss of liberty of the Bishop of their souls in his most august ministry. They, however, never cease to console us by their good offices to the utmost of their power, and but lately, when Catholic congresses met in the capitals of Europe, you have heard how much the condition of the Apostolic See has weighed upon their minds. In laying down the necessity of the civil princedom in order to preserve the liberty of the Pope in his Apostolic office, they expressed a conviction in accordance with that of the Apostolic See, and in determining that they would, in every way lawful, eDdeavour to restore the liberty due to the Pontiff, they but used their right to undertake the defence of justice—the common cause - of all' Catholics. And for this -cause we shall ourselves ever contend first and foremost, as is our duty, and, with the blessing of God, neither lapse of time nor any difficulty shall hinder us from vindicating these rights. We have accordingly determined to elect into your oollege certain Bishops of France, Belgium, and Bohemia, recommended for piety, learning, and episcopal virtues in the government of their dioceses, also two Roman prelates, who in various offices have served the .Apostolic See, natriely— Francis Marie Richard, Archbishop of Paris; Joseph Alfred Foulon, Archbishop of Lyons ; Amat Victor Guilbert, Archbishop of Bordeaux;: Peter Lambert Goossens, Archbishop of Malines; Francis Paulanus Schonborn, Archbishop of Prague; Achilles Apolloni, Vice- Chamberlain of the Holy Roman Church; Caetano de Ruggiero, Prefect of the Fabric of St. Peter's. •• ' •• What think youP Therefore, by the authority of Almighty God, of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, and in our own name, we make and proclaim Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church— Of the order of priests :— Francis Marie Richard, Joseph Alfred Foulon, Amat Victor Guilbert, Peter Lambert Goossens^ Francis Paulanus Schonborn. Of the order of deacons Achilles Apolloni, Caetano de Ruggiero. With the necessary and proper dis pensations and derogations, in the naxBe of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, 