<£M&ren.; 31 i/ Little Neighbour A stormy June day. How steadily the rain fell and how the wind moaned. .But any one looking into our cheerful eittiog room must have forgotten the state of the 'weather, lor a blight fire snapped' and crackled in the grate, and Claire Wilson was seated on the hearth-rug just at my fe,et with a gray kitten in her arms. .' Claire's happy face made sunshine all about. Her doll was sleeping upon my knee while I busily worked at a pink parly dress lor Miss Miriam Yellowtress ; quite a long name for a rather small doll: it took Claire: three days to think of it. You see Miss; Miriam Yellowtress had been invited to";a' dolls'party, and so Claire, my little neife door neighbor, had come in to talk it all over with me. " And she shall wear her blue silk dress with the blue sash again," announced Claire, smoothing ber doll's curls tenderly. . " She ought to have another party dress," I said. " How would pink eilk do?" " 1'eautiful! It would just'suit her cheeks, Miss May," cried Claire. . " Well, she shall have one^of that colour, then, and I'il make it for her^' ' ? I ran away for the material, which Claife pronounced "just lovely." . " It's a picce of one of my dancing-school dresses-I wore it when I was not much bigger than you are, Claire," I said. '? And ] now dolly must be measured." And so she ! was, and the dress ones fairly started pro- ' greescd rapidly. j ?Vigs Miriam Yellowtress dozed before the ] fire, Claire hugged her kitten upon the j hearth-rug and chatted blithely to me as I reeked and lisrnmed and at length finished the Eimple trained tkiit. Tben the liny waist was commenced, and Ciairo, growing restless, commenced dancing about the room and singinf, or paused to lean against my chair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my cheek. * "Shall I read you a story, Miss May asked Claire. " Yes, pet-, do," I Eaid. So she chose a book from the centre table and eurlcd herself up on (he rug at my fees again. Now Clahe is six years old, and can read very well if she takes time to puzzle the long words out. This tims she never seemed to notice whether ihe words were long or shojt. The title of the book she held was " Longfellow's Poems," and this is Claire's story: '? Oace there was e little girl who went to school every day, almost, but once in a while, when it stormed,, ber mamma would give her a holiday. She almost always spent tbe holiday with a young lady who live! nest door to her, Claire-I mean tbe little girl-loved this young lady, oh, very, very much 1" Hero Claire caught my hand and gav9 it a warm squeeze. A lovely bird sang all day long in the window of Miss Ma>'s sitting-room, and gold-fish swam forever in a globe. Tbe (lowers looked so pretry ihat grew in a long box in the window. Once I carried a bunch home that Miss May had riven me, and they were so sweet every one wanted to know where they came from, ana I told them, and Uncle Wilbur took one and gave me a large ! cranio for it." j " Now, Claire," I cried, " you are just making all that up !" " No, it's ail true -it's ft true ntory," said Claire, earnestly ; tben she said, " There's a nice kilty at Miss May's; it will eome to me when L call it- it hasu't any name but kitty, 1 think it ought to have a name be sides that.'' " You can giva it one now. if you want to," I fsi-1. j " Oh, can 1 ?" cried Cleire, so joyously that any one might have fancied 1 had just ] made her a present of iivo pounds, i " Well, would Minnie do for a name? No- j it would iaLs tiO long lo call- sometliicg j shor*-. L.tmesee. l'aa-I don't'aactly j like that-ch, /know ! L.t's eaiihsr Pinky, i Pinky, dear, cunning 1'inky, look up 1" To Ciaire's delight, the kitten raised ber little gray head and looked up. *. She Jikes faer'same; she almost laughed, she's so pleased '."cried Clare, excitedly. Then, alter'petting puss a few moments, she pickcd up her book and went oa with her story: - " Miss May and 1 go to the fame church; she teache3 rne In the Sanday eehocl; there aiefour other girls hi ihe ol«ss and (Sell Qhe wants'-to tit by Miss May^'fP we have ±o take {urns at it.-ri -fGluUtinaS Mlsa.Mayrgave me a most beautitul'iiook with a greea and gold covei, and a picture with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in his arms. I resd the book Sundays. Then cue day when I was up in Miss May's room, ehe opened a drawer in her dask and gave mo a lovely gol i t eae;l. I often wear It around my neck by a ribbon. Uncle Wilbur has a eplendid horse that he calla Sultan; sometimes be lakts ms out for a drive on his tall cart-be often takes Miss May out. .My doll is going to a grand party next week; she will wear a pink eiik drets, and her iirst train- it'a going to look bsiutiiul, and after the party I'm going *o Ull fiiise M-iy all about it. Mi^s .May is making the dress; she is sitting netr me, and her cheeks are as red as rosea. 1 think she sits too near the fire, for her cheeks ui2 hardly ever so red." " Ic is w.;rm," murmured Miss Miy. 'eumusGt we are going to have a cottage by the seashore. I shall dig with clam-shells in the sand every day and build forts. -Miss May isn'j sewing now she's "rocking herself to and fro, and so I'll stop read in?," Then Ciaire and I proaerdc-d to array Miss Miriam in the party dstss tbat I bad jast completed ; it set cii" her blonde loveliness to 1 perfection, and she looked eo fas,':iriat"r.g that we felt compelled W. kiss her for be ng so pretty. Indeed, Clsire was eo pleased that t-he elfiijjiid her hands with <?eli^ht. acd then pranced all arciiad tjie'v room, finally spiingiug into my arm's and nearly smothering rue with kissiE. Then Hub Y-etlowirass vraa taken iata the next room to iria-.jnns. 1 eouid hear Cls-ixe's eager voic; explaining snd admiring it ail, i and niatnra&'s comments: and then back the ! little girl eainc fluttering io iny side like a bird. Ivfiria.ni YelJowtress was laid upon the tablf*, ami then, without so much as " by your leave," Ciaire sprang into my arms and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder. " Now it's my tcru ; Miss Miriam Yellow tress has had yqu.for a long time. Tell iae a story, Mvse May, please." S3 I lold her about the day that kitty was brought to ray door in a little basket-a pre sent from a cousin cf mine who was going South for the winter. I told her how strange kitty felt at urat. and mewed and mewed, and even scratched me when I took her up in my arms and triad to comfort her. But kitty and 1 were now the bsst of friend?, acd she had forgotten to feel lonely. Then we went to the window and looked | out at the rain. It dashed against flie win- j dow-pane, acd the wind shook" the trees until they swaved and bint before the blast, as though trembling and afraid of its fary. The sky was lowering ; some cf the clouds were of an inky bkeksess. We sat there until twilight came on, sad still it rained. '' Don't you feel awfully lonely, Miss May?" said Ciaire. " I do. I like to feel so some times." " What a fanny child you are!" I said. " Hot? can you like to feel lonely,.pet?'!, *. Well, soi-;Jnp. then. 1)0 tell aie a ghost J story ple£S2.u I- v 1 . " Not 1. g^tetfceart. Beside?,! don't! know one to tell, as I Dever read them. TaKo I my advice, Ciaire-never listen to ghtfei \ Etorics; jou may laugh at thc-m in broad j daylight, but when \xu awake at night they j will seem very different." | A storm of wind ebook the easement; hai11 i /was mingled with the rain: Then mamma entered the room and exclaimed: " Why, how dismal you both look flitting there in the dark with you arms around each other like the babes in the wood." The cheery voice broke the spell; we lelt 1 the storm to take care of itself. I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed op cheer fully, drew the crimson curtains together, and all in a moment our dusky room was transformed. How deliciously cosy and comfortable it seemed I Claire and I had a merry time-a gay, good time-until some one came to take my little friend away from : me. And the dolls' party ? Oh, it was a grand success, and, best of all, Miss Yellowtress was the belle of the ball. 