ARIU S THE LIBYAN, AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK II. CHArTEB IX — ' I Have No Superior but Chbist' [continued), The philosophy of Arms struck many as a novel thing. To some of them it seemed to be a rational and beautiful solution of problems which they had pondered long and regarded as insoluble, and had abandoned in despair. To none of them did it seem to be at all tainted with heresy. But Atnanssius had a definite end in view, which closed his ears to any statement the presbyter might make, although he waited courteously until Arras had concluded his re marks, and then exclaimed j ' Hast thoa not taught that the Son of God was created out of things not existing V 'Never.' said Arius. 'Thou knoweet I have taught He waB not ' created' at all, but \- begotten ;' ' conceived,' not made.' ' Hast thou not taught that there was a time when the Son was not 1' 'Nay, verily! The word 'time' is thine own, not mine. But I have said 'God was when He was not.' I have said that 'before He was begotten He was not.' Else how could God beget Him ? But it waB in the beginning, before 'time' was.', 'Hast thoa not taught that the Father was superior to the Son. and the Son inferior to the Father?' '*Nay, verily! I cannot conceive of the words 'superior' and 'inferior' as applicable to the divine nature, or family, any more than I can conceive of thy word 'time' as applied to the divine existence. If thou canst do bo, O Athanasius, thou or thy friends, and furnish a definition of the Trinity that does not deny the separate existence of the Son ; nor imply identity of person in Father, Son, and Holy GhoBt; or which does not set up three diBtinct, co-equal GodB, or which does not degrade the Son to the condition of a created Being, made, not begotten, except the definition which I quoted from the philosophy of Am-nem-hat the martyr, and have adopted as mine own, announce thou now, or when tbou wilt, such a definition of the Trinity, and if X can at all comprehend it I will follow thee to death, if need be, in defence thereof ; for lo ! theee many years have I sought for euoh a defi nition, and found it not, except in Amnetn bat's profound aphorism that the true and only idea of Trinity eubsisteth in family — Father, Mother, Son ; the Father- Ghost and Christ !' Then answered Atbanasius — '- Verily I would not dare to utter a formula of faith upon so high a theme in any hasty or incon siderate manner. So for the present let that question rest, and I doubt not that the learned bishops who defend the deity of Christ will Eoon frame out of tbe Scriptures a definition of the Catholic faith which shall both satisfy all orthodox souls and bring thine own God dis honoring heresies to light.' 'If it come out of the Scriptures, friend Atbanaeius, they must omit therefrom thy newly coined word 'Catholic,' for that word ia not Bcn'ptural, nor is the idea which thoa signifiest by it therein. The Scriptures speak not of the 'Catholic' Church at all, but of 'the common church,' 'the common faith,' 1 the common salvation,' ' the common hope,' ? the common Saviour ;' and thou well knoweBt that * common' pertaineth only to the common or communal organisation of Christ's kingdom. Yet perhaps it is natural that one so young, so beautiful, so gifted as thou art should prefer the imperial and aristocratic designation which hath been recently adopted in the Western Empire, and despise the plebeian, scriptural name 'common' or 'communal;' for two Christians might both belong to thy * Catholic ' Church, while one of them might be a prince and the other a pauper ; but the two Chrieti&nB; who -belong to the primitive ' common ' church must be brethren, equal, free, fraternal; and the difference, friend Athapasius, between 'common ' (Koinot) and 'catholic9 (Kataholos) is just the difference between the Christian Church and that of Constantino. I know not what the martyrs would have said of it, nor what the steadfast confessors here present may think of it, but I prefer the ancient, scriptural term ' common,' * communal,' ' communistic ' church, of which Jeeus Christ only is King and in which all men are brethren, to the new 'Catholic' estab lishment which has come in with our unbap tieed Emperor.' There was not a confessor present but whrt would have applauded these bold and truthful sentiments, the force of which we can at this day with difficulty realise ; but Constaatine bit his lip'to restrain a terrible oath, and his face darkened ominously as he glared upon the audacious presbyter. Hosiub, Marcellus, Alexander, and others of tbe same party, seemed to have been stricken dumb by the clear, incisive, fearleaB, and uncompromising declarations of Arms. Osly Athanasius seemed to preserve his marvellous self- posses- sion, and laughed musically ,-rrtiile, in order to distract attention from the dangerous question which the old heretic seemed determined to bring up at every possible turn of the dis cttBBion, he cried aloud, ' But hast thou not commonlv taugbt that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are three and not one God, and thereby made thy heresy assume tbe complexion of polytheism ? Hast thou not done that 1' 'I have taught,' answered Arias, 'and I think that the Scriptures teach, that the three are not one person, but three persons, and that the Trinity is one family, in likeneBB whereof man was created. Eve, the first mother, was not created out of things not existing, but Bhe proceeded out of the first man's side ; not above him, not below him— equal with him, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh; and the first human son was born of them.' This to my mind in some way typifies the Divine family, except that tbe idea of creation applies not to it. This I have stated as mine own conception of the matter, not as an article of faith. If thoa knoweBt any better idea, state it plainly, I pray thee. I am not yet too old to learn.' Then said Athanasius. triumphantly, 'I supposed, indeed, that God would presently lay bare thy heresy ; for thou dost deny the express words of Scripture that these three are one ; and thuB thou art convicted !' Once more the dangerous light gleamed in the old man's sombre eyes, and that nervous twitching, which bis enemies likened to the wriggling of a serpent, passed over him ; but he controlled himself wonderfully, and calmly enough enquired, 'What scripture, then? Wilt thou read it, or tell ub in what place it may be found 2' . t Then said Athanasins— ' I read from the first letter of John aB fellows : — ' For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and Vie Holy Ghost : and these three are one. And there are three that bear witness in earth, the spirit, and the looter, and the hlocd: and these three agree in one.' How then saye&t; thou that the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost are not one, in the very teeth of the Scriptures, O thoa subtle heretic?' Tbe reading of this scripture produced a profound sensation in the council. Many turned to their copy of John's letter to read tbe wocdB for themselves, the greater number using the new and beautiful manuscripts which the munificent liberality of the Emperor had caused to be transcribed and distributed among the bishops some time before; but many also had ancient copies written in the uncial tett. But Arius said unto Athanasiue, 'Wilt thou give to me thy book ?' And AthansBius sent it to him by one of the pages in attendance. The grim old presbyter received the parchment, and looked at it, and handled it, and turned it over and over in his bands with a strange, sarcastic smile, and then said in that peculiar, sibilant tone which cut and tingled like a serpent's hies, ' I perceive, brethren, that this beautiful manuscript is one of those copies which hath been eupplied to many bishops and presbyters by the zeal and benevolence of our most Christian, but unbap tised, Emperor ; and the hook ia beautifully written in the new, running Greek text which hath lately come into use. - I have but one objection to it, brethren ; and the objection is, that the wordB 'in ncaven, tne jyatner, vie Word, and the Holy Ghost : an-1 these three are one. And there are three that bear witness in earth'— these words were never written fay John, but by some one elee ; they have been added to the text within the last ten years! ' And then the tall form reared itself to the full height of its gigantic stature; the long, thin right hand e waved to and fro with a strange rhythmic motion, the huge, rough, noble head seemed to start forward upon the long, bony neck, as a cobra thrusts it forward; the strange, mesmeric light burned in the sombre eyes, and, fastening his gaze full upon the Emperor, he cried out in tones that rang through every corner and crevice of the Tast hali, shrill, incisive, penetrating— 'These words are forgeries— every one of them ! What John wrote was this— 'For there arc three that bear record, the spirit, the vMUr, an the blood : and, these three a-jrec in one.'' The effect w&s; electrical. Msny trembled for the bold and eloquent man whose words and maniier seemed to charge upon the Emperor himself the guilt of sacrilege in forg ing the sacred writings ; although perhaps none doubted that tbe words were forged. Bat Athanasius gazed upon him haughtily aud de manded — ' Who art thou, madman, that doat so boldly assail the genuineness of a Scripture that tsuiteth not with tby notorious bereaj 1 Kow knowest thoa that the wordB were never written by John ?' The presbyter's fierce excitement had almoat immediately faded away and he quietly answered— 'Brethren, I know that the words are forgeries because the rank Sabellianiam which they teach is contrary to John's spirit and would better suit the views of certain persons who desire to confound the Son with the Father in order to abolish the sovereignty of Christ over his earthly king dom by placing some one else in his rightful place. Secondly, because ye cannot find the words in any copy written in the uncial text before the recent, running Greek text came into common ubc. Ye have many unical copies here: see whether any of them contain the words. Thirdly, because more than thirty yearB ago the' learned martyr Am-nem-hat, in our city of Alexandria, had in his possession the original letter of John }' and, with tremu lous and mournful cadence that brought tears into the eyes of all who knew his history, he continued—' Am-nem-hat abode in the house of his great grand-niece, the holy, the beauti-; fa],, the martyred Theckla. This blessed virgin did carefully copy the letter upon vellum, and sent it to Antioch sb a gift even unto me by the bands of Bishop Peter,' Taking the book from a cedar box on the seat' beside him, he con tinued— 'Here is the copy of John's letter, written by the hand of one martyr under the supervision of another, and delivered by a third martyr unto me, that am ready to follow them upon the glorious way whenever God bo will. Search and see whether ye can find these forged words in this thrice sacred book.' A moment of profound silence followed. Constaniine. Athanasiw, Hoeing, aud all of their faction perceived that this assault also h&d; not only failed, but had left the powerful heretic in full possession of the field of battle ; and at a sign frcm the Emperor the bUhops immediately adjourned the council until the following day. (To he continued.) 