MR. MILN ON A SHAKESPEARIAN THEATRE. To the editor of the Age. SlR,— In an article on the Shakspearian thea trr in your paper yesterday, Mr, Miln speaks of A Doll's House in the same breath with ... on the Bristol and other plays of that stamp drawing large audiences, while Shakspearian plays do not. I suppose Mr. Miln had no opportunities of witnessing A Doll's House, and l have to think he could make such a statement knew anything about it. The real facts are quite the reverse. A Doll's House did not draw audiences because it is far above the level of the general public. It is among the thinking parts of the community that Ibsen's plays are most enjoyed. If the modern young man did rush to see plays of that nature I do not think there would bo any reason for calling him a " brainless, spineless, flabby degeneration of the human race Out here we are not much acquainted with Ibsen. We now know something of A Doll's Houso; we have read those three plays ... lated aud published in the Camelot series have read some accounts of Ibsen's works, with a little criticism, but beyond that our knowledge does not extend. Yet that is sufficient for us to recognise Ibsen as the greatest dramatist, with the exception of Victori Hugo, that the century has produced, and his family dramas as some of the most important literary work of any kind done in recent years. Such is the author and such the play that ... Miln ranks on a level with Fuu on the BnsB Whilo on- this subject I should like to your attention to one point in .9 article on Ibson which appears in another portion of your Saturday's issue. In a of places tlie writer mentions the slowness which Ibsen's fame has reached England have little to quarrel with him about on this head. We all know how far behind England we are in matters of the kind. But I would point, that the firat of the family dramas (The of Society) was published in 1877, and that which made his European reputation (A Doll's House and Ghosts) were published in 1879 1881 respetively, so that after all, though it we could hardly have expected among English men a large interest in his works 20 years ... Apologising for using so much of your space. Yours, &c.;, R. J. A. RARNARD, Ormond College, 13th October. . 