Wast Maitland Wesleyan Church. I ANNIVERSARY MEETING. The customary tea and public meeting to com_ memórate the anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, West Maitland, took place on Tuesday evening in "very pleasant circumstances. In point of fact pro- ceedings incidental to the annual event began on Sunday, when the Rev. R. Caldwell occupied the pulpit. At morning service there was a large con- gregation, and in the evening untoward weather interfered with the attendance. On Tuesday evening tea was served ir. the schoolroom, and a largo com- pany of ladies and gentlemen sat at the tables, i which were presiddod over by ladies who have taken a great interest in the affairs of the church. At the public meeting held ia the Church sub- sequently a varied programme was presented. Mr W. Butterworth presided at the organ, and some delightful solos were rendered. The Misses Smith as usual contributed to the pleasure of the congre- gation. " In the Cathedral" and " The Better Land" were the numbers chosen. Mr. Hamilton Blair sang in dignified style " Resignation," and j Miss Mills rendered with much acceptance " Fear not, little flock." There was also an anthem " Praise God in His Holiness," which went smoothly Proceedings began with a hymn, after which the Rev. W. Hill, of East Maitland, engaged in prayer. Mr. R. A. Young was called to the chair. In intro- ducing that gentleman, beside whom were the Revs R. Caldwell, W. Hill, Joseph Spence, and J. A. , Bowring ; Mr. Spence, superintendent of the cir- cuit, intimated that the Trustees of the Church had invited Mr. W. Arnott, of Newcastle, to preside on the occasion. On the previous day he received a letter from that gentleman, who stated his in- ability to be with them, and added a postscript As it was said that interest in a lady's letter centred in the postscript, so also the interesting part of Mr. Arnott's letter was the postscript, which stated lie was good for Ü10. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman, in inviting Mr. Owen to read the trustees' report, said he was sure they joined with him in an expression of regret at the fact that Mr. Arnott was not able to be present with them, Mr. Arnott had been a good friend to Methodism in West Maitland, and they would all have been glad to see him in the chair. There were many gentleman more entitled than himself to take the dignified position of chairman, but for reasons were not able to occupy the position. Mr. Samuel Owen submitted the following re- port : Trustees' Report Wesleyan Church, West Maitland, 8th Oct., 1889. Another twelve months has passed away and gone since our last anniversary meeting. Many and great changes have occurred in our midst ; many well- remembered faceB and forms have passed away to brighter scenes-some connected with our Church since its first establishment in Maitland,' and who had continued to do what they could to help the cause forward in its feeble days till their probation here ended. Our esteemed pastor, the Rev. J. Hopkins, has been moved to another colony (South Australia). When leaving a tea meeting was held, for presenting him with a purse of sovereigns, and wishing him every happiness and spiritual success in his new sphere of labour. We may not heai his faithful .exhortations fora few years. We have also welcomed at a tea meeting our new pastor, the Rev. J, Spence, also from another colony, whose reputation preceded .his arrival amongst us. We trust his appointmentto this Circuit will prove a great blessing to all, and that our Church will progress spiritually and financially under his able supervision. We have also welcomed Rev. J. Bowring from Sydney, who we hope will have a pleasant and successful sojourn here. Your trustees held five meetings in March last, chiefly conneoted with the renovation of the Mission House, so long allowed to get in bad repair, and have expended about £50 in putting in gas, repairing building and fencing, etc. After much deliberation and debate, they resolved to lat the Mission House and rent a residence for our clergy- man in' a quieter neighbourhood. Accordingly, Mr. Nome's residence in Elgin-street was leased for a time, and the Mission House rented for three years at a higher rental. ? In the commencement of July last Maitland was ?isited by a disastrous flood. Our church is situa ted where both the waterB, discharging from the river at the Horse Shoe Bend and opposite the Bank of New South Wales meet, malting a swift current. Fortunately the trustees had boards and sand bags placed at the gateways, and the danger was averted. The special thanks of our trustees are due to our organist (Mr. Butterworth), Mr. Carter, and the various members of the choir, fer their unwearied «Sorts, and the interest they bestow in making the service of song attractive. Your trustees hope during the coming year the congregation will liberally help by paying the pew rents when Mr. Nagle calls, in order to reduce the interest and other expenses incurred in lighting and keeping this large church in good order. . In conclusion, they beg to tender their grateful acknowledgments for the liberal pecuniary support received by the church, and would urge upon them- selves and thoir friends the necessity for fresh zeal and enterprise in this important work. The Chairman said that in accordance with time honored custom the duty devolved upon him as Treasurer of making a financial statement of the trust funds of the Church, and he would have been pleased to lay before them more satisfactory figures than he was able to do. Interest in the statement of course centred in ascertaining how far the re- ceipts agreed with the expenditure. Unfortunately they had not realised what was their proper position, not that the amount of collections had been less than informer years, but the expenditure had been so large that the contributions did not meet them. Let them first of all look at what was the more melancholy Bide of the pic- ture. When they began the financial year in September last they owed the Commercial Bank the sum of £410 13s 5d, and the expenditure during the'year had been £400 19s 3d, so that the total on that eide of the balance sheet was £81112s 8d. The expenditure included payment to the Maitland Gas Light Company of £23 2s 9d ; wages of chapelkeeper, £52 10s j salary of organist, £60 ; repayments to loan fund, £40 ; Mr, Robert Logan, interest on mortgage, £70; Mr. Bealey, gas fittings at Mission House, £10 6s ; Mr. John Erskine, work executed at parsonage, £2 lOs ; Mr. P. Mcinerney, drawing gravel, £4 18s ; Mr. Broderick, fee for tuning organ for the year, £10 ; Mr. George Nonie, rent for residence of minister, £22 15s ; Mr. Frederick Marsh, repairs, etc, to Mission House, £33 2s 6d ; payment to Commercial Bank for interest on overdraft, £31 Gs. These with smaller sums, made up £811 12b 8d, including amount of overdraft at the beginning of the year. On the other hand the receipts were : Mr. W. Arnott, subscription to trust funds, £10 ; collection at anniversary services, £10; collection at public meeting, £4 9s 6d ; subscriptions received towards trust funds, £51 16s 6d; pow rents, £102 7s ; collections in ) behalf of trust funds, £55 16b; proceeds of anni- versary tea meeting, after paying expenses, £114s 6d ; amount received from the treasurer of the Wesleyan Thanksgiving Fund, ia aid of trust funds of church £7115s 6d ; rent received from Dr. Yeates for Mission House, £33 6s 8d ; in all, £341 5s 8d, and the debit balance was £170 7s. They would see, therefore, that the expenditure had exceeded the income. It was the bounden duty of the Trustees to give a full and I detailed statement of the affairs ' of the Church. He had brought the figures promi ently before them, so that when the time came round they might bo able te grapple with the diffi- culty, and contribute more liberally to the ordinary expenses of the church. It did not require much of a financier to know that if they spent each year more than they received the Church would be in a difficulty in a short time unless a strenuous effort was made bo reduce the liability and swell the in- come. He did not like to take a melancholy view of things, nor did he think the figures in themselves were melancholy, but he had a desire to bring matters plainly before thom, feeling sure that they would do what they could to keep themselves in a proper financial position. Men of the world felt in honor bound to keep their expenses within their income, and it was more incumbent upon them as a church to do so, for it was expected of them that they should be conspicu- ous in doing their duty. He did not wish bo infer bhab bhe church could be worked successfully and sabisfactorily without the expenditure which had taken place, but the income ought to he sufficient to meet bhe oublay. They noticed that there was lan item for interest, ¿£101 6s. If there was no I principal there would be no interest. That amount I they would, see ate up the pew rents of the year. Of course there had been a goodly expenditure on II the mission house ; and there had been a repay- ment to the Loan Fund. During the past three years they had paid to that fund Ü150, so they had done something. Some time since the Rev. Dr. Sellars visited the church and solicited subscrip. tions towards the Wesleyan Thanksgiving Fund and he was pleased to say a liberal sum was raised. Out of Ü101 given they had received back ¿£71 IBs Gd. All the trusteen were anxious to do was to pay their way. A suitable residence had been secured in Elgin street for their minister. The Mission House, as they, were aware, for some years needed repairs, and before it could be let satisfactorily a sum of money had to be expended on the building. He hoped the congregation were in accord with the action of the trustees, who deemed it advisable in I the interests of the church and their minister that the house in Elgin-street should be taken. It was a more comfortable residence, and ho was glad to say that their esteemed minister, Mr. Spence, thoughtsotoo. And they lost nothing by the change. He would urge them to follow the noble examplo set them by Mr. Arnott, who seemed bo understand the true principles of Methodism. When Mr. Arnott could not attend their meetings he sent I them a subscription, and was always conspicuously liberal towards bhe Methodist Church. In the absence of the Treasurer of the Cemetery Fund, who had asked him to discharge the duty, he placed before them a statement of that fund, in conaection with which there was a debit balance. He paid a compliment to the genlemen who had discharged the duties of trustees to the fund for many years, and mentioned that when the account was transferred to the present Trustees they expended a large sum of sum to improve the cemetery, and at th'e same time formed rules and regulations from the observance of which they expected to receive a good revenue, but their anticipations had not been realised. Out of respect to the memory of those whose remains have been committed to the graves, it was felt that God's acre should be placed in a proper Btate of repair, and he hoped that the debit balance which now existed would be wiped out. The Rev. W. Hill addressed the meeting briefly. He referred to the old associations which the sacred edifice called to mind. On the 13th January, 1859, the Rev. William Hessell, who had more to do with the organisation of the Sustentation Fund than any one, preached a sermon in that church in connec- tion with the opening services. The church was opened on that day, the Rev. William Hersell occu- pying the pulpit in the morning, and the Rev. J. Eggleston at night. Five sermons were preached in connection with the opening services, the Rev. W. Kelynack, and the Rev. J. Wats ford being the other preachers, and the collec- tions averaged £25 each service. The report from which he quoted stated that at the night service there was a large attendance, about seven hundred persons being present. That was thirty years and nine months ago. Thousands of sermons had been preached in the building since that time, and they had had many good discourses. They still had a debt ; debts died very hard indeed. He supposed they were reserving it till 1891, the centenary of John Wesley's death. That would be a grand opportunity to free the church fiora debt, if they if they did not do it before. They had many things to be thankful to God for, but he supposed there was room for improvement. They wanted more of the missionary spirit. They needed more cottage prayer meetings, and better attendances I at the week-day prayer meetings, and moro out- pouring of the spirit : it was more of the missionary f,V~.».ut, V- V-^-.-J spirit that was required. He was pleased that so much good work had been done in that grand old church, and that it had Bent bo many men into the Christian ministry. A great many had been Bent to the Christian ministry from the Maitland Circuit. In conclusion he trusted that they would pay off the debt before the centenary of John Wesley's death, and made reference to the clear and lucid report which had been laid before the meeting. In introducing the Rev. Mr. Caldwell the Chair- man took occasion to tender the best thanks of the trustees and the congregation to the rev. gentle- man, the chairman of tho WeBleyan Conference, for taking the services on Sunday. They were under a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Caldwell foi the able sermons which he had preached. The Rev. R. Caldwell said he was exceedingly obliged to the chairman for the very courteous manner in which he had been introduced, and the very kind mention of his name. He was very thankful to the chairman, and pleased to be there to join with them on the occasion of their anniversary. He had heard many chairmen speak, and heard many treasurers read their financial reports, but he never kuew one to do such great justice to the subject, or perform his duty so thoroughly and so satisfactorily as Mr. Young. He trusted that the congregation would take home the figures and admonition given them, and that before long the whole debt would be wiped out, and then no doubt the chairman, who took a deep interest in church matters, Mr. Spence, Mr. Bowden and the whole of the trustees would bo able to rejoice together. He was sure they would all breathe more freely and Bleep more sweetly when the debt had boen removed. Taking up the reference made by the Rev. Mr. Hill, whom he complimented upon his speech, the speaker said that they had had in that church the Rev. Mr. Lewis, the Rev. Mr. Rathbone, the Rev. Benjamin Chapman, the Revs. J. A. Nolan, George Lane, Charles Stead, and many others, some of whom had gone to their rest. He felt that their coming together was in the interests of that grand country, and ho did not use the term in a limited or sectarian spirit. He know that there were other denominations engaged in God's work, although they varied in their views. There was variety everywhere. There wore Borne who Baid they did not like the distinctions, and all distinctive titles should bo swept away. He did not think that would ever be. There were diversi- ties of mind, and perfect uniformity did not exist However, they could unite together in worshipping one Christ, believing in one Lord, and praying to the Holy Ghost the sanctifier, and bowing bo one God, the Father of all. He had the utmost catholicity of feeling and Christian charity towards all denomi- nations, but he could not help thinking that when Wesley ans met to celebrate the anniversary of their church they did their best to further the interests of this glorious country. Ho, dwelt at some length on the evils which I attack and assault the soul and the diffi- culties placed in the way of true religion, and argued that it was in the best interests of the country that they were assembled. Speaking of infidelity he Baid that the infidel and freethinker were never constructive; on the contrary they never built up but always tried to pull down. The Rev. J. A. Bowbing said he purposed giving them a receipt for a good cup of tea. In the first place he asked, them to cultivate morality ; then there were spirituality, activity, and liberality. These four teas well mixed would produce the ideal Christian. They had cause to be thankful to God in having such a fine church, and no doubt they would do the best they could to wipe out the debt. He could not help thinking that bhey were well off compared with other parts of the circuit. They had a spacious building, comfortable pews, and appointments which made the church attractive. Therefore they ought to give to the cause of God. He trusted that God's [ blessing would rest upon them, and that much success would attend their labours. A collection was taken up on behalf of the Trust Funds, and was liberally responded to. With do- nations from Mrs. Wolsbonholme of £5, and Mr. Arnott, £10, the collections on Sunday, and the amount raised that evening, independently of the tea meeting, the sum collected dur- ing the anniversary proceedings was £27 6s 3d. That was the best collection bhey had had, said bhe chairman, since he had been Trea- surer to the fund, and he desired on behalf of the Trustees to thank them for their hearty co-opera- tion in furtherance of the work in hand. He trusted that as they had begun so well they would continue to assist the officers of the Church in the same spirit. The Rev. Joseph Spence Baid that he had to apologise for the absence of the chairman of the district, who had kindly promised to be with them, and whom they were always pleased to see and hear. The Rev. John Gardiner had an anniversary of his own, arranged before he 1 accepted the invitation from the West Maitland Church. The Rev. W. Robson, for whom he also apologised, had unfortunately to go up country. Before the meeting closed he de Bired to move a comprehensive vote of thanks. In the first place he desired that the ladies who had catered for them that evening should be thanked. Then their acknowledgments were due to the choir-a friend told him that the singing in that church was as good as he had heard in any Methodist church in the colony ; to the Rev. Mr. Caldwell for preaching two excellent sermons last Sunday ; and to the ohairman for his kindness in presiding. Mr. Young possessed the three quali- ties it was said a chairman should have : he was a good speaker, was able to give a good subscription, and was good-looking. The motion wasseconded by Mr. Hamilton Blair, at whose instance the name of Mr. J. E. Carter, the capable conductor of the choir, who was at present absent from the colony, was incorporated in the vote, which was carried with acclamation. The Chairman responded, and the proceedings ended with the doxology and benediction. The Rev. Mr. Spence reminded the congregation that the annual district meeting would be held next week, to commence on Tuesday morning. 