SPEECH AND SONG," BY SIR MORELL MACKENZIE. Sir Morell Mackenzie has an interesting article in the Contemporary for June entitled " Speech and Song." We append five of its leading paragraphs ; THE SOUND OF OUR OWN VOICES. "A speaker, and, I may say, a singer also, should not hear his own voice too loudly. Artistes and orators are often very much disappointed, and think their voice is not travelling well when they themselves do not hear it very distinctly. The fact is that when the speaker does not hear his voice this proves that it reaches to a distant part of the room, and that there is very little rebound. We never hear our voices as other people hear them. Our own voices are conveyed to the auditory nerve, not only through the outside air, but more directly from the inside, through the Eustachian tube, as well as through the muscles and hence of the mouth and head ; the singer not only hears his own voice from a different quarter, as we may say, but he hears besides the contraction of his own muscles. The fact is well illustrated by the phonograph a listener can recognise other people's voices, but if he speaks into the phonograph, and afterwards reproduces his own voice, it does not sound at all like itself to him, because he does not hear it in the manner he is accustomed to, and because he hears it stripped of the various accompanying sounds which are usually associated with it to his ear." EVEN CONVERSATIONAL SPEAKING SHOULD BE MANY. The famous throat doctor says that speak- ing does not " come by nature" "Speaking, even of that slipshod kind which is mostly used in ordinary conversation, is an art, and as such has to be learned, often with much labour. The complicated muscular actions, the nice nervous adjustments, the combina- tion of these into one harmonious effort directed to a particular end, and, finally, the mastery of all these movements till they can be produced automatically without a direct and continuous exercise of will- power, form a complex process which takes years to learn, and which, by many, is even then very im- perfectly acquired. Good speaking is a higher development of the art, which bears the same relation to speech as ordinarily heard that the horsemanship of an Archer or a Cannon bears to the performance of a costermonger's boy on the paternal donkey." PUBLIC SPEAKING AS AN ATHLETIC FEAT.'' " If the voice is properly used the throat hardly ever suffers, but wrong production is fertile source of discomfort and even disease in that region. It should be clearly understood that public speaking, in addition to its intellectual aspects, is a physical performance which requires ' wind' and 'muscle' and the perfect management of one's bodily resources, like any other athletic feat. To attempt to speak in public without previous training is like trying to climb the Matter- home without preparation, and is just as certain to end in failure, if not disaster." SIR MORELL IS AGAINST CIGARETTES AND ALCOHOL. Tobacco, alcohol, and fiery condiments of all kinds are best avoided by those who have to speak much, or at least they should be used in strict moderation, I feel bound to warn speakers addicted to the "herb nicotine " against cigarettes. Like tippling, the effect of cigarette smoking is cumulative, and the slight but constant absorption of tobacco juice and smoke makes the practice far more noxious in the long run than any other form of smoking. Cigarette smokers are often in a state of chrome narcotic poisoning. Though the process may be slow, there can be little doubt that it is sure. Even if it does not kill the body, it too often kills or greatly impairs the victim's working efficiency and usefulness in life. The white spots on the tongue and inside of the cheeks, known as smoker's patches," are believed by some doctors with special experience to be more common in devotees of the cigarette than in other smokers ; this unhealthy condition of the mouth may not only make speaking troublesome, or even painful), but it is now proved to be a pre- disposing cause of cancer. All fiery or pungent foods, condiments, or drinks tend to cause congestion of the throat, and if this condition becomes chronic it may lead to impairment if not complete loss of voice. HE-LAUanS AT THE " MYSTERIOUS POSSETS AND DRAUGHTS." Sir Morell has a Hing alike at Mr. Gladstone's egg and sherry and the Iron Chancellor's brandy and seltzer. " The supposed miraculous virtues of the mysterious possess and draughts on which some orators pin their faith exist," he says, " mainly in the imagination of those who use them at best they As nothing more than lubricate the joints of the vocal machine so as to make it work more smoothly. This is just as well done by means of a glass of plain water. In France water sweetened with sugar is the grand vocal elixir of political orators As Mdme. de Girardin said, somewhat un- kindly : ' Many things can be dispensed with to the tribune. Talent, wit, conviction, ideas, even memory, can be dispensed with, but not eau silence.' Stimulants may give a sort of ' Dutch courage to the orator, and may carry him successfully through a vocal effort in which indisposition or nervousness might otherwise have caused him to fail, but the immediate good which they do is dearly purchased by the thickening and roughening of the mucous surface of the throat to which they ultimately give rise. The London '* Ironmonger" reports a preference for American tools in the English, Aus- tralians Mid New Zealand markets GOOD OLD GHOSTS. Two capital ghost stories reach us from the other side of the Atlantic. The first is Canadian, the second comes from Pennsylvania, Last autumn there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic Railway, near the station at St. Schblastique. A , farmer named Brunei was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him and threw his body 100ft. away, so horribly mangling it that portions were found in the branches of a clump of trees growing beside the track. There have been five different engineers of that train since then, the last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for the resignations was that the clump of trees was haunted, and that there were strange signals given there every night, which always stopped the train and then disappeared. The engineer who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving up his position. WHY THE ENGINEER RESIGNED. It's a ghost or something like it, and it has been the cause of four other engineers asking to be transferred. I first saw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St. Scholastique, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. I had hardly got her going when I saw what seemed to be a red star floating in the air, perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It grew larger as I got nearer, and suddenly it struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in the air-too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. As I got within 200 yards of the trees the red globe seemed to jump across from the trees right over the track. This all took place in a shorter while than it takes me to tell it. I was startled, The light was undoubtedly that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the train. I hadn't time to call the attention of my fireman to it before I was on top of it. Frightened and fearful that there was something the matter with the road, I whistled down brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran forward and asked what was the matter. I told him, and we started back to investigate. There was nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor could any footprints be discovered in the snow to show that anybody had been in the neighbourhood. Now, up to that time I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the conductor, George Welles, was strangely agitated, and the fireman looked scared, Tn_ rieur GLOBE ONCE MORE. My next up trip was two nights later, and precisely the same phenomenon appeared. 1 was scared this time. That it was supernatural I- had no doubt, and despite an inclination to brave the ghostly warning and keep the train going my hands turned off the steam and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. I explained exactly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point. My fireman then told me that the apparition, ghost, or whatever it was had been seen by four others, who had all got other shifts. "They couldn't stand it, Neither could I-and here I am, laid off. ' . A HiAVTOJI PLOUGHMAN. ' In the north-western corner of Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County is., a great hubbub has been raised by a" phantom farmer who is nightly seen plough- ing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by a farm hand who was returning late from courting. Emerging from a wooded path- way that skirled an old<forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt, He looked in vain about the place for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on his ears A shiver crept over him as he heard the croaking of an unseen harness, and his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a horse almost directly before him. At that moment the new moon stole over the neighbouring tree tops, and in its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined against the dark back ground, and its two hands held in a steady grasp the projecting handles of a plough, Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly outlined in the misty light, their! heads erect and their eyes flashing fire as they moved hastily along. The young man waited another moment to reassure himself and was about to take to his heels when ploughman, horse, and plough suddenly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. SEEN BY SEVEN MEN. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, the young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. They had not long to wait Without the noises that had warned Cooper the night before, the phantom farmer appeared before the eyes of the seven men who sat upon the fence, or, to be more accurate, who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and beard streamed in the passing wind. No hat was upon his head, nor could any portion of his face be seen except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height of more than 7ft. from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which could not well be traced, there was a phos- phorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the terrified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer turns the river waves. On he came, the horses seeming to exhale fire, their heads erect and arching, and footfalls as firm and clear as any the watchers ever heard. At the corner of the field they turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and again passed before the affrighted spectators, who thereupon fled in haste. THE FIELD PLOUGhED BY THE GHOST. On the following morning a crowd of. rustics determined to go to the field and see whether any trace of the farmer could be found. As they came in sight of the enclosure one of the number exclaimed in astonishment : " I'll be darned if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough." He was right. One-half of the field had been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows were not quite so br, ad at the of made by an ordinary ploughman, but they were less ragged and more deep and were as straight as the most experienced eye could make them. A day or two after the same group went out to view the fields again, and this time they found that the phantom had finished the work. The owner of the field was one of the number, and he took a solemn oath that he had not turned a sod in the enclosure. From the Pyramid Hill Advertiser we learn that Mrs. M. A. Henderson, mother of Mr. J B. Henderson, chief hydraulic engineer, died recently at Pyramid Hill, near Geelong, Victoria, at the advanced age of 83 years. The deceased lady was the relict of the late Hector Henderson, distiller and shipowner, of Glasgow, and a daughter of the late John Norris, Staff-surgeon East India Company. The deceased lady had been a resident of the colony for thirty-five years. 