A Headless Ghost. An English Farmer's Cruel Revenge on Sis j Fake Lady Love. 1 | About thirty miles south of London, in one of the prettiest parta of England, is s village called Shalford. Adjoining it is a large common, or public pasture. There are a tew houses fronting on it, prominent among which there was, about twenty years ago, a rather eingalar-looking tdifice, known to the village folk as the " Black House." The name was apparently ill-chosen, for the bricks were white and the tiles a bright red. i But there was a good reason for the name, j as any local gossiper has pleased to explain. 1 The house had been built by a farmer named | Somera for the reception of a young lady of j good position who was shortly to become his i bride. The wedding day had been fixed. But a few days before the one fixed for the wedding day the bride disappeared, and a few hours after her departure a farm handin the employ or Somera was also Ecught for and found net. Rumor coupled the two names, and tlie dis appointed bridegroom started ofi in hoi haste ia pursuit. For several months the house remained untenanted, but one .night lights were observed in the windows. The next day there was much speculation r.s to whether Somers had returned or whether he had rented. Bat there was .no signs of life during the nest nor the succeeding day, and finally it was thought advisable to force, an entry. Accordingly the local blacksmith and Somers' farm bailiff broke open the frGni door. The house was loncd exactly £-s left by Sorters whsn he started out on fcia tour of revenge, nor was there any explanation to be detected of the lights seen at night. j That evening the windows v.ere again bright, and for several successive nights the phenomenon was repeated. Finally a com mittee o! three was appointed to investigate. ? The members of the committee were the blacksmith, the parish clc-ik, and an oid j skeptic who believed in no one -but himself, j After eating a hearty supper at the village j inn the trio set out on their task. The clerk j was very nervous, the blacksmith defiant and j the skej- tic sarcastic. The door was forced j open and the men proceeded to investigate. ! j They made a tour of all the roomp, bat dis- j j covered nothing. The clerk became "reas- j j sured, the blacksmith sighed for someone cr j something to fight, and the skeritic threw in an " I told you there was nothing " every two or three minutes. j \- But shortly before "midnight the lighf o* | the lanterns carried by the intrepid investi- j gators was supplemented by a bright iliumi nation which seemed to have no natural source. The clerk looked at the blackemitb, and even the skeptic felt himself at fault. Suddenly the first named sprang to his feet j and rushed headlong out into the-passage, [ along it to the front door, and through it on j to the open pasture. The blacksmith and j the skeptic turned and decided to fellow his j lead as beEt they could. For, standing in | the far corccr was a figure so weird that not | even the skeptic cculd control his fears. It j was the figure of a young woman, absolutely j headless, and f nvolped in a shroud el sur j passing brilliancy. From ihfs unnatural j clothing the mysterious light "seemed io j emerge. The two men got away safely and j corroborated the parish clerk's defcription of j the scene. The story was not generally j crc3itcd, but again end again was £ha-hcu=e rented, only to be vacated by e^ca sueccedicg tenart after one daj's cecupsuon. Xeitber Somers nor his false lady love ever reap peared at Sbalford, and when yonr corres pondent last saw it the black hoa«e was still unoccupud and was gradually falling into ruins. 