WHISPERS AT THE WINDS «r -Q." The Bland Holt season is drawing to a close at the RoyaL The idea is that it has not in more ways than one been of the character which was originally intended, or desired by the hard- working and enthusiastic actor. Would it not have been tlie tact, ray, that if The Uniou Jack nod tux oeen a saunre, ana -a tbe very outset pntamanerory nulUtniie round their neck more new things would have been launched vpuu us? I fcuess that's so. .Bvts manager, and especially » non-permaiAnt cn% thinks twite before be risks too ranch on new productions after ben been bitten once. It is not quite certaineither that she season will be on tne whole a vastly remunerative one, aud that is to be regretted. Tbe old sensa tion, New Babylon. is to be put op on Saturday, and it trill play tlie Holt season out. Then the recent arrivals from home, who were playing The Silver Falls, iu Adelaide, make their ofahuf in anew piece called The P-iutsuian, written hy Messrs Carton aud Raleigh, and produced at the&ondon; Olympic 16 months pn. It is a play of villainy aud iuosl assuredly Dick DugdaJe is a viltuin ut the deepest die. He begin bv costing off a mistrras who is destined to be his perdition, and proceeds liy easy stages to murder, rOh, murder and rob again, first as the keeper of a waterside poblichouse at Graveoend, which Jibs a convenient trap door for thn re ception of murdtred guests, raid subsequently as an aristocratic diamond merchant in Hol- born, in which ceiiacity ho gets nd of certain diamond stolen from a digger jut returned from the Booth African diamond field?. Prac tically tlie play is without hero or heroine, bat still Hie under and female ioterf-staarn notne- elected. There are some sensational things in it the great at of tiiein all, and the big scenic setting being a railway collision, . You first assist at tlie mismanagement of the signals in the signal box, next you hrar the crash of tlio collioiun in the wing?, and finally, by the rapid whirl of scenery, you become a spectator cf the piled -upwrrck of the misdirected trains, and extrication of the killed and wounded. That is surelv fTiioiigh to -make your hair stand on end. When The Pointsman is relieved froui duly there will be S.lver Falls. The test of time is showing that The Woman of the Guard does not appvnl so generally to play-goers or catch tro pupalminr oh some of the previous Gilbert-Sullivan. It is a pity, but still " facts are chiels that winua ding and and daur'na be disputib and the attendance ells the tale. The stalls and dirts circle ate always fstrly good, but- the gallery is seldom up to tlie mark. Evidently the people finve so thoroughly got int» the original groove of the Gilbrrt- Sullivan operas that they cannot all at once getout of it. liut, osturr as "egRSiseggs," they will catch on to tliu ''new development," ana I have a pretty strong notion that when tlte comiiany come back before Cup time from their tour and revive The Yeurnan, it will have morenttentinn and faipiliarised Aimirers. A great blow has been dealt to the tuccefs of the iiiec» by the sudden and sevre illness of Nclite Stewart. T'iie talented p»|ircs?ntftt!ve of Elsie was un able lo appear on Monday night, aud there will lr many who will be i»ry that her illws.t is of n s»=rMU8 uuture. Botnclhiiig has bem hanging about her recently, and they are nfroid that it is to develop into fever of a dangerous tyj>e. Let us hcjMf not. Meanwhile her un derstudy, Mary rollaid, is doing her best with the part' Warren's French adaptation, Modern Wives, was revived ab the Hibernian llall by the 13. and 13. company ou Monday, and a pretty nuuierous audience enjoyed the iicrforinance, It is an amusingly absurd farce, out there is a lot of laughter in ir, and (here is some excellent acting in it. But von know pretty well all about it hy it? having Lceit previously dewritx-d and commented on. Nowadays Pattie Browne is tli» Mr HoDeynctt of the cast in place of Nina Rmicicault, snd she j>rtcutB it in the IIIJIM3IVU UdtuiilE, fljliril, lirougb ia os huiuorcus as «'ver, Tithendge not a whit Icfs fresh and free, young BoucicauJt natty ss of old, Mrs Brough again ldylike and likeable. . The comedy goes smoothly. Af.ro/, ss of the coni|tatiy, I think it wa«; a very nice thii g for the footballers to be able to hand over close upon 1)00 to those who euffertri by the lkjou fire. I'm (old that the Association are to urrsiige n niAtcli ns a compliment to Messrs Bruugh :iud Doucicault thcmbelvcs. Mr George Darrell ir. reported to have cleared L1500 from Ilia three months' Netv Zealand, tour.— Auckland Otacrvcr, This is Good biz You've done, my boy, But is it, George, current ? You know tiouieshow Receipt of joy Wbc-n they were almcst wrecked ! Siiiich, tiro lighting engineer at the Royal, ha?' ju.-t invent (1 and fined up a system of lichtir.g tl.c stage, which is like'y to revolu- tionisc ihentres in uiat department. Anybody who knows auy thing about ihe bother and the vexation of working the lights will lie delighted that- some iir.provtuieni iu tlie matter has been effected. Smith. I may tell you, is an expert nt these things and was long with Professor Pepper, of ghost reputation. What he has done by ills invention is to entirely abolish the uncertain and flickering lime light and employ the inenn- dezcent little lamps uf electric light-. At the first entrance at each side there is something like a long rcvol ving tube of 3 st ripesof different colored classes—any color? can be quickly fitted in— which revolve round tlie line of electric lights. At the footlights there is t!>0 same contrivance, and tho whole throe aro worked simulrancnuriy or separately at will. A wheel at tlie prompt entrance affrets the former, and the latter is oouc by (tie hand. It is very simple, is certainly a large saving to managers, and 1 fancy Smith has dune the stage a considerable service. The Ojmts House has been the locate of two or three events during the jiaet fen- days. Of online 3iiln continues bis presentation ol Hamlet, and his performance of the Danish prince has recemd the ipular imprimatur equally os impUstic as hi jirevious efforts iu Shakevperiau part. Another little matter eveutuated mi Saturday, when Isabel Mom was given a 'Vnd off" matinee benefit. To wish her tan voyttgt a very numerous as semblage of her friend and admirers, and theatre-goers generally, were around fipr. and he ought to be satisfied with their favors. Representatives from all the permanent shows in the city a«.i6ted in the programme, atl(j toe ent' rtainmet.t was tons as varin) as ir. wu protracted. Phil Beck, in a bit of an egotistical iqieech, mad- a presentation to Miss Morri?, who neatly, modestly and heartily responded. I daresay the benefit lioukC would make up to LI00, wliic - is nt a bad sum for the lady to take with her to America. Th« third event was a meeting called by Milu to express sympathy vivli the great American actor, Edwin Pojtli, who was stricken ill on the stage at Brooklyn while acting (bo other night. It was a kindly compliment by a fellow-countryman and brother-in-arois, ana it was paid by others than those who hail from the land of the Stars and Sniim, or who have an immediate connection with the stage. The stage wis the meeting-ulaee, aud there was a rcuresentative and influential gathering, whieli was presided over by the American Gonsulr Both by toe chairman and by Mr Miln speeches becomingly eulogistic and sympa thetic were driijrrrrd, and toe result was that it was unanimously onred to send tbe ailing actor a commumeatin of oondolnce. So they despatched a cablegram at once, and by next mail an address will be forwarded to Mr Booth, It was a happy, interesting If the nightly attendance at the Alexandra goes on aa it baa been' doing it will be some time before you see a change of tbe bill there. Realty -» to We a .look around— and I did so on Monday night— Its wonderful to ace the crowds - in . the stalls, the pit, and the' gallery. The drew circle does not "pan out" so well of course, but the gallery Ic quite an interest ing picture aiadf For a real out and outer of a playgoer give me on Alexandra gallery boy. There is a whole soundness about his en thusiasm and demonstration which you cannot help admiring even if you tnay doubt its discrimination. An4 tbece features have all ' full play over tbe Irish piree 8hamuO'Bne& which tbeDampien have fairly worked up into a big popular suc cess. Tbe genial and gentle Alfred under stands what palatum to ptracribe for his patauuislog patients, and be knoiral too.' in what dottt and how meet - iatatatiy and advantageously to admiidoter ft. He la always a ateoog favorite fdmidf, and. la the port «f tbe boy flfOBngallhe-alaikaa home, to their toacepwwIMHi t firmly, aftrotufly, nd- cffeetSmi Peered to "the ete UMtta aecoariida aoese -of 1m ttoattta l aodbyr drada Othtfv, atheymatboroDgbly eatisfied so for OS any. mortal pan ere, with pnreatatMNi and presentation of d.« £! — Wbe weeks Madame Midan will be (iroducrd nS Beck se vay snudi ~~and they are rebe anting toe Hume-Beck preuyteusely. Beck'a season will alao iodS the production of the Sanaa tiooal niece im. . AimralU, The Crimes of Tarit. The firm have now information about tv CelKteeeplie&soa; wrea produced in Load! fottosgbtaga. Aroe last moment toe iu»2 was dinged to Doris instead of WiMffSr arid it has -secured a large of favor, and promises t-s be a h? tines aueoeas. Grilicr is expected cm here again just before die Melbourne and after tliat wp will have Doris at to pnjj cess." Amongst tlie other tilings which Arthur Garner advises is tho engagf-im-nt of Blnnl Barry and Jannt Acfiurcli. Barry wostl m original in London of (ha miser in Lcs Glochra and niAde his fame in that part which he since been playing in tbe lirorinoes fcr s?vrn) years. He is a capital actor of Irish character parrs, and erc&ted; the rote of Harvey Duff in.TlicShaughraun when Boucieault first pro. duced it. This lii not his first ocquAinUna wi|h Australia; He mado liis first a|i|aranc? as an -nctnrin Melbourne here in IfcOand tome of the old stager recall him. jjii Adrarcii is a most promising young aclreL and bo held important engagements wiih tire Kcndols and otliers in Loodoo. They come 6O0U. I bad a chat with Clu>rlra liana the Ruatnun Arnold on Munday rvtming. oud Lhrr? i no doubt he isdclighLed with his Aubttoliau tour, lie loud in ihe praicta of our country and climate— he was never fo well in hi life ; and he grateful to tlte people for the appreciation and kindness shown him. He has just tan a Jrear out here, and he returns with a long leavy |>ursr, so Jie is happy. He goes homa on the Orient on Friday t<> vpend a iruntli in England and .on tho continent, mid he will make an rff>rt to get a short show in London while hv'n there. He o|Nns in America in September and fulfils a three years' engagement-, ,but wc may hiir. Hack here before that witli sometliiug nexv. While lui'sgoon Bill Lcekr, who plays tlie old boatman so well, has tho loan of Ifau?, and ha liegins a toor in the unvinited towns, lf-rinuing at Daylerford in a fortnight. H. If. Huberts, who lias latterly been plnying the navel chappie, tak?s Arnold's par, uud the original speaks well of hissucce&ror.; Harry Bracy will, I hear, riiortly Ik to the front again in comic opera. He is iu Sydney just uow, and has been singing at (In: Sunday concerts ; and Johnnie Sutamon having taken a nine months' lease of the Sydney Ofiera House, the idea is that Brucy will form a coin- pony, and pi-oduceTlic Beggar Student. Clnrk and Solombu, I believe, arc arranging fur tlio ajipearance ut the Opera H« arrivals at our Vic. after lliey'ru done here. "Short soup!" they cried. But who wero they? Hush ! Don't you speak so loud ! Say, vhib-per — they »r«-re pro, u ho wished To sec the Ciiinetc crown. They sallied forth in rilcnc.". No ! A hiccough rent thn air. It di?ap>cared. They Bourke street struck And scrambled up the stair. "Short soup!" they'd cried; and it wai Served With all John's wiley ways. Thov left; tiny slept; Uroy next morn. How were they ? No one snvs. My Sydney friend writes niu At the Royal. Sinhad the Sailor i not losing its power «f traction, and therefore there is no talk of withdrawing ir. The ar.ci'-i'il.niiiany Rye liav its youth 8nnicv.-h.it revived at lltr- MajeetyV, with, cf course. O.K. to (lie fw; fruut as l lie hero. Tlie play g j < rather wearily until the close, xvle're the jipwrrek FCPlie, which is tndv a wonderlul pircc magecrait, cniiipn 111 a coiiiiH?ii?niion. j n fact, revival of ihe boys " witii liners" were only jirevented from lieing rearitk Ixcause of iheiradunration of (lie way in which tho uero ran away with one of tlie eliip'a boiuw which anmmyed lnni. They are now firm believers in SaitiMii ovrrthrmv of thu PhilistincF. The Coghills continue to be hysterically cimic «t the (l.r>ty, notxviihstand. nig an occasional chestnut." W. G- Lestrr is a great success in his ventrilo quials. The company rniis another f-wtiiiglit and ojiens in Brishnn- nsxt. N »t by any lurans the least interest) r.g i art of tlie f-ailing of tlie Orient on Saturday w\8 the gathering of "the boys" to hid farewell to Arnold the Boatman and May Hannnn and Licp. Charlie has made henjw of friends here,- and regret at? his departure was only tempered by the hops that he will nt uo distant data return xviili 09 pretty a play as Hans. At the "Cri."' Sxveet Lavender is still proving very successful, l.-ut owing to the disaster to the lJijuu it xviil Lw withdrawn on Baturdav next m favor r.f Mamma, who will make her first appearance here. # W. H. S. is thankrd --inccr-ly for his c tings from America, and -rai!y bars to their inrertixn i» that thi v are a luilr bu ta local to tlie place Uiey refer. I'm glad, nay delighted, at all times to receive clippings an, iie.wApapcj from anyone, and there injud one thing I want — if you send me a liewtO paper, pleare mark par to which you vu-.h ms dexter optic to flash across. A London correspondent writes under data 29th March:— Mr Charlie Cotr.nt-jn, whom Frank Clark took to Australia with Slade Mmray, apjirared by proxy l ofgre Mr Justice Butt and a &|>?cinl jury on Monday last to petition for a divorce from his wife. Marii Cmipton, whom he accused of adultery with MrKoacIi,of the Grand Theatre, Liverpool, and a man, named Mnrgt-lts, The jury, after hearing evidence, found the lady guilty oil both count?, but Mr Justice Butt declined to pronounce a decree tiifi until the petitionee retimed and could be duly examined. The Victoria programme this wc k lias some Sood nutft in it, ana there are lota of crackers. Intertainiug woik is still being done by tho new team. « . Kennedy hasn't all tho laughter on his aide ; there i pU-tity of it ia other?, tlie result of his mesmeric eff.rals. . Ubini's flens are a iiopuiar im-tiiution with those who take a walk along Buurke Tlie Darrells are again in town, but leave at once for Newcastle and Queensland. . .Matt 5\. Berry, -the agent fur Ivatm ru.mun, lias come on to Melbourne to maiie nrr paraiions for the opening. . . Grattari Riggs is &9 Ararat. 