THE MAYBRICK CASE. ' Appearances are terribly against me, but before God I sweat lam innocent' Thus Florence Elizabeth Majbrick wrote en the day when she was taken into custoay for the murder of her haiband, who died three days before. Unfortunately for her the letter was written to her paramour, and with the certain know ledge that it would come under the cognizance of the police. There have been many esses before now ii which a woman has beenchaxged with the murder of her husband, but tr;* case seems to have attracted a particularly large amount of attention in England. In the first instance the popu'ir feeling was dead against Mrs. Maybrick for some reason or another which does not appear. This feel ing gradually changed until It reached the extraordinary climax which we announce this morning. The convictci murderess has been cheered on her way to Walton Gaol, and the Judge who sentenced her to death has been hissed and hooted in the streets of Liverpool. For Mrs. Maybrick has been convicted of the murder of her late husband. The greatest English advocate of the day has been engaged In her defence. Sir Charles Kcsiell has employed his unrivalled powers In the task of proving Mrs. Maybrick innocent of the terrible charge brought against her. He has failed, and the wretched woman has been sentenced to pay the death penalty for the crime which she Is accused of having com mitted. James Maybrick was a well- known merchant in Liverpool. He was at least fifty yean old, and he had married a wife some twenty-three or twenty- four years younger than himself. The wife had found out that her husband was old, and she had entered into an illicit connection with a person named Brierley. Bat the husband was sot so old a*» to prevent his discovering this lizi s-,n, and he spoke to his wife vei/ forcibly on the subject. He had rever been veiy strong, and the shock of ihe discovery of her treacheiy and of the subsequent explosion made him thoroughly ill. Here it must be noticed 'that according to the evidence produced at the various enquiries into the cause of Mr. Maybrick's death the deceased gentleman was In the habit of using poisonous medicine, Helding to the n»'*taken advice of the medical gentlemen who had attended hi«n, be had Indulged in copious doses of arsenic, taken in certain quantities Besides *Vs, he wa3 accustomed to ask the advice of non- professional friends, acd to pay them the undeserved com pliment of following it. For instance, he had taken arsenic as an anti-periodic. Of two medical advisers whom he had con sulted, one made him take strychnine and nux vomica, and the other prosais acid. With these facts before us we are not in clined to wonder that the medical opinion, as to Mr. Maybrick's death was that it was due to ' exhaustion set up by an irritant poison.' If a man takes arsenic regularly, if he Is bolstered up by prussic add and strychnine, it is hardly a natter of surprise that 'an irri tant poison' should have something to do with his death. And, to make matters worse for the medical men engaged In the case, it appears that as a last resource the unfortunate man was dosed with japonandle, a poison which is not a poison unless it is taken in large doses. All this might be accepted as sufficient evidence in favour of the prisoner, who was charged with having killed her toibaud deliberately. But an addition can be made to it. One of the doctors, the usual medical attendant of the family, stated that the cauze of death was apparently 'acute congestion of the stomash' or 'dyspepsia.' He would not, however, grant a certificate of death from natural causes, first, because he had been told that murder was In the air— Dr. Humphreys did not state this reason very clearly — acd, secondly, because 'arsenic was found.' This statement does not give any information as to where the arsenic was found. It might have been in the1 house ' of Mr. Maybrick, or It' might have been in his body. But 'at any rate it Is dear enough that the suspicions of the doctors would not have been aroused but for the Interposition three days before, the- death of Mr. May brick of his two brothers. There can be no doubt whatever but that Mr. Maybrick died from the effects of an irritant poison. By whom administered 1 That is the ques tion which was decided In Liverpool yesterday against Mrs. Maybrick. But to what end did she commit the crime ? Not for the sake of tbe money of her husband. It was proved before one of the three Courts which have tried her that the will of the deceased gentle man had not been subjected to her examination, and nobody, so far as we can learn, suggested that she desired to enter upon the enjoyment of more funds. We are driven to the supposition that she removed her husband in order to marry her paramour. The supposition bears, its own refutation on its very face. A woman maybe criminal enough to outrage the law which binds her to -her husband, bat there h not a tittle of evi dence to support the theory that the murder of Mr. James Maybrick was plotted In order to render possible a union between the widow of the murdered man and her lover. The case has been imagined indeed In one of Zola's novels, when after a time the widow of the victim and her paramour are married, The ghost of the murdered man comes between them, and they end by murdering each other. The money interest removed, we have the further motive of hatred. Mrs. Maybrick hated her husbrod, if we are to believe the evidence given before the Coroner and theMagistrates. Butthestrongexpressions of a woman married to a man twice her age are to be discounted liberally, and it would be a moral Injustice to translate the professed 'hatred' into a determined plan to kill. And, Indeed, the evi dence seem* to emphasize the eood intentions of Mrs. Maybrick. She behaved abominably In preferring another man to her husband, but it Is hard to believe that she supplemented her treacheiy with murder. It was she who drew attention to Mr. Maybrick'a pernicious habit of taking arsenic 8he nursed him night and day until she was ordered off by her brothersin law. She herself swears that she used the arsenical fly-papers for a facenrasb, and that her husband eagerly demanded some of the poison. She accounts for the presence of the arsenic in the meat- juice by the statement that Mr. Maybrick earnestly desired some to relieve his pain. But, beyond her own testimony, we have the witness of persons who swore that the poieon was not bidden from general view. Can any one believe that a woman bent on murdering her husband In cold blood would be so foolish as to leave the means by which ihe worked ready for the inspection of inmates of the house and visitors? One could easily enough understand if a man, who had killed his wife In a fit of frenzy, left the hatchet or ihe knife stained with the blood of his victim where it would readily be noticed. Bat the fiend in the shape of man or woman who conld slowly do a human person to death is pretty Bure to have kept his Instruments hidden. It seems to us in the face of the facts, so far as they are known here, that it Is a strained and unreasonable conclusion to arrive at that James Maybrick was murdered by his wife. She has been guilty of unfaithful nees, and fa that respect has properly alienated the sympathy of all who respect the marriage tie, but it Is hard to believe that she has been guilty of murder. _^ _^^ Natiokai. Usetj.— The small atten dance on the occasion of the second lecture delivered by Mr. 6. B, Park1*), M.A., may be regarded as a proof that South Australia is not profoundly impressed with the urgency of federation as advocated by the Impetial Federation League. It is doing Mr. Parkin no more than justice to say that if any one could excite in Adelaide enthusiasm for the cause which the League has at heart he conld do it. Not only Is he thoroughly in earnest himself, bat he htia fascinating way of setting before an audience the faith that is in him. He is no Imperialist In the centralizing or bureau cratic sense. What he aims at Is to bring about a partnership between the several portions of the British Empire founded on mutual confidence and maintained on healthy co-operative principles. He repudiates the idea of one of the parties to the agreement, even if it be the mother country herself, lording it over the others, or having a preponderating influence in the Councils of the whole. His Ideal of oational unity is one to which all except those who have made up their mine* for separation at all hazards can subscribe. Unfortunately he has not made it clear that in this matter he accurately represents all that the League which has accredited him to Aus tralia wants. There is an i ?npression born of the very vagueness and indefiniteness of the League's programme that In the union which is sought the colonies will get the worst of the bargain. This view may be quite unwarranted, bat until some idea is given of the way in which it is proposed to accomplish the woik which the League has taken in hand it will be entertained. Apart from such con siderations, however, Mr. Parkin's visit to Adelaide has been productive of good. Those who have been brought in contact with him have found him a liberal minded straightforward fellow- colonist So far as one man's Influence can go he has strengthened the good feeling between Australia and Canada, and fostered the good under standing between this and other parts of the Empire. He has found that South Australians are not eager to bind themselves blindly to a nebulous federal system, but he must also have discovered that there Is no well-defined dealre here for catting adrift from Great Britain. In h's remarks last night on the subject of Imperial defence he appears to have done scant justice to Australia. It is true that we are not to contribute to the millions that the British Parliament bas ceen fit to appropriate for the purpose of enlarging the navy, but we have bound ourselves to contribute liberally to a power ful squadron that is to be sent to these waters, and which Is to be ava:lable for the general protection of British commerce In this part of the world as well sa to the defence of Australia. In this respect, at least, we are taking a substantial share in the burden of maintaining the interests and promoting the security of the Empire at large. Ab to the proposal to establish a branch of the Imperial Federation League in Adelaide there Is not much in it to cause rejoicing or regret. As ft ' matter of policy It jrould roe better to change the name to the National Unity Leagtie, and to prevent miiunder standing it is to be hoped that this altera tion1 will be made. For the test, we tendered .a welcome: :to Mr. -. Parkin, when he- came, ? and it Is only' right to say that the! most favourable anticipations formed of him personally from his utterances in the other colonies have been folly realized. B.A3KBBS AND THHB. CUSTOMERS.— -The Supreme Court yesterday considered au ipplication to make absolute a role nisi to set aside a judgment by Mr. Justice Pater and a Jury in the Local Court at Palmerston. The plaintiff, Bernard Murphy, a storekeeper Dn the Katherine Biver, had an account with the English & Scottish Bank, who dishonoured a cheque of bis for £115. Thereupon Murphy brought an action against the Bank, and was awarded £490 damages. The appeal was made. on the ground of misdirection to the. Jury by the Judge. The plaintiff had had an overdraft with the Bank some months before the cheque was presented. It was admitted that the custom was to charge the interest on overdrawn accounts half-yearly. That, however, was ihown: by the evidence of the Manager to be subject to notice being given that the credit was overdrawn. Less than six months before the cheque was presented the Manager gave notice that in future the account most* be kept at credit. At that moment, according to the. contract- between the parties, the interest became due and payable. On the day. .on which the cheque was presented or the day before the plaintiff obtained his passbook from the BanEj and it showed a pound or two more to his credit than the amount for which the cheque was drawn. By debiting the account with interest there was less to the plaintiff's account than the cheque was drawn for, and it was therefore dishonoured* The role for setting aside the judgment was made absolute, and there is nothing in the decision to alarm the customers of Banks. A customer knows, or ought to know, what cheques hehaadrawn and what his arrangements with the Bank are, and though it seems hard to have a cheque dishonoured because the balance to credit is only a few shillings less than the amount of ihe cheque, there Is no doubt that the Bank has a right to adopt thia coarse if it is deemed necessary in- its own interests. In any case the decision in the Northern Territory challenged attack by reason of the unwarrantably large amount of the damages awarded. Tbubsdat's Pabuamjctt.— More than an hoar of ihe time of the Assembly on Thurs day, August 8, was devoted to a discussion upon ' Hansard' retorting. Mr. Dash wood, moving for a motion, complained that ' Hansard' had mentioned the Premier's alle gation that he had made 'low and scurrilous' remarks on Tuesday night, bat had not Riven Mr. Daahwood'a statements which were thus characterized. Mr. Dashwood now indig nantly denied that he had said anything justifying the Premier's expression. The complaint led to a genera) debate upon the 'Hansard' reporting arrangements, and the idea of an official staff was supported by several members. The general asou racy of the Parliamentary reports was acknowledged by most of the speakers. The Bill providing for the removal from the Civil list of the officers of Crown Solicitor and Under- Secretary passed op to Its third reading almost without discussion, after Mr. Kingston had protested against the Attorney General giving a fee to an outside solicitor for drafting such a simple measure, which conld have been prepared in a few miaaies by one of his officers, if not by the offioe boy. The Attorney ? General moved the second reading of the GlenelgFort Land Bill, and some speakers following commented very ?trongly upon the conduct of Mr. Gray, owner of the land required for the fort, in aemanamg irom tne government wnac iney deemed to be an extravagant price for bis property. The Bill proposed to allow the Government to enter immediately into possession of the land irrespestlve of the amount, and to erect the fort, leavfog M *. Gray to use his legal remedy. The Hon. T. Playfoid said that oa account of tne special circumstances the Bill should name a fair pries to be paid for ihe land, and should take It from Mr. Gray. Mr. 8took suggested that £l,7C0 should be fixed, and not commit ting himself to any specific amount the Premier taid'he thought the suggestion wai good. Other speakers drew attention to the Impor tance of the principle Involved in ibis matter. The debate was adjourned till Tuesday, after the Govn ament had agreed to make alteration* in the schedule. The Municipal Corporations Bill passed its second reading with great dispatch after a short and concise speech by the Treasurer (Bon. F. W. Holder) and a slight subsequent discos «ion.' It was stated that the Jotat Standing Orders Committee will *i a few days con ?ider a proposed assimilation of the Standing Orders of both Houses, so as to overcome the difficulty hitherto felt in Including gas and electric lighting acd other provisions in municipal legislation, and Mr. Holder pro mised to take other steps if necessary to accomplish that purpose, Mr. Martinson introdu^d hfa Eight-hours BUI amidst aome expression of dissent. The second read'-ig trill be moved on Angus! 28, The Hoass tdjourned at 6 o'clock. The Commbbcul Bass Case.— In the Banco Court on Thursday, before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boucaut, Mr. 8 mon, Q.C., on behalf of a number of ?hareholdera of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, appealed against the order giv»ng the Liquidators leave to bring an action against (he Directors, claiming £32O,0C0 for breach of trust and paying dividends oat of capital Mr. Symon quoted from ihe Companies Aot to prove thatahareholders had a perfect right to inteipoie in this manner. The Court, however, ruled that they had no auoh right, and dismissed the application with oostt. New GovBBmnsT Bnzs.— On Tuesday, August 13, Ministers will ask leave *u the Assembly for ihe introduction of Bills for ins continuation of payment to members of Par liament beyond the time fixed ia the original Act, for the alteration of last year's Land Act, and for the amendment and con solidation of the electoral laws. A South Austkaliak Mxdical Stodeot. —We learn that Mr. Henry Lesohen, the eldest son of Mr. A. Leschen, of this city— who after pursuing bis medical studies in Germany has latterly been attending the University of Edinburgh— has very success fully passed in his final examinations at that seat of learning, and gained his diplomas of M.B. and Ch.M. Mr. Henry Leschen will probably return to Adelaide In the course of a few months, as it is his intention to practise in the city. Legalizing the JSight-houbs System.— The following Is a copy of 'A Bill for an Act to Define the Proper Duration of a Day's Labour,' introduced by Mr. Martinson in the Assembly on Thursday, August 8:— ' Whereas it is desirable for the general welfare of the community that the hours of daily labour should be such that workmen may have a reasonable time at their own dis posal for recreation, mental culture, and the performance of social and civil duties, and whereas it would be co ducive to this end to declare by law the proper duration of a day's labour, be it therefore enacted by the Government of the province of South Aus tralia, with the advice aud consent of the Legislative Council and the House of Attembly of the said province in thia present Parliament assembled, as follows t— 1. This Act may be cited as the Eight Houis Aot of 1889. 2. In this Aot the term * workman' means any person employed ia manual labour, which term In cludes the work dons by mechanics, handi craftsmen, artisans, journeyman miners, engineers, firemen, railway servants, sailors and other persons employed in ships or vessels when in port, and all other persona working) with their hands atj any kind of work, except as herein expressly excepted, 'but does not include the wo?t'O|^3lMf.i.wW thejbip,0S vesseifi andecw& joB^TViVviageytor tbe^rork ©I ; doi aestib: (errant*; ? orlfhe ? work- ef persons employed in-nahlpp .or : veswl8_to- do- similar : work to that of domestic' servants, r.\ The; terjn * employer^inctades/ -any; agent*, or ser- : vant of an employer who is entruited..with . the duty-* of aaperyisiou or of engkgiaff or a^cha^giBg servants. 3. -Whenever Jnany contract of hiring, whether verbal or in wrl- . ing, reference is male to a day's labour, or it is stipulated -that the rate of payment for labour shall be calculated at a fixed prioe for a day's labour, or calculated by reference to a! day's labour, such day's labour shall be taken to be labour for eight hours/and shall also, unless otherwise expressed, be taken to be labour between ihe hours of seven in tin morning and six in the evening. 4. When ever in any contract of hiring provision is in tended to be made for the work of any work man being continued for more than eight hours In any one day, it shall be .necessary that a special stlpalition be made in regard thereto, and that a special rate of payment for all time beyond the first eight hours be fixed by ocdtraot, 6, Except in case of a contract made as pre scribed by the last preoedins section, and then only in 'accordance with its provisions it shall not be fcwfol for any employe* to work without his own consent for more than eight hours: in. any one day. - And except as aforesaid no employer shall dismiss a work man by rea/ton of .bit refusal to work fora longer period than eight hours in anyone day. Any employer who offends against the provisions of this section shall bs liable to a penalty of £5. '..... Ai NOBXHBBN TCBBISOBZ BAHKIHO AO couot,— The E.S. and A.C. Bankappealed in the Supreme Court on Thursday, before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Bouoaut, ajainst a judgment by Mr. Justice Paterjand a Jury, in the Local Court of Palmerston, awarding Bernard Murphy, storekeeper on the Eatherine Biver, £190 damages for she dishonour of a cheque for £115. The grounds fortha appeal were alleged misdirections to the Jury by Mr. Pater. At the time the cheque was presented the actual funds to the plaintiffs credit amounted to only £114 16j 4d., the current account being debited with a small sum which the plaintiff owed the Bank as interest on an overdraft, which the Bank bad required him to pay off on finding that he had given a cheque in a gambling transac tion. For Murphy it was songhtto be shown among other things that the date for making the deduction for interest on overdraft had not arrived, and that the Bank passbook ahowed that he had over £115 at credit when he cheque was dishonoured. Their Honors thought that, in any case, tbe Jury's award was abnormally large, seeing at there was nothing to indicate that the plaintiff had suffered injury. Beyond this they found misdirections, and intimated that although the bookkeeping of the Bank had been bad it was the plaintiffs dnty to have checked the figures in his psssbook. An order was made setting aside the verdict, and nonsuiting ihe plaintiff with costs. Mb. Wabd on Legal 'Wigs.'— Mr. Ward, M.P., Ia devoting some of his spare energies to the consideration of the momen tous wig question, which has been before the Assembly thii week. He will ask Ia tbe House next Tuesday— ?? Will the Attorney General consider the propriety of taUag some steps to abolish the custom of Judges of the Supreme Court »nd practitioners ap pearing before them wearicg wigs, especi ally fc» ihe summer t**nef . Criminal Sittings.— The hoaxing of ths criminal charges on the August calendar was continued on Thursday, and in the osse of the lad Willhm McGaffio, convicted of assault upon a little girl, the J udge sentenced the prisoner to four years' hard labour aud on9 whipping of twenty strokes, bat said he would recommend the remission of the imprisonment to eight months. The law did not leave the Judge auy power to order a shorter period tbr? four years. William Henry Henderson, convicted on his own con fession of attempting an anitataral offence, was rentenced to two years' hard labour. William Forby was acquitted of a felonious assault. George Williams received seven years' hard labour for stealing. Abel 1 Weaver was sent to hard labour for two years for a criminal assault. A similar charge against John Alexander Schmidt and Charles Jones broke down, the prosecutrit admitting that she made no objection when the attempt was made. At the opening of the Court tbe Acting Crown Prosecutor asked Hit Honor if it oonld be vrranged that two Courts should sit en Friday if the list was not finished. His Honor intimated in the afteiioon thai Mr. Justice Boucaut would take the second Court in order that the rittirgs might not extend over this week. The aheepstealing case will be continued to-day, and the remainder of the calendar will be taken. With the two Courts iittibg it is more than probable that the list wDljbe finished to- day. The Eably-closzhg Movemest.— Dapu- tations of drapera* assistants waited upon ttetsrt. Craven & Armstrong, F. Parker, and J. Smith on Thursday morning. Mr. E. Wheeler introduced the deputations, and repeated what he had said to the other firms whom they had met on the previous day.j Messrs. Craven & Armstrong intimated that their months were closed on she subject Mr.; Parker promised to give an anstro through his Atscolatlon'a Secretary by Satur day next, and Mr; J. Smith said he we'd act independently of any Masters' Asso ciation. It will be noticed by advertisement that Meurs. McDonald & Walter, on whom the deputation had previously waited, have screed to adopt the sliding scale, Govebnmeht Lahd 8alis. — - At the Goveijment Land Office on Thursday, Angrst 8, Mr. Wlnton, the Gove.ament auctioneer, disposed of the following leases -.-North cf Denial Bay, No. 3.083, 98 miles, W. M. Crawloxd, 5a. 3d. par mile ; Kangaroo Island, south part of 2,968, 23 (nfles, T. Frier, £1 per mile; north-east of Denial Bay, west part of 3,153, SO miles, J. W. Freeman, S«. 3d. par mile ; Smoky Bay, 3,111, 78 miles, W. M. Crawford, 5s. 3d. per mile ; near lYarlbuuda Hill, 2,764, 1C9 miles. W. H. Betts, Ss. 3d. per mile; north-east Denial Bay, part 2^84, 40 miles, W. M. Crawford, 6s. 3d. per mile. Fifty-three lots were' offered, containing 3,367 square mUea. Six lots were leased contain'ug 389 square miles, of which ihe annual rent is £119 la. 6d., the average per square mile being 6a. Id. On Thursday next Mr. Wlnton will offar a miscellaneous lease for sale situated ai Oul;na Head Station. The value of improve ments Is estimated at £2,992 15s. 9 J. Town lands will also be offered in Cockbum, Alf ord, Penola North, and Downer. MfLHABT Foeces.— At the Staff Office on Thursday sight seventeen men were' enrolled in the 3rd Battalion. Masbuh PosT-Omcs, — On Thursday Messrs, B. Homburg, M.P. and J. Ia Stirling, M.P., presented to the Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon) a memorial fronv the residents of Matmnm, Mannum Sooth, and Port Mannum asking that the post-office, which is at the extreme end of the township of Mannam and otherwise inconveniently situated, might be moved to a more central position. The Minister replied that he would .see what could be done to meet the wish of the residents in this matter. A Musical Kvbhko with Miss Haves gal.— A concert under this title was given on Thursday evening by the Flinders-street Baptist Choir. The members of the choir, numbering about twenty, occupied a raised platform at the end of the hall, which waa filled with a large and appreciative audience. The programme, Icomprising some twenty items, consisted of choruses, quartettes, and trios. The choruses were well rendered ; the words in all cases were clearly enunciated, and the precision with whioh they were sung Indicated oareful training. The opening ohoruf, 'Worthy ths Lamb,' the dosing one, 11 Musio by the Elver,' and ' Enough,' were especially well rendered, the expressive marki being carefully attended to and ihe crescendo* and diminuendos well sung. The solo, 'When Thou Passest through the Waters,' by Miss Hawkins, waa one of the gems of the evening. The trio, '* Thou art Gone to ihe Grave,' earned the only encore of the evening, and was sung with excellent effect by Misses Dtvidtoa, Darby, md Hawkins. Perhaps as enjoyable a number as khi re waion.-the programme was the solo and ah( irnsV '^Lovfog WAIong? (The «olo wai jungby-Misa Davidson, who poasesses a clear roiotiwitha' good range, and sang with mooh reeltyg! and expression.' - The aowmpani mepts were played by Mr. C. Mead, B.A., organist -of the Church, with much taste. Altogether the Flinders-street Choir had no reason to be ashamed of their performance, A Child Fatally Bubht.— On Thursday morning the City Coroner conducted an inquiry at theTorrena Arms Hotel, Mitcham, Into the prase of the sudden death on Fuesday morning of a little girl named Clara lane Gray, aged fifteen months, daughter of Mr. John 'Gray, of Cross-roads, Unley. Evidence wai given showing that about three weeks ago a spark flew out of a fire and burnt the child on theneoV. She seemed all right after the accident until about eight days igo, when the wound began to spread. Vaseline and Btto's salve were applied and appeared to stop the spreading. As the ohild was dull the parents thought it was teething, especially as she began to vomit The mother had arranged to take the child to the doctor on Tuesday, but on Monday night the little girl gasped for breath. The mother became alarmed and sent for Dr. Gault, but when he arrived the child was dead, The doctor atated that death in his opinion waa due to some septic Infection bob the slough- ' ing condition of- the wound. He thouzht that the. child might have been saved if a doctor had been called to- attend to it. The Jury; returned a verdict that she de ceased came to her death from the7 effects of a bun on the neck, and they were of opinion that bad medical assistance been o&lled; rooner fatal conseqaences would not have ensued. ?? St. Johit Ambulance Pbaciicb Gtua— The third annual social in connection with the 8b John Ambulance Practice Club was held at Esselbaeh'a Cafe' oa Wednesday evening, August 7. There was a good attend ance of members and friends. After light refreshments had been pissed round tongs were given by the President {Mr. 8pence), Messrs. WItheriok, WhUshil], May, and Sergeant-Major Perry, and a recitation by Mr. Pope, During the evening the President mode a presentation on behalf of the clab to the Hod. Secretary (Mr. A. F. Pearson), who has acted in thai capacity from the formation of the dub, and to whom muoh a! ihe success which has attended it is due, of an electro plated fruit-basket and eg&tand;, Mr. Pearson suitably responded, 8.A. Amatbub Photoobaphio Society.— The monthly meeting of the South Australian Amateur Fhotographio 8ociety was held at the Chamber of Manufactures oa Thursday evening. There was a good attendance of members. After various questions taken from the box had been discussed Mr. E. Kirohnerread a most exhaustive paper on ??Developing,' whioh was listened to with great attention, many members taking notes. The discussion waa adjourned until the next meeting. Mr. F. C. Kriohauff showed some very good storeoseopio viewt token while on a trip to Wentworth and MUdura. Several other members ahowed good work. A Bolt.— On Thursday morning as Mr. Charles Howitt, storekeeper, of Matfll, was driving in from Norwood, his hone bsoamo restless and ran ihe trap into the kerb. The vebide was smashed to pieces and Mr. Howilt thrown out. The hone bolted with the front part of ihe trap and oontfaaed it? career until it reached Waymoath-abreet, where it was stopped. 8;A. Railway Sbbvioe Mortal Associa MO5.— A oonoeri and dance ia oonncotion with ihe above Association will be held in tiu Town Hall to-night. ? Chubch ov Ehglam- Institute. — Ad dresses will be given to men in the Institute, Euje Chambers, to-nfebt by Archdeacon Julius and ihe Rev. W. 8. BopatMt. The Bishop is to preside. Adelaide ass 8ububp»k Tbahway Com pany.— The usual dividend of 4s. per shue will be paid by this Company on September 3\. ' Miss Ackbruann.— This lady will lecture in the Glenelg Wealeyan Lecture HaU to night. The City Atoitobship.— The followta; additional candidates have been tunounced : — Meanf. H. D. Cook, W. 8. Douglas. James Jpbnstone, Thomas Smith, and G. T. Lane. 