"BRAZENING IT OUT." The columns o£ our venerable con temporary, the Sydney Morning Herald, have for some time past been the Bcene of a controversial tourna- ment on the fiscal question between the editors of that journal and a cor-, respondent signing himself " An ex- " M.L.A" After this how ever, we advise tlis te.il -ar iu give up the ghost. It is nov/ plain. attempting -to run his opponents to logical earth ho i : about m profitably eDgaged as if he were following up the circumference of a circle with the view of finding the end of it. Their mode of dealing with the effect of Protection upon the price of com modities, for instance, as ex hibited in this morning's issue, renders them able to laugh at all argumentative pursuit henceforth and for ever. They have laid down a logical circle in which to corner them by any application of reason, fact, or common-sense is a simple impossi bility. On the point as to whether Free- trade causes us to pay moro or less for our wheat, their contention is that it causes both. "When wo pay more, that is tho result of Free-trade, and is a good thing ; while when we pay leEB that is also the result of Free- trade and also a good thing. In Victoria, on the other hand, when wheat goes up that is the clear result of Protection, and is a had thing while when the price drops, that is equally disastrous, and Protection must also bear the blame of it. This remarkable theorem is stated in our contemporary this morning in words which, for accuracy's sake, we will quote just as they are printed. " Protection," says the Herald, " ecmctimes raises and sometimes "lowers prices. To-day, wheat is " dearc-r iu Melbourne than in Syd- " ney in consequence of Protection j " laBt year it was cheaper in Mel bourne than in Sydney, also in "consequence of Protection." This, of course, puts the question out side the pale of argue .at alto gether. "When a woman is at the end of her logical resources she usually settles matters with the crusher that whatever is h because it is. With reasonable me that is generally the signal the controversy, and in the mrlay we take it that in making th .Extraordinary repljr to "ex-M.L.A." which we have just quoted the Herald wishes to in timate that there is no use in further bothering, as it means to stick to Pree-trade any way, and just " brazen " the thing out." When, for the past 10 or 15 years, the price of wheat was lower in Vic toria than in Hew South Wales, that colony was always held up as the awful example to our farmers. Pro tection, it was constantly argued, was the cause of this, by bringing about over-production. Pree-trade, on the other hand, by keeping our farmers constantly menaced with the com petition of all the cheap labor countries of the world, brought about a si ate of things under which only a limited number had tho temerity to risk their capital and labor in wheat culture, wherefore our market waB alwnyB under supplied and prices cor respondingly stiff. This is how it was that wheat was last year dearer in Sydney than Melbourne. Now, how ever, the positions of the two markets are found to be reversed, and Pres- trade sophists have to account for Victoria getting more per bushel for her surplus crop than New South Wales is receiving for her deficient one. This, they say, is Protection raising the price of the poor man'B loaf, and instead of asking the New South Wales farmer to mark how much better off he is this year under Pree-trado, they turn to the Melbourne citizen and offer him their crocodile tears over the dearness of bread. According to this showing, in voting against Protection the work men of the metropolis have been for years and years past rejecting cheap bread which the country districts were offering them, because they were told by their representative papers that it was the other way about, and the farmer was really try ing to dip a sly finger into their pockets. It is only when the price of wheat happens after a long Beries of years to get lower in Sydney than it is in Melbourne, that we hear how Pree-trade has been loading the colony's bread bill all the time, and how, in asking for Protec tion to his industry, the farmer was, after all, demanding only what it would be to the advantage of tbe whole consuming population to grant. At the same time, the Herald's baro assertion that " to-day wheat is " dearer in Melbourne than in Syd- "noy in consequence of Protection, " while last" year it waB cheaper in "Melbourne from the same cause," iB nothing to base any argument upon one way or the other. The thing is a grinning ab surdity, no more nor no less. The contention which it involves iB his. Protection, by stimulating wheat production to 1,250,000 bushels over the colony's requirements, enables the Victorian farmer to raise the price on the consumer, while Pree- trade, by causing our agriculturists to produce 0,000,000 bushels less than their market absorbs, compels them to accept a lower figure. Pollow this argu ment along its straight logical course, and we get the astound ing conclusion that if we only grow no wheat at all we will have bread for nothing, while it is but a matter of Victoria over-producing up to a certain point when prices in tnat colony will at once jump to famine level. If Victoria were obliged to import wheat for home consumption this year as we are, instead of having to find a market somewhere abroad for her surplus, the price, we aTe inf erentially told, would be lower there than it is. That thiB is not the case is because Protection has stimu lated over-production, thereby causing surplus, which spells dearness and famine ; while Pree-trade iu New South "Wales creates doficiency, which indicates cheapness and plenty. It iB useless offering any serious reply to Buch supreme nonsense as this. If one were wanted, however, it might easily be furnished. The stiffness of the Melbourne wheat market to-day is due to the fact that spcculn-toi-c arc holding for a visf in cosscqucaee 'of tho I'uv.v flout l'i Witloa d«f(i;ii«';h t This ' ' bnv during i , i,uxiiiug your zour iuxius tue quantity of Victoria's surplus produc tion, and it is in anticipation of a sharp Sydney demand at advanced prices during the coming winter that the Melbourne surplus is being carefully husbanded. It is therefore not Protec tion which is raising the price of wheat in Melbourne just now; it is, on the contrary, Pree-trade that is doing it indirectly. Over-production in Victoria resulting from Protec tion is not the reason why tho Mel bourne artisan bas the price of his loaf raised; it is due to deficiency of produc tion in New South Wales, resulting from our policy of Pree-trade. Brought face to face with this fact, tho Herald's policy is simply to dony everything point blank, and " brazen "it out." 