Table m\\. If fclio leador wi'Itors ill tho Argus and Ago wore not uoh oonsummato prigs, as thoy all'oeb to bo, by pro ondlng that "although thoy soo tho paper--thoy clo ot road tho social nows In TAnr/E TAMC" thoy would havo savod thomsolvos, not only a groat doal of useless braln-raoking, but would also havo osoapod appearing as H outsldora," totally Ignorant about tho subjoot thoy woro writing In last Wednesday's papers In 0011 neetlon with tho announoomonb that on Mir Henry Looh leaving for lOuropo, on Maroh 8, Sir William Boblnson would ooonpy Govornniont House at Molbourno. IT IS oertalnly ovlctont that Sir .Koury Looli tuul not oonlldod his plans to tho Arf/vn vo« porters, nor ovon to tho sooloty pooplo uonnoatod with tho proprietary ol! that papor, but f ain porl'ootly satlsllod that, at least, tho Promlor anil Mir William ytawoll In Vlotorla, and Sir William Xloblnsou In South Australia, must luivo boon In tho Governor's oonlldonao, Sir William Stawoll was ov'ldontly mado oognl'/ianl; of Sir ITonry Looh's Intoutlons, and repllod that lio wjvs booked to loavo for Mngland by fclio Ooeana to-day, Olilel! .Tustloo Hlgglnbothaiu was also out ol' tho quo«« tlou aCtor tho Insiilt tho Glovornmont ofl'orod htm throo years ago by appointing Sir William Stawoll.Lloutouaut Clovernor, So Sir' William lloblnson had to bo, sounded on tho subjout, and tho matter was dismissed n fortnight ago whou tho depart ing tlovornor ol! South Australia oamo Bpoolally ovor to Molbourno to sattlo tho mattor with Sir Hunry Loch, * a. * * Kmmn observers, who woro present at the lunohoon given Ity llio Government to tho Medloal Oougress, at all events, onuld see that something extraordinary was about to happen when Sir Henry Looh propound tho Least ol! tho Ministry, 'I*110 t'ant that mihiIi an nenur* renee, for a (lovornor to propose tho health ol! bin Ministers, was without prooodont, was'puhllely roeog« nlned by Mr. Ulltles who replied to tho toast. It wiui, nevertheless, evident that, the whole all'atr was a pre* uimeortod pantomimci, and that the Governor ami the froinlor wero playing Into eaeh other's hanclt), THJ3 oivuso oE Sir Honry Loch's visit to Europa and tho ronson o'J! Its bolng kopt so vovy soerot la that tho Olovoruov and Lady Loch are proaeadlug to England onn vory dolloato mission. It Is understood in political olrolos that aorrospondonoe 1ms failed to soouro for Sir Hoary Looh a second term oE oflloo In Vlatorla, and tho visit homo Is -for that purposo, and It Is assorted that Lady Looh will aohlovo personally what correspondence failed to accomplish, * . * T 'don't know whothor tho following story Is really fcruo, or whothor it Is intended by a aorrospondont as a satlro on tho ooourronoe at ono oE Sir James McUaln's rooont Exhibition lunchcons, whon Horr Wormuth lol't tho L'ostlvo board, oll'endod at Mr. MeOoppln, tho American Commissioner, talking Samoau polities. At any rnto It Is too good to logo, and I glvo It for what It Is worth i-Thovo was a big gathorlug at Kuporfcswood, Sir "VV, J. Clarke's delightful mansion at $ anbury, a short, tlmo ago, and some oE tho leading lights of tho Exhibition woro Invltod, So brilliant an assomblago to tho oyo oE the forolgnor smacked strongly oil an olllclal funotlon, ab which diplomatic bohavlor would, of course, bo rfgitenr, Pacing tho lawn with tho military troad, was Hon* Wormuth, the sonlor Commissioner for Clormany, and In a imluto which would not dlsgraoo an Oriental Ntilaani ho roeognlsod Mr, Seymour Fort, His Ex« 'aellonoy's private secretary, Mr, Fort was hurry lug to another part ol! the ground, and lie roburned the obeisance In a short, sblllod nod, which In characteristic ol! an Englishman In a hurry, Mol)i'Outt \ Hora was an Insult to tho Fatherland, It might bo rogardod as n aanuH dnUt, aiul ha would aablo tho lutolllgonao forthwith to Prlncu Illsinarok, But, first ol! all, ho determined bo take his hosb Into his bonlldenoo, and a consultation with the Commodore" was nob favorable to oxtromo action, So tho Gorman Chancellor did nob hoar of bho Incldonb, and bho Com mlsslonor IN bomporarlly paulllod, though his klmui oE International comity arc by no inoana satlsllocl, I iiioAit, that although tho Hon. AU'rod Doaltln has oroulod for himself a nlae llttlo pookob borough, and 1m almost (lortaln to bo returned as a mumbor ot the next Parliament, It Is qui to on bho Uipln thab Mr, Qlllloti' brilliant. ChlcD hlecrotury will, altogether roblro from polltluH alitor tho General Ifllootlonu, This ahnounoo monfc Is oortalnly rathor aonsntlonal, but It Is tiovortho losa poralatontly aaaortod by pooplo whoso polltionl forooaat lins oL'ton proved to bo oorroob. # - 01 * Anotkkti prodlotlon In oonnoatlon with tho forth ooming Vlotorlan Gonoral Kloatlons la that moro than ono-half oE tho oandldatos who aro to bo roturnod will bo now to polltionl IICo. It may also bo takon for grantod that tho country party will bo vory strong In tho noxt Parliament, * * w MR. Geoge Edward Thomson, the democratic sollici- tor of Sandhurst, who diedd on Thursday, January 17, at the age of 63 years, was a native of Coupar Angus, Perthshie, Scotland, His mother was a Miss Oliphant, of Gask, and his father was a nephew of General Sir George Elliott. Ho was oduoatod at Button Valonoo, noar Maldstono, la Kont, ami also at a grammar soltool at HortEordshlro, wlioro ho was a sohoolnmto ol! I.lio lato ?Tudgo follows, Ho took up Ills ro.tklonuo.lu Loudon at tho ago oE 10, booomlng oonnootod with a lawyer's oflloo, whoro hoi oamo (u oont.iot with" many pro« mluont mou, who Iiuluoocl hint to ta1 aiul CJhartlst agitations, bolug lutlmatoly noqualntod with tho loadocs ol! thaso movoruonts. In August, 1852, he sailed from England in the ship Blorenge, and In Novombor ol! that yoar Ito arrlvod on tlio Jt'orost Orook diggings, Ho joined tho main rush to lluiidlgo justashorb tlino boforo tho agitations on tho goldllokls hail roaohocl Covoi' hoati and wliluh ouliuluatoil In tho Eureka Stock- ade riots. Indlrootly, Mr. Thomson was ouu oC tho foundors oC tho now rlah aud powortNd Ayo, In tho lattor part oL1 18511 Mr. Thomson and Mr, J, IT, Abbott, bollovlng that tho ostabllslimonb ol! a uowspapor In support ol! tho uauso ol! iho digging population would bp tho moans ol! aiding tho inovoniout, sbarbod tho Dlttf/on* Advovatu, whloh was prlnfcod In Molbourno, Mr, Thomson and Mr, ihlboiiuttor Symo bolng tho ohloE oonbrlbuboiu Mr, IflbonoKor Bymo, fathor oC Mr, J. 0, Hymo, thou oababllshod thu Ay« on tho vulim of tho JJIgUM'ti1 A, * # * To " nobblo tho prutm" has ovor boon Iho objoob of bho moro aslulu of pruyors upon publlo ooulldonoo bo tluiy hotting mon,"llrnt robhors," or land sharks, and many ol! that fmUirnlty must lmvo buoon unruly dls« appolntod to nuo thulr bait Mwulluwud, and bluilr hooloi dlsgorgod, by Tritons ol! Journalism, who aro I'm1 too powerful to be caught by sprats, though they may con descend to swallow them. During thsalter boom which threw all Melbourne into a frenzy this month last yea r> there was not a member of the Press, either of the literary or commercial department, who bad not oppor tunities giTen them of profiting by either favourable mention or discreet silence concerning same of the in numerable stocks inflated on 'Change, or new com panies floated at an absurd premium. As a matter of fact, there was scarcely a man among the seniors of the newspaper profession who did not make some money out of share dealings, though many, from want of business knowledge, "'got left in"* by holding to their scrip too long. It was a significant fact that, al though numbers of the companies floated daring that period were consummate swindles, the warning articles published by the leading newspapers in Melbourne ap peared only when the mischief had been done, and, even then, were couched in the mo?t vague and general terms replete with trite maxims about the riskiness of mining investment. a * * THE land boom was a far more dangerous frenzy than any mining boom, because it tempted the investing public as well as the speculative public. Syndicates or limited liability companies to reap the advantage of " the unearned increment" in the value of land or houses, had such an air of respectability that principals and proprietors of newspapers had no hesitation in joining boards of directors of so-called real estate com ptnies. Hence we have the spectacle of Mr. Lachlan M'Kinnon, one of the proprietors of the Argut, and its manager, as chairman of the directors of the Christmas Hills Estate Company, who has induced his fellow dlectors to offer to return their money to objecting shareholders, rather than "allow ourselves to be put up to bo made cocksliies of, because we have been guilty of a legal informality." There is the cose in a nutshell. one of those whose chosen motto is " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth," Mr. M'Kiunon frankly states that now there is no chance of getting £75 an acre for what was pur chased for the company at £3G from vendors who were also connected with the directorate, they will return the money to any dissatisfied shareholder. iAXOTHKR little matter concerning the Argus, It in this -That paper has persistently harped on the sub ject of the Yan Yean syndicates anil the danger that is threatening the Melbourne people from polluting the Yan Yenn water. Sow, It appears to mo that "the lady is protesting too much." For, Is it not somewhat curious that, although the Argut Is not quite satisfied with the Government paying exorbitant prices for land near the Van Yean reservoir, that paper takes It for granted tlmt the land must bo bought by the State, and show# a fovorlsh anxiety that it should be done. But why does It not strlko the Argut writer that thoro Is not much danger of population crowding nonr tho Van Yean just yot, especially If the Govern rnont delay giving rnllway facilities to tho district. THIS l'wporty, Building, Flnanoo and Investment Company 1MM tho proud distinction of possessing Mr. A, 11. Hoblnnon, commercial odltor of tho Age, as the ohtUrmnn of directors, This orudlto gontlonmnVcoin* njoi'olnl articles aro models of koon business enpn* oily, Whether thoro <h arlso or fall in tho grain or Import nmrkot ho Unlways ablo to quotoa sontonco from u provious artiolo showing tlmt ho hrul prog. . noHtlonlod HUOIi mi ooourronco, Yot this able olmlrinmi mi l (Ids u salo by ono of tho directors of tho company, Mr. W, II. Lewis, which tho follow, lug extract from tho speech of Sir. T. Oockrmu, ono of ^ho directorial tho mooting 011 Thursday, last weok oxplnl iim Itul'ui'i'ing to tho Morolnnd estate, ho objectod to Mr. Wall Is gutting nil tho credit of having got back the jLi 11>,ti(H> from Mr. Lewis, IK' contradicted llio Hliitcniiiiit thut Mr, WullU had been Instrumental In dlMCMiverlMK 'be overcharge, and went mm in describe iiow ho (Mr. t'iiclcnun) had been told ii.v a pinmcrt'r tliun engaged 'be Federal Cullec I'alacc that the vendor# of the land had been allowed only JMh'v an acre, while the .wSety was jiving £C00 for it. On hearing this, be told Mr. AVallK and thus th° th,"S in motion. Be bad nothing to say against Mr. nii.% fvho Tras a bard worker like himself. As to t c Pro" perrr at Canifean-5tw*i and Victoria-street, he did not tell the directors about it, and lie would now tell he meeting bow it wa5. The agent, Mr. Lucas, had called him into bis office and tola him about this property, and be then submitted it to the directors, who thought it a cheap property: and farther he was given to understand by a printer in this town that he wonld get £2000 on the bargain. Mr. Henty, Mr. Tayler and the manager went and examined the pro perty, and they tbonght it was good enough. He (Mr. Cockram)suggested the -fastening*' of the property by a deposit of £100; bat he had not a penny in it and bad no more interest in it than the piece of paper in bis hand. A STATEMENT corner from Kew Zealand to the effect that a family named Drake, who live near Paten, have come into a fortune through the Court of Chancery of no less a sum than four and a half million?. 9 » * Will Mr. Wallis explain what Christus painting was exhibited in the Melbourne International Exhibi tion of 18^0. If my memory serves me rightly the exhibitor in 1SS0 al>o affirmed that his picture was by Gabriel Max. Are there two Christ ns paintings by Gabriel Max.' . m * itSHaBMHMMBaMHMMHMHMMMMMMHMaMMIMMMniaMMi Jn October la-: a .report was published in TAULE TALK of the meeting which was then held for tho purpose of making arrangements for holding an Associated Conversazione of the Literary, Scientific and Art Societies of Victoria, when the hope was ex pressed that this very desirable gathering of men of letter, scientists and artists, would take place before the close of the Centennial Exhibition. This has not been found practicable, owing to the considerable amount of work which so great! n scheme involves, nor is this very surprising when we consider how large a share of this work falls to the lot of one individual the honoraiy secretrarv. As many enquiries have been made when the proposed gathering is to take place, it may l>e s ated that the promoters have tho matter well in hand, but the ilate has not yet been fixed. When tbe necessary arrangements are more forward an outline will be given of this exellent pro ject, which has for its object the federation of Litera ture, Science and Art. Australians Vlll then bo en abled to form some idea ot the intellectual life of Melbourne as represented by societies and associations Till: farewell letter of Miss von Kinkelsteln, which should have been sent to all the daily papers instead of one of thorn, is highly satisfactory as furnishing an other proof of the liberal support which colonists give to any entertainment which is really good. Miss von Kinkelstein's success is tho most gratifying of all. Previous lecturers came hero with a great name, but outside the religious world fow people had hoard of tho gifted daughter of JJIon, iler lecture entertain menu wore qui to unique, and no doubt did much good both among saints ami sinners, It Is said that on hor roturn Miss von Flnkolstein will lecture under tho auspices of some of tho religious associations. As travelling companion to Jornsalorn, tho lady has takan with hor Ml*s Smytho, daughter of hor " unwearied " manager. . I . In justice to tho musical people of Syduby, I must correct an error in tho memoir of Mr. Weston, tho vio linist, which appeared In last week's Nmio. of Taiim: Tai.k, It Is not a fact that when the Herblul Qtiar tettu I 'arty, with Mr. (luenett ami Madame Christian wont to Sydney In ) tfsil.the eoiieerl s were successful f a muslelanly point of view, but lluant'lally qultn il... reverse. I inn Informed by Mr. II, S. Smythe, who managed the concert*, that they attracted" crowded audiences, and I hut the llnauolul result wif most grutl . fving. But when the .same party went to Sydney the following vcnr with another vocalist and no manager (Mr. Smythe being in New Healand), tho financial re suit was vory unsatisfactory. It should bo,, mentioned, however, tlmt, tho success of the first series of concerts had led to the organisation of a Sydney stringed quar tette. THE British Exhibitors' -Association at the Centen nial Exhibition is, as its chairman, Mr. Arthur Day, very tersely puts it, "n patent and potent fact," and anv effort, on the part of a small and insignificant party to injure it, must needs recoil on the aggressors. The Association from the very start has done vory use ful and important work, and L have no hesitation in saying that this body Tins roally performed the duties properly appertaining to an Executive Commission It is tho general feeling that Sir George Verdon, the British Representative Commissioner, is a vory worthy gentlemen, but in his selection of assistants he has in some cases been singularly deficient in tact, and I have no hesitation in saying that lmd gentlemen of well-known ability and courtesy been selected, very few complaints would have been heard from the British Court. The jury business drags its long and wearisome way, and tho complaints, not only from tho British Court, but from exhibitors generally, nro loud and angry. Mr. James Bosisto, tho Chairman of Juries, was the Executive Commissioner for Victoria at tho Calcutta and Collndorlcs Exhibitions, and ono would have thought that tho exporionco thus gnincd would have served him in good stead on tho present occasion. Such, however, is not tho enso, nnd .the prosent muddle is only equalled by tho eocontric conduct shown by tho Fine Arts Committoo. SOME ill-naturod romnrks woro indulged in by a small and snarling section of tho London pross-when tho correspondence of tho lato Dukoof Coburg was pub lished a few wooks ago-beoauso Hor Majesty tho Quaon had ovincod hor disllko of Lord Palmoratort in a privato lottor addrossocl to tho Duka shortly after tho coujt (V etat of Louis Xnpoloon. Hor Majesty's dlsliko was basod on a patriotic sentiment, and hart boon abundantly justified by a nnrmtivo o£ tho groat orimo of tho 2nd of Docoiubor, 1831, published in Purls on tho 8th of Doeombor, 1888, by Comto do Kdratry who was an attaohl of tho Foreign Odlao in that olty at the former opooh, and was tho boaror of confidential despatches from tho Minister of foreign fiillftlrs in Paris to tho Fronoh Ambassador in London, Tho latter was Count Walawskl, a natural son of tho llrst Napo leon, and a warm friend of his nopltow. According to Comto do Ktimtryi tho tump d'Hat was arranged at tho Foreign Qlllao in London j and tho subsidy granted by tho French Clovommont. in tho previous January to Mr, llrott for layingdown an olootrla oablo botwoon Dover and Calais was oonoeilud, because In tho words of Louis Napoleon, " It wns tho highest importance for tho French Government, to bo brought Into direct and rapid ooniiuuuloatlon with tho Queen's Cablnot." Thin enblo was completed aiul at work on thu lUtli Novum* bor, 18i>1, and within three weeks tho President hiul strangled tho Uopubllo, Imprisoned upwards of i-'SO members of tho Legislative Assembly, inassuorud hund reds of ultl«0UH, ami established a rt<ij^i» of terror ill till) oapltttl i his chief ueoouipllee being Ids half-brother, Mi do Monty, who was head over ears In dubl. llko tho Piesldout hlmsell, ami hml advertised his mansion for sale beoauso a Parisian banker had rofusud to dlsoount throe promissory notes of A'J-lo oaeli whloh had boon given him by l.ouls Napoleon. * * * IOWAUDK tho end ol' November, 1851, Comto do Heratry wan -mm to London with a seorot dimpatoh for MM- l-'renoh Ambassador. who huMtunod, on receipt of it, '.'oiniuunli'iito its eontonts to I.ord Palmorstou at tho I'orelgn OMlou, On the ovuiiliig of the Uud oT Deooill* her, tho young uttuchv was Invited to ditto at . io I' conch Embassy, and on arriving thoro i'outut Walowakl pacing up and down tlio drawing room in a state of groat agitation, while tlio Comtesse, pensive and silent, occupied a lounge by the fireside. "I regret to inform you," said the Ambassador to his visitor, " that your father lias boon arrested, with several of his colleagues In the Assembly, for taking part in an illegal mooting." Then lie resumed his agUatod pacing to and fro. Tho dinner was brief and gloomy, and at half-past ten a tologram arrived from Paris which ohangod tho wholo aspoct of affairs. Louis Napoleon had cut tho throat of tho French Republic, and ho and his follow conspirators were masters of tho situation in Paris. The French Embassy was brilliantly illuminated, and visitors began to pour in. Lord Palmorston was one of the first to arrive, and con versed in a jubilant tone with Oomto "Walowakl. '.their concorted policy had trlumphod, but tho victory was not to end thoro. Lord Palmorston, without consulting any of his colleagues, tools upon himself to rooogniso tho coup (Vctat officially, and tolegraphed to all tho British Ambassadors at foreign courts that ho had dono BO, so that othor Governments could not very woll avoid following tho load of England, Not only so, but ho wrote privately to tho Marquis of Normanby, our Am bassador in Paris, approving of the conduct of Louis Napoleon, and declaring that if his enomlos "moant to strike a sudden blow at him, ho was quito right on that ground also to knock thom clown first." Mr. Evolyn I Ashley, in his Life and Covraspondenoo of Lord JPahmrston, alleges that "on Deoombor 8, Oomto I "Walowakl, tho Frouoh Ambassador, oallod upon Lord i, Palmorston to Inform him of what hail taken plaoe." | But Oomto do Kdratry statos distinctly that tho Forolgn ! Minister visited tho Frouoh Embassy at half-past ton , o'clock on tho night of tho 2nd of Deoombor; and as tho young attaehii loft next diiy for Paris, chargod with jf tho dollvery of a soorot despatch to Louis Napoleon, arriving at tlio Elystio tho samo ovonlng, I think wo ? may aoaopt his vorslon as tho truo one. NA'CUHA&iw;, tho Quoon was annoyod and irrltatod j I for, moro than a twolvomonth provlously, she had sont .. tho following memorandum to Lord John Hussoll, tho f thonPromlori "Tho Quoon roqulros, first, that Lord Pal I morstoti will distinctly state what ho proposes in n given t oaso, in ordor that tho Queen may know as distinctly r to what she Is giving lior Iloyal satiation, Secondly, I having onco given hor sanction to a measure, that it j bo nob arbitrarily altorod or modified by tho Mlnlstor, i Suoh an act who must aonsldor as falling la sincerity 3 towards tho Grown, and justly to bo vlsltocl by tho r- crorolso of hor constitutional right of dismissing that I; Mlnlstor, Sho oxpoots to bo kopt Informed of what I; passes botwoon him and tho forolgu Ministers boforo I important doolHlous aro takou, basod upon that Inter ; ooui'Ho i to rooolvo tho foreign dospatohos in1 good time, and to havo tlio drafts for hor approval aunt to hor In : .ulYlolunt tlmo to mako horaolf aoqiuilutud with their' contents boforo they imu«6 bo sent uH," This momoraiulum was shown to Lord, X|almoraton by his chief, unci tlio formor promlaod to ablclo by Its dlroo tloiu. NovertheloHS, ho hooihh to lmvo oonoortod tho ; ctup d'itat In Franco with Oomto AValowskl, and ho took the uxtremo course of officially rooogntslng Lou to Nupolwm-tho perjured dontroyor of tho llopubllo-as dictator of Franco, without consulting otthor his ool« o i r um or tlio Quoon, who, as ft ooiiHtltutlonal novo i , ii, «vn* ontlroly averse to doing anything whloh, to (i l.unorrn worcU, " could went1 tho appoamnoo of an iaurferonco of any kind In tho IntomiU affairs of F*ane«." * * * Lo*n Palmorston was dlsmlosud from ofllou | but tho mlsoldof was dono. If Grotvt .Urltaln had not rb« oogulnml tho unurpor, nouo of tho otlior grout) powors would have done HO, In that uaso lie would not huvu darod to iiHtabllrth tho I'lmplro, Thoro would luwo boon iu> li'i'fiiioo-Goriuaii war, wliloli was tho work of thu J'i if n» rt'Ms j no Mot/, | no Sudani no liuloumlty | no Id.vi nf AImikui iuiiI l,omlnu ; and no ImnHfoi'iniitloii of .lilui'mio Into an arumd imi> uvor hIuuo IH70-.I871, Thorn would liavu l»uon no nliortdlvod Mexican I'hu pirn, no uutrdur ol! puor Masnillliiiii and no inudiioHM of htn luuHjaved oonsort, Thou, aj<aln, ll! Lord 1'tUituii'M ton had not provcikod hl« own dlHinlHual .from olUoo by ' his political insubordination, there would have boon no break-up of the Russell Ministry, and no acccsalon of tho ISnt'l of Abordoon. And If ho had not Qome into power there would havo boon 110 Orltnonn war ; for that was notoriously engaged In by tho Emperor Nicholas, bocauso some conversations ho had had with Lord Abordeon, when visiting England in 18-M, liad lod him to bellovo that Groat Britain would not intorfero ti provont tho dlsmombermont of Tin-key, Thus Lord Pa 1 mora ton's complicity with the llttlo gang of French con spirators, by whom tho groat crlmo of tho 2nd of December 18"»1, was porpotrated, changod tho his to ry of Europe, and was tho mainspring of an Iliad of woos, oxcoeodlng those occnslonod by tho. fatalityqaitty of Holon, which c\ Launehod a thousand ships, / Ancl burnt tho topless towori &E; tfUuiriJ J/v. » * Vr-V * * \ IF 1 woro a priuoo, said Schumann, 1 woufcl'tjullci jv temple in tho stylo of Paliadlo to tho memory of Boothovon. Ten statues should stand in it; nlno of them--tho numbor of the Musos-should bo in honor of his symphonies j and lio himself should figure in it as tho divlno Apollo. Thoro tho Gorman poople should assomblo from tlmo to timo, to oolobrate festi vals, and thoro his own works should bo porformod in tho h/ghost dogroo of porfootlon. And to think that tho greatest symphony of them till-tho ninth-which was porformod in tho Exhibition Building a wook ago' should luivo boon composed wlion Boothovon had lost his sonso ol! hearing I But just as Milton, aftor his sight had boon quenched, saw with his spiritual vision tho wonders and glories ho has dosorlbod In his Im mortal oplos ; so, it may bo, that tho innor sonso of tho composer was roooptlvo ol! melodious and har. monlous inspiration"!, which do not reach tho auditory norvos of prdluary musicians. Isolated from tho ox tornal world by his infirmity, T can easily oonoolvo that thoro would bo on his part a moro oxqulslto sonslbllity to tho divlno afflatus} and that tho strength and swootnoss, tho might and majosty of tho work which Is tho crowning glory of his gonitis, its unsurpassable aohlovoinout-as 'Wagner admits-woro, partially at loast, tho result ol! his physical privations. To Boothovon, porluvps, tho " inuslo of tho spheres,'. Imagined by Plato, and bollovod In by Shakspoaro* wa« Ja beautiful and vivid reality, of wliloh ho has notad down some passages in tho noblest of his symphonlos for tho porpotual solaoo and dollght of mankind. * * JcmirPit JolVorson, Mv«. Dvow, and John Clllbort havo boon dollghttng Now York In 'I'ho Hlvals, tho first as Bob Aoi'os, tho HOOOIKI as Mrs, Malaprop, and tho third as Hlr Anthony Absolubo. I don't know wltoro suoh anobhot' trio oould bo found) although wo havo had somobhlng protty near It In Melbourne, whan Mi' Alfrad l'hllllps, Mr. J, 0. Lamborb and ifosoph JoN'orson sustained tho satno characters In tho sama couiody ut tho old Prlnooss Thoatro. An American orltlo, whoso articles I always road with ploasuro, speaking ol! tho l'oonnt porKortnanoo HiiyH i--To »oo Tho .Ulviiht so woll done only stabs us with tho rogrob that'all good things in bhab lino aro nob equally woll ilono. Nobody ad mires Mr. Joll'orson moro tlmu I do, Bub I blilnk Mr, Joffowon musb havo moments ol! qulob shamo wlion ho bh(ul<« of Uh glL'ts and rospouslblUblcM and all thai ho mlghb do Cor tho nbugu, and thou rolloots that ho spout twonty-ilvy yours playing Hip Van Wlnlclo and nog« looting all bho thing* ho ought bo havo plivyod. A quartor ol! a oontury glvon bo doploblng bho tlpslnoss of a inybhkuvl vagnL^nd-pouring oil unci wtno Inboa loub and making worthlossnoss shluo 11 ko bho morning stav. iDour mo 1 And this Is tho ru'blsb who, nb thl« momonb, outranks In lluosso and Hubtloy tho bosb of bho uoinudluiiH tlmt I'Vauoo unci Olomuuiy uuivHond to us, What a lloulltth droam lb Is to think ol! Mi\ Jofl'oi'sou, ivfc thu head ul! the oomody tUoutru ol! AtnoHoa In tlvo IYIO« tropulls ol! America, doing with nil bho host) IlilngllHh uotuudlu* what lid has dono with '.I'ho HivulN-blnirt Is, [nit,Hug lulu their I utorp rotation tho ba«b buloub Iu; A murlun-and M r, Iflrlwin .Booth and Lawi'unuo Barfobt, at i ho h'jivl ul' thu Trugudy l.licinti'o of Amai'luu In bho metropolis oC Amurlua, doing with all fclio gi'oub UlnS" llsh workit what thoy hn.vo ilonu with "Julius CJuihiu' l,v "Wew, said, Nym Crinklo j but outside of Franco ancl Germany It soems a vain hopo to expect to see a company so comploto and capablo as that of tho Oomedie Francjalsc, or tho Odoon, or tho Moiningon. Ono star, and a dozen or two of feebly twinkling asteroids-this is what tlie drama lias dropped down to, Managers complain of tho paucity of good acting plays ; but what can be oxpoctod .when a dramatist must perforce submit to tlie exigencies of tho contem porary play-honso, and croato-not a picture oE life and manners but-a slnglo personage whoso Idiosyn crasies must adapt themselves to tho roquiromonts, capacities and peculiarities of tho actor or actress, whoso name appears in such largo lottoi's on tho bill, -and who generally manages to "scoop tho pool?" Aa ,i0iti\e.other characters, thoy aro froquontly of no more voalMmportn"noo than tho chorus singers in an opera. .<.)>! * _ * / * .JBXbon Baymondo do SollitSro, who was romovod from his homo in Paris recently to an insane asylum near Sureanos, and who is likely to romaln thoro for some timo, is a well-known character. Tho Barcm Is tho lioir of a noble and auciont Breton family. Ho has a brother and a sister living, tin Baron Frank do SolllOro and tho Princess do Sagon. Thoy, with him, dividod a fortune oE nearly 10,000,000 franks, Baron llaymondo inheriting tho splondid family residence In Paris. Ho wont to America about two years ago, and stoppod at the Hotel Brunswick in Now Vork, where ho was at once rocolved Into tho most oxoluslvo circles, which, howovor, s"on began to bo closed to him bocauso ol' some oE lils esoapades. Ho thou formed tho ac quaintance oE many questionable porsous, who ox traotod inonoy from him with tho utmost oaso. Ho returned to Paris twice, and each timo ho was sent to an Insane asylum by his slstor, on tho ground that ho was iuoapablo of conducting tho afl'alrs oE his estato. Last April tho Baron do Solll6ro again visited Now York, and Ills oooontrlcltlos boearao so pronouucod that ills family's friends had him ro movod to tho ftllddlotown Insane Asylum for treat ment, Ho remained thoru a month, Again tho crowd which V.acl boon fattening on his pursu for rf long timu fastened thomselves to him, aud in ordor to prusorvo hlsprope'ly ho was sent to Paris In oliargo oE a Dr. Monry K. Walto, * m # Mrt, JorroUl Kounaway, a son oE Mr, Walter Kettna way, tho socrotary to tho Now Koalaud Agonoy in Lon don, has just won a scholarship at Trinity Hall, CJum brldgo, Ho had previously won a scholarship at Klug'a Oollogo Soliool, * * rt< MANV H-VIU'V BMTCMIN8 OV Tltlii DAY, ON Friday, January 2fl s-To Judyo Kdward DUIUIuh Holt'oyd, born 18188, To Mr, JiunuH Ntlmpson Hall, J.l\, born 18-11, To Mr, William Jonas, To Mr, William Murray Bass, J,!', Ox Saturday, .Tun miry 12(1i-To Mr, Cloorgo AVI Ilium Frederick Clrylls, born 18DU, To tho Bov, Jolm lOdward Herring, born 18WI, To Mr, Honry Byan, J,P., born :i8fH), To Mr, Monry Foster, M.GI,, S.A., bum 181U. To Dr, Wilbur Knlblou Uouton, born 18i"W, ON Sunday, January t57 i-To tho Bov, aamuol T, Wlthlnglon, born 18411, .To tho Bov, Cloorgo NloUoll# lllohopi boru IBiiU To Mr, Honry Cloorgo Amor, born 1801, i ON Monday, January 88 i-To Dr, William Haly' J'.L'II born I8£ll», To Mr, Houry Oornoll, bom tSHfl. To Mr, I'lilllp PIU Kind, born 1841, To bho Bov, John FrnnolH Hlrololv, Vicar oE Bt, , Marks' I'MUi'oy, born 1855. ON Tuesday, January iJtti--To Mr, , John Honry , Jaultoon, J. IN, born 1820, To tlta Bov, Walter Wooclroll'o .Mantoll) born 1841, To Mr, FrodorIa H, Clowon, Uoru .18882, To'llurr Josupli Pflogar, boru lu S'loinuii 1800. ' ON WuduoHtlay, January 110i-Tu Mr,' M01117 loolt Uiwclou, born 18110, : ON Tlui'i'Hdtvy, January III j-1To Mr, John Dauku J, l',| born 18'J8, To Ml*. SVltlluiu JJuiul IJariiOM, I . born 18US. To Mr, Jaliius Mlur* M'Cloll, M,A,L, ' JJoawidLii,. 