TALE. Diana. She was as straight iis nn Indian arrow, largo-limbed and toll, -with that pcouliur whito skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. Tho first Diana -was not moro su perbly proportioned than wns this ono. A com bination of masculine strength And feminine beauty — not fominiuo enough to bo wholly woman, not masnulino enough to_bo wholly nmn. Her dross was half ono nnd half tho other. A man's black slouch hat covered hor head, and a man's black cont protootod her shoulders ; a potticoat of thlok, dark stufF hid tho rest of hor down to the ankles of her . boot-shod feet. Slio rode n huge black stallion, A oroflturo as slendld nnd fiery and scornful ns tho scorn ful, fiery, splendid oroatnr« that fearlessly bo Btrodo h(s back. An imaginative theorist might oastly havo discovoroa in tho dilating nostrils, npllinglng heads, and oyes restless with untamablo do fianco the close kinsliip of two souls bo/oro me tempsychosis mado ono beast and ong linman. Sho was Diana; thohorso's nam,o wns 'Satnn.' Diunn loved Satan nnd Sntari loved Di/ina. It was thought that noithor of them loved nny other living-thing, nnd it was a certainty thut no other Jiving thing had loved either kA them. Diunu pulled tho rqln nnd Satnn stopped with ono forofoot uplifted. They looked like and ebony-etalucd Centnnr. Doforo them tho snn was sotting — sinking, sliding down a littlo and allttlo Into tho fnrmostodgo of tho plain. So sultry and rod and so olose to the dond grass it scented it innat setnflro. Behind them tliobluo, enoir -lined wall of tho Siorras reached up to tho clouds. Tularo Lnko glittered, and gloired, and burned in tho red ann-raye until lt« many-league crys tal bosom seomed struck by soino sudden transforming forco of nature, and each slnglo drop of water ohanged to diamond. Tho ebony Oontanr let its foot slowly to the ground ; it took of! its slonohed hat, its four oyo? lo-jksd straight irrto the west. A lizard 83ampcTed away, rustling th* &rt; grass with ita scaly logs, ft squirrel vanished into its holo in?the ground, and a jack- rabbit paused in its gallop, roarfd up on its haunches, w-ith oars standing inquiringly straight up ; Its mook, surprised oyos stared at tho Ountaur ns those of tho Oontaur stared into tlio west. For all other sign of ftnlma.tod existence on the plains theso might have been all (flint inhabited them. Tills region of California., whoso eastern horizon touches God's heights, was then in its sheep-hording period. Tho periods of tho wild iiorscs and tho catrlo had gono beforo it, that of diitoh-diggers and houso-bnilders oamo afterward. Lower sank tho sun, higher, and wider, nnd deopcr- tinted spread its glow ; tho glory in the west and tho gray in tho oast touched odgeaatjho zonith. High over tho dimplo Kinujruu, gnsrcmnir, uinmona- uosomea ihko tho armies of tho sun built pyramids and , domes nnd battlomonts of whlto-fleeccd olouds in silver and eritnson nnd orjnl and gold, that roso and towered nnd toppled over into a smoke-girthed umber ocean. Tlio halo of tho sky slipped down to the oarth and spread over the hot ground and tho brown dead clover. It crept to tho foot of tho Oentaur, and ovor its black glossy liido and stolo into tho faco of tho woman. Tlio scorn, tho dofiiinco, faded out of it, the hnrd Jlnoa of masoulino fbrco softened out of it. To moot tho glow of a dead day oamo out tho glow of a doad heart. It touched, her eyes with its cssoneo of foul, and lightod her features with tho puroncs of tho virluo &at; hns ohnstoocd itself iu tho smelting furnace of sin. Tho Oontaur wns transfigured. A broad-brauched oak— tho only treo for miles around— stood near ; n, man, cloao followed by a stoop-dog, stopped from be hind. IIo made no noise and was not econ. Ho was sun-bumed, nnd unshorn, and roughly garmented. Thero was an odd twitching of tho musolos about his mouth, and as ho watched tha process of transforma tion in tho woman's fitco, Us spirit loapod in to his own. Without any conscious volition ho reached fo»tU his ha-ad and orlod of»t, ' Diana!' Was it tho poflcclion of tho sunset in her checks, or simply roturning animation, or did bIio hear Y ? Sho tojuohed tho rein and Satnn bounded forward, tho obony Centaur wan a passive transil.oraration no longer. It was again tho Hplendid, scornful, dc-fijinfc crsatiiro, liating humanity and smiting tho earth with con temptuous feet. Tho man with tho sheep-dog looked after' her a littla while, thon walked slowly away taking an opposite direction. A voico, both jest and jeer, fltruck his ears ?is ho approached tho door oi tin enigmatical construction burlesqued with ths name of ' House' 1 Seo, Bill, will yi, looks likg ho wn« walk in' home, iu tho shadow of hfe coflln, nnd Shop sneaks along Ilka he'd been n-stealiu' ehoop.' Tho man to whom tho words woro addressed looked out, thon dropped IiIb oyes and answered in a lower iono nnd softer voice than tho other : 'Don't joko him to-night Brassy, ho's in ono of his bad ways. I irouJUirk wonder if hod soon Uinf womnn again. It's enough to mako ono tll'iuk sho's a i'host haunting him tho way ho loolia after. ho 8 scon her.' ' Hn'at bo doggoned ; I'd Hko to ha-co sich a solid fantaflmaifory a ha'ntin' mo.' ' Stop— he'll henr yon.' Tiis ono W-ho spoko hitt got tip and walked out nt Uio baulc door to stop tho talk of tho other. , ' Well, I'll bo ffolhid ; If I was as ttiin skinned about other pooplo's feelin's as somo pjoplo, I'd got mo a patent outside,' mnttered Brassy. Tho panso of tho l'cnwrks KMted himsolf on a limb which stuok out of tho wood-pilo in tho yard, took outjils pockot-knifo and com mouced whi(t*my* ' Shoro sign,' growled Brassy, looking out ih ho passed b.vjfc and forth, cooking snjjiior ; 1 ftlhiB wliittlu when hoVffot 'om. Burn my eo.it if I ain't somatimos thankful for boln' cuti&utnrously; tough, hut thin thorn momlii, uu' tousos, au' thorn fluo-hairod fooliu'a holp( a fellow out of loto'of cookin'. 'Wlib could ax a chap that looks like ho wns goin' to his own funeral to liiako salcmtus biscuits, or ex pect a youngster with tho brino bo closo to his eyelids to bilo murphys ? Sny, Bill, what makes you so down in tho mouth f Seen a ghost or anything V Bill did not look up, nor stop whistling. 1 Yes, I' vo seen u ghost. Supper ready ?' 1 No, but I've got her ona-biliu',' cheerily answered Brassy. IIo wns a very homo mado philosopher, nnd Archimedes would most likely Imvo rejected tlio mulhcmatictj o/ the Foliloquy which he indulged in. ' Knock mo dawn with a feather, if human i nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, thero's Bill mid Diiiuty, my partners, nnry ono of which ever forguts to feel tho syinp , toms of iijjproncliiiig moul time. But which ever side i of tho ques'tioa you got on, gntb's in tho middle, theroforo splicing two and two, and makin' it versus nn unknown quantity which is grub, I find by eloso figgorin' that grub is tlio syntax of lifo, nn' tlio result of tho ealkorlntion is Brassy hns to cook it.' Brassy had to talk. If ho had not anyono else to talk to ho talkid to himself. Thoy wero a diversified trio who Bat down to tho rough pino tablo which Brassy spread with a flourish against tho wall. Moody, resorved Bill, child-hearted Dainty, who had been rccliristened thus by Brassy boeauso of his slightnesa of staturo and fastidious ways, aud tho irroprcusiblo, philosophical, good ' naturcd Brassy, who talked when ho should havo said nothing, und said nothing whon ho should havo talked, nnd alwnys hit in tho wrong 2'laoo. An odrlly assorted partnership thnt kept ita bloating thousands on that terri tory of rango whoso boundary lino was marked by its vast loncsoraonoss. But in a climate wlicro tho squirrel, tho owl, nnd tho rattlesnako dwelt peacefully in tho eumo ubotlo, evon thcuo threo might hnrmoniso. Tho moon was full, nnd tho men sat out side tho cabin, two of them talcing thoir after-suppor smoke. Tlio mysterious culm of tho brcc.Tjlcss night had put upon thorn its spell of silonco. Bill Fat with bowod head, and whittled mechanically on a small pieco cf stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette caressingly between his thumb and foro fingor, aud blow contented littlo x'uifs of smoko away from his mouth. Brassy tugjred nnd puffed at an old pipo and watched Bill from uudor tho rim of his hat. 'Bill,' futidho, 'you ought to smoke; it'd bo a mighty comfort to yon, and savo n hoap o' good stovo-wood.' Bill's only notico of tho roma'rk wjis to shift ends of the stick and whittlo matb vigorously. Dainty moved uneasily nnd gavo Brassy a warning glnnco ; but no warning glanco over could catch Brassy's understanding. Ho always main tamed that it waa agninst his principles to toko hints. 1 Yes, smoking is tho most oontluuous nnd comforting nmusoment I know of ; nothin' liko it to put a man in good sporrits onloea it's puttin' good spcrrits in a man ; and stovo wood in this country is mighty hard to got. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, and diamonds, and 'Itabian steeds to the poro man. Oourno thoy go up in snioko, but they'ro his whilo they're going. If you're hungry, it's sijrt of soothmont to tho plnco't's ncliiug for vituals. If yeu'ro alono in a howlin' wildornofsit's wife, ululdren,und ?friends — they go uv- in Rinoko, too, but you navo 'em whilo thoy'ro going ; and it keeps tho fomalo sect from ha'nting ft lonesomo bachelor.' Ho looked oomically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Ijuiuty puckered hj.s brows into a most spoaking frown and naked : ' Brassy, do you know why you aro not liko my old kuifo P 1 Dunno, 'less it's 'causo tho knlfo shuts up BoroofSnios. Yes, thero's most always somo difference hot ween people and old knives ; uow, thoro's Bill — ?-' Dainty jumpod up ntid throw away his oigarotto. 'Boys,' said ho, 'lot's tako tho doirn ovor to tho river and trco a wild cat.' Brassy pockoted his plpo immediately. ' Right mo lord, I'm yonni when it's wild caU yon talk. And if 13111 wants to go tho triumvirate's agreed ; if ho don't ? ' He may si#)i to tho winds, to the Goddess Dlnnn, Dut his days they will end on tho lslo of St. Ilclcnn,' ' IIo sang tho linos of tha old-fashioned, long -out of doto song in n most unmusical toIco, and it might havo boon tho melody that mode Bill start so suddonly that ho overturned tho stool on which ho sat ; it might havo been tho mooulight that mado him palo. Dainty hastonod to intorposo, with tho suggestion that if thoy woro going thoy had hotter start. Ho could not havo told why ho thoujrht Brassy's insinuating nonsonao would givo f)Mn to Bill, or in what manner it could pain dm ; ho was ono of thoso peculiar natures that know namoloss things by intuition. Ho did not earo for wild cnt hunting, hut know that prowling about in a river bottom trying to scaro up ' varmints, ' was ono of Brassy 's weaknssscn. Besides, thoro woro few divtr sions to break tho monotony of tho Bhoop hurdor's oxistonce, ovon though thero woro threo of them, nnd they horded their own flonks and rodo thoir own horses. It hn-s boon jocularly said of shocp-herdinjr, , ' it takos biijt threo months to turn thn strongosi brain.' Tho saying had a good foundation, moro especially if tho timo wero summor. Think of a humnu being, endowed with the attributes of divinity, sot down on thoso vast plains to follow a thousand head of blenting sheep — sheep nro always bleating ; day after day to soo tho sun rl«o rod aud sultry, to shlno all day through a cloudless, ohangeloss sky on u dhnngclcas, brown, mirngo-glimmoring lnndscapb, and sink out of right, red and snltry at eve. To henr, night after night,tho west wind— always tho west wind — Wowing its dreary music, mid tho howl of tliq prowling coyoto. Niirht after night tho namo Hounds, any uftnr day tho ennio sccnos, his uompauionHhip tho lizard nnd tho honied-fo.id — anvnrs folloivinjr round nnd round that thousand head of bloating sheep. Tlio moon was. high up in tho sky when the}' readied tho tiinbor of tho rivor whioh was about threo miles from thoir camp. 1 B»y.«,' again said Dainty, ' I'm somohow , sorry I n»l-cd you to como to- night; I foel liko something won goinir to happon, and thnt wo ought to got out of hero as quiok as wa can.' 'Oh, gosh, D.iluty, your ftollngs is too closo totho atinojpncro. 'What you s'poso could happon ? Think Joaquin Murlotta cr Tliroo fingered Jack's a luxuriating iu tho shodders of tho underbrush, scouted our money pockets and layin' fur us, as it woro ?' Bill smiled at this, it was ho lidiouloui, and Dainty saiJ no moro of his undoflnod fear. An )wur, two Jiour.-i, three, of tramp ing, und not a wild cat was nraireblo to treo and Vto kil!o;l, much to Brassy's disgust. Tired out, thoy started homo. 1 Listen, dou't yon hoar a curious sound ?' said Dainty. All of them stopped nnd lis tened, but only for a moment. ' jroreiful God !' shouted Brassy. ' Run fty your livos. It's King's Rivor over flowed 1' Thoy sprang forward nnd ran with muoh speed in splto of brush, and briars, nnd muuy stumblings. 'K wo could only get to tho slough fust,' panlod Brassy. Tlio dry bod of tho alonjrh was only a fovr himdred foot boyond, but a Wall of water highor than their heads who rolHuir down with torriblo swiftness upon them. Tho water from tho river overtook (hem and lnppcd around thoir foot nnd up to thoir, waists. It was uftoUws now to try to roach tho slough, impossibles in cross if thoy could, that oraok ling, muffled roar -\yas too near. Thoy woro between two floods ; It wns a moment to not without dccldimr. With ono nccord Bill and Brnssy can if lit Dainty nnd hoisted him into thn furies of a Inrjro nnpliug, by tho aido of whidh limy hud stopped, and Houddud up nftei' him. A minuto later they woro In tho middle of a mila-wido wnnto of fast-rising water. Bohind thorn was tho torriblo, swift, rolling river, whois head wns ia tho lunrt of tho tt'.'i'iinl Known ; beforo Ihoiu tho slough, over whii'h thoy had walked dry-footed tliroo hours lo.'oro, rolled auothor river, swiit flowing, muddy, lco-noU, and deadly deep. Tlio i-ai)lin{r swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them iiiti tho chilling water, nnd shook nnd shivered to its topmost twig when somo ilontiiig object lodged against it. Higher roso tlio Hood nnd swathod (heir Eoukod garments about them ; it wns so cold, — so elimdng cold ; nnd tho night wns so balmy and wnnn, and tho moonlight bo soft and so beautiful. 1 PnrtnerB,' wiid Brassy, ' I reckon wo'ro euchred this time' ' Looks liko it,' responded Bill, ' and I'm quite willing.' ''Woll, thon, you're tho fust man I ovor saw thnt was ready for rain. Courso wo'd hov to swing out Homo dny, au' drowndin', they say, is an easy death ; but to bo dro wned liko a pnssel of treed squirrels disagrees with mo. I might 'a' Imowed theso hot dnys, 't's cooked tho grass dry enough to mako yeast powders, 'd molt tho snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I'vo lived nigh King's Rivor long enough to bo n-looltlng' out for a thing liko this. An' I desorvo a soakin' for being onthouglitod ; but I don't liko to bo drowned liko n miserable squir'l.' ' Partners,' enid Dainty, very gently, ' if I don't get out of horo, and you do, dirido my shcop botwoon you. Thoro's nono nkiu to mo, nobody in thi world to shod a tear for mo if I dio.' ' Thoro mnyn'tbo nny kiu to weep for you, ns far as rolation goes, but if anything liko that happens, Bill and mo'U shed enough brino ovor you to keep yoiu1 momory from spoilin'.' ' I feel somohow that it will bo that way — you two will got out nnd I won't.' ' An' I feel, somohow, 't nnry ono of us ovor dono sich a mean trick, an' wo ain't goln' to commeneo now. Pardnors is pardncrs in Cahfomy.' Dainty smiled a faint littlo smile, liko a pleased child. Tho moon went down ftt last and loft them in tho twilight of dawn. Still tho wutor roso, nnd still thoy clung closer to tho bonding sapling, Bill holding on as tight cither of tho othors. In sheer woavinoss of living, wo mny cry out for death to como, but when it comos to ns, and looks aqnvo in our fnecs, wo would rathor it waited a littlo longer ; not muoh longer, maybe — porhaps only until wo havo accomplished ono othor thing that wo would not lenvo undono — but suroly just ft littlo longer. When the first red streak of day shot down into tho mountain mists and glowed through tho clear atmosphoro of tho plains, only from shouldors up woro tho men aboTO water. Thoy watched tho rosy light croon down tho canons of tho Sierra Nevada, and spread its intangible glow over tlio dark, slooping lako, and wakon tho hills of tho Const Rango. And thon everything on tho plains boforo them wns lighted up and transformed by tho peculiar niirago which wns ono of tho ohnr aotoristics of that region. Objects, which a momont boforo would have boon undiscorn ablo with magnifying aid, stood out clear nnd distinct to tho united cyo with a ueamoss that wns startling. Tho huts of tho scatter ing sheep-enmps wero a city of palaces iu air, streoted liko Venice, with water, and -.vith gnrdons and trees surrounded. Tho hut which stood half a milo directly beyond thoir camp was standing oa tlio top of thoirs with invorted roof. Tlio sheep walked on stilts, and tho logs of tho cattle and horses were twonty foot lomr nt least. Bill watched it with an interesting studying expression in his eyes. ' I doubt,' said ho, 1 If thoro is another plnco wlicro these pecu liar phonomoua of mirngo appear.' It wns tho'first that oithcr of thorn hud spoken for moro than an hour. ' I won't argy tho posslblenoss of feouomlny what-you-mny-caU it with j-ou. I ain't postcd,an' niut got timo to hunt up thopMutfi, an' I fool moro liko savin' my breath to float with when tho water gits higher.' ' 'Well, I'vo boon figuring n. llltlo mentally on tho water question, and, according to my reokoning, wo'll havo about thirty-fivo min utes boforo tlio muddy stuff gots Into our nostrils.' Brassy mnclongrimaoont this information, and Dainty closed his eyes nnd whispered, ?Dear God, Thy will bo dono.' His fueo was piurplo-spottcd with cold. Silenco another fivo minutes ; thon Brassy started so perceptibly that tho snpling trora bled, nnd mado ripples about thoir necks, ' I never paid as muoh attention to tho Scriptures as I 'spoao I ought to, but I reckon thoy'ro lottin1 tho hosses out o' tho nenls hi heaven tills moriiiu'. I soo Uio blnok ono comin' now.' 'For tho lovo of heaven, Brassy,' cried Dainty, in n horror- shooked voioo, ' don't ho blasphemous now.' 'Blasfeetntis, uothiu'; don't it say in jRovo lations : 'And whon ho nnd opened tho third seal I heard tho third voioo sny, Como and bco. Aud I behold, and lo, a black horso, and ho that sat upon him had a pair of bal ances in his hand.1 An' I soo tho black hoss mi' tho rider with tho baliinco.1 ; thoy aint lit yet. Look straight ahead of your oyos, and seo 'om yourself.' They both looked ns directed nnd behold a most singular phenomenon. Fifteen or twouty feet abovo tho ground, liko a black cameo sot m air, startlmgly distinct, was n giant black horso nnd a black rider, with something in its hand. It was headed to wards tho rivor and in tho attitndo of u long swinging lopo. As instantly ns tho mirajjo had appeared as instantly it vanishod. Quicker than tho wink of an oyo tho oity of palaces dissolved into tlio huts of tho scatter ing shocp-cumps, tho f-hcup woro brown mil* running over the plain, nnd tho colossnl equino phantom of tho air a inovinjj black dot on (ho earth. Tlio fueos of both Bill and Dainty ouddonly paled. Ono thought ho hud scon into tlio uuseen world, tho oilier knew ho hud not. '' 'If tho ridor of thnt hoss 'd only bco us,' groaned Brassy ; ' if wo could only hold out till ho got hore,' forgetting perhnps that a human he.id in tho situation of theirs would bo exceedingly diflioult to distinguish from a pieco of wood tho s.tmo sizo. ' I do beliovo it's comiu' this way, but onn it get horo ? To bo drownded liko a miser able squir'l ia bnd enough, but It makes it a heap wusa when rescuo's so nigh.' Brassy nnd Dainty kept their eyes strained on tho liorso; Bill Iccijfc Ms as resolutely away ; yet ho Imow as suroly ns thoy that it wns coming' toward thom, nnd vory fast. Onco tho horso stopped, nnd tho rider swept tho river border with a field-glass, pookotcd it again, nnd came on faster than boforo. Abovo tho ronr of tho water thoy could honr tho clattering ring of tlio hoofs as thoy sent Uio dust und clouds flying from tho brown earth. At lust, with fnvont-wct flnnks and fonm spocked mouth, Satan stopped short on tho high hunk of tho slough, nnd D'nna, Rhndjn/r hor oyes with hor right hand wan looking straight tit tho faces in tho water. Brnssy tried to wnvo his hand and givo a shout, but only succeeded in slushing (ho water in his mouth and getting himsolf a moro insoouro hold of tho trco. Dainty mur mured ' Thnnk God ! ' Bill's faco turned a ohalky gray. Ho mado no othor sign. Diuna took in, with one swift, survoying glnnco, tho terrible situation of tho inon— tho dangerous floating debris, lodging ngninst tho tops of tho undergrowth bououth tho water, and tho tronoliornus slouch at hor foot— thon dashed away up tho stream. Dainty luoked after her with a sort of helpless resignation. Brassy heaved a groat sign. ' I wish sho hndu't gono ; it's no uso, slio nover enn got help hero iu limo to do us nny good. An1 it'd 'a' been a sort o' conso lation to hov her set thoro and seo't wo died bravo. I toll you, boyn, company in nn omorgonny liko this is u mighty night of ns sistmiiio to plunk. When a iiuui's goiu' to bo hung ho cuii keep his kneoa from knooking togotlior with tho scroneuoM of shnwiu' tho mnn't lianas him that ho's grit; but to bo 1 (reed nnd drownded in muddy water without nobody oven to ? By ? uho' 8 coming to us, Clod bloss her ! ' ' God savo her,' suid Dainty. A hundred yards or so above thom Diana ?wns hurriedly throwing o(F her boots and hairiest outer gfirmonta ; slipping tho bridlo from tlio horse's ears, she slipped it down over his noso And flung it on tho ground by ' tho garments, and, sticking her heels into his Hanks with tho abandon of a vnqufro, trice to rush him over tho rivor bank. Ho snorted nnd reared on his hind feet, standing bo straight that Diana had to clasp her hands round his ucck to keep from sliding; oft bo hind. JIo wns n wonderfully trained nniinnl in spite of vicious tendencies, nnd ho never bo foro rofused to oboy Diuna — the river terri fied him out of his training und loyalty. Again sho tried to rush him over, nnd again ho plunged aud roared, snorting with terror and straight upon his hind feot whirled his lingo body around, heading away from tho ' river. Diana woro a largo silk htmdkor chiof rouud hor nock ; this sho untied nnd twisted about his noso for a reiu, loped him soveral hundred paces ttwuy ,.., then whirled around nnd enmo dnshiug back nt full speed. Just nt tho rivor bunk sho Ionucd forward aud shouted to him something in a foreign tongno, nnd ovor they wont, horso nnd woman into tho flood, and sank in it out of sight. Tlio men watching her forgot their own poril. It wns but a moment until (hey roso to tlio surfaco, blowing tho water from thoir nostrils, nnd ftruck out diagonally across tho current, steadily, straight towards tho hends in tho water. Tho long blnok hnir of tho womnn had tumbled down to hor waist, nnd mado a cloak for hor wot white Bhouldors. Her arms, reached f orwnrd to guido tho horso thono ivory white in the now-born sunboams; a Noroid guiding hor soa-horso bnok to tho sen. It was slow work, tho horso boing un u.'cd to swimming, but for tho forothought fulness of crossing the current dingonnlly downward, tho attempt must hnvo failed. Dinna guided Satan by patting the side of his faoo, first with ono bund, then with tho other, enrcssing his neck with her baro per fect arms, and talking coaxingly, oncourag iugly to him, nil the timo hooping his noso pointed directly towards tho heads, which by that timo looked liko threo cocoa-nuta. Noaror and nonvor — sho is within spoaking distance — ' Billy,' tho voico was strangely swcot, nud soft, and rich, eomraingliug prayer and command, ' whou wo got ovon with you pull yourself on behind mo.' Ho onught tho back of tho eaddlo, nnd with muoh diflioulty pulled himsolf upon tho horso as the strangoly sweet voico had bidden him ; no othor word wnsspokon. Tho horso sunk a littlo dcoper and strugglod a littlo harder to swiinwith his doubled burden. At a point considerably bolow them tho high hnnk flattened out nnd tho water ran ovtr, making a sort of swamp ; to this Diana steered. Tho momont thoy touched land Bill slipped to ti o ground as quiokly ns his numbed, limbs would let him. Diunn handed him a emnll flat flask of brandy, which sho took from fiomo pockot iu her queorly fnshioned toilot. Thoir hands touched ns ho took it, and ono instant thoir eye* looked into each other's. A momentary blush spread over both faces, leaving thom whiter for the contrast. Sho started Satan hack up tho slough, nnd Bill stood grasping tho littlo silvor flask with hands too shaky to get its mouth to his, Wns it tho cold numbness that mndo him tromhlo so ? Ho wns a vory steady-nerved man hut ho wus very cold. Tho numbness and trombling got into his brain now, and a ringing in Ins ears, and from somo fur-oft' hind, in somo fnr-off timo ho henrd a voico— his or somo othor's — snying : ' Wo will ntithcr of us sponk to tho other, nor of tho other, till ono of us is dend.' This timo tho horso mado no resistance, but leaped ovor the bank and struck bravely out iuto tho current. Diana guided him carefully r.3 beforo, and hor fnco wns ns pnlo nnd as set, hut tlio illumination of heroic resolve had fnded out of it, leaving ouly tho pulieuco of self-imposed duty. Rellovod of Dill's weight tho snpling slijrhlly raised, nnd Iho shoulders of Brnssy and Dainty woro nbovo wntor. How engorly they watched tho nppronohing Nereid ; sho wns bringing thom doliTerauco or more sudden death. Onco tho horso swerved in his coumo, nnd onco tlio brash of a floating limb left a long red scratch on Diana's arm, when sho pushed it out of thoir way. ' Brassy will como noxt ; tho treo will hold up tho lightest mnn tlio longest,' tho voico might havo como from a sphinx go hnrd nnd lifelessly calm it was. Brassy did not llko to go first, but ho thoujrht it ono of tho times whon ' boggnrs cannot bo choosors'; bosidos, thoro wns no timo to debate tho question. If they lot tho horso past them neither could go. And so it came, in spito of Brassy's asser tions and with mo willingness of thoir own, thnt both of Dainty's p.irtnors went out and loft him. Brnssy was lnudcd safely by tho sido of Bill, who apparently hud not moved a stop. Ho still hold tho silver ilnsk, but ho did not look into Diana's fnco, nor did sho into his. When sho started back (in tho third perilous vonture, ho heard again in tho ringing of his cars, Uio voico from (hat somewhere timo: 1 Wo will neither of ns eponk to tho othor, nor of tho other, till ono of us is dead.' Again tho bravo horso leaped over into tho cold, still-rising flocd, nud horso nnd ridor again wont out of sight. Thoy woro longer coming up this timo, nnd mndo tlio way slower and with much greater olTort. Satan waa tired, and Diana too. Sho did not speak whon nenring Dainty, to tell him to act on behind her, only motioned that ho should. with a wnvo of her hand. When they wero safely started hoinowurd Brassy could not forbear a glad flliout, nnd flung out his drugglo-slcoved arms with a joyous ' Hooraw 1' In tho swiftest current, not moro than thirty yards from tho shoro, all nt onco Uio horso stoppod swimming and thoy wen t down , so suddenly that Bill nnd Brnssy rubbed thoir eyes, thinking their bchsos must have chontcd thom. Drowning pcoplo riso threu tiinos to tho surface, theso did not como up nt all. Onco Diana's hand unshed through tho voter. Bill Btartod to it, Brnssy hold himbaok. 1 Don't,BlU, it's no uso ; if you or mo could 'a' swum out o' that flood wo wouldn't 'a' staid in till tho marrow frozo in our bonos.' Bill fought to prot free, and in tho scufflo both enmo near fulling into tho slough. ' Stid o' fighting liko two fools wo'd bcttsr ho rustlin' up somebody an' somothin' to git 'om out.' Bill's hands dragged limply nt his sides. 'You'ro right, it's no use ; go for help, I'll stnv aud watoh for them.' Many hours afterward mon enmo with a wagon, nnd bont, and grnpnling hooks, and dragged for them, but not until tho flood Minted wero tho bodies found. Dainty was hauled out first ; when Brassy saw him n queer littlo cry escaped him. Ho tonic his old partner's head in his hnnds, and tho tenr,i ran 6lroaming down his cheolcs ; it wns probably tho first timo in his lifo that ho could not npenk. Diana wns brought out nox(, nnd laid on tho hot sand by tho sido of Dainty. Tlio water had wished her hitir down on cuoh sido of her head, orossed it under her chin, and swathed it round her neck, making n dripping blnok frnmo for her faco. Could over that whito, peaceful fuoo hnvo duj'koned with distorting passion, or thoso faintly smiling lips hut a wook ago havo hotted nt a horse-race, and sworn nt n shoop-horder for boating his dog ? Thou art a mighty artist, Death 1 Hill stood silently looking down upon hor; suddenly a trombling soizodliim, llko a dumb anlmnl that hus boon struck a blow over its drain. Out of that fnr-off lifo ho henrd his own .'oic:o saying : 'Wo will neither of us speak to Iho other, nor of tho othor, till ouo of us is dend.' 1 Diunn, Diuna ! ' tho words wero a pitying cry, honrso nnd full of pain ; perhnps nono but the dond heard, Tho men woro vory busy. Tho bodioa woro huriod ou « lurgo knoll, not far from tlio spot wliero thoy woro drugged from tlio river— Dinna and Dainty, with thoir heads to tho west, aud Satan between them, with head to tho north. At tho head of Diana's gravo Bill put up a redwood cross on which ho carved with his knife, and staiucd tho letters red, ' Diana.1 And under tho lonely name theso lines ; — 4 In eveiT form of tlio liuinnn Eoiuo hint of the highest dwells.' It wns all over nt last, oxcopt the night niuro horror of it ; and Bill and lirasfiy again snt out iu tiio moonlight by their cubin. Bill leaned against tho wall, but did not whittlo. Brassy wrostlcd with tho old pipp until he could not any longer onduro tho siloncc, and blurted out his thoughts : — ' I wonder what mndo hor do it !' Slowly Bill answered : — ' ' Sho used to be my wifo.' JLvdoh Monuis. In tho Argonaut. 