Novelist. ; the Ghost of Oak Orag. o P?? I DT ESTHEB 8EELE KENNETH. 6. The old Meadow? house. Everyone in Lennox knew where it was. For years inly part of it was occupied. The build ing 11 tood upon what was oallod " Oak Crag," and rose, a great solemn stono building, noarly square, in tho full sight Of the town. Once it had been a very popular place, as the country seat of the Meadows. Parties from tho oity thronged it all summer. It was known as a popular re sort while old Drake Meadows lived. Sat for years it had been nearly de serted, and most of the family wero dead. The family had rapidly died out. Old Broke Meadows lob 4 his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, leaving the property to two eons—one of whom, very wealthy, resided in Europe; ths other—well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had .become of him. Ho used to be known in the old times an the scapegrace son, who vu always in difficulty. He had & kind ef passionate pride, but no dignity. He van hsjl fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with the tavern boys, and off on night eatpeditions after nobody knew what. A great trial to his rather tifry proud relations, the towns people assarted : but with them he was a great favorite. In spite of his pranks upon thoir per sons and property, there were gonerou? ways aid winning trioka about the boy. Hewonld sometimes atone in the most lavish manner for his depredations upon thslrpossessions—bringing baok the fruit or chiokens or pumpkins he had stolen at night, or if the property wns destroyed, mote than paying for it out of his pooket taouev When angered or insulted, he would fight like a young demon, and drive everything before him. In his per sonal likings he waa quite as fervid, and "to love and hate like RiokMeadowa" had become a proverb in tho town. But when the family left the Orng, ono autumn, and nevor como baok again, Riok disappeared from their view. He was a lad of eighteen then ; and, not long after news of his father's death camo, it was reported that he had gone into the army. For years and years the house stood empty. The garden run to waste, tho foncos grew dilapidated, and the trees Memed to sigh in a mournful way before ins silent door, when one day a messen ger arrived from the oity to say that Ed ward Moadows, the owner, wanted to pat an occupant in it who would keep the place in order for tho rent. The news seemed a perfeot godsend to warns Lamar. Sho never thought for a moment that tho house was haunted ; i,?li. ?, plftoe ? liko an ? olner desertod osDitntlon, had gathered disagreeable re ports. She only know that it would be a home for her brother Weatorly end Wraelf during Westerly's studies; and applied for it and obtained The brother and sister were very aiffcrent. Dearly as Emma Lamar loved .*?. b K>?"? Westerly Lamar was ?osd, passionate, unscrupulous fellow, ue bad Inherited oholeno. blood and a Mlfljh nature from his father. All his ?tner ai noble qualities seemed trans muted to hia sutor. Emma waa tho ?Wer, being twenty-throe. Westerly fujuatof age. ; RMolate facing of a hard world had i own amma Lamar an air that was a ri. '? bot ehs ha <* oxquiaite fea to? and beautiful, dark-blue eyes. Sho ffouidhavebeona beauty and a belle if ?aa ??* possessed the tastes and monnors Ma beauty and a belle; but life was and h? ??. bsen a serious matter with Su'i ? h 6 **<* seen father and mothor Sl.* # h " oar ly youthj ond now she S,^L?. r w ?? l ?rly, who was not a very porting object to live for. waa atudying medicine, nnd wu, at least, an ambitious otudent. Of cXi*?. 7 ?¥? P? or ? bufc Emma's ?P?hUitykopt them alwaya in respeot tus appcaranoe.; Sho kept them also es?6SHy fajdepcHdons m& on* of debt, which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, thoy had everybody's best wishen. No one was particularly fond of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister a Bake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evoning they spent at Oak. Crag, both felt a little strnngoly. They occupied the west side. Tho remainder of the house was deathly still. That morning they had wandered through it, viewing for tho first time tlie spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. Tho place wns merely a curiosity to them then ; but when darkness closed over it, and thoy remembered what a changed place it was since tho days when the grand old place had beon their childhood's awe and admiration, the neighborhood of thoae cold and desolate rooms to their evening fire was a little oppros- BIVO. "This ia a pokerish place, after all, Em," aaid Westerly, after he had sat silent a while, listening to the moaning of the wind in the chimney, while hia oister.Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. She looked up. " But it is going to be so muoh. better for us, Westerly." *' It will take all my time to look after that old garden." "Not more time than you ought to give to exercise after studying so muoh." " But I want to go into the city some times." And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-blaok night. His sister waa silent for a moment,then she said: "You mustn't go into the city and leave mc alone here, Westerly." "I'd never have come here if I had thought of that," exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. " What were you ?thinking of when you made the plan, Em? Did you want to bury ub alive?'" "We can't afford to- bo very gay, Westerly." " Afford I I'll afford a deoont life one of those days," muttered the young man, as he turned again to the window, and looked at the city lights. There waa a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's faoe as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she waa thinking her plan of ooming to Oak Orag might be an unfortunate one. Her expression was very grave, whatever might be its cauao. Westerly finally returned from the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock tioked loudly in the silont room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over her sewing, and at last a toar splashed on the Bnowy linen. She had tried so hard to make the place pleasant and homoliko to Westerly I At least it did seom that he was unappreciative. He looked up at her suddenly as tho dock struck ten. " Em, you had better go to bed. I am going to study till late," he said. Emma hesitated. q '' I'm not sleepy. Won t you be lonely here, Westerly ? " No," ho replied. " I oan study muoh better by myself." So, after a little while, Emma put by her work, bado him good-night, and went across tho hall to her room. She Bighed heavily aa she let down her hair before the mirror; and, as Bhe looked at the reflection of her face, she saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but did not Bleep. She watched the moonlight creep aoross the floor, and listened to the dismal wail ing of the wind, until tho clock struck twelve. Then ihe jroso, wrapped herself from the frosty air, and stepped aoross the hall. Sho opened the sitting room door soffly and looked in. Tho oil had burned out of tho lamp, and tho wick sputtered feebly. The room was unoccupied, and apparently had beet) for some time, for the fire was out, and tho atmosphere was ohilly. Emma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her faoe in the pillows, sobbed likp ft ohild. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably she woulu be left alone in that desolate place night after night, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. She had her Booret. For the lost three months her brother had boen aooustomed seorotly to take the nignt train at eleven o'clock, go into the oity, and rotnrn to hia room at somewhere about four p'clook in the morning. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When he would make his appearanoe at breakfast, it would bo with pale oheeks and bloodshot oyos } or sullen and heavy headed with insuffioiont sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil, Bhe had asked no questions. She bolieved her brother to be wodded to some bad praotico, but sho could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare question him for fear of causing an outbreak which would bo no' satisfaction. So, aftor most earnest thought, tho had come to Oak Crag, hoping that the ohango of situation and the demand upon his time and attention might altor nis habits. She wa? con vinced that the plan was unsuccessful; and the prospoct of being left alone in that gloomy place night aftor night was appalling. The olopk struok one. Just then a slight noise startled her. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in the room above. Her hoart stood still, and thon commenced beating bo that alio waa nearly suffocated. Her firat thought waa to look the door of her room, She did thia, and then crept baok into bod and listened. Sho could distinctly hoar eorae ono going about over head, and for a whilo Bho waa completely abandoned to torror. Thon ehe attempted Bomo solution of the problem. The houao was old, and the noise might bo oaused by rata. But she oould not, in reason, entertain this idea more than a minute. The atep became a regular pacing over head. She was convinced that some one beside herself was in tho house. She lay and listened to tho sound. Then she thought it might bo Wesiorly ; but she knew too well that her brother abhorrod thoso lonely prooinots overhoad, and would by no means entor them by night. Ho waa miles away, nnd she was alone in what seemed to her groat danger. Tho suite of rooms that tho Lainara had taken wero on the ground floor. Emma's be&oom; window ires about throa feos from tho garden walk. Through the oak boughs tho moonlight flickored on tho floor, and aho lay looking at it as ehe listened. Suddenly the sound overhead ceased. Wondering what this might portend, she listened anxiously; and fearing, possibly, some assault; she ro membered that her bodroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, ahe was about to slip from the bed and fnston it, when a shadow fell across the floor in the patch of flickering moonlight. Sho glanced toward the window, and Baw ft faco—a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid face—with burning eyes that mothers for a moment; then the fnco disappeared, and Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of terror. Whon sho returned to consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and sho knew that ho had re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, sho turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate tho mystery as day camo/fell asleep. It was late when she awoke, and sho sprang from bod before ehe remembered the events of the night. It seemed like a dream as sho suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had been ; and the more so when she threw open the ?windows and let in the ringing songs of the birds. At breakfast she told Westerly the story. He came out of his room aloopy end sullen; but when ehe commenced her narrative he flashed into sudden anger, "I tell you tho cursed old place is haunted, Em," ho exclaimed. "Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and Bounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost haunts it; and unless you want such visitors every night we had better leave." "If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you wore here. Westerly, I should not be afraid," replied his sister. "What do you mean by my being here ?" ho Baid quickly. "You were not here last night, Wes terly," answered Emma, hardly willing to meet hia glance of astonishment and anger at her disoovery, yot speaking firmly. Westerly was silent a moment, then Baid with cool bravado, — " I had business in tho oity. And I'll tell you what, Em, I may be.away any night. So, if you don't want to be loft alone here with the ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For my part, 1 nover was in favor of coming her." " Why, what can you want in the oity at night, Westerly ?' aaid Emma, sorrow fully. ''That's my business," replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ato his breakfast in silence. During tho forenoon they went about their separate occupationa : but in the afternoon Emma came info the sit ting- room where her brother sat studying, and laying her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, — " Westerly, will you go up stairs with mc ?" " What for ?" ho askod in surprise. " To see if any one is there, or has boen there," Bhe said: For a moment he looked incredulous. Then ho rose slowly, saying,— " Why, 'Em, you must be a fool I How could any ono get into thoso rooms ? They are looked in every direction. But I'll go up if yovi like." Thoy went up-stairs. The stairs were broad and the steps low. Tho halls, dusty and sunny, eohood thoir voices when thoy spoke ; but, though lonely, the place wns not in any degree fearful. Thoy unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked Bilen f and un disturbed. At last they came to the ohamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma Ltimar's heart beat hnrd as she un looked the door. They entered. The room was silent, and echoed tho creaking door. . All was perfeotly still and undis turbed. Westerly laughed as hia sister looked about the room. "Do you suppose ghosts leave any marks to track them by ?" said he. " Oomo, Em, don't be silly any longer. I tell you no live person could havo been in the room hwt night." " What ia this ?'' Emma picked up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. It was a man's buoknkin glove, gauntloted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on whioh were engraved the initials, " R.M." The glove bore the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, it was so soiled and stained. "It has probably lain hero for yoars, where some visitor of the old family dropped it," remarkod Westerly. " I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly," said his sistor. " Nonson?e 1 It's nothing but the dampness of the room. These north-west ohambers are full of chills. Come, throw it down, and let us go down stairs." But Emma kept the glove, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised hor that he would not leave the houso, and the brother and sister rotircd to their rooms at ton o'blook. Suddenly, as tho olock struck eleven, a bell rang violently through tho house. It was not tho hall door bell, but proceeded from one of tho chambers. Emma heard her brothor spring out of bed with an oath. The noxt rnomont ho waa at hor door, whon she met him. " For heaven's sake what ia that, Emma ?" ho exclaimed. " It is the bell of tho north-west cham ber," aho replied. All this time tho bell was ringing. Sud denly it stoppod. " What shall we do, Wosterly ?" " Curse mc if I don't find out what'thts moans I" exclaimed her brothor. Ho sprang baok to his room, and, to Emma'a surprise, roturned with a revol ver. " Where did you get that, Westerly ?" "Nover mind. Take that light and como with mo." She was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and tho air of y?o entrios was chill j but sho did not mind. She fol lowed her brother in his rapid speed up stairs. Strange to say, his theory of ghosts had never made any impression on hor. She feared.nothing so vague, but anticipated some strange discovery of human boinga where all had eeejned deso. lotion. The first Btrange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked. It yielded to Westerly's hand, and with an exclamation of surpriao bo entered. . Thoro was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered on tho table, and upon a lounge lay a man, evi dently in tho agonies of death. His face was doadly pale, and the oyes wore rolled up as if he were in convulsions, Tho brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a momont tho convulsed fea tures were seen to relax, and the breath stopped. " He ia dead," raid Westerly. They brought the light to tho marble face. It was handsome and haggard. Westerly uttered an exclamatiou of sur prise. " What is it, Westerly ?" " I saw that man last night in the city." "Whore?" "In a gambling saloon," replied the young man, exoitcdly. He forgot at the moment that he was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal boyond the mere word?. She looked down at the man, and a look of weariness and sorrow on the still, pallid face touched her to tears. "Pshaw 1 What are you crying for?" exclaimed Westerly. '* Hold the light a minute." He gave her the light, then, unfasten ing tho man's necktie, and, baring his breast, made various tests of life. The form lay as iinpa?sive and cold as marble. " He's dead enough," aaid Westerly. " What are we to do with him 1 Shall I call a physician, Westerly? I am no afraid to go down the hill.' Emma Lamar thought she would prefor it to remaining with that solemn deud figure, while her brother went to call hblp or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments ho covered the face, and said, — " Come down staire now." They went back to the sitting room, put down tho light, and looked at eaoh other.- v '* How did he como here, Westerly ?" ' "Heaven only knows; but, Em, it's the best luck that ever happened to mo J" " How ?" "Ishall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent—that is, if I see no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner will pay mc one hundred pounds, and ask no questions." " Good heavens ! Westerly, I beg of you—" "Pblwwl Hush, will you 1 There's nothing to prevent. I've made up my mind. And there's tho body—a splendid case. You noticed his dress, did you not?" " No." "Army—major's outfit, I think. He's a foreigner ; 1 noticed his accent. last night, lie won my money like the devil. How he happened to be in this house is the mystery." "What killed him'" " Late hours and liquor, perhaps. Pos sibly he took a quiot dose of something to get himself out of the hands of the law. He was a dcspc.rato looking fellow when thiero was life in his face." !" Oh, Wftiterly, where have you learned about these things ? You have ohangod no much in a year I " Go to bed, Em ; 'don't preach I" '' What tiro you going to do ?" "I am going up-stnirs again." ? " Westerly, I prayyou do nothing with that man's body to-night." '.' I'll do what. I~ pleaso, Em. You had better go to bed:"' , " But, Westerly, tho danger of—" "1 will manage, my affaire. Go to bed," He took another light and wont to hia room. His sister know that he had gone for hia surgical case. Trembling with cold nnd excitement, and trying vainly to collect her faculties that Bhe might think calmly, she retreated to hor room, uiul lay down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety. Sho heard her brother go up. stairs. Tho thought ot his work mode hor fninti Sho prayed that something might happen to prevent. Just then she hoard him returning. ' " Westerly 1" sho called. He camo to the door. " Listen to mo a moment, Woaterly. Suppose that man should be tracked here, and found mutilated, what ib to Bavo you from the accusation of mur der ?" "No fear of that. Tho family burying ground of the Meadows will have one more occupant before morning. I shall have quito dono with him in an hour." "Oh, Wosterloy, you don'troalise what a desperate thing you aro doing I" "Don't I? A hundred pourida is worth a little decoration. Go to sleep, sis." He shut the door and wont up-stairs. Emma buried het face in tho pillow, aud wept in an agony of despair. Not only was hor brother's work revolting to hor, but she realised how imminent was tho poril. Westerly Boomed determined to bri.ng certain destruction upou them. But Buddonly sho heard him como leaping down the stairs. He burst into her room. " Ho has gouo 1" " Gone V " Yes. I boliove ho was the devil. How could he tako himselt off whon ho was dead ?" Aud Westerly Lamar, a moment before so cool, leaned against the door, and wiped tho ponpirution of oxcitonient from his forehead. .?' How did ho go, Westerly ?" " I don't know.' I made a slight cut in the breast, aud then camo down for my other iustrumont?. When I went back ho was gone." " Were the .windows and doors open?" ' " The door was ajar just as I left it. The windows wore shut." " Weaterly, I am so glad I" "Of what?" " That you did him no harm." "Fool I" oxoluimed Westerly in a sud den rage. " Whut harm could I possibly do the man if he wero dead V " But ho wasn't dead." " 1 toll you he was as dead aB a post!" Westerly wout back to tho sitting room. It was nearly daybreak, and he made a fire. Ho sat over it moodily when Emma came out. Thon ho rose suddenly, and went up-stairs. In a few moments he came down with aomothing in his hand. " What is that, Westerly t" " Nothing but that glove," he said, as ho tossed it down. "But'l put that, glove away. This must bo the mace." It was so. Tho buttons bore tho same initials. Emma took them in charge as a clue to tho Strang? opisode of tho night. ? That day it was decided thnfc thoy should leavo the house. It bore a horror to Emma Lamar ; and, since her plan in coming there was not likely to prove suc cessful, it was not worth while to remain in so disagroeablo a place. They would go back to tho little* cottage thoy had rented for the last three years, and live as best thoy might. At least she would bo near to neighbors thore when left alone at night. She had nover before in her life boen so unhappy, and she could not keep back her tears as sh-? prepared for their re moval. Bcsidu hor disappointment and sorrow, sho was wearied and nervous from the effects of tho night's excitement, and at lOt, during her brother's absence, she flung herself down upon hor bed and cried liko a child. The poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. At twilight she arose and went into tho garden, hoping that her aching head would bo relieved by the clear, frosty air. Besides she could not but acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly had promised ro return at six o'clock, and she stood on tho hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon tho gravel walk nt her foet. A Becond glance assured her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at tho ground, she Baw another and another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the marks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a man. (Concluded in our next.) 