LADIES' COLUMN. OUE LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, September 27, 1889. The English Princesses presented the Queen of Denmark with some pretty presents on the anniversary of her birthday. The Princess of Wales gave her mother a bracelet and a hand- some fan, Princess Viotoria and Princess Maude of Wales gave a gold brooch. The Prince of Wales sent his royal mother-in-law a gold casket embellished with gems. The Czarina's birthday present to her mother com- prised a diamond brooch, handsome bracelet, and an umbrella with a watch in the handle. The royal families of England and Russia seem to enjoy the quiet life and the absence of royal splendor and state ceremonies in the Danish court. The mighty Emperor of Russia, owing to want of space in his royal father-in- law's home, washes and dresses himself in a nook that has to serve as his wife's boudour and his own study as well. Alexander III. delights in shaking off the splendor of his exalted position, and becoming as he does on these occasions a private gentleman. The Arcadian simplicity of the Danish court, as compared with Imperial state in Russian palaces, is also appreciated by the Empress of Russia. It is said that she and our beloved Princess of Wales amuse themselves by playing together, or with their mother, duets on the selfsame old piano on which they took their first music lessons. The Duchess of Fife must be missed by her grandmother. She stayed in England in her own home, where she has been entertaining for the first time her father and brothers. Madame Albani had the honor of singing be- fore the Queen at Balmoral last week. Her Majesty does not pay Madame Albani, but gives her some little memento of her visit, which is an annual one. The Queen, it is understood, entertains a personal regard for this delightful vocalist. Mr. Wolff also is a favorite at court, and goes frequently to Windsor to play to the Queen, the Princess Beatrice often accompanying him. Her Royal Highness is an excellent musician. Poor Wilkie Collins will be greatly missed from the ranks of novelists. His works were always read with interest, not only by his country men and women, but his novels had been translated into many languages, which is a sure test of popularity. One of Wilkie Collins's earliest works, "The Woman in White," is generally considered his best novel, an opinion shared by the author him- self. Mr. Edmund Yates, who knew Wilkie Collins intimately, says he sought relief from nervousness by indulging in opium to such an extent that the doses were large enough to kill a "ship's crew unaccustomed to the drug." The novelist was subject to gout, and often had to use his pen when suffering great agony. When his brain was highly wrought he suffered from hallucinations. It is said he once told a friend that when ab- solved in his work at midnight he was haunted by apparitions, and by one ghost in particular. This was a fearful, shapeless, monster with eyes of fire and big green fangs. The appear- ance of these creations of an overworked brain made the novelist throw down his pen and make a precipitate departure from the study to his bedroom. With Scotch ladies golf is as popular as cricket is in England. At St. Andrews, North Berwich, and several other headquarters of the "royal and ancient game" golf tournaments are the order of the day. The 1st of November will witness a unique ceremony in Westminster Abbey, namely, the consecration of five bishops. Their lordships are, severally, the Bishops of Sydney, Travan- core, Yomba (West Indies), and the Bishops of Derby and Reading. Miss Mary Anderson is visiting William Black, the novelist, at his residence in the Scottish Highlands. She has quite recovered her health and spirits, and her geniality has quite won all Scotoh hearts. She may be fre- quently seen walking, rowing, yachting, and visiting places of interest with Mr. Black's children. It is thought that she will not return to the stage for along time, as it is her wish to have a long rest. Some of Mr. Black's most charming novels are "The Story of a Feather," "White Wings," "A Daughter of Heth," and "Adventures of a House Boat." There are also many others. According to popular rumors the Crown Princess Stephanie of Austria is not to marry a second heir-apparent to the throne. It was currently reported that such a match was in contemplation, the said heir being, it was affirmed, greatly enamored of his widowed cousin. It was well understood that the pro- jected match was most distasteful to the Emperor Francis Joseph, and it is just possible that the whole story was a canard only. Now, it is told with some show of authenticity that the widowed arch-duchess at the expiration of her year of mourning will espouse a rich Hun- garian noble. We have heard that the prin- cess is proud, but never that she is ambitious. Probably she has discovered that happiness does not make courts its habitat, and trusts to find in private life domestic peace and love, the only case on which complete happiness ever rests. Strangers and foreigners when visiting strange cities often miss seeing much that is interesting on account of their topographical ignorance, and by reason also of lack of infor- mation in relation to passing events. To remedy this "A Court Bureau and Fashionable Registry Office" has been opened in London, the promoters being none other than the Duchesses of Abercore and Cleveland, Maria Marchioness of Ailesbury, the Countesses of Cork and De Grey, also Lady Claud Hamilton. The object is to facilitate com- munication between visitors to London, by publishing every week a gazette of addresses and information in connection with forth- coming events. The scheme is an excellent one, and doubtless will be much appreciated. It might be carried out in other large centres on the European Continent and elsewhere. The Woman's World, a magazine for the fair sex, and edited by Oscar Wylde, only lived through its twelve months' probation. Those most interested in its issue are naturally most bitter in their expression of vexation at the failure of the venture. See the following:— "The 'Woman's World' was started with the idea that there were enough women of culture to support a really high-class magazine, who could not find sufficient soul-satisfying read- ing in the twaddly pages of the ordinary Women's paper." The writer then draws atten- tion to the flourishing condition of the Queen and the Ladies' Pictorial. The readers or con- tributors to these serials will hardly feel flattered by the inference to be drawn from the above remarks. Strange accounts are current of the strained relations which exist between certain royal personages. It is said that Prince Henry of Battenburg is the disturbing element in this case. Princess Beatrice's influence with her mother is paramount. Princess Beatrice adores her husband, and he through her governs the Queen, his mother-in-law. The Duke of Fife it seems has been annoyed in some way by the conduct of his arrogant uncle by marriage. The husband of Princess Louise of Wales being an older man than his new relative, and being, moreover, supported in his quarrel by his father-in-law, the Prince of Wales, is not inclined to put up with the inter- ference of Henry of Battenburg. An element of discord, therefore, exists which is not likely to be removed without much unpleasantness. Evidence of the royal domestic disturbance was seen when at the recent ball given by the Duke and Duchess of Fife at New Mar Lodge, in honor of the Prince of Wales none of the members of the Court at Balmoral were present. The Duke of Edinburgh would not go, Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry were not asked, and her Majesty would not allow Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lorne, to attend. The Queen is under the hands of a masseuse as a remedy from rheumatism, from which painful malady her Majesty and more than one of her daughters suffer greatly. We who have undergone the salutary rubbing described as massage speculate curiously about this operation performed on the sacred person of the sovereign of this realm. To be efficacious a certain liberty of action on the part of the masseuse is presupposed, and such necessary freedom is so inconsistent with the forms ob- served in all approaches to the Queen's person that we wonder who is the medical rubber selected to perform this more than delicate operation. The Prince and Princess of Wales when they leave Denmark will go to visit the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland. They will then pro- ceed to Athens to witness the marriage between their nephew, the Crown Prince of Greece, and their niece, Princess Sophia of Prussia. The presents of the Queen (her grandmother) to Princess Sophia includes the inevitable Cashmere shawl, a parure of diamonds, and a tea service of old Derby china, with teapot of richly-chased silver and sugar-basin of rock crystal. The fondness of Americans for diamonds is notorious; they wear them on all and every occasion. The latest caprice is to adorn bathing-dresses with these costly stones. The craze was initiated by a young woman who evolved the idea that her gems would be safer on her person than if left in the bathing-van. So she decorated herself with them; and, natu- rally afraid lest Father Neptune should prove a thief, kept well out of his reach, merely per- mitting the foam of the sea to play around her extremities. In this manner the lady not only displayed her jewels, but a charming figure also, which her dainty bathing costume expressed rather than concealed. The novelty of the action attracted many, and now other American ladies, charitably supposed to be anxious about the safety of their gems, are daily disporting on the sands with their orna- ments very much en evidence. It is said Russian ladies are greatly addicted to the vice of gambling, and that many stake fortunes on the cast of a single die. In Eng- land a century ago women were undoubtedly gamblers, but they were content with smaller stakes. An old retainer of the Foley family told me that Lady Foley and a friend, also a lady, once bet a heavy sum on the result of a race between two insects of the species known as "wood-lice." The movements of one of these not being active enough to please the fair backer she foolishly thought to give it impetus by means of a pin, with the result of course that the creature at once assumed the form of a ball. So the foolish race was won by the rival insect, and the stake by its backer. The increase of bald heads has incited some interested and curious persons to try to dis- cover a reason or reasons for loss of hair. Among these it is stated that the disease is contagious. People who visit hairdressers should always take their own combs and brushes, and insist on these being used and no other, for it is asserted that the cause of bald- ness is conveyed by means of those implements if used promiscuously. Another theory is that the air is tainted with germs of baldness, and that cats and dogs in certain hairdressers shops are seen to be affected. The training of dogs for military purposes is being proceeded with actively in the Austrian army, and it is said satisfactory results have been obtained by some of the regiments in Bosnia. One of these soldier-dogs the other day carried a message over a distance of eight milesin an hour and five minutes. According to the trainers, the best dogs for warlike purposes are pointers, poodles, and sheep-dogs. The education consists in training the dogs to carry messages and ammunition, to guard places and depots, also to perform outpost duty. Many years ago there appeared a series of clever articles entitled "The Girl of the Period." They were satirical and not a little severe also on the follies of young women who indulged in certain affectations of dress and manner. The writer was Mrs. Lynn Lynton, the well- known novelist and essayist. Under the nom de plume "Scrutator," this lady is now penning a series of corresponding articles entitled "The Seven Ages of Women." The third appears in the current number of Truth under the head of "The Debutante." It has this powerful pas- sage by way of final:—"The loathsome man with the colossal fortune or the high-sounding title yields himself prisoner to the girl who has set herself to make a wealthy marriage. From this time onward the life of the debutante is like nothing so much as that of the poor Hin- doo widow on her way to the funeral pyre—save that the Hindoo widow had both more spiritual exaltation in her sacrifice and more personal shrinking from its performance. The tom-toms of society beat to drown any chance cry that may escape her. Congratulated on all sides for the wonderful success that has crowned her first season, she does not confess even to herself the price she has to pay. Intoxicated with the in- cense of flattery, blinded by the dazzling splen- dor of the gewgaws for which she is about to barter all that is sacred in life and precious in womanhood, she goes to the altar as her proto- type went to the funeral of her dead lord. The barren faith of the poor deluded Hindoo widow was a sublimer thing than the sordid enjoy- ment of the scheming debutante who in the flower of her life and the first richness of her young beauty marries a man she does not love, and perhaps abhors, for the sake of his money or his rank. 'These be thy gods, O Israel,' and an unsatisfying and soul destroying set of deities they are." 