REVIEW. ROMILLY'S "FROM MY VERANDA IN NEW GUINEA." Mr. Romilly is one of those authors who believe in doing their best to "scoop" their enemies, as the Americans say, videlicet the reviewers. He repeatedly insists that his book is not to be taken seriously. It has no scientific value whatever. It has no ethnological value whatever. It has, indeed, no value what- ever of any kind, except as an "endeavour to place the country and its inhabitants before the reader in such a manner that he can form his own opinion on them, instead of having blindly to accept" the author's. As if any such endeavour could be successful without something more, and very much more, than the superficial insight of the average British gentleman and official who, "at the close of the London season, at one of the latest balls given that year, after a long conversation with" the wife of the then Governor of Fiji, decides to scamper off to the antipodes with a "battery" of breechloaders and a store of fishing- tackle, having "learned to take an interest in the race of the Pacific." At the present moment any really intelligent observer, dowered with even the rudiments of science and ethnology, which it requires no very severe study to attain, could be doing work of price- less value in New Guinea. Instead of this we have to content ourselves with the lucubrations of the average British gentleman and official aforesaid, and be thankful for even the few grains of gold which he has picked up as "curiosities" in a land that is all one big gold reef. Andrew Lang, indeed, who is closely connected with the publications of Mr. Nutt, the publisher of this book, contributes a slovenly little preface on "New Guinea Folk Lore," not having even taken the trouble to look at more than two chapters out of the eleven which constitute these "sketches and traditions," or having "only glanced at them in manuscript." All this is very tantalising, and when the guileless Mr. Romilly, tacitly ad- vancing a claim for his book which he keeps protesting he does not, comes along deli- cutely, like Agag, saying: "Surely the bitterness of hostile criticism is past," he provokes the fate of Agag, whom Samuel hewed in pieces before the Eternal in Gilgal, and thus became the prototype of the savage newspapor man who ruthlessly "cuts up" the craftily apologetic author. But that ¡s an occupation which "in this roaring moon of daffodil and crocus," is not worth the doing, and what space is at our disposal shall be given to retailing the best of the by no moans re- markable material which Mr. Romilly has made out of his golden opportunities. He starts with the opinion that "explorers frequently set themselves tasks which are absurd, and the successful accomplishment of which would" (sic) "be of no practical use in tho future," and such are the offerts to scale big mountains, and he takes the trouble to prophesy that Mount Owen Stanley is at present unscalable, which at this hour of the day is a rather obvious sample of the Yankee. "You didn't oughtor prophesy until you know." He remarks of New Guinea that " there is probably no country in the world better watered, and the rivers present no insuperable obstacles to navi- gation." He has appreciated the fact that the island is inhabited by three distinct races--the true Papuans, who aro found about the centre of the island, the Malays in the extreme west of the Dutch territory, and the Polynesians in the east, together with mixtures of those. " In the south-east both the Malay and Polynesian types are very visible. Almost every village produces flat-nosed men, men of a Jewish type"--(it should be Phoeni- cian)--"with aquiline noses and thin lips, fair- skinned men, red men, and dark men. Throughout the coast it can be soon that an admixture of the blood of three races exists, but it is impossible"--(to patience and clear sightedness all things are possible)--"to lay down any geographical limits of their distribu- tion. The languages which appear to exist have no end. An insignificant tribe of some few hundred members frequently speaks a lan- guage totally different to that of their imme- diate neighbours." The confusion here in his mind between languages and dilects is obvious. Not so very many years ago your Yorkshireman and your Somersetshire man (to take no more extreme cases) could not understand each other, and the present writer recalls the inabi- lity of a Canton man to comprehend a Foochow man, Fooohow being about 400 milos distant from Canton and in a neighbouring province, but would Mr. Romilly, even in his loosest phraseology, talk of the English of the Somersetshire man and the Yorkshire man, or of the Chinese of the Fo-Kien man and the Quang-tung man, as respectively "totally different languages." He takes a dreadfully low view of the Papuan's character. He utterly denies him courage. "In a skirmish in the bush, an affair whioh generally results in no casualties on either side, should a more lucky spear than usual lay one of the enemy low, your New Guinea native will rush up in order that he may have the satisfaction of plunging his spear into the prostrate body bfore life is extinct, so that he may tattoo the coveted mark on his neck or bade, a mark which means "I've killed a man !" . . . . The idea of mooting his enemy face to face"-(as the civilised combatant with his torpedo or sub- marine mine does, for instances)--"¡s one entirely foreign to his nature. But it appears marvellous, considering the very low esti- mation in which human life is held, how very badly the New Guinea native will meet certain death. Solomon Islanders and natives of other groups I have seen, about to die, meeting their. fate with utter indifferenco. But the Papuan will suffer the pain of death twenty times over should he be placed in such a predicament." Mr. Romilly is hore presumably speaking of the pure Papuan as opposed to the Polynesian, who in- habits the Solomon Islands "and other groups," and the Malays, but his report is not altogether supported by that of other witnesses either in New Guinea or in our own land. The Papuan is also a domestic tyrant who lives on the labour of his wife, mud what caps his iniquities, he is utterly without the sentiment of hospitality. "Thero are," says Mr. Romilly," one or two exceptions to this swoop- ing condemnation of mine, but they have been the result of influence brought to bear upon the natives by men connected in some manner with the mission. But hospitality for its own sake is not"-(as it is. of course, by us with all the strangers and pilgrims, emigrants, newchums, and general travellers who come among us) "practised for its own sake. A man must pay for his food, or he will starve !" How different in civilised Brisbane." They could never understand why one man should keep another alive sooner than allow him to starve. A white man travelling through their country will have to pay heavily for that privilege." (In Australia, as is well known, all foreigners have free railway passes.)" As he will also have to pay the owners of the houses he sleeps in." (Not thus is the genial hotel-keeper of Toowoomba or Townsville, who practises hospitality for its own sake !) And lastly, "He is by no means secure from treachery and attack beoauso he has eaten food with his entertainers and his host for the time being might (sic) be the very first to spear him in his sleep." Mr. Romilly notices that "the natives appear to suffer as much from the fever of the country as the strangers do," and the men more than the women, The New Guinea man loathes and detests spirits, and will never, like the monkey Darwin tells us of, taste it again, wherein he certainly differs from his fellow Papuan on the mainland. The origin of head-hunting is traced to the idea of appeasing the manet of the dead man by the death of a member of the hostile tribe that has killed him ; while the usual throwing of the bodies of white men into the sea, instead of eating them, is traced to a fear of being haunted with the white man's ghost, a ghost which is beyond their powers to lay or disregard. The utter want of idealism and spirituality in the New Guinea man pursues him even to his canni- balism, which is sheer gourmandism." There can be no doubt that all natives are agreed in describing human flesh as very good ; far better than pork. My principal informants," he adds, "are two mission teachers, who both of them as boys were accustomed to its taste. They made no secret of having eaten it, merely "From my Veranda in New Guinea," by Hugh Hastings Romilly. London : David Nutt. Brisbane : Watson, Ferguson, and Co. saying that at the time they knew no better : no food was so much appreciated, and this on account of its delicious flavour." Mr. Romilly is of opinion that the New Irelanders also look upon cannibalism from this gastronomical standpoint. But he winds up confutingly thus:--"Many people suppose that because a tribe of natives are " (sic) " cannibals, that they are on that aocount more savage than communities where this habit is not practised. This is not the case. Many tribes for whom (sic) I have the greatest respect are inveterate cannibals, but they are also most friendly and useful people to the whites. It really makes very little difference, if you wish to obtain infor- mation on any matter, or got a certain amount of work done, or to obtain guides or interpre- ters, whether you secure the services of a can- nibal or a member of the Salvation Army." Which will surely be a pleasant and edifying reflection to our musical friends of the Blood and Fire apparatus. A lost touch reminds us that" an Italian at Bougainville becamo a con- firmed cannibal," and that settlers among the anthropophagi (as Othello called them) are ex- pected to conform to the culinary customs of the place. When Mr. Romilly passes on to the less obvious elements of the Papuan, he gets rash and reckless. He "thinks he may take it for granted that the New Guinea men have no mythology of interest ; certainly none by whioh their actions of the present day are controlled." Any amount of like loose talk once passed current about tho Australian Papuan, but to-day we know ho had a mythology of the deepest interest and a system of tribe and personal regulations of the most elaborate character. What our jaunty author impatiently dismisses again and again as "superstition" indis- putably contains the matter for a whole heaven and earth undreamed of in his ethnological philosophy. He has collected and retailed a few native "fairy tales" which he characteristi- cally depreciates, and which are, despite everything, the most valuable, indeed the only valuable roBidt, of his observations "from his veranda," but he utterly declines the "wearisome relations of every-day supersti- tions connected with hunting, fishing, &c.;" How much more interesting would this wearisome relation have been than a good half of the common-place chatter and desola- tion, which, together with a synopsis of some of the evidence given before the Queensland Labour Trade Commission, make up the bulk of his book ! He advances some grounds for believing that the witches and wizards practise mesmerism ; indeed in one case he recognised the passes of an old witch over a siok child as " precisely the same as what is termed 'the grand pass' in mesmorism." He is positive as to the dreadfully ill effect of the labour trade. In 1882, when he first visited the south-eastern archipelagos, and whon the labour trade had not started, he was well received. In Woodlark Island this was so to the pitoh of a "hospitality that was a little embarrassing, and we parted with mutual expressions of good will. The last time I landed there they wore surly, and showed me dearly that they were not anxious for my society." In some cases this hostility broke out in insult and threats, and of late years those threats "have been carried out only too well, and the number of white men's heads which have been taken is very large." He is equally positive as to the ill effect on the islanders of their experiences on the Queensland sugar plantations. "It is a humiliating confession to have to make, but these same returned islanders are now the most hostile natives to whites in New Guinea." ne concludes "that the native character is, on the whole, not influenced for the better by contact with whites. I do not," he declares, "think the native character at any time a very fine one ; but, with white modification, it is admirable from no point of view." His ideas on the future, commercial and otherwise, of New Guinea are favourable." In my opinion, "he says, "the disoovery of gold is merely a question of time ; and, when that discovery is made, New Guinea will shake off the stagna- tion of ages, and thousands of minors will troop to its shores, bringing in their train all the accessories which attend early civilisation. But at the present time it is only supposed that gold exists, while it is known that there are other indigenous sources of wealth which only require development, under favourable cir- cumstances, to, yield large sums." Such are the dugong and beche - de - mer fisheries, the timber industry (pen- cil cedar, malava, sandal - wood, obouy, tulip-wood, (and so on), the pearlshelling, and finally: "There is plenty of oountry suitable for cattle, but very little for shoop. There is no doubt that cattle would thrive as well as in any part of Queensland, while the droughts so destructive in Australia need never be foared in New Guinea." 