d r r t m b a . Dust. Flies. Wind. Sultrj. Theatre. Garner's. December. MetmeriBm. Have you voted ? Champion Mallias. Races on Saturday. Poll open from 9 to 5. "The Honse on the Marsh." Criminal Sittings to-morro M unicipal elections proceeding. Barometer at noon to-day, 29'50. Last day of Mayor Shaw's reign. Claret is the tipple this weather. Cadelgo Jacky committed for trial. Plenty of soft tack but not of haggis. Cuzco at Albany on Sunday morning. Colonial produce booming in London. Author of" Proverbial Philosophy" dead. A great gathering of the elans on Saturday. Brighton sharkers simply played with tbe fish. Emperor William a big item in Earopean caws. Corrobboree of Port Adelaide Natives tonight. The host did not appear in his kilt on Saturday. Ihe Y.M.C.A, evidently took a back seat on Saturday. North Adelaide beaten by Norwood by fonr wickets. " Maritana" at Norwood Town Hill "tomonow night. M. P. Jenkins very industrious at the end of the session. The Governor will be back in time to shut np Parliament. Monthly meeting of the Irish National League to-night. Majors Shaw and Gepp watching the Corporations Bill Bev. W. R. Fletcher taking another trip.. A well-earned holiday. Descent bnt very little affects tbe Australian patriotic feeling. Batfcurst woman tried to cut her husband's throat on Friday night. Three hundred barrels of gunpowder made big explosion at Marseilles. Eiver Murray Navigation Company has Istued a tempting programme. Caledonians pleased to see the Conntess beating time to the pipe musio. The licensing clauses is the Corporations Bill mil be fixed up to- morrow. The singing of the Goodwood Choir recalled memories of the Kennedys. Earls of Kintore and Hopetoun fond of trotting-in references to Scotchmen. Sun rose at 4.43 a.m., sets at 6.57 p.m. Moon set at 1.46 a,m., rises at 2.2 p.m. Up the Murray to the Irrigation Colonies during Christmas week. Sport galore. Patrick Whelan, d'ye moind, is up for Hindmarsh Ward, me bhoys. Hurroo 1 Cyclist strawberry struggle at the Moun^ tain Hut last Saturday. Poor wheelmen! Feeling of American Congress in favour of free coinage of silver said to be increasing,; The Governor at Melbourne and the Conntess at Linden, honoured St, Andrew on Saturday. Governors should remember that exoept a few old fogies people in these colonies are Australians. Steamers Ellen and Gem advertised^ for special trips from Murray Bridge to Ksnmark. and Mildura. Mining speculation, when successful, induces even parsons to forego the pleasure of preaching for a time. For two years consecutively the Norwoods have secured the Melbourne double—Austral and Australian championship. The foundation-stone of the London Mechanics' Institution, Southampton Buildings, was laid December 2, 1623. J. J. Mullins, the South Australian representative at the Melbonrne Cycling Carnival, won the Ten-mile Championship of Australia. If the Corporations Bill gets wrecked, Premier must not forget to pnt a line in the Loan Bill for the grant to Corporations—as- Tom did last year. Bising colonial generation will have their own " pride of race," and it won't be English^ Irifh, Scotch, French, German, Italian, Norwegian, or Spanish. Quotation for December 2 Btad not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted, nor to find talk and discourse, but to weigh and consider.—Bactn. November 30 was the birthday of that Lilliputian mortal, now known.as Dean Swift, who made his entrance upon the Btage of mortality at Dublin in tbe year 1667. Fernando Cortes, or Hermando Cortes, or Haimando Cortez, or Fermando Cortez, or Herman Cortes, or Herman Cortez, the conqueror of Mexico, died Deoember 2,1551. The Battle of Narva, In whioh Peter the Great received such a tremendous thrashing, came off, November 30, 1700. The Bnssians, commanded by Peter, numbered 80,000 ; but the Swedes, nnder Charles XII., though only 8,000 strong, mowed them down Uke grass. Five years later, however, Narva was retaken by the Czar. On December 2,1804, alljParia went cranky with enthusiasm. It waB the day of the coronation of Napoleon and J osephine. Pope Pius VII assisted at the ceremony, but you know the pious monaroh placed the crowns upon his own nob, and upon that of his consort whose first husband lost his head beneath the guillotine. Didn't that old welkin ring with the shouts of vive 1' Empsreur tha. night. Few ladies have personally realized Whit a meant by "fortuce's frolics" more thoroughly thanFraooesD' Aubigne, Marchioness de Maintenon. She was born in a prison November 27, 163-5. On the death of her father in 1646 she was left with her mother ia extreme proverty, but after experiencing many vicissitudes she rose to share the throne of France witn Louie XIV., to whom she was secretly married. Gerard Mercator died, Deoember 2, 1594, aged 82. He was tbe first geographer who represented the meridians by equidistant parallel lines, and the parallels of longitude by lines at right angles therewith. Hence the name of " Mercator's projection" given to maps so constructed. Do you know, gentle reader, that it is impossible to draw a map of any country to any scale without distortion ? Fact St. Francis Xavier died December 2,1552, aged 46. He was born at Navarre, was a descendant of a noble family, joined tbe famous Ignatius Loyola, ionnder of the Society of Jesuits, set out as a missionary to the Portuguese Colonies in Asia, made many thousand converts, proceeded! to Ceylon, converted the native king of that Island, laboured over two years among the Japs, and gave up the ghost near Macao on his way to China. " He baptised more than a million converts"—must be taken cum grano salts. Only fancy—100 per day for more than 27 years. The illustrious lady from whom onr metropolis derived its name, died, Deoember 2, forty years ago. Adelaide Amelia Louise Tereea Caroline, Queen Dowager of Great Britain and Ireland, was the daughter of George, Duke of Saxe-Coburg Meiningen, and of Louisa, daughter of Christian Albert, Prince of Hohenlohe Langenburg. She was born in 1792, and was married to William IV., then Duke of Clarence, July 11, 1818 whom she survived twenty-four yean. Her numberless acts of publio and private benevolence, as well as her constant praotice of tbe Christian graces, endeared her to all classes of the community. In the north of Austria there is a fruitful traok of conntiy called Moravia, and Moravia has two fine rivers named the Sohwarza and the Zwittawa, and at the confiuenoe of these two rivers there is a large town oalled Brunn, containin 73,500 inhabitant*, and 12 miles to the eastward of Brunn there is a sma town named Austerlitz, and on [December 2, 1805, the 2,500 inhabitants of this quiet little town were frightened ont of their seven senses by what was afterwards known as " the Battle of the three Emperors," from there being present the Emperors of France, Austria, and Russia. The French, under Napoleon, were the victors, and the battle was followed by tbe treaty of Presbury, by which Austria was stripped of 24,000 square miles of territory and 2,78 subjects. 