DEER STALKING ON THE DANUBE. Bi*' the late Crown P ni sou KuDOLrii ot Austria. It ia a cool, dark night, towards the end of the departing summer, and a small boat carnes us swiftly across au arm of the Danube to one of the numerous wooded islands. Damp mists hung over tho water, and make us shiver, _ Tho tall grasses on the banks of the river aro covered svith heavy dosv-which at this time of the year overspreads vegetation-in copious abundance. By slosv dcgroes, in the far away east, the first aigri3 of Iho break of day become perceptible ; faint streaks of light, gradually extending, illumine one-half of tho firmament, svkoreas the other half re maius shrouded in dark, leaden hues. Tho hoot of the owl, the svliistle of tho curloss', the hoarse croak of the night fiah itig herou, the svliirr of many pinions belonging to endiosa flights of wild ducks, returning from their feeding grounds in the fields and small brooks of tho neighbourhood, interrupt tlio majestic rest of a, beautiful September dasvn. Over sand drives and through osier beds, following one of tho many little creeks, we aro making our way tosvards a placo svliero the large forest trees loom like a dark wall in the distance. Sud- denly we hear a roar,, a deep imposing and far-reaching A'oice J like an organ peal, sounds the bridal song of tlio many tined stag ; a worthy rival answers his chal- lenge, and soon here and thero similar sounds are hoard. By this time wo have leached tho bank of a small inlet, and stand on the outskirts of the lofty svoods. Paddling sounds in the Avater aro heard they are made by otters fishing-and pre- sently a flight of ducks settles down upon a pool not many yards from whoro we stand ; only in shadowy outlines can sve distinguish their forms against the light pebbly bank. Ghost-like steps the heron not far from us, pat taking of an early breakfast, whilst svhistling waterfowls enliven the air. The nearer the sunrise the more completely the mists of tho Danube saturate our alroady wet clothes. It is getting a little lighter in the east, but not light enough to put the rifle-sights together, so we had better move on, to be nearer the spot where we may ex- pect to find the deer before it becoraeH broad daylight. Short inters'ala excepted, the stags continue to call. Walking stealthily on a high bank, crawling carefully through the clumps of alder and aspen, intermixed svith soaking wet large- leaved plants, nettles, and rough grasses, we advance but slowly. On a sudden, and with much noise, the svary ducks rise ; they have seen us, and so have the cautious herons ; they all are on the Aving, aud their Avarning notes are heard overhead. We halt ; tho sudden uproar amongst the alarmed Avildfosvl has dis- turbed the deer, and the stags ceaso to challenge, but not for long. Pre- sently a distant roar is heard, more follosv, and, to our satisfaction, Ave notico the deep bass voice of a mighty beast rend the still morning air not far from the spot where we are watching, With great care avoiding to step on tho dry twigs, which seriously interfere with our movements, we get through the alders. The stag's voice sounds near enough. Stooping down, we move round a clump of almost impenetrable underwood, and find ourselves presently kueeling on the brink of the steep bank of ti creek. We can hear deer svading through the shallow water, but thoy are hinds, when with startling suddenness the big stag drives away a less resolute intruder, and we eau distinctly hear the crunching noise made by his hoofs on the gravel. Looking across a small sheet of placid water, and tosvards a white sandbank bordered by an 03ier bed, wo discover hinds ; they are feeding on the sparse brushwood, and their leader moves in the direction of a sheltering thicket. But whero is the stag 1 Presently wo dimly see a shapeless mass, and mighty antlers swaying backwards and forwards close at hand-hero he is. He rolls himself in the cool wet clay of the river bank, and gathers fresh strength for a possible fray ; he then rises and leisurely follosva the hinds. Unfortunately it is still too dark to risk a shot ; anxiously the eye Avatches the progress of the oncoming day, whilst further and further off wander the deer amongst the willows, and the already feebler call of the stag is only heard at longer inters'uls; when, unexpectedly, on our left, a loud challenge is beard, and another pair of tall antlers appears above the underwood. It is the rival who re- vengefully follows his enemy. The big 6tag viciously turns, and Avith proudly raised head bellows out bia challenge and makes fcr the intruder. No time to lose, carefully we rise rifle, as Ave can see the head. In the meantime our stag has como to a full stop. Very grand lie looks with his head in the air, the mighty antlers thrown backwards ; but for the last time his battle cry is heard. Ths sharp crack of the rifle breaks upon the stillness of the morning, and his tre monduous rush tells us that ho is hit hard. When the terrified hinds hear the shot they are off in an instant, and dis apDaar behind tha sheltering willows, The rival stag plunges madly into the foam- ing water, scrambles up the opposite bank, and thunders away through alder and ..«pen coppice, towards the denser woods of the island. A bluish smoke floats over the water, but soon intermingles with the slight morning mists. Gloriously (he sun rises in the east, behiud the craggy heights of tbo lesser Carpathian Mountains, and floods the whole country side with a golden light. Far away across the Danube and over the basin iu which Vienna lies, wo can discern the long ridgo of tho Wienei wald, overtopped by the shining summit of the Schneeberg. A glance at the footprints of tho stag, and wo dud blood in the track ; the bullet has done its work well. We now hurry back to the spot where the keeper awaits us with the deerhouud, for the moat laborious part of our stalk - the following up and finding the wounded hart -has yet to be accomplished. Au hour has passed away ; the aim's powerful rays make themselves felt ; they have brought out the gnats. These wretched bloodsuckers punish our hands and faces with ever increasing energy. AYo have returned to the spot Avhero blood had first been found, and wo ¡ put the hound on the trail. Tho keeper holds him by a long leash, and the »lout hound trembles vcith excitement whilst he sniffa the dark red bloodstains, already fast drying up on tho broad leaved weeda. The small alder coppice is quickly passed, and amongst the higher trees whero tho under- growth is leas dense our advance becomes comparatively oasy. The tracks guide us to one of the small lagoona of stagnant water, covered with reeds and small white flowers. We wade up to our knees through the water, and then mount the opposite bank. We aro in a lonely and very picturesque spot ; biue dragon flies Hit over the water, and tho branches of overhanging trees, hidden under a wealth of foliage, nearly touch it. At this time of tho year Hie sward is still covered with bright green gi ass, hero and there running to seed ; generations of rank herbage ¡ire decaying in mighty layers, damp vapours riso from the ground, and this accumulation of rotten vegetable matter renders the air close and fills it with unhealthy exhalations. The shallow watercourses have become swampy and unwholesome under the influence of the heats of summer. The blood tracks lead in the direction of ¡i thicket of tangled alders and brambles, intermingled with tall grasses, reeds, and stinging nettles. Creepers cover tho tree stems, and encirclo our bodies, im- peding our passage. More and more eagerly forward presses tho hound-we can hardly keep up with him and hold him ; with our hunting knives wo have ever and anon to cut our way through the brushwood. A slim roebuck rises from his lair and bounds oil"; large flights ol' wood pigeons rise noisily from tho treo tops, Our hound raises bia head and takes the wind. Looking forward wo sight the reddish bro w11 body of our stag. There ia still life in him. When ho becomes aware of our presence be riees and rushes ¡ivvay, uprooting (miall trees in his wild night, and, smashing the branches of otheia in all directions, ho vanishes. Wo now slip the hoimd, aud a few moments of breathless suspenso ensue before wo hear him give tongue. Let us hurry on as fast as circum- stances will allow. With all our might wo push our way through the biambles ami reach a small clearing. In a pool, half hidden under bulrushes, sick, hardly able to support himself on his legs, but lately so sinewy and powerful, tho antlers wreathed with tom off creepers, the stag languidly wards off the attacks of the impatient hound. A crack of a rifle rings out, and the noblo hart stumbles and falls to rise no more. Tho Danube sfag ia a fine boast, weighing some ßewt. j tho long and vvoll shaped body, its mighty neck with the flowing mane, its short massive head and the arched nose, the curly hair between the roots of the antlers on his forehead, his tall dark horns, with shovel shaped crown ends and ivory-white tips, stamp him as what he really is, the ornament and the pride of our forests, and not to be found in leas favoured localities, or in deer parks.-Vienna Y<«jd Zeitung. Tho Sugar Cane of February contains many papers of interest to planters. A complete account is given of the discovery of the fraud connected with the celebrated "Electric Sugar Refining Process" at New York, in which it is proved that the raw sugar taken in openly to be operated upon was never even touched, and that the refined article palmed off as the result of the operation was surreptitiously introduced in casks enclosed in cases labelled "machinery." We find the information that the number of beet-sugar faotories is constantly increasing on the Continent---in Germany, two ; in Austria, several; in Portugal a company is being formed by Germans, the preliminary capital, already subscribed, being £75,000, for the erectio. of a factory, it having been found that Portugal can grow excellent beets. An International Sugar Syndicate has been registered at Somerset, England, which proposes to promote, or oppose, legislative and other measures affect- ing the sugar trades, and to assist in the re- adjustment or modification of State subsidies, drawbacks, or bounties ; and to prevent the use of deleterious substances for sugar. It is evident that theo Continental sugar-growers do not take kindly to the action of the late Bounty Convention, for we find it mentioned that in November, 1888, the Silesian branch of the Sugar Manufacturers' Union passed a resolu- tion declaring that the London Convention was a measure conceived in the interest of English colonies and refiners, and prejudicial to the interests of beet sugar producers. ThJs reso- lution it has now forwarded to tho Govorninont with a memorandum petting forth that tho ubbtoution of Belgium, Franco, and Austria, who aro endeavouring to turn Germany out of the foreign markets, muat have the 'offeot of roatraining Germany from abandoning her froedom of action and tying the hands of hor sugar manufacturera in thin competition. Thóy assort that G-ormany ought to havo mado her assent conditional on the ontranco into tho con- vention of tho two important oountrioa of Franco und Auatriu. It is ovident that in Germany opinion differs, and ia not favourable to tho oourao adopted by tho Government ex- clusively. Howevor, the Secretary of State for tho German Treasury baa lately Etntod that tho Government ia prepared to carry out tho obligation« impoaod by the Sugar Convention of August, 1888, and that the necessary legislative enaotments aro in courso of prepara- tion ; but the German Government will only bo in a position finally to oarry out the terms of tho convention on tho understanding that full security ia provided that Migáis produood by countrieä not agreeing to tho convention ahall be excluded from Eugland, or bo treated that no injury to German sugar could arise from that (juartor. Henry Labouchere genially deacribes Goneral Lord Wolseley aa " a perfect gas- bag of Bslf concoit." There aro about 70,000 Iaca-tnaker. in Nor- mandy, and in all Franco thoro aro nearly 200,000 women engaged in thia induatry. Tho Church Aasociation has £5000 in hand wherowith to carry ou ita action against tho Bishop of Lincoln. The funda on the other aide are four times as great. 