THE NATIONAL CLUB. At tlio invitation of Mr. W. Ifaoloay, M.L.O., president of the National Club, the members of tho club proceeded by tho steamer Pearl on Saturday afternoon on a harbor excursion. After a pleasant run to tbe Avenue, Lane Cove, the company disembarked and sat down to a nbatnpajjne luncbcou, of which Mr. Cr. Battmann, of Pitt-street, was caterer. Abont 120 guests wero present, tbe host being in tho chair, with Air. Di'ob.r,M.P., on ills right. The company in. eluded the loaders of tho Opposition aud many members of the same party iu tho Assembly, with a sprinkling of members of the Upper House. After an excellent meal, tbe tonst of " The Queen" was given. The CtiAilt.MA.v expressed his pleasnre in presiding over such a large and representative body of gentlemen who were convinced, with himself, that a policy of protection was tho best for tho futuro of the country. Tho reason of tho gathering was tho cele bration of tho opening of their now club. Tho National Club, which had been successfully inaugurated, was intended not only for tho purpose of promoting social intercourse amongst its members but also for tho purpose of affording country members tho benefits of an organisation which hail hitherto not been in existence. (Applause.) Whtlo tho former of these objocts— tbo promotion of friendly fooling among gentlemen front all pnrt3 of the eotmtry holding similar political views- was an important purpose, yet it seemed to him that tho other purpose, that of educating the people upon the subject of protection, was far more important. (Applause.) Thoy knew the difficulties which they had met with at the last general election, nnd_ he hoped that tho club would be tbe medium through which any clashing might bo avoided at general elections, nnd that it would bo the moans of preventing all parties holding tho samo protectionist views opposiog each other. (Cheers.) In doiug this they might possibly 1'tnd thetnselros in rivalry with other institutions of tho samo character. lie sincerely trusted they would bo able to avoid that. The object of tho club was to enablo thom to ascer tain tho views of the electors throughout the country, and, having found them, to turn them to common advantage. He hoped the club would bo of use in that respect, and, so far as thoy had gone, they, notwithstanding many difficulties, hud been particularly successful, as evidenced by tho splendid inemborsllip before him. (Cheot'3.) Ho "thought the. change 'ill public feeling on tho subject of protection, ns seen by the result of last election, was almost miraculous. In the late Parliament tho pro tectionists did not exceed -10, but tho remit of tho last oleetion was to placci'tho party in a minority only of two. The present Government had come iu by an accidental majority, and were in power only on the sufferance of the protection ist minority. (Cheers.) Tho freetraders would not have succeeded in obtaining that very small majority if mistakes had not beon made by protectionists, such as throe protectionist candi dates appearing in tho field, and allowing the ouo froetrado candidate to slip lit. They hoped to correct such a condition of things at the next election. (Cheers.) Thoy should organise, and diffuse thoir views iu all parts of tho country. It would bo useless, however, to waste timo on somo of the other party, wbo wero actuated by selfish motives and personal advantage. lie would not dictate, but, as ho had served his time in tho Assembly for 20 years, he would rtfi'a,. orlvtrp. WIhIg as a nartv and individually they should loso no opportunity to advance protection, which really meant the best interests of tho country, yet thoro should be no endeavor to oust tho present Govern ment from office, but to tako up a determined position when tho interests of tbe country de manded it. There were times— oil ouo occasion, for instance, such as bad appeared within tho last 24 hours— when anything which would cause the slightest lisle of disunion should be avoided. It would bo injurious, aud possibly destructive to tho interests of tho party. (Cheers.) He proposed " Success to tho Protec tionist Party iu Now South Wales." (Cheers.) The toast was enthusiastically received. Mr. Dnins, M.P., said ho esteemed it a great honor to he permitted to respond ou behalf of the protectionists gathered there, for the toast so eloquently and forcibly proposed by their re spected president, whoso remarks contained a volume of good advico to protectionists generally. Tho speech was that of a man of great ability, of large experience, aud of cul-' tilled mind, and was given without any party bitterness ; and it would bo well if the protec tionists who were members took' tho advice so gracefully given and did not allow tho bitterness of 0110 uigbt destroy the efforts of years and tho mteiest of the great cause thoy had nt heart. (Cheers.) In every branch of lifo thoro must bo sacrilice if ultimato success wero to bo ob tained. In the interest of the groat cause in winch thoy ail believed, thoy must be prepared to give aud take. Ho for ouo accepted tbe advice so freely given, and hoped the younger members would also accept it. They had much reason to be proud of the position in which thoir cause stood. Twenty years ago who would have imagined that they would havo p gathering of nrotectiouists liko that in Sydney, or that lie should havo been sitting there as n protectionist. (Laughter and cheers.) There were present around him some gentlemen who were at that timo protectionists. Thoir num bers wero very few j but, all honor to them who, through "good ana evil report and against all tho ridicule and scorn' of a powerful press, held to their opinions so faithfully aud con sistently. Their chairman was ono of these, and had always been firm and consistent. (CheerB.) Their efforts wero not in vain, and many others wero now receiving what they had at first refused to accept. Tbe wbolo difficulty with regard to change of belief in this question was similar to, that observabio in other matters of belief. It was very hard to change tho faith in which they were born. In tiio matter of religion how few would stand up publicly and say that they wero converts. Hut in tho interests of their native and adopted country let them appear publicly before ttie world making a con fession of tbo past aud a profession of bettor conduct for the future. (Laughtor and cheers.) They had been forced, notwithstanding their inherited belief, into that change of opinion because they saw that the interests of tho country required it. Tho morcautilo houses, wlio lived by the spoils of importation, believed that their homes aud fortunes depcuued upon keeping up tho existing order of" things, nnd would endeavor all they could to keep monoy in their Dockets. No man more ridiculed Victoria for her protectionist policy 20 years ago than be did, and he now admitted that the Victorians wero ridiculed unfairly and iiu- proprrly. They must now follow follow the nxamplo Victoria if tlicy ever wished to see tlio supremacy of New South Wales in Anstralia. (Cheers.) At that tablo tlicy had several descendants ot tbe historical mercantile firms of New South Wales who were freetraders. They had representatives of the honorable firm of Lamb, I'arbury and Co., one of the oldest freetrade importing firms in Sydney. Ho was dclighied to say that the members of that firm .weic protectionists with ouo exception, and ho (Mr. Dibbs) bolievcd that gentleman was also comingovcr. (Laugh ter.) They had now a national press, uad if they had "had during the last election the National Club, which itad since become nil ac complished fact, they would have a protec tionist Government in power at the present time and a protectionist tariff in iorce. There were two things which protection had forced upon the country. They had a great baitlo before tlietn, and "that could only be won by securing from the people at large a full expres sion of tbeir confidence. That continence would never be obtained except by tlio mode rate action of tlio protectionist party. They had shown tlio present Government, oven in tho first moment of its existence, that the pro tectionists could keep them iu office and thnt tlicy could also turn them out. (Cheers.) But the protectionists wished to show the free traders that they had higher objects than grasping nt oSice. They had granted thom supply and had refused to oppose thom ou ro- election, and in doing so had given them far moro consideration than the conduct of the freetraders entitled them to at protec tionist bands. The froetrado press of tbo country evon had the docencv to admit their moderation, and lie auvised on protec tionist members a contimtauco of that moderation. Discipline, too, would prevent three protectionist members contesting one seat, with the result of a freetrade candidato being returned for a protectionist electorate, That was no time for a protectionist speech, as all of tlicra were protectionists. Thoy must re serve their powers and their breath to convert tbo heatlieu". (Laughter and cheers.) Thoro wore somo so heathenish in their teudoncies, and so idolatrous for thoir pockots' sako, that it would bo but lovo's labor lost tooudearor to con vert t lie m. (Lnugbtcr.) Let protectionists stump the country and speak to tho people — 76 per cent, of whom wero protectionists— and they would in due timo extinguish the frectrado majority. Ho acknowledged tlio liberality of tlieir president in entertaining them, and con sidered it a good augury for tlio success of tbo club that a man of Mr. Mnelcay'a ability, position nnd character had accepted that office. Ho hoped that soon tbey would, bo able to es tablish a propaganda that would work woll for tlio conversion of tho froetrado heathen. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr. J. Auhott, M.P., proposed tho health of their worthy chairmau. Tlioy had in liiin a very old colonist, a member of tho Mucloays, kuown since IBftil iu the colony, Scotch by birth, but a colonist of over fiOyears' standing, and a representative of tho parliamentary institutions of the country beforo tho granting of responsible government. Sinco then Mr. Mneleay had tnketi a very deep interest in the Legislature, anil had always advocated tlio cause of protection. Not only had Mr. Maclcay worked in the cause of education, but had given an oudowment worthy of the namo ho bore, and worthy of the institution upon which his liberality had been conferred. (Cheers). Tbe Oil AIUMAX thanked them for tbo kind way in which his health had been drunk. Mr. Buoha.va.v. M.L.O., proposed tlio tonst of " Tho Protectionist Members of tho present Parliament," and related how ho had had tho pleasure on ouo occasion of confuting the arguments of John Bright, who was no twopenny-halfpenny freetrader, in. Dir. Bright'e own house. (Laughter). Mr. E. BAitTON, U.L.C., responded. Nothing could bettor illustrate the sLrengtii, character and tho unity of the party than thoir gathering in a cause ut once firm, strongand conservative i as regards tho particular political principle' which they professed, and at tho samo time pro gressive and liberal with regard to other matters affecting the general good of the country. They could well afford to laugh nt tlio hyphen which joined tho title of tho libsral- freetrade party. (Laughter.) Ho was one of those who wishud they had been protectionists years ago. If ho had been lie might have been able to render more good to his country than ho had been able to accomplish. But no mau was willing to desert the principles in which lio was brought up. Brought up as he had been as an orthodox freetrader ho had uot for many years of his life looked at both sides of the question iu the samo scrutinising way anil with tho same desire to analyse that he might have looked at any other. Iiut whore men were formerly taught to generalise thoy now were taught to think. Whereas formerly they accepted dogma they had now to criticise and analyse, nnd the more thoy did so, the moro they would accept the principles of protection. (Cheers.) Their chairman had always been the foe to oppression and opponent of wrong-doing, and had regarded tho South Coast ghost as it ought to lie regarded —a bogey composed of a turnip-head illumi nated by a tallow candle. (Laughter.) Be paid a high compliment to Mr. Buchanan's abilities as a confutor, both of untrnthful wit- nossos nnd of Mr. John Bright (laughter and cheers), anilnlsoto his long and consistent advo cacy of protection. He counselled the'1 pro tectionist members in tbo Assembly on the necessity of completo'jsarty union. Ho was not a member of that House A voice: "Tou ought to ho "j, bnt bo would say to them lot no difference of opinion on a non-party question intorforo with a subjoct of moro importance than 20,000 Darling Islands. Differences of that kind must and should be sunk if they tended to retard their great cause. Thoy had been told by a great party loader thnt ho pre ferred |a majority of four to a majority of 40, but it that gentleman thought a reduction of 1)0 was of advantage, and placed him in n. happier position, ho was Biire that ut the next general election tho protectionists would nssist that loader iu making still further reductions. Laughter.) In fuct, ho believed ut the next genorul election the present accidental majority would be extinguished nnd a protectionist majority returned. (Cheers.) Mr. Ly.nu, M.F., said that the speech of Mr. Barton wub sufficient answer to the toast. It was a sufficient answer to the declamation hurled nt tho protectionist side of tho House by > the present and the formcrjPnrkcs Governments. ' He thought a little too much had been mado of , the uufortunatc occurrences of tho last 24 hours ; but ho hoped they would permit him to say something in reference to them, and in reference to tbo position of members of tho Opposition ns a party, and n portion of tho party to the protectionist party ns a whole. They must all admit that if they were to split np amongst themselves, in the House or out of the House, there was little chance of accom plishing the cud they had nt heart. The accom plishment of that end would be very far off indeed if they were to split up amongst them selves, nnd no one would urge tbeir party to work hand in hand as a solid body more than himself. Thoy had every condition of men and of feeling on the Opposition side of tho Honse, and what applied to the members of tho Oppo sition generally applied tenfold more to tho leaders of the Opposition, and if any disagree- ment occurred it was the duty of the leaders of the Opposition to content it, He hoped they would cement it, nnd not allow tho cohesion oi tho party to be dissevered. The rank and file must look to the leaders for guidance in every act they took to attain tbe consummation which thoy wished, and iu him - they would not find one who would help to delay that end. Thoir cause was gaining ground every day. The Victorian population. . was 10,000 ahead of that of New South Wales, and this and the other evidences of national prosperity were principally,attrlbutable touthe . policy followed there for tho last 20 years. They must work hard, in view of the general election thnt must come within a few months, to combat the efforts of tho freetraders, and the people shonld he educated on the qucstiou by the porsonal efforts of protectionists. If thoy did not so work they would fiud them selves in no better position than they were at last election. Mr. L. Heydox, in response to calls, spoke . hopefully of the prospects of protection. Mr. J o i: X Lucas, M.L.C., in proposing the toast of "Protectionists out of Pnrliameut," referred to his advocacy of protection and of his endeavors to introduce the thin end of tho wedge. (Laughtor.) Mr. FonsTTll having replied, tho toast of. " Tho Press" was proposed hy Mr. Jontr Young and duly acknowledged. 