Dr. Jefferis on Spiritualism. AT the Pitt-street Congregational Church on Mon- day the Bev. Dr. Jefferis, in continuation of his course of lectures on "Theisms that haunt us," delivered a lecture on " Spiritualism." During the course of his remarkB he referred to the wave of excitement which some years ago passed over Australia on the subject. One of the trance mediums had confessed without a blush that the seances were a fraud, and since then spiritualism had declined and not yet suffered a recovery. Whether it would ever recover its former influence in_Australia remained to be seen. The belief in spiritualism was very prevalent in America. Hapworth Dixon some years ago graphically related the rappings and other manifestations of the alleged spirits heard and seen at the dark séances, and said that the believers in this 'ism had all the machinery of the most promising societies. Three million of adherents were claimed by the leaders of spiritualism in the United States. In Boston recently a temple had been built which cost 50,000 dollars. Were the tenets of spiritualism antagon- istic to Christianity? Some claimed for it the position of an aid to Christianity and that spirit- ualists had come to the aid of it, as Blucher came to the aid of the English at the battle of Waterloo when the result of the issue was doubtful. The American Spiritualistic Association claimed to be an authoritative exponent of the views of the many, and said that its aim was to teach truth, to maintain high ideals of life and to seek spiritual comfort of the highest character. These were noble ideas so far as words went. But it proceeded further, and put morality before faith, and claimed that spiritualism assimilated to itself everything that was good in all religions. But people were apt to distrust men who claimed for their brand new religion that it was the religion of humanity and for taking credit to itself for all that was good. One main feature of the system was the prominence of gifted and privileged followers called mediums, each of whom said the words put by Shakspeare into the mouth of Glendower, " I can call spirits from the vasty deep." There were evidently mediums in that time, and in this day many are inclined to say, with Hotspur, " Ay, but if thou call'st will they come to thee ?" One of the fund- amental doctrines of Christianity was the resurrec- tion of the Lord Jesus Christ. The controversy between Christianity and spiritualism was whether the Lord of life and death, the Father of Spirits, allowed communication at will with those who had gone to the other world. The belief in spirits, in ghosts, in goblins, in chimeras dire had been handed down from the time of the ancients. The Romans had their sybils and their soothsayers who professed to look into the future and commune with the shades of ancestors. In these modern times a race of sybils and oracles had arisen who taught that in addition to the terrible and malefic spirits believed in the past, there were spirits of a benevolent kind who could be communicated with when the conditions were favourable. The rab- binical Hebrews were grossly superstitious, and later on, in the middle ages, came swarms of friars who promised to secure, by the selling of indulg- ences, better conditions for the faithful departed. Later on the belief in witchcraft became terribly prevalent both in England and the Continent. The modern necromancer indulged in dark séances, where rappings were heard, and though there were no incantations or magic circles there were fervent appeals to the spirits of the air in the hearing of trembling visitors. According to the rules of the spiritual circle a dry, warm atmosphere was favorable to the activity of the spirits, together with the comfortable seating of the visitors. They could communicate with the Queen of Sheba, the shade of Shakespeare or Captain Cook, or their ancestor who came over with the Conquerer to the battle of Hastings. Rapping was the favorite medium of communication with spirits, and if the visitors were on good terms with them they would write upon slates. Some of them were of a play- ful disposition, like the Melbourne students, and some of them were given to perjury, forgery and such-like crimes. Sometimes they were seen, and appeared to the visitors of a white waxy com- plexion. One gentleman had written to him about having seen a simulacrum of his deceased grand- mother, and a bit of the lace from her cap had been pressed into his hand. This he placed in a drawer, and after it had been there a month he went to see it, but found it had gone. Life was too short for indulgence in these ideas. He had some- thing too real to do in life to inquire if this 'ism was an aid to Christianity or not. A manual of conjuring and a study of mesmerism might throw some light on the subject. Let them walk in the light and not in the darkness, and follow what was a good report, and they would then be guided aright in the path of life to the land where were i the spirits of just men made perfect. -Daily lviegrapn. 