THE" BELLS OF ST. PAUL'S. ,';BY WALTER BESANT, Avrao?. or Dorothy Forster, the Ckatlaix or.THS Flekt, Here Pacmjs, &c.; CV-- part ii. CaArrza'TL— Ax Ixterbltted Ramble.. The walk throngli i oc-t and riayer nana was followed by many others, Althea always being guide. In this way the young man whom she conducted — never had colonial visitor so splendid a chance !— learned to surround mean and squalid tplace3 with the halo of history and romaace. "Tliey rcmsin meAn 3nd squalid still ; bat just as Bank Side itself was made glorions by the setting sun and by the'goddess who came down the river in the golden mist, so the narrow lane3 in which they wandered are clothed. in his mind, with the memories of the past. Kay, when be still think3of them, he sees the grace ful Sgure of the girl, he watches her earnest face, he feels again the look of her steadfast eyes, he heara her voice swect'arid low. Where the crowded streets cover, what was once the splendid Abbey of Bcrmondsey ; where Lambeth Palace stands beside the river; where were once Cupid's Gardens ; where the ships stick their bowsprits across the streets of P-otherhithe ; by the lake of South wark Park; yea, and across the river in the heart of London City, the girl i3 with him, rapt and serious, recalling things that' have been. It is a time which be will not reads' v forget. How should he forget the hap piest time in his life— the time when, for the first time in his life, he first began to feel that henceforth life wonld be impossible without this girl ? A man may suffer from such an attack and recover from it ; and again he may suffer and again reoover— nay, there are men who have it like a quartan fever ; bnt the first experience is the most severe and the most delightful. Such worship a young man brings to one woman only. Of which more anon. These rambles mu3t remain unchronicled. Can we not mate them out for ourselves from the London books ? " Bat one' day, a fortnight or so after the fir3t walk they proposed to . travel all through an afternoon; from west to east, from Puddle Dock to Tower Hill, from one end to the other of Thames-street. It was an ambitions programme, because the history of London might almost be written in Thames-street- alone, Yet they at tempted it, and, but for an unexpected interrup tion; they would have carried it through. It v. a3 again, a3 in their first walk, a Saturday afternoon. On other afternoons the street is filled with noise ; its cranes in the npper stories are always laboring, creaking and groaning as they lift or lower the bales ; the sky is darkened with these big bales as they swing and threaten over the' headaof the passengers ; there is a bawling from Billingsgate which can be heard afar off ; waggons lumber along and block the road ; clerks hasten up and down ; porters lean against posts and converse loudly, not without frequent use of the decorative word which adorns their speech. But on Saturday there is a holy calm. If it is a bright afiernoon the sunshine on the tall warehouses make3 them look like fortre33es or Italian Palarri. One would rather walk down Thame3-street than the High of Oxford, or the Canebiere of Marseilles; or the Eue St. Honore. It is not in the least, picturesque, yet the names which re main cany the memory back ; the succession of churches; though broken here and there by modern barbarians, marks the piety of . London merchants ; the narrow courts still lead to the old "staira,-. and the. two ancient . port3 of Queenhitheand Billingsgate can still be seen. The sunshine fell upon the street this after noon a3 they stood at the west end of it in Printing House-square. " Youare going to teach me history again," said Laurence. '-Shall we become ghosts onco more?" . "If you like," she replied. "But there is a great deal' more history here than I can teach you in a single afternoon.' Come." Then she began to talk. London began in Thames-street, where two little hillocks with a brook between rose above the river, on either side a swamp.- When the hillocks were covered and still there was not. room enough for the trade wTiich- continued to grow, they built a river wall and more houses behind it ; arid then they constructed these ports, and as they grew richer they began to build stately houses npon the river wall ; at one end Baynard's Castle and at the other the Tower; in the midst Cold .Harbor and the King's Steelyard. Here lived the Hanse merchants ; here were tlio Halls of City Companies ; in the streets leading up the hill at the back stood many a noble mansion in its courtyard, full of precious carvings, rich tapestry and caskets from foreign parts ; along the street was a succession of noble churches, each witli its monuments and tombs, its vaults and its okurcliyard filled with the bones of dead citizens. - - "Do you see the dead citizens walking in the streets?.' asked Laurence. "Sometimes, "she replied, with a littlo blush. "On Sunday morning, when there has been no one in the street but myself, I have met Sir Richard Wliittington, tall and thin, grey- bearded, with a chain of esses round his neck and a black velvet coat over his silk doublet. He is a very stately figure; he carries him- selt with dignity, and in his face there is authority.1; Then Althea led her scholar down the narrow courts to, the river side, and up the streets which lead, to the .higher, part ; she showed him the . churche.3 and the places \vhere the churches had been ; WliUtington's College and the place where his bones are lying still ; the Companies' Halls ; the port of Queenhithe, which still preserves its anoieut form though the buildings round it are modern ; tlie , great houses still .'standing and the ancient stairs and wlmrves— she was filled to overflowing with the history of the whole. yet no morq.tliaij half tva)' viSWlS, street occurred the "inter ruption, whioh- Las been promised. Althea stopped at' the corner, of :a street lcadin" north. - A little way up the street there was a cliuroli tower set a little baok, and, projecting from its face, a great" clook reaching halfway , across the street, with a curious littlo figure upon it.- This; church led to tho unexpected event which .changed the nspeot and tho memory of that walk. ' This is the church of St, Leonard leSize " she said. "I wonder if you would like to see it? There. is not a great deal to see, but tho wood carvings are fine, and it is Armt Cornelia's clmroii. . She is always there." " Aunt Cornelia's church ! My brain reels. Is she the rector, or tho vioar, or perhaps the curate only ?" Althea laughed. " Why," she said, " Aunt Cornelia is the p»w opener ami caretaker." " Oil !" Hls face fell. The drop from rector or vicar— at one time lie had even thoughts of bishop or archdeacon— to caretaker and pew- opener wa3 sudden and overwhelming. His cousin too ! He would have greatly preferred hearing that she was the incumbent of the living. " Her husband was sexton of the church, and so she got the place. Mr. Waller, I thought you knew that at- Bank Side we are 3ll humble people. What else could yon expect ?" " I have found, Mis3 Indagine, what no one would have expected." "You mean that you have found my father." He did not exactly mean that, but the girl said it in the most perfect innocence and without any consciousness of what another girl would have seen at once. Therefore he accepted the interpretation. "Whynota pew opener ?" he replied. "Pew3 must be opened. It is a part of the Church BitnaL Where there are pew3 there must be pew openers. In the early church— but I forget the Greek for pew opener— — " Then a carious arithmetical problem aro3e in his brain and took the form of a sum in Kale of Three : " If a pew opener be described as in the church, what may be the limits of the higher branch ?" Bnt he reserved the solution of this problem for a fitting opportunity. " Come and sec the church," said Althea, " and Aunt Cornelia in it." - " Why do yon call her aunt ? Yon are no re lation of the Cottles, are you ?" " Ko, indeed. But I have known Cassie and Flavia all my life, and so, 'you see,' I have got into the way. Here is the porch." She would have led the way into the chnrch, but stopped and drew back. " Oh she said. "Here is that poor creature again." From the church .within there were heard voices ; first, a hard measured voice, speaking with precision, and 03 the words were harsh, they seemed to fall like hammers. The other a eoft and gentle voice, replying humbly. "You dare to stand there and tell me that yon have dusted and swept the whole church — the whole chnrch — in this short time?" " Ye3." "Yon've forgotten the organ loft." ' I have not forgotten anything." "Then there was never any money so easily earned. I wonder yon are not ashamed to take it. Here's your shilling. Take it and go. A shilling, indeed ! More than half of it is charity. Doa't let me see your face again till Saturday next. Well — why don't you go? What are you stopping for ?" "I owe for three weeks' rent — seven and sir- pence. Where am I to find seven and sixpence ? All this week I have only earned three and eiglitpcnce, counting this shilling. Three shil lings, and eightpence ! Three and .eightpence ! Think of trying to live on three and eightpence for a whole week ! When I've paid one week's rent, there is one and twopence left for food." "You have got what you deserved to get. You have made your bed. Kow lie upon it." " Oh 1 Cornelia, have yon no pity ? " You are a disgrace to the family. Pity ? Don't I give yon a shilling a week? Isn't tbat Christian forgiveness?" " Let me go and ask Claudia." "Ko. You shall not trouble Clandia. Ifyou venture to trouble Claudia or Lucius it shall be the worae for you. Get work; It is all you can do. Go away, I say, and look for work. The woman came out, walking slowly and with bent figure. She was no longer young, bnt her face was still sweet and must once have been beantifnL Now it -was pinched with pri vation and heavy with trouble. She was very- poorly dressed ; in a black gown with some kind of jacket mournful in decay and a very battered bonnet. Althea ran to meet her, taking lier by both hands, the tears in her eye3. "Oh,"she said, "IheardalL Why — why — did you not come to tell me? I might have done something," She won't let me. I am never to go on the other side at all for fear I should meet Claudia and Lucius or be recognised by the children. Oh ! as if my own mother wonld recognise mo now — let alone the children, who have never seen me !" " Then I will come to you since you must not come to me. I cannot pay your rent for you because I have no money at all— no— not a shilling in the world. But we can talk and perhaps we shall find out a way somehow. Good-bye. Go home straight. I will come to you presently." The poor woman walked slowly away. Lau rence looked on wondering, not knowing what this might mean. Then Althea joined him again with the manner of one who wished tho late incident to be regarded as closed. "Come," she said. "Let as go into the church." They found Aunt Cornelia sitting in an arm chair in the ante-chamber, Galilee or Pronaos — a large and comfortable room beautifully wain scoted with mahogany, now 200 years old and more, and black, but lustrous. There was a religious obscurity in the place. The pew opener's cliair was outside the doors of tho ohurch, and if Aunt Cornelia had been forming part of a grand concerted piece with 1000 eyes upon her she could not have sat with greater solemnity. As for the admonition she liad just bestowed upon her humble sister, that had left no ripple upon tho serenity of her face. She sat with her hands in her lap, bolt upright, as one who knows her dignity. She was an officer of the church, which with its pews, prayer books, bibles, hassocks, curtains, cushions, beadle's mace, its tablets, its vestry, its cup board with the sacramental plate, and its registers, was all under her care. It has been observed concerning ladies of this profession, that whereas most women find repose impossible and must still be at work with needle orlcnitting, unless they are talking, reading, slionnimr. or at the theatre, pew openers are gifted with the power of sitting still without doing anything at all; and of sitting alone and in silence. They are, to be sure, generally old ; they have, thanks to their office, no anxiety about tlie daily bread ; their season of love and its alarms is over long ago; they arc at rest ; tho calm of the church has entered into their souls ; they desire 110 physical activity. .Sailors of the old school, accustomed to long spells of calm and- to long houre of idle watch witli tho trade wind blowing steady and not a sail to change, used to arrive at a similar restfuhiess of soul, Cornelia looked lip as they entered from the porch. She recognised thorn with a smile of welcome, or perhaps of pride. Thus to be sur prised by her lodger in the full discharge of her official duties was gratifying. There should every zealous servant be discovered. "Aiint Cornelia," said Althea, " I have brought Mr. Waller to see the church." "I will show him the church," slio said, rising. "I dreamed last night I was chopping wood. It is a sure sign of a stranger." She opened tho door and led the way into the ohurch within. Tho round headed windows were filled with modern pointed glass ; there was a good deal of gilding about the Fast, over the altar hung a great painting ; tile pulpit and reading desk, organ gallery, and wherever room could bo found for it, were covered with wood carvings of fruit and flowers. On the walls, be tween the windows, hung tablets tothemcmory of dead parishioners. It is a very- ancient parish; thousands of good citizens lie buried in its vaults; but the first fire burned the ashes of all who were there when it flamed through the ohurch and changed the stone carvings, and the splendid tombs into lime and powder. Half a dozen Lord Mayors, at least, lie here ; and heaven only knows how many alderman, common coaacilm.en, and ancient masters of the city company which comes here every year on its high day. " ' Cornelia displayed the treasures of the church wiihthe'air — few pew openers or vergers achieve it—of a lady showing her own pictnre galleiy or library.-. ; She -was at once modest and proud. Laurence followed her, admiring mechanically. Indeed, there are many churches in London city tnori interesting that that of St. Leonard .le Size, and it w.13 not conceived in Wren's happie3t-'mood. The young man was ; thinking of his -cicerone. Cornelia was in the church. .For a lady to be in the church means this humble position ! Heavens ! And his mother — re membering this little prim figure with the big headland the smooth black hair plastered flat to the sides and brought up behind the car — could still believe that her cousins represented the higher school of mariners. His mother, the most gracious, the best mannered lady in the colony ! And who was the disgrace to her family ? Cornelia led them-back into the porch. Lau rence thought they had seen everything. But she took out a candlestick from some secret recess and lit the candle in it, saying, severely, You must see the body before you go." The body ! "Was there, then, going be an in- qoest? Perhaps ; for at the appearance of the candlestick Althea fled. \- Cornelia found a key upon her bunch and un locked one of the "mahogany panels which differed in- no respect -from the "others, save that it had a keyhole, invisible, except by the light of a candle. "When the panel was opened itdis- closed, behind a sheet of glass 6 feet high, a dried up body standing bolt upright, its head a little bent and it3 eyelids cast down, a3 if ashamed of being Been in such a withered, naked, helpless, imprisoned condition, its flesh long since shrivelled and dead, the 3kin clinging tight to the bones, its cheeks fallen in, it3 lips, thin and white, drawn tightly over the projecting teeth. " Good heavens cried Laurence. " What are you going to do with a mummy ?" " He was found," said Cornelia, changing the position of the candle so as to bring out the best points of the body, "in the vaults when they were examined before bricking tlicm up for good. The other corpses were gone to bones and dust, but this one, you see, was somehow preserved. He dried up. Because it was a curious thing they brought him up and made a cupboard for him behind the wainscoting. A beautiful body he is, to be sure. Six feet high he must have been with a very fine leg of his own, they tell me. And there's an arm for you !" The shrivelled limb with the skin tight to the bone hiing at his side. ' "There's a breadth of shoulder. I wonder sometimes who he was ; not a common Eerson to be buried in the vaults. Perhaps a ord Major or the master of a company. He's worn a gold chain in his time and sat in a chair of office. Well," she sighed, holding the candle before the bent head still covered with lank hair, "I dare say his eyes were young once, like yours, young man.". Laurence shuddered. " As he is mow, so shalt thou be. Then go away and think of me. He is company for me while I am sitting alone here, especially in the dusk. I think there's two of us in the church to look after it — him and me. Many a time I light the candle and unlock the panel just to look at him and give him a little light. Little do the people think when they come here of a Sunday — they do come— sometimes I counted as many as 13 at service, all at once— I say — little do they think what is behind the wainscot. Sometimes I long to open the door and show them what we've got here. You're a beauty, you are !" She bobbed the candle up and down so that the light produced the appearance of what we call play of feature — and it was very ghastly. " As he is now, so shall they be. Then let them go and think of —he." She stroked the glns3 with her hand and tenderly, patted- it as if she were patting the check of the body in order to cheer and comfort him in his long imprisonment. Then she sighed regretfully, as one who laments that friends must part, blew out the candle, and locked the paneL There wa3 nothing more to show. Slie had done her duty. She retired to lier choir and resumed her seat, her lips pursed, her hands crossed in her lap, as if tho interview were over and she must now be left to continue her silent watch over the empty church with her brother guardian the Body. Laurence left her sitting watchful- and silent in this place of shadows. Without, lie found Althea waiting for him, clothed with sunshine. Within, age, Bhadow, silcnco and death presented in its most hideous form. Without, youth and light, 3unsUine and beauty. "Do you know," he asked, "this dreadful thing that they have got there ? " " I saw it once," she replied shnddoring. "And she sits there all day with that awful Body close beside her? " " All day long and every day. The church is always open and no one ever goe3 into it. She is always alone. She likes the Body. HubIi ! Cassie once found her sitting in front of the open panel with two candles, and she was talking to the Body. " "I should not be suprised to learn that on dark days the Body walked out of the cupboard and took n turn in the vaults below. But that she should sit and talk to it— 1 wonder what the Body talks about. However, it fully accounts for Aunt Cornelia's pale face." " Shall we go on with Thames Street? " "Not to-day, if you will allow me. Aunt Cornelia 1ms put me off the antiquities of Thames Street. Sometimes— don't you think so?— the Living are more interesting than the Dead. She sits in the dark empty church all .WW .. ucuuiu u glass. And she blows tip the unfortunate Disgrace to the Family— tho Family ! " Ho remembered suddenly that it was his own. "Who is she? You know her. Who is the Disgrace, and what is her name ? " " I have seen her here and I have gone to her lodgings with her. Sho is horribly, dreadfully poor. That is all I know about her. She docs not like to talk about herself, but I am sure sho is in some way connected with the Cottles." "Curious! She reminded me— but that is absurd. The longer I stay in Bank Side, Miss Indngir.e, the more Interesting tho placo be comes. Think how great must be the dignity of the Cottles since it will not suffer the Dis grace to bo within walking distance. The Dis grace! Sho interests me greatly. May I be permitted— will you Buffer mc— to pay tho poor tiling's arrears of rent for iter? Thank you very much. This poor Disgrace ! Thank you very much. I have had a most delightful after- 110011\. Everything was new to mo. Cornelia's cliuroli ; and the Disgrace ; and the Body— I do liopo the Body enjoyed tho little change of having his panel opened. You will tell me, won't you, Miss Indagine ? — about the Disgrace. Do not, please— I intrcat you— do not let her want. Did you notioo what a soft voice sho had and wiiat a sweet face? She reminded me Bomeliow— sho rnado mo think— of my own mother." ' 