A Spiritutlistic Mani festation. ' (Truth.) 'This is your place, Desmond,' said Fossyle pointing to a chair near him, at the head of the table. 'The chair opposite we have reserved for the guest of the evening, the lady in black. You have brought her in, no doubt. She is present, you know,' Fossyle smiled knowingly at the as semblage, 'though not visible to the eyes of the uninitiated.' 'May we consider ourselves intro duced? Let us bow to the chair.' These and similar remar'ks went merrily round. The laughter and jests acted as a slight tonic on Des mnond's nerves. In a short time he found himself able to force a laugh or two. 'Fill up your glasses; fill yours, Desmond!' said Fossyle. 'I'll give the toast of the evening-' The occu pant of the vacant chair I The invisi ble guest! The lady in black!' 'Here's to her health,' said Des .nond, with a desperate effort at gaiety. Lifting his glass, his eyes, like all' the others, turned to the end of the table. ' My G-d ! ' burst from him; the glass almost fell from his hand; he started back, half-rising from his seat. 'Who has done this?' he cried. There, at the end of the table, in the chair which had been vacant, sat the lady in black, her staring eyes fixed on him, her white face contorted into a ghastly smile ! ' Who has done this ? ' he repeated, hoarsely. 'Bravo! Bravo ! Magnificent ! Irving out done ! The ghost scene in lMacbeth! Splendid!' came from all sided. 'Hush! hush!' Fossyle interposed, amidst the uproar. 'The joke is going too far. We have had enough, Desmond.' ' Colonel,' said Spicer from the other side, in a low tone of expostu lation, 'Their Excellencies have just come into the room.' 'There, there at the end of the table! It is a trick,' cried Desmond, wildly. 'You see her ! ' 'Old fellow, are you mad ?' ad 2nonished Fossyle. 'The whole room is looking at you.' 'By Jove! the joke has gone far enough. It must be put a stop to.' Spicer rose, and stooping forward in hurried consultation with Fossyle, for a moment, shut out from Desmond's view the end of the table. ' One of you fellows,' he called out, resuming his seat, ' take that empty chair. We must end this. Their Excellencies will be furious. For hewven's sake, Desmond, let the joke atop here.' 'Joko! Would to heaven it were one ! ' The wretched Desmond sank shuddering in his chair. 'Oh, if the others only knew! ' Their light-hearted unconsciousness of the presence of the ghastly spectre made it all the more appalling. Des mnond's eyes fearfully sought the end of the table, after their momentary withdrawal. A start, a stare, a smothered exclamation! He rubbed his forehead. The lady in black was gone! In her place the simpering face of young Twemlow alone met his gaze. Desmond gave a deep sigh of relief; he wiped the drops of horror from his brow. Thank Heavens ! they had thought it a joke. Let them chaff; he would keep up appearances now. Like Macbeth after Banquo's exit, he was a man again. 'Don't you think that you owe us an explanation?' Fossyle inquired in a little time, when the chaff was beginning to subside. ' WeVo have had the joke, and now for the point. Who is the lady in black, Desmond ?' 'Yes, yes, who is she? Who is she ?' came the chorus on all sides. 'Where's your discretion?' said Desmond, making a desperate effort at gaiety. ' A man of your experi ence, Fossyle, to ask such .a ques tion!' 'I have an inspiration. I see the joke,' cried out Spicer, suddenly. 'She's Mrs. - Whant's-her-namo, whom all the row was about.' 'She is --sho is,' shouted the chorus. 'Well done, Soicer.. Well guessed. Mrs. MacDermot ! ' ' Ho has rapped her up,' cried one. 'She couldn't refuse ois invitation,' added another. 'It was a com mand.' A ghastly contortion did duty for a smile on Desmond's face. How awful the unsuspecting way in which they touched on the fearful truth. Oh, if they could only know ! Accursed the ambition which had led him to covet the power of seeing things in visible to other eyes; thrice accursed the hour in which he had attained it! ' So, you fellows see it now, at last ! Ha! ha!' The unhappy Desmond forced a laugh. 'And now that the murder is out, we have done with her for the evening,' said Fossyle. ' Not till we toast her again, in her own name,'interposed Spicer. 'Now, Colonel. ohnce again fill up.' ' By Jove ! I won't monopolise her place any longer.' And Twemlow jumped up, laughing, and resumed his former seat, leaving the chair at the end of the table vacant again. 'Now, gentlemen, fill up,' said Spicer. 'To the spirit world in general, the black lady in particular, and our next merry meeting.' All bowed towards the end of the ttble. Desmond's tooth chatteere', his trembling hans could hardly hold the glass. Would that she were hero,' he managed to gasp out, bowinglikewise and raising his glass. He lifted his eyes; there was a loud exclamation, and then a crashing of glass on the floor. The Colonel had started to his feet, his chair was violently pushed back, his eyes glared wildly. T:he Iord Lieutenanlit and his party, and indeed every one in the room, turned round to stare at the wretched Desmnond. What did he care? A frantic terror dominated him, shutting out all other feeling. There at the end of the table again sat the grue some spectre! She had a glass in her hand this time, and her eyes were fixed on him, as she bowed acknow ledgment to the toast. Their terrible expression! That smile of secret understanding and ghastly suggestion! She was rising in her chnir. Good Heavens! was she advancilg towards him? A wild cry broke from Des mond, his chair was flung to the ground; in an instant he had turned round and was tearing madly through the room, making for the door, un conscious of every one and everything in his terror. He looked neither to the right nor to the left, chairs were overturned, plates and glasses crashed from the tables as his portly form swept by. Never had a more extra ordinary sight been witnessed within the walls of Dublin Castle, than the elderly official's flight from the supper room. With a loud slam of the door he disappeared from view. A simultaneous roar of laughter burst from the whole room, and all eyes turntd in the same direction, to the middle table. There sat the lady in black still! And now visible, it was evident, to all eyes! Thrown back in her chair, as every one crowded around her, peal after peal of laughter came from her lips-in the well-known tones of Lord Blarney! 'I don't believe that I ever worked a better practical joke,' said Blarney that night in the smoking-room, with the convinced air of a connoisseur. 'You fellows backed me up splendidly. I'll take my oath His Ex. won't have to complain again. The lesson will last Desmond all his life, even though her Excellency-bless these women's soft hearts-insists on having the secret let out to him. By Jove, I shall never forget his face! It was awful at the end.' The lesson did have a lasting effect. Desmond never forgot the experience of that evening. The fancied attain ment of his spiritualistic aspirations was also their death-blow. He was never known to attend another sdanco. 