THE STORYTELLER. THE naHT AT BOORARA. A TALE OF THE NORTHERN TJiRRITORY. Bx M.GL CHAPTER VIIL " SAVED." It was evident that the blacks had gone, and the danger waa over for the time being. The sun sank slowly in the west, and set behind the distant ranges, and darkneBS fell swiftly on the land. Behind the houBe the glowing fires still smouldered, and a gentle breeze sprang up with the darkness, which stirred them into life£gain, and fanned with its cool breath the faces of the weary little band that had held out so gallantly all day long. By the candle-light they looked in one another's faces, white, worn, anxious, and shook hAnc?8 as people who had experienced a great deliverance.. " Jack," Baid Edith, drawing Henniker into the dining-room, " Jack, my dearest, are we safe ?" " Yes, I think so," he said. " The troopers nre sure to be here in the morning, even if the blackfellows haven't had enough of it, as I believe they have." " Oh ! Jack, Jack 1" she put her trembling hands on his . arm, and then, dropping on her knees, sobbed, " Thank God, thank God!"; _ For a moment he paused, and thetT knelt down beside her. "Amen," he Baid, " Amen. Oh ! Edie, and I never thought of that." "My darling," she said, rising; "my darling, to think how nearly 1 lost you. What (should I have done ? What should I have done 1; Oh ! and your clothes are all (saturated with blood, and your face is as white as a ghost, I'm sure that wound is paining you. See, now it's your turn to sit in the arm-chair, and I will get some water and bathe it." She brought a basin of water, and, cntting away bis ehirt, gently sponged the raw and gaping wound. It looked very terrible, and was evidently very painiul, for, try as he would, Henniker could not help shrinking as she touched it "It doesn't hurt so much. It doesn't indeed. It's only raw and makes me wince. And it s worth it, my deareBt, just to have your dear hands bind it up so tenderly" 1 Edith bent down aud kieBed him, bit she was eo weary and Bhaken she could hardly speak without tears. "Oh'Jack, Jack, and youcaiebt have been killed ; you might have been killed, and then I should have died too, I know I should." Carr and his wife came in and found them. ... "What, crying, Edie?" said Bessie, showing a strong disposition to join her. " Oh, Edie, this will never do ! What conduct for a nurse." ,, , . "There, there," said Carr; she is worn out, and no wonder. It has been a terrible day, to say nothing of her performance laBt night. Are you very bad, Jack I" "No, no, just n little Btiff and sore. Its really nothing, only Edie here is BO good to me," and he put his handon her Bhoulder a^ she knelt beside his chair. "Hows Kent 8 arm ?" "A good deal inflamed, poor fellow. Yon see he's been using it nil day. He b a plucky boy ; I hope it'll do him no harm. I shall send him to bed to-night. Can you help us, or will.you rest too?" "Help, of course, and that only makes five of us whites now poor old EdwardeS is gone. We must load some more cartridges, too. - I see they are pietty near out" "We can help you keep watch and load cartridges," Cried Bessie and Edith, both to gether. " Indeed, you will do no such thing, i on are both going to bed. We will keep watch two hours at a time, BO it won't be hard, on anyone; and as for _ the cartridges, those valiant men of war. Hin Lee and his cousins, are going to add to their laurelB by loading them. Now then, be off with you to bed, and take those babies with you." Edith looked across at Henniker. ? . "One moment," he Baid, "one moment." Edith hasn't finished binding me up; and I say Carr, old chap, you'll h^Ve m i<»n<I me some clean things." '?All right; you'll find all yon want in my room. Come along, Bessie. There, _ I give you two five minutes to say good night in, and then send Edie to bed, Jaw, like a good fellow ; she's as white as a sheet." When the moon rose, two hoars later, over the forest, the whole household was wrapped in slumber, only Edith turning uneasily on her improvised bed in the children's nursery, between Bleeping and waking, heard the tramp of the solitary sentry as he marched up and down the verandah, and the mono tonous tap, tap of the unfortunate celestial whose turn it was to load cartridges. Hound her were the little boys, sleeping peacefully ! the calm dreamless sleep of childhood; and j in the next room she could hear the wounded man tossing and turning, and moaning in his sleep, and her thoughts llew to the old shep herd who was lying wrapped in his last, long j sleep-the sleep from which there is no j waking. She got out of bed, and Btole across the room in her long white nightgown, her bare feet making no noise on the Indian mattine. Peeping through the shutter, she saw Henniker'a tall figure marching up and down, his rifle across fais shoulder. The! moonlight gleamed on the barrel, and just caught the pistols at his belt. An owl hooted from the peach tree oppo site, and he paused a moment just in front of her to listen. " God bless my Jack !" she murmured. "Jack! Jack !" she called softly; but he had resumed his march, and did not hear, and she crept back to bed and to sleep again. Long before dawn Bessie came in and wakened her cousin. "Get up quickly, dear," she stud, "and help me get some breakfast I don't like to ask the Chinamen ; they've been taking it in turns to load cartridges all night, poor things." By the time the men were up the women managed to set a pretty decent breakfast be lore them. "Wal, Carr, my iriend," was Hunter's greeting, "air those troopers here yet?" " My dear fellow, give them time. Remem ber Cleveland had fifty miles to ride before he reached U'Intyre's, and the troopers were twenty miles beyond that. He could not possibly reach M'Intyre's before six in the morning. It would be eight before the in spector could hear of our need. If they make a bee line across country it's ninety miles from the Bungwhat Lagoon here as the crow (lies. No, I don't think that they conla get further than the Big Tree last night, and they will be here about eight or nine. Really, I don't see they could do more." j "Oh Lord! then there'll be time for another fight" "Exactly." " Lordy, Lordy ! and one man air dead as a door nail, and two others air hurt How air you this morning ?" turning to Henniker. " Pretty fitiff, I guess, eh ?" "Ob, I'm all right," moving his arm with a care that belied his words;" but poor Kent's wonnd is very much inflamed. However, I daresay he'll be able to hold out till assist ance comes." " And if thoBe devils come on. as I'm afraid they will," said Watkins, " it it take us all we know to do that, bat it s no good croak ing." Whatever hopes Henniker may have bad that they had seen the last of their enemies were soon dissipated, for a very short while alter the son rose the paddock round the house was swarming with blackfellows bent on avenging their losses of the day before. Cart's little garrison, spite of their night's rest, were tired (and dispirited, and out of the seven white men one was dead and two wounded, and though not dangerously, still it was evident itSftw only with pain and dif ficulty they used their rifles at all. Ab for the Chinamen, ithev seemed to1, think their labours of the dfy before had (covered them with sufficient glory to last a' lite-time, and they displayed * strong desire to crouch in corners and hide underneath ibeds, whence they were summarily ejected the forcible application of Carr's boot " D the cowardly brutes,!" said he as Hin Lee slid gracefully across the smooth boards of the nhrsery. "They,!wan't a jolly good biding, and they'd get it too if I only had time to spare. Old fefioW," to Henniker, "I'm sorry for yon, but I hope it won't be for long." i "s. "Iam all right I tell yon, Carr; don't worry about me. Once the atiffneBS wears off I don't suppose I'll feel any pain. I'm sorry lor that boy_Kent, though. He's bound to have a bad time; but there, as you Bay, it can't last lonfc" H V Bal® Carr, in a hoarse whisper; the next two hours will decide it one way or another. We can't possibly hold oat long if the blacks come on as they did last night. Jack, my friend, you'll look after Edie ?" The other nodded, and wrung his out stretched hand. Then the two joined the others, and took up their stations in much the same order aB yesterday. It was a hard struggle, and a terribly monotonous one. The events of the day before repeated them-, selves, only with this difference, the blacks gained ground perceptibly. They came on again and again. They changed their tactics, and attacked'on all sideB, and whenever one fell-apd many did /all to the rifles of those who were fighting for their lives and the lives of those who were dearest to them others sprang into his place, and they came on by tens and twenties. It was impossible to guard all sides, and at last fully twenty had established themselves on the verandah and the crash of broken glasB told Carr they were seeking an entrance through the bar ricaded doors. Momentarily he expected the place to burst into flames. He looked into the faces of hiB companions and saw despair written on every one. The white men still continued to discharge their rifles, but the Celestials had long ago given in. Two were lying flat on their stomachs, howling dismally, while.the third, Wong Lee, the nurse, waa sitting on his haunches, slowly rocking little Geoirgife Carr backwards and forwards in his arms; Frankie and Harry were standing hand in hand, frightened-what child would not have been at the awful din-but they were getting accustomed jto it now, and had perfect trust in the skill and prowess of their father. As for the two women, they quietly loaded the empty rifles, Edith calm and still-she had resigned all care for herself intojthe hands of her lover-but poor Bessie, though , she trusted ^ her huBbimd no leta, could' not lielp casting agonised glances at her children. "It is all tip, boBB,nsaid Watkins at last; " the troopers ain't coming, and mortal man can do no more against the devil's own fiends. I'm not going to fall into their hands, and if I was you I wouldn't let the wife or boys either." " Not yet not yet," moaned Carr. But the women hau heard, and Bessie, dropping the rifle she held, snatched the child from Wong's arms, and with the other two clinging to her skirts, crept to his side. Edith, seeing she had given up hope, turned to Henniker, who caught her In bis arms. "My darling-my love I? she heard him murmur. "Oh, liny Godl that it should come to this!" She put her hand on the piBtol in his belt, and tried to draw one out " No, no; my child, you must trust me." And then fell on them a silence-even the Chinamen hushed their moaning in the pre sence of almost certain death. Outside their foes were silent too. They could hear the soft pad, pad of the blackfellows' unshod feet on the verandah-the relentlesB foes who had cornered them at last. Inside the room the monotonous ticking ^of the clock was the only sound that made itself heard. Hen niker watched the slow swing of the pendu lum to and fro, to and fro, and mechanically began to count "One, two-one, two. How long now? How long dared he wait ? How long f There was a shout from the distance. " Is that a horse galloping?" asked Edith, raisine her head. " It is many horses galloping, my dear young lady," cried Watkins. "Hurrah!" he shouted at the top of his voice. " Hurrah 1 -the troopers, the troopera- hurrah !" "Hurrah, hurrah 1" cried the others, taking up the refrain. " The troopers, the troopers I" And they flung open the door and rushed on to the verandah. On the other side of the creek was a little band of between ten and fifteen men in the nniform of the mounted police. Black they were, of course-black as those they had come to disperse, for troopers were recruited from the tribes of, Southern Queensland and as they crossed the creek, and swept up the slope at full gallop, driving the affrighted aborigines before them, the onlookers noted their Well-groomed horses, their bright steel bits and jingling spurs, their, flashing swords, the carbines nung in the leathern buckets at the side of their saddles, Mid the spotless neatness of their blue and white uniforms, spite ot the ninety-mile ride they had just accomplished. On they Bwept past the house, led by a tall red-bearded white man, dressed in the same uniform, the silver lace on his shoulders marking his rank as inspector. On the left rode M Intyre, a lean old Scotchman, and his three tall sonB in the ordinary garb of Australian bushmen, who had ridden over to see the fight and lend what aid they might. For a moment the blacks paused on the brow of the hill, and turning, poised their spears, and faced this new enemy. But their courage was useless before the advance of the disciplined men, to whom they were a9. ten to one, and after hurling one flight of sbears which fell harm lessly short, they broke and fled like frightened sheep. The troopers needed^not their leaders ?After them, my lads : we make an example of.^iew." They entered heartily into the spirit of the battle, which must needs be a winning one, and broking toe'rranka dispersed down the hill alter the fugitives, shouting, yelling, killing all no quarter given or asked, jWJien#ome ten or twelve corpses strewed the hiUJiae, ana the troopers'bright swords w«e eritoeon, and their spotless riding-breeches dyed with blood, the inspector callecLon jthemto desist, but their blood was up, savages they were at heart, with but the thinnest veneer of civi lisation, and he might as well haye epoken to the winds. Then five or six of the blacK fellows', rallying with the courage pf Qj-Bpair, struck down one of the troopers, who, n^iag discharged his pistols and his carbine, naa the temerity to attack them with only his sword. His cries brought his comrades to nis assistance, but too late. There remained only to avenge his death. And it was amply done. ? , . , , ... . Far dow,n into the forest raged the battle, the troopers crying, " Kill, kill," and Blaying without mercy the terrified creatures who fled before them. ; Sandy MUntyre, pausing in his wild career, found himself riding side by side with the inspector, c ?, > " Eh mon, eh on," he remarked " Weel, I dipga theenk Providence intended niejtogbntwr, sae x_ e'en gang down tafe B6or5ra bonny Mrs. Carr's fljat oer her fright- . " Do you," said Inspector Moore; I must ride forward and try jmdbnijg ^bes to reason. There Won't be aWacklellow left in the district if it goM on like t.;a " Weel," said the Scotchman, turnmghia horse's head. " I difina'kftn th^t |r . fight till the combatants had W^Xntly aa hill and out of sight, watched irmlentiy M hardly believing their own eyes, and wrung each other's hands as men who had_ unex pectedly been delivered from the ve yj dejCd!th raised ber head from Henniker a " God is very good to us," she ^ Jack made no reply, but drew h0 , into the house again, and she eaw , was too moved to speak. She, raised nec hand and gently touched ,WB cneeK. . " My darling}" she. said, and then, to h« utter astoniahmenti tbe great®t5°S®LURiit who had cared lowlier so tenderly M»d ^ for her so bravely pit his head down shoulder and burst into tears. "Edith, Edith, if they hadI come wj . minutes Jater. Oh 1 nay God 14£they naa news '« momeptlatec/' <\- . >? «.» - ' 1 "Hush," she said, "hush.t God ia very good to us," she whispered again. "Can I ever forget?" he moaned^ Shall I ever foraet those awful moments 2 "I don't want to forget I shall never forget that my Bweetheart would have savsd ""she put her arms close round him for a moment and held him to her breaat as if be bad been a child. "My dearest one, my dearest one, you are worn out. Lie down on the sofa there and let me see to your shoulder." He obeyed her quietly. It was such a relief to feel that there was no longer any need for thought or anxiety on his part. Edith was bending over him undoing the bandages when the others came in. BeBsie was crying and sobbing hysterically, while Carr was supporting Kent, who looked very faint and white. .' That's right, Edie," said Carr. You must help me with Kent, too. Poor Bessie has given in at last." "No I haven't," said Bessie, between her sobs. " I'll-I'll be all right in a minute. I'm-I'm so glad-and thankful-and grateful -I don't know what to do." " Dear wife, I think we are all a bit Bhaken." -~ It was (rue enough. As Carr said, after the long waiting, the almost hopeless suspense, all the Europeuns were somewhat shaken, while the Chinamen, on the contrary, returned to their usual avocations with the ntmost equanimity. Nothing at all might have happened, thought Edie, as ehe_ watched Hin Lee calmly collect the bedding that was Btrewn about, while Wong, after dressing and washing the boys, brought a bucket of water, and proceeded to wash the stains of blood and powder oil the sitting-room floor. " They' are right, too, quite right," said Bessie, drying her eyes. " Why, cook has actually built a fire out in the paddock, and is beginning on luncheon already." " Well, Bessie," said Carr, " I'm glad of that, for the inspector will be here presently, and his troopers will want something. Men must eat, you know, especially after a ninety mile ride." It was four o'clock before the inspector arrived, followed by bis troopers, who looked tired and crestfallen, having evidently had a severe reproof administered by their leader. They dismounted, and proceeded to camp near the house, gathering up the bodies of the slain in.a most unceremonious manner, and taking them out of sight of the house. " Well, Carr," said the inspector as he entered, having handed over bis horse to the care of a comely black trooper. " I hear it was touch and go with you. We only juBt arrived in time." " Yes," answered Carr, " another five minutes " He paused and the other went on " I hear, too, you lost one man and two others wounded. Well, they are avenged. My fellows had pretty well wiped out the Weeweerup tribe before I could stop them. When the beggars killed Jim Crow, the pluckiest man in the troop, I knew it was all op with them. Look here, though, did you lose another man, for about five miles down the creek I found the body of a white man most frightfully mutilated ? Hardened old sinner as I am, I declare it made me sick to look at it." " Poor Pat Connor !" said Carr; " it must have been he, I suppose. The day before the attack I went over to Dedaranga with Henniker, leaying him in charge. He was here in the morning, but in the evening, after they had been warned of the proposed attack, my wile and Edith Kendal searched everywhere but couldn't find him. Poor fellow, I suppose they killed him earlier in the day. Finally Edith rode over to Deda ranga herself." " Ah, Miss Kendal. I've heard about her. You must introduce me. The lad Henniker Bent over to M'Intyre's just raved about her. Such pluck, such loveliness. Good Heavens ! how he did go on ! Do you think there's any chance for me? Opportune arrival-saved tier life, you know, and all that 6ort of thing. You might work it for me. eh ?" "Too late, my friend; too late," laughed Carr. "She and Henniker settled all that yesterday morning." "Just my luck !" cried Inspector Moore, who was a hale and hearty middle-aged gentleman, more than five and twenty years older than Edith. "Just my luck! Well, in troduce me and ask me to dance at the wedding." " Come here, Edie ; come here," called Carr. " Here's the inspector wants to see you, and certainly he's the last man to be kept waiting just now." Edith came and thanked the trooper very earnestly for his timely aid, and Henniker, of course, followed close behind her. " Well, my wounded friend," said the jolly inspector, "so you have borne off the prize the whole country has been hankering after for the last two months, have you? Take my advice and have the wedding soon and put the disappointed suitorsoutof their misery." Jack quite agreed with Inspector Moore, and as soon as he had added to the hut at Dedaranga and gathered enough furniture together there was a wedding at Boorara-a wedding for which the parson had to be brought all the way from Palmerston, and to which the guests came from hundreds of miles round. Edith made a lovely bride, and not a few of Inspector Moore's "dis appointed Buitors " heartily envied the bride groom. The little boys, who had been much in terested and excited over the marriage festivities, burst into a storm of tears when the horses were brought round and they realised that Auntie Edie was going to leave them, "She said she'd always live with us," said Frankie, in indignant remonstrance. "An* now Mr. Henniker is takin' her away. I don't b'iieve she wants to go a bit, 'cos she's cryin' so. No; he iBn't my Uncle Jack, an' I hate him; so doea Harry." "So does I," echoed his little brother, fiercely, doubling bis email fists; "I does hate him." : "Little darlings, don't," said Edith, be tween laughter and tears. " I'll come back and see you-I will, indeedbut Frankie refused to be comforted. Standing holding the horseB for the bride and bridegroom, arrayed in clean moleskins and & brigbt-rea shirt, was Jimmy, the black boy whose timely warning had saved their lives three months before. That yonng gentleman bad viewed the dispersion of bis tribe with the utmost equanimity. Suspect ing that such would be the result of his information, he had laid by till the storm eras past, and then, presenting himself before Can, humbly asked to be taken care of wherefore^ he ia now a stable-boy (rather a lazy one, it must be confessed) at Boorara, Une guests were assembled on the broad verandah waiting to see them off. Edith came out in her riding-habit, Bessie on one thither 6 *x>'8» *^1 protesting, on °Ver8eer' °ame forwftrd and "God send you every happiness, Mrs. Hen j niker," be said. " Well, yon can always tel how gallantly yonr husband fought for you I warrant yon won't soon forget the fight at Boorara." "No," said Inspector Moore, who had made a point of coming to the wedding. " Still, I maintain,by all the rales of romance, you ought to have married me. I saved your life, you know. However, after all, I believe you've got the best man." "Now Edith, now Edie," called Jack Hen niker, getting impatient at the long fare well, "the moon's rising; it's time to start." "Yes," said Carr, lifting her into the saddle, "I suppose it is time you started. All happiness go with you, Edith. Good-bye, my dear-good-bye." "Good-bye," cried they all-"good-bye, good-bye," and Hin Lee and his cousins came out and strewed rice on the bride's path. The moon rose up behind the forest, shed ding a soft silver radiance over the earth, and Ilenniker and his wife turned their horses' I heads to the east, and rode down through the bush towards Dedaranga. 