lOC.iL' . O B GENER AL. MES sBF;. F. P.akor and P. J. Machave been appointed auditors to'the. Shire nmuura Council "Mil "W. DOVTNES INVITES fresh tenders f<il- 1 lie-•l-ecrioill 1--.-S; iurdav. ;î7;li ins!. '" j of his new hotel, the same'to be Tu: nm-m- il'linlaîK-p-sheet of the comf ill.- School ,.r Alts from the 1st luin.-e Jan- nary. i ihe ; !( Ç. nilicr. I S3?. and thejhalf- .;cn:"i". :"v on .I.annarv 1st to June:30th, J -, !' '•«• fr.i.'ii j in iinoiher column. i ÏWE r.-iinf::!] v.'iisliMvd at Beenleigh r-u Tin, morning w-,is 5':i5in for the twientvirs. The Albert Hiver was over the four hi Tainboiirine and Chardon's hrid<j and: the mail cr lid only go nix miles from Beenileigh towardi Tambourine. Owing to the Albert being flooded liy Barnard's the low lying land is all swampc il. The Albert and Logan were running hankers down there. The rain and windi had oil. moderated considerably on Thursdav. Ox Sunday evening last Mr. [Jos. Moonc and Mr. W.. J. Moonev. of Brisbane. succeed id in making rather a phenomenal ; haul .of fish In three hours fishing, they caught no less thî n eeventv-niiie splendid fish, averaging about ill), each. or in the aggregate, about lif'lbs. The most surprising- feature of, the catch i? that the whole of the fish were flatliead. as it is very seldom so many of this species of fish' ar ; prevailed upon to leave their element. \- We be ieve the bait used was niiillet, and the convint ing ground wae opposite the quay jetty. This is the best haul made for a long time, j and if we ;i re not mistaken, it heats the record. ; THI adjourned general meeting of Subscriber; to the School of Arts, was held in the ji.ill on Thursday evening. The Vice- president (Mr. A M. Francis) occupied the chair, andj the îuemîie s of the Committee present were— Mrs. Yjonng. and Messrs. W. C. Welsh, G. Andrew s, and T. Hanlon. The attendance was small, c wing no doubt to the inclemency of the \veaihei. After considerable discussion it [was ]ip';iqse 1 by Mr. Baker that the reading room he liu.nted nights in the weel;, and that one of the sina 4 rooms at the hacks of the hall he provided with dominoes, cards, &c;, It was decided to give he proposal a trial for three months, to See wh; support could ,be obtained thereby from the pub c. The members of the committee said the'- we a filly too «-lad to do all they e.iiild to popnlari e tlie institution, and were in favor of «rivin ic proposal a trial. The annual report and bala ice-sheet was read and adopted. Asithe open in. f the reading-room every night in |the i-k wi entail more work-on the secre.tarv, Itlie appointment of same was postponed. Mr. Baker kindly p omised to see to the lighting of the hall, and look- after the reading room till a secretary was appt in ted. Another meeting will be held on Monday ivening next, when it is hoped there will be a g;ooc attendance of the public. • THE monthly meeting of the committee of the Southern- Queensland and Border Agricultural :ind Pastoral Association was held at tlie Board H ill on Saturday last. The members present u ore :—Messrs. W. Stephens (chairman) II Sehne .1er. I Andrews, di Hope, X Reid, E Hicks, F pifiper, G Hope, II Smith. F Parr and J Diivies . In the :ibs-.;nce of • the clerk (Mr. Browne) -îr. D Freemai: road the minutes of the previous ) i^eting. which were read and adopted. Thr • .iisin ss broiighi- lieforc the meeting were lintjii"!-' i;i ennreeuon. v.iili (he proposed plougliiiijii !!i:L(i_'li, in re'erence to the decision couie to at I!.:- S:;s; mertinu. that if th" fanners provided £2(1 the iihiughing-ma-tch. the Association v im: 1 it a like amount. Mr.'llicksannounced thai ':e 1' i collected jli it amount, and it only reiriitined iVn- the MM;; el y to provi.le their share A lelicr was recxiveil from Mr. Ferguson, stating that Mr. Lussoll had promised to give a plough for competition, to.be competed for by Avery's ploughs, a lso offering a prize of £1'. The chairman state 1 that the National Association could not grant any money to thé Society this year, us they < inly supported one ploughing match during tin year, and the money had been promised to tlie Gei tral Downs Association at AUora., It was decid ;d to hold the ploughiLg match in Septc-m'ier, a id Messrs. Hicks, Cooper, Parr, and Schneider were appointed a sub-committee to select a si ittible site for same. Messrs. Hicks, I Andrews, Davies, and Schneider were appointed a sub-con unittee to draw up a programme for présentât»>n at next meeting. ' The annual general m «ting of the Association was adjourned for a mon h. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminate! thé meeting.. ; THK '< >cean tricycle,' one of the latest American inventions may be introduced into this couotiy in the coming seaside; season. This extn ordinary vehicle, consists of an oleform supported upon iron frame- Tated. pla work, and connected by a ladder with a lower platîorm under which are three driving wheels of large diameter. These wheels are, driven bv a steam-engine placed, together with tiie riders-i—who may number about 20—-upon the highei platform, well ont of reach of the spray. T îousands of people who now take boats and walk on piers would, it is supposed; «njoy a rie e over two fathoms of sea water. |WE clip the follov jing from the Mels want short, spicy bits bourne War Cry :—W fori the Cry, not Churcl : style, which is calcuto put you to slee] i while yon read them, but some of the go-ahead, Salvation Army, interest blood- and-fire, Holy Ghost, hell, damnation, and judgment kind, * Inch will make every man shake as lie reads t, and set all the derils in hell trembling. ( THE arrest of a fra ldulent jugglar WAS accomplished on Mondny night in Paris in: a café near the Bank of France, under rather amusing circumstances The juggler had succeeded in swindling t ^military surgeon who lias a taste for mesmerû m out of a large sum of money, and. the del ectives were sent out after him. He was fon: id giving a seance in the; cafe, and when he aaw the detectives he directed his assistant to prepare for the ' Buatier. de Kolta trick.' A jlarge goblet of wine covjered with stuff was p at on the table before thej spectators, and into this the necromancer dived. The detectives i ov being sure of their man, made a charge at the goblot, but to their amazement the magicii n had really disappeared. He 'was soon found, howerer, as a reconnaissance around t'te room by the l>mbs of ilie law enabled them to discover their quarry coiled up like a hedgehog under a bench. ABTEMUS WARD US ID to tell of an adventure he had in liost< n, which resulted as follows " I returned il i the horse-cars part way. A purty young jirl in spectacles sat near me, and was ieili i 1 a young man how much he reminded her of a young man she used to know in Warlth Lm, Purty soon the young man got out, and smilin' in a seductive manner, I said to thegiil in spectacles, * Don't I remind you of someboJ y you used to know ; ' Yes,' said she, ' you < o remind me of one man, but he was sent to penitentiary for steal ing a barrel of mackeral he died there, so I conclude you ain't him.' I didn't pursue the conversation. 'Ai cuBiosnr in the shape of a brass polished walking-stick has been made in Pretoria for a well-knowr Kaffir king in the interior. On unscrewing the metal knob, and by aid of a small pocket-battery, the stick throws out a bright electi ic light, quite sufficient: to see things by fron a distance of several yards. By attaching the knob to the stick it can be probably used as well for the usual roval game of knobkerryii if his poor suDj'ectf who Scowe near the king in his moments of bad temper: The electrician was asked to make an electric shock af paratus to the stick as well, but* being made aware of the king's cruel | experiments upon h s slaves, he refused to do so, laying that all electrical inventions had been given to the woild for the benefit of mankind, even, in the serrico of justice, to re place; the hangman, lik i in American, but never to promote or suppi rt barbarities. able. • All the plants are the iMacedou Nursery, ARRANGEMENTS have been made by the Victorian Minister of La ids for an extensive plantation of useful trees at the You Yangs and jSawpit Gully forest reserves. On the forinèr area eighty men i re now employed in digging holes, and it s proposed to plant 20,060 additional trees tli is season. The total area |held by the depart m int at the You Yangs is ;>OOU acres, of which i bout 1500 have ai- ready been planted. Foi merly the old method of sowing broadcast was 1 allowed, but it is now intended to plant seedlin: fs :at intervals of 8ft., in h'iles specially sunk to : the purpose. This system has been followed in South Australia with; remarkable success Twenty thousand seedlings are also to be j) rated in the Sawpit Gully reserve, Creswick during the present season, which is> thought to be specially favorto be obtained from iid there will afters available for dis- [When is a begin- •est conservancy in wards be 40,000 seedlii tnbution to local bodies, uitig to be made with f Queensland ?3 THE function of a ikgro's black skin is suppesed to be the < opversion of a sun's light into heat. Tlie .t thus generated remains in tlie skin, and i>es not penetrate to the deeper tissue. Beinjg thus provided with a sun-proof armour, the Uij :gro can stand an amount of . heat that 1 of: Id be fatal tô a white man, and he runs hardly any risk of sunstroke, AJ TERRIBLE trageii has occurred at Washington. A ehiftlesi fellow named Oswald Allen entered the school Iwhere his wife, by teaching, earned his Kviri ç jas well as her own, and jshot her dead in ti0 presence of the scholars, who were all gi rlk. The man then fired 'the pistol against lis temple, and fell f lead jbeside his wiFe. le children were all horror-stricken at the ten ile deed, and fled in a panjic from the building, There was a crush at thé door, but only slig id injuries were sustained. THE following is an American way of raising tomatoes, which 1 lay be useful when pots ajre scarce :—A large grower of tomatoes has foiund the following pi u} of raising plants all that can be desired, "e rolls strips of resin paper into cylinders Hitee inches in diaiocking the ends by meter iand six inches deep, driving two tacks throug h| the paper, and clinching them on a piece iron pipe as an anvil -or block. These bofci less cups arc arlled with soil .in ranged in the frame and which jthe seed is planted. jWhcn the plants are ready to set out they lire large and well rootedj and are transplante 1 with the cylinder around them. This is slip led up so as to project three inches above the ground, and make an obstacle over which wor ns will not climb, and so Itlie danger is evadet, as well as all risk of checking the growth by transplanting. He . has set out plants already i 1 [blossom, without any check, by means of tli s j device. THE tax system in C liijna is peculiar. Taxes outside of Pokin are paid on arable land only, the tax varying with tile crop-produciug quality! of the soil. Inside the city of Pekin there is no tax on land, 1 ouses, or personal property. Goods brought through the city gates pay a light tax, but are exempt from taxation afterwards. 1 The only tax on laud and houses j in Pekin is on the sale of real estate, ten per[ cent, being charged in! the price obtained for the property sold, I There is ials» a tax resembling license fees. Outside of Pekin Chinesî subjects are liable to be called! upon to perfimn certain duties 'vhpnever the Emperor passes through tbeir districts, but this duty mkj be avoidedbythe payment of a small tax. All moneys spent on public account in Pekin come from the Impei ial Treasury, and the«xpenditure is not limit edlto funds raised by taxation within the city. The bulk at the people in Bekïn pay no tax< s whatever. ( The manwboowns bie boose aid lot and implements of labor «njoys his eai nipgs without toll <or dedabtion. THB j&pproachingmarr;: ofthe eldtijBÎ daughter of the Prince and jPrii ncess «F Walee to the Earl of Fife (Sir Wi lit " m George l)nff, S. T. ) [Viscount Macduff, i jBomewhatrefact that markable coincidence, from 1 he this is the second Princesi Louise who has been betrothed to a peer of | the realm. It will be remembered Prince Louise, the third daughter of he|- Majesty Queen (Victoria, in 1871, married the Marquis of Lome, who is heir to the Dukedom of Argyle. j Another coincidence is that both peers are descendants of illustrious ancient Scotch families, and ancestors of both have jmade themselves famous in history. The Earl of Fife, who is descended from the Macduff,|rhane of Fife, with whom the genius of Shakespeare has made the world familiar, is very wealthy, and hag jvast estates in Scotland. Mar Forest, which belongs to him, is famous as thé best deer forest !in Scotland, aud on it the heaviest stags are killed every year. The Prince of Wales very often goes to Mar Forest deer-stalking. The forest adjoins to a great extent Braemar, one of the estates of the Queen, and the Earl lives only 12 miles from Balmoral Castle and 16 miles from tlie Prince of Wales's residence iij Scotland. lu Society Earl Fife is immensely popular. Mar Lodge is always full of visitors. When in London the Earl drives one jof the finest teams of horses. Tlie Earl of Kintore, the present Governor of South Australia, was a great friend of the Earl of Fife, both noblemen bedding acres in the same ^ounty in Scotland. IN one of the earliest trials by colored jury in Texas, twelve gentlemen were told by the judge to retire andj " find a verdict." They went to the jury-rooin. The sheriffs and others] standing outside heard the opening and shutting of doors and other sounds of unusual commotion. Àt last the jury came back into the court, when the foreman rose and said, " Massa Judge, we have • looked ev«rywhar—in the drawers and behind the do'— and can't find no verdie.' It warn't in de room." j THE Buffalo corporation of the United States^ which has undertaken to turn to practical use some of the ! immense power of the Niagara Falls, promise ito supply Buffalo before next fall with all the electricity she wants. In five years the company j propose " to run every horse-car, elevator, and engine within one hundred niiles of the Niagara Falls." AN English paper|thus comments upon the latest rival to coal igas and electricity :— " The commercial world is being very much exercised at present ota the subject of water gas, which threatens to revolutionise existing lighting and heating arrangements. The new invention is very highly spoken of by the leading journals in the country, and by those who have seen the gas in use at the extensive Leeds Forge Works. Water gas can be procured at about 4d. per 1000 feet, and a ton of coal will produce about four, times as much water gas as it does coal gas. j The shares have gone up enormously in the market, and the British Water Gas Syndicate, out of an investment of £217,250, has already, by concessions and grants, netted £1,654,000. A. trade journal states that already the large steel-making firms are seriously discussingjtlie question with the chairman.of tlie syndicate and his colleagues, as water gas will materially affect the cost of production." i TEN thousand florins for a kiss ! For a mere vulgar millionaire with^nt much soul that (comments a writer in St. Jame's Gazette) is a very good "lay out." Poets, of course have often offered a great deal more merely to touch the hem of her garment, but they have not always been in a position to pay for it. The •story is told by a veracious Eren-ement, which always knows what Englishmen and millionaires are doing. There jivas a charity bazaar the other day at the Princess d'Aremberg's residence in Vienna, and one of the most beautiful- stallholders was the Marchioness Pallavicini. A11 English millionaire who was present offered to pay jIO,O00 florins—close upon a i£1000—to the [charity if the ma chioness] would give lilim one little kiss. Touched by such devotioi and anxious to help the charity, she consented to the joy of the onlookers ; for even in Vienna you do not see a millionaire kiss a highborn beauty in public even'day. These millionaires are invaluable. Here is & story about another who lives in America. He suioked ui^til he was sixty and was then told by his doctor that he must stop or die. Whair is the good of a millionaire if you are to die at sixty ? Mr. Ira Tripp (" Phoebus ! what a name with which to sound the trump of future fame !") determined to live, and has never smoked since. His cigars are now smoked for him by a valet, whose business it : s to walk abroad with his master, smoke the best Hàvannalis, and blow the smoke into the millionaire's face. ! Vicarious smoking of this kind (as ladies havie often been heard to remark) is not at all unpleasant. And it does not spoil the teeth. I It is said that mermaids tie up their hair with a marine band. * j 