WANTED a candidate. To TUB BMTOB,—SIE.—Certain phtaian are ran glibly off tho toognaa of those who speak by rote and do not (top to think. These remarks' apply to your correspondents 'Costim, 1 'Australian Native' and ' A Kadtoal Naturalist.' Under tbe above heading, these gentlemen have delivered ihemselret by an outpour of hysterioal antitheses whloli have drawn heavily ou your atook of italics and notes of admiration. To tlie honor of this army of the anonymous, ' Australian Native' it the only wtfter, who has made his attack with reason and argument, and endeavored to prove the wrongs we labor under by methods more or less 8ocratic, but neither calumnious or unfair. Not so much can be said for the other' Oassitts' and 'A Radical Nationalist' have used youtcolumns to waylay and wound Mr. Deakiir. Like assassins who put on masks before they blow upyoUr house with dynamite, or stab you in the back in the dark, these writers,. crying bravo! and havook 1 have lot slip the dogs of war with a vengeance 'Cassius' relieves bis overburdened BOU! by calling Mr. Deakin .foul nameB, and 'A Radical Nationalist' prophesies his eternal doom. The. authorship of these tremendous onslaughts on Mr. Deakin, are perfectly 1 well-known among the initiated—to whom alone the names are of value ; and no veil is so thick that the true features are not at last made out. 'Fair Play' well guaged tho height of these gentlemen in your last issne, and there is no questioning tho truth .of .his opening remarkB, in tbe following passage:—* I fancy your correspondents who-aver they are not in tbe field, Bre would-be .candidates, who, having felt their way, .find lliey have not the ghost of a show, and now; like tho pettifogging; attorney, - cry.. ' abuse. , the other Bide.' The anonymity of the writers alluded to, : MeVerj^flimsy,;indeed, and you can mark ithemsas -clearly ."aa a- hunter. marks his .jgamfc'^pur.'-gmpeB jand' retaliation,, are ^cfe^hthftifc-M"^®^®^ with JEow ol UB are 30 far philosophic,.as to/iefrainffoif^ stings iisi " of -tire*:'midge which;tfritea.' Beneath the surface of the written words of ' Oaesiusj' ohe easily "spells—wounded pride—for the attack on Mr. Deakin-is too ehameful in its virulence and too general in its application, to be marked by anything but personal enmity end maliciousness. It is.a pity your correspondents do .their Bpiriting under tlie lioence of anonymity, rather than declare their, individuality to all ' men, acknowledging boldly what they write and Btauding to their guns as befits brave soldiers of the trnth and right. 1 A Radical Nationalist' must have sketched hiiiletter from tho character of Quilp, for with him Mr. Deakin seems to be the figure head of the ship, and cornea in for a lot of belabouring, just as Quilp belaboured his figure head and called it Kit, by way of exemplifying tlie lex talibnis wo have been taught to abjure. Tour correspondent's style is not a commendable way of settling differences of opinion as to the wisdom or otherwise of electing a local candidate. Ho appears to be one of those men who are always proud to BBrve as toolB to wiser people than themselves, to bu made UBB of by men who laugh at them, who despise them for their folly, and wlio leave them to roar and bellow non- Bense to the moon as soon aB it suits their purpose. No party, however contemptible or infamous, has- ever, been in want of a Tommy Towusliend, and 'A Radical Nationalist* seems to be the elected Tommy TownBhend to abuse Mr Deakin. It is a paltry device. Mr. Deakiu is abusBd for everything. Now, Bir, 1 grant everything that haB been said concerning tile cattle yard nuisance, the insufficient train accom modation, an 1 misorablo stations; but would it have been otherwise even .with this much vaunted looal candidate system of representation. I think not. Mr. Diakm has done his beet, and ithis no unbiassed elector will deny. Mr. Deakin is blamed because we liave not a new.railway station at Ascot Yale—Bhaor-rubbish. How the Commissioners cansay .the traJSe . does not warrant a navf:'Amldtpg.i.ii.^v mystory. Ascot Vale is the^most .impofcr tantiatation-on the lineinipointof revennev My.-figureB/. ere ; -.oorrect.r« iShe-sswrage monthly;'takinijs c'iit/&BCbt;': ® tickets IB £700. .The overage .annua^ revenue for periodical tickets :-:IS :£10.QD^ No other-stationon.the lino can sliow'tlua: income, and -further, • Aacot Vale haa^a daily increasingtoffic. While Mr. Dsakin. may press this matter under the notice of the Commissioners, it is idle to blame him' for the negieet and whims and caprices of thoBe gentlemen. Bir, stern truths cannot bo Bpoken in-honeyed words. 'Cassius' and a ' Radical Nationalist' are playing, very much-' o£ a game of hazard with their local candidate—or rather by late events, luoal candidates, in fact sir, so many are announced, that it is a case of one gelB one, ir every man liis own representative. Great is Diana of the Bphcsians. 1 The fiat has gone forth with ail uproar. Deakin is to he replaced by a local candidate. Beer ie to have its sway. The Tommy Townsheads arc abroad with envy and do traotion on their lips. Slander is called in on the principle—if your opponent is powerful, he must be made obnoxious ^ if helpless, contemptible. TJhe odium your correspondents have tried to heap on Mr. Deakin reminds one of the quaiut old French proverb, which says : ' He must be a good 11 ao, I hear so much evil of him.' The calumnies of these gentlemen only point to the judicious electors the proper object of their gratitude and reBpect, which, no doubt, will bo faithfully be stowed when the day of election arrives. Your-, &c..; Ascot Yale, 21J 11 89. J. J. RENDLK, 