Church of England. ——♦—— ORDINATION SERVICE. On Sunday last an Ordination Service was con ducted in A II Saints' Cathedrnl by his Lordship, the Right Rev. Bishop C. E Camidge, D.D., when the following eight candidates were ordained — : PRIESTS:— Rev. E. Winter; Rev. W. Everingham; Rev. W. Holston. DEACONS: — Rev. J. Cooper ; Rev. P. Preswell ; Rev. J. Wilson. M.A., Queen's University, Ireland ; Rev. H. C. Gladstone Hawke, B.A., Wadham College, Oxford ; Rev. F. J. Thompson ; Rev. A. Burton, At the beginning of the service his lordship ad dressed tho candidates, and in a lucid and clear manner laid before them the duties and office of each. There was a largo congregation present and the solemnity of tbe service wns fully realised. His Lordihip took for his text the words of St. Paul, as found in 2nd Corinthians iic. 16v : 'And who U sufficient for theio thingi / ' He said that before proceeding, with the service he desired to say 'a few words to tlioto candidates who were about to be appointed Priests and Deacons, previous to their entering upon those important offices. He was cafried back in thought to the occasion of bit own ordination at Bishopthorpe, and the circumstances connected with that erent were brought forcibly to his mind. He remembered that ha w»i frosh from the Onivorsaty with tne vigour of manhood upon him, and fearing nothing in the fulure. Bo looked forward to many years of usefulness in the church and hardly realised as he should hare done bis own insufficiency. Ue knew little of the work and the responsibilities of the office with which lie afterwards became acquainted ; and be thought It probable thnt similar feelings were experienced by those whom he was addressing, and led them to apply the words of the text to themselves, and ask, ' Who is sufficient for these things?' Yet, looking at the circumstances under which Paul uttered these words, they found no truces of discontent or weariness, aud no intention of resigning his important office. The words in fact formed part of a strain of triumph. He wai describing the triumphal processions at Home, of which he. had heard,. but had not at that time seen. He eluimcd to be Christ's incenso bearer, and, fully realising that tho result of his preaching was either the ' favour of life unto life ' to thoso who were saved, or the ' savour of denth unto death ' to thoso who perished, he asked the question, ' Who is sufficient for all these things /' This should be the result aimed at by dvery true teacher of the Gospel. Applying his text especially to those who were to be ordnined deacons, he asked, ?' wh» was sufficient to tako tho office of deacon ?' It wns no light matter to accept such an office, and in apostolic days it was one of groat importance. To show the high estima tion' in which this office was held, they found that, in the early days of the apostles, directions were given to the peoplu to look out from among them ' ssven men- of honost report full of tho Holy Ghost and of wisdom,' and the same importance was attached to the position in the Church of the present day. It. fnre, howevur, they wore ordnined to Iho office of » priest, nnd entered upon this work the words of his text would be brought to thoir rdind. He then laid before them clearly the duties and responsibilities which they would undertake, and urged them to fully realise that a great deal depended upon their ever; action and word, They stood, as it were, bntween the living and the dead. Tboy should endeavour.' to gather together and not separate tho people. As tho world advanced greater difficulties presented themsnlves. There was a rapid growth ot indifference and unbelief. All the delusions and false teaching of the present day Had to be met and combatted. It would be necessary to guard against contentions in parishes and irregularities of various kinds. They should cultivate the spirit of obedience to all who were in authority. In the battle fiold orders are given and obeyed, and very often it is not until the fight is over that the wisdom for such commands is seen. Neither church nor parish could prosper without unity of aotion, and when matters of difficulty arose they should maintain an attitude of rectitude and honesty. It was natural that whan they realised their responsibilities they' should ask 'who is sufficient for these things ?' but while feeling this they knew that God was their help, for the promise was clear, 'Lo, I am with you,' and if they were faithful in the discbarge of their duty they oould look forward to hearing Him say ' Well done.' They should seek to have the spirit of humility as shown by Christ, and remember always that they wore: set apart for the work of God. They should let the glory of God bo their aim. They should resist slothfulness and be diligent in their reading. It was necessary to maintain a Christ-like dis position, exercise ohirity to all, and not waste their time disputing over trifles. They should not be discouraged if they did not always see the results of their labor. Above all they should lie constant in prayer, seeking the aid of the Holy Spirit. They must exeroise their influence in the world by personal religion, for without this tho Apostle Paul could not have had the success to which he attained. They must wait patiently for the result of their labors, for while their difficulties were great their blessings and reward would be still greater for Christ hnd promised— 'I will never leave you nor' forsake you,' If they labored faithfully even if they did not see thoir results here they would gain the crown hereafter. In concluding bis remarks, the bishop said he could congratulate the dioceBS on the large number of candidates. It was the largest number ever known in the diocese and possibly in Australia at one time. All who were to be ordained were for the Bathurst Diocese. He congratulated the candidates on the excellent examination they bad passed. Thoae who were to bo ordained as priests had not had the same opportunity for study that te deaoons had, and their examinations were not equal to the others, . He did not sav thin disparagingly of tbe Priests, because he knew the advantages the deaoons had had. The result of the examinations went to show tbe improved position of the diocesn. He had found that able men were not wanting, and the stream which was formerly flowing towards Sydney had now turned toward the City of the Plains. When he first oame to Bathurst he laid that he hoped to raise this diooese and make it seoond to none in the colony, and he considered that his desires had been oonsumated in this respect in. He icould now obtain able men, and tbe other responsibility rested upon, the laity whose duty it was to provide the means. If the means were forthcoming there wers plenty of men of sound judgement and churchmansbip who were prepared to undertake tho duties, and they could affordto lose the inefficient ones. The offertory that morning was in aid of the Church Society. This was a most important society and bad done a great work. From ita funds the clergymen were largely supported, (or without means the stipends could not be paid, nor oould thoy find suitable man. They should all feel that tbe work was for tho honor of God, and should work together as one united diocese. His Lordship then desoended from tbo pulpit and took up his position in tho sanctuary, where the candidates wore presented by Very Rev. Dean Marriott ami ihe Venerable Archdeacon Dunstan, and the form u( service ordered by the church was proceeded with. Tho lower part of tbe oity of Hobart (Tas.) was partially submerged on Thursday night and Friday in consequence of the floods, and tho residents bad lo remove from their liomeB. HORSFORD'S AOID PHOSPHATE Relieves Mental and Phyiical Exhaustion. 