MEETING OF THE ASSOCIATION. NO DECISION ARRIVED AT. A genoral mooting of tho Central Cumberland Frootrado Association was hold in tho School of Arts, Parramatta, on Monday evening, tho president (Mr. John Taylor) in tho chair. Tho busi ness was tho selection of a candidate for tho vacancy. On tho motion of tho Prosidont, tho following resolution was adopted by those prosont simply standing : — ' Tho members of tho Central Cumberland Freotrado Association desire to record their deep sorrow at tho death of tho lato representative in Parliament, Mr. J. R. Linsloy, J.P., whoso services as a monitor °f our Legislature, a magis trate, a citizon and a follow associate of this our association, woro highly estoomod. And wo f urthor dosiro to ex press our hoartfolt sympathy to tho widow and mombors of tho family of our lato beloved and valued friond at tho sad bereavement, and trust that heavonly solaco and consolation may be granted to thorn.' Tho Prosidont reported that Messrs. Dalo, Boyd, and Taylor had boon nominated in tho Council. Mr. Forsyth (Ryde) entered his em phatic protest against the course pur sued by presenting throo names from tho Council to a Parramatta meeting, to decide winch shall bo selected. Ho eonsidorod Mr. Dale was morally on titled to their support, and accordingly ho 2-roposod Mr. Dale. Tho Presidont denied that a pledge had been given to Mr. Dalo. A depu tation had been appointed from the Council to wait upon Mr. Dalo to with draw from tho genoral election, and Mr. Goold (who was one of tho deputation) pledged his support and said the As sociation would consider tho question of paying Mr. Dalo's expenses. Tho Council had declined to pay tho ex penses. Mr. N. Harper said he was ono of the deputation, and ho had not denied the report at the meeting of Council at which it was presented, because he did not think it necessary. Mr. Rico said ho should liko to know whother tho delegates were empowered to pledge tho Association to Mr. Dalo. Mr. Selby (Field of Mars) said that it was generally understood that Mr. Dale was to receive thoir support for retiring. Mr. W. Stimson (Fairfiold) said thero was manv a man lie would sooner vote for than Mr. Dalo, but under tho cir cumstances he considered the association was pledged. It was so understood in Sydney. The minute was recorded in the books, and if there was any honor in tho association they would stick to Mr. Dale. Five-sixths of the constitu ency expected this to be done. If it was only to a black man he should stick to his word. The President emphatically denied that there was any pledge. Messrs. Stimson and Forsyth : It is in the minutes. Are you afraid to let it be read ? The President said if his word could not be taken he would leave the chair. (Cries of 'No, no.') Mr. Forsyth : Wo won't take your word. Mr. W. A. Brodie stated that he had endeavoured to find out from Mr. Pul ford what was Mr. Dale's position, and had received tho following telegram : — 'Dale retired at general election on distinct assurance of support on future occasion. This support we must now render, always providing that we feel the constituency approves our action, we assuming no right to pledge Central Cumberland.' The Rev. T. S. Forsaith said he deeply regretted the absence of unanim ity, and moved ' That tho matter be referred back to the Council for their most serious consideration.' Seconded by Mr. Forsyth, who with drew his resolution. Mr. Smith (Liverpool) moved as an amendment 'That this meeting pro coed to tho election of a candidate.' Mr. S. Jordan (Ryde) said he had ridon all round the district of Hunter's Hill, Gladesville, and Rydo, and to a man the electors said they wero bound to go for Mr. Dale. The electors woro under the impression that Mr. Dalo had been promised tho support of the Freetrado Association. Mr. Jeanerett had forfeited any chanco he might have had by his haste to announce him self before Mr. Linsloy's doath ap poarod in tho papers and Mr. Taylor had not tho ghost of a show down his way. Mr. T. W. Taylor stated that Mr. Dalo went canvassing around Mr. Linsloy's grave. What right had tho deputation to pledge tho Association ? Ho was favourable to leaving the choice to a representative council. Mr. Clark (Auburn) stated that this was the first time he had heard that the association was not pledged to Mr. Dale. It had been published in the papers and never contradicted. He should abide by the promiso, although Mr. Dale was the greatest stranger to him. The amendment was then carried Mr. Forsyth moved that Mr. Dalo was the proper porson to receivo their support. Ho felt morally bound to sup port Mr. Dalo. Tho district felt morally bound to Mr. Dalo. The Rev. T. S. Forsaith said if thero was undeniable proof that tho asso ciation was pledged to any candidate, ho should be tho last to oppose that gontleman ; but tho president (who snouia Know tne wordings oi tno ooun cil) assured them that this was not so. [Mr. Forsyth : It is in the minutes.] Ho was bound to accept tho president's assurance. Mr. Smith (Livorpool) moved that Mr. T. W. Taylor bo submitted as tho candidate. Mr. Forsyth asked for permission to have tho minute road. Tho Prosidont said ho would leave tho chair if this lino of conduct was persisted in. After somo further discussion, the minute was read, and was as follows : — ' Mr. Goold reported that tho com mittoo appointod to confer with tho re prosentativos of the parliamentary committoo had met that day and tho result is that Mr. Dale had rotirod from the contest, and that they had pledged thomselvos to support Mr. Dalo in tho event of a vacancy and woro willing to consider tho question of tho payment of Mr. Dalo's expenses.' [According' to tho minutes, Messrs. N. Harper and T. IT. Marshall (who also accompanied Mr. Goold) wero present at the mooting and did not deny (ho accuracy of tho report, and tho minutes do not state whether tho report was adopted or rejected, although it is a fact that the Council did not entertain the question of paying Mr. Dalo's ox pensos. Howover, a resolution follows tho roport quoted, conveying a vote of thanks to Mr. Dale for his ' generous and patriotic conduct by voluntarily re tiring from the present contest, in order to prevent a division of the Freotrade interost.'] Mr. Clarke wanted to know why the pledge was not expunged. The President stated that it was simply embodied in a report. A good deal moro discussion ensued, in which Messrs. Forsyth and Stimson contended that a dishonorable act would be perpetrated if the council did not keep its word. In consequence of the persistency of these gentlemen in ad horing to the statement that the asso ciation was pledged, tho President vacated tho chair, and the meeting broke up in disorder. As the report of tho Cumberland Akgus was mentioned in connection with tho matter, ?« e appond that report in full, simply adding that a represen tative from this offce was present throughout the Council meeting at which Mr. Goold reported the result of tho deputation. The report was as follows, and appeared in the Argus of February 2 : — 'Tho Council again met on Tuesday afternoon. Present : Mr. John Taylor, President, in the chair, and Messrs. Goold, T. H. Marshall, N. Harper, J. J. Miller, C. W. Mills, W. Stimson, and J. H. Mansell, secretary. Mr. Goold reported the result of the depu tation in reference to Mr. Dale's can didature. Messrs. Reid, Wise, and Street represented the Parliamentary Committee, and Sir John Robertson was appointed umpire. After a lengthy discussion, on the appeal of Sir John, Mr. Dale consented to withdraw un conditionally, and on the suggestion of tho venerable Knight, agreed to nomi nate Mr. Ritchie. Tho Association's dolegates stated they were willing to consider the payment of Mr. Dale's expenses. It was moved, ' That the thanks of this meeting be given to Mr. Dale for his generous and patriotic con duct in voluntarily retiring from the present contest, in order to prevent a division of the Freetrade interest, and a copy of this resolution be tor warded to Mr. Dale, signed by the president and secretary.' Tho resolu tion be forwarded to Mr. Dale, signed by the president and secretary.' The resolution was carried unanimously, and the Council endorsed the promise of their delegates to support Mr. Dale in a future contest. 