THE MYSTERY OF TILE PEAEL. (raox Tra aIaSGOw wcar.Y crCnze v.) Many years ago vessels carried far heavier crews than at present, for nowadays the great aim of owners seems to be scrimpiun everything to the lowest possible figure. I suppose this arises froun the g-r;catr i ostpeti tion in trade, decrease of freights, and in crease of harbour dues and wages. At any rate, the old dunder-thumper brig rigged vessel Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, and abnout 100 tons or so, carried a crew of thirteen, including the cook and two bo yv-one doing duty aft as head-ateward ant 'lattle-washer. She, of course, carried two mates, and, with the skipper, brought up the whole tally to sixteen hands. The great majority were Irish ; and I can tell you that among Irish seuimen there li no happymedium--they are either first-rate or useless when well out at sea and clear of the grog-shop; and the men on blard of the Pearl brig were as smart :t set of seamen as you could find on Limerick quays. The vessel was cleared out, bound to London in ballast to take in cargo fur the port of Genoa. iV.,,ýýp4; yy I don't know where the old man' hailed from, at he had a name I never came across before-it was Jasper Trojan- and this might have fitted any country, lie was a powerful, thick-set-looking rman, between forty and fifty, with shifty bead-looking eyes set deep back in his head, and was horribly disfigured with small-pox ; alto gether he was anything but lovely in appear ance or holite in manners. I don't believe Captain Trojan ever washed or changed his linen-if, indeel, he wore any at all; he just rolled out of his bunk of a morning and bolted his breakfast, and then tumbled up the companion for a look round. The Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den aft, and had a screw down table amidship and lockers all round-I don't suppose it was above eight feet square by five high. The skipper had a bunker on the starboard aide, and the moate on oPlxpsite. I wascabin boy and steward, and slept on the after transom, or on oine of the lo:kers. The second mate and crew all bunksed in the fore castle. Just you fancy a dark holt. with black beams and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and alioh lamp by night, where it was impossible to sew or-read (if anyone wanted to read), and reeking with all the abominations of the Egyptians; and this was the dining saloon, betl ctrhmber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if over, washedl, andr never changed arag except when deluged with a green sea over the bows. Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she blunders along under all plain sil, royals and flying jib set--an old set of dhingy patched canvas - bowsprit steered nearly up antd down, blaiff squar bows thumping the water and sending the spray broad ott on each side, and unpainted bulwarks, the grein corroded copper up to the Iends, and the standing rigging innocent of Strckholm, and not a ratlin or foottiope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingr lig;urchead, rlepresent. ing a woman with a dab of crimsone on each cheek, with eye. staring out to starlrord, gazing intently and kierpring; a vacant look. out for nothing aut all. Of all unromantic craft, that. r?s most unlikely to have a lasting histor in tragedies and mysteries of the ocean, the P'earl was the most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along pI:t the west coast of Ireland. Recent events in London nrd eilIwhere,, of butcheries and fiendisl- delcds apparentl without aim or object, have bron?igt liaci vividly to my minid one of the Inost ghastly episodes that ever occurred at ica. Murder generally prrsuppos. somo qiotive \--ither revenge, greed, or ridden mnida ; but there is no safeguard again-rt the deliberato, carefully wrought-out plan of the cunning, and hitherto urLsuspectel, calm and deliberate denmon, living as it were two distinct lives, and seemingly having two separate beings awaying aInd animating oner Spoerson. The skipper, as itr irs my then experience and preu.rnt rtollcnotilol serve rte, navigated the lhip and gavei order. as oustoniary ; tihe menr woerk-l at the, thou aend-aunl-onr odeil and eldt al- wa:t to be found to do aboard a vesyeel, and smooked and lulled ablut in the last dog'-watch in a commonplace osefacrinrg way. N'ow, every evening, aboul eight b?ells, my duty was to wash the dishes, clean up the galley (a little woolden bee on deck amid nhi;r) trad tidy uip : and thrn I n-se?d (being i lg hIimump of a bIy of fifteen) to go anr smoke lat the win?Ilets tlfoired, after trimming and lirhiting the cabin lamp. It was in tilre end of September, and pretty light oil deck at six in the morning. One nirlght- I will never forget It-I was lying drl inlg n th* after tansomn, when I sudI'lehly stetteel up full,' awake. Some in describable h,;nror eeicted t oprrest mtre. I looked iup; the feeble unrutliletl wick of the nearly empty lamp only rervted to mnalke things around dim and uncertain. I asuppose it would bb about four bells in the middle watch, whem I distinctly heard a suppretsed groan iltand giureling noise fiim the mate's buns!, andl could see? the indlistinct form of a man leaning over it. Then the lamp Ili--kered anti went ouit, and a great horror fell upon mie. I knhew not why. I heard the skiplsr- tuinble into his buank, and a curious olrdi li'ie air et-.:pinrg front the deck punrmp, a:nd I. tros ip an?d creipt rtl deck and sat rowerinhg undtir the quarter-:e1ek but warks, tryinge to thinlk. ' WVhat's the matter, lad '' sung out the e-.v.enil mate, who hiad the watch, no he drasret me to the binunelelamp. 'You are as whlittn as ghost, tadl all trembling.' ' I ldo't kn)w, sir,' I aid; ' I think I hid the nightmare.' But go below I would not till f£lldaylight. All sa.scorrect, seemingly. The skipper was snoring peace fully; all else was still ; and at five bells in the morning watch I set tit. cupI, went to the galley for the coffee, anrid m:rrl the akipper. One of the selmen used to keep the moruinrg watch and hiivo hbit coffee in the ca bin a fter the s?klipper ihad dron. "The old maln IsoiIi ount, ttwallowe his coffer, went on derk, arnl told the oficer ofi the vwatch to go down. In tlhe scant tmoniuie light everyttingt was dim and unrcrttin. All was quie fr a few minuters. Icoull hea- the man strike flinrt ap4r steel, and thb.n !igle.t n sulpI!:ir mtatlth. -id as it burnt up !lner, anrd he wn' lighting his pil, it threw a runddy gtlare ver the maate's buntr. Good God : shiti I ever foret _ the ight ? The-mate's head lay ovcer the eaiillni --lhi farce -blue, and dead. A stream of elottto bloos was over his neck and bretut. over thi mant, .aad in clota and tlotehes on the dl;k. e, Fr onemoment I stood aglhast:; I then rushed to reach the laddler, slip;rt! ot the 'blood-titln?d deck, and tore u:O io deck and fell fainting aeginst the litt!l&ckyiiglt.; The a?ond offIcer anrd all habr-is soon icrambled aft: anil thIe body was with kgreat difficulty earrird up the. onuill cimpainion hatch tnd tail rft in the -wheel ier-ariee-. The second mate gripped me onevulsively by the -wrist, anrd on rouint up to fullco:nier,?nieo. I saw the skiproer wa?lkcni nt u. and ':.:itt th quarter-Itok. - He rover l-olied at nyif o uo. and he never g!rrced aft at the br?-.: After a long tinrre he stepped, leant ovrer ', c:gng. way. and steadily Iook-A ovser t. wi crld:wrd. 'orw, Calptain .Tasper Trojan -:cned. to have no charancteristic any more thi:t: that he never swore; he was taeiturn, buI t no1t morose, anrd I never hIearcdhim tell cncr storTy, oralluds to any scent of hir former nif . Pre sently he turned round and drawll out, 'Cut his thlroat in the night, nay ! f-t some eanve.s, Mr. Donovan, and sew it te. The seaman hung back, swhile the_ captain vwent below, brought r:p some old :anlevas and pa'm a-ad needle, and knInelt doSr aRdi delibemrately sewed up the body, dre,-el as it was, and then ordered the main taops il ti bte baocked. and before anyorne could spr k or in terftre, liftel the body up. and threw, it over the lee gangway ifto the sea, raeced thb mrin ya it fourwlrd, and on the veselc vwent. the dintg- cinrvas with it-s gi:hastly frci--t ri-oin and faliilre cn the wasre in our wakie till wrt brot i,,,bt of it. The men slinkiel fcrc- ard, horror- st.-ie-l.n, and then the o!l mann, --ithout a woil, went below and dclib- ratel- turned into Lir bunk. Ink one short hour the Iwhole ship scemed changed. The me conversed in groups * "OIl es·-a," 'ec~rn'a teerm feo atin. under their breath, work was stopped, and though the wheel was relioved and watches changed, sail made and shortened, yet the vessel waslike a coffin to the imagination. The second nmte wouldn't go aft to the spare bunk ; and I never, if I could help it, in the cabin went far from the ladder. Two nighta pao.d away, and theweati.er was dark and squally; an at the change of watches- eight bells of the second dog-watch -wo handed topgallant sails and reefed topsaila, stowed the light sails, and the watch below turned in. The watch on deck cowered under the lee of the galley and long boat, leaving only the second mate, man at the wheel, and look-out man forward on the night-heads. I sneaked down the fore scuttle, and coiled myself away among the men, not daring to go aft. 'The wind was blowiing in gusts from the S.W., and Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it wa, all Ihands on deck to shortin sail, and stanid by the topsail halliards, as a heavy squall caught us aback, and the brig gathered stein way. I thought we weregone. Everything was let fly, and tie head-yards bnu:ed abox, and so she paid off, and we elose-reefed, and stood oft ln the port tack. The hands went below. At two bells in the morning watch (d a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain and sleet, when the brig flow right up in the wind, and when the men rushed to the braces, there was neither officer of the watch, helmsman, or second officer to hm seen, search high and low. The cabin lamp was out; the binnacle lamp was the only light available. Wo shouted-it was in vain ; we looked below and aloft, and thetn waited in terror for the dawn. Seeing tho skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light the lamp, and steadied myself against the starboard bunk. Great heavens) As I stretched out my hand, I felt and knew instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hand fell on the cold upturned face of the corpse. I staggered up, ran forward, and threw myself headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to lot the men know my tale. But still we waited for the daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together; they all had some weapon, mostly the iron belaying pins from the topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and the only sound was the weird whistle of the wind through the rigging, as the brig came up or rolled to leewards. An hour pasned, and thu-n broke the blessed dawn. A dark smso flew overhead, with a leaden sky all round. But oh, for thoblessed light i With set faces the mun kept their eyes on the skipper. Then he rose slowly and came aft; the men fell bea k right and left. A significant look went round, and as the skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at him, and he was thrown back on the deck. A, desperate struggle ensued. With the atreitgtlh of a maniac, the captain held one man i hi poiwerful grasp and fought and twisted, atl at last rose straight up, still retaininng his hold, till he cr?lnhd against the weathelr gangway hoard, a frail piece of timiber ; and, tie the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed teaman in his grasp, u"ll headlong ovcrboanl, and rose no With trembling steps the men arowded into tire cabin, and there, in the captain's bunk, stark and cold and bloody, lay the luxly of the sece,nd mate, with his throat cut from ear to ear. There was no tr:ace of a utruggle : the detail of thlat tragedy will ever remain a mystery. Carefully the body was wrapped up and shrouded---nuly one glance was given to it to be assured no life remained. The main topsail wars once more backed, and without a prayer, though not unmournled, the corps snlote the water and sank. I awoke to consciousness in the hospital In Liverpool; but even to this day do I involun tarily shiver when my mind calls back this mennory. I learnt afterwards that the men, having foind an anker of whlskey, held a enturnalia. The P'earl was picked up by a revenue cutter, and taken up the 3orsey,. with four men missing and the strictest official inquiry never yet unravelled the mystery of the Pearl of Limerick. or whether the skipper was a responsible person anrd a common murderar for some unknown purpose, or a lunatic with a hronmiidul mamna. 