/ JESS, By H. Rider ilaacuiu). / CHAPTER XXIII : CCONTIN.UKH.) Down, right on to tlreih, its centre bowed out like tho holly of a sail by the weight of tho wind behind, swept the great' storm-cloud, while over all its surface the lightning played un ceasingly, appearing and disappearing in needles of fire, and twisting aiid writh ing serpentwiso round and about its outer ( edges. So brilliant was the in termittent light that it appeared to fire the revolving pillars of mud-coloured clouds beneath, and gave ghastly poops of river and bank and plain, miles upon miles away. But porhaps the most awful tliinrg of all was the preternatural silence. / Tho distant -muttering of thunder that they had heard had died away,/nn:l now the great storm, swept on iu silent majesty, like the passage of a glio';i,y host, from which there arose no sot) jff.of feet or of rolling wheels. Only befl i'.$ it sped the . swift angels of the w' and behind it swung the curtain / e rain. < :ven as Muller spoke, a gust, of icy air caught the cart and tilted it, and the lightfiing needles began to ply more dreadfully than : ever. The storm was breaking iip'on. them. .' Come, get on, get onl' he shouted, 'you will be killed here ; the lightning always strikes along the water and as he said it struck one of the. wheelers sharply with his whip. ' Climb over the . back of the scat. Mouti, and stand by to help me' .with the reins !' sang out John to the Zulu, who obeyed, getting between him and Jess. 'Now, Jess, hang- on and say your prayers, for it strikes mo we shail have need of them. So, horses, so !' The horses backed and plunged, but Muller on the one side and the smooth faced Boer on the other lashed them without mercy, and at last in they went into the river with a rush. Tiio gust, had passed now, and for a moment or two there was renewed silence, except for the whirl of the water and the snake- like hiss of the coining rain. For a few yards, ten or fiftcon por haps, all went well, and then John suddenly discovered that thoy were getting into deep water ; the two leaders wore evidently almost off thoir legs, and could scarcely stand against the current of the flooded river. ' Damn you !' lie shouted back, ' there is no drift here.' ' Go on, go on, , it is all right !' came Muller's voice in answer. John said no more, but putting out all bis strength, tried to get the horses found. Jess turiied herself on tho seat to look, and just then came, a blaze of lightning which revealed Muller and his two companions standing dismounted 011 the bnnk, the muzzles of thoir rifles pointing straight at tho cart.. ' Oil God !' she screamed, ' tlicy are going to. slioot us.' Even'l is the words passed her lips three fqK&ies; of flame flared out- fmm the rilpf,, uioutli, and the Zulu Mouti, sitting/ her side, pitched heavily forward 011 to his head into the. bottom of the cart, while 0110 of the wheelers reared straight up into the air with a shriek of agony, and came down with a splash into the river. And then followed a scene tho horror of which baffles my, poor pen. Over- head the storm burst in fury, and flash after flash of fork, or rather chain lightning, fell into the river. 'The thunder, too, began to crack like the trump of doom ; the wind rushed down, tearing the surface of the water 'into foam, and, catching under the tent of tho cart, lifted it right off the wheels, so that it began to float. .Then tho two leaders, made mail with fear by the fury of the Btorm and the dying struggles of the off-wlieeler, plunged and tore, at tlio traces till they actually rent themselves loose and vanished hotweon the darkness overhead and the boiling water beneath. Away floated tire cart, now touching the bottom and now riding on tlie water, like n. hnnfc. naf»illftfnnor fliin wfl.v itiul tliafcl mid slowly 'turning! round and round. ; With ' it floated, the dead liorso, dragging down the other wheeler beneath tlie water. It was awful to see 'his struggles in tlie glare of the lightning, hut at last he sank and choked. ! And, meanwhile, sounding sharp and clear across the din and hubbub of the storm, came the cracking of tlio three rifles whenever the flashes showed the ' hereabouts of tlio cart to the murderers' "'h the bank.- Mouti was lying still in bottom on tlie bed-plank of- the cart; jaujiullet between his ' broad shoulders and <vanqtlrer in his. skull ;butJolm: felt excha.\his life was yet whole in' hint,' of the. something had hissed past' his 'uP%|ih1 stung it. Instinctively ho or.b&l; across the. cart and drew Joss to ithis knee, and - cowored over her, — -iikinA- dimly that perhaps his lioily wTjiild pfi'otccfc her from tho bullets. : f'Jiip \g rij> ! through the wood ;and Hiflnvas f-t phut I phatl through tlie air'; uicut sojnic merciful power protected tlrem- nd if hough one cut Joiui's coat and ' wo- massed through the skirt of Jess' 'dressy not a bullet . struck them. And (very X 0011 tho, .shooting began to grow 'sMm-jqipd' then that dense veil of rain w cWQw'iown and wrappc-l thorn so close tln.\ .yen tho lightning - auld not show thcVWhereabouts to the assassins 011 the 'hanljl/ '.' . ' on.-«liootiiig,' said Prank Muller ; PiSfefc has sunk, and there is an end No I .man being can linvo ,rha«r.roiigli that fire and tho Yaal in _«fid.' ; ' Tlio two Boors., ceased firing, and tho Unicorn shook his head softly and re marked to his companion that the damned English people in the water could not- be much wetter than they were on tho bank. It was . n, curious /. thing ttb:.say at such a moment, ' but. probably the spirit that animated the remark was not so much callousness as ' that which animated Cromwell, who flipped the inlc in- his neighbour's faco when lie signed the death-warrant of his Uing. Tlio Vilderhocste made ' ho" 'reply. Ilis conscience was oppress ; lie had a tnieli of imagination. Ho thought of tlio soft fingers that had hound up his head that morning; the handkerchief — her handkorcliicf !— was still around it. Now those fingors would ho gripping at the slippery stones of tho Vaal in 'their doath-strugglo, or probably thoy 'wore already limp in death, with little hits of gravel sticking, boncath tlio -nails. It was a paiut'ul thought, hut lie consoled himself by thinking of the warrant, and also by the reflection that whoever had' shot the people lie had not,' for ho had been carelul to fire5 wide of the cart overy time. / Muller was. also thinking < of the warrant which , ho had forgod. He must get it. hack somehow, even if— ' Lot us take shelter under tho hank there.: There is a flat place,' about fifty yawls up, where tho bank lies over. This rain is drowning iis. We can't up- sncldle till it clears. I must have a nip of brandy too. Almighty ! I can see that girl's faco. now ! the 'lightning shone 011 it just as I shot. Well, she will ho in heaven now, poor thing, if English people ever go to heaven;' ' ' It was tlio Unicorn who spolco, and the Yilddi-bneste made no reply, but advanced with him -to where the horses stood. They took the patient brutes that were waiting for their mastors. tlieir heads well down, and the water stream ing from them; and led them along v -Mi them. .- Prank Muller stood by <£1 horse thinking, and watched N "them vanish into the gloom. Glow was lie to get- that warrant back ' Without dying his hands even -rodder than' tliey were;9 As-lie-rthought-an answercame. j Por at that .moment, accompanied by a 'fear ful- tliniderclapV 'tlierc 'shot froni tlie storm overhead, which had now nearly passed away, one of those awful flashes that sometimes end an African tempest1. It lit up tlio whole scene round nsdight as day, and right in the white -heart of it Mullor saw his two companions in. crime mul thoir horses as, the great king saw tho moii in' tho furnace, They, were about forty paces from him 011 the crest of tho hank. He saw tliem, one moment erect;- the nest — men and horses falling this way mid that prone to tlie earth. Aud thou it was all dark again. 'Ho staggered with the shock, aud when it had' pnsscd rushed .to'' the spot, calling tlie' 111011 by name ; hub 110 answer came except the echo of his voice, He was there now, ripd the moonlight began to struggle faintly, through the rain.' Its pale beams lit upon two outstretched forms— 011c lying::on its back; its dis-- torted features gazing up to lioaveii, the other on its face. By them, the jogs of the nearest sticking straight into tho air, lay tho two horses. They had' all gone to thoir account. 'The lightning had killed 'thorn, as it kills many a man in Africa. Prank. Mullor looked ; and , then, forgetting about the warrant and every thing else in tho horror of what lie took to bo a visablo judgment, rushed to his horse and galloped widly away pursued by all the terrors of hell. -( CHAPTER XXI Y. THE SHADOW OF UEAT1I. ' The firing from the hank had ceased, and John, who still kept his head (being a rather phlegmatic specimen of; the Anglo-Saxon race,) realised/ that, for tlio moment at any rate, all danger from that source was ended. Jess lay I per fectly still in his arms, her head upon 111s urease; ann a nomine luea sis-uca him that sho might be shot ; perhaps already dead ! 'Joss, Jess,' lie shouted through the turmoil of the . storm, 1 aro ,ybu all right?' _' Sho lifted her head an inch or. two— 'I think so" she- said. 'What is going on?' 'God only knows, 'I don't.' ' Sit still, it will be all square.' But in his heart lie kuew that, it was not 'all square,' and that they wore in imminont danger of death from drown-' ing. Tliey wore whirling down a ranging river in a cart. In a few 'moments it was prol able that. the cart would upset,' and then — : - ;:l Presently the. wheel , humped against something, and tho cart gave 11/ ' great lurch arid' then scraped aloiig a little./ ' ' Now for it,' thought' John,' for! the water was (pouring over the flooring. Then came, a check, and the cart leitht still favther to one side." ' " i Crack ' The polo hail : gone; and the cart swung round' bows,' or rather box; on to tho stream.' : What had happened was. this : tliey had stuck. across a rock that projected up from the bed of the river, the force of tlie current.hayiiip, washed the. dead' horses to the one (side and the cart t'o the other., , . Consequently they were anchored to the. rock, as; it wore, the anchor being the dead houses, and the' cable the stout traces of .'uh: tanned ldathbr. So long as those trace's and the' rest of the harness hold tliey woro, comparatively speaking, safo ;;hiit of course thoy did not know; this. LIUlCvIl) ' Ull3<yr JIUUW UUMIIIlg. . jttUUhw them rolled the storip, and found them tlio waters soothed, and tho. rain hissed. 'Tliey- know nothing ' except that thoy wore helpless living ' 1 atoms'- tossing between the- wild' waters and thhAyilder night, with imminent death staring them iii tho faco, around,, above, and holow! To" and fro they swung, locked fast iii oiifeli' other's arms,, and as they. did so chiiio that awful flash that, though >thoy.kne\V it not,, sent two of: tho lpurderers :to their account, and for an instant, reven' through the sheet of "rain, illumined Glib space of boiling water and the long lilies of the bank on cither side. It showed the point of rock in which thoy wore affixed, it glared upon tlio head of 0110 of the poor horses tossed up by tho driving curront as/thoagh it were trying to rise from1 its watery (loath, and revealed tlio forth of the dead Zuluj. Mouti, lying 011 his face, 0110 arm hanging .ovor- the edge of tlio cart and dabbling, in the -water that ran level- with it, in ghastly simi larity to some idle passenger iii a 'pleas ure boat, who' lets his fingers slip softly through tlio stream. -, . : In .. a second it was gono, and t'i werb once more in darkness, But tiu.i by degrees tlio storm passed off and the moon hogan to shino, feohly iudood, for the sky was not clear washed of clouds, which' still'trailbd along in the tracts of the teiiipest, sucked aftor it by its mighty draught. Still it was lighter, and tlio rain" gradually thinned till at last it 'stopped; The storm had passed in niajosty down tho ways of ' the night, and tlio ro was 110 sound round thoni but the sound of rushing water. ' John,' said Jess presently, ' can we (do anything?' ' , 'Nothing, dear,' ' Shall we escape, Jolin ?' He hesitated. 'It is in God's hands) dear. AVe are in great danger. If tho cart upsets we shall be drowned. Can you swiin?' ' : 'NoJohir.' 1 If we caii liang.on hero till daylight we may get' ashore, if those devils aro not there to shoot 11s. , I do not- think that our chance is a'gobd one.' '' John are you afraid io die ?' , He hesitated,, , ( ' I don't kn.ny, dear, rhope to meet it like a man.' "'Tell lire lyhat you truly think. Ts there aiiy hope for iis at all '?' . Once'.' more ' he paused, reflecting whether or no he. should speak the truth Finally lie decided to do so. .' I can sob none, Joss! If we (ire not drowned wo arc sure to be shot. Tliey will wait about the hank till morning, 'and for theiy. own.,.snkes they will not dare.to let us liye,' He did not know that all that was left of ' two of them woiild indeed wait1 for many a long year, and that the third had fled aghast; ' Jess, dear,', lie went on, ' it is no good to tell lies.,.- , Our lives-may end any minutes.' ' Hiiin'aiily speaking,) jtlioy must end before the sun is up.' , : The wordB iyeroaivful, enough —if tho reader can by an effort of .the imagina tion' throw himself for a momont into tlio' position ) of those . two, lie will perhaps understand. how awful!. It is a dreadful thing;)', when in the full- flow -of- health" and youtli, to he suddenly placed face to face with the ccntaiiity of violent death, and to" know, that in a few more . minutes your course will have bccii run, and, that you will have com menced te explore tlie future, which my prove to be even worse, because more enduring, than the life you are now quitting in agony. ; It is a dreadful thing, as any .who have ever stood in such a poril can testify, and John felt his heart sink within him at tho thought for , death is very strong. But there is one thing stronger, a womun's.porfcct love. Against this. Death himself can- not prevail. And so it came, to pass that now as lie fixed his cold gaze upon Jess's byes thoy answored him with a strange unearthly light. She feared not Death, so that she might meet him; with her beloved. Death was her hope and opportunity. Here she had none ; thoro she might have all — or sleep. , Tlio fetters had fallen from her, struck off by an overmastering hand. Ilor duty was satisfied, her trust fulfilled, and she was free— free to die with lier beloved. Ay ! lier love was indeed a love deeper M'"" tlio (?rnvf> / ---1, — strength, standing tiptoe upon the earth, ready,' Avium', dissolution had lent its wings, to soar to love's own star. . ' You aro sure, John ?' she asked again. ' Yes, dear, yes. Why do you force me to repeat it ? I can see 110 hopo.' Her arms were round his neck, her soft curls rested 011 his cheek, and the nreatn rrom lier lips .played upon Ins face. Indeed it was oniy by speaking into each other's ears that conversation was feasible, owing to the rushing sound of the waters. . . '... ' Because I have something to tell you which I cannot unless, wo arc going to (die. You know it, hut 1 want to say it with my own lips before I die. I love 'you, John, I looe ynu, I love, you ; and I am glad to die because I can die with you and go away with .you.' "He hoard, and siich was the power of .her , love that , his which (had been put out' of . mind in the terror of that, hour, reawbk'6 iind took the colour of lier own. He ; too forgot the1 im minence of death in the. warm presence of' 'his' dowh trodden passion. ...Sho was in1 his "arms' as lie had ;taken her. during, the firing, 'and. .he "bent his head to look at lier. The moonlight played upon hoi- pallid, quivering face, . and showejl '.that.' iii' her eyes from which. i 110 man' cb'uld look, upoii and tiirn. away. Oiioe ) more— yes, 1 . .even! then — there came over Iiiiii ' that) .feeling pi. utter, surrender, to the sweet mastery, of her will which had' possessed him" in the sitting-rooiii :of 'The 'Paliltiftl ; ' " But" now, all earthly considerations haying faded away, ili'e 110 longer ( ) hositafayi, hut . pressed ; Ins lips against' hers aud . kissed lier. again and again.-, It was perhaps, as-, wild. and pathetic a love-scene , as . over the old mbqn above lias looked upon. > There they were, those , two, experiencing tlio fullest and acutpst joy, that life has to offer , in tho actual shadow of death; .Nay, death was.. present witli tliem) for bllQl Oj> . . UoIIOJvUI kllOir .ilUcUyi IUbllIlUlilUll by tlie water,, was. the stiffuing corpse, of the Zulu, ... ;-«i- "To .and fro swung the cart,- in '.the rush of the . swollen river, up and down beside tliouv the carcases of the liorsos 1 .rose .and,, fell ,, with the swell of (tho water, on- whose 'surlace the hrolcon moonbeams played and quivered. Over head (was tlio, ,bluo, star-sown depth through which; : they; wero Awaiting .presently to pass and to the right and left the long, broken outlines of the hank stretched away till at last tliey appeared to grow together in, the gloom. . But they heedednono of these things; thoy remembered nothing excopt that tliey liad'found oacli other's hearts, and wore happy with a wild joy it is' not often givouto us to feol. Tlio pastjwas forgotton, tho future was at. hand, (aud .between the. one and the other (was spanned a bridge of passion made per fect and sanctified, by the approaching ,end,. Bessiq ..was forgotten, all things wove forgotten for they iwero alono with Love, and Death,': 'Let: .those who would blam'e tjiom pause. awhilo. . "Why not? Tlieyjhad kept the faith; Tliey had denied them- selves and run straightly down tho path of duty. But tho.coinpacts of life ond with lifo. No man may bargain for tho beyond! Even tho marriago sorvico shrinks from it. And now that hope had gone and lifo was at its oxtromest ebb, why 1 should tliey not tako thoir- happiness before thoy passed to tlie land whore, perchance, all things will bo for gotten? . So,, it scouted to t,hcin ; if indeed tliey wore any longer capablo of reason. He looked into her eyes and she laid lier head upon his heart in that mute abandonment of worship wlijch is some times to he met with in the world, and is redeemed from vulgar passion by an indefinable quality of its own. Ho looked into her eyes and was glad to liave (lived, ay, even, to have reached this hour of death. And she, lost in the depths of lier own nature, sobbed out lier passion- laden .heart upon his breast, and called him her own, lier own, her very own ! - And so the long .hours passed un heeded, til at last a newborn, freshness in the .air told them thai tliey were not far from dawn. The dentil they were 'waiting for had not yet come.'' It must now be very hear at hand. . 1 John,', she , whispered in his ear, ' do you think they will shoot us ?' ' Yes,' he said hoarsely ; ' they must for their own safety.' . . - f, ' I wish it were over,' slie said. Suddenly she started hack .from lier arms with a little cry, causing the cart to rock violently. , , ! T forgot,' ! she silid'; ' you can swim, though .1 cannot. Why cannot you swim to tho bonk and get off under cover of. the: darkness ?; T It ! is not: more thim fifty yards, and the current is not so very swift.' " " . I The idea of escaping without Jess had never oecured to him, and , now j that she suggested it, it struck liirn as so absurd that lie actually broke into a ghost of a laugli. " ' ' Don't talk nonsense,, .Teas, '.lie said. 'Yes, yes, "I will. , Go ! Yon must go ! It does not matter about mo now. I know you love me, and I can die happy. I will wait for you. Oli, John ! wherevsr I am, if I, have . any life and any remembrance I will wait for you. Never forget that all your life. How ever far I may seoni away, if I live at all,! shall he waiting for you. And now go ; you shall go, I say ! No, I will not ho disobeyed. If you will not go I will throw myself into the water. Oh, the cart is tiirning'over !': ' 'Hold on," for God's sake! shouted John. "The traces have broken.' Ho was right; 'tlio tough leather was at length worn through by the constant rubbing against tho rock, and tho strain and swaying of the cart on the one side, and of the dead horsos on the other. Round it spun , broadsule 011 to tire current, and immediately " beg in to; hcavo ovor, fill ai; last tho angle was so sharp that the dead body of poor Mouti slid out with ii splash and vanished into the darkness. This re lieved tho cart, and it righted for a moment, but being now 110 longer held up by the bodies of the horses or bv the liUMUVIIIlli .. .« ...w ttiuu 4uVv>gUU to fill and sink, and at the same time to revolve round and round. John realised that it was all iip, and that to stop in the cart would only mean certain death, because tliey would bo hold under water by the canvas tent. So, with a devout- aspiration for assistance, lie sejzeil Jess' round the waist with one arm and sprang nff infn fliA wnAP A a "Jrl a Vltil 'an flio pin'fc filled and sank. 'Lie still, for Heaven's sake;!' Ire shouted, as they rose to the surface. In the dim light of _ the dawn which was now creeping over the eartli, I10 could make out the lino of the left bank of the Vnal, tho same from which tliey had started into tho river on the previous night. It appeared to bo about forty yards away, -but the eurrent was running quite .six knots,, and. lie realised that, burdened' as lie was, it would ho quite impracticable for him to try and reach it. Tlie ionly tiling1 to ' do' was to keep .afloat. .- Luckily . the water-was -warm, and he was a strong swimmer. In a minute; or so - ho made out" that about fifty paces ahead some rocks jutted out twenty yards into the bed of the stream. Then; catching Jess by the (hair with his. Joft hand, lie . made' his -effort; and a desperate one . it was. , , The broken water boiled fHriously round' .the rocks. Prosontly, lie was in it, and; hotter still, his feet touched the ground. > Next, second lie was swept off 1 tliein and rolled over and (over at -the1 : bottom of) the river, getting i sadly knocked about . again b. the boulders! Somehow;- ho struggled to his legs, still rotaining his hold of1 Jess. '. -Twico'dio fell, and'twico ho .-struggled.: up c-again.-- '-Ono more effort— so. The water-: was -only up to his thighs now, ;md< \- 1 10 was obliged to half carry his companion. -- , -As I10 lifted her he felt a deadly kick- noss come ovorhim, but still lie struggled on like a man, till at last tliey hotli fell of a heap upon a big flat roek> and for a iii ulivillv idiituuludluu' uu iiiulu. ' i When lie -came to himself again it was to find who', had recovered sooner; thanpiljPhad, standing bveriliim and chafingKis5 hands." Indeed, iis tho sun was up, lie guos'sed that he ihust have lost his senses for some time! ; Ho rose with soino difficulty and shook him self.' Excopt for some bruises, ho jwas sound enough. : ; j i-i'Aro you hurt?'" 'he asked'.'of' Jess, ,wlio, pale and faint' and bruised,' lier) hat gono,'- her dress' tori! by bullets and the rocks, anil 'dripping water at 'every step, looked an exceedingly forlorii object. 'No,-' 'she said feebly, ' ' not' very Unnch.' : ' 1 " : , j Ho sat down on tlio rock in' the siiii,' for tlicy wero both shivering with cold! ' 'What is to bo dono ?' lie asked. " ; : ' Dio,' (she said .florcoly ; ,!!, meant to' 'die— why did you not let me die? ; Ours I is a '.position that only death .can' sot j straight'.' . . , . . I I' Don't he., alarmed, ',( lre said,! yrnir desiro'. will' sooii ) ho gratifieil ;, t|iosQ, lnurdoring yillians (r( will . hujit, lifi up : prcseiitly.' ( , , ' ,v . . , 1 , 1 (To be Continued.): . „ 