2'IE STORY OF PRINCE RUDOLPH. MAzY conflicting statements have been cur rent respecting the death of Prince Rudolph, Orown Prince of Austria. The following narratives (compiled by the London corres pondent of the iMelbourne Argus, and dated 8th February) supply details of the versions most widely circulated : Prince Rudolph had for the last three years at least been living in a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, and his infi delities completed the separation. Gradu ally it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so atta?hed, were leading a cat and-dog life. The prince took to drinkiing to excess, and being of slight build, a nervous lymphatic temperament, and highlyimagina tive and exitable, he could not stand wine. Hie lost his interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-shooting and deer-stalking. He was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure in loose society, became smitten with a fondness for ghost stories and spirit ualism, and was haunted with a fear that he might become mad, like Louis IIof Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness von V., a young lady, twenty-one years old, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to an old Czech family, and was niece of a well-known Austrian sports man. The acquaintance between the baroness and the crown prince began some months ago. This increased the estrangement between the prince and his wife. He scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently on receiving the assist ance of the emperor, on account of the dis appointment experienced by his majesty when the doctors certified that the crown princess could have no further issue. To the crown prince's surprise and disappoint ment however the emperor point blank re fused to countenance anything of the kind. His majesty professed himself, as he un doubtedly is, very much attached to the crown princess, and he rated his son for his unmarital conduct. On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible scone betweeon the prince and his wife. The Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in 3Belgium, and the prince taunted her with haviug no son. The emperor had to interfere. He told the prince that lie would appoint him Governor of Bosnia and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, "you will hlave to load a reputable life, and there will be an end to all those scandals." At the same time the emperor cautioned the princess to be more patient with her husband. The crown prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Reuss's reception. On that same Sunday evening he was wearing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. The next morning his father sent for him, and repeated wlhat hlie lhad said on the previous dlay, but with more peremp toriness, additeg that hlie would give the prince a week to make his submission, and promise to lead a better lifo. The prince became very angry, and left his fatlher with out kissing his hand, according to the Aus trian custom. Striding away to his apart monte, he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philip of Coburg, and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Moyerliug for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards lie started for Moyerling in a two-horse cab, driven by a man named Bratfiech, a noted singer of comic songs. On Tuesday night the prince dined with Count Hoyos and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but lie gradually brighltened up; and after dinner, Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to him. The prince, Count Hoyos, and Bratfisch remained to gether until three o'clock in the morning; but during the intervals between Bratfisech's songs, the prince several times left the din ing-room and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 8 a.m. this singular company separated on the understanding that the prince would go out shooting at nine o'clock in the morning. From this point the accounts differ, some telling the gamekleeper's story, and making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness yon V., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy, of Portuguese ex traction and fierce temper. Tile day after the prince's departure from Vionna she went out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse together. On reaching Meyer ling she insisted on seeing the prince. The interview quite unnerved him. She stormed, and declared that her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the prince would take her openly under his protection, and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. The prince was so fright ened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed that she should remain for the night at Meyerling, and she was accordingly installed in the lodge of the gamekeeper, a man named Gothslchart. In the night the prince slipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see the young lady. At this hour the under keeper, a man named Weederiug, was going his night rounds. He had orders to call the head-keeper at six o'clock, and at the hour appointed hlie went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun slung over his back. Suddenly, while he knocked atthe front door of the house he heard a window at the side open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the prince was in the house he ran round, and saw a man scampering off in the dark. He shouted "stop" and the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedering hurried up, and the crown prince, struggling to his feet, gasped out, " I am the Archduke Rudolph. I am hit. Lead me to the Schloss." Tbe prince swooned just as he reached the window, where the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. Weeder ing appears then to have called out in his distraction that he had killed the prince, upon which the girl withdrew with a dis mayed shriek, and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. It is not certain whether the prince knew what she had done. Thie only certain thing is that recovering quickly from his swoon he ordered Weeoodering again to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him the strictest injunctions to hold his tongue. The prince then went home, and shortly afterwards was found lying dead, drenched with blood. He was lying half out of bed, and a revolver was on the floor. According to another story the game keeper's tale is all false, and the truth is said to be as follows:-TTho prince wont to Meoyorling, and the Baroness Marie disap peared, leaving a note for her mother in which she said- that she was going to drown herself. Her terrified mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be made. Detectives were accordingly placed upon the track of the young lady, and on the follow ing day they made the discovery that she was staying with the crown prince at Meyer ling. Count Taaffe conveyed the information to lier mother, who, on Wednesday morning, tihe day of the suicide, went to the emperor and laid the matter before him. On return ing home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated from MLeyer!ing, in which the youthful baroness announced that she and the prince had resolved to com mit suicide together, The prince had pro mised hler marriage as soon as he ob tained his divorce from the princess, and when he informed her that this was now impossible owing to the emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to iom mit suicide. This they did on the Wednes day morning in the bedroom of the prince. When Loschek, the prince's valet, entered the bedroom in the morning, after having vainly linocked for admittance, he found the bodies of the two lovers lying on the bed. Before calling for anyone he carried the body of the baroness into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Hoyos, on being sum moned by Loschek, entered the bedroom, they saw only the body of the crown prince, and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the emperor. On being informed of his son's death, the emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, "I would rather have lost a pro vince than that this disgrace should have befallen me." The correspondent of the Daily News at Rome states that he has been able to learn tile exact particulars of what occurred at tlhe Vatican between the Holy See and the im pierial family of Vienna on the oooasion of Prince Rudolph's death. ThoePope received the first telegram, announcing simply the death of the prince, to which his holiness himself wrote a reply of a few lines, and this for him was an extraordinary thing to do, as lie has the greatest diffioulty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vienna, explaining all the circumstances of the ease, from which it appeared that there had boon both a suioide and a duel. A diflcoulty therefore arose to decide whether the archduke ehould have religious burial according to canonical law. Suicide being considered ill the light of madiness a religious seOvice is granted, but it is not allowed to those killed in duels. The congregation of cardinals immediately assombled by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion, the cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind oould have entered into suoh a duel. The natural con sequence of the decision was that the neces sary permission was granted. The emperor received the news with the deeposet grati tude, and telegraphed to the Popo thlet in his great boreavemont his holiness had spared him theo greatest grief. 