EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH • DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author o! "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," " Strange Glues," " Traced and Traokad," " Solved Mystaiies," &o;< TS&e; Bailor's liost Sweet heart, &. sailor, iu hia smart goa3hore suit ia generally the very, picture of gaiety and j.oy, but'this one came into the offioe looking sub dued aud depressed, as if he had beeu foolish !acu iusu uu ms money ana ni3 waron, ana wished our help in getting them baok. I-ex pected that, very common complaint, and therefore let him wait till every bas waa gone —the more so as he appeared by- no means anxious to 3tate his case before these; Then he floundered and blushed like a girl, ao much that I tried to help him by saying kindly— " You have lost some of your valuables and want us to try to get them back," " That's so, sir," he responded in great re lief: lf IHe lost all I valued in this world—" " All ? Then it is serious." " It iB, for me," and his lip quivered a3 he spoke, " for it's my—my sweetheart." Oh—ah—I understand; not gone away and married some one else while you were at sea?" I hurriedly replied, to give him time to recover his firmness. c- No, I wish to God she had!" he returned with great fervor, " for then I should bo hap pier." "L,un away then?" "Something like that, sir," ha answered, with a choking gulp, " And you want me to find her for you " Obj no, sir j I've found her myself," ha hastened, to say, with a curious look on hi3 browDj handsome face. >' You're a detective, I suppose, and it's rather a queer story I've to tell, and rather a queer job I want you to do, but—you're not the one they call McGovan, are you?" I smiled and nodded. " Oh, well, then, I'm pretty sura you v/out laugh at me for coming here," he continued, with another long breath of relief. "I don't see why I shouldn't come here either, Jeanie has been stolen from me, and she's surely worth more than a watch or a purse? You sea we were sweethearts at school—that wa3 in Glasgow—and as we lived a bit out of the town and near each other, we used to go in and come home together, In the summer I always had a flower for her, for we had a garden and her folks hadn't, for they were poor. Wall, when I went to sea she became a teacher and I didn't see her for four years. When I did meet her I couldn't believe I was looking at a woman at all; she was like a kind Gf angel come straight down from heaven, she was so beautiful, and modeist, and shy. The only thing about her that hadn't changed was her sweet smile: that was just the same, and it is so still," and the young sailor's brow again darkened, " Then you became engaged to her?" "Yes, straight off. I thought I'd have rather a weary time of it home, but maating Jeanie changed all.that, and the furlough was , gone before I knew. The first time I saw bar when I got back my breath, I said, 'Jeanie, you're too beautiful too have me for a swset . heart now.' Said she, 1 Tom Kirton. you must : never think that or say it either.' She looked ' so sweet and serious with her earnest bsautiful eyes locking right through me, that I took courage and said, 'Who xs you* sweetheart now?' Well, Bhe went a3red as a ro3a and ; looked down on the floor and said; ' I've never • i had one, Tom,' 'Except me, of couraa?' I' | said. 'Except you,- Tom,' she answered, and I it was all right between U3 from that minute. ! Before I left, I said to her, 'How long will ! you wait for me, Jeanie ?' 'All your life if you i like,' was her answer, and I went away happy i and content, for I knew there wa3 truth and • troth in every word and look." j "But how was Bhe stolen?" I ventured to J ask, thinking of course that the girl had bean } taken away by foroe, > "I'm coming to that now," he sadly con : turned* " I wa3 to have been away > for two • years, but I was gone for three; and aa bad ' luck had it, the > firdfc year a ship of the name as j mine went down with all hands, so that > ail on \ board "our ship were thought to be dead. It i wa3 after that that > Jennie got acquainted with ! a fellow called Kobert Blair. Nobody knew anything about him, though he called Himself a jeweller, and seemed to have lota of money; ! but _Je&nie;'s folk didn't like him, and at last 1 the fellow so worked on cocr Jeanie that ha got her to run away with him," " Oh, indeed! then it wa3 not an abduction after all," I exclaimed, thinking all the time spent in listening to the simple sailor lo3t. "She went away with him, leaving a letter for her mother and sisters which stated that she was to be* married to Blair, and that a3 they . were all opposed to it, she thought it usele33 to tell them where she had gone to. Just a year after that I came home and heard it all. I was nearly killed by it; and when I got up, and be fore I was quite strong, I hajl to go off again to . sea. Six weeks ago I came back, and I've been I all that time hunting for Jeanie. I just wanted ' to see her and ask her if she had forgotten her troth to me, and if she was happy—I didn't want to reproach her at all, for if she wa3 happy . that was all I cared for. I said to her folk— i ' I'm going to find out Jeanie though I take a ! year to it,' I went after Blair first, and fonnd i that he bad been put away from the jsweller's Ut I disgrace before he atole my sweetheart. After i that he had come to Edinburgh here; and got on ; but poorly as a traveller. He was a fast fellow and drank hard, though he wa3 clever enough when he liked. I could not pick up what' he . had done after the travelling business, till at ! last I found him serving in a publio-hou3& a? ■' barman. He did not know me, and; I went : and saw him. and spoke to him, but I took a ) Bhipmate with me, telling him to pull ma off i and get me away if I should suddenly forget • myself and try to kill somebody. The name t above the shop is Biyth, and it's just down j the street there"' , "I know the Bhop and the man, too," I re 1 marked. " Well, did you attack him?" ' "No, I didn't, for he seemed too mean and : contemptible a wretch; besides, he wa3 such i a shadow that T was atraid my great strong i fist would go through him. I got a boy- in > the shop to tell me where Blair lived, and then got out of the place pretty quick—for at last I was to see Jeanie, and Bp'sak to her? • and look into those deep beautiful ey«3 that i always searched into the very soul of me." f' And you found them Hack eyes, I sup pose ?",I quietlylnterpoaed, knowing something of the reputation of the barman. " Something like that, sir," answered the sailor with a Bhudder, " The close I had to go down into and the stair I had to climb would have Eickened you. I couldn't believe that mjr pretty playmate and loving sweetheart could live and breathe in such a hole. An old wife like a witch at last pointed out the door to . me, and I knocked, and was told to " ooma in," It was Jeanie'a voice that told me tojcome iB, and my heart nearly stopped beating at the sound of it! I opened the door and there against the window I saw my lost sweetheart. She knew me at a glance, and gave out a long, shuddering cry as she sank down on her kneeat saying—'Oh, Tom why did the sea give you. up to make me more unhappy than I am?'" The sailor's voice got choked up a3 he trailed out the pitiful Bpeecb, and I pretended to be busy making some entries in my note-book till he should recover, " You know what you'd have dona yourself if you'd been in ;my place," he resumed, after a moment. ".I took the poor stricken la33 up-io my arms, and drew her close and kissed her a hundred times, just as if there had been no thing between us, You can't act by rul8 and right at Euch times—at least I couldn't,_ She was well nigh in rags, and looked a3 if Bhe hadn't had a good solid meal for twelvemonths. At last she remembered herself, and, crying hard all the time, put me gently away and led me to a cradle by the fire. . There was a baby in it, and her hot tears rained right down on its sleeping face. Sh9 knelt down so that tbB cradle and the baby waa between us, and I felt it was between U3—it was parting us for ever, There, as she knelt, not looking at me, but bending over her .bairn, Bbe told me what I'd already gue33sd. The villain had never married .her; had ill-treated: her, and once tried to kill her, and there aha was bound to him for life by that bairn, whioh he never looked at, and cared f orders than the dbg at his heels, I said to her,' Jeanie, you've been my sweetheart all the time; I've never Btppped loving you, and can't love any one else now; and- you'd never have gone away with that — villain if you hadn't thought me dead. Now, why Bbouldn't*you be .mine yet?' ITi never throw bim.in your teeth; and I'll take you away from here, and you'll have such a different life.' Well, she went. a3 white as a ghost at the kind words, but never looked at me, only crouched lower and lower, trembling so that the very cradle rattled* under her clenched hands, She got oat no answer but little, short cries, and at last flopped clean away in a faint., I'm glad Blair didn't come in then, fdr I know I should have killed him—I know it ! When I got her to .open her eye3 and sit up she waB in a great state to get me away, saying that: if Blair came in he would kill her. I said I hoped he would, come, as then he would never live to lay a finger on her, and I coaxed and kissed her, and asked her again to give up the villain and be my, wife, but she always. said, 1,'Ee would- take my bairn, from ma.1' ' Well, let him take it,' I. said; 'it's not the bairn, but y6u 1 want to save. • But she onlyv could not give it up 1' She said shs would \ love ©9 as long as sfe? lived/ and wore than * vtt sJIs tcy Br>We flier—that's what Bhe y JHd it» ilr, though U ««> only my love for fcsxresiSe tee make it—bat the could never 3Sive up her bairn " "No seed. for that if the is nat married to I battened to say. '"The child io IfcfcS cue i« here, to take away or train in wh it sssxtrcr place she pleases." "I m afraid not. sir," Bald the tailor tremu kttly, *>I think .the father haa all the pew**. "VThsre there is no marriage the law doe3 set rec^nite the existence of any father," I repeated. "Yen may tell her eo. and act on tie information in what way yon please and io perfect safety." Hie news seemed to take the very breath frrm the sailor, and his brown cheeka grew white with excitement, "Kl tell her eo, sir, yon may be sure," he cid, with a face now perfectly radians; " bat sew I'm coming to what has brought me here, I had along talk with Jeanle about Blair, and drew cot ol her that some one had taunted him with being a ticket-of-leave man, and that he had been put out of the jeweller's la Glasgow for having a hand- in a rob bery that was committed there a year oc two before he met Jeanie, Then I thought that if I could prove that, or get it proved, he might be taken away to prison for a good spell cf iyears, and then Jeanie might change her mind, and have me." I thought it extremely unlikely that Blair was a ticket-of-leave man, but not at all im probable that he might have been involved in suspicious affair at the jeweller's, as a devcr man like him would not otherwise have b*sn likely to leave a good situation of that kind to act as barman in a low public house, 5y apompari-on of dates and names I was able to prove that a large robbery of jewellery had tern made in Glasgow abont that time, but I cccld find no record of the conviction of the thieves cr of Blair's nam9 in connection with the esse. Leaving that point for after investi gation, I raid— " Bet Ehe does not need to changelier mind at s3 to have yea, Did you not say justnowthit she was both willing and eager to bs your wife if ehe ccnld be Enre that her child would not be token from her?' " Yeb." "Then there is nothing to prevent you mar rying ten wittia the hour, and telling Blair that his reign of terror is'at an end and his power ever her for ever gone." "Win you go with me and help me to tell her ec V he eagerly entreated; and no living being could have looked into those great glis 1 Using ej es of his and refused, I could not go with him. indeed, being busy, but there was nothing to prevent him from bringing her to see me. Be left joyfully, and in half an hbur re appeared bringing with him a poorly-clad but pretty yenng woman of twenty or so, with a child in her arms. It required ve y little argu ment to convince her that'she was free to go where the pleased with her chili and many whom she wished, but the dawn ing cf the look of joy and rapture cn her face ss the law was made clear to her was a right sever to be forgotten. It gave her such sew beauty and life that I began to see a faint ztftex cf what the sailor had described as her cesnty when she plighted her troth to him after his first long absence. It was a look such se yon might expect on the face of a prisoner shut fcr yeara in a dungeon and sullenly brought out into the sunshine and told to go free. Round at the Sheriff's offices a hungry yoncg lawyer was easily got ready to draw up s paper in which they accepted each other as husband and wife, and with that they went before the sheriff and made oath that such an agreement had been signed, and that there wab so impediment to the marriage. The sheriff accordingly granted power to have the marriage registered, and the whole thing was over. The simple sailor, like a good many more, seamed to be under the impression that it was the sheriff who Bad married him. instead of the signing cf the paper—and as he came out he said to me— " Well, he's a good old chap after all, and took -netting for his tronble, but he might have juat put cpa little bit of a prayer after it was over, Iwcnld have made it soldier like." The new-made wife did not seem to think it very solid Either, for she clung to the arm of her husband in tremulous joy and repeatedly said— "Ob, Tom! dear Tom 1 am t not dreaming all this, and will you not vanish away and leave me in my misery ?" to which the sailor replied by putting his strong arm right round her, aud softly drawing her face into his broad bosom, saying— "Its right, Jeanie, lass; it's no dream. Yc-uYe my sweetheart and my wife all iu one and whoever wants to part us must walk over my dead body first. We're to sail along to getter through good and bad, and never part convey till one of us goes down. I can scarce sf mweelf nv,rl iC 1 3 t_l J , it to the marines.:: The first shadow fell upon them when the sailor asked her it she wanted to back to her miserable heme. She had come away narria-jjy and wished to get s >me trifies which bdl jagei to her, yet she hesitated to go. " Ob, what will Blair "say ?— he will kill ec.6!" she breathed, cbnging cbser to her hus band. "Not while I'm- by," said Kirkton, with a fearless smite. '"Why, Jeanie, one drive ol that Set would go right through his miserable carcase. But you don't need to go at all. I'll go and get the things, and if he comes in I just tope fce keeps a civil tongue in his head for his cwn sake." "But he might' kill you!" exclaimed the young wife, still more alarmed, " He would run a knife into you as quick as look at vou No. I must go too." I offered to accompany them iu case there should be any encounter, and the offer was eagerly accepted. The things were trifling enough, being only some little presents which she had received from the sailor in hapoiar days. She had placed her child in the cradle white collecting these, and was kneeling before a box in front of the window, when a footaten sounded in the lobby without, and I saw her startho her feet and run across to the cradle. She had just got the child in her arms when the door opened and Blair entered. He stared atra and scowled at his wife, and then with a torrent of oaths ordered us out. We were tbeyirg without a word, when the young wife glided across the room and took the sailor's mm to go with him, _ Io an instant, with a \- v' i"-' ra8®» Blair darted forward and with his clenched fiat directed a terrific eJow at her temple, but at the same mo ment toe strong arm of the sailor hurled hi a upwards and the force was Bpent upoa air. " m,y wife» B1V said the sailor, with wouderfnl self-restraint; "and any one offer ing an insult to her must answer for it to me. If yen don't believe it ask Mr; McGovan, the detective there, who saw ua married," Blair was too passionate to comply; he would ccitter speak nor listen, but flew at the sailor hie a tiger thirsting for blood. For a few EDcxxer.te the muscular sailor in mercy merely warded tff the shower of blows; bat finding toem persistent he suddenly threw out his ief5 toe jaw of the barman. I actually thought I beard the hones crack as the man went down, but still he had not had enough of it, for te scrambled up, brought something out of his pocket, and made a dart forward. "It'e&_knife,." I shouted to the sailor, but the warning was not needed. His quick eye aad followed every movement, and before the knife could touch bun the wrist of the man grasping it was caught and jerked round in a <? *5 yvelL" Th,eni gripping Blair by the throat and body, the strong seaman earned hun across the room, kicked open the door, and then pitched him bodily down the *.» IT8 foH°wed at a gentler pace, and passed him as he stupidly sat up feeling his SF,esho^tedn-6 W6re D0arly °Ut °f 8'ghfc fae ie bacJt tta" fai"rn !-toe bairn at least h «ln0itab? faac?tfae bairn, and at the head of the close I parted from the sailor and tes wi.e, never expecting to see them again. But the case was not finished. Not half an fccur after I left them the sailor and his wife were attracted by some things iu a draner'a 52? ** th0 Hi(?h-8treet > Kirkton went into the shop For a moment, leaving his wife out « - e $*ew ?r 8uaPeoted anything, a man--Blair himself — darted forward wrenched the child from her arms, darted at SJS? "t;3. t".:,»2W ?i. J ' l e heartrending screams of the robbed mother brought out Kirkton anrt Sit6"6? 8 crow^^ tab mj munding the sailor, ran nither and thither not ateace of toe child-stealer was to ba found! When the distracted mother appeared before ?0 *™ZBB 8 «. *r horrible change in her _ features that I made sure she was. going mad, and I did not need the hurried whisper of Kirkton to urge me to ray I was "snreto get it back in an hour w alw t iau was B?r-e because I believed it. w°u!d have got it if Blair had gone to boe«! haunts of fugitives, but in \- EO.m0 etrangefreak, went and v wholenight among the whins in the seeing or speaking to no one. iw vE^iT88 i1"1010 unaccountable from the fact that the weather was severe, and that rain Si ^E^-t-m°ifc °f the Next day I bad an additional incentive, if such ware fteft bi th ky bf3D<?8 °a.Bh5r' discovering that by the confession of a convict it had been aece'tained that Blair's share in the Glasgow jewellery robbery had been supplying thf \a r8.uey t0 one of the doors and b»arl0^ti'8 same door nnfaatened. Mp y e.en 8uaPected and hence rjf.i^i^arge j 0Ut a character, but now if ccnld bepToved. ^1^ \- 1 wafted for nearly six hours torongh ewers deD^nd ^ovel « search of ^ but in ram, and had given- np for the day in wfwiif h ?'IienJ chanced to walk into the Sifl! 111 ,®bich he had been emploved. Ih^not been there five minutes when Blair wgted! ml I conld not believe my eyes! S££bte and cold and mireracie enougb, but the actual man I w&a; panting. But I wanted more-lSed toe child he had run off with, and that waB not with him. •'Why do yen put these on me?" he de manded in a peevish tone. "Sorely a man can't be pnniehed lor running away with his own bairo I" "Yon may be punished for that and other things," I significantly answered; "bnt mean time yon'd better tell me where yon have pot the child " Be grinned in a devilish faBhion and said — " I suppose Jean has nearly gone mrd about it?" " Pretty nearly." " I'm glad of that," he slowly answered, with diabolical coolness. " I hope she'll go right mad. She may as well, for she'il never see it again. Oh, it's hidden in a aafe place, I tell yon." The bo&Bt; was not an idle one, and, had all gone well, I doubt if the child Would have been discovered. The exposure and drenching in the Queen's Park had told more heavily upon the child than upon Blair, and in the morning he had got a little alarmed and taken it to the Children's Hospital, where he gave it in under a false name, at the same time, of course, tendering a false address, It was as he bad boasted, a safe hiding-place, but then he did not calculate on the child becoming worse, The day after bis arrest the condition of the little patient became bo alarming that the father was sent for, and the discovery.made that a false address-had been given. The result was that we were appealed toj and the description of the man tallied so olosely with that of Blair at the time of his arrest that I took the mother'with me out to the hospital before going myself. The scream of joy with which eke rushed to the little bed was all that was needed to convince me of the sound' nesB of. my suspicion. Under the nursing of its mother the little patient recovered rapidly, and I had the pleasure of telling Blair in his cell of the discovery and the happy re sult. But I suspect that the child never fairly got over the result of his brutality, for it died about three months after, as a black bordered note from the poor mother informed me. There was ereat difficulty in getting up the case against Blair, and at one time ws seriously thought of making an alternative charge against him of kidnapping tha child, but at length the whole of the facts connected with the Glasgow robbery, were pieced tozether, and one trustworthy witness secured as a prop to the evidence of two convicts, so that the caBe was risked on its owa merits. I would net have been surprised if it had ended in an acquittal or a verdict of "Not proven," bnt the jury happened to bs in a sharp mood that day, and found him guilty without leaving the box. His sentence was five yearB, and he never, go far a31 am aware, returned to Edinburgh. The Kirktons.Bettled at Leitb, and I sometimes met them and had a talk over their strange marriage, whioh neither has ever regretted. They have a family of their own now, but I suspect that among these none quite fillB the gap left by that little white faced one which was snatched from the arms of the new-made wife at the head of Jackson's Close, The title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue will be 1THE GASFITTER'S BLACKMAILER, 