Something to Read. " Adventurer "-one who goes out to meet whatever may come. Well, that is. what we all do in the world one way or other, and, speaking for myself, f alto proud of the title, because it implies a brave heart and a trust in produce Besides when many and many a noted croesus, at whose feet the people worship, and many and many a true-serving and. and word-coming politician are forgotten, the names of those grand-hearted old-ad venturers who made England what she is will be rembered and taught with loy& and pride to little children whose unshaped spirits yet slumber in the womb* of centuries yet to be. Not that we three^ can expect to be numbered with such a$ these; yet we have done something-? enough perhaps, to throw a garment over the nakedness of our folly.-A^lan QUARTERMAIN. " . \ Robert Denis sued Mr* Hejinikej; Heaton, M P., for Canterbury, for thfc recovery of ^"500, alleged to be due to paintiff of writing speeches, articles in the 1 National Review,' and letters to the 1 Times,' against the Postmaster-GeneraL (Right Hon, H, C. Raikes) from 1885 to 1888, also his statement read before the Colonial Conference, and for acting as Henniker Heaton's " ghost." The action has been settled by payment of ^"400^ and. ^200 costs, to paintiff The biggest theatrical poster yet atr tempted was recently used in London to puff " Harbour Lights." It measured 580 square feet and cost £600 per 1.000.: It is curious to see with what impetu ousity water seems to attack its enemy*, fire. Scarcely has the snake-like hose; passed its neck above the wall and shown the glittering copper tube in the flames, than it is seen to spout its stream of liquid steel full at the form of the thou sand-headed chimera. The furnace,, roused by the attack, roars amain, springs up more fiercely, and from its* ardent gorges spouts up flames and: showers of ruby sparks in all directions,, while endless tongues of flames dart simultaneously out through the doors and windows. Steam now blends with smoke, and clouds-black and white and grey,-eddied by the wind, wriggle and struggle in the dark. The hissing of the water responds to the roar of the fire,, and the fall of timbers is a magnificent spectacle, the flames vanishing for a moment in the midst of a startling crash, and a rush of sparks succeeds.-Victor Hugo's " Traveller on the Rhine." The best msdicine known is SANDER and SON'S EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its eminent woderful effects in coughs, colds, influenza, &c.-the; relief is instan taneous. Thousands give the most gratifying testimony. His Majesty the King of Italy, and medical syndicates ail. over the globe, are its patrons. Read the official reports that accompany each bottle. We have no occasion to offer rewards in proof of the genuineness of our references. The official reports of medical clinics and universities, the official communication of the Consul-General for Italy at Mel-, bourne; the diploma awarded International Exhibition, Amsterdam-all these are authentic documents, and, as such, not open to donbt. We add here epitome of one of the various cases treated by Siegen, M. D., Professor, etc.: Burning of the right liand through the explosion of a small oil stovp. The epidermis on the volar and . palmer side of the hand of thirty-years-old patient was completely separa ted and lifted up as far as the joint of the hand. The iike* wise lifted nails were hanging loose, and half of the phalanx of the nail of the middle finger was coaled. The wnunds thus contracted healed in three weeks under daily applica tions of Eucalypti Extract dressing. The patient has rc tained the full use of her hand.-[Advt.] The two Marys. Mrs. Leathem of the " Molong Express " is an out-and out Protectionist, while the other Mary, the wife of Garland, M. L.A., of the " Carcoar Chronicle," is a straight from-the-shoulder Freetrader-ess. DENTISTRY.-Mr. Willoughby, Surgeon-dentist; at Windsor Royal from the 15th until the end'of each month. At Richmond, Post Office Hotel; the two last Mondays in the month. * 