OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] 1 " Blue the Lord that mine eye hath seen it now let thy servant depart in peace." For over again on this side of the "golden gates " shall I see such another glorious and glittering pageant I have seen much of this world and its glory.. It is now nearly 40 years since I stood on Hyde Park corner when Prince Albert, then in his prime, passed by, attended by a brilliant cavalcade, to open I the Crystal Palace, the ghost of which now stands at Sydenham the wonder and delight of the modern cockney,' who' reads its legends in the light of ancient history and takes his sweetheart out once a week to see the wonderful fireworks It was a great day. ' All England was out, and many lands beside. Muley Hassan from the Saharan Desert gazed in wonder at an American threshing machine and mower, and Chinese, Persians, and Tartan regaled themselves on ham sandwiches prepared in Chicago, albeit the prophet had announced to the faithful that a devil incarnate lay hidden beneath the ribs of the succulent porker. It was a great day-a very great day; and the London " Times " on the following morning boldly declared " That as in all the ages the world had never before witnessed such a gathering, so centuries would probably pass before the world would witness such another." Then came the Exposition of Paris, and Louis Napoleon then in the zenith of his fame and glory, surrounded by one of the most brilliant staffs that over encircled an Emperor, proclaimed the First Paris Exposition open. Then came Vienna, and soon following our own national celebration, in 1876, Marvellous was that wonderful pageant. I stood near General Grant, on the grand stand when he came, attended by George Washington Childs, and I followed him down to machinery hall and stood beside the great Corliss engine when, with his hand on the lover he set that vast world of machinery in motion, whose rumbling thunder reverberated around the globe, Wonderful were the sight of that great day, never to be forgotten. Then came the Paris Exposition of 1878, where the wealth of the world poured its genius, its gold, and its glittering jewels into the Industrial Palace, on the Champs de Mars The dazzling splendour of the scene in the Trocadero, when President McMahon announced the Exposition open and, attended by the Prince of Wales, swept down across the Seine, no pen can lime and no mortal tongue describe. I lit here to-night with all these overpowering memories fresh upon me, yet, alongside of the pageant of the put three days they were but as the " Bounding bran and the tinkling symbol." The celebration of Washington's inauguration started in the brain of a single individual in a country town in New Jersey nearly five years ago. It was talked up and taken in hand by a few old fossils, who never did anything but talk, and the project died, still-born. After lying in the grave two years it was resurrected and the new committee gave it a start, but it was not till last fall that the committee was perfectly organised, then the thing took shape, and from that hour the celebration has grown like Jonah's gourd. It resembles a mighty river after a terrific storm, when the flood rises higher and higher and higher, till at lost it overflows its banks and, bunting all boards, sweeps everything before it. We know here in New York that we had a big thing on our hands, but not one in a thousand imagined the extent of the reality. New York is a large city, we are used to taking care of vast crowds of people. Fifty thousand a day is our floating population. Brooklyn in a city eight or nine miles long by five broad, solidly built with houses, yet with the densest packing, the broadest public liberality and the most boundless private hospitality, we could hardly shelter the struggling host that swept down upon us and fought for shelter and food with an importunity that would not be denied. For several days before the 30th the city began to fill up null by Sunday there was hardly a hotel or boarding house that had shelter for another soul. The quiet of the Sabbath was broken by the rush of thousands of strangers representing every class and condition of men. Gay uniforms were everywhere ; they surrounded the hotels, they filled the churches, they crowded the sidewalk. We have seen nothing like it since the war. Sunday night brought no peace. Bands of jubilant patriots paraded the streets all night sing- ing jubilee songs and occasionally switching off to a Moody and Sankey hymn, the burden of which was " Ninety and Nine " and intimating by way of parenthesis, that it would be a mighty cold day when any of that crowd got left. Monday', all New York poured down toward the Battery. All the warships at command had taken their stations in the harbour, and the entire bay was covered with all sorts of craft decked with the ' gayest of bunting. All the yachts were bright and trim, their bran and nickel plating glistening in the sun, and their snow-white sails in sharp contrast against the bright blue sky and the dark waters of the bay made the whole scene one of dazzling splendour. On every coign of vantage hundreds and thousands were perched and packed, all eyes being turned towards the lower bay from which the President was expected. At the Dispatch hove in sight pandemonium broke loose ; steam whistles screamed, cannon thundered, women waved their handkerchiefs, children cried, and men roared themselves hoarse, till the very heavens seemed to shake at the clamorous tumult of welcome. Then came the Grand Reception at the Equitable Building, the Reception at the City Hall, and the Grand Ball at night, which ended the first day in a blaze of Glory, Tuesday. Time was rolled v. weary. - ~w~»j . Acres near runs back 100 years. George Washington was once more on his way to take the oath of office as first President of the Republic. Wall-street has altered since George Washington stood on the balcony of Federal Hall to take the oath of office. Very plain houses, surrounded by pleasant gardens, stood between him and the river,, and within pistol shot was the old slave market, where, once each week, likely negroes were put up for sale, the auction: block standing in full sight right in the middle of the street. Far different was the scene that greeted President Harrison. Behind him was a massive structure of solid granite, and beside him, in imperishable bronze, the towering figure of the father of his country. sweet and joyous chimes rang out from Trinity's beautiful spire, not the same Trinity that Washington gazed on, though around its honoured waits moulder the ashes of many who were his auditors on that memorable day. It is impossible to accurately describe the scene in front of the Sub-Treasury building. Broad-street, Wall-street, and Nassau-street were one dense arms of human beings, struggling, twisting, fighting for a chance to see the show or set out, and ladies in fine dresses, for the nonce, had thrown their dignity and their fears to the winds, and intensified by soldiers' bayonets or policemen's clubs, fought their way to the front ranks a crushed bonnet and a torn shawl or dress often paying the price of the victory. It was a notable assemblage on the platform in front of the Sub Treasury. The Chief Magistrate, though the central figure, was by no means the most conspicuous- person there. Beside and around him were the noblest representatives of the intellectual culture, genius and wealth of the land, a company that might well have dwarfed a mightier man than the President. The peculiar character of our institutions was never better illustrated than in the fact that he who one year ago would have received the willing homage of millions was now an almost in- conspicuous observer of the pageant with none so poor to do him reverence. It is an easy thing for some paper headed critics to pooh-pooh at the efficiency of our citizen soldiers, but I pity that man if he be an American citizen, whose heart did not swell with pride as he saw our brave soldier boys march up Broadway on Tuesday, and the magnificent procession of Wednesday. For the first time in the history of the Republic the representatives of ( all the States met armed with the' panoply of war, but with good will upon their lips and peace in their hearts, to do homage and honour to the Republic which Washington and the Fathom founded. 'As soon as the exercises at the sub-Treasury were ended the President and his party dashed between the reviewing lines to the grand stand at Madison-square. Then for many hours passed in review such a glittering pageant, as no one in this land had ever been before, and which it is altogether probable none of the present generation will ever see again. The limit of these letters does not permit even a passing notice of this wonderful display. While the military pageant was imposing, far beyond anything over seen in New York, it was to the great mass of the people by no means the most interesting or instructive. The various tableaux in Washington's career carried one back a hundred years, and many of them told more eloquently than words, the sacrifices and triumphs of the men who won our independence and dedicated our land to freedom for ever. One tableau, Washington surrounded by his generals, will never be forgotten. Our German citizens covered themselves with glory. Their military displays are always good, for they are a nation of soldiers, but in civic displays the world cannot match them. In this letter there are a thousand things of which I desire to speak, but which I will have to defer to a future time. The reception at the Equitable Building ; the services at old St. Paul's, where Westlington knelt and prayed, and which is the only relic left standing on Broadway of revolutionary days ; the grand ball ; the supper ; the loan collection of revolutionary relics, which, better than whole libraries of books, give you an idea of the magnificence of those old Republican aristocrats who wanted to call Washington your Highness, and who addressed his wife a Lady Washington up to the day of her death. No less interesting than the wonderful pageant itself was the vast crowd of visitors from every State in the Union. And gratifying beyond expression is the fact that among a million and a half of strangers who visited our city, there were so few accidents and comparatively so few losses. Our country friends wanted to take in everything. The Bsrtholdi statue, the big Bridge, the obelisk in the Park, the Metropolitan Art Museum' and all the other sights. Our police organisation was absolutely perfect and order reigned in Warsaw. Hundreds of thieves were scooped up and caged where they could do no harm, thus enabling many a poor countryman to reach home without borrowing the money that carried him. The celebration is over and we now enter on the second century of our existence under a] constitutional Government. The scenes through which we have passed for the past week should fire our hearts with patriotism and love for the Republic which we trust will be the heritage of our children done to the J and of time. I 