TALE. A Murderous Mes merist. By Julian Hawthorne. Few pooplo aro awaro of tho oxistonco of a small hostelry near Slyno Head, on tho west const of Iroland. Tho ooal-blnck rooks and tho precipitous promontories of that desolnto region render . tho sccnory imposing, nnd tlio Btonna, which nro freouont. form a tmnnfainln that is nothing less, tlmn magnificent. Tho wholo forco of tho Atlantio breaks ngninst thoso awful clifio, nnd tho half-wild inhabi tants of tho regions will toll you that in win tor tho spray is sometimes dnshod tlireo hun dred feet in air. Pishing is almost tho aolo occupation of tlio natives. Tho nearest rail way station is at Wostport, thirty miles awny, whonco tho cxploror must travel oithor on foot or upon tho dilapidated 'jaunting cur' that sorves as a stngo, and is driven by Pat Maguiro, who is also tho proprietor of tho inn. But explorers aro as fow as snowflnkes in Juno, nnd for several yenrs previous to llio date of this story, Dr. Uriftith Grnmory hud been tho only visitor. Tho doctor was not a comely man . Ho had a big square head, covered with grizzled rod hair, which stood upright ; thick oyobrows hanging far down over n pair of small but extraordinarily piercing eyes ; a largo noso aud mouth, nnd a broad, short chin. His head was set low down upon brond thouldors; his imiui wero long, but his body rnthor small nud short. Tlio peasants hold him in super stitious awo and respect, believing him to bo in league with Satan, probably booauso he had onco ov twico exorcised upon them a ro mnrknblo magnotiziiig powor that ho pos sessed. But as all his dealings with them had boon bonoficent, thoy mingled their awo with ufL'ection. A man may bo hnndin glovo with tho Evil Ono and yet u very Rood follow at bottom. This season Dr. Grnmory arrived, as usual, about tho first of October ; but ho oxplainod to Pat Maguiro that a young lady nnd gen tleman, friends of his, would eomo on the Hovonth of tho month, and would expect Pat to bo at WcHtport railway station to drive them over. The doctor, it scorns, had mot Mi1, and Mrs. Roger Mowbray in London during the previous season, and had sung tho praises of Slyno Head so eloquently that the young oouplo — thoy woro in their houoymoon — had promised to coma over nnd spond a wook tliero. Tlioy woro as good as thoir word, and on tho evening of tho appointed day they drove up on tho jaunting-car, and woro cordially welcomed at tho inn door by tho doctor. . Tho moon wa:j closo to tho full, nnd tho air soft nntl mild. Af tor supper tho threo friends strolled out on tlio cliffs:; nnd Rogor Mowbray nnd his wifo both confessed that thoy had novor soon so grand a sight. Tho rooks are full of caves, somo midway in th-j fneo of in accessible prcoipiccs, somo so low down ns to bo covered at liijrh wator. Tho const is ovory whero jagged and irregular. . Slyno Head it self is a beetling pinnacle of rook, ovorhnng in- jits base, which 1r four hundred foot below its summit. Tho party m:ido thoir way thither and nat down to contemplate tlio proHpeot. Tho oceuu, rising in its vast swoop to tlio horizon, was luminous beneath the moon, and where tho surf broko on tho rnggod tooth of rocks far below it looked like great drifts of snow against tho blnohne'. 'How glorious and torrible it. U V cx oluimed Mrs. Mowbray. ' Afar tliU I can understand and almost boliovo all thu legends of ghosts and hobgoblins that Ireland i- famous for.' ' Nona but tho spirits of light nnd loveli ness should bocomo visiblo to yon, fair !ndy, said tlio doctor, who had a courtly, chivalrous wuy with women, which, partly on account of his romnrknblo eccentricity nnd ugliness, mudu him a favom'ito with tlio sex ; ' but the pooplo hereabouts nro very superstitious; nnd to confess tho truth, I havn of ten amused my self by playing off a fow juggleries on thorn. Thoy tako mo for a magician, nnd it keep.' 'them from bothering mo when I want to be undisturbed. I.hnvo only to mako a fow cnbiilistio passes and thoy run as if tho dovil were after thorn.' 4 I recollect your alluding in London, to yonr powors in that direction,' observed ltogor ; ' yau promisod to givo us an illus tration somo time What moro fitting timo could thorobo than this'?' ' Oh, I wish you would, Dr. Gramorsy !' oxolnlmcd Mrs. Mowbray j ' I never saw any thing of tho sort.' 4 Andl fiiuoy your husband doubts whother anybody ovor saw auy thing of tho sort,' re turned tho dootor, laughing and fixing his brilliant cyos on tho young man's fuco ; ' ho is a sceptic' 4 Say an agnostic,' rejoined Roger, with a emilo. ' I will boliovo what I see. 4 If that bo your only stipulation, I could oasilynslonishyou,' tho doctor answered; 'tho oyosight and nil tho senses uro rondily do ooived. Moreover, unless I am much mis taken, yours is -i tomporamont that lends it soJf to suoh impressions. I should oxpoot to bo moro suooessful in doooiving you than your xilo ; though slio looks hrlf a spjrit already, ?hilo you hnvo tho thews nud sinows of an 'I. all I can eay is, I am prjpnrcd for tho test,' replied Roger, still smiling, though with Eomowlmt of an effort. Tho doctor's byes had a singular spnrido. It was diflioull to look, away from thoni. For a full, minuto the doctor remained silent and immovable, gazing in a preoccupied manner at Roger Mowbray, who gazed back at him. Mrs. Mowbray, meanwhile, had become interested iu watching tho flight of u great sea-bird, which, after poising itsiJC iu air on u level with their position, suddenly swooped downward aud alighted on a rock surrounded by waves, near tho foot of the cliff. ' Look at mo !' abruptly criod tho doctor, iu a sharp, imperious tono, springiug to his feet; ' I am going to jump down tho preci pice and »tnud beside thiit sea-fowl. Look ! Roger Mowbray, I'm off !' Roger started up with a gasp of horror and amazement. ' Ucod God ! tho man is killed !' ho cried out- iu n wild tono. Ho stood gazing fearfully and breathluiisly over the clill', peering downward ns if following tho descent of a heavy body through tho air. But after a momont ho ruisod himself, trom bling and aghast, tho sweat standing on his t'oruhoud. ' It's a miracle !' ho suid huskily. ' Such a thing was novor known. Ho foil four hundred feet, nnd now thcro ho stands at tho bottom, nodding aud waving his hand. Merciful Heavon ! What a thing to ceo !' ' Why, Rogor,' oxclnimcd his wifo, half laughing and half alarmed, ' how absurdly you aat ! Any ono would think you wero ? crazy 1 Whnt aro you talking about tho doctor boiug down tho clilE whou ho has not. moved a foot away from you r' Hor husband took not tho slightest notico of her. Ho continuod to staro down at tho rock on which tho sea-bird was Heated, omitting over and anon inarticulate cjaoida tions. 'Ho dots not hear you, Mrs. Mowbray,' remarked tho doctor, speaking asido to her ; ' ho is iu wtat may bo termed an abnormally imaginative stato, in which ho mistakes fan cies for facts. Ho really boliovos that I jumped off tlio cliff aud alighted on that rook, and nothing you could say would conviuco him differently. Curious, is it not ?' 'But what is tho causo of it? IIo was novel1 liko this boforo !' cried sho, becoming moro und moro alarmed ; ' can nothing bo douo? Roger!' Sho luid hor hand on hor husband's arm, but ho moved away from her. ' Ho doesn't know mo !' sho exclaimed in horror ; ' oh, what shall I do ?' ' My dear. Mrs. Mowbray,' interposed tho doctor, smiling comfortably in the moonlight, 'givo yourself no uneasiness ; it i3 tho sim plest thing in tho world. Your husband is partially asleep, that is all. A certain por tion of his brain — that whioh discriminates botwoon truth and imagination — has tempo rarily ceased to oporato ; it has inhibited, to uso tho scientific term ; or, if you want another phrase, your husband, is in a hyp notio tranco. Of courso you havo heard of hypnotism, and you aro awnro how commonly it is now practised, and how amusing some of its manifestations aro. It also has tho advantage of boing entirely harmless. Tho tranco can bo broken as easily as it can bo in duced.' ' Oh, but I don't liko Roger to bo hypnot ized !' bIio protested, stiU agitated. ' I want him to hear mo and know mo ! Pleaso mako him como back to mo, Dr. Gramory.' 'Your word is law, my dear lady,' said tho good doctor, with perfect amiability. Ho turned to tho young man, and drawing him a littlu to ono side, appeared to whisper something1 in his ear. Thon ho clapped his hands sharply together and called out, 'Hello, Mowbray ! Here wo aro !' Mowbray glanced lip, yawned, passed his hand over his forchoad, and thon, looking at tho doctor with ovidont porploxity, said : ' Aron't you wot ? How did you got up horo again ?' ? *???? 'You sco,' said tho doctor, tho next morning, after they had talked and laughed a gooddonl over tho ovent of tho night bofoio, 'hypnotism is tho real explanation of all tho marrels of niagio nnd enchantment that wo hear and read about. Tlio magioiun' s first not is to hypnotizo tho spectator or spectators ; that douo, thoy will seo — iinngino thoy see — any miraulo ho may chooso to suggest to them.' 'Do you moan to say,' domauded Rogor, ' that ho can put more than ono porsou at a timo into tho tranco ? ' 4 A hundred as easily ns one, and perhaps n thousand moro oasily than n hundred. Why not? Consider tho phonoraona of panio — tho unreasoning fear that seizes upon a niultitudo, though each separate man of tho crowd, if alone, would havo retained his prosenco of mind ; or look at tho wild onthusiasm or rago to which au olocniont orator can arouso vast audiences, though auy ono mombor of it would listen to him coldly. So I doubt not it would bo easier to hypnotizo a largo assem blage than a singlo individual, and tho Eastern jugglers scorn to do it. You havo heard of tho famous Indian basket trick, ns it is called ? Thcro an audionco of any number of persons Hovorally and collectively wituoss a transaction that thoir reason nssuros thorn is preposterously impossible, at tho sarno timo that their oyesight convinces them it takes placo. What is tho explanation? Simply, that thoy aro all hypnotized boforo tho triuk is porformed, and then, of courso, tho triuk is reduced to merely inducing them to boliovo that something is dono which is really not douo at all.' ' After my oxperionco of last night, I don't feel HVo disputing1 nm thing you say, doctor,' observod ltogor Mowbray ; 'but I should liko to know how a man can hypnotizo a crowd of people, and aluo how they can ro covor from tho tranco without recognizing that they havobjen in* it.' ' If tho conditions bo favorablo, nothing is moro easily purformod than hypnotism,' tho doctor roplied : 'simply to iix tho attention for a fow momoutsiu often HulIIcient, and any juggler can do that. I hypnotized you last night only by inducing you to look intently at mo for sixty seconds. Then, ns to your point, tho trance may bo of various degroes, from light to profound. Tho light trance is fiulHuieut for oomploto solf-docoption, nud tho transition from that to waking is so oasy ns not to bo porcoived.' 'I certainly boliovod I saw you jump ovor tho cliff,' naid Rogor, 'and after I camo to I could hardly persundo mysolf that you had not dono it. liuohol, horo, says sho spoko to mo ; but I didn't hear hor. But is it not rather alarming that such a powor a3 you pos soss should exist ?' 'Indeed, if.I didu'tkuowl.ho doctor was n good man I sliouldn' t f ool nnfo for a moment,' Rachel said. ?Luokily, I nm hormlcS3,' romarkod ho, with a poculinr smilo ; 'but thoro's truth in your BuggostioiijMr. 2Io\vbray. Hypnotism might givo torriblo p-jwors. If I had told you, hist night' to jump ovor tho olid, you would havo dono it, or if, whilo you woro still in tho truueo, I had commanded you to do, or to soo, a nortnin thing nt a certain futuro timo — aay, at fivo o'clock this afternoon — you would havo obeyed punctually at tho appointod hour, without any f urlhor action on my part.' ' Dear mo 1' said Raohol, with a nervous laugh, 'I romombor you whispered somo thiug to Rogar last night boforo you woko him up. What did you tell him to do ?' . 'Yoi said a person oould bo ordorod 'not to soo1 anything,' broko in Roj»or ; 'do you mean that n concreto ohjost could bo rondorod actually invisible to ono in tho hypnotio ' tranco ?' 4 Cortaiuly !' replied tho doctor ; ' anything that is told to th-j pntioiit ho is boutid to bo liovo. —If I wero to toll you tlmt that tho big treo yonder hail been dug up and carriod siwuy, it would immediately become invisible 'to you ; nil 'I neither your hoiimo of toii'j'i nor any other means juiihl persuade you that thoro wnw anything thoro But I suo this conver sation i's distressing Mrs. Mjwbray ; lot ui iihacgo it. Do you know, Mr. Mowbray, that you boar a strong rosomblanoo to your lato father ?' ' I havo boon somotimas told so. But I was not uwaro that you know him.' ' Yes, I know lrm well, many years ugo, whon wo wero both nbout your ngo. After ward circumstances separated us.When I mot you tho other day in London the likeness startled mo ; it was us if a buried generation hud camo to lifo again. Your father's wifo was a, Miss Clayton I think ?' ' Yos, that was my inotht-r'n name/ ' Ah ! I was not thinking of her as your mother. I do not traco her featured in you. Huwever, that is neither hero nor there. Thinking of thoso old days has recalled another pirHon to my iniud— ono John Fol brigge. I fauey you havo never heard of him.' ' I think I remember thonamo,' said Rogor ' but I novor saw him. UnlossI'm mistaken, I dWt think my father nnd ho wero good friends.' ' They word friends until, for somo roason, thoy had a bitter quarrel, aud parted. It wfta tho general opinion that I'olbriggo was in fault. Ho win certainly a gross-gramed fellow, whereas your fnthor was always very suavo nud engaging. The quarrel oocurrod boforo your father's marringo, nnd tho occn nion of it, I think, was somo Mtiir of tho heart. Naturally, Felbriggo would get worsted thoro !' 1 \V*hnt boenmo of this Mr. Felbriggo V in quired Rachel. ' ' Ho was a studeut, and aftor a quarrel ho dovotcd himself to abstruao researches, and lived on tho continent and afterwards iu India. Ho ought to havo died long niuco, I suppose' ' Tho woman iu tho caso was not my mother was it !?' uskod Roger. ' Sho was not tho lady your fnthor married I think,' the doctor ropliod ; ' it win pro bably somo oarlior affair; ho was a dangerous man,' ho added, laughing. ' Now that I rccolleot, tho other woman's namo was Morcy —yes, Mercy Holland. You novor know of hor 1-' Mowbray shook his head. ' No, of courso not !' said tho doctor ; ' and what interest havo thoso old stories for you young peoplo ? Como, I havo something to proposo ! What do you say to our taking our luncheon with us and spending tho day on tho rooks f Thoro aro some curious caves I want you to seo; and thoro is a romantic logond about ono of them. Shall wo go f ' Tho others willingly consented, and thoy mudo their preparations and sot out. In stead of climbing to tho top of Slyno Head, us on tho previous ovoniug, tlioy descended to tho shore, abovo which tho stupendous orags. hung as if about to topplo ovor. In a crevice of tho rooks, just abovo high- wator mark, tho doctor picked up a fragmout of ohain with a handcuff attached to it. It was but slightly rusted, nnd OTiilently could hnvo boon loft thoro but a uhort time boforo. Mowbray and his wifo woro much interested iu tho discovery, nnd speculated as to how it could havo got thcro. ' Is thoro a jail any whoro in this neighbour hood P Roger inquired. ' Nono ncaror than Gnlvrny thatllcnow of, replied tho doctor ; ' but I boliovo thoro nro somo evictions going on in this neighbour hood, and this handcuff may havo boon put on a prisoner who oscaped. Ho must havo had assistance in freeing himsolf from his fotters, howovpr. This handcuff, ns you soo, shuts by n spring nnd can bo oponed only by two hands to it. Tho person to whom it was attached could not unfasten it unaided. It is cortaiuly odd that tho fugitive should havo shaped his courso in this direotion. In thoso thinly settled regions concealment is moro diflicult tlmn in citios.' ' Whnt a strango fooling it must bo to bo fastened to a chain, and know that you can't got away,' observed Rachol, examining tho stool mnnaclo with curiosity. ' Pooplo get used to oven that,' rojoinod tho doctor ; 'and, after nll,we aro all fettered in somo way, though tho links may bo invis ible.' Ho put tho rolic in his pocket nud thoy continued their jonrnoy nlong tho beach . Tho way was rough, nnd torturous, tho boul ders lying irregularly, nnd tho pobbles of whioh tho bench was composed offering a, slippery and wearisome foothold. Thoy woro nearly an hour in going no moro than a milo_ ; but they woro rewarded nt tho end of their journey by coming to a largo oavo, hollowed out in tho soaward extremity of a promontory that formed ono of tho divisions of thobsnoh. Its mouth was only about Bovon or eight foot in diameter ; bnt insido it expanded into a. chambor of fair sizo and hoiglit, draped with soawoed and porvaded by tho olenn, salt smell of tho sea. Tho day had bcon somowhnt closo nnd opprossivo, nnd tlio coolnoss of tho cavo was grateful after thoir arduous walk. Tho interior was lighted up by tho rays of tho declining sun, for it was already tho after noon. Using a largo flat stono ns a tablo, thoy unpacked their baskot and lunched at thoir loisuro. Tho dootor was in capital spirits nnd mado himsolf highly agrocablo. Ho ro latod many ntorios of his own x'ast Ufa and nd vontures ; ho had travelled in nil parts of tho world, and had lived soveral yours in North ern India, whoro ho had seen strango sights. Pinallr, tho conversation got round to tho spot whero thoy thou wow and tho traditions con nected with it. 1 And, by tho bye, ono of tho best yarns is nbout thin vory cave,' ho remarked ; ' many years ngo a powerful nohlo lived near Slyno Head, and ho married a young and bonuliful woman. Tor a timo all appeared to go_ well ; but finally, tho husband beenmo suspicioua of tho attentions to his wife ofja neighbour of his who was visiting him. JIo watchod aud his suspicious woro confirmoJ. Ho concealed his emotions, whatever thoy wero, and on somo pretext invited his wifo and tho friend to this oavo. Ho had an iron ring fnsteucd to tho rock at tho back part of tho cave, Avitha chain atticheil to it Protending to bo in sport, ho induced them to lot him fasten this chain around them, and then, telling them to bo hnppy_ to their hearts' content, and replying to thoir shrioks and outreatios only by poals of laughter, ho bado them fnrowoll nud loft them. Tho tldo was rising nnd a storm was coming on. A couplo of hours later tlio cavo was submerged and tho lovers woro of cpurso, drownou. What do you think of that logond, Mrs. Mowbray f Would you liko to know what that youug pooplo said to oach other, whon thoy woro loft alono, nnd tlio first wavo throw its spray over thorn ?' 'It is fearful to think of,' snid Rnohol, with a shudder ; ' was it really this very cavo P ' Undoubtedly; uud if you waut any further proof, tho ring to which thoy woro chnmocl still hangs to tlio rook boliiud you. Seo— tho sunlight has just renehou it !' Rachel turnod with a start, and then all t'ireo approached tho ring nnil examined it. It wns hanging to a bolt drivnu into tho faoo of tlio solid rock, at tho furthest oxtromity of tho cavo. It was nbout sovcn inches in dia moter nndnppoarcd to bo at loast an inoh in thicknoas , though it wns so boarded with greon seaweed and roughonod with rust and lirnpits that an exact ostimato wns difficult. At all ovents it looked strong onough to hold nn ox, much moro n pair of terrified lovers. Beneath tho ring was n shallow ledgo, form ing a rudo scat, and Rnohcl, who wns fiia cinatcd by tho pioturcsquo horror of tho thing sat down upon it. Tho sotting sun shouo on her charming fnco nnd gavo it tho somblunco of a rosy blush. Her husbnnd thought bIio had novor looked moro lovely. Tho dootor took tho handcuff from his pookot and pnssod tho ohain through tho ring fastening it by springing ono of tho links ovoranothor. ' That will ounblo us to roalizo tho Bituntion bottor,' ho remarked, turninsf to Rogor with a smilo and putting tho hand ouff in his hand : ' imagine Mrs. Mowbray to bo tho lady iu question and you tho wickod earl.' ? Shall I inaimolo you, Rachel ?' aikud her husband, playfully. Sho hold out hor wrist ut once. ' Do !' sho said ; ' I nm not ufraid.' ' Don't bo too suro of your norvos,' put in tho doctor ; ' it might pivo you a turn.' ' Oh, my husband will not dosort mo,' nho ropliod ; ' put it on, Rogor.' IIo slippod it on and fnstouod it. r Thoro — now jou uro my prisonor,' said ho. ' And now all you huvo to do i» to iniagiuo that you aro to stay thoro until this timo to morrow,' tho dootor added, ' when soino fisherman, porhaps, will discover your dead and bruised body. You uro looking for tho last timo on youdor sotting sun. D - you ho'ir tho plunging of the surf i In another hour it will be at thu mouth of tho eavo ; an hour moro and it will havo filled it to tho roof. You will bo nlono, and strain, aud tujr at your fcltors ; tlio steel will cut into your flesh, but 3-ou uunuot broalc it. Tlio cold water will creep slowly to your knees, your waist, yonr throat ! You will think of tho sweetuos3 of lifo, of your warm and fami liar homo, of tho lovo of your friends nnd of your huuband — and thon tho waves will lap ovor your faco, and gurglo into your mouth, nnd strnnglo your breuth ; you will bo noth ing but a lump of lifeless flesh, nud this plens ant luxurious world will know you no moro !' Dootor Gramory must hnvo had a good deal of tho actor's talent ; ho had boguu his speech lightly onough, but as ho wont on his voico bocamo hoarso nnd inoisivo ; lio made ntrango gestures, nud thoro wns something torriblo aud ominous in his anpoct. Raohol sat gazing at him with parted!ip3 aud widen ing eyes. As ho finished bIio voho to hor foot, nnu stretching out hor hand to hor husband fnltorcd : ' Lot mo go ! ' By a sudden forciblo movement tlio dootor interposed himsolf bowonn thorn. ' Five o'clock! 'ho oxclnimod, inv, storn, commanding tono. Roger stood motionless for a fow momouts, whilo n dazod expression camo over his faco. Tho doctor now moved to ono sido; tho husband nnd wifo woro within a couplo of paces of each other, aud Roger's oyes rested upon hor. But thoro was a quoor vuguo look iu thorn, and presontly ho said, in a sluggish touo, ' Whoro is Rachel ? ' ' Horo I am — hero 1 ' sho oxolaimed ; ' hero in front of you! What nils you, Rogor ? Tako off this manaolo — it hurts mo! Don't you hear mo i ' ' It is vory odd, ' said Rogor, turning to tho doctor; ' what has becomo of Ruchel's1 Sho was horo just now, andl didn't seo her go out. How was it ? ' ' Mrs. Mowbray ? ' responded tho dootor, coolly; ' why, my donr follow, sho just wont out of tho cavo. Is it possiblo yon didn't notico her? Soo !' hondded, pointing outward ' thoro sho stands on that rock at tho outrauco beckoning to us ! Como on, it's getting damp, and wo shall bo catching our death of cold. AVo havo a long walk boforo us.' Tho two men moved together toward tho mouth of tho oavo, Roger walking liko n man in a dream. Suddonly a piercing nhriok fillo d the cavo. ' Rogor 1 my .husbnnd ! my lovo! Hoar mo ! Como to mo ! ' Thou oamo nnothor shriek. Mowbray and tho doctor woro now nt tho mouth of tho oayo, nud tho lnttor pointed along tho bench to tho right. ' Thoro sho goes ! ' ho said; ' lot us hurry und catch up with her. Sho will stumblo among theso slippery stones and hurt horsolf. ' ' Oh, God ! ' said a husky voico, strainod nud unnatural. Tho chain rattled nnd strained; thoro wns a groan. Mowbray had moved out of sight. Tho doctor turned nnd looked into tho cavo with n hidoous oxpr-eosioii thon lie, too, vanished. * ? ? ? ? * A storm had been gathering during tho afternoon aud soon aftor fivo o'clook it burst ovor Slyno Head, with frequent crashes of thundor and zigzag* of lighting. Tho rain hissed down in torrents. Six o'clock had pnsscd whon Rogor Mowbrny, his olothos soakod through and a snarod, drawn look on his fnco, wnlkcd linstily into tho inn nud called for Pat Mnguiro. Aftor tho summons ? had been ropontod onco or twico, with in creasing emphasis, Mrs Mnguiro npptnrcd from tho kitchou, wiping her hands on hor apron. ' What would yo bo ploasud to want sorr ? ' said sho; ' suro, Misther Mnguiro stopped out au hour ago; ho was after foarin' yo'd bo caught in the rain, nud 'twas wnrnin' yo to como homo lio'd bo. Didn't yo meet him at all, at all ? ' ' No. Him Mrs. Mowbray — my wifo — haa sho roturnod p ' 'Yerwifo, ia it? Inda-lo, then, sho has not, Boor ! Yc'ro tho first iu this night. ' ' Doctor Gramory — lias not ho gnt back f Wo parted on tho beach — ho took another path up the cliff. Havo you seen nothing of oithor of them ? ' ' Not I, Misthor Mowbray — hido nor hnir av'om. But thoro wns a bit av a lottcr tho doctor loft this morniii' , on1 ho was tollin' Misthor Maguiro to givo it yo at six o'clock — not sooner. Muy ho that'll oxplnin things — moro betoken 'tis six o'clock now, au' afthoi*. Wait till I fotch it ! ' Sho disjipponrod into tho kitchen and returned in a moment with a letter in hor hands. Roger opauod it, and this is what ho read : Rooeh Mowdiuy : Whon you rend this I shall havo accomplished tho purposo for which I brought you down horo aud for which I havo waited many years. You know mo ns Griffith Gramory, but my truo namo is John Folbriggo. Thirty yours ngo your fnthor took away tho woman I loved, Mercy Holland, and ruined hor. Sho boro him a child : by his cruolty and noglect slm diod in childbed. At that time ho had already married ; but his wifo being an invalid, nnd incapable, of raising up children for him, ho caused you to bo put forward us hor son, thoroby keoping tho estates in tho family. But you havo no mora right ti your unino than any othor baso-bom waif of tho gutter. I waited alongwhilo for tho propor timo nnd means for retaliation ; but whou I heard that you woro married, Isaw my way. Last night I provod my powor ovor you ; to-day in tho cavo, 1 shall put it into practioo. At tho momont yen rend this, 3'our wifo, chained to tho rook by tlii minnolo I havo provided for tho purposo, v, i.l lio drawing hor ln.it broath in loneliness tin I ngony — nn ngony us groat, I trust, as that which yemr fnthor caused Moroy Holland to onduro. And you realizing that you nbnndonod hor thoro, misled by tho bow ildormont I put upon your sonsos, will understand so'mothing of tho despair I folt whon I know that tho woman I would havo mado my wifo had died in shamo and misery. May you livo to onduro that despnir as long as I havo dono 1 As for mo, you will nevor soo mo again. I havo my placo of rotroat provided, whoro I shall spond many yours in onso and comfort, happy iu tho assurauco that all I dosirod lias bcou brought to pass. Blossod bo Hypnotism ! Yours to oommnnd, JoirM J?EM)niGO13. Rogor Mowbray slowly laid the lottor down on tho tablo and looked up with a ghastly couutonnnao. At that ? momont thoro was a hurried Btop on tho threshold, a sound of voices, and tlio door was thrown open. In swept tho storm, with wind and rain ; a clap of thundor shook tho house, nnd thero stood Pat Maguiro, rod in tho faco nnd breathless. Loaning on Ms arm, wenk nnd tottering, hor clothing dronohed and torn, hor wot hnir hanging nbout hor shouldors, hor wrist bruiRod nnd bloody — thoro won Rachaol Mowbray, rosouod at utmost nood, with tho son lonpiug at lior vory throat, by tho worthy Irishman whom ohanoo had brought within hearing of her final outory. Thoro sho wns, no phantom of a bowilderod brain, but truo flesh and blood, nlivo nnd safo— and in hor husband's arms ! ? *?*?? Next morning, whon tho storm had cloarod away, tho doad body of' Dootor Grnmory, nlias John Folbrigpo, wns found lying nt the foot of Slyno Hond, orushod and disfigured. How ho camo to his death, whether by acoi dcnl. or dosign, was novor known. Ho may have lost his way und misHod his footing in tho storm ; or tho horror of tho deed he nail done may have provod too much oven for his iron n.rves, and ho sought oblivion in suicide. Ho was buried whoro ho foil, nnd tho groat cliff is his grnyestono ; but Uio peasants avoid tho spot, nnd in tho ronring of the wavos thoy somotiinoA fancy that thoy oatoh tlio fourful outcry of a lost soul. — Couiiojiolitnn, 