Mr. Stevenson. MMj. A., at .- . . i : ? : . Home. The New Laird of Aberuthvon. Tho homo-coming of Mr. John Stevenson, of Fernberg, Brisbane, the now proprietor of tbe estate of Aberuthven, was, on January 3 (says tho Ferthnkire Adccrliser), mado tho occasion of a great demonstration of rejoicing in tho village. Tho estate was for the last four cenlurios continuously in tho possession of the Gnomes of Inohbrukio, from whoso hands it pasted in May last into thoso of Mr. Steven son, -who purchased it for tho sum of £20,500. Tho estate is over 800 acres in extent, and lies in tho east part of the parish of Auchtorarder. Twenty years ago tho villago contained a popu lation of 700, but now it has dwindled down to atout 200. When it teenmo known that tho now pro prietor was coming homo to visit his nnwly acquired pi opoity a committee, was appointed, ?with the Rev. Mr. M'Donald at its head, to make preparations foe welcoming him in a duo und proper manner, and these culminated in yesterday's proceedings. Tho village was en fife for tho occasion — everyone donned their holiday attire, and the place was decorated with flags and evergreens. In the centre of the village an aroh of evergreens was thrown acroBS the roudway, its supports consisting of two tpruce . trees. It bore the following in scription, indicative ot tho goodwill of tho residents: 'Welcome to old friends and scmos.' Two less arches also spanned tho footpath on each side of the main arch, and one of these bore the kindly greeting : 'Wel- come to oor ain laird.' Mr. Stevenson travelled from Glasgow in tho early part of the day, and between 2 and 8 o'olock yesterday afternoon he was met by a largo crowd of por boub a Httlo to tho west of Aberuthvon. Mr. Stevenson's party drove from Auchterarder in twe carriages. In the first there woro, beside tbo new proprietor, Lib brothers — Mr. James Stevenson, of Berwick- on-Tweed, factor and commissioner on tho estate; the Rov Wm. Stevenson, late of Madras, and now of Edin burgh; and Mr. H. B. O. Stevenson, of Glas gow. In tho second carriage wero Mr. James Stevenson, jun., Berwick-on-Tweed ; Mr. Colin Stevenson, Edinburgh ; Mr. Doughty, solicitor, Aytoun ; and Mr. Somervillo, Kil murnock. The appearance of Mr. Stevenson's carriage was tho signal of a prolonged out burst of oheering. The horses were unyoked, and, preceded by the Auchterardor Volunteer Band, under the leadership of Mr. Spiers, and escorted by an enthuBiatic crowd, tho carriago wob drawn into the village. A halt was made at the aroh, whero there was' a largo assemblage of persons, including many from Auchterarder and neighbourhood. Mr. Martin, of tho public school, then stepped forward, and read the following address of welcome, which was beau tifully illuminated : — To Josx Stevenson-, Esq., of Aherothven. Sir,— We, tlio residents of your estate at Abeiuthveu, unite in offering you a very hearty welcome on your arrival to enter personally ou possession of tlio property. We recall with great interest tlio fact that 25 years ngo this month you left your paternal home here, the Hall of Aberuthven, to push your for tunes in Australia. You had crown up amongst we, mid been associated with many of us at school, and in other relationships of Ufo: and wo had formed such an estimate of j-our character for energy, integrity, and honourable feeling and conduct that, when you left us for tho new world of the south, wo followed you with every ex pectation that, by Clod's Messing, you would .soon attain to success and eminence. In a ?murtcr of a century these expectations hnvo iicon more than fnltilleil. You return to the old scenes of your youth, in the prime of lift', u member uf tho Legislative Assembly of Queensland, to claim as your own an estate which, to you and to us nil, is connected with ninny precious memories. For hundreds of years it. belonged to a family hononrod nnii beloved, and bearing u uiimc conspicuous in Scottish history, under whom the community through successive generations grow and prospered, and wo deeply irfjrut, in common, \»o feel assured, with none more sincerely than yourself, that the connection of that family with us has now come to an end. But it nllords us the highest gratification tliut tho transference has been made to one whose early Juys wero spent amongst us, and whose record is so pure mid honourable and stimulating, mill wo greet you to-day as our proprietor with this de monstration of our unfeigned und ulfcctionate re spect. In your absence from the Fatherland changes huvp taken lilaco o£ which on this occasion you will be vividly und ailoetingly reminded. Your father, who long went out and in amongst us. living u very useful and honoured life, has passed away, lmtnot lief ore seeinghis sons and daughter* occupying in various parts of the world iiitlueutinl and honourable positions. We rejoice that your venerable mother is still spared in a green old ago to receive our congratulations on this memorable aay, mm to reap tno greatest nappmess ana reward a parent can experience on earth, when 'her children rise up and call her blessed.' We arc delighted that in coming back to the old country on -this eventful errand you are accom panied by Mrs. Stevenson and your children, and we earnestly hope th«t they may be able eve long to honour us with a visit, and be sharers of. our welcome. 1'or you and j'ours, sir, it is our prayer that health, long life, and every prosperity lnny attend you in the enjoyment ot your possessions : and that, when your pilgrimage on earth is ended, it may l-o your blessed lot, through the merits uf our Lord and Savour Jesus Christ, to enter that better country, even the heavenly, and dwell in the House of the Lord for ever. Signed in the name of the residents on the estate of Aberuthven, January 3, 18S9. JA3IES M'Donald, Minister .Tajiks Mitchell. Farmer Thomas Steel, Crofter James Maxtox, Weaver. In acknowledging the sentiments contained in the address, Mr. Stovenson, who, on rising, was vociferously cheered, said : Ladies and gentlemen, — I oimnot quite plead that I am altogether unused to publio speaking, but I am bound to admit — and am not ashamed to admit — that I feel it very difficult to find words to express my feelings to-day or words exprossivo enough to thank you in an adequate mamior for the addTess which you have just presented to me. I appreciate the kindly feeling which prompted you to get up this grand demonstra tion in any honour. And I appreciate it all tho more because I taks it that you not only wish to welcomo mo as tho new proprietor of the Aberuthven estate, but also as an old friend who has in the pn6t takon at least some interest in you. (Applause.) It is also gratifying to me that while I have not quite lost sight of you, for tho last 25 years you have been {following me with your kinily in ttroi-t ' and good wisheB, and that you are not disappointed with my career, which I believe has been, as you say, an honourable ono. (Applauso.) Throughout my very largo business connection in Australia, I do not think tboro is ono who can point a finger at me and (??ay 1 did anything that waB dishonourable With regard to the relorenoo you havo made to tho lato proprietors of this estato, the Gnemea of Inchbrakie, I can, only Bay that you lmvo expressed tho sentiments which I feel myself. Nono can feel more hardly than I do tho Revertmco of their connection -with tho estate. For many years they brought joy and comfort to many a heart and home in the village of Aberuthven. Whether it ia matter for con gratulation that I liuvo becomo proprietor of tho estate, remains to bo scon, but I hopo that nono of you will ovot have reason to regret it. (ApplauBJ.) ?? I can 6carocly trust/ myself to speuk about tho paragraph referring to my father and mother. I very muoh regret , to-day, tho loss of . ray , fathor ; but* I- thank 'God that 'my 'mother' is still' spared to her children with the full possession of her faculties — and they havo good reason to call her blessed. (Hear, hear.) I appreciate ycur kindly references tn my wifo and children, and thank you on th'oir ' behalf . 'I rogrotvory much that they aro not here to-day, but you must remember that they have been born and reared in moro genial climes than this, tiud.it will yblb'o a'foV months before thoy can have the' pleasure of making your, acquaintance. I am sure they will join' with mo in treasuring the beautiful address you have presontcd to mo, and I hopo it will bo handed down to generations of Stevenson's yet unborn. (Applause.) Ladies and gentlemen, again I. (hank you for tho honour you havo dono mo, and wish you all a happy t und; prosperous New i tear. (Loud choirs.) At the olose of the' ceremony, tho eurriago containing Mr. Stevenson and his friends, preoeued by tho band, was drawn to Aboruthvon Man5oi'..whoro' they remained; until' So'olobk, andwhero tea was served to tho oompany by Hifb M'Dcnajd.j W V .;':?. M ???;.. At 5 o'olook the baud marohed to tho manse, ,«.nd ?conducted -Mr. Stevenson ) arid friends to tho sohoolhouso, whero ho was ban quoted'.!'; 'Mr.1 Stevenson was received' with oheerson entering tho sohoolhouso, and whilst tho guests were assomblinj; tho band played' tho air, ' Homo, Sweet Home.' . The room wne.ypry. tastefully decorated with ovorgroenn, and on tho wall immediately opposite the cntrnnco ,wnn ?,tho appropriate motto, ;' For Auld Long Syne,' in. white letters on a red ground and bordcrod by evorgrams. Tho Rov, James M'Donald, Aberuthven, presided, and tho croupiers wero Mr. James Mitchell, Strathy ; and Mr. Poter M'Ewan, Aboruthvon. Altogether about 80 persons woro prcsint, including sovcral notables from Edinburgh and Glasgow and other towns. After tho dinner, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts wero given from the chair, and heartily drunk. ' Tho Army, Navy, and Roservo Forces' was also proposed by the chairman, and Major Hally responded. In proposing tho toast of tho ovoninir, that of 'Our Guoet, Mr. John Stevenson, of Aberuth ven,' tho chairman said that notwithstanding the very interesting and significant proceed ings which had nlreudy taken place in connec tion with tho arrival of Mr. StovcnBon amongst them that day, ho thought ho should not bo doing juBtico to tlio occasion if ho did not try to present some of tho reasons why thoy wero making that welcome. It would bo 25 years on January 11 bince Mr. Stovonuon left tho homo of his father, the Hall of Aboruthvon, for Australia. Ho was then in the very early morning of his manhood. Ho had hud no experience of tho world, nx cept that which he had gained in as sitting his father on tho farm, and tho little timo ho was gotting an insight in farm manngo ment under the factor of tho lato Lord Strath nllnu. Ho left to take a responsible position on the estate of the Earl of Macclcsfield, but soon after ho arrived drought camo upon tho colony, and the result was tho ruin of that and other rime. Mr. Stevenson then found it necessary to begin on a new taok, and like many others, the training and discipline of tho ordeal through which ho then passed laid the foundation of tho position of eminenco and BucceBB which ho had now attained. (Applause.) Ho had now returned to take possession of an estate which for upwards of -100 years had come down in ono family from father to sou — an estato with which Mr. Stevenson had been closely associated in the pnst, and with which they ventured to hopo he had still a deep interest. They had watched with interest Mr. Stevenson's career in that distant land, and felt highly gratified when they saw his namo boing added to the long list of worthy Bons of Scot land who had uphold tho national flag of industry, integrity, intelligence, and moral worth all over tho world. (Applause.) Ho (the chairman) said he could not conclude without referring to Mr. Stevenson's warm interest in the poor of the village long before ho became proprietor, for he had again and again sent handsome presents to be distributed amongst them. (Applauses.) Tho toast was drunk amidst hearty cheers, and *ho company, joined in singing, ' For Ho is a Jolly Uood Fellow.' Mr. John Stevenson, of AberutUven, -who was most warmly received, said that before replying to anything Mr. M'Donald had said, ho wished to express the pleasure ho felt in meeting them there that night. At the same time, he thought he had made a mistake, for in coming away from Australia ho fancied he was leaving all tho carss of business and banqueting*!. But much as ho would havo liked some rest and quiot at first, it would havo Veen most ungracious of him hud he not accepted the very kind invita tion thev gavo him to meet them there that night. Ho assured them that ho much appre ciated that gathering — it brought back to him many pleasant memories and many varied memories, especially when he remembered that part of his education was received in the school wherein they were then met. He recognised pome old schoolfellows amongst thoso around him. and ventured to think that some of them would remember him onoo having a 'rough and tumble' with tho best teacher ho ever had, and that he was expelled from school for it. (Laughter.) Mr. M'Donnld had very kindly referred to his career from tho time he first loft Aberuthven to tho present, and he had truly slid that he coin men:od with a good training — ho believed he hud ono of the best examples that a son could have from a father or mother. (Hoar, hear.) As had been said by Mr. M'Donald, ho know little of the world when ho left homo, but ho then mode up his mind to work and fight his way as best ho could. Ho started under favourable aspects, because he hud something to go to when ho left Scotland. At the same time he only had tlio opportunity of remaining in thut situation for about threo or four yeurs, when he had to commence on his own account. But ho did not flinch from that, however ; and ho would toy that if ono was prepared to work for him self perseveriugl}', trying to gain, a position and to do that which was right, ho would find good friends in Australia who would givo him a good lift if ho wanted it. He -would also say that there they would find men as good as in any other part of tho world, and if u man tried to make a way for hiinaelf ho would alwayB find someone to lend him a helping hand if ho was in nay difficulty. Ho himself had many good friends to thank for such help, and ho was glad to say thut ho had alto been enabled to assist others. (Applause.) He supposed he must also Bay something regarding his relations to wn/de 6oii)o of them us landlord and tenant. It was by a mere fluke that he learnt tho estato of Aberuthven was for salo, and lie thought his brother (Mr. JumeB StevenBOn) had through out managed the purchase very well, so well, indeed, that ho felt quite satisfied in leaving it in the hands of his brother; und, then if any disturbance shall arise, they could blamo tho latter. (Laughter.) How ever, he hoped they would get on well togother. (Hear, hear.) Be had not purchased the estate for the purpose of squeezing tho last shilling out of tho tenants' pockets. (Ap-. pluuso. ) Both himself and his brother beliovcd in giving tenants every possible chance of doing tlio beBt for themselves, and those who tried to do the best for them&olves; would receive tho greatest consideration at the hands of the land lord. (Applause.) He knew a little ahout fanning, so they need not think they had got an ignorant landlord. (A voice, ' No, no, wo know that.') Ho had a good trniuing before ho left them, for ho believed his father was one of tho best farmers on Aberuthven estate, nnd ho thought those present would admit that tho estate was never bettor managed thim when it was under his father's managc ireut. No one had at heart the iutcrost of tho Graemes of Inchbrakio more than his father, and nono regretted tho severance of their con nection with tho estate more than did his family. It would have afforded him far moro pleasure to bcc tho Graemes in possession of it than in taking possession of it hiinaelf. Ho again thanked Ihovn for the honour -which thoy had dono him by that day's demonstration. Ho had heard that tho village was going down, but anyone who hud Been it netir, nnd tho peoplo going about as they had been that day, would wonder where they had all como from. (Laughter.) He hoped that us time passed along thoy would find greater prosperity attend ing tho village. (Applauso.) In Scotland thoy found the prosperity of many villages decreas ing and tho towns inci owing, and it was hard to know how to keep up the villages. Of courso, the ownership of an eBtato brought with it many responsibilities, and if ho und thoso who advised him could devise any means to bring more prosporily to Aberuthven than it had teen of late, ho uesured them it would givo them much pleasure to ilo bo. (Loud applause.) Tho other toasts whioh woro duly proposed nnd heai-tily responded to wero : 'Tho Hculth of Mrs. Stevenson nnd Family,' ' Mrs. Stovon eou, sen.,' 'Tho Tenants,' ' Tho Villugers,' und 'Tho Neighbouring Tenants.' Tho proceedings throughout wero of a very hoiuty and onjoyublo ohuraoter. During tho evening a largo bonfire was lit noar tlio oentro of (he villugo, and firoworks wero set off at tho arch.,, , . ? ??',-.? Tboro is a now high- wire aot. Two men starting from different eud3 of a slaok wire meet and paes each other, going by on a waltz stop. A woman actually dauaoR on the wive, and a man trots aoroes it with a companion up right on his sbouldore. The inhabitants tf Ballynne, 'near Fermoy, have long boon terribly alarmed at the move ments, or' a ohurohyard ghost. ' Tho priestut . loi;g-h!boto6k himself 'to tho tombs und oap- ' tnt(d 1ho apparition, whioh turned out to bo a innn who passed his days in vagrant' ram Dies, ii ml his niiihta in a lonely vault, into which he hud effcoted un entrance, bleeping in his chin nel-lioueo on EOino old sacks. Cheese should consist sololy of two consti tuents— tlio fat nnd onBcin. If any quantity of serum or whey ia left in the cheese, trouble will certainly, chsuo, on aodount of tho sugar present in it. : The laotio, buty rio, and otnor ' ferments will be present, and these, under suitable conditions, are sure to docomposo the sugar, ' and cauce tho checeo to heave and become porous and utroug in flavour. 