The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS IcGOLDBBY, EBQ. e-0 THE BLACK IMOUSQUETAIRE- continued. Who can fly from himself? Bitter cares when you feel 'em, Are not cured by travel--ga HorEac says, " COlunt Non anlsimumi mutant ui currunt trants marel" It 'a climate, not mindl, thatlby roaming men .vary Remorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Peter Schlemil did his; It haunts you for ever-in bed and at board Ay, e'en in your dreams, And you can't find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored i It is much if he slumbers at all,-which but fe*- Fraooois Xavier Auguste was an instance can do. Indeed, from the time He committed the crime ... Which cut off poor sister Therese ia n her prime, He was not the same man that he had been his plan - Was quite changed-in wild freaks he no more led the van; He'd scarce sleep a wink in A week; but sit thinking, From company shrinking--. He quite gave up drinking At the mesastable, too, where now seldom he came, Fib, fricassece, fricandeau, potage, or game, Dindon au.c truffes, or turbot d la crime, No !-he still shook his head,-it was always the same, Still he never complained that the cook was to blame 1l 'Twas his appetite fsil'd him-iho matter how rare - And recherch the dish,- how delicious . the fare, 'What he need to like best he no longer could bear; But he'd sit there and stare With an air of despair; Took no care, but would wear Boots that wanted repair; Such a shirt too I you'd think he'd no linen to spare. He omitted to shave; he neglected his hair, And look'd more like a Guy than a gay Mous quetaire. One thing, above all, moit excited remark : In'the evening lie seldo?i sat 'ong after dark. Notthbat then, as of yore, he'd go but for ", lark" With his 'friendi; buit wheiin they;: After I taking caf, ' i :': r: Would havebroiled bones andkiddey'brought ..inson a tray,f :,i " ri, -Which: I ownJI consider a very good way,-; If a man's not dyspeptic, to wind up the No pereuasion oii earth could induce him to But he'd takeup his cbandlestlck; just nod hs head Yetven when there he seemd no Dhotter of,' Foir he'd shhezee, dnd he'd sdie ?',?d bed S'hem! arid he'd cough: :Add they'd hear him all hight, Soimetimes sobbing outright , While his valet, who often endeavo?ir'd to Declared that "his master was never asleep i: But ,would sigh and: would groan ilap :his :.;,forehead, and weep : ......... (That about ten o'lock iHia door. he woild lock And then never would open it, let who would knock :'.He had rdhimhlie said, Sometime.n And talk ui if speaking to odie who 'as ?dad I t- He'd groan, and he'd moan,-In-so.piteousa \- atone, Begging some one or other to let him alonsie,' I That it really would 'seften the heart of u stone To hear him exclaim so and cail-'up on _ ' Heaven, Then -the' bother began always just o" elien !" FrangoisXavier Auguste, as I've told you Sbefore, I believe was a popular man in hi?.;r , .: And his comrades,not one Of wlom knew of the Nun, Now began to consult. what -wa'best to be Rone. A Confess'd they did not know at all what to A do: But the Chevalier Hippolyte Hector Aehille S Alphonse Stanislaus Emile de Gandville G Made a fervent appeal To the zeal they. must feel For their friend, no diatinguished an officer's weal. "The first thing," he said, "swas to find out the matter That bored their poor friend so, and caused all "this clatter-_ . Mort de nid.sie!. " -Hereo:he took some eappee- , "Be the cause what it m 1ay,be shall tell it to mel",. He was" right" sure enough -in a'couple of I He wormsout the wholes atoryof 'Sister ; Thertoe, ? Now.entomb'd; poor dear soul I insome Dutch .P&'e 1 a Cliiise. -"t'Bst theworast thing of tll1" Pangoin Xavier deelares', "Ia' wheneverl've thken my candle tip.stairs, There's Therese sitting there-upon one of those chairs I Such a frown, too, she wears,and so fright. fully glares, I That I'm really prevented frbim~ ?iig my pray'rs, , Whiloe an odour, the very r~es eii obf :per More like rhubarb ersenna, pervades th"whole I room " - - Hector Achille Stenial? 1 ail a -- n When he heard himistalkso felt an oddsort of feel; Not that ihe oaied for Ghostas-he was far too genteel ;'_ p' Still a quieerish' sensation came on when he A Hi,, whoni, for fun, They'd, by way of a pun • ' - On his person and priniolples nick-named" Sans Poi,: A man whom they had, you see, Mark'd as a Saducee,- L In his horns, all at once, so completely to draw, And to talk of a Ghost with such manifest T awe ! It excited the Chevalier Grndville's surprise; He shrugg'd up his shoulders, he turned up And he thoght with himself thathe could not do less " Than lay the whole matter before the whole' mee. . Repetition's detestable ;--So as you're best able Paint to yourself'the effect at the MIess-table- How the bold B3rigadiere -Prick'd up their C ears, And received the account, some with fears, some with sneers. How the Sieur do la Roue Said to Count Cordon Fleu, "faufoi-c'est bien.drole-llonseigneur, what say you 1" Hiow Count Cordon Bleu Declared he "thought so too; " How the Colonel affirm'd that "the case was quite new;" How the Captains and Majors Began to lay wagere How far the Ghost part of the story was true; How, at lasot, when asked "What was the best thing to do I" Everybody wassilent,-for nobody knew !- And how, in the end. they said, "No one could deal With the matter so well, from his prudence and zeal, As the Gentleman who was the first to reveal This strange story-pviz. Hippolyte Hector A Achille Alphonse Stanislaus Emile de Grandeille ! " I need scarcely relate The plans, little and. great, Which came into the Chevalier Hippolyte's pate To rescue his friend from his terrible foes, Those mischievous Imps, whom the world, I suppose From extravagant notions respecting their hue, Has strangely agreed to denominate "Blue," Inasmuch as his schemes we?e of n. more avail Than those he had, early in life, found to fail, When he strove to lay salt on some little bird's tail. In vain did he try With strong waters to ply . . - His friend, on the ground that he never could 'spy;? . . Such a thing as Ghost, with a drop in hi eye; St. Foix never would drink now unless he was dry; Besides, what the vulgar call "sucking the \- -monkey" Has much less effect on a man when he's funky. In vain did he strive to detain him at table Till his "dark hour" was over--he never was able, Save once, when at Mese, Withthat sort ol address, Which the British call "Humbug," and the Frenchmen " Finesse " (It's "Blarney" in Irish-I don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring his friend's Englishwatch.' He examined the face. And the back of the case, And the young Lady's portrait there, done on enamel, he "Saw by the likeness was one of the family; Cried "Sperbe l-Magniftue I " (With his tongue in his cheek) Then he opened the case, just to take a peep in it, and - Seized the occasion to pop back the minute hand. With a demi-conge, and a shrug, and a grin, he Returns the bijou and--c'et uoe afaireJfnie " I've done him," thinks be, "now 1'11 wager a guinea !" It happen d that day They were all very gay, 'Twas the Grad KMonargue's "birthday-that is, 'twas St. Louis', - Which in Catholic countries, of course, they . would.view as his '-BSo;when- Hlippolyte saw Him- about' to S.. ithdraw, He cried, " Come-that won't do, my fine \- fellow, St. Foix, Give us five minutes longer, and drink Vice le Frangois Xavier Auguste, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was play'd, drew his watch : from'his fob, Just glanced: at the hour, then agreed to -' bob nob," .. SFill'd a bumper, and rose, With "Measieurs, I pronose-" He paused-bis blanch'd llps fail'd to utter . the toest.l' 'Twos elireen !lhe thoughtaithalf-paat ten at Ev'y limb; nerve,'and m?hcle gew stiffe a popett :Bi s jaridropp'd--his eyeb'' 8ld itd twice their own aizo -'': - And hoe stood al apointer ould s'tand-at a Ohostf .. -Then shrick'd, as he fell on the floor like a : stone, ,. . 'Ah:l ,Sister Theresel .-now--do, let me .a slonel" -- -i It's amazing by shederpeiseverence what men \- ' i do .- .'_ . , - . As waterwears stone by the " Serpe cadendo," If they stick:.to :Lord iSomebody's matto, Was .it not. Robert .Bruce l-I declare Iyve -"' :forgot. :.: , .. : But'I think' it was Robertyou'll und it in Scott? Wio, whei ciursiag Dams Fortuneas taught b: ? yaSpider, ' "Sa esre come round, if you willut \- abide'her."' " Then ianother great Rb," Called "White': :'.heaided Bob,"': : : Whom-I- odnece saw receive such: a thump on <,'the "nob' • i _ - . From a fist which might almost an elephant' . brain, Thit I' really elieved, at the first, he was . slai , Forhe lay like a log on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a small lancet and opened a vein Jhut below his left eye, which relieving the He.stood up, le-a trump, with an air of dise dain, :-While his "backer" was fain-For he could not refrain (He was dress'd in peangreen, with a pin and gold chain, And --I: think I heard somebody call him " Squire Hayne,") To whisper ten words one should always retain, ,-rac-sac-es. " TiiE LEMON A' -A.caa'sao AGN ! II " A hint ne'er surpass'd, though thus spoken at' random, Since Teuner's'apostrophe-Nil despcrandum ! Granville acted on it, and order'd his Tandem. He had heard St. Fair say, That no very great way From Namur. was a snug little town called Graadpre, Near which, a few miles from the banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-sister of poor DearTherese, Of the same age, of course, the same faither, same mother, And'an like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with her Mama, -Having lost her Papa, Late of contraband schnaps an unlicenseS° distiller, And her. name was Des Moulins (in English Miss Miller). Now, though. Hippolyte Hector Could 'hardly expect her - To feel much regard forher sister's "protector," When she'd seen him so shamefully leave and neglect her; Still, he very well knew In this world there are few But are ready much Christian forgiveness to ' show, For other folk's -rongs-- if well paid so to do And he'd seen to what acts "Lries AngiaeC " compel beau And blles whose affairs have once got out at Selbows, . . - With the magiceeffect of a handful of crowns Upon people whlose pockets boast nothing but '?' browns:" A few franca well applied He'd no doubt would decide Miss Agnes Des Moulins to jump up and ride As far as head-quarters, next day, by his side; For the distance was nothing, to speak by comparison, To the town where theMousquetairea now lay in garrison; Then he thought by the aid Of aveil, and gown made Like those worn by the lady his friend had betray'd, They might dress up Miss Agnee solike to the Shade Which he fancied he saw, of that poor injured maid, . Come each night, with her pale face, his guilt to upbraid; That if once introduced to.his room, thus. array'd, And then unmnsk'd as soon as ate'd long Senoughl stay'd, 'Twould be no very difficult task to persuade Him the whole was a scurvy trick, cleverly play'd, Out of spite and revenge, by a mischievou?s jade! With respect to the echeme-t!hough I do not call that a gem Still i've known soldier's adopt a worse strata. gem, And that, too, hmong the decided approvers Of General Sir David Deundis's " MIanuvrea." There's a proverb, however, I've always \- thought clever, Which my Grandmother never was tired of repeating, "The proof of the puddingis found in the eating i" We shall see in the sequel, how Hector Achille Had mix'd up the suet and plums for his meal. The night had set in;-'twaa a dark and a gloomy one: Off went St. Foix to his chamber; a roomy one, Five stories high, The first floor from the sky, And lofty enough to afford great facility For playing a game, with the youthful Snobility, Of "cerack corps," a deal in Request, Swhen they're feeling, In dull country quarters, ennui on them steal ing; A wet wafer's applied To a sixpence's side, Then it's spun with the thumb up to atilckon the ceiling; Intellectual amusement, which custom allows old troops, I've seen it here practised at home by our SHousehold troops. * "Tompioa'; I pre'sum f"--Fayqlpy He'd a table, and bed, And three chairs;. and all's eaid A bachelor's barrack, whero'er you discern it, yoria Sure not to find overbirth'n'd with furniture. Francois Xavier Auguste lock'd nid bolted his door With just the same caution hb'd practised before; Little he knew That the Count Cordon Bleu, With Hector Achille, and the Sieur do la Roue, Had been up there before him, and drawn ov'ry screw - And now comes the moment-the watches and clocks All point to levenr-the bolts and the locks Give way-and the party turn out their bag. fo ! With step noiseless and light, Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, and her veil long and white, Ma'mrsello Agnes des Moulins walks in as a Sprite.!- She approaches the' bed With' the same silent tread Just as though she had been hat least hal a year dead I.. - Then seating herself on the "rush-bottom'd chair," Throws a cold stony glance at the Black Mousquetaire. • If you're one of the "play- going public," kind reader, And not a Moravian or rigid Seceder, " You've seen Mr.Keann, I mean in that scene Of Macbeth,-by some thought the crack one of the piece, Which ha hbeen 60 well painted by Mr. M'Clise, When he wants, after having stood up to say \- grace," To sit down to his haggis, dand can't find a place;. You remember his staro At the lhigh-back'd Where the Ghsat sits thiobody le' lkn?s is there, And how, after saying "What man dares I dare I" He proceeds to declare He should not so much care If it camo in the shape of a "tiger" or " hear," But he don't like it shaking its long gory hairl While the obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, With a horrible grin, Site, and cocks uphis chin, Just as though he was asking the tyrant to shave him. And Lennox and Rosses Seem qdite at a loss If they ought to go on with their sheep's head and sauce ! And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly cross, And says in a buff It's all "Proper stuff i" All this you'll have 'seen;- Reader, often enough; So perhaps 'twill assist you in forming some :notion . - . Of what, must have- been Francois Xavier's emotion;: ::. If you fancy swhat troubled Macbeth to be . doubled,.: -:.-. .. .,: And, instead of one ?,?nquo to stare in his Without speulation," suippose hed a brace / L~ish 'Pd oor Fiseli's pencil, who ne'er I bel ieve was exceeded inlpainting the terrible, Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who -was so a-droit in depicting it-ýide his piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort's decease, ! Where: ithat prelate is lying, Decidedly \- dying, r ith.the Ring and his suite, Standing just . nt his feet, Aid 'his hands, as Dame Quickly says,'fumb .. ling the sheet; While,' close at his ear, with the air of a scorner, " "Busy, meddling," Old Nick's grinning up.in thecorner. 'p But painting's an art I confess T amraw in, The fact.is, I never took lessons in drawing, Had I done so, instead Of the lines you have read, I'd have given you a sketch should have fill'd you with dread ! Frangois Xavier Augusot squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, His complexion like lead, Ev'ry hair-that he has standing up, on his head,.. - As when, Agnes des Moulinsafirst catching his view, Now right, and now left, rapid glances he threw, Then shriek'd with a wild and unearthly "Mon Dicu / of'l de?/L Br 'iE PorPE THERE ARE TWO I ! i o He fell back-one long aspiration he drew, In flew De l.a Roue, :And Count Cordon Blen, Pommade, Pomme-de-terre, and the rest of their crew. He stirr'd not,-he spoke not,-heo one 'of them knewl And Achille cried . Odzooks I fear by his looks, " ' Our friend, Frangois Xavier, has popp'd off the hooks !" 'Twas too true I 2afthurcux/ll It was done 1--ho had cnded his ~earthly career, He had gone off at once with a flea id his ear; ,The Black Mousquetaire vwas 'ai dead as Small-beer !! : : -Lne oy. A moral more in point I s?aree could hope Than this, from"Mr. Alexander Pope. If ever chance should bring some Cornet gay And pious Maid,-as, possibly, it may, From Knightebridgeo Barracks, and the shades Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kensal Green; O'er some pale marble when they join their heads To kiss the falling tears each other sheds; Oh ! may they pase !-- and :think, in silent awo, He, that he reads the words, "Cigif St. Foix!" She, that the tombstone which her eye surveys Bears this sad line, --" Hic ace S?ecur Th?eroe 1"- Then shall they sigh, and weep,' and mur muring say, " Oh l may we never play such tricks as they I" And if at such a time some Bard there be, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song-like Ingoldsby If such there be-who sings and salps so well, Let him this sad, this tender story tell ! Warn'd by the tale, the gentle pair shahll boast,' "I've 'scaped the Broken Heart I "-' and I, the Ghost" I ! hay good digesti n wait on apetite, 