novelist The Midnight Prophecy OJI, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XIX. the countess returns. " The sun- had drooped out of sight and the dusky mantle of twilight hung over the Alpine summits, before the Countess ;. of Strathspey returned to the spot where Colonel Yerney awaited her. \- The officer was smoking fiercely and growing desperately impatient, yet his sphinx-like face was cool and smiling and his manner the very perfection of thorough- \ bred politeness. He gave the lady one keen glance as \- she' approached him, and made up his " mind that she had not seen her husband, : and knew nothing of his having followed her ; and he concluded not to enlighteu her, but to get her on the homeward route . and leave her to settle it with the earl as best she could. He sighed, and his eyes softened as lie looked down on her fragile, child-like beauty. How he had loved her once ! And now Bhe h%d not the power to stir \- Jiis heart, save with a brother's tender pity. _ . He was thoroughly in love with his brilliant Jftznces. Miss Julia Beresford, intfependeqt of ber ten thousand a \- year. Lord Strathspey was a fool, if he had , only been wise enough to know it. Lady Strathgpev's face was flushed and eaget, and she olutohed a little , package in both hands, as if it were an invaluable treasute. "Well, Lady Strathspey," said the colonel, as he , handed her into the < vehiole, " 1 trust you have met with suc cess." ' ' The ohild is mine, Colonel Yerney," she replied solemnly, "he has the . Strathspey 'birthmark on his right arm — he is my child,' my babe, that was stolen from me." "I have no doubt of it, madam, but . I'm afraid you'll find it difficult so prove \--"it," replied the colonel ; " the other boy, you say, has the birth-mark, tool" ' "Yes, he has I Poor little boy, I am very fond of him, and he shall always be as. my own," she said, with emotion ; > " but my own boy , in the valley yonder, . Lord Strathspey's true sou, shall be the heir." __ continued the ooloneL as theyAped along through the deepening twilight, "how do you pur pose bringing. this about?. Have you sufficient proofs to convinoe your hus- / band, and establish the child's claims ?" " I have the child's olothes." she said, clasping the little package to her bosom, '' the same he had on when they found himunder the milch-goat. Only a plain lip and a quilted flannel cloak, but I thought I would take them." \- " I hope you'll succeed, but really it looks very doubtful," responded the practical colpnel. " I know it does j but heaven will help me. Colonel Yerney. He sent me to my i child, and 1 Btyijl look to Providence for help and direotidn. I rovpr will abandon my purpose, never white X have life and reason. My boy shall be his father's heir, if it costs me my life and happi ness." Her pale faoe glowed in the twilight, with the light of,, inspiration and death less determination. Colonel Yerney regarded her with ad miring wondor. " 1 beg your pardon, Lady Strathspey," he said at last; "but I am older than you and wiser in experience; allow me to advise you to tell your husband every- . thing as soon as you meet him ; conceal- wife is like play- 1 . f - v-v- ! : ' - ' V : " Yes," she responded ; " but I want to spare my dear husband all the anxiety and suspense 1 can. As soon as I can see my way clear " "But you may cause him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself, in the meantime," interrupted the officer; he may misconstrue your motives and actions." She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in the gloom. "Misconstrue my actions? What do you mean, Colonel Yerney ? My husband does not mistrust me, would not, under any circumstances. How dare you in sinuate such an impossibility ?" "I beg your pardon, you will see one day that I am right, and have your wel fare at heart. And now, are we to find lodgings for the night, or to start on our journey at once ?" "Oh, start at once by all maans," cried the countess ; we have not a mo ment to lose. I must get home before my husband returns from London." "Poor thing," sighed the colonel ; "it will be a cruel blow !" They proceeded at once into France, and, having seen her ladyship safely on, board the Dover steamer, Colonel Yerney went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in his inmost heart that his friend had been at the antipodes before he Bent the message that caused him to start on such an ill-starred journey. The countesB reached Sevenoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good order, and her guests making themselves comfortable. She felt intensely thankful and oc cupied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning the child she believed to be her own, to be put in the bands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. She was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. Pondering over Colonel Veruey's ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her hus band everything, and if possible to enlist his sympathies and co-operation. But her husband did not return 1 A week went by 1 Another followed and still be was absent. . Theshooting season was famous, but the earl's friends began to think that their host was treating them rather shabbily, and one by one took their flight. The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con- sternatinn Bhe learned that the earl had not been seen. She telegraphed a second time, to his club address, and to his sister, Lady Nevill, with no better success. It was evident that the earl had not been in London. The poor wife's anxiety knew no bounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for the husband she loved so well, and was juBt on the point of starting for London herself to learn what had become of him, when he, all at once, made his appearance. Judith met him in the hall, on hiB first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. Ho grave-yard ghost ever looked more ghastly. Recovering her wits in an instant, and divining that something terrible had be fallen him, she fled like the wind to her lady's chamber. The countess was read iug, or making a pretence to do so, but she looked up as Judith entered. " Well, what is it ?" Bhe questioned, seeing in the girl's face that she brought some intelligence. "My lady, Lord Strathspey has come." ' The countess sprang to her feet . " Oh, thank Heaven I" she cried, "where is he? Where is my darling husband ?" She was about to rush out in search of him in her joy, but Judith caught at her arm. "One moment, my lady," she im plored, "I think my lord is ill — or — or —something has happened — do notgo just yet." \- Bub the anxious wife shook her off. "Is he ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, let me go to him." She freed herself from the girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the doqr asjain, and there, face to face; she met he husband CHAPTER XX. PARTED. Fqt the spftee of a moment they stood silent, looking into each other's eyes ; the earl s hair disheveled, his garments Boiled,- and his faoe so white sod emaciated, that his eyes looked out from their sunken sockets like balls of fire. " Oh, Angus, my darling," gasped the poor wife at laBt, putting out her tremb ling arms to embrace him, " what is this ? what has changed you so ? " The sound of her voice seemed to rouse him into an insane fury. He hurled her back, when she would have elapsed his neck, with a force that sent her reeling to the other side of the room. "Don't come near me again, don't touch me," he burst out, panting for breath in his anger and weakness, " or I shall forget that you are a woman, and the mother of my children. What has changed me? D you know, can you know, can you guess, false, fair-faced de- ceiver ? What could make a man what I am to-day, but the shameful deceit and treachery of his wife ? " The poor countess shivered with terror, believing that her husband was utterly insane. She retreated into a corner of the room, and put forth her hand to grasp the bell-rope. But he darted up on her like a wild beast, and seizing her by the shoulders forced her down into a seat. " Don't shiver and tremble, poor, guilty coward," he cried,- standing over her with his white, awful face, " I'll not harm you— I couldn't do that — I couldn't harm a hair of your head, although you have dragged me and my proud name down into the dust, and made me an alien and an outcast for all time to come." "Angus!" "Silence! I won't hear one word from your false lips ! Listen to what I have to say, for after this hour I never mean to look upon your face again— you have broken my heart — the heart that loved you," he continued, with a sudden out burst of tenderness. " Oh, Marguerite, how could you, how could .you play me false?" He sunk into a seat, and -burying his face in his hands, shook and sighed like a child in his weakness. His wife arose, and creeping to his side, stole her arms about his neck; but their soft touch Ho, no!" he cried, hurlingijher" off agan ; " I'm not to be cajoled nor de ceived any longer. That time's pa3t. Yoii deceived me in the very hour I made yoi ray wife. You belonged to Tim then ! Yoi were the mother of his child ! And nov, the moment lie comes back from India, you fly to his arms. False, aban- dored, shameless woman !_ " Same little comprehension of the true cause of her husband's apparent insanity, beam to dawn upon the bewildered mind of ";he countess. She arose, her litl\e, si eider figure seeming at least a foot talbr, a fiery spot kindling on each waren cheek, and her blue eyes beginning to Waze and glitter. Lord Strathspey," slie said, her voice icily calm, " you are my husband, but you shall not insult me 1 " The earl broke into a mocking laugh. 'Insult you!" hecried, bitterly. "Yoii, wlo taking advantage of your husband's absence, go strolling out of England with yaur old lover. You didn't think I fol lowed you, iradam? 1 did though. I taw you sitting under the old oak crying over your illegitimate son. L-know now why you have always treated my son with 8tich unwomanly indifference. I was within a stone's throw of you all the time, and saw your gallant colonel awaiting you in the coppice. -False, false woman 1 I believe now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babe on the night of his birth. You wanted no other son beside your pet Tyrol. " Lady Strathspey stood like marble, never answering a word. : " I can understand now," continued the earl, the whole thing, seeming to grow clearer and indisputable, "why .you were so anxious to travel, and why ou sent so many packages to your brother in India. Brother, indeed ! What a blind fool I have been ! But my eyes are open now. For two weeks and over I have been lying at death's door in the Tyrol. I should have died, I think, but for my children. I could not leave them to their shameless mother," he went on. "I am. here now to make my final arrangements. I shall give them, my boy and girl, I mean, to Lady Neville, my sister, with the understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. Day after to morrow I shall meet your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his heart ; and then I shall leave England forever. I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to keep you from want," he added, turning back in the doorway ; " and from, this hour I hope never to hear your name, or look upon your face again, neither in this world, nor in the world to come ! " He gjbrode out, with one backward glance, and that glance beheld her, still standing erect and statue-like, her face all aglow with outraged innocence, her clear, sinless eyes full of fiery indignation, yet melting with tenderness for the hus band who had so foully wronged her. . And in the after years of his wander ings — and bitter, remorseful years they were — the remembrance of her face as he last saw it haunted the earl like an aveng ing Nemesis. ... CHAPTER XXL - LAST HOUKS. There are some calamities that strike us dumb and powerless, like the light ning-shaft. When Lady Strathspey heard her husband's footsteps ringing down the oaken stairway, she sank down upon the carpet, and resting her forehead on her folded arms, sat in a stupid, senseless torper, half unconscious of the . great calamity that had befallen her. In that condition Judith found her, when, after waiting for hours to be sum moned, aud unable to repress her anxiety, she entered her lady's room ' unbidden, and all efforts on the girl's part, to rouse her proved ineffectual. In her fright, Judith summoned Mr3. Colonel Chudleigh, and Bhe, in her turn, summoned the family physician. But he shook his head, almost as soon as his eyes rested on the white, frozen face. The disease was beyond his skill, he could do no more than administer a simple stimulant. But toward night, of her own will, the .countess roused up. Yery white, and still, and silent, she remained, but. she was clear-headed and conscious, and be gan at once to make her arrangements fox- leaving Sevenoaks. Her husband lmd cast her off, and she determined to repair at once to her own castle, known as Aukland Oaks; she was too proud in her injured innocence to make one effort toward clearing herself in his eyes, or regaining his confidence and affection. " We shall set out early in the morning, Judith," she said, quietly, " and I want you to make all necessary arrangements ; that is," she added, with a wan smile, "if you intend to stand by me now, in my hour of trial!" The girl burst iuto tears. "My dear, dear lady," she sobbed, "how can you doubt me ?" " I do not doubt you, J udith," returned rhe countess, " I trust you ; you are my one true friend and helper in all the world." The following orning found every- thing in readiness. The counters break-., fasted in her own apartments. Her trunks stood out in the hall, her private cai-riage was ordei-ed. She' made her explanations to Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and charged her with the task of excusing her to the few guests still remaining. Only one task remained to her before she. went out from her husband's .home forever. She must bid adieu t6 her children. Oh, bitter, bitter task 1 The poor mother put it off till the very -last moment. Her husband had decreed that they should be given to Lady Neville's charge, and they were to go down to Lon don that very afternoon, in the care of Lord Strathspey's notary. He was lord and master of all, and nothing remained for but to submit and obey. She crossed the hall with tottering stepB, and tapped at the nursery door. The Dundas woman opened it. Lady Pearl and her brother had just finished their breakfast. "0, mamma," cried Pearl, "you are going down to London, too ! I'm so glad! Lola said you wasn't but you will go !" The countess drew the child to her bosom . and signed to the nurse to leave the room. She obeyed, with a strange glitter in her dusky eye3. " Mamma cannoj; go to London now," the poor mother began, choking down the aching misery at her heart ; " but Lady Pearl shall go, and stay awhile with Aunt Neville." " I don't want to go without you, mamma." " But you must, my darling, Manama is obliged to go on a journey new; brother . A, ': Angus will go with you, and papa wil. come soon ; and you'll see the great city, and have soknany pretty things, and play with Cousin Victoria, and Aunt. -Neville will be very kind to you." The child grew somewhat pacified, and the young heir stood passive, his light, opaque eyes expressive of neither one thing or the other. The countess arose, feeling that in a few moments her strength and fortitude would give way. She turned to the boy first, and took both of his sallow cheeks in her hands. " Good-bye, Angus," she said kissing him repeatedly, "in the years to come you shall suffer no wrong at my hands. Heaven bless you." The toy received the embrace as he did everything else, with passive indiffer ence. But little Marguerite sobbed and clung, to her mother in passionate grief. "My darling, may Heaven keep you from harm," murmured the countess. Then, with one last convulsive embrace, . Bhe tore herself away. She had parted from her children, perhaps forever. Yet her step was firm, and her bearing like tkatof an outraged queen, as she traversed the long corridor, passing the apartments in which her husband and his lawyer sat, the doors double-locked. Judith awaited her in the hall, and the carriage was at the door. She entered it, and without one backward glance, passed out from the grand, old manor, and under the branches of the giant oaks, on her way to the home of her childhood — a dis graced and discarded wife ! As she rolled along in the yellow, autumn sunlight, a sudden remembrance of that awful morning, when the strange apparition appeared before her, as she sat under the great rock at Strathspey Towers, .flashed across her mind. " You shall be robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by your husband, and derided by the world 1" "Ah, Heaven," she murmured, "how fearfully the terrible prediction has been fulfilled I What merciless fate is pursuing me ? What in all my life have I ever done, that all this woe and desolatson should come upon me ?" In the meantime, the Earl of Strathspey was making his final preparations ! -Everything had been arranged between him and Colonel Gilbert Yerney, who was then at his sister's residence, only a short distance from Sevenoaks. The seconds had settled all the prelimi- nares, and the deadly meeting was to take place on the following morning at sun rise, at a spot known as Willow Ridge, a secluded place some seven or eight miles distant. Lord Strathspey knew well enough that the chances against him were two to one.' His adversary was a cool, strong-nerved man, an old soldier, and a dead shot. There was little hope that he would escape with his life ! And in view of this state of things, lie was engaged throughout the day in closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death and eternity. And calmly enough he did it, for, in that hour, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, with all his wealth aud honors, was not much in love with life. He made his will, providing handsomely for his daughter, and leaving eveything "else to his Bon and heir, save an annuity to his late counteBi, and five thousand pounds to be deposited in the bank to the order of J udith Ford. His two children, he left in charge of his sister, appointing her hus band, Sir Marshall Neville, as guardian and executor. This done, in his silent, and desolate home, he sat down and waited for the slow hours of the autumn, night to wear \- away, and themorrow dawn, which, in all probability, would make him a murderer, in the same moment that it sent his guilty soul into the presence of his Maker. (to be continued) 