LOQAL NEWS. -: o : Be advertisement in to-day's issue it will be seen that on account of the recent heavy rains the Albion Park Isandicap and sports have been postponed until Wednesday, 7th August. L sT week, at the Koiama Court, a slaughtering licenso was granted to Edfward Martin, farmer, of Jamberoo. P'atrick J. Murphy pleaded guilty to being drunk in Terralong-street, Kiama, and beiong his firset offence, was admonished and discharged, SEVERAL rutmours were current in Wl longong on Priday with regard to the strike at Mount Kembla, but they require con firmation. One report was to the effect that there were twelve men at work at the coal, and that in all probability the re mainder would resume work on Monday next. AT a meeting of the Numba Municipal Council on Thursday last, Alderman Leslio moved that this council make appli cation to the Governor for leave to borrow the sum of £1000 for the purpose of re pairing and making roads of the munici Iality. Seconded by Alderman Smith and carrid iiuniminouely. Ie conscquemmco of the contiuod unseottled state of the weathmer and the condition of the roads, it has been decided niot to hold a pablic tea meeting next month in connec tion with the oponing services of the school room, when t!he Rev. Dr. Kelynack will ipreach on the Sabbath and deliver his lc turo entitled T" Tho land we live in." We undlerstand that the trustcos have decided that the enla.rged school-room shall henco forth be called the Lecture Hall, Mn. J. L. BOONEY, from Numba, has taken chargeo of the Public School at Albion Park, in the stead of Mr. J. D. Moore. Mr. Roonsy has hitherto boon connected with important metropolitan schools, but in consequence of the feeble health of Iirs. Rooney,he sought the rural districts. At Albion Park the attendance at the school under the late regime had dwindled down wards very mnoch, but a revival lhas taken place, and the attendance has already at tained the good figure of 10. In Mis. loonoy the p1ol0 of the I'Park have ob tained an acquisition, as her musical and vocal attainments are of nio ordinary stamp, and she is always ready to assist &t; entertainments given for commendable purposes+--Ilhatwarra Mlercry. IIOLLOWAY'P'P ILLS.--.ClhangScOf tompera turo tnd weather frequenitly upsetf persons who are most careful of their health, and in their diet. Those correctivo, perifying, and gentle aporient Pills are the best remedy for all defective action of the diges tive organs. They augment the appetite, strengthen the stomach, correct biliousoness, and carry off all that is noxious from the system. holloway's Pills aro composed of rare balsams, unmixo:l with baser matter, and on tlmt account are peculiarly well adaptcd for the young. delicate, and aled. As this peoorless modicine has gained fame in the past, so will it preserve it in the future byits renovating and invigorating qualities, and the impossibility of its dolong harm, Oy Saturda aftornoon lost thu local corps of vohn s worn put through a seoris of drill dor th coniminud of Staff snrgoant lliano old. Next Saturday tltoro is to bo a gaoi al roviow of thu troops in Sydnoy for -in uttion by Mejor- Gonerul ltErwards in n ich thu locol corps is to tito prt. TI) Corps is to. fall in at tho ililway Stith at a. qiarter to 1 atm.,o int ulon nrri i in Svdtiby, t "2.41: Mooro [urc, di .s to-bo roviow ordor, with; great coats a logginigs. The roturni train is to ion o Sydney at 3.40 a.m. on Sunday. THiE Coiport ion of Kiamna is not alouo in its sory tli it. Writing to the Daill Tdelgtaph of Salurday last, a corrospondent signing himself " axloay," and referring to the corporation oCantcrbury says:-" To many our civic bob' is a ionx and to a few it is only an obsic1 reality. The constitu tion of that bodi' weo rrosiuno to ba the sunio as obtaits oe5mshero, buit wo kniow of its oxistinco oitly on we know of to-1tinrrow'O raiti or if our lastt iglhtmtIarO. It is either a possiblo corltinoy or a hlorriblo diratm. It hus passed, as u taigiblo public [sctoot, bnyoud the rogiot of definitiot or fir into that of chaos and stugian darkness Its acts are in ovorv case only spasmodically useful or oequisiuoly absurd. It is con fionted on every ode by ghosts of its own creation... . The condition of our thoroughfares uin uppalling. Pedestrian locotnotion is suspended or, at leant, pro curious. Only last Sunday a devout and respoctablo chtizati dropped hur family Bible in the mud lq her way front churoli, dlomestic. A more suggoerive incido t occurred only yesterday, when an umtbrella (with unicorn heodle), believed to blon g to his Worship the Mayor, yes found ob structing a culvert. Tho district comprises on area of 12 square milee, with 76 miles of roadway. This large civic territory is manago d by a Mayor, eight eldermuan, a council clerk, an inspector of nuisances, an overseer and sis day-laborers, reproacnting a vigilance committoo of es acily two suporior officials for eachr indivi duil workmnaui The municipal debt is £700;) or more, and for this sum tbh rates ore oild as security. Telo debt has boeu incurred for two years, but as yet no pro vision has boon iiiade for reducing any por tion of it. T[ho council's credit is strained to the utmost limit of tension, but that body continues to contemplate its creditors with Micawbor-liko indillerncee. A local humorist has rather grinmly sug gosted the purchase of a hearse for the eivic body, 1Everybody would readily sub scribo, and no better sarcasmn could be por petrated. It will be only to allow of tho passage of this ghiistly vehliclo that we nued espiet aniy improvenient in our soadviys, and to effect this purpose we will turn out, with shovel aiid besooii, toa man." [With out any coumeint upon tihe above, we leave our readers to judge how similar the two corporations of tiama and Canterbury aeo, anil whether the hearso is really needed in the formsr.-iip. I.Jl THee unsottled woathor which has been provailing along the northorn coast of Now South Wales for the past few days cnlmi noted on Thursday last in a violent castorly storm. Fivovossels wont ashore at Byron Bay, and one was totally wrecked. The ill fated float comprised the brig Fawn and schooners Agnes,.Spurwing, IBannoekburn, and Hastings, all .wall known coasters. The Fawn seoms to have bean the first to have gone ashore, and she was followed by the Agnes. The Spurwing then dragged, buet hung on for a time, and when it ap peered evident that the vessel could not hold out any longer the captain rather prudently slipped the cheins and beached her. Thls was at 10 minutes pastS o'clock. The Bannoebdurn want ashore alter the Spurwing, ard the Hastings, the last of tie fleet, had thtet to be beached for safety. The Fawn, after going ashore, appears to hlave got into a dangerous position, for the heavy seas rolling n sooae bogan to play sad heavoc with her, and in the afternoon she was reported to be a total wrcek, only a boat being saved from her. The Hastings, some of our readers will remember, traded to this port for some years, and the owner, Captain A. Hoosh, residedin Kiama dueiig thattime. 