ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. PLEECEMAN X ON THE FOK3E. IConBded to HUGH KALYPTUS.J TVIch this here bnzzom fills with pride, My heart is tbumpink hard ingide. To think bow much bof credit's doo To hall them gallant boys in bloo. Tiras master day hand bow we came, Sacb pleeceman with a hopriebt .'rauie, A bold bean beatink bin bis breast With pride to do his level test. Hall drawd hup fair bin level line, Kach button on the brightest sbine, We stood, the city's proudest bca«t, Beach man has firm his bany post. The mounted pleece bon horses grey, With trappings neat hand bright and gay, Was like the Eoyal Horse Guards Bloo, Band just has bold hand just baa troo. There Peters wall' he stood to heye His loved coppers filing by. Hand tbey could see has be was proud flaltboagh be oldn't think b&tond.; Band Hedwards as was there elect, The General cane for to hinspect Cast hover hall his beagle glance As past the troopers liones prance. Tben bevery buzum balmost bust when pride came hon thtm in a gust Bas Gen'ral Hedwards told them clean The; was the finest he had seen. Bo! I bam prowd bicdeed to be One bof the gallant comvanee— The stalwart Foot as ban parade Thtlr ehaloots to the Gen'ral made. Bow hoften have we been abased, Band by the jokers much tradooced, But now a Gen'ral, real and troo. Baa vindicated hall tbe Bloo. A French savant is said to have discovered the means of prolonging his life and rejuvenating himself by infusing into his own veins the warm Mood of a young living animal, and be contends that he has made himself ten years younger. Now, if he goes on at that rata he will in time reach his first childhood, and then what will become of his science ? Imagine an infant " pnleing and pnkeing in the norse's arms," and yet having all the scientific attainments of a savant of sixty. A littfe of that rejuvenating vital fluid would go well in the Legislative Council, whereby some of the members there might be made yooog maidens of blushing sixteen. Take the Assembly. How would it do to rednoe Mr. Rowland Reea's average of—300 years or •o 'down to say, nineteen. Think of the fresh assortment of classical quotations, and the lengthened list of famous reminiscenoes he •could gather together if he had another lease •of life. He would be a greater wonder than " She," and Rider Haggard would be snuffed «nt, for R. B. can draw upon the imagination with a facility for the marvellous that would make Haggard ait up. There is a good deal of truth (says Hugh Kalyptos) in the remark made the other day, that Adelaldeans are apt to treat those who cater for their amusement on the prindple of ignoring a man during his life and flocking to his funeral when he is dead. Were It not for this idiosynaraoy there would not be so many failures on the part of public per formers. It is not confined to theatricals lecturers, and others, but to public men. Take far instance our former popular Governor, who, whatever his failings might be, was a very able man, as any member of the Honest Tom Ministry could testify. "Well, he came on a visit here the other day, after winning golden opinions in Marvellous SmeUbonrae, but when he stepped upon the platform at the Adelaide terminus not a cheer was raised; yet warmth of feeling was not wanting, for when he went .away again the people " hoorayed and hoo-jolly-royed" till they made the rivets in the galvanized iron roof jump. It is not muoh consolation to a man to have lots of traps and horsemen following his funeral, although perhaps it Is some satisfaction to his ghost for him to have troops of friends when his wife's a widow, only their friendship rarely goes beyond getting their names in the newspaper paragraph anent the *' planting out of the dear departed." By the way, touching those obituary notion, I have often observed how extremely cordial the followers of the funeral are to tbe reporter who attends to record the virtues of the defunot. AB they pass in procession they bow and nod to the pressman with an urbanity that is amusing when one knows that it all proceeds from anxiety not to be overlooked as being ** amongst those we noticed in the cortege," &c.; In an np-oountry town there is a droll old Hibernian known as " Gooseberry Pat." Pat, who generally has some big gooseberry or enormous egg yarn, has the reputation of not always adhering strictly to the troth when relating his funny stories. Pat was the centre of,, an amused group the other day, whose he kept oonvnlsed with laughter. A passer-by hoard a oountrvman tell him he was a good second-hand pitcher, but it was a pity he did sot stick to the truth always. Pat replied— *'£he tfarutb, ye's say ? Share, me bhoy, it's moighty dangerous to till the thruth now-a days; faith if I towld the truth about yersilf and lot more av the folks about, ye's might be aither havin' me tried for libel—and I am net the bhoy to get meself ruined by telling the thruth; be jabers, no." A wotthy old colonist was severely sat upon by a lady teacher some little time since. His daughter waB sent to this lady's school to get a thorough grounding in English, &,c., and after having been attending the school some time Paterfamilas concluded that she was not making such progress as he could wish,, and that in fact she was a thorougn dunce for her age. Accordingly, he wrote a long letter to the teacher making sundry oetnplaints about the girl'B grammar, spelling, arithmetic, &c.;, having been eorely neglected —putting all the blame on the poor teacher. In due ooorse, be got what he thought was a reply, but on breaking the envelope found that it contained the letter he had sent, " returned" with every error in spelling and imar neatly underlined with red ink. tie old party took this very keenly to heart, and wrote her no more letters. Although he did not know it before, he now saw plainly that almost every second word he wrote was 