AWAKENED. Be Mns. S. S. Aldbick. Such a nretty home it was—an old farmhouse, palgmly modernised, with a big ba^ window, broad piazza, and sunny verandas, •an.dWold-fa8hioM&pqrchat; tltebackover which tlie toorningglories-clambered. Tlie wide green lawn in front sloped down to a, gra^^yill^-jetr^.nbt^bgi ISSnut^ walkrfronr-a large summer hot«? But back of the house aeres jind acres of rich, level farm land stretcSBd away^ where sleek cattle fed, and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled tbe wide mows when the liaying season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest ; farm in all the country round, and when the young master, Willis Clyde, five years before, brought to it his pretty wife, ililly, people said she was a fortunate woman. But Milly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and something of a dreamer, and-still-had that oldfasliioned notion tliat husbands ought to be , lovers. And Will, though be had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after liis marriage to bis farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. • l'retty brown-haired Milly! How lovely, how dainty she was, with her pink and white face and her dove-like eyes! And though so young, she was a most capable housekeeper, and the kindest mistress m the world, as Aunt Dolly, tlie cook, and Nora, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in tlie rambling old bouse was tastefully arranged, and in immaculate order. She made charming toilets; too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But oh, dear! she thought so often, with tears in her pretty .eyes, "what is the use of .changing my dress at all'except formyown pleasure? Will would never know whether 1 wore a satin or a faded calico gown." He had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for jier, the careless way he would toss her the lines 'afterward made Milly remembe though Will -forgot that the happiness of life," to one woman at least, was made up o little things. . .. _ Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some times indoors, sometimes on the wide, beautiful" lawn 1 . ' And tbey were always largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde bad hosts of-friends at the big hotel and about the village. Other people were not unmindful of her charms if her husband was And when sometimes at their tennis or croquet Will passed through the yard on his way to the house or field—Will,with his broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache—and carelessly touched his hat to the players, for he knew them all tlie tell-tale fiusli'onMillyis cheek, and the sparlde in her soft eyes, showed how proud she was of her farmer husband, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, handsomer far than even aristocratic Seal Rivers, with his six feet of stature, his blonde moustache, and laughing blue eyes tliat could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. He and bis mother and liis Cousin Clare were summering at the lioteL They came early in June when Seal was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like a longlimbed ghost. Long ago he had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July had gone, and the fierymouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longmead.picnic; a slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat The long, dusty road stretched away like a winding white serpent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy woodlands a delight on such a morning. - They started at. ten o'clock; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Seal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious the woods were after' that dusty three miles' drive! They were soon scattered about in tlie shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashedthrough the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a band played dreamily. •Milly enjoyed it all, but she was abstracted and more than usually quiet Will could not come with her, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him. Neal Rivers was always -with her; wh v, sli told herself, she really saw more of him in a week than she saw of her husband. That surely was wrong. But why did he monopolise lier so, when lie knew she had a husband ? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, he was flirtingwith her, as Madge told him the other day he did flirt with every girl, adding that lie ought toget a wife and stop such nonsense. And though he laughed, his face flushed as he isaid rather impatiently,— " If tliat is my only safeguard, the chances are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." He had a pleasant way of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much at first as if he had been her brother; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and flushedand paled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told him "He was like a-restless ghost, and could not keep quiet, long enough to enjoy himself or let anybody else do so." After the delicious dinner, Keal proposed that Madge and Milly should row with liim across tlie lake back of the grove, to a little island where some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Milly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluctantly consented. As it was cooler now,' and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry, pleasant row. When tlie boat's keel touched the 6hore, and Mr. Rivers was already landed, Madge, who was always a careless maiden, found to her dismay that she had lost one of the beautiful bracelets her father had given her only a short time before. " Oh," she moaned, " I must go rightback and look for it. Vou go ashore with Mr. Rivers, Milly, and wlien I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for tbe ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." " Oh, no,Madge," IDlly said, sturdily. -*'I am going back to help you findyour bracelet." What foolishness, with all that crowd of people to help me, Milly! Please get out—die man can row so much faster with out you." .. But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Rivers, and ifer face showed it plainly. "Come," he said, in that masterful way he had, holding out his hand to help her, " Come, little Puritan," addingwitb aslightly sarcastic laugh, "there are no bears on the island to devour us while Madge is gone, so do not fear. I have been here before and know every foot of it." And as he saw her vexed, fiuslied-facehe laughed again, but she gave liimjier hand and stepped ashore. , They went a little way up the bank, to where a large maple threw its cgol shadows, and after Mr. Rivers had arranged Milly s shawl over tbe stones so as to make a com fortable seat, he threw himself on the grass beside her, fanning himself with his straw hat They sat thus a good while, not talking much,'watching the heat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For tbe breeze had gone down .again, and again that -sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in the west huge " thunder-heads" piled themselves up. \- But they took no notice that a shower was coming, one ot those sudden downpours tliat only come in the lurid heat of dogdays. It was two hours by Mr. Rivers' watch, and still no Madge, no boat " Thatcareless girl has probably forgotten all about us," he said, rising. Tbe sun was obscured by this time, and there was a low moaning of wind through e-the leaves. He looked about hastily, taking ' in the situation at a glance. How could he have been so careless as to take no heed k that a shower was coming? For even as he looked tbere was a flashand the first muffled roll of thunder. How white Milly's face grew! Ever since she cduldremember, she had been frantically afraid in a thunder shower.- Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly-fainted with fright, and now— - - . ?To tlie boat- house, quick! It is our only; shelter," lie said, hastily taking Jier hand.;/- - -•-.: . ..- . They readied It. just as the first wild jArregt of rain dashed down. He made the clumsy door fast," and then went liack - to t wlie^e 'she was' standing—for there was nothing to sit do\yn upon but tlie floor. e Slie put out lier bands and caught his arm biding Iter eyes against his sleeve. Ashe saw how white she was be- drew- his own breath hard, put his other urn, and let her l4n there. m aroUD 'i her, Afterward, when the tween them, the memo^M 6,3 >» flikesa shield about liim, tlie arm ^ still," to bis stom-tofe 0 / « \- -It grew very dark in tlm 1 liait^ only ?y two ^ efther end; one could scarcer?" JWtmng rthe^jhunder terrific, and the rai„ a ? Pailil1 ; bluiredWgaiiist the window^ waited.^ Sometimes, wlim lS^w fingere tightened or'she moaned 1^' a louder crash shook their fnil?, led a 1^ brushed her hair soothingl-Tnrt ail rL,u(.t he not to tremble so; the'^"^ - soon be over, and they could<m „ . When at last it was over t£T back for them. TheycS were-soon with the others in t. ty,an<! crowded little cottage near Uip oL over - tbey had taken ref pale and ill from lier f£cllf ^rt V so quiet that Madge told him l^ Vf 1 to have fallen upon peace In- iL . ai T' eai '«l ^hisrestless.tessS^-^^ The carnages came at last. tl„ !nTOr „ and Wilson, filecoachman, withvX- riUl ' horse and buggy. ' 1 Jlr - Overs' "Madge,"? Keal said in hi? autliom,*- manner, as he came into tlie Iial] J™"""- ride in the van, and Milly mW buggy with Clare; she is tirej " Uls "Kobody else is, I suppose." u„, answered in a vexed tone '-Min,- • of better fleshand blood than tiio rLu? 8 ' 1 ; " I know that," he said," so vou 1 m the van with me, and Wil^n irii 1 Clare and Milly in the bugfn- And though Milly did not'wisli ;t „>. Wtired to-ojguc/he poinS^^ ><jxt day'she had a nervous headacl,e, and kept ber room until nearly nicS ti^ girls cane to see hej Madge clattering a magpie, and pitied her, liecaiise ],Pr1, ' ached, Shd told her how " wretawfe it liad b^Bn all day with J S if hejvairnot sick he was cross and na,,ii r, on tlie piam.^Ytoy, n()t f At- mght-she crtept downstairs into ft,. parlour, when Will came in to read lib -papfer, and: sat down near liim leaning ]ler heaa-on his knee. She wanted to Mlhi™ of lier stay in-the boat-house with v. Rivers, because she thought rfieoucrl.t, ' and-he had evidently been mur-h voniJi about her yesterday, knowing how timi i . she;was in. a shower. But- after lie found out there was a house near bv whore tliw took refuge, he said no more. "So she be™ at once giving liim tbe outline of the 4orr rapidly and in a low tone: the row,the bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the , boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it tea! When she had finished,she waited -sn-i burning cheeks for him to scold her. lit Will, who to do him credit, had notheard ten words of what slie was savins, nothing but a confused jumble of a lwat-house,and ferns, and Madge, said irritablv,— " How persistent you are, J'filiy! Him do I care for those people and tlieirEmail happenings ? Enjoy yourself with tliem it you like, but don't expect- me to interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did not care about such a thing as tbat. She sat in the cool porch the nextmoming shelling peas, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But Milly shook lier head resolutdy. " Iso," she snid, " a housekeeper has oth/ things to do in the morning than play tennis." " We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. " He charged us noi to come back without you." And though Miliy felt her cheeks bum, she answered,— "You need not send Mr. Kivers.Why should I go for him more than for you?" Why, indeed? But ten minutes" later In sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laughing face in at the door, and said gaily,— "Come Milly, we want you. Don't refuse—we shall be all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can slidl peas ail winter."" As she ranupstairs to brush her hairand get ready, she thought,— "What is the use? I may as well p, for as be says, they will soon be gone,s3 of them, and then I can do penance, andand—Will doesn't care." After that-she never refusedto go with her friends anywhere. She walked, rode, e went sailing, played- games, went to the hops at thehotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way tlie wavu carried her; because they wanted her, and because " Will didn't care!" The night was full of moonlight ani tho soft chirp of crickets. It was the hist lioji of the season. To-morrow many were goin^' home, among them JTcfll Rivers and liis mother and Cousin Clare, 'to sail for Europe. : • Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arm. "Hasn't Milly come yet?" he said eicitedly. " No," she answered, "I am going now t see why." " Here, give her this." He scrawled a few words on the back of one of bis cards, in tlie moonlight:— " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. >'eai-" Sooner than he thought possible they came. He.stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into liis pockets, his face horribly pale in themoonlight- as he looked down upon her face. . " Were you not. coming ? ^ . "No"wearily. Then be put lier hand on liis arm, mi they walked slowly down the yard intothi' moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned te about and looked into tlie piteous white face. - " little wild bird, your heart is stnctcn. too, because we must be parted—anil mine, oh, Heaven,.mine is breaking!" " Say good-by, anil let me go, tM panted. His hand trembled; he gnawe.l hisBoa=tacbe fiercely. , r "Milly, I love you," pleadingly, l" 1 with me over the ocean. You mu.-t-yoj shall! I cannot go without you! I«™ wanted any other woman formywii?-l will never have any other. With you can be a good man, without you 1 sliaJ drift to Hades! -Come, come, my darjn?- -He will not care—lie is hard and cold. j« a week he -will forget he ever had ^ your two small hands you holdjny Jlillv. little brown-liaired Milly'- . "Milly—little brown-haired Milly- J I: J what Will had said, with liis arms a^ her, so long ago, in another mo.'iiM gaw _ filled witb the soft hum of cnci;i-t-=-. and over the words rang themsdra: in 1IL - am a plain man, not given to rawy words, but 1 love you, Milly, dflrluiL', M'-'- brown-haired Milly!" . 0Ī And woven in somehow with the mrmoonlight and the humming cnckeb those other words in letters .»f lire - < therefore God hath joined together, w man put asunder!" „, ,-t, a \- Down the garden path slie wounded deer; panting, eager, "V^f she did not stop until she tlL 3 („mU-l across the bed in her own room, an " dead away. t Two days later, when she c«l* kr stairs in the morning at the pale, shadowy face, Will, «' V:llJ foot, held out his arms and cli>sp« w him, awakened at last. 