it\c Catnip past SATURDAY, OCTOBER 30, ISS'.I. Nothing extenuate nor auglit set lioini in malice." Coastal Railways. Thc promises made by the Ho» Mr. NKLSOX to the people of thc district during his visit to Cairns in April last with reference to urging on the con- struction of the Cairns-Herberton rail- way have been fulfilled as well as cir- cumstances, over which tho Minister for Railways has no control, will permit. But a promise was given by Mr. NKI.SOX, which has been apparently entirely overlooked by him ; we allude to n trial survey of a railway route from Cairns to Mourilyan, to open up the Russell, Johnstone and Mul- grave river districts. In response to a deputation, headed by Mr. THOMAS MACKEV, Chairman of thc Cairns Divisional Board, who forcibly laid before the Minister the advantages to be gained by opening up the country named by railway com- munication, ho said-" He thought, however, that the claims of thc district were well worth looking into. He would leave the matter in the hands of the Chief Engineer, and instruct that officer to execute a flying survey when- ever he could spare any of his staff for the purpose." This was all very well as far as it went, and unless the dis- trict joins in the almost universal clamour for railway surveys the Hying survey of our coastal line will probably be laid to, rest iu the^liinbo. ofUm.,for,-; *|jutte»'Jpa»t^Trw ? list hanicd' in the Assembly on Tuesday last as the lines proposed by the Government out of the million vote for unspecified railways, as follows - Euoggera line, branch line to Lytton from present Cleveland linc ; extension via Redland Bay and Mount Cotton : Melbourne-street to Roma - street extension, Beaudesert line to Christmas Creek ; Meringandan to Goonoonan ; Hendress to Allora ; Esk to Colington ; Waloou or Esk to Marburg; Maryborough to Coudaliba; Mackay extension, over the Pioneer, including bridge; Townsville tolnghaui; Normanton to Red Bluff ; Rockhamp- ton to Port Alma"-does not include, it will be seen, the ghost of a benefit to the district of the Johnstone, Russell and Mulgrave rivers, in the way of railway construction. Yet we lind a voluntary tribute paid to its magni- ficent agricultural resourcesaud popula- tion carrying capabilities in the As- sembly last week. Speaking on the immigration vote, Mr. COWLET «aid " He knew of many places in the North where very many people could be settled on thc lauds. The Johnstone River district only wanted communiai . tion, and if that were well given thousands of people could make a I living there. The hon. member for Toowoomba could bear him out when he said that if a railway was made from Mourilyan to the tableland, millions] of acres of the richest scrub lands in the valleys of thc Johnstone and Bussell Rivers would be settled. [Mr. GROOM: Hear, hoar.] Mr. OOWLET 8aidif the railwajüjad been taken from Mourilyan harbour to the tableland instead of from Cairns, there would be close settlement all the way from Mourilyan to Herberton. Ten or fifteen acres of that land would keep a man and his family. If they would i only bring tho people into the colony to develop the country, and provide produce to be transported over their railways, their railways would soon betqriu to pay; and be a good investment for the country." In these assertions, brilliant ¡is they may seem, there is no exaggeration. If Mr. COWLET had gone further and stated that there is sufficient unsold land in the district to pay for the construction of a railway he would probably have been well within the mark. Persons acquainted with tlie country assert th.it railway connection with the districts in question would meet with no engineering diffi- culties, while in the way of timber there are enormous quantities of hickory and silk}' oak in the Bussell district,and m¡llf¿ii»i»nd million» o£ W of red cedar at the head of the John- stone. It will be noticed tliatarailwayis promised between Townsville and Ing- ham, and in the natural order of things this line must bc eventually extended to Cairns. In thc meantime, with such handsome resources to point to, it behoves the people of the districts interested to agitate for thoir right to a coastal railway 