THE FROZEN" :PIRATE:. BY W., CLARKE RUSSELL, duthor of ' The Wreck of tho Grosvenor 'The Lady Maud,' ' A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Ete. Cna rose XXVI.--I au TROUBLED BY STnouaorrS OP TILE TREASURn. The weight of the wind in the rigging steadidl the schooner somewhat, and pre sented, her from rolling too heavily to starboard, whilst' her list corrected her larboard rolls. So as I sat below she seemed to me' to Be making tolerably good 'weather of it. Not numh water canme aboard;' now and again I would hear the clatter ofa fall forwards, but at comfortably long intervals. I sat against. the dresser with my back upon it, and being dead tiredn must have dropped asleep on It sudden- indeed, before I hand lalf smoked my pipe out, and I do not believe I. gave a thought to my situation before I sluinbored, .so wearied was. I. The cold awoke me. The ie fire was out and so was the . candle in ll the. hanthori,. and I ~vas in coffin darkness. This the tinder-box speediy remedied.., I looked at my watch-soven o clock, as I'was a sinner I so that my sleep had lasted bo tween:threo and four hours.,,.' : : -. I vwept on'dek and' found the night still. black uponl the sea, the "wind the same brisk gale that was.blowing ,when I quitted the helm, the sea.no hoavier, and the schooner tumbling in true Dutch fashion.upon .it. I looked very earnestly around but. could see no signs of, ioe. l Theore ould be daylight presently, so I went below, lighted the fire, ;and got my breakfast, and when I returned .the sun was up and the sea visibli to its' 'furthest reaches . ,:, It was afine wintry piece; the sea ,green and rsuming in ridges with frothing heads, th sky very al among the darksnow-.? lden. clouds; the sun diarting' it- ray, now and .again,. which awaas swung :into'.? thei inortl by the shadows of 'the :clodds, until= 'they extinguished it. Remote in the north-: :westhung.tho glean of an iceberg; therowas nothing eleo in sight. Yes-something that 'comforted nme exceedingly, though it was not very many days ago that a like object .had heavily soured mo-an albatross, a noble bird, sailing on the windward close enough to be shot. The sight of this living thing was inexpressibly cheering; it put into my head ' a fanoy of .ships being at hand; thoughts of help and of hunmn companions. In' truth, my uiagination was willing 'to accept it as the same bird that I had frightened away when in the boat, now re turned to silently, reproach me for my treat oent of it. Nlay, nmy lonely, eye, nmy sub duad uarid suffering. Ieart`miglht oven clltav witnessed the good angel:of my life in that solitary shapo of ocean. beauty . and have deemed that, thongh munson, it had. been with mn throughout, and was now toads visible tot my g lzo by .the light of 'hope that had brokei mto the tarkneass of nmy adventure. Well, supposing it so,. I should not have beoen the only nsan who over scared his good. sngel away and 'found it faithful . after. wards. ' . I unlashed the tiller. and.got the schooner before the wind and steered sunitil a little before noon, letting her drive dead before the sea, which carried her north-east.., Then securing, the helm amidships I rua for the quadrant andwhilstwaiting for thosun to show himself I observed that the vessel' held her self very steadily before the -wind, which sright have .been owing to heer high stern and great swell of her sides aned her round bottom ; butt be the cause what it might, she ranuas fairly with her hlclmannidships as if I had been at the .tiller to check .her, it most fortunate condition of my navigation, for it privileged me to get about other work, whilst, at the anto time, every hour was conveyingm o nearer to the track of ships and" ferth?er fromn the bitter regions of the south. I got an observation and made out that the vessel lhad driven aboutflfteenl ]eges during the night. She must do better thanl that, thoughlet I; and when I lhad Caten some dinner I tooksa chopper, and going go to the foreenstle, .hlay out upon. the bowsprit, and after beating the spritsailyard block clear of the ice, cut awsay- the geaskets that confined. the sieil to the yard, Ieartily .beating the: cavhis, that vwae liur iren,:til a cl w of it fell. I then canto in and braced', the yard squire; and the'wind, lresently-,catchling'th exposed part of the sail, bloMws,nlor of it opt,:. and yet more, until there was'o sairfaco sl?o?-. eing ; then to a' sudden.shard 'blast of wind the. whole sail flow open. with ia mighty , crackling, as though indeed it was formed of ice ; but to 'render it useful I had to hual the sheots aft, which I could not manage without. the help of the tackles we had usedl in slinging ,the powder overthe saideo; so that, what with one hindrance amd another, the soetting that sail took me an liour and a half. Buthad it occupied me aliduy it would have been worth doing.: Trifling is it was as a cloth, its effect opon the soclooner ws . like that of a cordial upon Iu fainting man. It was not that she semsibly showed nimbler heels to its:; its 'lifting tendency enabledl her to rlde the. under-running seas more buoyantly, and if it increased her speed by ailt a knot an hocIu it was worth it million to tme, whose business it was, to take the utmnost possible advantage of the southerly gale. . I returned' to tlo' helm, vanr;nwith the exereiso, and gazed forward not a little proud' of smy work. ThIougl the shil was eight-aund forty years old and perhaps older, it offered us tough and stout it surface to the wind as if it was fresh firon the sailmaker's hands, so groeat are the preserving qualities of ice. I looked wistfully at the topsail, but on reflect ing that if it shtould comu on to blow hiard enough to compel me to heave the brig to she woatld never hull with that canvas abroad, I' resolved to let it lie, for I could cut away the spritsail if the necessity arose and not greatly regret its loss; but to lose the topsail would be a serious matter, though if I did not cut it' adrift it might carry away the moast for meu; so, its I say, I would not meddle with it. Pinding'that the slip continued to steer herself very well, and the better for the sprit salil, I thought' I would get the body of the old lFreielunane overboard, and so obtain i e rclur hold for myself so far as corpses went. I carried thie hanthorn into the forecastle, but whoa I pulled the lhammock off hinm I con fees it wtst not wvithout a etupid feaour that I sholld tind himn alive. Recollection of his nustounding viity fosued somethling' isi ipecrishable hi that ungly allatoumy, and tiousghl he lay Iafore me as doad asnd cold ts stone, I yet hld a fancy that thie seeds of lifo werne still in hitl, that 'twas only the cusrrent of his 'boing tlhat hIad frozen, lthat if I woreo.to ; thanes hiinI afreselh ]ie ti;iglt recover, and that, : if Iburiedhihn I should uctually be depateh: inglhlit. '?Blt though these fancies possessed, they' did not control me. I took his watolh and.' whlatever eis he lhad iin tlut way, carried hiin on deck aund dropped him over the side, usiieg is little ceremonu y as hle had employcil hi.the disposal of hils hipmates, but affected by very ditflt'erent emotions; for there 'as notL oely tie idea that tihe vitel spark was still in hite; I could not but lhandle with iawe the most mysterious corpse the eye Ishad over viewed, ose whlo hld leved through a stupor or deoth-elcep for cight-snsd-forty years, iu wvlhon in afoew hlolne 'This lehad comspressed thle wizardry hI stretches in others over hIalf a century; who in a nighlt Ihad Nhrunk frost the aspl;ectt of his lprimlse into the lean, lpukered, blear-eyeel, deaf, snsd tottering ox presion sof a lhundred yeeare. let inos le he was gouce ! The bubbles whlichl 'oso to the plhtlsge of Iis Iboely were hisl epitaphl; blad tlhey risens blood-red thev wousld hlave better symbollisCd hIis life. Thie ailbatross stoopcd to the eliot whlere hle had vsanishedl with a. lourseo salt creanlt like the lusghl of I delirioes 'seoseans, sued thet' wind, fre'lheninsg imolneultltrily int a ?squall, smide ono think of the s~pirit of NaSture as eager to puirify tile eir of hecsav'el front tleu tinst of the deadlc lirte's passag'eiO froe thie blhlwart s to tieh water's ?sufseeatc. All thait dy and through t hru e nie iglht tlhet followed, the schoeoner drove, rolling riend plunging before thie ecs, into tlu norlhi-cast, to thie pulling of lthe sprit aeil. I nsdelo overal oexcursious intlo thie forteh]ld, but neuver could hear the sound of wateolr in the vessel. Iecrsidelsin plc were *Publlahsd by spclal sranegemnent withtheatihor, staill heathel'in ice, but this crystal arlour was gradually dropping off her to the wirk uing of her frame ti the seas, so that, since she was proving herself tight, it was cer t:rin her stumchness owed( nothing to the glassy plating. I had seen some strange craft ill my day, but nothing to beat the appearu's this old tub of ia hooker sub imitted to my gaze as I viewed her from the helmhn. H[ow so uncouth a structure, with her tall stern, ilasring bows, fat buttoeks, sloping masti, forecastlo well, and massive head-timbers ever managed to pursue and overhaul i chose was only to be unriddled by sup ooing all that she took to be more un wieldy and clhusy than herself. What wouli a pirate of these d?iys, in his clean lined polaeca or arrowy schooner, have thought of such an instrument as this for the practice of his pretty trade ? The ice aloft still held for her spars and rigging the reoemhlanc of glass, and to every sunbeam that flashed upon her from between the oweeping clouds she would sparkle out into muany-coloured twinklings, marvellously delicate in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over in a breath through the swiftness of the reeling of the spars. I should but fatigue you to follow the several little stories of these hours one by one; how I got mly food, snatched at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea-line and the like. Just before sundown I saw a large iceberg in the north, two leagues.dis tait ; no others were in sight, but one was enough to make me uneasy, and I spent a very troubled night, repeatedly coniung on desk to look about me. The eehsooner steered herself as if a man stood at the helm. The spritsail further helped her in this, for, if tihe curl of a sea under her forefoot brought her to larboard or starboard, the stil forced her back again. Still, it was ia very sur prising happy quality in her, the next best thin- to my lhaviug a shipmate, and a wonierful relief to me, who must otherwise have brought her to, under a lashed helm, every time I had occasion to leave the deck. Thie seaworthiness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assuranceo of presently falling in with a ship, rendered me no far easy in rmy mind as to enable ome to think very freluently of the treasure and how I was to secure it. If I fell in with an enemy's cruiser or a privateer I must expect to be stripped. This would be the fortuno of war, and I must take nmy chance. M Iy concern did not lie that way ; how was I to protect this property, that was justly milne, against . my own .countrymen, suppose I . had the good fortuno to carry the schooner safely into English waters P I had it brother-in law, Jeremiah Mason, Esq., a Turkey mer- Schant in a. small way of business, whosoe office was in the city of London, and, if I could manage to convoy the treasure secretly to him, he would, I 'know," find me a hand some account "in his settlement of this trtfair. .But it was impossible to strike out a plan. I must wait and attend the eonrso of events. Yet riches being things which fever the coldest imaginations, I could not look ahead 'without excitement and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it' a hard fate indeed after my cruel -experiences,' my freeing the vessel from the ice, my sailing her througha some thousand of miles of perilous seans, and arriving finally in safety, to be dispossessed of what was strictly mine' -as much mine as if I had fished it up from the bottom of the sea, where it must other wise have lain till the crack of doom. I remember that, armong other ideas, it entered my head to toll the master of the first ship I metif she were British, the whole story of my adventure, to acquaint him with the treasure, to offer to tranship it and .myself to his vessel and . abandon tile schooner, and propose a handsome reward for his offices. But I could not bring my mind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. -The mere circumstances of the treasuronot being mine, in the sense of. myi having earned it, of its being piratical plunder,. and as much one's as another's, might dull the edge oven of. a fair-dealing conscience and expose me to the machinations of a heavily tempted mind. Therefore, though I had no plan, I -was resolved at all hazards to stickto the schooner, and, with a view to providing against tihe curiosity or rummaging of any person who should come aboard I fell to the following work after getting my breakfast.. I hung lanthorns in tie runn and hatchways and, cabin'to enable me -to pass easily to and fro; I then' emptied, one df the chests in my. cabin and carried 't 'to where the treasure was. '?The ochest I filled nearly three- parts full with -.: money, joesfdllery, etc., Which sank the S contents of the other chests to the depth I vwanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms,- such as pistols and hangers and cutlasses, and tilled up thochests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over tire money and joewellery, that no glitter might show through. To improve tine deception I bromght another chest to the run, rind wholly filled with cutlasses, powrder-horns, , pistols, and thelike, and so fixed it that it must be tioe first to come to hand. My sunning nmounted to this: that, suppose tie run to be rumnnuged, the contents of the first chest were sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was as -likely as not that the rummagers would be satisfied they were arms-chests, and quit meddling with them* - Heir now might I iidulge in ra string of reflections on the troubles and anxieties which money brings, quote from Juvenal and other by a contemptuous exhibition of myself, a lonely sailor,. lsbouring to conceal his gold from imaginary knaves, toiling in' the dark lepth of the vessel, and never heeding that,' yen whilst he so worked, his ship might split ,r.onsome half-tide rook of ice, and fomnder tth him and his treasure too, and so on, and ton. But the fact is I was not a fool. tore owas money enough to set me up as a Ano gentleman for lfe,. and I meant to save it and keep it too, if I could. A nma on his deathbed, a mua in such peril that his end is certain, can afford to be sentimen tal. He is going where money is dross 'in -deed, and he is in it posture when to moraliso upon human greed rind the vanity of wishes : nd riches becomes him. But would not a man whose healthis hearty, utnd who hopes to save his life, be worse off than a sheep in the matter of brains not to keep a firm grip of Fortuneo's hand when she extended it? I ' ksow I was very well pleased with my \- morning's work when I hal necomplished it, :.and hadno mind to qualify my setisfotion h . by melancholy and romantio musings on my condition and iunccrtrnty of the future. This wsr .. possibly owing to tire finonesr of the S weather; a he:rvy black gale from tire north S would doubtless ihave given a very different : turn to my hrmourst. \- T: he wind at daunil liad weakened and come i into the west. Tlhere was a shtrong swell indeed there always is in this ocean-but tihe seas ran small. IThe sky looked like marble, writh its broad spreadilngs of high nwhite clouds and tile veins of blue sky between. I wiised to make all the northing that was possible, but there was nothing to be done in that way with the spritrsail alone. ud not thie capstan been frozenr I shorld have tried to get thie mainsail porn thire ship, hut withont the raid of machinery I wis heldless. So, with helm amidships, thie schooner drove languil y along with hlier lhead due east, lifting as ponderously ra a line-of-battlp ship to tile floating iunluhes of tlie hligh swel, and the albatross hung ars steadflastly ill the wake of my lonely ocean p:lrth as though it had been some mressenger sent by God to watch me into safety. OCurtEn XXVII.-I EcousTErn A Wr?acn. I hIad.been six days and nights at sea, and the mornlintlg of the severnth daiy had come. With the exception of one dary of strnlg south-westerly cwinds, whieIl rain mer some thing to thie niorthwards, the weathier had been fine, bitterly cold indeed, but bright and clenr. In this time I had run a distance of abeout six hundred and fifty tniles to tihe east, iand wvith no other cloths upon tihe schooner than hier spritsail. I confess, as the hours passed arway and nothinghove into view, I grow dispirited alnd reatices: but, on thie other lliand, I \was cornl forted by thire bright weathrer and tihe favourrble winds, and particularly by thie vessel's steering herself, which Lenabled mo to get rest, to keep myself warm with thie fire, iudto drcss amy feeood, yet over pushing on wards (however slowly) into the navigated regions of this sea. On the morning of the seventh day I came on deck, having slept since four o'clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about west by south; the movement in the sea was from the south, and rolled very grandly; there was a fog that way, too, that hid the horizon, bringing the ocean-line to within a league of the schooner; but the other quarters swept in a dark, clear, blue line against the sky, and there was such a clarity of atmosphere as made the distances appear infinite. I went below andlightedtheflreandgot my breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down and smoked a pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had no mml to leave the fire, and, as all was well, I lounged through the best part of two hours in the cook-house, when, thinking it was now time to take another survey of the scene, I went on deck. On looking over the larboard bulwark rail, the first thing I slaw was at ship, about two niles oll. She was on the larboard tack, under courses, topsail, and tmain-topgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunlhine made her canvas look as white as snow gainist the skirts of the body of vnpour that had troiled a little to leeward of her, and her black hull flushed ias though she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wet to the northern glory out of the hollow of the swell with a curlof silver at her cut water. ,ly heart came into my throat; I seemed not to breathe; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazeds ,and transported was I by this unexpected apparl tion. I stared like one in a dream, and my head felt is if all the blood in imy body had surged into it. But then, all on a sudden, there happened a revulsion of feeling. SIp pose she should prove a privateer-a French war- vessel---of it nadtia hostile to ilsy own ? Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in a fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes; and I stood 't the bulwarks gaming and gazing as if she were the spectre ship of the Scindinaviant legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress; but to whatt purpose! If the apnearance of the schooner did not sufficiently ilustrsteto her condition, there was certainly no virtue in the language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own tute assurance. I.watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to me, at all events to draw. close and look at me, wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made ns both dance, and the blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other middling fast, site travelling at seven and I at four miles in the hour,'and presently I could see that she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over her topgallant rigging for the look-out to stand n. i On being convinced of this, I ran below for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, 'Iujmping on to the bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for some minutes to let them know that thero was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden her way, that I might swim close, and as we, approached each other I observed a- roewd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft, all staring intently. A man scrambled on the rail, and with an arm clasping a backstay, hailed me: ) ' Schooner siloy ' he bawled, with a strong nasal twang inhis cry. ' What ship's that?' SThe Boca del Dragon,' I shouted back. 'Wher are you? fromnt, and where are you bound to ?' ' I have been looked up in the ice,' I cried, ' and am in want of help. What ship are youe' ' TlThe Susan Tucker, whaler, of Nsow Bedford, twenty-soven months out,' he returned. ' leroe in creation got you that hooker ' - 'I'm the only'mantaboard,' I cried, ' and have no btat. Send to me, in the name of God, and let the master come t' t • He waved his hand, bawling, ' Put your h~lm down-you're forging ahl'ead I nd.so saying,-dismounted.. . "- ' \- . inmediately oast the tiller adrift, put it tl-rdover, and sucuredit, tthen: jumpedon to the btulwarks again to watch them. Sie was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather met my own countrymen; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt 'to have been alone throughout my adventure; tnd so sore was the effect of that solitudo uspon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, and since haInd held commune with my own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every litnb. Life must have been precious always; but never before had it appeared so precious as now, whilst I gazed at that homely ship, with her main topeail to the mast,- swinging stately upon the swell,.tshe faces of the seamen plun, the smoke of her galley-fire breaking from tie chimney, the sounds of reaking blocks and groaninug parrels stealing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being was flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all tlhe men of the wluler to share in it with me. They stared fixedly; little wonder that they should be astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited. Onoof the several boats which hung at her davits waits lowered, the oars flashed, and presently she was near enough to be hit with a bisotit; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, whid was steering, sung out, ''Vast rowing!' the boat came to a stand, and her people to a mani stared at me with tlheir chins urpon their shoulders as if I had been ta fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superatitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they viewed me. They looked a queer company; two were negroes, thlothlerspanl faced beardedmesn, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. Tho fellow who steered htd a face as long as a wet harmnock, and it was lengthened yet to the oyd by ai beard like a goats hanging at the extremity of his chin. loe stood ip-a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasses--ind hailed me afresh, but the high swell, regular as the swing of ' pendulum, interposed its brow betwee hIim and me, so that at one momnent he was a sharply-lined fglire against tihe sky of the horizon, and the noxt he and his boat and crew were sliheer gone out of sight, aud this made an exehange of sentences slow and troublesome. * Say, master,' le sung out, s what d'ye say the schooner's name isl' ' The soca delDragon,' I replied. ' And who aire out, matey?' ' As E.nglishl satilor lwho has been cast away on an sland of ice,' I answered, tsdkitg very slhotly that the replies might follow tile questions before tite swell sanik Ilim. SAy, n y,' says ie, t that's very well; but sc/ci was you cast away, bully P' I gave hit thie date. SThat's nota mronth ago,' cried he. ' It's long enough, whlatever the titne,' said IIHero the crew fell ta.lking, turning from one another to stare at me, and the negroes' oyesshowed as big as sancers in the dismay of tlheir regard. SSee, here, master,' sung out the long man, 'if you hun't beeon cast away more than a month, how comeyou clothed as men went dressed a centulry sit,' hlev' The reasons of their ;nisgivings flashcd upon ime. It was'not sIt nsmlch tile seleooier is my aIppearanUe. The truth was, slly clothes hutving boin wetted, I hIad ever since been wearing such thick garmenti as I met withll in thie cabin. keepilng my legs warm with jackboots, sand I lhad beet so used to the garb that I forgot I had it ou. You will judge, thcen, that I tmusit have presented a figuro very nicely cal:tuluted to excite the swonder and apprehlusion of a body of tmen whlose super stitious instincts were arheady sufliciently fluttered by the pplearance of the uohoonor, lwhen I tell you that, in addieton to the jack boots and a great fur cap, my costmuno was formed of a red plush wait.oat laced with silver, purple breeches, a coat of friecz with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taken from tie body of IMendoza. 'Captain,' cried I, 'if so be you aro the captain, in the name of God and humanity come aboard, sir.' Here I had to wait till he reappeared. 'M3y story is an ext'a ordinary one. You lhave nolrhmg to fear. I nin a plain E~lglish sailor; my ship was the Lauglhing Mary, bound in ballast from Callao to the Cape.' Here I had to wait again. ' Prnty, sir, come aboard. There is nothing to fear. I ans alone-in grievous distress, and in want of help. Pray come, sir !' There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, ibut lie addressed them peremptorily. I heard him damn them for a set ot curs, and tell them that ifthey put him aboard they cmight lie off till lie was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swin ; and presently they buckled to their oars again and the boat came along side. the long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains, and stopped on deck. I ran up to him nud seized his hand with both mine. ' Sir,' cried I, speaking with difmiculty-, so Qreat was the tumult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, ' I thank you athousaindtimes over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined. I am not astonished that you shouldlkave been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by tihe figure 1 make in these clothes, but sir, you will be much more amazed when you have heard my story.' He eyed me steadfastly, examining me very earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glance around him before he made any reply to my addtess. Ho had the gauntness, sallownsess of complexion, and deliberateness of manner peculiar to the people of Now England. And though he was a very ugly, lank, umcouth man, I protest lie was as fair in my sight as if he had been the am brosial angel described by.iilton. ' Well, cook smy gizzard,"ho exclaimed presently, through his nose, anddafteranother good look at ime and along the decks and up aloft, ' if this ain't nmi-raculous, tow. Durnedl if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to lit her age: Y' are all alone, air you l' A l alone,' said I. ' Broach me every barrel aboard if over I see sich a vessel,' he cried, his ustonisluneut rising with ise searching glances he directed aloft and alow. 'i How old bo lshe Y ' She was cast away in seventeen hundred and tlifty-throee,' said I. 'Vell, I'm durned. She's froze, hard, sirreo ; I reckon she'll want it hot suiz to thaw her. Split nis mister, if she ain't worth sailing home as a show-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, where we could sit warmn whilst I related my story, and I asked him to invit9 his boat's croew into the cabin that I might regale them with a bowl of such liquor as I ventured to say had never passed.their lips in this life. On this he went to tko side, and, hailing'tli men, ordered all but one to step aboard aid drink to the health of the slonesome sailor they had come across. The word ' drink' nacted like a charm; they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tumbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. They fell together in a body, and surveyed ime and the ship with a hundred marks of astonishnment. ' y lads' said I, ' my rig isa strange one, but I'll explain all shortly..Tho clothes I was cast away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm not spectre, but as real as yo; though I have gone through so much that, if I am not a glost, it is no fault of old ocean, but owing to tie mercy of God. My namois Paul Rodney,. and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man, ' are,. I presumet.the master of the S&wan; Tuckerl ' ' At your survice-Josiah Tucker is my name, and that ship is my wife Susan. ' Captain Tucker, and you, mnen, will you please stop below, says I. The iweather promises fair; I have much to tell, and there is that in the cabin which will give you patience to hear me.' I descended the companion- stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that. haid been so long silent, ring with their heavy tread, whilst from time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of them. But super.. station lay strong uion theirimanisiations and they were awed and quiet. 'lhe daylight came down tholatch, but for all that the cabin was darksome. I waited till the last man had entered, and then said, ' Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like" to show you this ship. It'll save me a deal of descrip tion and explanation if you will be pleased to take a view.' ' Lead on, mister,' said lie;" but we shall have to snap our eyelidss and raise fire in that way, for darned if I, for one, can sco in the dark.' I fetched three or four lanthorns, and lighting the candles, distributed them among the men, and then, in. a procession, headed by the captain and me, we made the rounds. I had half-cleared the arms-room, but there were weapons enough left, asd they stared t them like yokels in a boothl. I showed them the cook-house and the, forecastle, where the deck wai still littered witl clothes, and chests, and hamnmocks; and, after carry ing them aft to the cabins, gnave them a isirht of the hold. Isnever saw men -more amazed. They filled the vessel with their. exclamn tions. Thoy never. offered to touch any thing, being' too much awed,' but stopped about with their heads uncovered, s quietly itas they cotld, as though they had been in a crypt, and the influence of strango and terrifying memoorials was upot tl?en.' I also showel'them the clothes I had comoe way front the Laughing3Mary in ; and, that I might submit such an aspoct to them as should touch their synmpathies, I ivuhipped off the cloak acidputon mny own pilot-cloth coat. There being noticing more to see; I led themto the cook- rooms, and there brewed a g'reat hearty bowl of brantdy'puneh,whieh I enasoned with lemon, sugar; and spiees; into as relishable a draught as my knowledge - in thait way cotsd compass, an, giving every man ta pannikin, baeo ldm dip asud welcome, myself firt drinking to them with a' brief speclh, yet not so brief but that I broke downt towards the close of it, and ended with a dry sob or two. They would have been uniworthy their country acid their clling not to hIsvo been touched by my natural mnmifestattion of emotion; besides, the brandy was an incom parably fine spirit, and the very perfume 'of the steaming bowl was sufficient to stimulate the kinldiy qualities of sailors who had, blien locked ap for months in a greasy old ship, with no diviner smells about titan the stink of the try-works. Tle captainm, standing up, called uipon hIis men to drink to me, prosalesig me tihat he lwas very glad to have fallen is with my schlooner, and then,, looking at tie others, made a sign, wheroeupon tlhey all fixed their eyes upon mo and drank as otne man, everyone emptyilg his pot and inverting it as a proof, and fetching a rousing sigh of satisfaction. Mr. FredericksHeatler, Inspector of Windsor Ptataea at £i00 a year, die at Ventnor on 30th btntlassryunged fifty. wans much respected ,by the Queen. The Tnatvasld Chamlher of Mines recoils last yelar' gold out lmnt a231,000oz, In Decombor fboyield is wais Ihes,148oz. There wereo 897,225 visitors to South Konsihlg tos MIlussun, London, lint year, 