The IN TUB Ciiti-I.r.. SIIK wont in beauty In the play, Ami sit in languor rich ami rare, To pass I.he weary time away Hy favouring with her haughty stare The circle folks assembled there. Reside her chair a dudulet sat, About, six stone I ivo pounds lie weighed, Was of the style they call " pet cat," And very manifestly stayed — That day for seats iie had prepaid. We smiled to note amongst the lace That shrouded round the haughty fair A ticket marked " KNGAGR1) " found place, Jt having slipped from nil her chair 'J'o slyly ir.ock the swagger pair. "JVas good her look of liigh class scorn For dude and all the rest to see. They, prolnbly. were lowly born, Whilst she WJS one of high degree — Her father was al'.M.G. And when from out the house the crowd Of pleasure-loving people waged, Not one forbore to laugh aloud. At home the beauty wildly raged, For 011 her hustle firmly stuped She found the legend large,"" KXfJAGKU.'i "THE HIM.I.S OF HASLKMEUE " still tinkle in file hearing of numerous people of all sorts and conditions, and the scenery which lucks them up is much admired. Mr. Buckiaw, too, has gained everybody's good opinion, and MissCowper pleases all except the envious. The other people fit into their places with much aflomh (French), and the not very original story of young Mr. Reresford's troubles and triumphs is so worked out as to seem fresh and interesting. 1/ the gentlemen who wrote this play had known that it was going to he performed outside of ignorant London, perhaps they would have omitted so shameless " a crib " as that speech delivered in the forge, and designed to throw the detective off the track of the hero. Or perhaps they may not know that one Goldsmith put almost similar words into the mouth of Tony Lumpkin when that nice youth sought to send Mr. iMarlow on a wildgoose chase However, the " Hells of Haslemerc " is not a had sort of piece on the whole, a-'d when the good old " Silver Kin« " crowds it oil' the stage it Will be looked back upon as a pronounced success. AT the Opera House the Rilhons continue tc hurtle in space, and Moultou and Dashway revolve on their axis with undiminished vigour, whilst the Stirks, gaily caparisoned, prance out with many a flirt and flutter, aDd quell the high spirit of th a iron horse, till that instrument of destruction and guide to the hospital becomes as easy to handle as the centenarian equine that has officiated in a nearse for eighty years. Our personal experience of the bicjcle teaches ns that it is not an implement upon which it is convenient to support a large family, it being Mighty and averse to disciplineas a matter of fact we ould not support ourselves on the errat : c machine, and . were continually gettiug off on our nose to see what hit us—which makes our reverence and admiration for the Stirks very tine and large when we see how they have quelled the contrivance, and succeeded in introducing a tame bicycle into contemporaneous history. J he Dales are very funny when they come out in ffilliamstown slacks, and'relieve themselves of a lot of tlumb idiocv ; and Warner is hereby advised to give bis cork arm a rest-not that it lau't smart, but, oh ! we've had so much of it. If he'd only ring in a cork leg for a chan"e how nice it would be ! ° ' YET another version of that lachrymous disaster, " List Lynne," compiled and constructed this time by Alfred Dampier, and licensed hy the Lord Chamberlain, has been rung in on the Melbourne playgoer, aud let loose to flood the amphitheatre with tears aad fill the gallery with woe and suppressed bitterness, whilst the circle gnashes its teeth m a mullled strain and empties its feeling into six by six handkerchiefs, and the door-keeper steals away occasionally to drain the tears out of his boots into the street channel " Kast. Lvnue " occupies a unique position amongst dramas', it is the idyl of snullle, and its devotees repair to the shrine to make their boiled ollering of weeps, and olobny sobs, and choked wailing, as a sort of penance for their own happiness. It is a touching play-It has touched the public far more than any other modern production. Nobody is mad enough to go to "Last Lynne" with the expectation of enjoying his or herself. It is not fun in the mildest sense to lean up against .1 handkerchief and leak for three hours at a stretch. The morbid fascination tint attracts the ladies is the same as that which leads them to display such deep interest in funerals and marriages-a sort of corrupt yearning for horrors and misfortunes—and t he men go—well, just to see how they can staud it. Mr. Danipier's version is, perhaps, a trillc less lugubrious than earlier ventures here, hut still a great dampness pervades the theatre, and the hoarse and harassing cough denoting agitation hard held rushes madly round the house, driving the reasoning auditor to frenzy and despair. \\\ e always thought the Lady Isabel was a bit of a uiauk, aud over- precipitate in deserting her lawful wedded spouse, and flying from connubial control. Mr. Ddtnpier's dramatisation oonli'iiis thai suspicion. In this play on'y the meagreist reasons are given wily that aristocratic female should pack her bundle aud skip by the light of the moon, and the alacrity with which she elopes teuds to unreasoning veloeifcy. The characters of Lady Isabel Carly'e and Madame Vine are given over to the tender care of Miss Lily Dampier, and, though her representations are uneven, the work is fairly meritorious throughout, and ut times is really clever. The language employed in speaking to the dying child is absurd ; no mother would use such grandiloquent phraseology under the circumstances. Hut that, of course, is not the fault of the actress. Mies Julia Mertou, as the aggressive Miss Cornelia, gives us a large, domineering female of ancieut tastes ill dress, but ctn hardly be said to have secured a strong "holt" on the only original. Mr. Roothmaii makes a rather monotonous aud subdued Archibald Carlyle, and does not seem to understand that something more than a mere fleeting, facial contortion is necessary to pourtray* deep feeling. Mr. Halter is successful in spots as that bold, bad person, Capt. F. Lcvison. Mr. Stoneham figures creditably as the choleric Justice Har', but doctors up the face of that prominent legal individual as if he had recently appeared as chief li igant in a prize fight. As Lawyer Dill, Mr. Joe Stark quite fills the bill, and Mr. J. Martin's Policeman G "J7 ii a creditable piece of work. Mr. W. Wynne essays the part of Richard Hare, aBd looks - especially when he comes on in his a'ore clothes—as if he'd be much more comfortable in a fever hospital. The rest are so-so, but not more so-so than ordinarily so. Or all the crimes that mortal ll-sli is either heir to or possessed of in its own right, surely ingratitude is the blackest and basest. When Mr. J. P. Burnett ctme amongst us a strauger we gave him, as a stranger, welcome. When he returned like a tweed-clad Ulysses after his wanderings, we welcomed him again, ami what return does he make to us for our kindly reception of him, and our genuine and enthusiastic admiration of his talented little wife ? He—oh ! the pity of it—he inflicts on us that terrible " Grasshopper" again. And there is no law in the land to punish him. It is the lot of regular playgoers to see many very good p'ays, and to sufi'er some bad ones, but until a man has seen " The Grasshopper " he doesn't know how miserably poor a play can be and live. We knowthat Mr. Hurnett has poiverfl of dramatic composition, for his version of " lileak House" is a good one, and it is well knowu that it requires special skill to dramatise any work of Dickens', but this stage version of " The < J rasshopper " is a miserably feeble eQ'ort. It is the production that one might '• THE <:ji.4 SS nop PER." have expected from a callous schoolboy impressed with the idea that a villainous pun was the acme of wit. The dialogue is full of puns, mostly of thai dreary order that give the hearer a double sorrow, a feeling of poignant anguish at the pun itself, and a pitying contempt for the perpetrator of it. The author seems to think that there is in puuning a cleverness that should lift a man who fools with them to the heights of fame. But the wordtorturer " Who. greater tliau Nimrod. thiuks to ri6e I'.y nonsense heaped on nonseuse to the skies," makes a terrible mistake. When these weak efforts ate wedded to a rubbishy plot, the issue can only he of that monstrous kind less suited to the modern stage than to the spirits of wine of the chemist's window. In farcical comedy the public is not so disposed to be over cri'ical. " \ c don't liexpec hacting, and ve don't mind ycr grammar," shouted the historical gallery boy ; " but dang it all, ye might jine up ycr flats " The publie does not expect a brilliant plot, but, hang it all! they cxpect something more than the weak farrago of rubbish which is served up to tliein under the title of "The Grasshopper." ]f the puns were all cut out and three acts excised, Mr. HurnoU's play would command our complete admiration. As it is, we will not condemn, we will only pity the misguided dramatist, trust that it is his first otlence, aud hope that he will sin no more. Of the acting, we have nothing to speak hut in 31B. WAI.TOX. praise. There is only one character in the piecc worth mentioning—(hat of the Grasshopper—who is made to behave like an idiot, play pranks, drink wine, iiml in tint brilliant language of the author. " get muzzy." Jliss Jennie Lee is just as nimble as the lively insect irom which the character takes its name. She acts, dances and sings with a lightness and energy surprising in a little lady who—well, not to put torline a point on it is not qu te a skeleton. Of course her songs and dauces are encored, and equally, of course, the causes endless laughter and amusement. As a contrast to the pathetic representation of "Jo," the part of the Grasshopper may fulfil its purpose in demonstrating Miss Lee's versatility. It is to be regretted, however, that the resources of the stage did uot permit of something newer and belter. THE usual funereil, church-yard gloom of the Hibernian Hall has been intensified of late, and the frequeuters of that vault-like structure have been oppressed with a sense of mystery and intangible tilings floating round loose in the dim religions light, in consequence of the ghosts, aud visions, and spectres, and things, owned and controlled by virtue of a copyright by that enterprising spirit merchant, D'Arcy Keid, having taken possession of the mausoleum and announced themselves to appear nightly till fuither orders for the entertainment of all who take an interest iu disembodied things. When we entered a sense of clammy grief and weird awfuluess bung suspended in the black atmosphere, a number of versatile ghosts in an advanced state of mental decay, and diverse festive spirits of dead grandfathers and by-gone policemen, were cavorting on the stage iu a distressing endeavour to be ridiculous, whilst a clump of people sat in front on some chairs, and seemcd'to feel their position keenly, judging by the oppressive stillness they maintained, and the S'ze they sighed when a comic spectre strung up a joke which was young with the first Pharoali. Comic ghosts are not a success. The ghost is not naturally of a hum-jrous turn—he lias cold feet, and a weight on his chest that won"t let him rest in the grave where a JJiiton has laid him, and he cannot possib'y remember a joke, because jokes are immortal—they never die. D'Arcy Head's goblins aud things are an excellent spectacular display in their way, but they fail to fire the bosom of an audience or make a humourist get up and yell. We canuot treat a spectre with levity—we may be a spectre ourselves some day. Then how would we like it 1 THE Lynch Family Bellringers as usual attracted a crowded house at the Athenajum Hall, and a very enjoyable programme was faithfully carried out The campanologians fairly eclipsed themselves, and were warmly applauded for the marvellous dexterity with which they manipulated the bells. Mr. W. \Y. Lvneh with his " Hong Klongs" was vociferously recalled, and a similar fate awaited Mr. Harry Lynch for his performance on the " musical glasses." A very pleasing item in the programme was the first appearance in Melbourne of a New Zealand soprano, Miss H. 10. Randell, who took the house hy storm, aud wis lou ly and deservedly applauded. " Tell me iny heart,' by Bishop, and "Why must we say good-bye?' by Kdith Cooke, were real gems, and were immensely appreciated by the audience Mr. Kdwin Smith, the harpist, sustained the good opinion already formed of him, and was encored for each piece be gave. I'lie humourist of the company, Mr. J. C. Parlatto, in his various impersonations caused roars of laughter aud from first to last " was as funny as they make them." Some fine songs were rendered by Mr. Percy Hrowue, whose grand baritone voice was heard to great advantage, and some excellent pianoforte recitals were given by Prof. C. lleidle aud Mr. Henry Ritter. Altogeiicr a really excellent programme met with the hearty approbation of a crowded and fashionable audience, " THE PALAOK OF AWSKMENT " has done good business during the week. Amongst the new arrivals are visa Beatrice James and Jajk Lindsay (the latter did not |:et a prize at the gift distribution), leather an amusing allair occurred the other evening, when an admiring little crowd of people gathered around a couple of the uniformed ushers attached to the establishment aud eyed them from top to foe. It was some time, however, before the people found out their mistake, but they were eventually persuaded that the monkey hoys were on the raised platform and not taking tickets at the door, ".lames Herbert, the Darke Gardner, is hup in the chaml " horrors !" At leabt, so we were told by onef i"' civil and obliging uniformed and ,,,,;„/ "e ; attendants. "Hup'' we went accord™/,? ! pecting possibly to see a Chinese veL u' < hawker, warbling iu a wheel-biri-tone \yj, 8 • disappointed, for they give a very' D^'UH, 6 conccrt, first part and all ; and if ' le Rogers would "only have that giggle"of""- 1 photographed and distribute copies freenrof all for nothing it would heighten tlie gencrsl | cfleet. The Indian Queens and the linnry hmTj ' old iron-grey bearded individual who sits siLiu 1 staring at space are still on view. The L FLFIIS are as usual on the hop, Frank liciue of'S opiuiou that the— l e ' World is but a flea-ting ehotv For man's illusion given. ' " IN A Fut! " still holds out at St. George's Uali though the sooner it clears up the better • it won't I be much mist. Paddy Murphy gives a particular] good account of himself as the young bachelor &Z; 1 Harry R, ckards squeezes all that is to ho EH, out of Livender. Fred Davys is a harsh country gentleman, while the Misses Murphy ay I Delroy make the very most of a very little Th i part two Jimmy Bell Bcores with both hones atidf banjo and might have made a big hit over lii.l recent policeman adventure, only hedidu'tthink oil it. The Murphys bring sumething fresh out of their 1 trunk at the Ballarat Star, and the always I ? Delroy revels in a song and dance. I he Marionette! worked by Miss Georgie Devoe and Fred Davys! (for which, by-the-way, the latter conies out audf takes the call alone, thus scooping up Georgian share of the applause), follow. Sullivan audSikecJ jump in and out of innumerable suits of clothes inl less than no time. Harry ltiekards sings several! fresh songs, the musical brothers Lopez preparer the way for Jimmy Bell's farce, and the audieiitJ being unarmed none of the performers are Bhotl On Friday up goes the bill of the season, for Harryl Rickards' farewell benefit.' THE howling idiot was strongly represented i the gallery at the Victoria Hall on Saturday nightj and started to guy Johnson's ballad, hut its® promptly sat upon by those of the audience who] know a good song when they hear it. Wlieu tba Collingwood Flatite can't behave himself for a fem minutes it's just about' 1 time' we had him hundred fathoms deep." The smiling Hicks ii back iu the centre, and his black and whin minstrels give o very good show. Johnny 'jihuorej George Jones, the Leslies and Mi6s Alice Davenl port (the top-booter), are added to what is alreadjf a very strong crowd. Ashton ought to 6ecora Colonel Barker's patronage on account of tb| finale, "The Salvation Army." What a crowd ij would draw I King, Johnson, Downes, Bruce an® Thomas lay in Bome good work, tlie Comioi Brothers repeat their well-known athletic yerl formances, and Johuny Gilmore's farce, "nil® Indians, ' finishes, sending the audieuce out mt^ Bourke-street with a wild war-hoop, vowing t scalp Johnny when next they find him. 