The Miner's Ghost. ' I saw a ghost,' said an old detective, who, with a cumber of the men on the night detail was sitting in the chiefs office waiting for ' something to tarn up.' ' Bet it was innocent If it had been the guilty party you'd never got an eye on it,' laughed one of the others, who made the 'old 'un ' the butt of bis .wit. The sally.was enjoyed by the party, but the gentle* man who ' had seen the ghost expressed his feelings only by a raeer. He was asked to tell how the appari tion happened under his observation, the reasons for its existence, whore it existed, and to relate whatever else 'lie knew about it that would be of interest to his auditors. ' You all remember the boarding-house on Com mercial-street kept by - Red Pat' Riley,' said the old detective, who was as ready to tell the story as his audience was to hear it. « Was that. ? r. Riley wko kept the hotel?' asked the youthful Vidocq, giving a three-carat imitation of the music of the once popular song. The glance that was darted at him would have pierced a vital spot in an ironclad, but it fell harm lessly on the irrepressible thief -chaser. 'In * Red Fat's ' boarding-house was seen the first ghost that ever made San Francisco its head-quarters,' said the Rtory- teller. ' In those days if ghosts had wanted jobs they could have had 'em by the score, as regiments o' men stepped briskly into town in. the morning and were carried to the Morgue early in the evening. ' Red Pat'e ' house was the rendezvous of the newcomers, and many a hard fight was fought there, and the light of many a man went out in the brawls that were of frequent occurrence.' ' ' Where did you read that?' asked the irrepres sible. ' Sounds like an extract from Dr. O'Donnell's speeches.' . 'One night a miner was killed in a room in the boarding-house,' continued the old man, who gave no sign of having heard the interruption. ' Be was found with a bowie-kn'fe in his breast. Everv cent, every grain of dust had been taken from him, and he lay so poor in clothes that the city buried him at a dead loss. It was the ghoBt of that miner I saw. The very next night after his murder the man who got the room aroused the house with his shrieks and was found in convulsions on the floor. When he recovered he told a story that raised the hair of his hearers. ' Red Pat* bad said nothing to him of the murder, and the man knew nothing of the circumstances. He told us he was awakened early in the morning by the sounds of talk ing, and sat up in bed. All was dark, and he thought the noise came from the next room. The truth came to him suddenly; the speaker was in the room with him, and he rnuld pee a shadowy outline in the almost iin p?netra' 1 - da kaess. The talking ceased and all was still for a while Then he heard the noise ot a struggle, a cry, and the sound of a fall. These proved too much for the man, and he lost consciousness. ' ' Red Pat' said he thought one of his rivals was putting up a job on him, and I was sent to investigate the erhoBt, 1 went to »h b tarding-house and asked if anyone had known the murdered man. A young fellow, strong, healthy and good-looking, said he had come from the mines with him, and thought he knew more about him than any one in the town -'- Would you know his ghost P* I aoked. ?'The young fellow blanched, and I thought he would fall, but he recovered his composure and said he thought he would it he saw it, but hoped it would never appear to him. Then I asked him if he would stay all night in the room with roe and help me on the case. He appeared disconcerted, but finally said he would, and about 10 o'clock he went to the chamber where th* miner was killed. We had some liquor with us, and My companion drank a pood deal of it In an hour he seemed so drunk that he was quite helpless, and fell forward on the table, where he went to sleep. I think X began to doze myself, for when I awoke some one was talking. The lamp gave oat a good light, but I could not see the person whose voice I heard. Then I looked toward the bed. Some one was lying on it, and I was almost piraiysed when I recognised the features of the murdered man. I pulled out my revolver and rapped with it on the table, but it did not attract the attention of the apparition on the bed. I shook my companion, but he was too drunk evidently to sit up. Pointing the gun at the figure on the bed, I was about to rise when he began speaking. He epokeof his fortunes at the mines; said something about there being enongh for both, and that, divided, the money would make them rich. Then he bade some one good night, and turned around as if to go to sleep. 'All this I saw as plainly as I see every man here, and only the time that has passed since that night has blotted out the exact words he used as he lay there. I again tried to arouse my companion, and at last he sat up. But he did not seem to see me; his eyes were fastened on the table and he seemed to be deep in thought. *- Suddenly the figure on the beet moved. It seemed engaged in a desperate straggle with something. The legs were drawn up and extended, and the clinched hands seemed to beat the air. Not 'a word was spokon ; the terrible conflict west on in silence. As if by a mighty effort,' the apparition got on its feet and t-n the floor, where the weird fight continued. The man eeemed to be in toe grasp of a strong, athletic foe, whose hands were on his -throat. From side to Bide the stragglers swayed; the fists of the apparition beat the air, but not a sound was heard of the blows; he clasped his arms about something and bent forward. Suddenly he gave a cry, staggered back and fell on the bed, with his hand on his side. The awful straggle was over and the murder had been done. ' I had been so fascinated with the horrid sight that I forgot the presence of my companion. The look of horror and fury on his face I shall never forget. 'Without appearing to'see me, he mows from the chair, walked over to the bed and shook the dead man. Then he unbuttoned his rest and put his hand in the pocket. He gave a scream and turned around. I stood behind him and my revolver covered him.' ?'? You murdered him,* I raid. He turned toward the body. There was nothing on the bed. It was as smooth and neat as when he came into the room. I took the young man away and he confessed the crime. That was the first and only ghost I ever saw.' ' 1 have seen that ghost fifty times,' said the young detective', 'at least I've heard yon tell the story as often as that. What became of the picture of Joe Munson, the murderer.'— & F. Chronicle. 