THE STORY-TELLER, j CHARLEY'S PIDDLE. | BY ROBEBT 0. MEYERS. (Weekly Budget.) It is no matter to what army, North or South, tho drum mor boy belonged. Young he was, bis fair skin tanned by the grim old suu, bis blue eyes shining out, like very forget-me-nots, in the dull, dark surroundings. They said of him in camp that he was a boy, and surely they treated him, in their rough way, like a child. Sunburnt men called him "Charley;" talked with him ; spoke of sceues far away, where those with whom these sun- burnt men loved more than anything else in the world lived ; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, loss unsophisticated compauions, for. somehow his young tace and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them confide ia him. . There was even a rnmonr that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own youug days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. Yon may, perhaps, say that there is no time, no place, for. sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced ia war. It is not so. , Around camp-fires in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly,! and dreary, aud full of dire warning,there are tales of love, and sorrow, aod loss, and hope remembered and told of listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death? delivering sound of cannon, or swift whistle of tho rifle-ball. Thus was Charley, the drummer-boy, a cyclopaedia of the gentle thoughts of the soldiers about him. : Ofton in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about tho camp, and the kindly stars were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there wauld come a little, wailing souud ou the bréese, and the listeuerers would stop in their game of cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, "That's Charley's fiddle!" And did any one take the trouble to look for the boy, he might be seen perched up on a ledge of rock, or sitting flat on the grouud, bis chin pressed down, and: his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out pf his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he remembered, and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly/- love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fearful mis- chance into camp. So, here amongst the 'purple shadows,, when the fire on the out- posts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped. Charley would play tunes of pBace and happiness, the same as miles away they were being played and suug by laughing, careless people in the crowded cities, filled with the rumour of war, not under- stood, but appreciated. But Charley had never been in an en- gagement as yet, and the men said, " Don't be so anxious, boy ; it'll all come soon enough !" And it did come soon euough for hun. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp life was jost the thing for him, only it was too monotonous. He also told the boys that his .annt was the only relative be had in the world, and that sue was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, au4 that she was " mortal angry with him " for going away from her-for, somehow or other, he guessed she " sort o' liked him." That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about " Aunt Teddy," and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her." "You don't know her," said Charley, f or yqu wouldn't make light of it. Why, she could take any bf you single-handed, and yqu'd never know what hurt yon.'\ And so he wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle ! Well, it seemed pirt of him. He loved it ! ' He loved the miserable little tunes he could play on it ; he loved to Bit down anywhere, and at any time, and strike up one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was ' a wonder how much endurance catgut his, not to thentiou human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though' it Vere a little child; ana his blue eyeô would flash as bis hands ; swept over the' strings.' And the time went on . and in the intervals bf Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up, ' The day came when there were prepar-; ations'for a battle going on: the enemy were surrounding them : and Charley was glad, but quiet. ' ' * ' ' 1 There" was less time for fhn in eamp now, and picket duty was hot sentimental any more-except that it was tragic. Two men had been picked of by scouts, and the grim faces bf thé boys looked death when¡they heardí 1 " Yot one pleasant, cool night, while' the long, wlilte utieets of the tamp glistened j iii tlie moonlight, \ul it vas not yet tim« for the uieu to tu^hi i"> Charley vms seen by Sandy Groeu busily writing a iel ter ou Iiis drum-head. ~J "For Auut Tedi Charley ?" nsked Sandy Greeu. A»'1 W*** uoauo ant* laughed. - ' V " Thou the old man stood there watchiug him for a long time. He saw the pleasaut, brown f ice, with the blue eyes bent over the writing-and he was a rough, very rough man, mind you!-a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoodsman, older than middle life too; and one to whom trouble was no account, because it must bo sur . mounted. And yet he stood hero, iu the early moonlight, watching the drummer boy writiug the letter to an old woman. \- Charley looked up when he had finished. " Ho, Sandy ! you there yet !" said he. Then he folded the letter and directed it " Sandy, I'll give it to you to see it posted for mo. Will you do it? You've got more chances than I have." * So Sandy took the letter, and said, as he turned to Charley : " Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrimmage to-morrow Y'' Tes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Creen to tell him all over again about the battles that had been fought before ; he listened, and was bright and chirpy over tho stories; and the older mau warmed with his subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, . and ended by patting him on the back. " You'll do, Charley !" he said. « And now give us a tune, for who knows-»well, give us a tune!" So Charley brougTit his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum ; and Sandy ! laid his sprawling length on the ground,: his head on his hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle 1 [ And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter ; and ail at once Sandy said; " Say, Charley ! Giro ns the song you played last night." There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came the old tune of " Home, Sweet Home," softly and slowly played, filling the air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he, sat there balanced on his drum, and . Sandy Green's hand was pressed hard I into his head. And the tune went on and on, and the stars sparkled, the crickets chirped peacefully, When, all at once, a bugle Hounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Sandy was ¡on hiß feet, Charley's drum was in his hand-and the enemy was on them ! ; Who can tell of the dreary surprise, of the* terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and scorched by powder P Who can- tell of the wild, smirched fases, turned eight? lessly up to the sky; the dead hands clutching the grass; the soiled and torn clothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had fluttered out P Long into tiie day it lasted ; and there were no more bird's songs heard. The white streets of the camp were gone, and a confused mass of men, some wounded, and all bitter, wire here instead. And the fight iiad ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were-victorious. Throughout the fight they all remem? bered to have heard the drum. They remembered seeing young Charley hatless his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of tho fight, for there had beeu small order -it could not be otherwise. And some of them said hé had haon seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. Bat now there was a silence; these were not the drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll many men who would answer to but one roll- call more-the mighty Roll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there wis. no response; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll went; and at last Sandy Green's name was called-no answer. Again it was called, and then-then Sandy Green's voice answered 'from far away, and they saw him coming, limping up the Hill, Charley on his shoulders, white and wild. The men cheeréd-^jés, they did-they cheered ! ' And. Sandy; stood in the midst of ' them, bis" leg wounded by a ball, and told bow he had beenfbund by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of bim, but that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been savëd.,: <'' . Bat, étrange to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken him on bis shoulder, for'the boy1 had grown faint and white, had called bis name ; but a blank look was alOtbe re- ply he had received. ' Charley's* mind had stopped! There he-was; looking''aft thé iden, a' smile on his face, but ad unmeah .ingjight in his bine eyes.. :" ' ? >! ' ' fh^lookèdttt hito,"they 'shook Min, by tho hand ; but lie said nothing-ho recog- nised no one. Tho surgeon came, áud shook his head. -"Fijht!" ho said. But Sa-idy Green criod : '. It's a lie. begging your pardou ! The bey wasn't frightened." For all that, it made small difference to Charley. D*y by day. as this portion of the army made entrenchments where they «¿re, aud prepared for winter quarters, for this poiut mnst be guarded, Charley loitered about tho hospita), not sick, not ailiug, but with his mind clouded. Cue of tho boys had huatod for his fiddle, but i only the fragmeuts aud the strings wore left, and these Saudy Green bad taken charge of, as he lay in his cot; for, said he, " The sight of these thiugs might make the boy worse." The surgeons studied the case. It was uew to them ; a fine opportunity for experiment ; aud experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no oue missing nothing he had before known. The men, when they met lura, called out, " Hi, Charley !" and he seemed to be pleased at that-nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you see they had all liked him. Aud Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though his manner was as gruff aud rads as ever. After a while the surgeons came to a ?strange conclusion. They said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening, that night when he had seen a fight, was a blank. They said ? there was no bridge to connect (he time before and the time after that terrible experience. They cited vast authorities, and confused themselves about them, and su far confused Bandy Green, who was hobbling abont, that the rough mau. looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. Une day Sandy Green, feeling in his pocket, found the letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, aud had been for- gotten ever since. At eight of it, he I went for paper aud pencil immediately, j That night he told the boys he had writ ten to <JharJey*s aunt, gettiug the directions from Charley's unposted letter. " Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys," said some of them, in faint remembrance, of their old humour, over Charley's rela- tive; .' Sandy Green has written to her, telling her all about the boy." Lo ! lo ! A few days after a tall appa- rition, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its-appearance in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan ; and tu less: than an hour it was known all over that Charley's Anni Teddy had come. AU who could sauntered past the win- dow, just to peep at her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look was something dreadful; and it was every- where at once. They were afraid of her. They might face the enemy, but Aunt: Teddy was something more. Aud; Charley P She just went np to the poor lad, and took his face between her two bony hands. "? Charley!" she said. And he turned his smiling, meaningless facB to her, and laughed IQW, and did not know her. She sat quietly dowu, and rocked her- self to and fro. Nb ! Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. ' So the days wore on, and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, hold- ing his hand in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would not have him stir from her, and he seemed perfectly con- tented beside her. And when the meu saw her sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding the boy's hand in her own, and ho smiling and happy-looking, they felt a lump iu their throats ; and in a way they respect- ed Aunt Teddy more than if she had cried over him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength here, like their own -strength of protection. And, do you knqw, it was said that when Bandy Green saw her coming in that day, he hobbled out as fast as he could, and with a white face ; and he would not go near her when she, asked for the man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was af raie}, of her-the gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors she, was a little more conciliating ; and, although she told them they dh} not know their Business, ' yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's hand from hers to gire it a friendly shake she said ; " Don't, please I I want to hold him to 1 me, for lie's ail I've got.- And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in his throat. ' 1 ' ' f'lf you could awaken Charley to some memory of the5 past," said ¿his doctor to her one day--*'if "you could bring him back, to the day before the fight-1-if he could recognise something he had known them we mjglít' save him, porhaps." "I'm not a rich wóuian,"1 was the reply, " bût' m write this instant to my agent to bell raf honse. And that' money -¿-all í have iá the Wbrld-I'll'give to tho man who'b^ngS my bdy back te' tue/' ; - Now tiiis was duly reported aboy^^^^^^H camp-.ill this aud more. Aud "'^^^^^^fl to Ul to Sandy Groen, among others. shook his iiead grainy. ^V^^^l But in the middle of the night Sawity^^^M Green ro»e up like one possessed, and searched around, aud found au old cigar box. All the next day he worked at the box, worked mysteriously, aud kept lookers- on away. For two days he scraped at it. Ou the third Charley was to go away with hts aunt, for she had determined to take him home. On this last evening Sandy Groen was seen lurking about the hospital ; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about some final -preparations for depar? ture, he darted in, caught Qfiarley hy the baud, aud limping swiftly away with him, food him to a knoll far off-took him to a drum laid sideways on the ground, and seated bini there, pulled out a cigar-box, " . shaped rudely like a violin, the'strings of Charley's own lost instrument stretched' apon it. Then he brought out a-rough . 'bow. - . ? J Charley sat down there,' and «iniled * vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the 'bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise, was 'heard, and there was Aant Teddy,'fright- ened out of her wits at missing Charley and she was followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. ?? ?.< ^ Sandy Green raised his hand to' warn them. They stopped, motionless. Thea «lowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tuné of f Home, : 'Sweet Home," rudely and brokenly play- - ed; but there it was-=4here.it was!- ? The emile ou Charley's face faded out, like the light of the ignis fdtuus, A startled expression came' instead: he leaned forward-lie listened. * Tbe boys pressed closer- and closer, Sandy Greeu'e fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu'fiddle, All at once, two tears'rolled down'. 'Charley's face; he started up, looked i confusedly about him, opened lus Hps. ". - ! " Aunt Teddy !" he cried.. 1 i He was saved. His aunt was kneeling; at his feet, bugging his drnees, crying wildly. ';..-.!-. ] .-..lt. The boys stood there, aglitter in (heit eyes, until the two doctors'went np to Saudy Green, and shook him fey the hand, for Ire had done more than they could do, and they ¡owned to it. Then they all* ¡every man of them, weut up to Handy, i and wruug his hand. He bad let the I fiddle fall to the~£round, and Iib rough 'face was seamed with tears; , "Here!-somebody lead me lo Sandy Green'!" cried a voice, ,;tfie voice bf Charley's aunt; "for 11 can't *see, I'm < crying so hard; and my .legs are. clear gone from tue 1" :-. v i .. And Aunt Teddy was marched up ; to him, but not before Charley , bad caught 'both Sandys Hands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy dot She just threw her arms around Saudy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding kiss,. be- fore all the boys too ! , Andi rom a score of strong thoatsi came, a cry : . s;, . . . t ; ? " Three cheers for Sandy Green--and a tiger!" And she shook hands with, :thein, every one. . ; : Aunt Toddy did not have, to sell hor house, as a reward for 'any one who could! save her boy." . ¡, ^ ? . ? ¡ Tue cigar box liddle may still bp seen there-and often is seen there by Sandy Greeu and others-aud it 4s christeued " CHARLEY'S FIDDLE." 