A STRAIGE MESS A G E. . BY DORA. RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," *' Annabel'alRival," " Croesus's Widow," &a.; [PiitHsbed by Special Arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. CHAPTER XXVII.-THE MAKEIAOE EVE. It was a bney day, tlie fourth of Decem ber, at Kosamore, and the sun shone brightly daring the morning, and the wedding guests arrived without accident or delay. The girls, Maud and Alice-Lee, had en joyed the long, cold journey, because Lord Glendoyne, by Nora's arrangement, had met them at Edinburgh, where they had stayed the night, and escorted them the rest of the way. But Lady Barbara, who had. travelled only with her maid, had found the weather chill and drear and the journey long. True, Blddulph had met her at the station nearest Kossmore, but she was somewhat In an Irritable mood. " If I had known it was so far and the wind so cutting I never would have come, "James, I can tell you that," she said, as her nephew handed her out of the railway. carriage and her rugs and furs after her. " Your father was quite right." She was an erect, grey-haired, keen eyed woman, past middle age, [and was supposed always to speak her mind. She did this as she entered the softly- lighted drawing-room at Roaamore half an hour later, when Blddulph led her up and In troduced her to his promised bride. "So you are Leonora Stewart,.- are you?" said Lady Barbara, keenly re garding her. " Well, you are good to look at anyhow." " Her looks are not the best of her, Aunt Bab," said Biddulph, as his eyes rested proudly and fondly on the woman of his choice. Nora was, in truth, looking very hand some. The excitement had lent a lovely blush to her fair cheeks, and Bhe was dressed to perfection in dark-green plush and otter. Here manner, too, was very charming as she clasped Lady Barbara's bony hand. "It is so good of you to come, Lady Barbara, all that long way," she said. " If I had known It would have been so cold," answered Lady Barbara, "as I have been telling this nephew of mine, nothing should have induced me to come. But, as I am here, I have no doubt I shall enjoy myself-as much as anyone does at weddings, at least. Nora'laughed softly, and saw about Lady Bab's comforts. Then she took her up to the warm, comfortable bedroom that was prepared for her, and Lady Bab glanced round approvingly. " "Sou have a nice place here," she said. " The old colonel's place that James In herited is not far off, Is it ?" " JuBt across the loch." " So you two were neighbors and fell in love with each other, I suppose ? Well, I think that James has made a good choice aB far as I can see, and I hope he will make a good husband." " I have no fear." "Quite right to stand up for hltn, and I expect and trust that he will. But don't let me detain" you from your other other guests. I shall make my appear ance at dinner-time." And a very good appearance it was. When Lady Barbara re-entered the draw ing- room she wore velvet and point lace, and with her grey hair and diamonds looked a very dignified lady Indeed. The whole parky Boon assembled, and Jock Fraser, with his Bhy, pretty, fair Minnie leaning on his arm, presently en tered the room. Nora led him up to Lady Bab, who received him graciously. "And. you are to be at the wedding to-morrow, Mr. Fraser ?" she asked. "I am to have the honor of giving away the bride," answered Jock. "She's a handsome creature," said Lady Bab. " It's a pity she's a little lame." "But that was an accident,yon know, and will all go right in time. I shall never forget tLe day it happenedand Jock Bighed, and a far-away look came Into his kind brown eyes, for he wa3 thinking of his boy. Mrs. Jock had refused to come, and also had declined to appear at the mar riage ceremony. " Don't ask me, Nora, my dear," she said, when Nora was pressing her to do so, and tears came Into her blue eyes a3 she spoke, "It would only upset me. Jock will take Minnie. I am better at home." And Nora felt that perhaps this was true. Mrs. Jock's jealous love for her son would have made her' miserable, seeing another occupy a place she had fondly hoped would have been his; but she had sent her Minnie, and this fair girl with a blush and a start had recognised Lord Glendoyne, whom she had not expected to see. He crossed the room and shook hands with her in his usual languid elegant way. " And how have you been ?" he said, j uat as though he had parted with her yester day. " Very well-at least, not very well," answered Minnie, with heaving breast and trembling lipa. She was wondering if he knew all the dreadful Btory about poor Malcolm, and of their trouble and grief. Glendoyne did know all about it. On the way from Edin burgh Maud Lee had told him the sad de tails, and said she was so sorry for " poor Minnie." " And so am I," he had answered, and hef elt really sorry, but the llttlegirl who had been telling him did not. Maud Lee re membered as she graphically detailed the tragedy in the glen that Lord Glendoyne waB supposed to admire Minnie Fraser, so she thought it as well that he Bhould know all the disadvantages of the family. But after dinner was over to Maad Lee's annoyance Glendoyne found his way to Minnie's side Instead of her own. He waB a very gentlemanly man, and the thought of the poor girl's trouble made him more attentive to her than perhap3 he had intended to be. " Minnie looks very pretty and very happy," whispered Nora to Biddulph, who was bending orer her. "I know someone else who looks very pretty and very happy too," he answered. " I don't know about being pretty, bub I know I am very happy," she said softly, looking up at his handsome face. She felt proud of' him-proud of his love and his good looks. There was no one like him, she thought; and Lady Barbara, looking at these two at this moment with her keen grey eyes, was satisfied that their affection for each other was very great. They kept the party up late, but at la3t Jtick Fraser rose and said it was time for Minnie and himself to be crossing the water. Blddulph also was going to return to Dunbaan, as it Is not considered lucky for the btldegroom to sleep in the house the night before the marriage. Nora went out of the drawing-room with Minnie, and after she had parted with her half-cousins she was recrosslng the hall when she en countered Blddulph. " I have waited for one last sweet kiss," he said, drawing her arm through his. " Come down this corridor, Nora, and we shall be alone." She went with him, and he took har In his arms. "Hike Aunt Bab," she said softly, lifting her dewy eyes to his. "1 did not come here to talk about Aunt Bab, my dearest, my sweetest love. I thank Heaven this is our last parting." About an hour later, perhaps, Blddulph waB Bitting In his own library at Dunbaan thinking of Nora still, and no man ever thought of hia future wife with mors com plete content. Nora Stewart satisfied every wish, of; his heart and every desire of hla soul. She was a perfect woman to ? hia mind, physically and mentally-the fairest, pnreab, and moat livable ha had ever known. And to-morrow was hl3 wedding-day ! To-morrow by this "time time he and.Nora would be far away from here-far away from a place haunted for them both with such palnfal recollections still. He got up to stir the fire and light his pipe. He had not been in the room many minutes when he did this, and as he bent over the fire a slight noise behind hioi attracted his attention. He turned sharply round, and as he did so he staggered back, the poker fell from his hand, and a look of unutterable horror and dread cams over his face. "Was he mad? Had his brain sud denly reeled over?" he thought, with quick fear. There, standing between the half-parted window curtains, which had been closed when he entered the room, was the form, the mocking face of the woman who had once been his wife, whom he had seen lain in her grave in the kirk yard of Balla! Biddulph was a brave man, but an In expressible shuddering dread passed over him at this moment. He put his hand up to his head, he rubbed his eyes ; it might be a delusion. It was there still; and th§ next moment the familiar voles, the voice of the dead, sounded on his shocked ears! " I am afraid I have given you a start." "Woman! fiend! why are you here?" now burst from Biddulph's white lips. " Why have you risen from the dead to disturb my peace ?" "Perhaps I have not risen from the dead," answered those mocking lips; and the form slowly advanced towards him, "I'm awfully cold, James; may I come beside the fire and have a chat ?" Biddulph stood staring at her, be* wlldered-horrified. " You think I am a ghost, but I'm not; There, feel my hand and my arm; they are substantial ' enoughand she laughed. She put out her hand and touched Bld dnlph's as she spoke; the hand was warm. And the man, with wide, distended eyes, with loathing, with sudden anguish, gazing ather face, saw it was seemingly the face of a living woman-the face of Natalie, Oh, God! the face of Natalie! (To be ccntinued.) 