NEW SENIOES v. SOUTH COAST* The principal matoh on Saturday was supposod to be that between tho South Coast players who visited the city last week and a team seleoted from the new senior olubs— those whose first season it is as seniorB. It proved to bs the softest thing ever the reps ot Sydney had on, for the Coasters have not the very commencement of an idea how to play Bugby. Two of them— Qiilty and M'Lean— oollarod pretty well, bst it was a Scotoh navigation with them— main strength and stupidity. The Coast captain, Kedgerley, won the tosB.aHd choBe to kick with the strong wostorly wind behind him and the Blight fall ot the land in his favour. Mills, who captained tho new soniors (red) kicked off, and tho return being rather multy, Lyons got hold and ran woll till Qailtj took him by the toe in the 25 and grassed him. Miller carried it on, however, and waB only stopped by M'Lean coming up from behind and riding him down, jumping olean up on the tall three- qnarter-back'e shouldors. Hayes suoccadod Miller, and was all bnt in when Kedgerley collared him, and a force resulted right under the bar. Kioked out, and Whitesido kioked high, and following up sent tho ball out woll inside the 25, whenoe Murray dashed ovor, but was recalled. Lyons gofc a hold, and ran vory fast ronnd a lot of ths Colours before being collared. Coast got a free for an off-sido tackle, and immediately after a rushef the Beds gavoHayman a chance, and he went over, but was recalled, and the Coasts got a free for off- sido. but the ball was reoalled tor a similar breach of rulo. Lewis, the little Zealandia full-back, stopped a dashing rush ot the fanner lads, and kicxed woll into tonoh, From tho throw in tho Bods got on a fast rush, and Whiteside, picking up about fifteen yards out, dashed over the lino and scored. Mills placed for Miller, bnt tho attempt, a good- ono, dtd not succeed, and the scoro was— Now Seniors 3, South CoaBt 0. Miller led s dashing roturn of tho kick ont, and Hayman dashed over and appeared to soore, but only a force waB allowed. Miller had a grand opportunity immediately after tbo kick out, of scoring, but failed to tako the ball, and M'Lean kioked a rolling ball (all tho Coast baoks did this nearly every time), and eased the pressure. She was soon back, however, and Whiteside and Haatowe, coming with a fast dribble, Hayes kioked pretty hard, ran aftor the ball fast, and snapping hold as it bounced on the lino, soorod right behind the sticks. MHIb placed for Miller, who scored a goal, and the board showed 8 to nothing. From the kiok out the ball waB brought np again merrily by Miller, who ran, dropped gently jnst over the Coast forwards, and was all bnt in when downed. From s sornm whioh forms d to the defenders' left of the goal the ball was sent ont to Whiteside, who mulled the take, and Miller coming np fast behind snapped np and dropped a neat goal. 12— 0\. Lyons again distinguished himeolf by a slash ing run from tho kiok-off, dodging in and out and evading the wild rushes'of the oountrymon, who tried to out him off, with the greatest (oase and skill. He was. not downed till woll within tko Coaat's 85, and half -timo sOundod. Kedgorloy kicked off, but tho Bods soon had their visitors in trouble again, tho wind now aid ing the already too strong team. Miller took a fly at goal, bnt missod, tho ball striking Kedgorley and rebounding, and was snapped np by Whiteside, who dashed at ths lino, evaded one big dsfendor, aud dtftgfod Kodgorley ovor with him, scoring oloso to tha goal-post. Mills plaood for Lewis, bnt.no goal rssultod. Booro: 15— 0. Ten Beoonds lator Lawos struggled over near the corner, tho kiok at goal again being miSBed, making th#' eooro 18 to. nothing. Tno big, strapping barraokors who had ccmo down to seo their heroes porform on the town sottioB caused.- great amnsomont by thoir oriesi 'Play up. Mowya ys havn't muoh timo!' (Faith, thoy hadn't.) 'Now. then, Kyhammor; into it, boys I' &o.;, ad lib. The ory of 'Oo it, Coasts 1' was repeated by these oarnest-looking barraokors bo often that the talont got hold ot it, ' and yelled, ' Go it, Kiama ehOBtsl' Tho kiok ont atter tho last sooro was a onnning little poko, just ovor somo of tho Beds' forwards. Ned Mills was thoroand marked it with graoa and .abandon, in spite ot the strong efforts of M'Lean to unjolnt his vertebiio. Lewis took a plaos at goal, tho ball dropping just nnder tho bar, and tho Coast baok took so onanoes bat forced ouefully and with despatch and things. Hayes and Lyons did good runs, and eaoh man was nearly soaring, Whiteside dribbled ovor, bat was unable to touch down, the defenders foroing. Lowis returned the kiok-ont and wont near soaring a goal, tho visitors foioing again. Miller caught tho klok-off and ran right through tho wholo of tho dofondors, noarly getting io, and when oollored he passed to Lawes, who wont in. Mills plaood for Hayes, who kioked a goal— sooro, 23 to 0. Tho visitors had no oarthly show, and so soft a thing was it that some ot tho Bods stood around talklrg and langbing, while those in front kept the Kiama ghosts bnsy. Presently thoy got on a ruBh, and Ionia missing badly, Lyons took her and kioked back again. A similar mistake by Miller enabled the Coists to get on a rush, and they compelled the New Soniors to foros for tho flrst time. Miller kioked ont, and following up his kiok, boltod through tho opposition like a pint of sheoak down a doadbeat's nook, and Boored close to the posts. Lyons missed tho goal, sooro £6—0. The siok oat was marked and returned, and play stopped for a few moments to allow a man to recover his wind. The Coasts got np an expiring rush, and one ot them shot at goal but missed, and Whitesido ran out, bat was downed 10yds oat. Marlow and Hayman trottod hor down/' tho fluid, however, and Miller nearly soorod again. Hayman Sit in, bnt was recalled, and a freo givon tho oasts. Whitesido oaught the kiok, and mooting' M'Lean, the Coast's Horooloa npended him like a baby. A rush ot tho Beda atter Whiteside lost possession ended in Street sooring anothor try. No goal was kioked, and tho whistle blew ' No Bide,' leaving the New Seniors viotors by 29 points to 0. Mr. P. Allan was referee, and was as nsAal thoroughly conscientious. UmvEBBlTT V. BOSEDAM. These teams met in a osntest for the Senior Badges, tho result of a desperately oontestod game being a win for ths 'Varsities by 13 points to 6\. uoiquhoun oponod proceedings soon atter tho start by running like a dodgy hare moro than halt the length of the ground, and jumping cloan over M'Mahon as that reliable lad stooped to take him, and scored behind goal. Flynn oonvorted the try, and shortly after dropped over goal, bnt Hanley had touched the ball, and no soore was allowed. Tho game was fieroely fought, and prosontly Hutton got hold and dropped a olevor goal, making tho scores—' 'Varsity, 9 Bosodalo, 0. The ball burst with oxoitemont or something right here, and half-timo was oallod while ZealandiVs ball was being borrowed. Dwyer got a try for Bosodalo after a lot of hard rushes to near 'Varsity line, and Honniball kioked a goal. 9—5. Flynn piokoi up inside the 25 and dropped high for goal. The bill went over the bar, but was then blown orooked and gradually baok till it toll just ontsido the goal dost. The referee, Mr. M. Arnold, allowed ths goal very proporly, though somo people objected. This mado 'Varsity 13 to Bosedalo's 5, and at that the scores stood whon an nnfortunato acoldent caused the game to prematurely terminate. The rushes of the 'Varsity woro desperato, and tho defenoe equally so, and in stopping a dash at the lino near the flag, M'Mahon got a severo injury to one ot his legs and had, after being examined by a surgeon, to bo carried off the Held. There wero some 2CG0 people ronnd the grossds on Batntday, and another 500 outside the fence. The crowd whioh encroached inside lined up around the goal line and inBide everywhere to such an extent that it was a wondor some player or onlooker was not laid out in tho endeavours of the former to make way through tho crowd. It was a diBgrace to the spootators, who refused to budgo even when Mr. Arnold stoppod tho play to try and make them leave the linos, at least, dear. A few constables are badly needed on tho Agricul tural Ground of a Saturday. Pstzkshaii v. Glebe Wellihotos. — These clubs met at Norwood Fork on Saturday, in a contest for the Jnnior Badges. The ball was set in motion by Nelson Making off for the Peter 'shams, whioh was badly returned by the Welling ton back, Ths Petershams soon had their opponents in tronble and by good dribbling Lester secured first try for the Petershams ; the kiok at goal by Nelson failed to add to the Boore. Set in motion, the Petershams once more made thepace andFitzpatriok securing the ball passed to Kerr, who by a good run seoured seoond try, whioh Nelson converted into a good goal. On play being resumed some good passing was shown by both ?ides, and Blaok securing the ball by a splendid rnn seonred third try ;the kiok by Nelson failed to add .to the score. Kicked off once more the Poter skams assailed their opponents, and Dwyer kioked a splendid goal from the field. Nothing more waa scored till halt time. After the usual interval play waa resumed, the Wellingtons playing down hill, but although they tried hard to scoro the taokling of the Petershams was too good. Simp son, Blaok and Fitzpatriok tried hard to soore, bnt were well taokled by the Wellingtons. Just before the call of time Dwyer, by a good run, seoured the fourth try for the Petorshams, and Maiden kicked a beautiful goal off it. Tims was thon called, the Petershams thus winning by 20 points to nil. Mr. Tork, as sole umpire, gave Tanner, Hurford an^^Rsrarovo hard toavWPW defeat, while for the winners Blaok. Fitzpatriok, Smith, Lister and Maiden played a splendid game. tv jinxn uuiit v. auiiijLKuii — .iia aoove mentioned clubs met on the Wentworth ground, Moore Fork, for the Junior Badges, and ths game resulted after a fast and exoiting game in a win for the termer by 9 points to 5. The tries were obtained by Anderson, Cobcroft, and Gormin for Wentworths, and that ot tho Artillery by Mason, it being converted intoagoal by Gore. This is the only time that the Artillery has had to surrender to any juniors this season. The players on both sidos strngglod their utmost to seoure a win, Pabramatta v. Kino's School,— Playod at Par rtimatta and won by the former by 3Q points to nil. Stbathpield v. Bandwick.— Played at Strath field, and won by tho former by 11 points to 3. Moses obtained two trios for Strathfield and Eady one for Bandwiok. Bosxdalb Sicoxd v. Uhivebsiiy Second.— These teams met on the Oval on Saturday, and the Bosedales won easily bv 17 pointB to nil. Touches were seoured hy Henderson (3), Wor thington and S. Morrison, from one of whioh Lewis kiokod a goal. For the 'Varsity Moulton and Sparke wero moBt conspiouous. It would be unfair to individualise the players on the winning side, as they were all in good form. BalMain Objionde v, Bosbdill.— Plaved at Parramatta Park. Win for tho former by 9 points to 7, after a very close game. Moxnam obtained two tries, and Kirkpatriok one ; kicks at goal failed, front, Frazor, Hunt and O'Toole played well for the winners, while the lo3ers worked wall together. Their scores were made np of one try and a goal from, tho field. Mr, Wilkinson gave Eatisfaotion aB solo umpire. Oxfobd v. Manly.— Played on tho Manly Park, and resulted in a most decisive wi# for Oxford by 19 points to nil (five tries and ono goal from tho field, kicked by j. Druoe) ; the tries ware ob tained by M'Callum (3), Clarkson and P. Hellyor. Oxford scored firat try in the first few minutes, and kept tho play within tlio Manly 25 most ot tho game. Tibbots, Antrobus, Chummy and Wise heart workfd very hard for the ' Village.' Mr. W. J. Douglass, as referee, gavo overy satisfac tion. 