THE .TEWS OF RUSSIA. (PROM THE LONDON "DAILY TELEGRAPH.") "VTATIONS, as well as individuals, have skeletons in thei1' I \l cupboards which, like the mummies at Egyptian feasts, remind them of unpleasant truths in the hour of rejoicing, and unlike those curious relics of the past, add tenfold bitterness to their sufferings in the day of tribulation. They are euphemisti cally termed "questions," and the Governments of the respective •countries are supposed to be not unsuccessfully engaged in solving them in a satisfactory manner. Thus, in Italy we find the Papal •Quebtion sternly demanding an answer, like the Sphinx of old; in Austria the Slavonic Question, threatening the Empire with •dissolution; in our own country the Irish Question, of which •every one is growing heartily tired, and so on in every civilised •country in the world. Russia's cupboard being unusually spacious, •contains quite a number of these weird skeletons, some of which, like the dry bones to which Ezekiel prophesied, show unmistakable ttigns of coming to life again and assuming a very menacing atti tude. Thus, there are the Polish, the Jewish, the Finnish, the Little Russian, the Nihilist, and a whole host of other questions, like the ghosts that appeared to Richard III. on Bosworth Field, which might be supposed to disturb the sleep of Russian states men, if these easy-going, self satisfied personages could possibly have their rest disturbed by political cares. One of the most urgent and moBt difficult to deal with is without doubt the Jewish •question. If the worst came to the worst, and an unsuccessful war opened the flood-gates of affliction on the Russian Empire, the Poles, Little Russians and others could be temporarily shaken off. by the grant of a few concessions which could always bo repealed by the judicious dropping of gilt, if not golden, apples on the road. But there is no such shaking off of the Jews. The only concession which the Jews care to have is one that, once ,granted, could scarcely be repealed—permission to circulate freely •throughout the Empire. Russian Jews are now fallen upon truly evil days, when life is •decidedly not worth living. In the reign of Alexander II. there were unmistakable signs of a good time coming, and certain small favours were granted as an earnest of the great concession that was to come. But now there has arisen up a new king over Egypt-, which knoweth not Joseph nor his brethren. They are bullied, and beaten, and persecuted in such a studious, malignant "way, that they must be positive angels if boundless, all-devouring hatred of the Russian Government is not incorporated as an obligatory article of their religious faith. "Jew" is a by-name in Russia. It is a term of reproach, worse than calling a man a •dog or an ssb, and, like the mark of Cain, it singles him out as a target for every man's arrows. Diocletian, Galerius and other persecutors of the early Christian Church crucified, burned and ' frankly exterminated the members of the obnoxious sect. Julian's «yBtem was more insidious, and would have proved far more successful had it been tried long enough. It deprived the ^Christians merely of the benefits of education and culture, and looked for success to the choking by the tares of ignorance and superstition of the seed of religion and civilisation. The Russian Government is naturally eclectic, and adopts a system which combines the strong points of the two; so that, on the one hand, the Jews are deprived of the benefits of education, and of certain other political and social rights in virtue of the law, and on the other they are cheated out of the remainder by subordinate officials aoting in opposition to the law. Systematic uttemptB have been made of late to cheat the Russian Jews out of the sympathies and good wishes of Western nations by preferring charges against them which, if true, would lend a colourable pretext to the diabolical persecution of which they are the objects. Thus they have been denounced as ciuel extortioners, human vampires who suck the very life-blood of simple- hearted Russian peasants; as village Shylocks who advance money to—nay, force it upon—drunken mooschicks, whom they never again release from their clutches, and who for the remainder of their lives must toil and moil for their Hebrew masters. Now it would be absurd, as well as untrue, to maintain that the Jews in Russia are a whit better than they should be; but it is equally impossible to blink at faots that stare one in the face, and one of the most prominent of which is writ large in Jewish history ever since that fatal day when Poland with its large Hebrew population was absorbed by Russia, namely, that the shady sides of Jewish character, in so far as they are specifically characteristic, were oither wholly called into being or at least fostered and developed by their life surroundings, for which Russian inisgovernment alone is responsible. Taking into account the frightful conditions in which they live, and for generations have been compelled to live, it would be as rational to inveigh against them for not being manly, frank, single-minded, physically clean and spruce, and morally irreproachable, as to blame the unfortunate Englishmen who were shut up in the Black Hole at Calcutta for the mephitic atmosphere of that pestilential den. To begin with, Russian legislation regards the Jews as an unmixed evil, to be tolerated only as long as it cannot be extirpated root and branch. Hence they are legislated for as a class, which is a bad, immoral precedent; and as a criminal class, which is still worse. Thus every Jew in Russia is born with the original sin of his nationality and religion weighing heavy upon his soul, and he is made to expiate it in a most cruel manner in this life. How many Englishmen are there who are aware that in this age of liberty, when even Russian serfs are a thing of the past, millions of Jews are condemned to pass their lives in one circumscribed district, called the " Pale of Settlement," beyond which it is criminal to venture, where they languish and die, never obtaining even a momentary glimpse of the world beyond ? But even here the Jews do not enjoy those advantages which the American Indians possess in the territory still left them. A Jew dare not purchase or possess a square foot of the land on which he lives, and if he attempts it the vendor can pocket the money and keep the land. To most intents and purposes they are outlaws. They cannot be always and under all circumstances murdered and plundered with impunity—for this there are special seasons, as there are for salmon fishing; but short of this there is no insult too great that cannot be put upon them. Thus they are obliged by law, under severe pains and penalties, to discharge certain duties, and the ill-treatment they receive for attempting to perform them is to the full as odious as the penalty for backing out of them. Thus they are compelled to appear periodically in certain Government offices for the purpose of reporting them selves and changing their passports, and I have myself seen their appearance hailed by the officials of these offices with a volley of curses and oaths, and stood by when these bureauorats thrust them out of the room with the words, "Begone, mangy Jew ! Come another time. You infect this place." They may be thus publicly—nay, officially—insulted, seriously assaulted, and even half-killed, by ruffians who disgrace the name of Christian, and they are severely and legally punished for complaining. ThuB in a railway carriage between Slavyansk and Rostoff I saw six or seven unoffending Jews cruelly beaten by three or four so-called Christians, for no offence whatever, real or even imaginary, and when they appealed to the guard for protection they were expelled from the train with scant ceremony, and left in the steppe to reflect on the superiority of Christianity. One Southern governor, who iB a notorious and implacable enemy of the race, thinks nothing of kioking them, boxing their ears, striking them with whatever lies handy, and generally giving them palpable proofs of his hatred. I remember his once soundly boxing the ears of an old man for having his shop open too late at night, and his discovering afterwards that he had made a mistake, having supposed it was an hour later than it really was. In a word, all the disabilities created by law are maintained to the letter, while the rights which attach to the fulfilment of certain duties are not intended to be extended to those who pro fess the Mosaic religion. Hebrews, like all Russian subjects, are obliged to serve in the army, and under certain conditions have to pass officers' examinations; but no end of such examinations passed successfully and no number of years' service in the army, will obtain for them—as it will for a Christian—officers' epau lettes. Similarly, they are forbidden to purchase land, to carry on the business of a publican, to hire Christian servants, and to do numerous other acts which the law allows the swindler, the con victed perjurer and the released convict to perform. And thoBe who, in spite of all this, manage to eke out the wherewithal to buy a crust of bread or a salt herring are compelled to assign a portion of their miserable pittance to the fund which exists for. bribing subordinate officials, whose name is legion and whose cupidity is boundless They are expected and compelled to ofter a continual apology for existing—nob merely in attitude and deportment, which, as a matter of coui'Be, must be servile, but in the current coin of the Empire. In the " Pale of Settlement" the Jews were at first allowed to circulate whither they listed—a small mercy, in truth, but one to be thankful for in Russia. There were far too many of them there and too little demand for such services as the law allowed them to offer to permit of their gaining an honest livelihood. Still, bad as was their position, it could be worse, and so it soon became. In 1882 the present Czar, who is said to be btrongly biassed against the Israelites, issued a ukase com pelling them to remuin perpetually in the villages in which this Imperial order chanced to find thorn, and strictly forbidding them to settle in other villages, towns, or cities. This was precisely the same kind of act as that which centuries before created serfdom in Russia by tying the agricultural labourers and peasants to the soil. This law was, of course, administered with an iron hand, the severity of its provisions intensified, and for a considerable time it was interpreted as forbidding Jews to leave not only the villages' but likewise the streets and the houses in which they lived before 1882\. And it was only when certain decisions pronounced by tbe local courts in this sense were appealed from that the Senate—the highest court of appeal—declared such not to have been the intention of the legislators. It is notorious that Imperial autocracy in Russia is tempered by bribery; and, in spite of the above-mentioned ukase, many Jewish families managed to escape from their village prisons where many of them had only taken up a temporary abode some, thanks to judiciously administered douceurs, others by dint of cunning and dexterity. This year, however, His Majesty has again given them chase, and sent an order to the Governors of Poltava, Kieff, Tschernigoff and Volhynia to arrest all such delinquents, and take them back by force to tbe villages in which they lived six years ago, thus breaking up their business, destroying the capital spent npon it, depriving them of an honest means of living, and consigning them and their families to misery and famine, besides making them an intolerable burden to their co-religionists. After treatment of this kind it certainly does seem rather hard to accuse the Jews of not being squeamish in the choice of their means of living. The following is a specimen of the shifts to which the poorest of them are reduced. Every Russian is bound to serve in the army, and the Jews make no exception. It is believed, however, that they exhibit far more reluctance to don the soldier's cap than their fellow-subjects, and to remedy this a law was enacted offering a reward of fifty roubles to whoever brings to justice a backsliding recruit who has not put in an appearance at the proper time. There is, however, no punishment attached to the offence beyond a fine of three hundred roubles, which no more than three in a hundred can pay. This being so, two needy Jews generally agree together to profit by this law, and one of them runs away from military service, while the othor discovers his whereabouts and brings him to justice. The man zealous for the fulfilment of the law receives his easily earned fifty roubles, which he divides with his comrade, while the latter is fined 300 roubles, which, of course, he never pays. I have actually before me a lamen tation, lately sent by the Governor of Kieff to the various police officials in his province, asking why the sums owed by Jews for this practice was not paid, and pointing out that in his province alone for the year 1887 no less than 15,300 roubles should have been paid into the Treasury for offences of this kind, of which 14,983 are still owing. The poverty resulting from the conditions under which the Jews are now compelled to live beggars description. It far surpasses that frightful misery which the sweating system engenders in East London. When we say that Jews in Russia are huddled together like Yarmouth bloaters in a barrel, the statement is not a figure of speech, but should be taken au pied de la lettre. Forbidden to venture outside the fatal Pale, and with but two or three centres of trade and industry where they have some faint chances of eking out a livelihood, hither they swarm like flies round a sugar barrel, competing with each other to such an extent that labour is not only incredibly cheap in con sequence, but employment is not to be had even for food alone, without wages, by more than a fraction of the hungry multitude who are seeking for it. In the city of Berditscheff, there are, according to M. Schuraffsky, an authority on such questions of statistics, no less than 25,000 Jews who live from hand to mouth, some of whom do not complain if they can obtain salt herring and a few potatoes three times a week. It is under these conditions that the brightest and best qualities of these unfortunate helots are called into play, and one is tempted to say of them what was said of the Christians of old, " How they love one another!" He who-has shares his last loaf with him who has not, and gives him shelter in a den already so tightly packed with his own numerous family that you could almost hang a hatchet on the thick, poisonous atmosphere, thus himself running the risk of starving in order to ward off for a few hours the same fate from his ill-starred co-religionist. Several families live in one, or at most two rooms of a tottering hovel, and at night there is not space enough for a hazelnut to fall between the sleepers. This same • room is turned into a workshop in the day, where candles or leather articles are manufactured, and the air grows heavy with , the smell of rotting materials thrown about and left to decompose. It is in such pestilential holes as this that the vast majority are born, live, work, fall ill and die. Their condition reminds one of nothing more forcibly than the state of half-a-dozen shipwrecked Bailors in an open boat on the White Sea, the day after the last biscuit has been eaten, when frequent thoughts of horrid crime, followed by satiety, flit across their enfeebled minds. Not only are Russian Jews bound to the inhospitable soil of the Pole as firmly as Prometheus was to bis rock, the Fury hunger gnawing their vitals day and night, but all the efforts of self sacrificing influential friends are utterly powerless to effect their releasp. Thus, though estates in other parts of Russia have been from time to time bequeathed to some of them by grateful friends, the law has never yet allowed the bequest to be accepted. The legatee has always been compelled to sell his estate in six months' time, generally for an absurdly inadequate price, owing to a con spiracy among intending purchasers. The extent to which Russian law violates the elementary principles of justice, in order to divorce the Jews from the land, will be manifest from the following case. In Ismail, Ungen and several other towns on the Roumanian frontier there were people of the Hebrew race from time imme morial. For generations before the annexation of this portion of Bessarabia to Russia they lived and toiled, built houses, bought land and generally prospered. The Russian Government took them over with the land, as they had formerly taken over their co-religionists with Poland, and now, in their unreasoning haste to shake off the Jewish nightmare, they have driven these people from the houses which they built, depriving them of the land which they fertilised by their labour, and expelling them and their families from the Empire which they were eager loyally to serve. These outcasts are not considered to bo Russian subjects, and will never bo permitted to become such, so that they dare not remain in Russia in opposition to the will of the Emperor, on pain of being transported to Siberia. Neither are they Roumanian citizens, and cannot therefore appeal to that Government for pro- tection or asylnm. Every man's hand is against them, and the Russian Press is highly indignant that they should raise—not their hands, but—their weak, shrill voices against these iniquitous doings, which themselves cry out against those who perpetrate them. This morbid sensitiveness of the Russian Press lias some thing peculiarly cynical, and at the same time naive, about it. It reminds one of the strait-laced American, also blessed with it to a considerable extent, whose indignation boiled over when he learned that the journal which he had been borrowing for years from his next-door neighbour had not been paid for. The " depths of human villainy," this right-minded man exclaimed, " are truly unfathomable." And a little reflection on our part will enable us to confirm his assertion, and admit that they are positively unfathomable. WE are asked to draw attention to Mr. Pain's (ironfounder) advertisement. The splendid verandah at Mr. S. Nathan's new premises was manufactured by him. ACCORDING to the Nowoje Wremja, two high Government officials have been directed to visit the Jewish colonies in Southern Russia, and report upon their condition. THE Consistoire Israélite of Paris has been re-organising the arrangements for the supply of Kosher meat. There are at present 47 butchers' shops in the city where such meat can be obtained. HITHERTO Jewish shopkeepers in Kiew, Russia, have been permitted to transact business on Sundays and Christian holidays for certain hours in the day. This concession has now been withdrawn. OUT of 13,673 elementary schools in Hungary, 544 are exclu- Bively Jewish. The latter are attended by 96,432 children out of 120,973 who are old enough to attend school. According to the last census, taken in 1880, Hungary had then a Jewish population of 624,740. M. NARCISSE LEVEU, vice-president of the Alliance Israelite Universale, has visited Leghorn, Italy, where he effected an arrangement respecting the so- called Ascoli bequest. Under this arrangement the sum of 300,000 lire will be divided in two equal amounts between the Alliance and the Jewish community in Leghorn. The- King of Italy has again performed an excellent deed of impartial charity. Having spent a few days in the neighbour hood of Pisa, His Majesty on the eve of his departure left with the authorities a sum of money for distribution among the local poor, besides sending to the Jewish congregation 1000 lire for their own poor. Miss Helene Goldberg, a native of Poland, has, at the age of twenty-five, obtained the degree of Doctor of Medicine at the Berne University, and has passed the last examination of the College of Apothecaries in London. She came over to England to practice medicine, and to enable her to do so, had to go through both medical and surgical examinations. Signor Raffael Jona, who lately delivered a lecture at the University of Pavia, Italy, on the utility of this universal " language, announced in the course of his lecture the publication of a Grammar of Volapiik in Hebrew, which has been written by a. certain Herr Elk, with the view of spreading a knowlodge of the new tongue among German-speaking Jews. 