The Great Plague in London It was calculated that forty thousand work psoplo and sorvants woro loft destitute by tho flight of thoir omployoM from tho plaguo, and Biibaoriptions wero mado to provont thorn from starving, for thoy woro not allowed to loave tho oity. Tlio King gnyo one thousand pounds a weok, tho City six hundred pounds, tho Queon Dowagor, tho Archbishop of Canter bury, and lnvny noblomou coutributod libo rally. Dutthonspoot of tho plaoowastor rible. Tho dead carts wero going- to aud fro continually to collout tho bodies put out into tho streets, nnnounccd by tho tiukling of a bell, and at -.ight by the glaro of links. Tho corpsoa wero oast into pits, and oovorod up as fast as possible Tho most populous aud latoly busy streets wcio grass-grown; tho pooplo who wnlltod through thorn kept along ;ho middlo, except thoy woro meeting others, nnd then thoy got as far from o:ich other us possible Amid all this horror, tho sight of fflwatly death, nnd thu vaviuijs of dolirium, whilst somo bravo souls do voted themselves to tho assistance of tho suffering and dying crowds of othors rusliou to taverns, moatros and places of dobauoh.and a straugo maniuoa! mirth startlod the silouco of tho night, mid addod horror to tho work of death. Ilio ?wookly numbers who porishol rose from ono thousand to eight thousand. Tho wildest rumours of apparitions and strango omona wore afloat. Tho ghosts of tho dead wero said to bo soon walking round tho pits whorothoir bodies lay; a flaming sword was said to Htrotoh across tho hoavens from 'Wodtmunstor to abovo tho Tower, and moil, raised by tho awful oxoitomont of tho scono into an abnormal state, wont about, as was done at tho do Btruotion of Jerusalem, announcing tho judg ments of God. Ono man cried as lio pssned, -Yot forty days, uni London shall bo dos troyed!' Anothor stalked nakedly along, bearing on liis head n chafing-dish of burn ing ooal, und doolariug that tho Almighty would purgo thorn -with flro. Anothor oame suddohty from sido stroots and alloys in tho darknoss of tHo night, or iu opoa day, uttor iniriii adoopiuulfoarful tono, tho imvary inffoxolnmation, 'Oh, tho groat and dread ful God !' Tho (ionf oumlad pooplo doubled that it wag a jndgmontof God on tho nation for its siua, and ospajiallytho sins of th King and Court, and tho drondf til porseciition of tho religion* by the Government aud olorsy. — From Cassell't Illustrated Jliitonj of England. 