GENERAL NEWS. D 11 i'a icr t) a u.—fttr. Ttprbert: G'oomber. lias resigned Ids pcMltioiris brtlridij ilniVuiamlgca' to Mr. EdWin jiaoarbe; of the CfoAl'ooltlail Credit Brewery ; Do 'loavcti -W tlio Cfintrii oil Sunday for Townsifiud/te foiled the lUanagu- 111'ent of pli'u Held Bivor Brewery., Tiik Zilzib l'aoi'bbty. — As we intimated a fo w weeks back,:tho property of Lioutonaut- Colonol W. B. Wilbrahaiu, at Emu I'lvrk," "Zilx.io," was being out up into allbtmonts,' l'1'heso will now be offered for sale by Air. G. S. iOnrti's to-morrow, at 11 a.m.,' in tho! old liiuction rooms, Denhnm-Btrcot. At the snuie time, tlio Iioubo lately Wllud by Mr. rlt. Lyons, at Einu Park, will bo offered for Said/ I Tho occasion is 6ne whan oxcollont bargains ! may bo looked fori v ' 1 A bocifhajtiton Lad's Victory in 'Stdnby. — At the H.A.C.B., Socioty,'a sports 011 Saturday, 2Gth January,' in feydnoy,,n(i win was more popular than that of Sid. ; Gowatt; late seorotary. of; , the Lakes Creek ' Eootbilll CiUb; but HoW a rbsidoiifc .of tho,NeW| South AValos in'otropoliA, . Gywrin's .Win jWas ; in tho. two miles walking handicap',' yfjiioli lfe ' executed in the splondid time of 16 minutes: His win was lnuoli appreciated by Ids school mates of St. Joseph's Collogc, by whom I10 wob loudly choered ns he drew in to tlio finish- . 1 :1 Tub S a ovation Aiuiv. -Captain 'Phillips, tho bond of tlio local corps df tlio aliovo organisation, still, remains very sick. Yester day morning littlo iiopos wore entertained: of Ids recovery, :and throe doctors were 'in att'eriaarice. During tlio ' afternoon, how ever, wo are plenSUd to stilts, a slight change whs nhtiecdj and the ohptaiu rallied slightly: 'At a meeting of Boldiers in"tlie barritt'.ks last night; wnicli Was well attended, Captain Dnnnorman stated that lie had that morning roceivod a telegram from head-quarters to load on in Itockhamiitiori.' Hp will be'iissisted by1 Lioiitonant Knight. - atbert Cricket Ciiun.— -a iiideting of the Albort Oi'iokot Club was lield in the Belmore Arms Hotel last evening. Mr. B. Long pre sided, and'' there' was a fair'Attondhriee of liieiribdrs.' ', ilr.' C.' Mittblas 'was' eleeteil td tho position of'. club dtlcghte to tiio 'Cricket Association! vice Mi". E.' T.( Bartholomew;' re signed, and was, ', '.with' 'ffir; '" Marweodcl, oleotoil as mombprof tho general committoo. Mrt'A: II. Palmer was rilodtcd to tho selec tion committee, and tthd.fpllojving new, mem bers were, .juljidtted ! , .ijle.asrs. Ji/.Pprirer. ,;W. Morgari,' ,!?. Bvrinett,' Ei'iMarwe'e'dol, C. A. Matldas, F. Jagg'ard, W. Schmidt, W. Blooui- fiold, and F. G-. Morgan. . . :Y,ounu Mbn'b Imi'rovbhbnt Socikt/.— The usual weekly meotirig of the Young Mon's Improvement 1 Sbliiity U'as lidld in . the ; OddfeHows'Hall last evening. Tho riduutes; ofjtiio last meeting wore read aiid'coiiflrmea. | Tlld numbor of fneiribers present was lo atid ono visitor,. ,Thp:. business , of , tho evening 1 was of a miscoilari'oous miture. The follow-! i.ng.gontloiuen contributed ..songs, . readings, i lirid recitations : Messrs! Drake) Pitta, Forrest,; Kilpatrick, Madoldy, A.' Caporn, Price, O.'j.- Blain, and J. Blain. Tho eliairuian, Mr., G. , .Drhkd) , cldsed ' the ineoting . , by Varinoiuicing as tlio subject" for next pveiiing, aii address' on " Australia's Prespeete; 'Commercial and , 'Pelitieal,''.by'Mi". Blaine!, ') , Thb Mounted infamrry.-mTho "mombers! of thii now corps 'nssciublod at tlio' Exchange1 Chambors last ovoning, for tlio purpose of! oleetirig thoir pilicdrs: ' Ijliessrs. Vf.'j'. Taylor,, and 1Y. ,G., Thompson, word nominated, fori eiilita'indy, buf; Mr. >V.' Gl' '.Tiiqmps'pti ideoiint ! iiigto oppose' Mri'Taylor.', Thd)lattor gohtlo-j man was uriariimously olcctod,' but for sotnoj "rchsdri "dooliried tdacc'opt; iiiudli 'to tKo'siir-l priso and rogrot< of those: qiresont, who! oxpreased very strongly their wish that, Mr.' Taylor ' 'should- ! have - coriiiiiand.! Mr. Taylor, however, would not lip, per-' -shaded, rind loft the ' nieetiug! li-' wiis! then decided ' (that ' Lieutenunt E. W.j .Smith and other gontloinon Bhould wait! upon Mr. Taylor to- day;- and ask him- to reconsider tlio 1 matter. The mooting ; was opened with Captain Gavin as clinic-; man! but as that gontldiiian'had to'-lohke for; Brisbane by the mail steamer. Lieutenant! Jb\ IV. Smith u-ns asked to preside, which ho! ididi and'.the.Cloction of Libiltonrint was tliBn ; proceeded with, tlie candidates boing Meters.' T. W.,' Whitehous'o : and! W.> .fla Thompson,1 thu result of :thp, ballpt- jWap.that '1'. W.j Whitohouso j wivs', .clqcte'd. , Prqvioup. ,to Cap-. 1 tain Gavin leaving thb 'rdoiu, 'he ' read it tele-: gram from the Coriunaiidririt with rbferonce to! the election of non- colriiaiBsionod oilicors. It) was to the ; effeot that,; they; wore I to bo! nomiriatod by tlio Commanding Officer of the corps, but as it is usual for .the members of 11! new corps to! nam,q, the , numbers they would like to have as non-coinriiissioncd officers, it was decided to ballot for them, and submit the names to the commanding officer for approval. The selection .was as follows ; — Compimy Borgeant-majbr.'lt. He'rvo'y Allen ; BOrgerintsj J. Huthorfpnl and, A. P. Collipa ;r corporals, Eagor and Elrinriigiiri. - 'The' mdetirig thou concluded with 'iv vote of 'thanks' to Lieut! P. W. Smith; 'asi .chairman; . The result of ,t)jo .eleetipn will, bp iprccl tp , the com- iriandant, 'arid arningbnienta for the drills; uniforms, Ac., made as soon as possible. Tiiri ir-prioKs'pF TiiE'Q'uEENVBEkcri.— One of , tho, most, amazing facta of modern logal history is , the' incapacity 'of" .auybily'.'tpjdd anything to put the adqunistratipn-,pifi,th law upon a satisfactory basis. The position of the -Judges- of. the Queen's Bench Division is at the. present- tinip : most anomalous,; , Wo believe they oonsdipntidusly and honorably dosire to do thoir duty j but between tho oir- cuits and the holidays they gi.ye no satisfacf "tiori 'ftnywhore; '- Wlien they go'cireuit thoy find lall the business, .entered .in .London : when they aro in London they aro drawn,,, off .on.. a ..Parnolt .Commission or to prick for sheriffs, or to receive tho Lord Mayor, or to attbri'd a' rule committee, or to rise for vacations and find when they do try causes that many of them are fit only for the County Court, or are . country causes. Who is to blame for the strito of things described by Mr. Brad laugh!: "Tho Judges sat in London in full strength rathor loss than five' 'months in each year, and that fact arose 'mainly from tlio'cireuit arrangements which had prevailed for a con siderable time. ' ,Tho legal year bogan on Ootobor 21, tho. Judges went on assize, and about November 24 they were all back iii ! London." Thus ono inolith ' was swept'away. At Christmas thoy rosd; after Christmas all tho Judges ' of the Queen's 'Boneh Division .went 011 'circuit j-' leaving, only - sufficient .judges: to ! form . tho 'Divisional Court,- aud , it . was, noar, the , middle of , Feb ruary before thoy all' returned! ' Thoy tliuu sat about six'ivcbks till Batter; and aftur the Easter vacation there was- another oir- ''cuit;'lcaving'at. bestDito month'sfull-Utfbhgth to Wliitsunticlo. After tho Whitsuntide vacation they -sat in full strength1 about ono month. Thou tho Judges went on' tho summer assize,' and did not ' sit again' in London -until after the Long 'Vacation, mak ing prabtieivlly a total, of about foul", and ri. half" months' -full : Istrbngth.' liitli Iii ( f in Loudon iri: tlio year, and ovbu'thoso- foariaufi a half montlis worn not : devoted solely <te iiniitropolitan easos;1' ' Is it'ony wondei' that- litigation is dying out? . That.'all . tlie inoJt. lucrative and" important -.work lis trauBacccd, if iat, all,'. elsewhere' than' lib! the Cbilrts of 'Justiue. !! ;. Ite -. . ,'.i ! Edgar's watches are' reputed to be tiio boat that 'have ever been 'introduced' into 'Aus trnlin. A11 immonso stook of theiul Clocks, optical goods.of the very ohoioest description, Electro-plated 1 goods, : at' uiarvbllous prieos for cash. W. tivJ. ' Edgar, watehuiaker, jeweller, optician, aud eloekmnker, East!- street, Iteolchauiptuu. Tvwioiu in Victoria. — Hero' is1 how typhoid , ; fovor ;iB spread. An au'etibheer named 'J. Wise, selling furniture, Ac., in Melbdunic, was summonod at tho Dis trict S-Oourt' lately for soiling a paliareo Whicll liad: i.eori used by a typhoid fovor patient. Ho pleaded guilty, but said that tho niatirtiilSs Which had boon immediately lindo'r tlie. pUtiout, Wad burnt. It reflects Credit oiutlic health oilicors and police wlio.n. tliriy t!(i<J i oi'it s'u'cli things. Mr. 1'allton in flicted a fine of -fit. With £1 Gs. costs. Gooanoo Divisional BoAKW.— This Board lield its usual niontlily ineoting dfc tlio ))Vo'afdV "illces yostorday morning. Tho ;sitting was a we'afy and protracted ono, and lkstoil up till noarly 5 o'cfo'ct; in tlie evoriirig. !Tlio principal business dealt with was the formal reception of the annual finiUlfc'iul istatbiiiiirtt/ : anil tho consideration of f lie various, roportif and toudors. A quantity of talk, was, as usual, indtfled 111 by theeotorio !of soif-supposed rhetoriciii'flff wfio go to . form ' part of tho Board, and, as is iiiVtfn'alilyi ; tlio- case, tho results achiovod wore, foil, the ; most part, purely formal. The Board dobided ifor tlio present at least, to forogo tlio , uccoptntlcrt of any tender for the 'ronovatioii. iof tile offices, and it is by 110 moans 1111- jfr'oWrl/ie tiiat 'a new odifico will 'shortly, bo ! built. 1 The' MissiWa iiixviUxi. — WiS'afd- glttd-tii -loam- .that., the Leant lria'ilirian, Batriek Devlin, who was reported aliasing iri our : yesterday's issue, has turned up all right. It rippears that wliilo'ori his journey, rind 'at ono of tho loneliest portions of tlio route, liis horse broko away from' htm with"' the! initilf, and was lo3t for some considerable 'time. Of coiirso it was'Dnvliti's .duty, ns the inails were carried off 'too', to search for his riiisiing Dto'od until ho discovered it, 'and 'his por- aistency in so doing occasioned the delay iri ft J- is I" "ztj '' H.i I. a J-A, ' «1 . La ' 4-1 a M 4a l|UUll!lUllt lb IS aubisiuubui LU iL'itlli bllitb iiothiiig;,J»vm'se' hiifi interfered with' this cteservdmj? popiflar nlailman's : woiited rivoca- tions, although -to be loft'in'such a'pfodicii- nlont as ho On tho occasion named was siilfipientlyi alarming to raise the hopo it may riuvor luippdn again. / A , M/stbRY Sonvrin.— A sbinow(at un usual eiiso turned up . lately lit the Morgue , .before Dr. Youl, , the, ,,Clty Coroner. In August 1387, there wus found in , the University Gardens , a man ; lying unconsoions. .At liis aido wera two ompty brandy, bottloB. ; Tho police were, informed of the affair, and had tho jnan convoyed.. to tlie Molbourno Hospital. ,, He received every attention j but1 expired: a / few- hours; after admission. Ho was not identified,, and the jury ( raturnod a vordiot that death was Caused by BrightV diteasq ' ' Months passed by, and than thora apponrod upon tho scone a .Mi-a, , Maria Harrison, of Chapol-strcet, North Melbourne, who spok'u to Constable Davidson, Coroner's orderly, upon tho matter. She believed that the man found in the 'gardens was ,lmr husband, with whom sbo lia'd not1' beau living! for a'co'iisiderable time ori'. aeeourit,). as- she .'.said, of ' his'drinking habitk. Mrs.' Hiirrisori received permission tejViowho photos, of. unknown' bodies,' arid upon seeing the photograph of, 'cVeeoased, . at one'e identified bira as hor lute husband. His oeenpritiori wiis tliat of an architect and clerk 'of works! and'hc was a 'well-known' man in the city, and uioro particularly ' in Prahrau. A married daughter of tho deccasod, named Caroline Hobb, of Hornby-street, South Yarra, also viewed the photograph, and without hesitation' said it wiiA that of her lata father. It was thought that Harrison had gone to Sydnoy or Brisbane, rand enquiries wore made by thu wife arid .'daughter at both th&so; places, : but nothing was heard of him;' !Mrs. Hafrisriii' was Iris third wife. .Dr.'Yoiil took tho statements of the: two' women, 'and there 'appears to bo no doubt but' that thu photograph has been positively identified. The Anu co-Australian Squadron. — Our cousins at the Antipodes (says tho SI. James's Gazelle) will doubtless be gratified to learn that tho vessels which are to couiposo tho new Anglo-Australian naval ; squadron have boon ordered, and that itis reckoned thoy will be ready for sea by tho end of March, 1891. AVh'otber tho coloriists will "ho so pluasod' with the names these vossuls aro to bear is anothor matter. It would liavo been an, 'appropriate anil 'taking compliment if-tho: now ships had buen ' called "after tho loading .cities , in the Australian colomos— Sydnoy, . Adelaido, Brisbane, Auckland,, Melbourne, .Porth, and Hobart ; but,' 'instead "of this, '.tiio 19-kriot ''cruisers are styled Pandora," Pelorus) ' Persian, : Phconix, anil . Psyeho, and ithe 21.knot torpotlo-catchor8 Wizard . and > Whiting. Thp last napied, ireealls a,- oertain passage in i '(Alice's Advpntriros iii Wonderland but as for tiny connection with' tke'colo'nies, there is naught in one of ' theni. There have been a couple of Pandoras- iri ' tho navy; the last .UllHIUj lYllB , it oUX uW. vvl YULLvj MillXU >1U Ou ( J the Persian, . too, was . an old .sailing sloop,' . while a succession of ships have borne the napio of Phoenix, since .1688 ; .the last Pay clip waB lost, arid,' if wo mistake riot, so was the . Whiting "gunboat ; but,' with 'slight oxeop-i tion, the namos soleeted cannot oven be culled liistorifcril. Th'A'''l<,irst' Lord is' 'said to be responsible for naval nomenclature ; and oven supposing that thore are insuperublq objections to naming eobnial ships after doloniai towns, 'Lord George Haniiltou had only to refer to1 an- old Navy List of the latter half of last ccntnry or the beginning ' bf thiy," rind ho might have lightejd on half-a- dozen -otlier namcs full' of honor; and' in very way " more suitable than those lie' has chocen. ',i 1 A' 'AVeird Storv.— Tlio' -V. ; G.\Duily-$feies . translates from' ' the lla-pao tho following 'weird story'teld by' ii traveller from the) wilds , el Kwiiiig8i A . native's wife xv'as '.'taken very .ill, and liefora she died, sho toid hoi" husband (with whom she .had lived on the . host ; terms, bearing him.onosou), fl have a. Beeret to confide to you, which X novor told , before, your sake, and tho child's. When . I die do flot nail up uiy coffin, but leave it for . a time out on tho mountain. Havo two live fowls ready ill tlie house, for after I have boon dead 100 days I will return to tho realm of living mien , for ' a time; anil come back to our homo. Pear not, but if I make towards 'the child offor mo' the two fowls, and say that you yourself will tond thu infant, and tlmt I need not bo anxious, that between the dead and the living a gulf is fixed, and I should rest among tho departed and -not ! crime back' to trouble tlib child. I will look at yon fixedly for a spell, take the fowls/ strangle' theiri niul begono, ncvor to return. My body will not lie down again 'in its coffin. ' but will be transformed 'Into a liviiig tiger. 'and if hereafter' you ooiuo .out to the-plaeo and hoc- tho clothing lying by the coffin you will knout that my words have comojtruc." Holding her - husband's baud, sho expired. Thu ghost appeared at due date, did as the living wife had foretold, and disappeared, in < the /junglo ; aud when- thu man visited tho coffin some days after, lie found tlie cast-off :gravo-elothos, anil wept when he thought of tlyrir former happy Ufa togothur, and her strango fate. While drying his tears, he saw a tigress (stalk from tho .jungle, and know' it was his wife transformed into a new existence. Gently' lie si rrikedfitri striped -liaCk, arid with a melancholy roar it bor.uded away. No deod of'blood was over kuowii to bo wrought by this gentlest ef tigresses on the mountain, and thu child iiaa grewn up and- prospers. Truly a strange story. a 1 ' Spectacles! opera and field glasses, pobblo speetaolbs, 'all sights ; " spootaclos in gold, j silver, and stool , frames. All "kinds of jowollriry; medals, trophies, Ac., nmdo to I orde.'1 Ornate, inotlous, and monograms cut I in Sfchl, silver, and Htoiic. Note the address, J W. G. J, Edgar, East street, lieokhainptou. Tim Garden of Eden. — Mauy erudite: volumues liavp(ivi'itoa tiio A't. James's Gazelle )' ! been' written itborit' trio exact locality of tlie Garden of Eiluri j'brit ripno of them Is more intemrtilfg or more fitnriful than tho tlioory / lyrirked out by Geiiural. Gordou, and com- H7 muriicatod to . thff Universal llevbio by Mr. James Britten. That wondeif ill man, who, with all his practicability, bad so intenso a belief ill tlio mystical, fixed upon -the Sey chelles -Island- as tho seat of tlio I'aratliso, and upon the encn-ile- mc/, ofproublo- palm, as tlie fruit wliieh Eve was unable to- resist. The diagraniH, drawn by General! I Gordon, wliieh , accompany .the, article are curious indeed, aud plainly indicate that he iifctaeliott i( mystic and esoteric rather than,'- a I literal mcitning, to some of the details, of his ' discovery. For tlvreo conturies almost as many superstitions Inwu ocouiinilated around the coco-<le-mef as formerly clustevod around tlib mandrake ; , piid it is unfair to Goneral Gordon to Huppiiso'that 'he literally boliovoil , that Eve \vna unable to resist the towptatipri to oat ii roinarliably 'iridigostililo fruit., To his fervent mind these irinttors presented! tlioinsolvcs as an allegory j and it is us an allfigoiy thrit bis identification of tlio ddublb- palm. with the forbidden fruit must . lie regardod. . ,,,, ,1; ,r G.' Miller is selling firewood, cut and split to any length, at Gs. and 8s. per load. Koekhiunpton Permanent Mutual Benolit awl Building Sooicty's G7th morithly ' medfc- ing trill bo huld tliis ovoning at 8 o'clock. i»,K. PouikCB A Co. will -sell to-day, at 11, Mr.- George Wiseman's household furniture, also ori Friday at 11, a woll-improved froc- hohl pfioperliy. ' : : ' Women's Ohristiau Tcinporanoo Union moots this afteiti'AHJ in the Second; Presby terian Church at 3 lAtock. V„ Kockhampton Bevev'sdont Society wlu meet in tho School of Arts rit tb1?. ifter I noon. _ '<1 