THE NEW TREASURE HUNT. " ' " (feoit the xew seveew.1 Towards the end of this month a li tie ex pedition will sail from Southamton on one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novelists have en- gaged in. The destination of the expedition is (not to name it too particularly) "a tiny island, lying amidst "the i'oaiu of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And the object of the expedition is.to search rfor a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which s believed to have been buried on the island more than seventy years ago. An emprise so romantic, sending us right back into the days when the trade routes of tho sea were marked out by the blood which the pirates had spilled on them, seems delightfully out of keeping with an age in which the Stock Exchange or the Bourse is the chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pirates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, aud the expedition that-, is to sail in a few weeks' time will be a real treasure hunt: There is a history attaehed-to it already, and it is rather curious. Let. us begin -with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. -To put one's money by and make it breed, whioh financial people, doing a more or ; less legitimate business in .stocks and ; such tilings, consider a prudent policy, seems, on the whole, to have been one of- the most imprudent' policies when the 'business , was ' piraoy..; Wise pirates, when ' thev had , taken ' a , goodly prize, ran with it to the nearest safe port, and made themselves unrecognisably drunk on the proceeds. Hnllmited rum, and- an occa- sional stabbing bout, to keep their hands in against the . day. when business would he resumed, made tho pirates as happy as they wished to -be ; and when they had spent then- booty,' and recovered from the delirium tremens, they went on board again, ran up the " Jolly Roger," and waited for another 'prize. The foolish pirates were those who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surely as they did this, the next vessel they chanced upon was a man-of-war, which carried them home to be hanged, a dozen in a row. Deep sunk in many a desert isle, in many an ocean, there must be millions of pieces of eight, inoidores, and doubloons, and jewels and precious stones galore which the gentlemen of fortune who hid them there, and who have loug since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able to go back for. Hence the treasure/ hunts of days more ' enterprising ; but somehow the treasures were not unearthed. The island was touud, or tho spot on the mainland, but the chart u .lS not quite correct, or not quite correctly interpreted ; or provisions ran short heioie the booty could be dug up ; or a storm prevented the boats from Ending ; or tho crew mutinied; or the treasure - seekers quarrelled and slew each other— the spoil was never taken. The crew who laid away tho loot that the new expedition is to search for seem to huve been iu all respects a tyjiical gang of sea- robbers. They ran .out irom Southampton about seventy yosirs ago, in a smart schooner, excellently built for speed. There were Englishmen, Italians, Greeks, and a Turk — "hot boys, ail on 'em" — aud the skipper went by . the name of Old Helllire. Their ostensiole business was palm oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on board.- They shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laid the schooner away across the Western Ocean. Fever broke out amongst the "blacks," .the captain dosed them with laudanum, and the crew dropped thorn overboard. -When in liquor Captain Helllire used to take potshots at his moil with a pistol, and, as his aim was. fairly .goon,: he succeeded at last in peppering thum into a state ot high mutiny. They rose against him ono night, and two of the Greeks held him while one of tho English struck him through the back with a steel marliuspike. He was bundled into the sea ; the mate was sent over the side after him ; the skipper's murderer was voted captain in his place, aud the "Jolly Roger" replaced the English colours at the masthead. Running south, they caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded her, drowned tho crew, and emptied the 3hip of her rich contents.- There was a Jew dealer amongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted chiefly of diamonds and rubies, so that prize must have been -worth the taking. But these pirates were foolish. They sailed with their treasure to an uninhabited island kuowu to the captaiu, aud there they buried it. Their lncic, however, was not yet exhausted ; they took other vessels, Bast Indiamen aud some smaller ganfc, killing all crews and passengers, and always carrying the best of the plunder to their hiding-place on the isle. It was an apt spot to receive such blood- stained booty; an utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, unap proachable, except with the slull'ullost management of boa ts ; a lonely place, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter aud water, aud void of food for man. An ideal smnggery, however, for pirates' pluuder, and this cut-throat crew made a fine treasure island of it, if such there ever were. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for the fates were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen of fortune. More knowing hands would have run for the. States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed home innocently, divided up, aud lived gal lantly on the shares. The spoil of the Portu guese sloop would have made gentlemen of them all. Some of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whose cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a trifle more, and he always had his way. And so it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indiaman, and were tackled themselves. It was not often that the East Indiamen of those days showed their teeth when the erossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (never in working order), and a few cast-iron niue- pounders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modem British bayonet. Yet these East Indiamen had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, and all other European markets. For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and pluckily manned. She faced the robbers, ran out hor guns, and gave them a brisk good-day ; shot away their rudder, splintered their masts, and brought the rigging about their ears. Then: she boarded, put the shackles on the twenty pirates who had survived the engage ment, which took them off and lo wered them into her own hold,, where they had time, to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The - twentieth contrived to get his neck clear, and in duo time made ilis way home to England. He was alive a few years ago, in the North Country, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. He was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the- treasure island where the jewels lay hidden. He had made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the position of the treasure, with good cross-bearings. But he could never raise sufficient money to pro vision so much as a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, cross-hearings, and drawings ; and the first chapter of th romance closes here. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasure- seekers, and success is assuredly far from being a certainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasure has not been already removed ? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to believe that, after the nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known to anyone ex cept the twentieth who survived, and he appears to have kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chance remained to him of turning it to his own account. An assump tion more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of man. The putnicestone and scoria on the mountain ous volcanic rock slips steadily, and the drop pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus above the sunken hull. But this is in all likelihood the chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to be undergone ; and with the exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the wreck. - 