The Sydney Morning Herald. WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1889. IN the eighth paper on "Irrigation in Aus- tralia," which appears in this issue, our special reporter, who recently travelled along the River Murray, brings his work to a close. The ir- rigation work on pastoral properties at Gun- bower and Murray Downs is described, and full particulars of the Swan Hill Irrigation Trust are furnished. PRINCESS BEATRICE has given birth to a son. THE Governor will hold a levee at Government House on Thursday, in honour of the anniversary of the Queen'a birthday. THE Berlin journals contain laudatory references to the King of Italy, in honour of whose visit to the Emperor of Germany Berlin has been gaily deco- rated. NEARLY 800,000 persons viBsited the Paris Ex- hibition on Sunday. IN satisfaction of the claim for £100,000 brought by Mr. Parnell against the Times for libel, the sum of 40s. has been paid into Court. THE Government of the United States has been urged by Admiral Kimberley to issue rations to the Samoans. THE strike of colliers in Westphalia has ended in the masters conceding an advance of from 20 to 30 per cent in the rate of wages. The men on strike in Silesia refuse to entertain the offers made to them for a settlement of the matters in dispute. THE troops have been called out to suppress a rising which occurred among the peasantry in Lombardy. THE House of Lords has by a large majority thrown out a bill to qualify women to sit as mem- bers of county councils. THE British exhibitors at the recent Melbourne Exhibition complain of the delay there has been in forwarding to them the official list of the awards. SIR HENRY and Lady Loch intend to visit the Governor-General of Canada. MR. PRITCHARD MORGAN'S motion protesting against levying royalties on gold- mining in Wales has been negatived by the House of Commons. THE owner of the Baccarat Club, upon which the London police made a raid and there arrested three lords and a number of gamblers, has been fined £500. Those who were arrested were dis- charged. M. HENRI ROCHEFORT, the Boulangist, has been bound over to keep the peace for a period of six months for having attempted to shoot a French- man in London. THE adherents of Ishak Khan, the leader of the suppressed rebellion against the Ameer of Afghanistan, are being compelled to leave that country. MR. DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, the English novelist, intends to visit Australia on a lecturing tour. MR. J. L. CAREW, one of the Irish representa- tives in the House of Commons, who was impri- soned under the Crimes Act, has been released, in consequence of continued ill-health. THE prices obtained at the Antwerp wool sales show an advance of 10 centimes on Buenos Ayres wool, and an advance of 15 centimes on Monte Video samples. BARON DE WORMS states that the Imperial Government is fully alive to the importance of re- taining the Sugar Convention, which has already been accepted by seven out of the eight great bounty Powers. MB. ROBERT WALLACE, Professor of Agriculture in the Edinburgh University, is a passenger by the R. M.S. Orizaba. Mr. Wallace intends to make a tour of Australia and New Zealand for the purpose of investigating the characteristics of agriculture in the colonies. SIR HENRY PARKES announced in the Assembly last night that a consultation took place yesterday in reference to the allegations made against Mr. John Davies, as chairman of the Casual Labour Board, but no definite result had been arrived at. The matter will be considered by the Government to-day. THE Postmaster-General, in reply to a question as to whether letters addressed to Mr. Deasy. M.P., one of the Irish delegates, had been opened in the Post Office, said that he had informed Mr. Deasy that if he would make a charge against any official in the Post Office the fullest inquiry would be made and due punishment be awarded for such infamous conduct. Mr. Deasy had since written to say that he did not wish to proceed further in the matter. Mr. O'Connor added that Mr. Deasy produced about a dozen letters which had been opened somewhere and one letter bore evidence of having been opened in this colony. MR. EDDY, in reply to the deputation represent- ing the City Railway Extension League, pointed out that if the proposed line went between Clarence street and George-street, the whole of one side of George-street would lie taken and in addition, the Town Hall and the Cathedral would have to come down. MR. EDDY, in reply to a deputation representing the Newcastle Chamber of Commerce, said that the duplication of the hydraulic machinery at the Dyke will receive attention ; the erection of the electric light on the Dyke, the Queen's Wharf and at the station has been arranged for, and the erection of steam cranes at thn Dyke is already in hand and will be completed as soon as possible. THE rain record for New South Wales is :Mode- rate to heavy generally, except in coast districts north of Hunter River; heaviest on the Upper Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, and Murray rivers, where from 1in. to 1½in. has fallen. MR. J. H. WANT stated in the Assembly last night that the bed of the entrance to Port Hacking consisted of nothing but quick sands, which shifted from day to day at every alteration in the wind and weather, and tiny attempt to make a channel there would be frittering money away. CHARLES WOOTTON, one of the crew of H.M.S Orlando, fell between the vessel and a launch, he was crushed so severely that he died. IN the Stock and Share market yesterday, Savwell's Tobacco shares sold at a higher price, but other quotations were without change. In the Import markets a steady business was done. The Customs revenue amounted to £7912 14s. 5d. A SELECT committee has been appointed to inquire into and report upon the working of the Fisheries Act with which Sir Henry Parkes states that he is dissatisfied. IN opening the Queensland Parliament, Sir Henry Norman said that he had been greatly im- pressed with the evidences of the progress and prosperity, the magnitude and importance of the natural resources, products, and industries of the colony. THE total visible supply of beet sugar is estim- ated at 960,000 tons, and the estimate for the current campaign shows a surplus of 288,000. MR. ALEXANDER GRAY, acting-consul for the Netherlands at Sydney, has been created a Knight of the Netherlands Order of the Lion. MR. GOTTON is an applicant for the position of adviser to the Victorian Government in the matter of the proposed sewerage scheme for Melbourne. Mr. Gotton is the engineer of the drainage system at Rio de Janeiro. THE Mayor of Sydney was yesterday presented with an illuminated address from the aldermen, thanking bim for his services as Mayor during the year 1888. THE Mines Department has refused to grant per- mission to mine for natural gas at Ultimo. TYPHOID fever is reported to be prevalent in Echuca and Moama. PRIVATE GROAT, of the Orange Volunteers has, in his musketry course, made 140 points out of a possible 160. This is the highest score yet made in the musketry course in the colony. JOHN SCOTT, a hunter at the Yorong Creek rail way station, has died from the effects of injuries he received by being run over by a passing train. THE Premier says that he has not authorised the issue of free railway passes to any one to go into the country. DURING the past month the births of 284 chil- dren were registered in Sydney, and in the suburbs 785 births were registered. In Sydney the deaths numbered 200 and in the suburbs 412. ON the St. James's railway line, Victoria, two chains of ballaat have been washed away, owing to which a train narrowly escaped being wrecked. THE jury which has been inquiring into the fire at the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne, has found that there is no evidence to show how the fire origi- nated. THE Tasmanian agricultural statistics show a large increase in the total acreage yields as compared with the previous returns. Dealers in mining shares will find much to interest them in the case THOMPSON and another v. DAUNT, which was decided in the Supreme Court on Monday and reported in yesterday's Herald, for it settles a question of liability that must be frequently arising in connection with share transactions. The plaintiffs, who are sharebrokers, had, under instructions from the defendant, pur- chased for him 100 Cosgrove Broken Hill silver-mining shares. These shares stood on the register of the company in the name of Mr. CLIVE SMITH, but he had previously sold them to Messrs. SOUTTAR and HOARE, who again had sold them to Mr. MULLENS, another sharebroker, and from him they were purchased by Mr. THOMPSON for the defendant. For the purposes of the action Mr. THOMPSON was regarded as having purchased them and then sold them to the defendant. About a fortnight after this last transaction the defendant sold the shares to some one else ; and after he had done so and parted with the scrip, calls to the amount of about £30 became due. These were paid by THOMPSON in accordance with the rules or usage of the Stock Exchange. Whether any application had been made to preceding holders does not appear. If Mr. CLIVE SMITH, as the registered owner, had paid the money he would have been entitled to recover from SOUTTAR and HOARE, and they in turn from MULLENS. At any rate THOMPSON, being the next in the line, paid, and then sued the defendant DAUNT (who disputed the claim), for the amount. The action was brought in the District Court, and judgment was given for the de- fendant with costs. The plaintiffs then moved in the Supreme Court to have the verdict set aside and entered for the plain- tiffs, and this the Court unanimously decided to do. The case appears to have been carefully considered in the District Court, and was fully argued in the Court of Appeal. There was this peculiarity attaching to it, that, whereas the District Court JUDGE relied upon a decided case which gave him authority for saying that the purchaser of the shares, having parted with them, was not liable to his vendor, the Supreme Court held that the decision in this case was not the law, because in a number of subsequent cases in which it had been cited it had been overruled. It was contended for the defendant that there was no contract on his part, express or implied, to pay the amount of the calls before he had parted with the shares. For the plaintiffs it was argued, first, that there was an implied contract of indemnity, and next, that the plaintiff had paid the calls as defendant's agent, and was entitled to be reimbursed. We do not gather that this second point was decided by the Court, but the judgment was given upon the question of the implied contract of indemnity. The principle had been laid down with great clearness by Lord Justice BLACK- BURN :— " When there was the contract to purchase the shares from the the vendor there was also an implied contract that the vendee would hold the vendor harmless from all the burdens of the property which he had taken from the vendor." The vendee gets through the purchase the benefits attaching to the property he has bought, and from that arises the implication that he agrees to relieve the vendor of the burdens to which the latter had previously been liable. Under the operation of this principle, when there are a number of transferors and transferees who have dealt with the property in succession after the person in whose name the scrip is regis- tered, each vendor has a successive right of action against the vendee to whom he has sold the shares, so that at the last the money has to be paid by the actual holder. The fact that the defendant in this case disputed the claim made against him, and that his refusal to pay was upheld by the District Court Judge on the strength of a recorded decision, may be referred to as showing that the principles governing these transactions have not been fully recog- nised. On the other hand, the rule or usage of the Stock Exchange, under which the plaintiffs paid the calls, seems to be evi- dence that those principles have not been wholly overlooked. How far this decision will be a cause of surprise, it would, therefore, be difficult to guess. One thing, however, is clear, viz., that persons who have been trafficking in shares, without a knowledge of the liabilities they might be incurring, may be exposed to the risk of nome inconvenience or embarrass- ment. But now that the law has been laid down clearly, there should be no great cause of trouble. As the liability, where there is a succession of buyers and sellers, passes on from one to another, there should be no occasion for loss. Loss can only occur where an attempt is made to interfere with the regular course of the law. Every- body who purchases shares should ascer- tain for himself whether any calls, or want calls, are likely to be made upon them ; just as a prudent man on entering into a con- tract to rent a house will first ascertain whether there are any arrears of rates which he may be required to pay. It appears that in this case there was contention that a special contract had been entered into, but it was unsupported by evidence. We apprehend that any man who purchases shares with a view to selling them again, and who does not wish to incur the liability of an implied indemnity con- tract, can protect himself by requiring his vendor to enter into a special contract for that purpose. If insistance upon this con- dition affected the price to be paid for the shares, that would be evidence that the freedom from liability had an appreciable value. From which it would follow that the implication of a con- tract of indemnity which exists in the absence of any special contract to a contrary effect, is not only an essential part of every ordinary contract, but an element to be considered alike by buyers and sellers. If it is left out of considera- tion on either side and inconvenience follows as a consequence, that is a matter of personal responsibility with which the principle of law now laid down by the Court cannot be held chargeable. The probability is that any attempt to set up a different principle by legislation, even if it were possible, would cause greater interference with the course of business, and in the long run greater inconvenience to parties interested in transactions of this nature. The chief point is, that people should see clearly what may be before them. It may be a question open to discussion whether mining enterprise is as a rule promoted, or whether its progress is retarded, by provid- ing full facilities for traffic in shares ; but at any rate it is well, where this traffic has reached large dimensions, and many people are interested in it, that the legal conditions under which it is carried on should be set clear as far as possible from uncertainty. The City Railway question has been narrowed a good deal by the conference which took place on Monday between the Commissioners and the representatives of the League. For years past the desirable- ness of extending the railway from Redfern to the city, if not to Circular Quay, has been generally admitted ; the only point about which any serious difference of opinion has existed is the route which the line should take. Innumerable schemes have been suggested, but latterly attention has been directed mainly to two proposals, one of which contemplates the establishment of a passenger station in Hyde Park, near King- street, while the other would place the station to the west of George-street. These were the routes discussed at Monday's interview; and if we are to have a city railway at all, it is probable that one or the other will have to be chosen. The members of the League were appar- ently prepossessed in favour of the western route ; but the reasons given by Mr. EDDY in favour of the Hyde Park scheme .had great weight, and the deputation before retiring expressed its willingness to have the views of the Commissioners carried into effect. The representatives of the League also seemed to be contented with the proposal to bring the railway into the heart of the city in the first instance, and leave its extension to Circular Quay for a future day. Whatever may be thought as to the merits of the routes, it must be ad- mitted that the Commissioners have brought a great deal of intelligence and common sense to bear upon the question. They have picked out the north-west corner of Hyde Park as the most suitable site for a central passenger station, and everyone will admit that the situation has much to recommend it. There is an objection, of course, to cutting into a reserve which has been set apart for the recreation of the people, but it may be possible to press this objection too far. Mr. EDDY regards the objection as a sentimental one, pointing out that the area of the park- lands in the neighbourhood — he includes the Outer Domain — is very large indeed. it is also to be considered, as we are re- minded by a member of the deputation, that very recently the Centennial Park has been created, a fact which may be legitimately taken into account. But in the eyes of some people nothing will justify the occupation of any part of Hyde Park for railway purposes. It is one of the lungs of the city, they will, say, it has been given to the people for their use, and it ought not to be taken away from them. On the other hand there are many who will say that the western part of the city is so important that the line should be carried in that direction. There is force in both objections, but in the opinion of the Commissioners the arguments in favour of the King-street route as against the western route must prevail, for the best of all reasons — one scheme is practicable, while the other is not. The claims of the western part of the city have not been overlooked, but if a railway line were carried in that direction, and a station erected at a convenient spot, the amount required to compensate the property holders whose land would be re- sumed would be so enormous that the country could not possibly pay it. " Assuming that the line went between George and Clarence streets," says Mr. EDDY, " the whole of one side of George- street would have to be taken, between the Markets and King-street, and then to Clarence-street. The Town Hall would have to come down, and the Cathedral, because the station must be on a level." To resume all this property some millions of money would have to be expended in compensation ; and if this had to be done Mr. EDDY is confident that there would never be any railway into the city. This statement places the western route in a very unfavourable light ; in fact, it puts it out of the question. The Hyde Park route, on the contrary, is quite practicable, and what is more, the Commissioners are satisfied that they could make it pay. In saying this we suppose they mean that, the net returns from the traffic would be at least sufficient to meet the interest on the money expended in constructing the line and resuming, private property. A railway station in Hyde Park would also, it is stated, be convenient for the bulk of the traffic, and this is a point about which there can be very little difference of opinion. There is another alternative — the construction of an underground line — but the Commissioners are strongly opposed to any plan of that sort ; in fact they refuse to have anything whatever to do with an underground line. Mr. EDDY has a double objection to this class of railway : it is uncomfortable and disagreeable, and it is not likely to pay. In London, the chairman of the Commission says, it is almost suffocating to travel by the underground railways, and notwithstanding the immense popula- tion, these lines do not pay. As to whether an underground railway would be popular in Sydney or not, there can hardly be two opinions. If we had such a contrivance people would use it as little as possible, und it would be many years before the line paid, if it paid at all. The underground idea may be dismissed from consideration. Practically we are brought to this position, that we have to decide between the western route and the Hyde Park route. The cost of the former seems to put it beyond out reach, while to the latter there ap- pears to be only one serious objection the invasion of a reserve which, the people regard as their own. The objection is something more than a sentimental one, but it may be questioned whether the public will not gain more than it loses by giving up a portion of Hyde Park for the purposes of a city railway station. There is certainly a great deal to be said in favour of the plan recommended by the Commissioners. Mr. EDDY and his colleagues seem to hesi- tate about carrying the line right through to Circular Quay. The thing will have to be done some day, they admit, but they con- sider it prudent to wait for five or ten years. Mr. EDDY looks ahead, and he anticipates a great expansion of business, and a great expansion of traffic. It will be necessary, he thinks, at a time not far distant, to remove all goods traffic from Circular Quay to the higher ports of the harbour, and then the railway might be brought with advantage to the water's edge. He is strongly opposed to the idea of a railway to Circular Quay for both goods and pas- sengers, and his objections are not likely to be disputed. It will be a disappointment to many people if the passenger line is not brought at once to Circular Quay, but if we got a railway into the heart of the city within a reasonable time, we shall have reason to be thankful. The cable published yesterday announc- ing that a murderer is to be executed by electricity in New York next month, is the expected sequel to the information con- tained in our American Letter some time ago that the New York Legislature was contemplating the passage of a law permitting execution after this fashion. It is like the United States it is like New York — to lead the world in this matter. The American is never satis- fied unless he is first in the field, unless he is attempting something new. He has all the love of the Frenchman for sensation, with perhaps more of the sympathetic sense. To save unnecessary pain, to save the unpleasantness of the scaffold and the ugly rope, is the force behind this law. There is a growing tendency to commiserate with criminals, to find excuses for them, to secure the commuta- tion of death sentences. If it sprang from a desire to find another and as effectual means of justice it would not appear to be unreasonable. But it arises without doubt from a certain sensitiveness to horror which is not so apparent in the case of a horror already performed as in one to be performed. There is a morbid curiosity to read and discuss ter- rible murders, and there is generally a unanimous cry for vengeance upon the murderer ; but once the law has set its penalty upon him the tide of feeling runs back, and any number of people can be found to seek for the commutation of the death penalty. In the United States it is a difficult thing to secure the passing of a death penalty, and when it is secured, there is a difficulty in getting it enforced. Perhaps the genteel fashion of death by electricity may not shock those people who mistake the fastidiousness of the nerves for mercy, and the death penalty, in New York State at least, may not have to many opponents. There can be no doubt that the electric death machine will work satisfactorily. It will have the merit of never failing, and never bungling in its work as the gallows sometimes does. It will be, as DUMAS puts it, " a neat dispatch ; " but that being granted, one use of the rope and scaffold is gone. They are supposed to act to some extent as a deterrent to crime. It is pos- sible that the degrading, the shameful nature of the punishment has its effect upon the criminally-minded. With the electric death the possibility of that will be gone. At any rate, America is about to test the matter for the world. The announcement by cable that three doctors have been arrested on a charge of having caused the death of Mr. IRVING- BISHOP the thought-reader, is a matter that will interest many more than the members of the medical profession. The arrest was made at the instance of the widow, who declared that her husband was simply in a trance, a thing, according to her statement, not unusual to him. Those who knew any- thing of the career of Mr. IRVING-BISHOP will remember that he went somewhat fur- ther than Mr. STUART CUMBERLAND in his theories and, it might be said, pretensions. He regarded his peculiar work as thought reading actually, not muscle-rending, as his confrère, or rather rival, was frank enough to term it. He held to the idea that he could pass into a trance-state, if not at will, at least under certain condi- tions ; and whether true or not, it has been affirmed by many others besides his wife that he was in a trance for several days at a time during his life. Trances in the minds of many are like ghosts and faith-healing — they are not believed in to any great extent ; yet we are con- stantly confronted with " well-attested cases," witnesses to which are ministers of religion and other good people, and an oc- casional medical man. The medical pro- fession, however, generally fight shy of expressing any belief in this sort of thing. In the case of IRVING-BISHOP the Coroner decided that the autopsy was illegal be- cause the relatives of the deceased had not given their consent to its performance. The development of the case will be watched with interest. In this age of scientific investigation, and scepticism as to anything that is not normal, the results of an inquiry such as is likely to be held in this instance will have some definite bearing upon the progress of science. The interest will be all the greater because the man and his theories were so well known, and because of the extraordinary circum- stances. The case is different from any- thing like malpractice or neglect, and will offer material for comment for some time to come. The general opinion will, of course, be that the autopsy was performed, upon a dead man ; and if this idea is held among laymen, it is much more likely to be maintained among medical men, though even medical men a hundred years ago would have been considered as strangely unscientific and unskilled if they did not believe in trances. The religious biogra- phies and books of that time were filled with tales of trances and visions seen and presages of events. What was unorthodox and unscientific then is orthodox and scientific now. THE English mails to 12th April, by the Long Sea route and 19th, via Italy, per Orient Com- pany's steamer Orizaba, will be due to-morrow, Thursday, in time for delivery at about 2 p.m. His Excellency the Governor will hold a levee at Government House on Thursday, the 28rd instant, in honor of the Queen's Birthday. Gentlemen who hold the card of private entree are requested to assemble in the red drawing-room at 11 45 a.m., and those who represent the public bodies in the verandah at the same hour. The general public are requested to assemble about noon, and will be presented immediately after the public bodies. The arrangements in connection with the levee will be the same as those of last year. LORD and Lady Delamere, with their daughters, the Hon. Sybil Cholmondely and Lady Evelyn Reynolds Moreton, were passengers for Wellington by the Union Steamship Company's steamer Hauroto, which left here yesterday. THE business paper of the Legislative Council for to-day commences with two question. Then there is a notice of motion by Mr. W. H. Suttor to restore to the paper the Land, Crops, and Stock Returns Bill, which lapsed through a count-out. There are two orders of the day in Government business, being the second readings of the Public Works Act Amendment Bill and the Sydney Central Police Court Bill. In general business there are four notices of motion. The first, by Dr. Bowker, is for papers in the case of a Chinaman named On Ling; the second, by Mr Creed, is for papers relative to the state of the guns at Steel Point Battery; the third by Mr. Cox, is in favour of the repeal of the Pastures and Stock Protection Act and the Amend- ing Act : the last is by Mr. Humphery, to refer the Leconfield Coalmine Railway Bill to a select committee. The only other business on the paper is the third reading of the Oakey Park Coal-mining Company's Railway Bill. AT a meeting of the Executive Council held yesterday, under the presidency of his Excellency the Governor, the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the working of the late Casual Labour Board was granted an extension of a fortnight to enable them to conclude their labours and bring up their report. The Commission held its last meeting for the taking of evidence yesterday, under the presidency of Mr. A. J. Cape, M.A. Amongst the witnesses examined were Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. J. F. Burns. AT a meeting of the Executive Council held yesterday the following public holidays were approved:— District of Cooma, Friday, the 3lst instant ; Bourke, Wednesday, the 29th, and Friday, the 31st instant; Condobolin, Wednesday, the 31st July. AT a meeting of the Cabinet held yesterday forenoon the question of the sentences passed on the Brookong shearers was under consideration. This matter, it may be stated has been anxiously con- sidered by the Minister for Justice, who deemed it of sufficient importance to submit to his colleagues. We understand that, as the result of yesterday's deliberation, the Government do not intend to miti- gate the sentences. WHEN the Legislative Assembly met yesterday the Speaker announced that his Excellency had assented in the name of her Majesty to the North Shore Drainage Bill and the Church of England Property Trust Bill. The 11 questions on the notice-paper were asked and answered. Mr. McMillan gave notice of his intention to take the necessary steps towards pass- ing a Temporary Supply Bill for the month of May. Sir Henry Parkes moved and carried a motion to the effect that the House at its rising on Thursday do adjourn until the following Tues- day. Mr. Sydney Smith, in reply to Mr. Lyne, said he would be prepared on the following day to make a statement with reference to the report with regard to the Murray waters. Some petitions having been presented, Mr. Crick asked what course the Government intended take with regard to Mr. John Davies. Sir Henry Parkes said the matter had been under the consideration of the Cabinet that day, and the Crown Solicitor was in attend- ance, and a consultation took place with that gentle- man and Mr. Pilcher, with no very definite result, but the matter would be reconsidered on the following day. Mr. A. Brown brought in a bill to prohibit the publication of pro- ceedings in courts of law of an obscene or indecent nature. Mr. Dibbs put a question to the Post master- General as to whether certain letters ad- dressed to Mr. Deasy, M.P., had been opened before delivery to that gentleman. Mr. O'Connor admitted that one letter addressed to Mr. Deasy had been opened in the colony, but by whom he could not say. A most searching inquiry would be made. Mr. Chanter asked the Colonial Secretary when he would give him the opportunity to go on with his motion for a select committee to inquire into the conduct of Judge Windeyer. Sir Henry Parkes replied that he was not satisfied that the appoint- ment of a select committee was the proper pro- cedure. He was prepared to give the hon. member every facility in proceeding with the proper mode of dealing with a Judge. THE Legislative Assembly yesterday passed two motions as formal, one by Mr. Kidd, for copies of papers in reference to the proposed railway from Blacktown to Blayney, and the other the third reading of the Silkstone Coal-mine Railway Bill. Mr. Nicoll inquired what steps the Government were taking to assist the colony of Western Australia to obtain responsible government. Sir Henry Parkes said some correspondence had passed, but the Government of Western Australia intimated that they would prefer that the other Governments should not interfere. At a subsequent stage of the proceedings Mr. Hassall put a question without notice to the Colonial Secretary as to the granting of free passes to the unemployed to Narrabri, the result of which was, he said, burglaries and rob- beries all over the district. Sir Henry Parkes said he had authorised the issuing of no passes of the kind, but he would make inquiries. Mr. Nicoll put a question to the Minister for Works, which was totally inaudible in the gallery. Mr. Bruce Smith, in reply, stated that the Government had received between £7000 and £8000 for reclama- tions at Darling Island. YESTERDAY Mr. Frank Farnell had no less than five motions on the paper. The first of these was for a select committee to inquire into the working of the Fisheries Act. Sir Henry Parkes affirmed that our fisheries were practically inex- haustible ; but he was not satisfied with the working of the Act, and would not oppose the motion for a select committee. Mr. Chanter called attention to the necessity for protecting the fish in the fresh-water rivers of the interior, and Mr. Abigail pointed out the way in which the oyster beds were being destroyed. The motion was agreed to. The next motion by Mr. Farnell was in favour of the construction of a tramway to the Field of Mars Common and Hyde. Mr. Bruce Smith pro- mised to have the matter brought before the Public Works Committee. He admitted that a distinct promise of a tramway had been made when the land was sold. After some debate, the motion was withdrawn. Mr. Farnell then moved that the practice of running special trams and trains for the convenience of hon. members, after the ordinary trams and trains have ceased running, should be discontinued. Strange to say, this self-denying resolution fell through for want of a seconder, and Mr. Farnell, in reply to some ironical cheers, said he did not care, as he had performed a public duty. The hon. member next moved for leave go into committee to consider the matter of placing on the Estimates the sum of £500 to obtain surveys and reports on the best means of improving the entrance to Port Hacking. Mr. Want declared that the money asked for would be thrown away. After some discussion, the motion was negatived on division by 36 to 20. Mr. Farnell's last resolution was for the discontinuance of the present system of asking and answering questions in the Legislative Assembly, but this was withdrawn, as the Standing Orders Committee had already dealt with the matter. PRIVATE members of the Legislative Assembly seemed decidedly inclined to get on with their busi- ness yesterday and dealt with a larger number of motions than they have discussed on any one occa- sion during the present session, and the questions debated were on very diverse subjects. Mr. Wall moved that the Mining Act should be so amended as to impose a uniform rental on all gold- mining and mineral leases, such rental not to exceed 5s. per acre per annum, his object being to place all leaseholders on an equality. Mr. Sydney Smith said the Government were considering the matter, and he asked the hon. member to withdraw the motion which he consented lo do. Mr. Waddell moved that it is desirable to sub- mit to the Public Works Committee, for their inspection and report, all rival routes of railways designed to connect towns with existing railwavs of which trial surveys hive been made. Mr. Bruce Smith opposed the motion, as it would entail the giving up of the proper responsibility of the Government. He further contended that the present system effectually prevented anything like political railways. Mr. Thompson raised the point of order that the duties of the committee were defined by the Act of 1888 and that this motion was out of order, as seeking to alter a statute. The Speaker decided that the House was in order in discussing almost any conceivable question. The motion was dis- cussed at great length, Sir Henry Parkes strongly denouncing it. The motion was negatived on a division of 25 to 17. Being now past 11 o'clock, no new business could be taken : but a discussion arose on the motion for the adjournment, involving all kinds of subjects, and leading to some speeches of a decidedly farcical nature. It was nine minutes past midnight before the House rose. IT will be remembered that during the debate on the purchase of Darling Island in the Legislative Assembly some time ago Mr. Lyne stated that he had been informed on good authority that Mr. Munro, the partner in business of Mr. McMillan, was a member of the syndicate referred to in connec- tion with the island. This was strenuously denied at the time by Mr. McMillan. who is acting for his partner in that gentleman's abence from the colony. On a subsequent occasion Mr. Lyne stated that his informant was Mr. Alexander Brown, member for Newcastle. Last night, however, Mr. Brown rose in his place in the Assembly, and said he found he had been misinformed with regard to Mr. Munro's connection with the affair, conse- quently be entirelv withdrew the statement THE Minister for Mines stated in the Legis- lative Assembly yesterday that it was the intention of the Government to introduce as early as possible a new Mining Bill and regulations, to remedy many of the evils existing under the present Act. The Minister is also making arrangements which will greatly expedite the issuing of leases. WHILE the discussion on the motion for the adjournment of the House was proceeding in the Legislative Assembly last night, Mr. Melville brought under the notion of the Government a nuisance that had been very palpable in the early part of the evening. A company of volunteers had been practising in the Domain preparatory to the Queen's Birthday review, and the noise made by their firing of the fue-de-joie was at once startling and annoying to hon. members. Some whose ears for music are perhaps defective considered the mar- tial strains of the bagpipes equally unpleasant. Mr. Melville pointed out that Moore Park, which was not very far off, ought to bs used for these per- formances, and Mr. McMillan, on behalf of the Government promised to take steps in the matter. THE Minister for Mines (Mr. Sydney Smith) has received a report from Mr. McMordie, one of the engineers of the Department of Roads and Bridges, who was appointed to inquire into the question of the Murray waters. Mr. McMordie was appointed by the late Government chiefly at the instance of Mr. W. J. Lyne, when he was Minister for Lands. Special instructions were given him to ascer- tain how far the reports were true which had been circulated as to the diversion of the waters of the Murray by the Victorian Govern- ment and by private enterprise. He was also instructed to examine very carefully and to report upon what works had been carried out for the diversion of the waters, and any other matters which might come under his notice and which he considered ought to be reported upon. The report, it is understood, contains some important informa- tion upon the subjects inquired into, and it is the Minister's intention to lay it upon the table of the House as soon as it has boen considered. MESSRS. BURNS AND CULLEN, members for St Lennards, brought under the notice of the Minister for Works yesterday the movement at Pittwater for the erection of a public wharf at Newport. They presented an influentially-signed petition in favour of the erection of a wharf at Sunnyside, and stated that another petition, praying that the wharf be erected at the foot of Queen's-parade, in the same quarter, had been sent to the Minister for Lands. Mr. Bruce Smith promised to make the necessary inquiries as to the necessity for the wharf, and to let the deputation know the result. MESSRS. Farnell and Nobbs, Ms.L,A., had an interview yesterday with the Minister for Works with a view to getting a report as to dredging. Duck River and placing a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose. The Minister promised to favour- ably consider the request. THE Minister for Mines is highly satisfied with the condition of the quarantine grounds at Shark Island and Bradley's Head. The principal object of his visit on Monday was to fee for himself what the arrangements were for the reception of sheep and cattle, in view of the approaching sheep sales in Juna and July. The animals now in quarantine wore all found to be in a fine healthy condition. The Minister sees no necessity for any change in the arrangements. THE officials in the Mines Department dealt yesterday with the last batch of applications received up to the present for seed wheat for distribution amongst distressed farmers. Between 1400 and 1500 applications have come into the office, and the quantity distributed is upwards of 40,000 bushels. Only a few more applications are expected to be received, as the sowing season in most districts is nearly over. GREAT complaints were made by miners of the delay in obtaining their refunds in cases where their applications for leases were refused, as in many cases they had to wait for months before they received the money that was justly due to them. The mining community will no doubt greatly appreciate the action lately taken by the Minister for Mines, whereby these refunds ate now promptly made. A DEPUTATION, consisting of Mr. James Burns (Burns. Philp, and Co.), the Rev. James Cosh (secretary to the Dayspring Mission Board), and Mr. W. Robertson (representing the Aneityum Sawmill Company), were introduced to the Premier by Mr. Inglis, M.L.A., rejecting an inter-insular steamer service among the islands of the New Hebrides. Mr. Burns stated that the object of the deputation was to ask the Go- vernment to subsidise a steamer to run between the islands. There was already a subsidy of £1200 per annum in respect of a steamer trading between this colony and the islands, and it was hoped that the Government might see fit to double the amount, so as to warrant the new undertaking. The Australasian United Steam Navigation Company, which he represented, had been guaranteed about £1500 or £1600 per annum by the missionaries of the New Hebrides ; but as the probable cost of running a steamer as proposed would be about £5000 or £6000 a year, the company did not feel justified in starting the project without promise of further aid. vIf the steamer were run, it would, of course, be arranged that it should fall in with the oceangoing steamer, and the trade would therefore be secured to Sydney.v Appli- cation had already been made, but unsuccessfully, to Sir John Thurstan (High Commissioner for the Western Pacific) and Mr. Romilly (British Consul at the New Hebrides)v for assistance. The new steamer would supersede the Dayspring, which was now in a very poor condition, and would touch at about 25 or 30 stations. Sir Henry Parkes said he would bring the matter before the Government, and see what they had to say about the matter. He would take an early opportunity of bringing the matter before the Cabinet THE deputations which, according to appoint- ment should wait upon the Colonial Secretary and Minister for Works to-morrow have been postponed, on account of the levee at Government House. Those arranged by the Colonial Secretary's Depart- ment will be received next week; but those fixed by the Department of Works have been postponed for a fortnight, on account of the opening of the Cooma railway to-morrow week. A NUMBER of the unemployed waited about the precincts of the office of the Minister for Works yesterday forenoon, seeking an interview with the Minister, for the purpose of urging the need for the opening up of more public works without delay. The Minister being engaged in Cabinet, the Under- secretary made himself acquainted with the wants of the men, and arranged for an interview in the afternoon. The men on being received by Mr. Smith urged upon him the desirability of pressing on with some further works at Shea's Creek. The Minister informed them that no time would be lost in opening up more work there. THE report of the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the charges made in the Legislative Assembly against Mr. Fehon, Railway Commis- sioner, has now been completed by his Honor Judge Murray, and will probably be sent in to the Premier to be forwarded to his Excellency the Governor to-day or to-morrow. It is understood that the report exonerates Mr. Fehon from the charges made against him. The time of the Com- mission, it may be pointed out, expired on the 20th instant but although the report is not yet in the hands of the Governor, it was completed within the time for which the extension was granted. THE Bega and Queanbeyan companies of the Mounted Infantry, who were unable to take part in the recent encampment at National Park, and thereby lost the benefits of the continuous system of training, will go into camp near the Paddington rifle range on the 7th of next month for a period of 10 days' instruction. The camp will be pitched on the ground between the rifle range and the Association Cricket Ground, that piece now used for exercising the permanent body of Mounted Infantry. The two partially-paid companies named will be joined by the Permanent Force, making in all about 150 men and a like number of horses. The 5th (Scottish) Regiment was paraded in the Domain last evening under Captain Peirce. They appeared for the first time in kilts, which arrived a few days ago in the Orient steamship Oroya, and were distributed to the men yesterday. The new dress is a great improvement on the trews or trousers, and will be worn at the review on the Queen's Birthday. After going through various movements and practising the feu-de-jois, they were marched as far as the Town Hall and there dismissed. AT the meeting of the City Council yesterday the Mayor was presented with a beautifully illumi- nated address, containing a vote of thanks unani- mously carried by the Council at a meeting in January last, on the motion of Alderman Chapman, seconded by Alderman Lees. The motion was " That the thanks of the Council be conveyed to John Harris, Esq., for his very valuable and efficient services to the city as Mayor during the year 1888." Alderman Chapman in presenting the address, said he did so on behalf of the Alder- men and the citizens generally, whose confidence he was sure the Mayor enjoyed. The Mayor in expressing thanks said it was gratifying to hear that he had the confidence of the aldermen and the citizens. He had endeavoured to do his duty to his fellow-man as well as he possibly could, being guided always by the golden rule of life. THE subject of typhoid fever was brought under notice at the City Council meeting yesterday by Alderman Riley, who said that there had been a great deal of typhoid in Cook Ward, and particu- larly in Bourke-street, and that the citizens had the impression that the outbreak was due to the very un- pleasant effluvia emitted from the sewers through the open gratings. Several aldermen spoke on the subject and commented very strongly on the state of affairs. The Mayor pointed out that he gave instructions to the City Health Officer some time ago to report on the sewer shafts at the corner of Campbell and Macquarie streets, and shortly afterwards it was found that there were several cases of typhoid in the neighbourhood. The City Surveyor was also instructed to report on the matter, and having placed himself in communication with the Sewer- age Department, he was informed that the Govern- ment had no power to adopt the chimney system of ventilating shafts, and were seeking to get the power. The follow- ing is the report of the City Surveyor:— " City Surveyor's Department, 10th May, 1889. To his Worship the Mayor. Sir, — In accordance with your instructions to report ' upon the nuisance complained of by gases emitted from the ventilating shafts of the Government sewers, and thereupon suggest any remedial measure that can be effected with a view of removing the cause of complaint,' I have the honor to inform you that upon inquiry I learn that this subject is engaging the attention of the Government Sewerage Department, and imme- diately legislation confers the powers a system of ventilation will be vigorously prosecuted. A bill for this purpose is now before Parliament I have, &c.;, R. W. RICHARDS, City Surveyor." THE nominations for an alderman to fill the extraordinary vacancy for Surry Hills Ward, caused by the death of Mr. Peter Sutton, took place yester- day, at the Town Hall, Redfern. Only two candi- dates presented themselves for election, viz., Mr. George R. Parkes, nominated by Alderman Lees and Mr. Joseph J. Ritchie; and Mr. Dearin, nominated by Messrs. Patrick Stanley and Patrick O'Connor. A poll will be taken on Saturday. MONSIEUR VEELEYE, Consul for France in Sydney, recently received a letter from Paris in which he was informed that up to the last moment prior to tho opening of the Exhibition, a certain amount of space was reserved for New South Wales exhibits. No acceptance of this space was received either from the colonial Go- vernment or the Agent- General in London, and as a consequence it was handed over to Victoria. New South Wales is the only unrepre- sented Australian colony. At date of departure, the letter stated, fully 100,000 persons were attending the Paris Exhibition daily, and then many of the sections were only partly filled. Monsieur Verleye anticipates that by this time the daily attendance will have been very nearly doubled. THE steamship Ormuz, of the Orient Company's line, about which some inquiry was being made yesterday, is due at Plymouth on Saturday next. A cable is expected at the head office of the company here announcing her arrival within a day or two. Should she reach Plymouth on Saturday at latest (though it is ex- pected she will be there before) the news will reach here on Sunday. The Ormuz passed Suez on the 11th current, all well. THE Imperial German mail steamer Salier which left here yesterday for Bremen, followed close upon the departure of the company's steamer Hohen- slanfen. As a consequence, the demand for pas- senger accommodation and for cargo space was pro- portionately less than ordinarily. The principal lines in the cargo were metals and metalliferous ores. At a comparatively early date it may be looked for that the direct steamer service to Germany will be fortnightly instead of monthly. The principal agent for Australia for the Hamburg- Australian line, Mr, Von der Heyde, is in the colonies, actively engaged in arranging the preliminaries. Some particulars of this new line appeared in the columns of the Herald, and there seems to be an early pro- bability that the pioneer steamer from Hamburg will be ready for launching. It has long been apparent that German merchants purpose securing a larger share of commerce with Australia, and it may be taken that the new line, of which Mr. Von der Heyde is the representative here, is an earnest of that intention. THE London Missionary Society's schooner Harrier is to leave here for the islands in a few days. The little vessel has at some expense been altered to better adapt her for carrying the native teachers from place to place. The schooner will leave in charge of Captain Liljablad. ONE of the most important matters submitted to the Full Court for determination yesterday was the appeal of William Henry Morgan, manager of the Linwood coal mine, against the decision of the police magistrate and certain justices of the peace at Newcastle fining him for not giving one Robert Mason reasonable facilities to enable him to perform the duties of checkweigher. It appears that the miners, at a meeting held on the 19th February, appointed Mason checkweigher for them in the mine, but the duties were not to com- mence until the 25th of the same month. In the interval Morgan dismissed Mason for a contraven- tion of rule 24 of the company, and when Mason proceeded, on the 25th, to take his station as check- weigher the manager refused to allow him to remain. Morgan was thereupon summoned by the mining inspector for the district for a breach of the 20th section of the Coal Mines' Act, and fined £5. Against this decision be now appealed. The Court were unani- mously of opinion that the magistrates took an erroneous view of the law, and that, as Mason was not to take his " station " as checkweigher until the 25th February, and was dismissed from the company's employment some days previously, he could not be held to be in their employment, not- withstanding that the resolution to appoint him checkweigher had been adopted by the miners on the 19th February. The prohibition was granted with costs. THE principal case which came before his Honor Mr. Justice Owen in the Equity Court yesterday was that of the Imperial Land, Building, and In- vestment Company v. Savage, in which the plaintiff sought to enforce the specific performance of an alleged contract for the sale of a property known as Eastcourt, at Waverley. The property in question had been subsequently sold to Mr. J. J. Marshall and his wife, and had been transferred under the Real Property Act, hence these parties were also included as defendants in the suit His Honor found that no legal contract had been entered into for the sale of the property, and gave a verdict for the defendants. The case of Hunt v. Archer, an action with regard to a right-of-way at Burwood, was also commenced, but was not concluded when the Court rose. THE appeal of the defendant in the action Clarke v. Cowper presented one peculiar feature. It appears that the defendant is the Sheriff, and the action was brought against him by the plaintiff, Mrs. Clarke, for trespassing upon her land. The fact was, that a person named John Starkey, having previously obtained a verdict against Mrs. Clarke in an action of ejectment, the Sheriff, in the execution of the usual writ, entered upon the land and took possession of that portion pointed out to him by Starkey. Mrs. Clarke then brought an action against him, and, by consent, a verdict was given for 40s., with leave to refer the matter to the Full Court. In delivering judgment on the evidence in favour of the de- fendant yesterday, the Chief Justice took occasion to remark that, although the point had not been argued, he could not understand bow an action of the kind could be maintainable against the Sheriff, as he was simply acting under the writ, and that if any mistake was made, the responsibility rested with Starkey, and not with the Sheriff. The rule nisi for a new trial was made absolute, with costs. THE motion on behalf of William Charles Fal- lick, to make absolute a rule nisi under the 99th section of the Municipalities Act calling upon E. R. Halloran, an alderman of South Kingston Ward, Petersham, to show cause why he should not be ousted from his position on the ground that his election was illegally conducted, was argued yester- day. The rule also called upon John Wheeler, the mayor and returning officer, to show cause why he should not pay the costs of the application ; but as the respondent Halloran, who appeared in person, admitted that since he was served with the rule nisi he had sat and voted as an alderman of the borough, the Court intimated to him that if their decision was adverse to him he might have to pay the costs. The hearing was not concluded, and will be resumed this morning. HIS HONOR MR. JUSTICE WINDEYER sat for some time yesterday in Divorce, and disposed of a number of formal motions, principally in regard to the settlement of issues, payment of costs, and alimony, &c.; In the suits Comer v. Comer, Gray v. Gray, and Wilson v. Wilson, the decrees nisi for dissolu- tion of marriage were made absolute, and the mar- riages were declared dissolved accordingly. In the suit Russell v. Russell his Honor directed the case be tried before him with a jury. The petitioner (the husband) seeks to recover £5000 each against the two co-respondents in the suit . IN the case of Regina v. John Laity and Robert Allen, committed for trial to the next Wilcannia Quarter Sessions on a charge of sheep-stealing, the Attorney-General has declined to prosecute. A LARGELY-ATTENDED and enthusiastic meeting was held at the Y. M. C. A Hall last evening to celebrate the opening of the new Rescued Sisters' Home in Riley-Street. The meeting was conducted by Commissioner Howard and Colonel Barker, both of whom delivered speeches explanatory of this branch of Salvation Army rescue work, and adduced a number of facts to show the good that had been accomplished in the way of reclaiming fallen women. The Home in Riley-street will accommo- date 16 females in addition to the officers in charge of the Refuge. THE official inspection by Mr. E. D. Dyson (Government road superintendent) of the bridges in Queen Victoria-street, in the Hurstville munici- pality, took place yesterday, when there were pre- sent — Messrs. Wheeler, Hutchinson, and Wilshire, Ms.L.A., the Mayor (Mr. Hugh Patrick), Aldermen Sproule, J. P., Milsop, Humphrey, Halstead, and Osgood, Messrs. Gannon and Peake, and the con- tractors, engineer, and council clerk. The result of the inspection was pronounced satisfactory by Mr. Dyson, the different works being carried out in a creditable manner. The cost was £1080 of which the Government contributed £1000 . No. 1 bridge being near the Kogarah railway station, was named Milsop Bridge after the ex-Mayor, and a bottle of champagne was broken over it. No. 2 bridge it was decided should be called McRae Bridge, in honour of the promoter, Mr. Myles McRae, M.L.A. No. 3 bridge was named Patrick Bridge, after the present Mayor, Mr. Hugh Patrick. After the naming of each of the bridges, the gentlemen " immortalised" expressed their sense of the honours so conferred. The company then proceed in vehicles by way of the Forest-road to the Council-chambers where an excellent repast had been prepared by the Mayoress and Miss Sproule. Eulogistic speeches were sub- sequently made, and finally the members proceeded by train to Sydney. SHIPMENTS of fruit from Tasmania are coming forward by the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com- pany's steamers in fair quantities. The steamship Oonah, which arrived yesterday, had some 26,000 cases on board. The season in Tasmania for other lines, notably potatoes, is apparently equal to the demand. Within the past week cargoes by sail and steam have been heavy. In three consignments some 1500 tons arrived within the past week. RESPECTING the prices offered by the Depart- ment of Public Instruction for a competitive history of the colony for the use of the schools, the Minister for Public Instruction informs us that the department do not desire a work of high literary merit. It is wanted for educational purposes, and for the use of children about 12 years old. A plain simple narrative of well-known facts, put in a striking light to assist the memory, is what is required. It has been decided by Mr. Carruthers, however, to offer another prize of £150 for a part of the work, to be submitted on or before the 1st January next. That part off the work is a portion which besides being historical demands a good deal of literary ability and skill in arrangement — that is more than a mere bald narrative of facts. It is intended, in fact, that it shall be more in the form of an essay than a history, and it may eventually be incor- porated in the principal work, forming chap- ters 16 to 20, or it may be published as a small work by itself. This will depend upon the value of the chapters dealing with the same branches of the history of the colony in the larger work. The subjects to be dealt with are : The development of the chief industries of the colony, such as the pastoral, agricultural, and mining; trade and commerce ; and the duties of citizenship — its obligations, privi- leges, and social questions. In an amended notice which has been published regarding the competition it is pointed out that the Minister does not bind himself to accept any work unless it is of sufficient merit. DR. NORTON MANNING, Medical Adviser of the Government, and Mr. H. Maclean, Comptroller General of Prisons, the board appointed to inquire into the case of Ernest Buttner, have held sittings during the past two days, and have taken evidence with regard to the branch of the case referred to them for consideration. Mr. Crick, the solicitor for Buttner at the trial, wrote to the board, asking for permission to appear on behalf of the prisoner ; but his request was declined. THE annual meeting of the Horticultural Society will be held in the Town Hall this evening. ONE thousand and fourteen persons visited the Aus- tralian Museum, College- street, last Sunday after- noon. THE Permanent Artillery Band, under the direction of Bandmaster Devery, will perform the following programme in the Botanic Gardens this afternoon, commencing at 3 o'clock (weather permitting) :— March. "Killaloe," arranged by Morelli; overture, " Schubert's Songs," Suppé; gavotte, " Der Gascogner," Suppé ; selection, op. "Mikado," Sullivan; valse, " Other Days," Colles ; polka, "Holly Bush," God- frey ; " God save the Queen." THE band of the Volunteer Artillery will play the following programme under the direction of Band- master Holm at Hyde Park Pavilion on Friday, 24th instant, to commence at 3.30 p.m. : — March — "Orient" Wheatley ; overture — " La Croix de Jerusalem," Bleger; quadrille — "Madame Angot," Coote; selec- tion — "Queen's Jubilee," De Lacy; euphonium solo — "Sohrencht," Hartman ; waltz — " Grafenberger," Gungi ; troop — " Maid of Athens," Hartman ; " God save the Queen." BY an advertisement in another column, the hon. secretaries in connection with the Hospital Bazaar and Village Fair, to be held tinder the patronage of Lord and Lady Carrington, in aid of the city and suburban hospitals in the Exhibition-building, in September, call for the names of persons willing to assist the pro- moters by contributions to the various stalls, which will consist of the usual numerous miscellaneous articles. 