SHOULD JOCKEYS BET? what ofe of the craft and a trainer says. I # want to thank the Herald for the wide-Bpread discussion in favor of the con ference which it brought about between the American Turf Congress and the principal eastern racing associations, said a leading jockey to me in the dining-room of an uptown hotel late the other night (says a writer in the Hew York Herald). The knight of the pigskin had spent the evening at the theatre in company with the trainer of the stable for whioh he rideB, and they were just finishing a light repast of oysters and champagne. Draining hie glass and lighting a fragrant Havana, the jockey resumed: For without the Herald's efforts I doubt if the Hew York clubs would have recognised the congress at all, and then we poor jockeys would have been unable to indulge our appetites for good eating and drinking. Of course I refer to the raising of the weights, whioh will enable ub to live something like other well paid people, too much reducing. Ton know that the old scale of weightB was too low, especially for us older ones, for with increasing age comes increasing weight, and it weakens the Bystem to an extent whioh is harmful to reduce so much. Last year it was almost a living death for me to keep down to weight, for in addition to daily walking, running, and sweating, I frequently had to deny myself food. Many and many a day I had but one meal, and only that in the evening after a hard day's work and a Turkish bath. The fate of poor' Archer in England, whose untimely death was undoubtedly the result of excessive .wasting, often, stared me in the face, and I had fully made up my mind to give up riding. But the new scale of weights has changed all that, thanks again to the Herald and to those who really have the good of racing at heart, and hereafter I won't have to train down so mnch. Three or four pounds below the limit is what kills. It entails much hard work for some of us to keep down to 1151b, and to take 51b more off that means excessive wasting and weak ness. jockeys should not bet. After discussing other benefits which the new scale of weights would bring co both horse and rider, I touched npon the subject of suppressing all public betting by jockeyB, and was surprised at the ready reply. Yes ; I am in favor of putting an end to the practice for more reasons than one. It is a serious evil, and sooner or later brings discredit on the jockey. I, myself, seldom bet, except on my own mount, and then my wager is gener ally pat down by the owner or trainer of the 1 lorse I am riding. Of course some boys will ride harder when their own money iB at stake than they would if nothing but their fee awaited them at the finish. It is the booking of another horse in the iraoe than the one he rides that :is the greatest evil, for the temptation to win a big pot, even at the expense of losing the race with his own mount, must always be before him, and then, the jockey who bete against his own mount will sometimes try to block the way of an animal he fancies has a chance of beating the one upon whioh he has put his money. Still, there are many jockeys who bet, and some bet heavily, who, if they had their money on the animal other than the one they bestrode, would rather wiu with their mount and make a losing bet than do anything that would put money iu their purse at the expense of their character. I know the general public does not think as I do, but lean bring proof to show that what I say is true, riding to beat himself. Yes, he is right, said the trainer, and I recall a race at Jerome Pork last month where a jockey used hie best efforts to win, and thus lost heavily on tho race, I think it was the Titan Stakes. Mr. Haggin started Salvator and Fresno, the' other entries being the Cyclone colt and Holiday. Salvator opened a hot favorite, and was almost basked off the slates by the public. It was then 3 to 1 against Fresno, but when Mr. Haggin declared to win with that colt, and had placed hiB money on, the price receded to 4 to 5, while Sal vat or 's went np accordingly. Garrison had the mount on Salvator, while Bill Hayward piloted Fresno. The " Snapper," who occasionally puts down a big bet, had his money on Fresno, as did his numerous friends and followers. At the betting quarters it looked as if Hayward must win, but Garrison, by the most desperate kind of riding,- brought Salvator home a winner. Of course the stakes was a rich one, probably more than the sum Mr. Haggin wagered on Fresno, but in winning with Salvator the jockey evinced a higher sense of honor than is generally attributed, to the men who ride for their bread and butter. some queer practices. Oh, I could cite a dozen such cases and in races, too, over which many cried fraud, resumed tho_ jockey, hut it is the evil of jockeys betting at all we want to discuss, and not to parade their virtues. The fact that some jockeys, bet heavily induces many speculators to follow them, and while I do not believe one half of the yarns that are told about the crookedness of my brethren in the saddle, there is no denying the foot that they often stoop to queer work in the betting ring. Fre quently friends have eome to the paddock to inform me that so and so, naming a prominent jockey who had no mount in the race, was backing an outsider for a: lot of money. On one of the oocasions I remember the horse named did not saom to have the ghost of a ohance, for I had ridden him when hie people thought they had a veritable "cinch "and he had quit like a duffer. Tbe result showed that I was right in my estimate of Jockey So and bo's selection, for I won handily while the duffer ohased home a very poor field, i Row, the fact that this particular jeekey was closely attached to a book- making firm led my friend to make- in quiries about the bet, and it was not difficult to learn that he had made the play in a very conspicuous manner with a stand bearing another name, but in reality belonging to the same firm. Of coarse tho bet was simply a blind to induce the pack at his heels to put their money on a losing trick. keep jockeys and bookmakers apart. Another evil that should be remedied, said the trainer, is the intimacy that exists between bookmakers and jockeys. It is a common Bight at onr great race meetings to observe a bookmaker in private conver sation with a jockey, and this too, not only in the paddock, but on lawn and track and in grand stand and betting nog. To be sure, they may not be doing anything wrong, but how many people who Bee them will not have a suspicion of future queer work ? There are unsonu- pulous bookmakers aa well as unscrupulous jockeys, and the public is alow to believe good of them when thoy are seen in seoret conclave before a raee. Something Bhould be done to keep the jookey away from the betting ring, and the bookmaker should not be admitted to the paddock. IE ho is a bookmaker hie place is in the quarters set apart for the slates, and his .business is with the backers of the horses, not with the riders of tbern, I hold that a bookmaker should not ho permitted to race horses on the trMk whore he lays the adds, a jockey Bhould not bo allowed in the betting ring, and, abovo all, Bhould not be paimitted to back or have an interest in any horse in the race in which he rides. However, with oil their faults, I do not think that our joolceys aro as bad a lot aB son.e would-be critics try to make t'aom out. In England jockeys bet heavily, despite repressive legislation, and I have heard it said that in Australia rings have been discovered where all the jockeys engaged in a race united in hacking one horse, subsequent revelation- showing that many of the defeated horses carried pots of money for their owners and trainers. 