SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP PROM HOME. (From A London Correspondent.) LONDON, Mat 3L The headquarters of the British army made a gallant show on Queen's Birthday morning at the ancient and picturesque ceremony of "the trooping of the colour." It was a tropical morning, and many a fair one swooned in the rushing and crush ing of the vast concourse of " privileged" ticketholdere, who swarmed on the Horse Guards' parade. It was not destined to be the only scene of confusion which took place on the same spot during the same day. In the afternoon, Captain Shaw, of the fire brigade, and Colonel Howard Vincent, M.P., of the London County Council, bad arranged a very neat little ceremony by which they were both to find favour in the eyes of the Prince of Wales, his wife, and children^ The PrincesB was to distribute prizes for bravery to the firemen, and then the brave array of engines was to march past the Royal party at galloping pace. Unfortunately, Colonel Howard Vincent hadover- estimatedhispowers &9 a military commander. He appears to have contemplated, or, at all events, to have given the police authorities to understand that he contemplated, keeping the crowd in order by means of his own volunteer battalion, the Queen's Westminsters. Very smart the Queen's Westminsters looked when they arrived on the ground for this purpose. Un fortunately, however, the crowd was there before them, and it was 60,000 strong to their 600\. There would have been no earthly pos sibility of clearing the ground except by volleys of musketry. There was nothing to be done but to stand helplessly looking on whilst the Royal carriage drove straight into the dense masses of humanity. Happily there was no ill-will in the crowd to the Royal party, but the ceremony was a fiasco. It is not certainly known to any but the Royal party themselves whether the ceremony of giving the rewards took place or not. A I little later the gallop- past was accomplished somehow, the Royal party having succeeded in reaching and entering the Horse Guards' building. But Colonel Howard Vincent was a sight for gods and men to pity. So far from { giving his Royal patrons a pleasant diversion, i lie had nothing but their good nature to j trust to for forgiveness, aud the attitude of i his friends towards him ranged from effusive ] indignation to good-humoured pity. Colonel Howard Vincent is one of those men whose misfortunes excite a certain feeling which is not wholly displeasing in his friends. He is pushing and blatant, and the usual com ment on the occurrence was, "I'm so glad it was Howard Vincent that it happened to." The two occurrences above described were divided from one another in point of time by , a great and glorious sight in Hyde-park—the! first meeting of the Foar-in-band Club. The coaches, as is their wont, paraded at the top of tfie Serpentine Lake or river—the place is called the Powder Magazine—and, driving along the water to Apsley-house and Hyde park corner, doubled round along "the drive," which skirts the famous "ride" of Rotten Row, and then made their way to Hurlingham at Fulham, where there was polo, or to Richmond, where there is a river called the Thames. So much of their way as lay through the j Park to Hyde-park corner was on Satnrday i lined by one hundred thousand pedestrians, seven or eight thousand equestrians—the latter drawn up with the precision and repose ' division—and some thousands of of a cavalry i densely-packed open carriages. The day was glorious. The vegetation fully developed, but in its first freshness, and intensely green. It was a sight to make glad the heart—so much beauty, such health, such wealth, such spirits—such good humour, courtesy, and good breeding. Almost every other person on the grass, on horseback, or in a carriage was a person to whom one could put a name, and of whoBe achievements or surround ings something could be B&id.; As to the coaches themselves, they were nothing wonderful. The "Four-iu-hand' is the smart club of our two drag clubs ; but the "Coaching Club," which is that of those who are hopelessly middle-class, or are, socially speaking, "on the make," can show a better tarn out of nags and coaches. Indeed, as to the " Four-in-hand," the wonder is how some of its members, with modest in comes or huge families—such as Lord Charles Beresford or Lord Londesborough— think it justifiable to keep drags at all. But in an old and aristocratic family a four-iu hand is like an ancestral ghost—the scions of the house cling to it longer than to anything else. It is curious to observe the difference of bearing among the owners in the two clubs. A member of the "Four-in-hand" always " takes himself for granted," even I when driving the dingiest of coaches j and the wretchedest of ecrews, and looks every inch a swell. A member ] of the Coaching Cinb—however unexception able his turn-out and horseflesh—feels and looks not the real thing, and he knows that J his sentiments on the subject are shared by the crowd. When London's long out-door holiday I was over, Ministers, diplomatists, and grandees of all sorts set to work to celebrate the Queen's Birthday, at a series of the ' usual levee-dress banquets. At the Colonial Banquet, the most remarkable figure was I that of Sir Henry Loch, whose many medals and decorations testified to the fact that his j career had been long and honourable before he had ever seen Australia. Governing colonies seems a life which conduces to the mainten ance of youth and vigour, although it should i not be forgotten that the Colonial Office ap- 1 pears, in the first instance, to choose men as Governors who are what the Irish call " fine Eersouable looking men." No one would ave guessed that Sir Henry Loch was 62, or that his confrere Sir Kercales Robinson was TO years old. The latter is as straight of figure and as fresh of skin as when last be watched the finish for the Melbourne Cup. These two men—Sir Henry Loch and Sir Hercules Robinson—are in a sense the "lions" of political and official society. -Every great colonial Governor has such a time onoe in bis career. Sir George Bowen enjoyed it ten years ago, when Lord Beacons field was ao struck with his air, mien, and gestures as to accord him semi-regal ■honours. To Sir Henry Loch, the tributes ■which be Is receiving are pnreJy personal, -but ronnd the person and opinions of Sir Hercules Robinson much political excite ment is centering. Arrived at the fnlness of his years and service, he is no longer con tent to be a mere instrument ot other men's policy. Before he lett the Cape he uttered a hold and notable declaration of policy, covering the whole field of Sonth African policy. It was accepted with enthnsiasm by politicians of all parties there; but here it strangely divides opinions. It is a policy of South Africa for the South Africans, and Hie gradual assumption by the colonists of the responsibilities of the Imperial Go vernment. It is just «b if an Australian Governor were to declare that united Aus tralia ought to take over all responsibilities in New Gninea and the Pacific, and severely exclude the interference of missionaries and meddlers. It might be supposed that Bucb a Eolicy would be universally acquiesced in ere. But, unfortunately, prejudice comes In. Ail South African colonists are not Eng lishmen, or even Irishmen. They are many of them Dutch, and the policy of Sir Her cules is, as it happens, an anti-mis sionary one. The Rev. John Mackenzie is his bitter personal enemy, the Reverend John Mackenzie, as the wearer of a white neck-doth, has for long had the ear of the editor of the PaJH MM Gazette—whose father wore a neck- cloth ot that hue—and, owing to the attitude of the Pali Mall Gaxelte, it seemed to many, indnding Mr. Chamber Iain, that the Hercules Robinson policy was one to be opposed to the death. The odd thing is that since his return to this country, Sir Hercules appears to bare entirdy con verted the feather- headed editor in question, who is now writing up bis policy in a series of frantic artides; but the body of opinion which be has created hostile to his present views remains unaffected; and in our regular political budgets of news you are likely to bear more than enough of the "Hercules Robinson policy" and the controversies which it has aroused for Borne time to come. At the banquet which I have made the occasion of the foregoing remarks, there were not many Australian notabilities beyond the Agents-General and the half-a dozen men who have been Australian Governors. Beyond theBe there were only Sir Daniel Cooper and Sir Charles Nicholson, who have long been dissevered from Australia, and Mr. Ex-Justice Faucett, of New South Wales. A well-known and venerable figure in Queen's Birthday celebrations, Bishop Perry, late of Melbourne, has disappeared from the scene, owing to failing health. His place as eayer ot grace at the feast was taken by the new Bishop Montgomery, of Tasmania—blushing in the novel honours of an exceedingly stiff and unmanageable silk gown, as I saw him afterwards at the Foreign Office. The Foreign Office party which follows. the various banquets is that which reconciles most men to theBe necessarily depressing ceremonies. ThiB j year Lady Salisbury caused social lamenta tion by reducing ber invitations by one-half. She had read a ghastly story of how it was found that Mrs. Grover Cleveland's right hand had become enlarged by 33 per cent, of its natural bulk through excessive hand shaking at the " White lioase," and as Lady Salisbury can reasonably reckon on nearly twice as long a tenure of office as Mrs. Grover Cleveland—that is, seven years against four —she naturally felt that unless she took Btroug measures in the matter of hand shaking, her right hand would increase G7| per cent. On Monday there was a State ball at the Palace, as always, without the hostess, where there were more beauties than usual and fewer frumps, and on Wednesday there was a drawingroom where there were more frumps and fewer beautiea I do not know it in Mel bourne you have daylight " drawingrooms," with their dreary accompaniment of "draw ingroom teas," where three or tour fagged, haggard, aud too tightly-laced women exhibit themselves in an unbecoming light to the gaze of a miscellaneous company, including generally a number of poor relations, who relieve their feelings by jarring and cutting remarks on their hostess and her surround ings. At a tea of this kind which I attended the lady of the bouse varied the usual routine by falling down in a dead faint She was a fine llesby woman, and had bad herself laced to a waist ot 20in. since 9 iu the morning. Nature rebelled at 5.30. The new Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Earl of Zetland, was happily described by Lord Spencer as "a nice young Yorkshire man." He is very mild in manner, with odd brown eyes, which gained him the nick name at Harrow of " doe-rabbit" He is not very bright in point of brains, having always been overshadowed through life by an able younger brother, Mr. J. C. Dundas, formerly member for Richmond in Yorkshire. Lord Zetland was an hereditary Whig, and ac cepted some minor court office under Mr. Gladstone in 1880, but early quilted the Government on a question of Irish agrarian legislation, and is generally reckoned a Tory. His brother, who remained longer with the Liberal party than he did, was obliged to give up his seat for Richmond, which was bo much of a packet borough that he could not bold it against his brother's adverse influence. Lord Zetland has a hand some bright wife, and is an earnest sports man. He is very much a duplicate of Lord Londonderry in all things, and as neither of tbem heartily likes the post, it is difficult to Bee why Lord Salisbury does not insist on their serving it turn about 