THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V. COMBINED N.S. WALES AND VICTORIA. A match was commenced on tbe Amociatioa Ground yesterday bctwoea the sixth Australian Eleven and an eleven solected from Now South Wales and Yictoriau player#. Vory little in- terest is being evinced over the match, as the combined team is not considered by any means as representative of tho two colonic#. The weather was a trifle warm and the wicket in spleudid order for run-getting. Me#9rn. Moses. Garrett, Pope, Douqhd, and Callaway represented this colony, while Messrs. Gordon, II. Trumble, D. i. Cotter, Houston, Morriswaud Walters are tbe Victorian contingent-. Moses waa elected skipper of tbe Combined Elcvou, nnd losing the toss from McDonnell had to tuko tho field. Play was late in Btartiug, it being half-an-hour after noon before Turner and Bannerman, the pioneers of tbe Australian team, took up tbeir place# at the wickets. Although numerous changes wore made in the bowling, lunch time arrived without a aepftration having been effected, and 96 runsjwere on tho board, 71 of which had been made by Turner. After resuming, the batsmen continued in occupation until 144 had been posted, when Turner waa caught nt hue cover off a miss-hit, ho haviug made 102 by a sterling all-round exhibition of batting, his play in every point of .the gamo beingjper- feet, and he did not giro the ghost of a chance until the oae which got rid of him. Included in Turner's #corc are 14 fourers, 4 threes, J twos and 16 slnglce, and several of bis hits went close to going over the chuins The crack bowler rau up hit century while hi# partner, Bannerman, was compiling 32 ouly. Trott was next, but after making 2 be started for what wonld hare proved an easy run, but Baunerirmti refused to leave his end of the wicket, and Cal laway returning the ball well Hous ton had Trott'# wicket down before he could get back. Jonas wa# Bftunemian's next 'associate, aud tho Uuivcrsity vr,\u soon knocked up 3, but inputting at an off ball from Cotter lie gave Trumble, at slip, a chance, which was accepted. Th# last two wickets had fallen for only an additional 9 runs, rather a radical reduction in the record as put up by the first two men. Bannerman sow had Edward# for a partner, aud these two by slow cricket raised tbe total to 188, when the Beadigo giant, seeming! to get tired of playing the nlows of Cottor, jumped out to a tempting one, and miss ing it, wan clean bowled. Lyon# now cauio io, und openings his shoulders, made things a bit merrier than they had been since Turner'# departure. The South Austra lian soon got 16 opposite hia name by very attractive cricket, wnen he let out wildly at u straight fast one from Garrett, and hitting across at it paid tbe usual penalty. McDonnell played back at the first bull he received but mi/sed it aud had bis stumps shattered.. Whoii Worrall came iu the record was six for 211 and some free play was expected. However the sturdy East Melbourcnite played ono from Garrett ou to hia wicket. In tbe meantime Balifiicrman had been ploddiug along and hi# score was now at 60, Ferris being his next companion. The new-coiuer played with ex ceptional freedom and piled the runs on at a very rapid rate. Time was fast creeping ou and every effort was made to bag another wicket, but they proved futile, and at 6 o'clock thvsc two were still at the wickets, tbe total standing at 275 for seven wicket. Bannerman ha# 84 not out opposite his name, he having hecn at tho wicket four and a-balf hour#. Most of his run# were made on the leg side, any ball coming in thi3 direction being invariably sent to the chain# by the stone- waller. Ferris' contribution i# 88 not ou;, and were made by very taking and artistic batting. Six of the combined team tried their hands with the ball, Gutter with two for 41, so far prov ing the most successful, his deliveries being very puzzling at times. Garrett ha# secured three for 71, and as be did notobtain his first wicket until over 60 runs had beeu ncored off him, his performance can be reckoned a very good one, Trumble has bagged one for 45. Callaway has had 07 run# knocked off him and Donnau 82. Considering that the Combined Eleven arc what you might call only thrown together, their 'fielding was admirable all through tho day, conspicuous amongst them being Gor don at uaid-off and Pope at extra mid-off and in tho long field. Cotter kept wicket until 3 o'clock and showed good form, after which he was required to bowl, when Houston took his place and worthily upheld tbe reputation he holds of being one of the best wicket keepers in the southern colony The match is to be resumed to-day, and appended are the ocores : — Australian IKLiuVKy.— First Innings. Turtle', o Pope, b H, Trumblo .. .. 102 Bamiumau, not out .. .. ..84 Trott. runout.. .. .. .. 2 Jones, c Trumble, b Cotter .. .. 3 Xdsrnrds, b Cotter .. ,, .. IB Lyons, b Garrett .. .. .. IS M'Donnell, b Garrett .. .. .. 0 "Worrall, b (lavrett .. .. 6 Ferris, not out.. .. .. .. 83 . iijes 6, leg byes 2, wldcs 3, no balls 3.. 13 Seven wlokeU for .. .. 273 