The Illgoldsby Legenlds. DY THOMIAS INGOLDBOT, ESQ. -o It is on my own personal reminiscences that I draw for the following story : the scene of its leading event was most familiar to me in early life. If the principal actor in it be yet living, he must have reached a very advanced age. Hie was often at thl Hall, in my infancy, on professional visite. THE GHOST. Turne stands a City,-neither large nor small, Its air and situation sweet and pretty; It matters very little-if at all, Whether its denizens are dull or witty, Whether the ltdies there are short or tall, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a city I Perhaps 'tis also requisite to minlte That there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it. A fair Cathedral, too, thostory goep, And kings and heroes lie entombed within her; There pious saints in marble pomp repose, Whose shrines are worn by knees of many a sinner; There, too, full many an sldermanic nose Rol'd its loud diapason after dinner; And there stood high the holy sconce of Becket, -Till four assassins came from France to crack it. The castle was a huge and antique mound, . Proof against all th' artillery of the quiver, Ere those abominable guntts were found, To send cold lead through gallant warrior a liver. It stands upon a gently rising ground, Sloping down gradually to the river, Resembling (to compare great things with smaller) A well-scooped, mouldy Stilton eheeso-but taller. The Keep, I hear, 'a been sadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-clad knights, of honour jealous, In martial panoply so grand and stately, its walls are filled with money-making fellows, And stuff'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, With leaden pipes, and coke, and coals, and bellows ; In short, so great a change has come to pass, 'Tis now a manufactory of Gas. But to my tale.-Before this profanation, And ere its ancient, glories were cut short all, A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station In a small house just opposite the portal; Hi, birth, his parentage, and education, I know but little of--a trange o3d mortal His aspect air and gait, were all ridiculous His name was Mason-he'd been christened Nicholase Nick had a wile possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon persuasion ; But spite of all her piety, her arm She'd sometimrs exercise when in a passion; And, being of a temper somewhat warm, Would now and then seize, upon small occasion, A stick, or stool, or anything that round did lie, And baste her lord and master most con foundedly. N ho matter I- ti- a thing that's not uncommon, 'Its what we have all heard, and most have read of I mean, a bruising pugilistic woman, Suchas I own I entertain a dread of, -And so did Nick, whom sometimes there would come on A sort of fear his spouse might knock his head off, Demolish half his teeth, or drive a rib in, She shone so much in facers and in fibbing. " There'. time and place for all things," said a sace, (King Solomon, I think,) and this I can say, Within a well-roped ring, or on a stage, Boxing may be a very pretty Foancy, When M1essrs. Burke or Beadigo engage ; -'Tis not so well in Susan.Jane or Nancy: To get well mill'd by any one's an evil, But by a lady-'tit the very Devil. And so thought Nicholas, whose only trouble (At least his worst) was this his rib's propensity For sometimes from the alehouse he would hobble. His senses lost in a sublime immensity Of cogitation-then he couldn't cobble, And then his wife would often try the denasity Of his poor skull, and strike with all her might, As fast as kitchen-wenches strike a light. Mason, meek soul, who ever hatedl strife, Of this same striking had the utmost dread, He hated it like poison-or his wife A vast antipathy !-but so he said And very often for a quiet life, On theseoccasions he'd sneak up to bed, Grope darkling in, and, soon as at the door He heard his lady-he'd pretend to snore. One night, then, ever partial to society, Nick, with a friend (another jovial fellow), Went to a Club-I should have said Society At the "City Arms," once called the Porto Bello ; A Spouting party, which, though some decry it, I Consider no bad lounge when one is mellow There they discuss the tax on salt and leather, And change of ministers and change of weather. In short, it was a kind of British Forum, Like John Gale Jones's, erst in Piccadilly, Only they managed things with more decorum, And the Orations were not quile so silly; Far different questions, too, would come before 'em, lNot always Politics, which, will ye nill ye, Their London prototypes were always willing To give one 0uantum su.. of--for a shilling. It more resembled one of later date, And tenfold talent, as I'm told, in Bow Street, Where kindlier-natured souls do congregate; And, though there are who deem that same a lowI street, Yet I'm assutred, for frolicsome debate And genuine humour it's sourpassd by no street, When the "Chief Baron " enters. and assumes To "rule" o'er mimic "Thesigera" and "Broughams." Here they would oft torget their Rulera' faullts, And waste in ancient lore the midnight taper; Inquire if Orpheus first produced the Waltz, How Gasolights differ from the Delphic Vapoer, Whether Bippocrates gave OGlauber's Salts, And what the lomansa wrote on ere they d pn per This night the subjeet of their disquisitions Was Ghoats, Hobgoblinse, Sprites, and Appari tions. One learned gentleman, "a sage grave mao," Talk'd of the Ghost in Hamlet, "sheath'd in sterl" His well-read friend, who next to speak beoan. Said, "That was Poetry, and nothing real; " A third, of eors extensive learning, ran "To Sir George Villiers' Ghost, and Hrs. Veal ; Of sheeted Spectres spoke with .horten'd breath, And thrice he quoted Drelincourt on Death. -Kick smoked, and smoked, and trembled as he heard The point discuss'd, and all they said upon it, How, frequently, some murder'd man ap pear'd, - To tell his wife and children who had Sdone it; Or howe a miser's ghost, with griealy beard, And pale lean visnge, in an old Scotch bonnet, Wander'd about to watch his buried money ; When all at once Nick heard the clock strike One- he Sprang from his seat, not doubting but a lecture Impended from his fond and faithful She; Nor could he well to pardon him expect her, For he had promised to come home to tea; But having luckly the key o' the hack door, He fondly hoped that, unperceived, he Might creep upstairs again, pretend to doze, And hoax his spouse with music from his nose. Vain, fruitless hope l-The weary sentinel At eve may overlook the crouching foe, Till, ere his hand can sound the alarum-bell, He sinkso beneath the ntmexpectedl blow; Before the whikeirs of Grimalkin fell, When elumb'ring on her post, the mouse may go- But woman, wakeful woman, 's never weary, -Above all, when she waits to thumpjher deary. Soon IMrs. Mason heard thewelllknown tread; She heard the key slow creaking in the door, Spied, through the gloom obsaure,towards the bed Nick creeping soft, as oft hbe had crept before ; When, bang, she threw a something at his head, And Nick at once lay prostrate on the flooet ; While she exclaimed, with her indignant face " How dare you use your wife so, Mr. lMason t" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, Especially the length of he, onation Spare we to tell ihow Nick expostulated, Roused by the bump into a good set pas sion, So great, that more than once hlie execrated, ?ro he erawl'edinto bed in his sanal fa.hlio ; -The Muses hate brawls; suffice it then to say, lie dlek'd below the clothes -nudlthere he lay I 'Twas now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead, And mnany a mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead, And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight, To play his pranks near some poor wretch's bed, Sleeping, perhaps serenely as a porpoise, Nor dreaming of this fiendish lHabeas Corpur. Not so our Nicholas: his meditations Still to the same tremendous theme re curred, The same dread subject of the dark narra tions, Which, back'd with such authority, he'd heard : Lost in his own horrific contemplations, He ponder'd o'er each well-remembered word; tWhen at the bed's foot, close beside the post, He verily believed he saw-a Ghost I Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantialt prite To his astonish'd gaze each moment grew; Ghastly and gaunt, it rea'd its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the view, And round its long, thin, bony fingers drew A tatter'd winding-sheet, of course all ?dhitc; The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, Nick very plainly saw it through the shroud I And now those matted locks, which never yet Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, Their long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force; Nay, e'eu the very cap, of texture coarse, Whoseo ruby cincture crowu'd that brow of jet, Uproseo in agony-the Gorgon's head Was but a type of Nick's up-squating in the bed. From every pore distill'd a clammy dew, Quaked every limb-the candle, too, no doubt, En regle, would have burnt extremely blue, But Nick unluckily had put it out ; And h-, though naturally bold and stout, In ohort, was in a most tremendous stew : The room was fill'd with a sulphureous smell, But where that came from Mason could not tell. All motionless the Spectre stood--and now Its rev'rend form more clearly shone confest, From the pale cheek a beard of purest snow Descended o'er its venerable breast ; The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furrow'd brow, Told of years long gone by.-An awful guest It stood, and with an netion of command, lleckon'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand. "'Wience, and what art thou, Execrable Shape l" Nick might have cried, could he hove found a tongue, But his distended jaws could only gape, And not a sound upon the welkin rung: His gooseberry orbs seem'd as they would have sprung Forth from their socketa-like a frighten'd Ape He eat upon his haunches, bolt upright, And shook, and grinn'd, and chatterd with naffright. And still the shadowy finger, lone and lean, Now beckon'd Nick, now pointed to the door; And many an ireful glance, and frown, be tween, Tihe angry visage of the Phantom wore, As if quite vex'd that Nick would do no more Than stare, without e'en asking, "What d'ye mean I" Beeause, as we are told-a sad old joke, too Ghosts, like the ladies, never speaol till spoke to. Cowards, 'tis said, in certain situations, Derive a sort of courage from despair, And then perform, from downright despera tion, Much more than many a bolder man would dare. Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a passion, And therefore groping till he found the chair, Seiz'd on his awl, crept softly out of bed, And follow'd quaking where the Spectre led. And down the winding stair, with noiseless tread, The tenant of the tomb pass'd slowly on, Each mazy turning of the humble shed Seem'd to his step at once familisr grown, So safe and sure the labyrinth did he tread . As though the domicile had been his own, Though Nick himself, in passing through the shop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, Tee door upon its hinges open flew; And forth the Spirit issued--yet around It turn'd, as if its follower's fears it knew, And, once more beckoning, pointed to the mound, The antique keep, on which the bright moon threw With such eleulgenc her mild silvery gleam, The visionary form seem'd melting in her beam. Beneath a pond'rous arehway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis Rswung sub lime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, Sole, sad memorials of the olden time, The Phantom held its way-and thsugh afraid Even of the owls that sung their vesper chime, Pale Nichola pursued, its steps attending, And wondering what on earth it allswoild end in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recess At length they reach a court obscure and lone It eeem',l a drenar and desolate wilderness, The blacben'd walls with ivy all o'ergrown; The night-bird shriek'd her note of wild dis tress. Disturb'd upon her solitary throne, As though indignant mortal atep should dare, So led, at such an hour, to venture there ! -The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Niek thought an iron ring, But then a neighbouring chanticleer awoke, And loudly 'gsn his early matins sing; And then "it started like a guilty thing," As his shrill clarion the silence broke. -'Tis known how much dead gentleolks eschew The appalling sound of "rCock-a.doodle-do I " The vision was no more--and Niek alone "'His streamersawaving" in the midnight wind, Which through the ruine ceased not to groan; -Eis garment, too, waos somewhat short behind And, worst of all, he knew not where to ind The ring-which made him most his fate bemoan-. The iron ring-no doubt of some trap-door, 'Neath which the old dead miser kept his store.. "What's to be done " he cried; "'Twere ysin to aby Here in the dark' without a sing e clue. Oh, for a candle now, or moonlightray I 'Fore George, I'm vastly puzzled what to do,"' (Then clapp'd his hand behind)-" 'Ti3 chilly, too- . I'll mark the spot, and come again by day. What can I mark.it by ~-Oh, here's the wall The mortar's yielding- here Ill stick my awl 1" Then rose from earth to'sky a weithering shriek, A loud, a long- protracted note of woe, Such a when temposteroar, and timbers sneak, And o'er the side the masts in thunder go; While on the deck resistlles billows break, 'And drag their victims to thegulfs below; Suchi? w~as the scream when, for the want of c? nd e andle Nick Mntavn:droee his awl in up teothe hsadlec Scared by his Lady's heart-appalling cry. Vanislh'd as once poor 3Mason'a golden dream For dream it was ; end all his visions high, Of wealth and grandeur, fled before that scream And still he listens with averted eye; When gibing neighbours make "the Ghost" their thomB ; While ever from that hour they all doolaro That Mrs. Mason used a cushion in her chair 1 C.nfound not. I beseech thee, reader, the subject of the following monody with the hap less hero of the tea-urn, Cupid, of "Yow Yow "-ing memory. Tray was an attached Ald sincere friend of many years' eta:ndilg. Most people worth loving have had a mute favourile or two of this kilnd; Lord Byron ays ihe " never had but one, and here he (the dog, not the nobleman) lies !" THE CYNOTAPII. lver Tray clh- mant ! r'oar Trey do reo, anmi! Dog-bury and Vcrgers. On i where shall I bury my poor dog Tray, Now his fleeting breath has passed away I Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen him gambol, and frolic, nue play, Evermore happy, and frisky, and gay, As though every one of his months was Maey, And tbhe whole of his life one long holiday Now he's a lifeless lump of clay, Oh ! where shall I bury my faithful Tiny? I am almost tempted to think it hard That it many not be there, in yen sunny churchyard, Where the green willows wave O'er the peaceful grave, Which holds all that once was honest and brave, Kind, and courteous, and faithful, and true; Quditieo, Tray, that were found in you. But it may not be-you sacred ground, By holiest feelings fenced iround, May ne'er within its hallowed bound Receive the dust of a soul-less hound. I would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sun through the storied pano Throws on the pavement a crimson stain; Where the banners of chivalry heavily swing O'er the pinnseled tomb of the Warrior King, With helmet and shield, and all that sort of thing. N? o-come what may, Mfy gencle Tray Shan't be an intruder on blulfl Harry Tudor, Or panoplied monarchs yet earlier and ruder Whom you see on their backsa, In stone or iu war, Though the Sacristans now are " forbidden to nz" For what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous tax;" While the Chartists insist they've a right to go sunekse No!-Trny's humble tomb would look but shabby 'Mlid the sculptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Besides, in the place They say there's not space To bury what wet-nurses call "a Babb.'" Even "Rareo Ben Jonson." that fa:uous wight, I am told, is interr'd there bolt upright, In just such a posture, beneath his bust, As Tray used to sit in to beg for a crust. The epitaph, too, Would scarcely de: For what could it say, but, "Here lies Tray, A very good sort of a dog iu his day! " And satirieid folks might be opt to imagine it Meant as a quiz on the House of Plantagenet. No ! no !-The Abbey may do very well For a fenudal "ob," or poetical "Swell," "Crusaders," or "' Poets," or " Knights of St. Jobhn," Or Knights of St. John's Wood, who last year wevent on To the Castle of GBoor 0crbr gtlintonnr. Count Fiddle-fumkin, and Lord Fiddleffaddle, '"ir Craven," "Sir Gael," and "Sir Campbell of Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heard of the feat, " Was somehow knock'd out of his family. seat;") The E`quires of the body To my Lord Tomnoddy ; i"Sir Fairlie," "Sir Lamb," And the "Knight of the Ram," The "Knight of the Rose," and the "Knight of the Dragon," Who, safe at the flagon, And prog in the waggon, The newspapers tell us did little to "brag on ;" And more, thbugh the Muse knows but little coneerning 'em, "Sir Hopkins," "Sir Popkins," "Sir Gage," and "Sir Jerningham." All Preux Chcralicrs, in friendly rivalry Who should beat bring back the glory of Chi valry. -(Pnray be so good, for the sake of my song, To pronounce hero the anti peunulimate long; Or some hyper-critic will certainly cry, " The word ' Chivalry ' is but a 'rhyme to the eye.' " And I own it is clear A fastidious ear Will be, more or less, alwnay annoyed with you when you insert any rhyme that's not perfeetly genuine. As to pleasing the "eye," 'Tisn't worth while to try, Since Moore and Tom Campbell themselves admit "spinach," Is perfectly auntiphonetic to "Greenwich.") But asty !-1say ! Let me pause while I may This digression is leading me sadly astray From my object-A grave for my poor dog Tray ! I would not place him beneath thy walls, And proud o'?rshadowing dome, St. Paul's I Though I've always consider'd Sir Christopher Wren, As an architect, one of the greatest of med; And, tlkitng of Epitaphs--much I a:niro his, "Circumispicc, si Jfonumcenrin rcquiris; " Whlich an erudite Verger traeenslate to me, " If you ask for his monument, ,Sir.come.Spy see I--" Nol-- I should not know where To place him there; I would not have him by surly Johnson be; Or that Queer-looking horse that is rolling on Ponsonby Or those ugly minces The sister Sphynces, Mic'd creatures, half lady, half lioness, ergo, (Dnone says), the mnblems of Leo and Yirgo; On one nf the backs of which singular jumble, Sir ltalph Aberrombie is going to tumble, With en thump which alone were enough to despaptch him, If the Scotchman in front shouldn't happen to catch him. No I I'd not have him there-nor nearer the dooer, Where the Man and the Angel have got Sir John Moore,* And are quietly letting him down through the Sleor, Near Dillespie, the one who escaped, at Vellore, Alone from the row; Neither he, nor Lord Hoene Would like to be plagued with a little Bow woe . No, Tray, we must yield, And go further a-field; Tollay you by Nelson were downright effron tr'y; -We'll.be olfffrom the City, and look at the country. In the anutumn of 1an4. Captaine woriwn hntvine hinted that certain bmutlful lhens ou the burtalof thLo gnlt ooccr a ib a t ln~o i cod tBo paduetron of Lord Byrn's aluse. the hita tir. Sydney Tanylor, somewhat andigmnatly, caimled them for their rightfuleoner, she cata laov. Clh. Wnolo. ODtrhng the nontraversy a thir chicmant started np lt tire p?ron of a caoidilacnt "l)otar morl" who turned out to be a Durham bancksmit'e, and t is r-, tenons a lease. It was Bet Cht s certain "Doctor Peplprcorn" put forth his prttonsione. to wlmt ho avcrd was the only "true .and orlghll" verlo0e, Not a sons had re got-not a guinea or note, And be look'd nfnouodedly lunrled, As he belted away withont paying hta shot1 And the Landlady alter hlk hurried. We saow lm again at dmd af night, when homs from the club returnsng " We twlgg'd the Doctor beneath tle lieht of the geehsp hfcAlty brng. All bare, and cxp?sed to Bree midnligt dew?," Reclined in the getter we found ii: " And he look'd like a gentleman taking a mnsoe, "ThelDoctor's as drunk anso d-," we s, And woe naogedgo sutitrtto'berero " We rasal him; and sighed at the thaught that , biahead Would "eoasumodly ache"ono thie mosro-e, a e'orerhimhome, and we put him to bed, ' And wetoldihis wifeond liedeus'htir To give him, next morning, acoupI9 f .? oulnty they t.dkd'd a his money Chat's ease, - "And hls hrienn sphrnddhim " Sieut ltile he ren'd, sb thea et Iti'snor on . ,- eath . ee tosstorpauo bst s we il. im. We ntak'd him in, and hsd hardly done s. When, beemth thewnhidoter selling. We hard the rough voice of a son of a fus : 0f a watntmane.' One o'ock!" bawling. Slowlysnd sodly wb alt eslk'd down." yremuodiromis theuptcru~oststoroy; e .t y Srunhilght wnslpled mm 5 thicold iorthl-ton e,' A" And we left his nlone in hi glory. \- A It shall not be there, in that sepulchred squara, Where folks are interr'd for the sake of the air, (Though, pay but the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they grant to Thuggs, and Hin " dos, PTurks, Infidels, Heretic, Jumpei, and J.Tew). Where the tombstones are placed In the very best taste, At the feet and the head Of the elegant Dead, And no one's received whs'a not " uried in load ;" For, there lie the bones of Deputy Jones, Whom2 the widow's tears, and the orphan's groans Affected as much as they do the stones I[is executors laid on the Deputy's bones ; Little rest, poor knave ! Would he have in his grave ; Since Spirito, 'tis plain, Are sent back "again, To roam rouna their bodies-the had ones in p:in Dragging after them sometimes a heavy jack. chain ; Whenever they met, alarn'd by its cronns, his Ghost all night long would be barking at Jones's. Nor shall he be laid By that cross Old Maid, Miss Penelope Bird-of whom it is said All the dogs in the Parish were always afraid. Hoe must not be placed By one so strait laced In her temper, her taste, and her morals, and waist. For 'tis said, when she went up to heaven, and St. Peter, Who happened to meet her, Came forward to greet her, She pursed up with scorn erery vinegar fen tture, Anct bade him "Get out for a horrid Male Creature ! " So the Saint, after looking as if he could eat her, Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing-or able-to beat her, Sent her back to her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With an epithet which I decline to repeat hero. No--if Tray were interr'd By Penelope Bird, No dog would be o'er so be." whelp "ed and bo-" cur "red All the night long her cantankerous Sprite Would be running about in the pale moon light, Chasing him round, and attempting to lick The ghost of poor Tray with a ghost of a stick. Stayl-let me see - Ay-here it shall he At the root of this gnarled and timue-worn tree, Where Tray and I Would often lie, And watch the light clouds as they floated by In the broad expanse of the clear blue sky, When the sun was bidding the world good-bye ; And the plaintive Nightingale, warbling nigh, Poured forth her mournful melody; While the tender Wood-pi:eon's cooing cry Has made me Fay to myself, with a sigh, "HIow nsice you would eat with a steak in a pie!" Ay, here it shall be!-far, far from the view Of the noisy world and its muddening crew. Simple and few, Tender and true The lines o'er his grave.-They have, some of them, too, The advantage of being remarkably now. EPITAPI. Aflliction sore Long time he bore, Physicians were in vain! Grown bliud, alas I he'd Some Prussic Acid, And that put him out of his pain 1 Has ego versiculos feel, tulit alter honores. VIRnoL. I wrote the lines--* ownod them-he told stories l Tuoasas xnaoLDsnv. 