Lover .and Lord. Chapter XXIII.—Continued. ? As slip turned with some contempt to illufitrato her remark, aha too seamed struck by something strnngo in Norn'a nttitnrio nml persistent silenco. The ogotintical little speech died away in a faint murmored sound; sho moved, with, slow dragging step, back, back to '?;-"' i! lier companion's eida. ;-,>;u'i 'Are you ill, Norn?' sho asked curiously, laying ono band on llio slim black arm, and trying to peer into the shrouded faco. ?-, 'I woald rather go out with Nettie thim' with you. Nottio is never tirod,ond never cross.' f ?)!?', ,Sbe Bpoko in aggrieved petulant tono ;? but did not soem to hoed hor. 6bo clasped the srmll liand, and led tho , ,girl away, with rapid nud .uncertain Rtep, 'i 'from the bowilderod man. It all panned iio quickly that h) had no time to dis entnngln his thonghts, to dronm of Bpe-.ch or action ; but, as bo saw tho woman who was ' Norn,' and not the ghost of his 'dead love, who woe gray haired and old, and yet movod with tho free qnick step of onrly youth—as ho saw her passing from him without ono word, ono backward look, all tho keen e.angoisb of his troubled thonghts found *jrajnt' in n brief bitter cry. Hfyilt' reached her. It readied ber and V brought her brick. Sho pauRed, cost one startled glance over her shoulder, and then—Arthur could never tell how it all happened—jnst as the dark waters seemed closing over bis bead, she was kneeling nt his feot, clasping his cold oarJIiands.' with hor warm loving fingers, looking into his face with hor dark, loving,; passionate eyes, cnlling him with her own tender voice to livo and look on her, and not to break her heart. Yen, it was Nora—Nora in living SSfleab-abd-blood realily—cbonged, oh, so Xdjibrigbd from the Nora of the old days— wouingeS' oven from the wild-eyed maddened Nora ho had loft upon hor wedding-day—a now Nora, with eyes that wore ineffably sad through all their glad and tender light of recognition, with a palo spiritual face that, crowned witb Buch untimely snow, looked like the face of a virgin-martyr, pure and £ fair and sweet! . : |$ The shrouding veil thrown back, the eyeB upraised, the soft bands clasping his—so Arthur Beauprc's lost love came back to him that day, not in a droam or vision, but in reality and truth. And so for a little while tboy clung together; forgetting all things in tbo blessed sonso of reunion. Death might have found thorn in that moment, and found them both content. Bnt presently, like ice falling on fire, memory and fear awoke—fear for her. ,If not dead, if not ir> that ono Bafe spot that' earth could cfiVr her oh n refuse, then Nora was in cruel peril still. The ?man drew nwny from her with sudden terror, looking round with wild haggard eyes. All the weary weeks und days that had worn themselves awoy so drearily, so slowly, became ns nothing in a moment—'Lord de Gretton's murder was a thing of yesterday, and Nora a huntod fugitive still. ' Yo'nr'veil—some ono will see yon !' bo cried handily, though indeed there was no ono in sight. * Nora, do not st'.y n momeut bore I' She'roso in an instant, and the pale lovely face contracted nB in a spasm of sharpest iig>ny ; sho just glaticod at the child, who . had seated herself on tho grass at a littlo distance, and .van apparently taking no heed of her, then said, in the Bwcet low voico he bad thoneht bushed for ever— ' TJicro ; 'ia no' danger. You forget tbo.;., I am dead 1' " Arthur shuddered at tho words spoken with such sorrowful firmness. Did not this calm acceptance of a living death mean as calai n confession of that crime of which it mnddened him to think—? which, looking into the puro proud face, it seemed so impossible to connect with hor? ; ' "_>> end?. You ore not dead!' ho cried, speaking with savage rcughnofs, born'of his crnol pnin. ? Oh, Nora, I almost wish joa were, rather than living thus!' ' Why ?' She wincod n little, and grew n shade whiter; but in heriwide clear oye's thero was no trace of shania, only a hopeless bali-iudignnnt pain. 'Somehow that look dazzled and thrilled the haggard watch with the sweetest hope. Was it possible ? Yes, einco Norn lived, nil tlu'njjs were pos sible ! Wub it. true that he had foully wronged the girl he lovod so dearly ? ' Arthur'—the Bweot clear voice was innnityly sni— ' is life ovon harder and more bitter than I thought it?' Have youftoo'—she paused a second, drawing a Jong ? painful breath—' condemned mo 7' The accusation of hor voico was the . sweetest music it had over made lor Arthur ; .tbe anger of hor eyes more wel come aud precious than any look of love. Both seemed to givo him new life and Btrongth, and yot to sting bim with remorseful pain. Ho forgot his weak ness, and rose quickly to his foot, clasp ing the Bmall cold hands with convulsive force, and flaying, with broken farvonr— ' Only, tell mo, Nora, that I was wrong, and I will doabt myself, my own eyes and: ears, tho whole world, every thing but yon !' Slio drow away her hand, and stood before him in perfect silence, but eilenco that Ktru':k him to the heart. Somehow the positions had reversed themselves ; she,was tho judge and ha tho trembling criminal. ' Was there not ono person to beliove in mo? Did oil Iho world think mo guilty?' Tho cry broke almost nnconscioosly from tho palo lips. Arthur sow the old lost look—the look of utter desperation and abandonment—shadowing her fnco onco'niofi;; ncd yet ho could not spook tho \jprd?,thrift burned upon his lips, for nt that moment tho solitude was brokeu in ufjnn by a' little group of passers-by. Ho could only draw her., down upon -the bench, and jealously'tty^ to. screen ber from observation. ''. *v.",'., It wan an odd irony of heir fate, that posed thorn time id this easy lover- like attitude, wbilo.tbo girl's heart was hot with-indignant, pain, and ? his tbrebbed with late and wild romorao. ? Aβ the strangers paesad, ebe would have risen; but he kept her prisoner still, and whispered, with an eager passion that gave him strange- ? and suddun strength— , . ' No, you ahull hear mc, Nora 1 |Wbs it strange? Yon were mad—a trapped and helpless) croaturo, with helpless misery in yonr heart and a wild fevorin your brain. If iete hod placed a weapon .in your bands at such a momont ' ' I might have used it,' sbo finished, with n convulsive shuddor. ' But Arthur, an Ileavtm boors mo, I did not; I am i?s innocent of Lord de Gretton'fl mnrdor as that child—as you 1' Oh, blessed fulneps of conviction that robbed upon the tortured man with that clear unfaltering speech ! , Oh, blessed lifting of the load that hnd well-nigh crushed him to the earth ! He conld not speak nr move, he conld not see the dear proud face for tears that blinded him— ho conld only lower his face upon his hands and utter all his gratitude and praise in one groat voiceless sob. ' I cannot prove it, Arthur.' All tho past is one dark drcadfnl dream. I only know that I am innocent.' ? And I will prove it I' Arthur Beanpru cried proudly ; but she shrank back with a little cry— ' Oh, Arthur, I am dead 1' Before he could break in with an eager protest, they henrd n endden cry, and, looking up, saw Vance Singleton towards them with a look of blankest dismay. Ho did not recognise Arthur at first—it was long since they had met, andtimo and sorrow and climatio in fluences had changed the young soldier much—the sight of Nora in conversation with any one made him uneasy. 'Vance, have yon forgotten Arthur Beaupre ?' Nora said gently ; and then he held ont his hand in frank welcome, though there was only on added con sternation in bis look, and muttered blaDkly— , ;??.; ' Mother, Cristine, and y'oa.l By George, things ore coming to a crisis now!' 'So much the better,' Arthur said, firmly and proudly; ? they could not, and they should not, stay as they are for ever!' Vance twisted his long \ moustache with what, in any other cirenmstanoee, would have been a look of serio comio dismay. ' No, no, of course not. The difficulty ie, what would you do ? ' ' Find out the real murderer,' Captain Bcoupre said grimly—so grimly that Vanco looked round, as though dreading tho rchn of bie words. . . Nora sat with clasped bands, eageriy listening ; her face was quite calm and composed now, bnt in thti great sad eyee there wae tbo faint dawn of hope and joy. ? : ? ? ' A terrible task, I fear, , Vanco said nervously—' a erne] trial to Nora's nerves at the beet. And—oh, yon mast come to Qβ and talk it over! I cannot keep her here. . His o<ffn nerves were ea evidently shaken that be dared try them no longer. Moreover, Arthur remembered thut it was time for tho appeurnnce of Mrs lieaupre and Mies Fontiiyne, ho lio made po ofl'ort to detain them ; and tho three wcro soon ont of night. Bot, ob, what a changed world was this on which ho looked with happy nnety ojee—no more a world that bad crushed and overwhelmed, bat a world bo would vet convince and conqner—for was not Nora living and innocent ? Chapter XXIV. Tho great facts hannted Crietine Singleton's thought oil through the long eleeplens night that followed Banjuda's proposal. ' She was engaged to the richest man ehe know ; happiness, as she understood it, woe at last within her grnsp, and, in the very moment that made her cafe, Vimco ha , ! rolurnod to lay her hopee in the dust and fill her with vnguo uncertninty nnd dread. That her brother never had forgiven— nover would forgive—hor treachery to Nora ehe knew ; far easier would it have been to win paiduu from the dead girl than from the man who had fo bitterly resented her wrongs. Evon Mrs Bruco did not know how wide the breach between her children wae, fur sho had not seen tho brief savage epistle in which, on tho evo of quitting England, Vance iind bidden hie sister an eternal farewell. 1 1 will not reproach yon ; bnt I will not speak to you ognin. The stain of blood may be on Nora's hands, bat it ie on your nonl, and yoa will always bo tho murderess in my thoughts. Bomo I day even her punishment will find you ent and reach you.' She shuddered as nbe recalled tho wild words that had hardly touched her at tho time ; the punishment seemed near at hand now, nr.d ii would be crushing if it took tho shape she feared. ' I will aot survive MHch a defeat,' she paid, looking, as she Ret her small white teeth together, very weird and wan in tho gray morning light, very ualiku tho fuir lily qneon of tho liamn's fancy. ' 1 will never wither nway, in tho , dull country life that mother looks forward to bo quietly. I a poor c'?Holalo old maid ? No, 1 will dio firnt; this is my Inst chnnco ! Vance must listen if I toll him this. If I innrry liuron jknjuda, I will bo ii quod wnmun ; it is bo flyfy for tho rioh to to gocd. ](—jt aujthitig prevents llio morrinjju ' Criutine's feco was very pule, hor eyes hnd n rosolute light. Iα lier lu'iirt iide wuk mnkinx nu imp'ouh bargain with the 1 llnuven blio hnd oflVnded, mid not with the brother nh(m<>foif;iv(;noss who ulmoat dtfifuiireil (if winnirg. And yet, n-cklefic" as HhiT wii?, there was romething of truth , uini Homi'tliing of pathos in her roHolve. Sho did lueau to be ' good, , if only d'iio might be n> on hor own tcrum. She was weary of tint wickedness that had paid her ro ill.. Tbe oldpiwaiwiate jealously of Nora had nteceeoarily. died ont for lack of tool, iho old love for Arthur .? Beauprci', ? tho ono genuiuo emotion of her life, and as dead. A well had grown up between tho old life, and the new, and eho full it hard that tho pristine of theeo dayu, who wislmd ill to Ho ouo, oud only well to her mother and herself, shonld be confounded with tho fierce revongoful creature who had wrought such miebbiof in tho days that Were dead, _ ? ? Buroly Vance must see things in this light,' she thought, as she nrtayed '.herself With coasidorablu trepidation for the coming interview with hor brother — for Vftuce, having been dnly apprised of their whereabouU, hud promised to cull early in the day. , ' At,le?et we eball not meet in Bon judo'a presonco,' Miss Singleton thought, with a norvons laogb, when, a little before nooo, she beard her brother's clear voioo in tbo hull, mid a few seconds later her mother's glad welcoming cry. ? I will leave them a few moments together ; it is but fair,' ebo snid, as she closed her bed-room door and walked back to tho tall pier-glass that reflectod a faco so drawn and haggard that sho could hardly believe it her own. She bit her lips till they nearly bled, and forced them to tho ghastly parody of a srnilo, beting herself for the foar she showed. ' It is conscience, I suppose— it cannot' be that I am afraid of Vance— and yet, if my heart would only cease this eiokening throbbing, I conld go down and know the best and—the worst!' (To be Continued. , ) 