The Poisoned Key of Padua. Another delightful relic of the life and times of the tyrant of Padua is a simpl-Jkey— about the size of an ordinary door key. It was the key of the duke’s library in his private room. When he wanted to get rid of any of his suito or any person in his household that he had bitter feelings against he used to ring his bell and ask for 4Ir. John to be sent to him — fancy name, of course—and when John entered the duke would say— • Oh, John, I wish you would go to the bookcase in my private room and bring me the ‘ Dagonet Ba'lads.' ” “ Certainly your grace,” Sir. John would say, and then away he would trot with the key in his hand. When he got to the library he would put the key in the lock of the bookcase and turn it. But directly he turned it, out of the key shot a long, poisoned needle, which stabbed the hand of the holder, and instantly shot back again, John would drop the key and say,-— • “ What the deuce was that?” He would look at hi3 hand and see only a 1 small, dark blue spot. He would think nothing of it, but all of a sudden he would begin to feel queer in hi3 head. Presently some one would come in and find him in a fit on the floor, and the household would be alarmed. “ Mr. John has had a stroke or a fit, the pecple would say. A doctor would-be sent for, but his services would be of no avail. In twenty- four hours Mr. John would bo dead, and everybody would think that he had died in a fit. There were no botheiing coroners’inquests in t hose davs to upset the plans of clover fellows like the Duke Francis. “Clarisa,” writes to ask, “What is the best age for raatiimony ?” That depends, Clarisa. Wecan hardly pre scribe without seeing the patient. For some girls we should answer: “ Neverfor others: “ The age at which you get the first chance.'’ « W]iy do you shake your bead so despond ently, my friend l" asked a good brother at the camp-meeting. “ I’m afraid (here is mighty little hope for me,"replied the penitent, brokenly. “I’ve been au organiser of brass bands for twenty five years.” “T can’t say that I’m stuck on Sue Fitz perev,” remarked Amy. “ Sue is liable to fly off the handle.” “ Yes,” replied Mildred, mildly correcting her friend’s slang. “I too have observed her tcndcucy to disassociate herself from the hilt with winged celerity.” “ I wonder that you dare to take so great a risk as going np in a balloon,” said a young lady to an scron.iut. “ There is out little risk, Miss, in going up,” replied the man of highflying ; “ it is the coming down that gives us the greatest anxiety." A cat that plays the piano is said to be the latest wonder. The creature’s ex hibitions are in no way remarkable, however, when merely to bang away at the keys is termed, as it is now, playing; the cat who could not be taught to do as well as that ought to be shot. “Did the close resemblance between a ghost and a balloonist ever strike you 1” asked the Snake Editor. “No," replied the Horae Editor. “How do thev resemble each other 1” Well, a balloonist is an aeronaut.’’ “ Yes ; but what is a ghost ?” « It’s an airy nought, too.”_ Patron • “ I wonder why a beard doesn't grow on my face." Barber: “ I don’t know. Perhaps the cause is-hereditary.” «• 1 don’t think so. My father bad a mag uifiicent beard.” “ Perhaps so, but your mother hadn’t. I knew her well.” “ And so yon have brought my beautiful •Alpaohso home, have you, like an honest man, instead of keeping himyourself, as you might easily'have done ?” said the delighted lady as she fondled the poodle. “ Were you not strongly tempted to keep the darling creature?” “No mum,” replied the incorruptible man. as he pocketed the reward. “.It weren’t no temptation. I couldn’t have sold his hide or a shilling at this season of the year, mum." Seedy Party (to barman): “ Gimme a ® Bauman : “ Yes, sir. Do you want it ex. tra fizzy?’’ ' Sjiedy Pabty : “No,'extraginny.” An exchange says we have a right to take an umbrella or a kiss witliout permission wherever we can. Well, but if the umbrella isn't returned the fault is ours; if. the kiss isn’t it is the lady’s. 