THE LADIES' CALLERY. BY JUSTIN AI'GAHTHY, ALP. AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. : Authors ok "The Right Honoiiaei.r." ' VOLUME III. Chapter X. The Binbia'.w lixcil in Carlton House Teriaec. Their house hntl lieen the property of a ncblo lord, xvith an historic name and an almost historic collection of krie-h-bma nml paintings, who had ruined himself on the tail'; and Binbian lrad bought the house as it stood, and had there established himself xvith his- xvifc. It xx-as a very beautiful house, looking out at the'bnck 011 St. James's l'nrk. xvith a great liall and spacious reception rooms, and a vast conserx-ntory that xx-as, indeed, like a small winter garden, and xvas filled xvith slimy and curious cactus plants and orchids and nil tlie rarest and most beautiful ttoxvers that gardeners' art couhl supply. Binbiau had a fancy that Berenice should he surrounded xvith lioxvcis, anil that the delicate, tenderly nurtured blossoms should somchoxr symbolise his love anil care for her. As they stepped out of the cold night into tho xvarm, luxuriant hall, the soft atmov-p'aere xx-as laden xx-itli tho scent of lillics of the valley, and all about tlie supper table xx-ere slender vases of Venetian glass and little bowls filled xvith the most exquisite tea roses. Berenice threxv off her fur cloak and sat down by the fire, pnle and silent, xvhile Binbian eagerly questioned Ransom ; and Rick, for all his bravery and determination, at times gavo nervous and embarrassed ansxvers, xvhen Binbian's affectionate anxiety pressed home 011 some soro point, or xvhen Binbian appealed to Berenice, and lie dared not look towards that dark form by the fire for tlie maddening con sciousness that his eves might meet those otlier deep sad ej-C3, and, whether lie would or 116, speak tho silent language which xvas forbidden to them both. Seeing her thus, in lief oxx-ii home, by KIi'.b:an.'s fireside, the reality of the situation xvas borne in upon him' with a nexv nml more poignant bitterness. For the moment it xvas almost ineie than lic could bear. He coiilil lint speak to licr. 1 1 seemed a mookery of the past to offer her tho ordinary social trivialities. At first, xvhile they were seated at supper, he neither looked at her nor addressed her. Then suddenly he - -hceamo conscious that Iliiibian's eyes moved from him to Bcrcnico with a perplexed expression, and, spurring himself to the effort, lie began to talk to her— the conventional talk about her house, her London life, the Parliamentary prospects- forced, by lack of poxver to command his voice, to be ns rigid ami conventional ns the veriest stranger. She ansxvered hint constrainedly, coldly. Both xvore too deeply moved to know hoxv unlike thoy xvere to -their ordinary solves, or to guess hoxv their manner must strike Biii- binn. Agnin, as these stiff, bald commonplaces xverc interchanged, Binbian gave a troubled glance nt his wife and at his friend. A sense of bewilderment crept over liim and an un easy feeling that somctiiing xvas xviong. Ho xvas aware that tliey had met in America, ami had come together across tlie Atlantic, aud that Ransom had been a frequent visitor at tlie Link. Was it not through Ransom's iiistnimeutality that his wife had been gix- en back to him ? A 1 darting fear pierced liis heart. Might not this Published by . special arrangement xritk the author. All rights reserved. be a cause of: resentment on Berenice's part against Ransom V It was this, perhaps, which made her so distant and Richard so ill at case. Berenice had fancied herself free. It was Ransom who, in his passionate wish to servo his friend, had discovered her and told lior tho truth, and so worked upon licr in the name of fluty as to force her back into what she felt to be slavery. He got up hastily from his chair, and stood for a minute witli his back to the firo Watching hor — noticing how she avoided meeting Ransom's eyes, and how llausom looked away from hers when lie spoke to her. Tlie doubt was porriblc. Slic looked up at him. Her clear, candid gaze drove away tlie grim fancy. On some pretext, lie went to her side. " You look tired, my dear," lie said. There was something peculiarly tender in his "my dear.;" it always touched her curiously. "No,"sho answered at once, "not at all tired or ready for bed — unless" — she licsitatcd — " unless you and Mr. Ransom have a great deal to say to each other and would rather I went away." " AYhy, no," said Binbian, simply. "Rick knows that I've no secrets from my wife. It's a partnership of three now. You must mind that, Rick and Berenice and he gave a little husky laugh. " Bat there's no need forme to tell you two that you must be friends," lie added wistfully; "you've been friends for a long time. Isn't. it so, Rick — Berenice ?" In the moment of dead silence that followed his appeal, tlie moment iii which that unhappy pair braced up their strength, which bad been faltering, for the part they had to play, Binbian again felt tlie paralysing doubt. Bat it was only for a moment. Berenice spoke gravely and steadily. " No, Gregory, there is no need. ; Mr. Ransom and I are friends ; and we shall always be friends, I hope. " She went near to Ransom and put out lior hand. The young man took it in his. Its touch was cold as death. Tlie touch seemed to lift, him; above his cowardly emotion, and fill him with I Bfinrn'nf his nwn lYMkitfyw. ITa would show her that lie could he strong. There was no trace of agitation in his voice. . " Yes, dear old mate. Friends always— the best and truest — better and truer friends than we have ever been — now that you are onr common interest." He turned to Berenice, and ; deliberately said, her name for tlie the first time in sneaking to hor. ."Mrs. Binbian, . that's1 saying a good deal.. You have always been, kind to me, and have encouraged and helped; 'me in the right way. Aud then there's Tony,", he went on with feverish eagerness, not allow-1 ,ing Iter time to speak. "I do want to hoar all "about-Tony, and Sir Anthony, aud Lady Strange, "rind-Miss. DelL" :/. t :"Tbey are all well and exceedingly happy ..just now," Borenioe answered, .with forced lightness. "My. uncle and aunt are at the hank,' hnd Philippa has been away for. ever so long. She wont to Switzerland first to join Mrs/Lance, "the artist; you know, with whom shelivod at' the Boltons— and Mrs. Lance had a brother, who died,' and who, I fool, sure; was fond of rhiiippa, and has. been a bond between Rhiiippa ami Mi-3. Lance. . Anyhow, - Philippa has , wintered with hor abroad ; and. I - fancy somehow from Philippa'a letters that silo is not .quite so heartless in her pursuit of 'copy '' as she used to be." ... .. "And Tony ?" a3kod Ransom, . . j . "Tony is with them now at Nioc. I have some news to tell you about Tony. AYe only, heard it ourselves yesterday, and itHias 'rriado lis all glad.". ' ! " j . .can gne33 what it is," said1' Ransom. " Miss Dell has at last -ma.de up her mind that Tony's niodc.of, love making is sufficiently fervid and original and varied to serve lier.ns a lasting model for Jiorlieroe3." " ' i i Binbian laughed heartily, and Berenice faintly echoed his langb. . : - , . .. "Yes ; it is true," he said; "Tony hahasked Rhiiippa to marry him, and she has consented at' last ; and they are coming homo soon/ and then everything will be settled." . j "I've never seen Miss- Dell," Binbian said.' "Do you know, -Rick, I bad a fancy for a bit,1 till Tony put it out of my lioad, that you bad fallen in tovo with Mis3 Dell, and that she had refused yon, and that she was the reason why you went wandering. " \- Richard shook his head and' laughed a 'littlo bitterly. " That was a foolish fancy; Jo. I'm not one of the marrying sort; and, besides, Tony was in- the field from the first. Tony stood to win from tho start. No ;' Mi3s Doll isn't re- Aponsiblo for my roaming fit." < ' " AVhat is responsible, my boy?" " Tho nature of tho neast. .AYhy, Binbian Jo, don't you remember liow I wont down to Mol- bourne, intending to have' a high old timo, and how l made tracks for the bush before I'd been three weeks in that Babylon of the Antipodes? That's the way it was with mo hero. Your fine civilisation is' a sickoning thing— the' heartless- iress and falseness of it, the mammon- worship, the trampling of souls aud the starving of 'lioiio3, and the hopelessness of trying to make tho evil less ! You'll get to' feel like that at tho oiid of next'season, Binbian. You'll long to escape from the glare and gas and humbug and misery— from the finely dressed crowds and tho fagged creatures in the streets. You'll long, for a little bit of nature— for the sound of tho wind "among the sho oaks, and the sweet pure uotb of the bell bird in the scrub.". ' , ' ' " I feel like that sometimes now, Rick. But ,it's my mission to stop among tlie crowds, and it's your mission too. Aud then you cau hear a bell bird with a sweeter, nobler tunc than that "you and I listened to in the old days in the 'scrub. AYlien I'm sick of tlie "mammon-wor ship and all the rest, and farioy myself somehow part of tlie' show and the sham, and hate myself .forbsing the man lam, that note fills mo with 'thankf illness and joy, and seems to iraise mo into a better, purer life. . Berenice, you'll not 'smiio at our fancy/ and'yon'li bo our bell bird— Rick'saml mine.- It's gcttinglate, my/dear, atid you're pale and should go to your, rest ; but will you slug oho song to Rick aud mo 'before you go? " . V, , . . " Yes, . certainly; Gregory, if you wish it." .. -There was apiano.ina reoess in tboroom,and Borenico Bat down to.it. ; , ; " AYliat shall I slug ? " bIio asked. Choose . . for me, Gregory." . . . .... Ho wont .into an, adjoining room to search among some mimic. ... Berenice, played softly, and Ransom sat listening as it iis woro in a droam. Neither of .them spoko a word till Binbian came back. Ho put- a pieco, of, music on the stand before -Berenice. > "I've brought you tills, ho said— "ono of . my. best favoritios. It's a littlo poem we found in an old American magazino, Rick, and she set \t to music. " Berenice sang — .- " What shall I do, my dear, III the coming years, I wondor, AVIion our paths, which lie so sweetly near, Shall lie so far asunder 7 " And liow will it be with you In this weary world, I wonder? > Will you love mo still with a love as true When our paths lie far asunder 7 . . swoeter, sadder tiling 5 My Jife fur having known you : io r ever my most saerod kin, Jly soul's soul, I must own you " For ovor mino. my friend, From June to life's December; \- Nob mine to havo and hold — Mine to pray for aud remember. " The way is short, my friend. That stretches out before us ; God's tonder heavens above us bend, IBs love is smiling o'er us. "A littlo while is ours For sorrow or for laughter. I lay tlie hand you love in yours On the shore of tlie lloroafter." Her voice was clear and truo to the end. AYhcn site had finished, she got up from tho piano ; and Richard rose too, and went towards her. " They are good words," be said abruptly and unsteadily. " I — I like the song. I shall tako the thought of it away with mo. It — it should make me better. Good night." "Good night," she said, aud put her cold hand once more in bis. Binbian followed Ransom out into tlie hall. He wanted him to 3tay longer, but Ransom refused. "Not to night, Jo. I'm not in tlie mood somehow for talking and smoking — not settled down yet. Come round to my diggings to-morrow — the old place, you know — and we'll have a good old yarn." "All right Rick. I'll not bother you now ; lmt tell me" — Binbian hesitated, with an almost boyish shyness—" tell me, do you think she looks well— looks happy ?" "Yc.s," answered Ransom, doggedly. "She looks well, and sho looks happy. You will make her happier yet, Jo." "It's what I pray for," said Binbian, fer vently. "Rick," I owe this to you. You found her, and you gavo her hack to mo. God bless you for it, Rick. Go;J bless you for all you've dono for me. It's foolish sentiment to talk of paying with one's life ; btit you remember the vow I made. Rick,, that night wc became mates. If it wanted my life to pay you, yon should have my- life, and. thankfully. Good night, mate." 1 ; The men clasped hands, and Richard stepped out into the clear starlit night. Binbian stood for a minute and watched him with something of the look that a father might send after a dearly loved son,- over whom his wholo. heart was . yearning, -hut who, he know, had some hidden care,- to which even a father's love could not reach. - " He's not the brave, cheeir chop be used to. be — not so full of liope and eagerness," mnr- mnred Binbian. ."There's some trouble on his mind— the 'trouble, -perhaps, a woman could bc3t help liim with. She shall holp him." Ho went back to his wife. - ; He had a way of treading softly when, lie approached her pre sence. -It' was- a kind of - reverential impulse, that made him careful even of tlie jar of a foot- stop. The door swung back noiselessly, and he aaw lier standing, by: tho. piano, .where- he had left her, a dazed look-on her face, and her hand pressed to her side as if 9he were in pain. - l \- '"Berenice," he cried,- "what is the matter my dear?" -i ' . ; She started at his voice, and tried to smile ; but tlie smile died .away and was like the ghost of;itself., "Nothing,"-, she-, said. .. ."-I— am— only- tired." ,1. .. ; Tlio words broke, . She stretched ' out her hauds in helpless, groping foshiqn„tottercd, aud, as lie.rushod to put his arms round her, she fell against him in a faint. It - » CUAPMR XI. ; . Rick RansomVpnl303 were thrilling, as he left Binbian's house. The night -was bright but cold; cold with a ohill not like that most fami liar to our Loiulon-atmo3phere. 'It was a dry/ keen cold that might' have reminded one of Canada. - There had been sleet, and rain, and snow ; "and then the keener frost came, and turned the puddles in the streets into hard and shiny mirrors; which give back the light of tlib moon. Rick felt himself strung up to an almost fervid pitch of exaltation. This first effort at mere friendship with Berenice— in which he had so.- nearly failed— hnd tried him severely ; but allcffortsatsolf sacrificehave, heaven bo thanked, a teiidehcy to purify and uplift tho mind. ' ' At tho least thoy always strain off it some of the meaner particles ot egotism and of selfishness.: Tho egotism -they may not wholly clear away, for one cannot strive to ho self sacrificing. with out nourishing his egotism by the very process ; but tho egotism which Is nourished in this way is tho highest of its kind — is near akin to abort of virtue. All the timo, he seomod to hoar . Berenice's voice, and yet all the . time ho was trying to force lus thoughts away from lier. I will find work," he kept saying to himself, in a mechanical sort of way. " I must find work. I will stamp it out." As he . walked along Fall Mall his cxnlU mood sobered a little, and bis vaguo aspirations took moro dofinite shape. To bo false in word or thought to Binbian would bo the worst crime. He would face liis danger. Ho. would work with Binbian and Berenice, and lie would find moro active work of his own. Ho was dotor- mined that he would not moon and maunder his life away. Ho would not put himself into attitudes of regret. He would not, even if ho should cvor clianco to bo alone with Berenice again, give evidence, by the slightest glanco or cliango of tono, that he had, or had . over had, any claim on her but that of friendship ; ami he would throw himself into the cause of the poor and the neglected moro vigorously than heihad done before. "Yes, I am glad to, bo back in London," lie said to himself. "It is better. I will find something to do hero ; I will be of some holp to somebody." ; He was not inclined to go home just yet, although it was rather late. : From his earliest days in London he had lovcd: nothing : better than -.wandering purposeless through -.tho mid night streets. Now the shining moon and the cloar darkness : of the sky invited him to a stroll. He: was smoking, and. ho was in that curious state of mind when ono who is distinctly conscious of his unhappiness is also vaguely conscious of the fact that the highly strung Amotion-, brought into play by unhappiness is in itself not wholly unlike a certain mood of happiness. Extreme cold scorches as well as extreme heat. . A great disappointment excites sometimes in very much tho samo sort of way as a great success, " Perhaps," Ransom thought to himself, "some time, years away from tiiis, I shall look back upon this very night and think liow happy I was then — how happy, although I did not then know it ; liow happy, how Iiic3t, in that I lovod and was disappointed ! AYhon the years go on, aud I grow to more than middle ago, nnd only care for my dinner nnd for tho carrying of some vote in tho House of Commons, nnd am grimly-glad that I am a free, unfettered bachelor, with no wifo or child to clog my movements aud add to my oxponscs — then, per haps, on fsomc moonlight night liko this, I shall go back in memory to tiiis night of disappointed love, and shall say in bitterness to my own soul, ' I would give up all I have on cartii for tho mood of that nigut.'" Full of sucli thoughts as these, such forecast of self, such present self analysis, Ransom loitered heedlessly along, until he found him self, he hardly knew how, in Trafalgar-square. He called a halt there to look at Laudsccr's lions, and to look also at the clear aud star- lighted heaven. Suddenly ho became aware of a sort of on- oampmont'in what we may perhaps call the basin of Trafalgar-square. AYe are not speak ing of the fountain basins, but of the lower level of the Square itself. Tlie flags wore all dotted over witli groups of occupants. There, under the keen cold of the sky, Ransom became aware of tlie fact that men, women and children were sleeping. It was chilly to him as ho stood there wrapped in his huge fur coat and smoking his cigar ; and what must it be to the thinly clad wretches who weve lying on the cruel stones of the pavement ? Ho surveyed the whole scene with wonderiug eyes. Yes; tho pavement of Trafalgar-square was covered with squatters. Some were asleep ; some wero awake. Some were whispering ; some wore singing ; some were screaming drunk; some wero eating their poor scraps of supper. Tlie one fact that came home clear to Ransom's mind was that there was a largo popu lation of Londoners, or of people who had coino up to London, for whom the pavement of Trafalgar-squaro was their only bedchamber. He went down into tlie lower level of tho Square. AYe know liis gift of familiarity ; lie soon got into talk witli some of those who wero awake. Ho loarned that during his absence from London a quite now movement had sprung up — a struggle between the representatives of authority and the representatives of poverty. Trafalgar- square had long been used by the bomolcss poor as a resting plaoeat night. There, within a few minutes' drive of Buckingham Falace on tho one side, and a few minutes drive of tlie Mansion House on tlie other side, English men and women were glad to got the flags of a public square for their bod every night. Ransom thought grimly over tlie words spoken by Chatham — at all events, tlie words ascribed to Chatham — about tlie ca3tle like security of tho house of an Englishman : "The winds may enter ; tlie rain may enter ; but tho King of England dare not enter!" "Here," Ransom said to himself, "is tlie Englishman's castle. The winds may enter — they are quite freo to enter ; the rains may enter— thoy entered last night, and will probably enter to-morrow ; but the Sovereign of England certainly will not dare to enter in weather at all like this, especially at night.' "Yousooma decent sort of man," Ransom said/addressing one of this crew of tho ghastly, who was putting a piece of sacking .over two miserable children and was dismally smoking a pipe that snorted in the preliminary process of getting it alight. "How is it that' yon can't iiave'a better place to stowaway your children in at night than this?" "Can't afford1 it, governor," was tho answer. " Can't pay for any place to sleep in. ' I'm out of regular employ, and I try to get A living by doing occasional jobs of work as a sandwich man. I've' got two children, and my poor old woman is dead ; and 'a good job for hor, too." ' , \- "-AYhy- don't you go;into the work house ?" -" Couldn't, 'governor. 'Don't you see' I ain't a pauiier ; I am earning " something/ Thoy ivbuldn't take me in ; and, anyhow,'. I wouldn't go.". ' .. ; /' .. '// . ' "Do you mean to say,", Ransom';cxclaimed with energy, ."that you have slept here, you and' yoiir cliildroii, all this past winter in' tlio rain andsnow ?" '. , '.'.I do mean it,' govcrfior.' I' can't pay, for -a plaoe, to sleep iii— not' likely— and Ave are' only tbo'giad'to'be allowed to sleep iii -peace and quiotne33.hore." , "Good God!" Ransoiu exclaimed, "who wants to disturb you'?." / Then he learned the whole story of what had happened ; during , his 'absence from England There'ha'd been a very prolonged summer— hot weather extending into autumn ; ' and tho' attention of the respectable residents had been called to the fact that /Trafalgar-square was tlio sleeping chambdr of tlio poor. The poor'made some sort of imitation, of undressing there at night and' of dressing in the sunny, morning. They washed themselves and their children in water taken from the fountains. Once or twice a heedless girl took a public bath in the basin of a fountain. This misguided damsel made the respectability of the neighborhood to boil over. She was the Lucrctia, tlio ATrgiuia, the Florinda of tho hour. Not 'that she .was either heroine or victim, like these ladies, but that she was the occasion of the final catastrophe. Respectability and authority shrieked at ho'r, and declared that the wretched squatters must all bo driven out of Trafalgar-square. Tho cause of the squatter's was taken up earnestly, vehemently, by some Socialist agitators, and afterwards by some Radical members of Parliament. This latter fact gave pause to tho more peremptory movements of respectability and authority, and tho squat ters were'not disturbed for the present.- The Radical members ' of Parliament— the few who had taken up tho cause— made it ail occasion for demauding a' full Parliamentary inquiry into the wliolo condition of the London poor; the Socialists made it an occasion for a general denunciation of the whole existing system. Public attention was aroused to the question, and men Began, according to thoir nature, to tako different sides. . Meanwhile the squatters had obtained a reprieve. Ransom wandered round and round the great square/ If he saw a man or n group awaka, ho entered into talk and gat all tlie ideas he could. He could not liut see that many of the squat- tors wore worthless ne'er-do-wells, for whom no social system could have provided. He saw that many men and women were mere drun kards ; that many women, oven young women, wero of the. class who had quite voluntarily taken to street walking, and had not risen in the profession/ But ho also saw' that tlio greater— by far the greater — number of those who encamped iii tho square wero people origi nally decent and willing to work, hut whom un merciful disaster liad followed fast aud followed faster, until.it lind brought them to the stones of Trafalgar-square for their bed of down. AYhy, he askod himself angrily, should there bo any need, in that metropolis bloated .witli wealth, stiffing and siekeniug. with wealth," for oven one poor and honest family fo havo to make its lodging thus on the cold ground in tlie depth of wintor? And oven, the ne'er-do-wells and the sinners— are .wo who are rich, and who hnvo no occasion to labor, and no particular temptation to sin — arc we to tako no thought for them who, under our conditions, would be no worse than wo are ? "Something shall ho done for thorn nil," lie vowed to himself with energy. "There is my husiuo3s ; that is what I havo got to do. I will make the cause of these poor wretches w.y cause. Yes ; I have an idea. Here, in this very squaro, from which' these Iiomeless creatures are to ho driven, wo will hold monster meeting aftor monster meeting to consider what can lie done to give honest unemployed men nnd women a chance of em ployment, and to give tlioso who havo fallen into idleness or vice a possibility of redeeming themselves. How is tiiis to be done ? I don't know. I hnvo not yet thought ovor it ; nobody lias, so far as I cau see. But it cannot bo an insoluble problem. Tac genius of man must be ablo to do something to settle it. Tlie trouble so far has been that no one lias tried. Let statesmanship only give it half tho attention that it lias givou to tlie Eastern Question, and something will bo thought of before long. Any how, let us ring the bell ; let us fire the beacon. Let us call the attention of all tlio English public to tills terriblo question. Trafalgar- square is our place. I don't believe in liydo Park for a purpose of this kind. Hyde Park is out of the way ; and a great publio meeting there doesn't come in society's way, or in the way of tlie club3 aud tlie shopkeepers. A great public meeting orates and cheers and listens in Hyde Park, and the loungers in the Row don t even know that it is going on. All London will listen to what we have to say when we stop tuo traffic in Trafalgar-square." So Ransom tried to drown his sorrow, lnc new agitation lie started soon caught fire. Ransom's great leading idea was to force tho condition of the London poor on tho atten tion of Parliament and Society. He had had Parliamentary experience enough already, short as his time had oecn, to teach him that tho attention of the metropolis could not be aroused to any perccptibio extent by a series of debates in the House of Commons. Even ill his first session he had tried something of tlio kind in concert witli a few other members as ardent and earnest a3 himself, if not ail quite so young. Ho had persistently balloted, until nt last ho obtained the first place on a Tuesday evening — the Tuesday evening which is assigned every week to the ex clusive use of private members, until the busi ness of tlie Government begins to be absorbing as tho session draws near to its close ; and then the Government coolly annoxes tlie Tuesday evenings also for its own work, aud tho light of the private member is put out for that session. Ransom had secured his night, aud even got his friends to keep a House for him, and they had a debate on the condition of the poor in the metropolis. AYliatcaine of it? "Nothing prac tically. The Home Secretary talked vaguely of another committee to inquire into the whole subject ; but there had been various committees and commissions on tlie subject already, and the committees and commissions had made reports and offered suggestions — some of tliom very sensible and iiractical, none of tliom certainly very sweeping — and the suggestions had never been carried out. Eacli successive Government was too busy about foreign affairs to have any timo to think of tho London poor. One suporhumanly energetic Administration did indeed bring in n measure for the clearance of certain overpeopled localities in London ; and the work of pulling down the crowded tene ments, where the poor were huddled together, went bravely on for a time. But it was soon apparent that in these particular instances this energetic clearing away was founded on a com plete misapprehension of the faots of the case. The poor of these particular regions; simply could not leave their old quarters. ItAyas not the case of a working men papulation, who came to their labor affixed and regular hours, and whocaii be sent out to. live iii the far-off; healthy suburbs, from which tho workmen's train will bring them comfortably iii 'at the right timo every morning. Tlio population of which wc are now speaking was a population who/made a living, such as it Avals, by selling tilings on the spot, in' their own littlo shops, from their own barrows and baskets-; who tried to sell up to the last moment at -night,- and began again with the sunrise next' morning. These' people could not be.sent away; unless the Government wore prepared to'niaintain thom out of the funds of the State! So1 tlie ilispossesed occupants had 'to be .allowed to 'get . back again to' their./ old quarters on the best terms they could;1 and sanitary reform; discouraged ' arid a littlo ashamed of its 'blunder, crept hack ; into a dark cornor'and fellaslccp. - Ransom's debate was very briefly and poorly reported in the newspapors ; niid, for all the effect it had oil public opinion, outside, might as well have been carried on with closed doors. Now lie bolioved he saw a way. of going to work from which something' better would come. Tho alarum must be sounded. Those who cared for the poor must mount a -great platform aiid beat a big drum. Ransom was an enthusiast, and iii this 1 instance lie would not alloxv Ids enthusiasm to1 he chilled. He ' was constantly met witli tho natural demand, "AYliat do you propose to do? AYhero is your plan? How are we to find employment for tho unemployed, arid decent housing for rill the poor 1" To all this he would answer candidly, I don't know. I havo not any plan as yet. Besides, it' isn't my business.' AVhat I want to do is to compel tho offioial statesmanship of the country to tako tho matter up aud see what can be done. Let tho Afghan Question, and the Borneo Question and tho Cochin China Questiongo by for tho moment, and let as take counsel about tho London poor. If statesmanship finds at last that it really can't do anything in the orthodox way, I don't for tlio life of me, see why we shouldn't give tlie Socialists" a chance. They can't make tilings any worse than tliey rirc. But I 'want to give statesmanship a first chance ; I want to foroo statesmanship to try seriously what it can do." Tins was tlio principle on which Ransom went to work. He got a groat number of earnest and ardent men in and out of Par liament to join with' him. He got Binbian to join witli him ; although, oddly enough, Binbian had littlo hope of anything to ho done of an abiding nature iu that kind of way. But he was riot tho man to refuse to lend a helping hand to any scheme which sought to do good to the poor, and to lightcu the load of tho over tasked. . ' - . , Each friend was perfectly ready and happy to help tho other in his peculiar and self clto3on field of labor. Each believed, and alike in a modest sort of way, that he had wiiat might be termed a mission, or at least a calling, to holp aud servo the working classes arid the iioor. But tho difference of their temperament, character, ago and experience showed itself in their some what different choico of ways. Binbian was for ono great remedy. To his mind tlio whole troublo of the Workers and tho poor was ex pressed in tho words, "tho drink traffic." If thoy could be cured or wcauod of a lovo of drink, then it. seemed to him that all else wo wish for would follow. Rick Ransom cliafcd at all sorts of legal restrictions and disabilities, and had made up his mind that Parliament, if it only would, could find some great compreltori- sivo remedy for the ills of the suffering poor. To him it seemed- ns if drunkenness wero a con sequence and not a cause. Ho was fond ' of nuotirig tho saying of a Fronoli writer that drunkenness was hut the quest for the ideal. Men in poverty and dirt could not hear tho hideous reality of thoir lives, and . tlie only road to the ideal lay through tlio door of tho puhlio house. " Give men and women the possibility of fairly comfortable lives," housed to nrguo, " and they will not go to tho pulilie house. AYhy don't you and I go to tho public house? It is not that wo are one little hit bettor than those who do; it is only that wo don't want to— we are much more comfortablo at home. AYhy don't wo drink too much? Bccanso our lives are very pleasant on tlie whole, and we don't foel nny particular need to get drunk. " But Binbian was fairly delighted to see his comrado plunging into this now movement, and indeed taking on himself its leadership. He knew that there was a secret trouble vexing Ransom's heart, and lie knew also that tlie best and only halm for its healing would ho strong, unselfish action in a good cause. He had not spoken again to Berenice about that cliango which lie saw in Ransom and his own uneasi ness ; and although she throw, if possible, a tenderer tono of kindness into lior voice when speaking to him, sho still Heemcd to hold liiin nt a distance. Binbian felt tiiis, and was vaguely troubled aud ncrploxcd. Ransom came often to tlie house, and unfolded to them all his plans with energotic accompaniment of gesture. Nothing in their outward relations was changed in tho least ; but Biubiau observed too clearly a -rowing coldness aud formality in the manner of lis wifo to iris friend, of Iris friend to Iris wifo. He began to think that tlicy did not like each other ; that lie should have to make up iris mind to tlio foot that tliey did not like each other. Tiiis brought to him an atmosphere of disappointment, of positive discomfort — a feel ing such as tire constant presence of tire east wind might bring with it. . Though lie determined to shut from iris mind that sadder doubt, it would not leave liitn, and at anything strange in Berenice it darted for ward-anil distressed him. AYhy had sho fainted on tho night of Rick's first visit ? Ho had never before known her to faint. There must have berin some shock, some repressed emotion, which' had thrown her off her balance. Her very quiotudo, her extrome gentleness to lrim- solfr'her' manner to Richard— always kind, in definably distant, never free and spontaneous— suggested strong self-restraint. He watched Iter ns a motlior might watch a sick child. Some times lie would see that sire noticed his scrutiny, ami then he would force himself to assume an indifferent air, and would fight witli ills fancies and for the timo forget them. He was glad whon iris friend started Iris new project, and if it had far less chance of ultimate success than it seemed to Binhian to have, Binbian would have given it all tire encourage ment and support in his power. For he said to himself that, even if it failed it could not do any harm to tho poor for whom it was undertaken, and, succeed or fail, it could not but do good to Rick Ransom. It would take him-out of him self, and " it might enlist for him Berenice's sympathy. 1 