miss eyon of eyon .'court. bt.KATHABINK S. MACQUOID, Author of "Pattv," "At tjik Bed Glove," "In tuk SU'kkt ai'itlxuTUiE," Ac. All Eights Ecserved. CHAPTEE XIX.— Continued. Sto him aaotljur snspioiona glance. " No I liavo not finished writing. You cah leave me iiere." Her eves lingered on him as he went to tho other door. She sighed as ho closed it behind "he is a dear follow," she said, "nnd ho will ho thrown away on tiiat nervous, small-natured cliiid ; hut dear an he is I canuot quito trust him X cannot leave him alone with my papers — tils temptation might provo too strong." Rhe sat tliinkiug for some time. Jjv the terms of her father's will, the last sur vivor of his children, male or female, had power to leave the property to whom ho or sho willed. If Marjorie died first, her shara rererted to Miss "Uer life is ncrhaps 110 bettor than mine,'' Bhe thought ; "it would bo wiser in cveiy way if Bh- stayed at Evou Court." She stretched ont her hand to tho boll, and then she drew it hack. She remembered that tli.it there was no ono left to answer it. Sho -olii'd summon Hannah by another boll near her bod hut a hint was never lost on Miss Eyon. itte'r what Mr. Brown had said of the old ser vant she was unwilling to seud a messago to him hy Hannah. "If you want a thing done, do it yourself, th,. said, and she put a white shawl that hung i.er her chair on her head nud opened the door hv winch Mr. Brown had departed. There was no light iu tlio passage outside. ; lie canic back and lit a caudle, and then she went noiselessly along the passage with liar long grey skirt gathered up under her arm. She stopped at Hie door of the young man's room ami knocked. Then; was no answer ; she opened the door luil went in. Tlio room was empty, aud as Miss Eyon ooked round she saw that tho portmanteau nud ,11 other signs of all inmate had vanished — a locket-nook that she had placed on the table lad also gone. Evidently Mr. Brown had loft ionic to-night instead of waitiug till morning. tie was always sudden ill Ilia departures. Miss Eyon went back to tho passage, but in- Itend of .slopping when sho reached the study llio went on up the steps aud opened tho door at the high narrow passage. She walked along :lii?, holding her candlestick well 111 front. She looked much toller than she was, for the shawl had settled in a high peak above her cap, aud when sho posted through i ito tho second gallery her head-gear touched the top of the doorway. Site stopped at. the door of the barred room, bent her head and lisicned. Tho silence wns deathlike. Mies Eyon bc-nt down and softly, opened tlio door. She liclcned again, but there was uo sound. Tito fire still burned on tlio hearth and n night light glimmered faintly oil tho dressing- table. The hed curtains were partly drawn so as to hide the face 011 the pillow, but there was the outline of a figure beneath tho coverlet. Still 110 sound of breathing. A strange dread came to Misa Eyon. She drew her shav.t together nnd moved gently to the bed and drew aside I lie curtains. Marjorie's eyes were wide open, her lips wero parted with tenor. Miss Eyon let the curtain fall and readied the door more quickly than might havo boon expected ; but before she opoued it there came a piercing shriek from the bed. Tliio only served to quicken Miss Eyon's movements. Eho listened when sho was once more safe iu lho passage, but all was again silent. Then as she readied her room sho smiled with self-coagratulation. "It was fortunate that she was moved to that room," she said ; " uo one else could hear that cry." She wondered when she lay down in bed why 6l:e had dreaded to lind Marjorie dead instead oi asleep. Tiie girl's death would simplify matters. "lint, it would have disappointed Eichafd, so perhaps it is lest as it is. Tlio silly baby will go tu sleep again and think she has seen a ghost." CHAPTER XII r. — An AnvENTCItn. Idle Tobias Horner sat smoking outside the Blwlohoiis 011 Thursday morning. The weather was exceptionally mild for December, and only ju-'t iin'.v Mrs. ltay hail been shaking lier head ami sighing. The buxom landlady hail begun to kill iior turkeys, and sho said to tho vaga bond " tliero wad be liobbut a green Christinas." Her forecast, lir.d not troubled Tobias. lie smiled cheerfully at her und answered that for those who lived out of doors " a green bed was letter than a whitu one but when a drizzling rain began lie looked serious, and rising he knocked the ashes oat of lii.s pipe, placed him self under tlio shtlfer of tho door-head and stood there re-filling his pipe. MYbonkors, t'luss uiun lie daft, wheer be she going V" he said presently, as Marjorie parsed at. a quick pace nlong'the path below the inn. His curiosity was roused at seeing the girl out so early, but a wholesome fear of rheumatism kept him from following her. She went so last that sloe had not noticed him. Sho felt literally like a. bird escaped from its cage, and she did not slacken her pace until a turu iu the path hid lier from the manor house and the village. Sim stood still beside a group of trees auu mow a uuep ureaio. ouo loosen round lier with nt-light ; it was so cheering to seethe river and ike beautiful vulloy, even through the driving sho wor of rain ; sho pulled her hat over hereyer. nnd drew tho bag she carried withia the folds of he cloak so as to shelter it. "I am free," sho said. "I shall never go back, thank God, to that terdble house." She trembled so for a few momenta that she leaned against one of the trees. Siie had rooa recovered from the shock of Miss Eyon's visit to her bedside. Her bearing, sharpened by terror, told her that the retreating footsteps along tlio carpetless gallery were tho-e oi a living perron, anil when she" heard the door at the cud close, she decided that her aunt had bean spying ou her. The day that followed that night had been a silent one. Miss Kyou had only- spoken a few words to her when iliey met at luncheon and at diuner time. When sho said good night, as she retired to her study, Marjoriu 'thought Bhejsaid It more kindly than usual, almost no if she knew it to ho a final leave-taking, and then tho girl hail hurried to her own room to pack. , She iilled her boxes with her various lioises- sioas, locked them and put tlio key in her pocket, having first 1 el t one a few necessaries for the hag she meant to take with her, but all this occupied some time. She had, however, a. most finished when Hannah tapped at the door. Marjorie had boiled it by way of precau tion, and she did not know what to do. She dared not let Hannah ill to see the empty ward- roho ami book shelves, aud yet aha wished to Bay soofi-byc to her. "1 can't let you come in, Hannah," she said. 1 11 say good night through the door, nnd thank yen." It seemed to her that Hannah lingered, but she did not again ask to come in. Marjorie waited till she heard lier go aw.av, and then, tired with the excitement which had postered her since lior talk with Mr. Brown, she resolved to go to hed. At first she slept soundly, but sho suddenly awoke. The fire was out, but there was a Hint Rummer from the night-light, nud a strange.'awo crept over her— she folt convinced 'hut tometliing stood between her nnd the dressing-table on which tho light was. Slio could not distinguish oron a shape, but she teemed to know that hor dead uncle, Aunt jouuisao mother John, was looking at lier. ihcro was 110 sound, and yet a noiseless message seemed to como iuto her ears. It bade her stayiat Eyon Court, it told lier aha was cr there than she could be with Mr. Brown, to stay where she was was the path of duty, to escape in this clandestine fashion was . i we Tision ended. Marjorie did net know whether sho had heroine unconscious from terror or whether sho mil nslecp, I'ne 3inidon blank bafllcd her, hnt sho jutted awake again and again in sudden fear, muing her head under the bedclothes and eliak- mp -roni head to foot, till at last feverish, iitful weep came once more. in- n"'"'"' v':u!ml" '1:u' 'eft, however, no abid- OfeHect. She woke as noon as it was light, anil toft her bed resolved that she would not it the hateful liouvo. She dreaded lcnlr '! Blle.Bta.v,!tl nt Eyon Court lier aunt might v,„ 111 her bedchamber, and something ii,J . 1 ? ''tit happened she might t'"! 'a'-e of the poor crated child, aud lose ner reason m the Purred room, tlio 1/1 3'' '-ached tho point opposite 10 river, ana began to descend towards the a or- ess bright than sha had Hometimrs booh » tor the clouds lowered darkly orcrhaad— £WnV!iaactt,J toU lhat she was acting i.a « r,ic Mdgc lay below hor, there wan to bo nsfcii, why Fhould she not keep on WW Ride nF tfm ci.„ t 1 -lu.u. »>i,v nwt mcru was !, niu BJ0 thought that if could walk so far, she might perhaps get a nn/1?"0 She had looked this place j, /J l'c map when sho begau to feel tho 1.io!liw, Court oppiTssiir«, and sho knew JjU ws3 on the way to Ripon. »..ie hesitated. Till now sho had neverl been w/t Upon t0 act for herself ; and both her r_ -.i, Jrs Locker Jhnd held old- it bout the behaviour of young r ,1?en Jarjorie felt verv timid ns sho tried to hnr .p I imlo\vn dangers that lay before im . 01 ' ovedalQ was thou a comparatively lQ\ without rail way a or tourists. Jjorie argued it would bo unkind and' nn- 1 1 t0? t0 lr>t Drown take all this Vn« , ncr en t0 l)lnv hiin-faln?, just '...mif ahe had lia<l adn?air,. Tho frond uir w:ib 'J0 Ri'ves, and (he memory of her rii!r J i ,,<!t:oni0 fainter sjaco sho had lost Ma! v'lB Woy manor honso. Sho looked till.1'1 ln \ Yu''Y T'liera was no nign of a r an for aim know Mnslutm might , j a jrreat y/:\y off. It would be imijos- ' ' ,l0.r n,4, reach Sclhy that night; it ' "!_ -,<5 worifO to find herself benighted than with Mr. Brown. Sho n.moercd, that ho haf\ been ammcd at tho dca of a halt, he said he would take hor to Selby the same evening. She felt ashamed of her own distrust, and went on resolutely towards tho bridge. Sho had soon crossed it, and began to mount tho road which leu up to the ruined castle and the illago at its foot. Long before sho reached the First house she saw a lumbering carriage and a pair of horses coming towards her. It stopped, and then Mr. Brown got out. ('Yoa are punctual," ho said, as thev shook hands ; but ho looked gravo and Marjorio felt very shy of hiui, " I thought this was bettor than picking you up at tho Inn. Tho less observa tion wo attract the better for your sake and for mlno too, for I. suppose I run some risk iu assisting a ward to cucapo from her guardian." Ho turned and led tho way to tho carriage. "Now if you will get in 1 will go outside," he said. This was a great relief to Marjorie. She could not have said why at the bight of the carriage she had felt so strong a dislike t,o the idoa of Mr. Browu as a fellow-traveller. His unusual grnviLy made her timid. She smiled ns she seated herself in the shabby old vehicle. "You aro sure wo shall get to Mrs. Locker's to-night?" she said, as he fastened the carriage door. "To-night," he laughed, "we must try to get there before night. I want to reach London to-morrow by the midday train." " How very kind he is," tho girl thought. " I believe he has delayed his own business to help me." She leaned back in the carriago and closed her eyes. Sho felt full of relief and of thank fulness. Well, sho had had a lesson. She had been quite wiJlhig to go to Ryou Court and to leave good, quiet Mrs. Locker, partly for the sake of change and partly because she longed to see the old home of tho Eyons. " Dear Mrs. Locker ; if sho wero not so good sho would triumph at toy disappoint ment. I havo been well punished for curiosity," she told herself. It would he such happiness to see her dear old friend again, and she thought of the delight it would bo to sit at Mrs. Locker's feet ami tell her all the adventures sho had gone through. " Life seemed very dull at Eyon Court," she thought, " while it weut on ; hut looking back, a good deal seems to havo happened in a short time." (to tie continued.) 