•DIOCESE OF BALIIARAT. (From oiir own Correspondent.) A very pleasing afternoon was spent on last Sunday, the occasion being the distribution of a number of good and beautiful books by the Christian Doctrine Society to the Catholic boys at the Ballarat Reformatory, as has been the custom of the Society for several years past. The Bight Bev. Monsignor Hoyne, Y.G., presided; a good number of the members of the Society, and other ladies and gentlemen, being present, including the Bev. Fr. Brennan, C.S.S.Sp., Holy Ghost College'; Mrs. Hftgar, Mrs. O'Connor, Mrs. J. Maher, Mrs. Ellsmore, Mrs. O'Meara, Mrs. Fitzpatrick, Miss. Sherlock, Miss Hagar, and Messrs. D. Fitzpatrick, J.P.; H. Ellsmore, T. Hagar, C. Fitzgerald, — Daly, E. Higgins, etc. There were about thirty boys present, each of whom received a prize. The Dean, having given the prizes to each of the boys who came up to the table for that purpose, addressed a few words to them, in the course of which he said that he was present there that day at the request of Dr. Delany, and it afforded him great pleasure to distribute the prizes to the boys. He was asked by Dr. Delany to express his thankfulness to every official this establishment, especially the superintendent (Mr. O'Connor) and the teacher (Mr. O'Meara) for the courtesy and attention they had always xtended to him during his visits o the boys. Dr. Delany desired him lso to say that he was exceedingly well pleased with the proficiency the boys lad made in the knowledge of the Christian doctrine and their general good conduct. He had, he said, never met any better boys. The books were selected by Dr. Delany and the committee for their usefulness, and he (the Dean} trusted they would derive profit and instruction by reading them. He trusted that when the next distribution came round the boys who would be then in the Reformatory would be as proficient as they were. The Dean concluded by saying that the lecial thanks of the boys were due to e Christian Doctrine Society for the handsome prizes which they had provided for them. The Dean having to leave on business of importance, the chair was taken by the Bev. Fr. Brennan, C.S.S.Sp Yotes of thanks were then passed to the Christian Doctrine Society for the prizes (Messrs. Ellsmore and Carey responding), to the superintendent (Mr. O Connor), and the teacher (Mr. O'Meara), which were responded to by these gentlemen, and to tne visitors. A vote of thanks having been passed to Mbnsignor Hoyne for presiding and also to Fr. Brennan, the latter gentleman returned thanks, and in doing so, said -he was glad to hear that the boys had been so good; but, after all, they shotild Temember that the place which they were in was but a prison, and they should try by their good conduct to leave this " valley of gloom"_ and " passage of trial" as soon as possible, and go out into the business of the world where " brighter scenes" awaited them. The proceedmgs then terminated. During the afternoon the boys sang " Faith of Our Fathers/'" Hail Queen of Heaven," and other hymns, with great taste and expression, being accompanied on the harmonium by Miss Sherlock. OpKVBNT; OF MEBCY, COLAC. (Coitus Herald.) Through the energy and influence of the Bev. 'M. Nelan the Catholics of this district are afforded the opportunity of giving their children the advantages or a high'class education, such ato is seldom 1 accorded to even larger communities, and this opportunity is aMo ! embraced by persons belonging to other denominations. The school established urid6r the'direction of the* listers of' Merty : abdut ' eighteen rnOnths tago &B; prospered so well that the authoriies decided upon ejecting a large and suitable building in v^hich to'conduct he classes, and receive resident pupils. At the end of l&t;' yea* a bazaar and ancy fair in aid' of the sclieme was rganised,"and with 1 'such , 'highly favoure redhltti that' ok Siinday last the Bishop of Ballafat performed the cereony of laying the foundation- stone of he 'new convent; in" the presence of a arge assemblage of people, many of hom had travelled a considerable diBtance in-order to'be present on the occaion. The weather was gloriously fine, hd nothing was ^ranting to make Sunday ast a "red letter day " in the annals of he, local church-body.. i After the eleven o'clock service, the ery Bev. Dr. Delaney, of Ballarat—one f the best • pptebhers • procurable l — lelivered a most eloquent: sermon; at the; onclusion ofwhioh heMiadft an appealto' Sent to<assist all in theirt power, the laudable s object which ,had -brought hem together. The iBev.M.Ifelan thenj ade known the, arrangements that Jitd een perfected for the carrying oat of the day's ceremony, amongst others being the procession, which was, in itself, a sight worth seeing. The young ladies of the Society of the " Children of Mary," with their blue cloaks and white dresses and veils, and the school children all decked in white, presented an imposing spectacle, the first of its kind witnessed in the district. During the previous week the nuns, aided by monetary assistance from some of the children, succeeded in making up and working with most exquisite taste, the handsome banners and bannerettes that were borne by the processionists. The artistic lettering and inscriptions that were worked on the face of tne banners gave ample proof of what the deft fingers of the Sisters of Mercy can. do. About half-past twelve the procession started for the church, marching two and two. First were the girls attending the convent and ordinary day schools, headed by St. Joseph's banner, carried by Miss M. J. O'Meara. Further back was another representing Mary Magdalen, borne by Miss Emma Brady. Then came the members of the Society of the Children of Mary, Miss M. Scott in the van with a banner, an image of the Immaculate Conception. These young ladies also vtpre the ribbons and medals of their order, besides the blue cloaks and white veils. The school boys made up the rear, Master Felix Hills bearing an emblem of St. Patrick, worked in green velvet. A host of bannerettes, with suitable devices, were also interspersed among the processionists. The cortSge entered the church by the side door, passed up the aisle, and out agaiu through the porch, the singing of the Office of the Blessed Virgin and a hymn, " Faith of Our Fathers," being kept up the whole time, the voices of the gentle sex blending most harmoniously together. The congregation who, up till this, had retained their seats, then rose and f lowed the procession to the conv.< 111 grounds. There the latter, still sin p!:, g, formed into a " living avenue," through which his Lordship passed. The foundation-stone bore the following inscription:— This Stone was laid by Most Bev. James Moore, D.D., Lord Bishop of Ballarat, Sunday, 16th Jane, 1889. After it had been well and truly laid, Dr. Moore said it afforded him great pleasure to be present with them on that occasion. He had come at the invitation of their worthy pastor, the Bev. M. Nelan, for a very important object, of which they were fully aware. That object was to lay the foundation-stone of one of those monuments which would bef a credit to them, which would show their Catholic faith, and also show that they had been brought up in the Christian faith. This was the first time he had visited Colac since his return from Europe and he was pleased to see that the Sisters of Mercy, who were accomplishing such good throughout the diocese, had established a school in' this town. Since his arrival in Australia. lie had taken a great interest in the establishment of schobis and educational institutions similar to the one they:were about to erect. In Ballarat a college had .been recently built at a cost of £14,000, and on his return to the colony he brought With him from Bome, Fathers of the Holy' Ghost, who were now superintending the work of the college. In addition to this college another building had been erected at a cost of £4000, while ;the,total expends ture in the cause of education in the Ballarat diocese alone amounted to £27,800. The Bishop then referred to the great advantages education bestowed upon ; a community, and strongly exhorted parents to send their children regularly to 1 sohooL To carry on sohools that •would • impart the higher branches of instruction,: especially in sparsely populated districts, monetary assistance was required, and he trusted the people; would contribute according i to their means, to the education of' their; children, and 'that they would come forward that day and place their donations on the stone. : , The Bishop,theh handed the Bev.' M, Nelan a cheque for £50, towards a the building; thp. total ampupt received that day being about £150 The ceremony haying &been; duly performed), and tne building ' and ground; consecrated, the people mid pWcesBioni all returned to the church ; again. His | Lordship then 1 pronounced the : Papal benedictibn^ahd . after the, singing oE a: hymn of thanksgiving by the , choiiv the! proceedings wisre brojight tq a close. In the evenin£,iat'Uppers, the BeV. Dr. Delaaey preacKed anoUi^r ywy' in-j erestwg'#eM6n,' rad' thr6^h6rit . Wasj listened to 'with 'wi'apt attention by his; J The i buildingi' whioh has been designed: by, Mestts.Jftppin; jDennehy, fand ;Gilberfc, of Melbourne, is being erected immediately west of the church, on a splendid site commanding a fine view of Lake Colac and the township. It will be two storeys high, constructed of brick resting on a stone and concrete founds, tion, with slate roof, and will contain twenty-four rooms, which will be arnnle for present requirements. No particular style of architecture has been adhered to, but every precaution has been taken y the architects to give the greatest ab. ommodation for the estimated cost hich is about £2000. The builders aw essrs. Eellett and James, and the work s being carried opt under the suner. F ision of Mr. J. H. Spark. 