SUNDAY AFTERNOON IN HYDE PARK. SoNE.--The open space between the Ser pentine and Marble Arch. Demonstration in progress calling upon the Government to resign instantly. Intense heat; hot, hoarse men are to be obeerved gesticulating frantically from brakes; all the indigna tion and enthusiasm proceed from that portion of the crowd nearest the vehicles -those at a distance are either apathetic .or languidly amused. In the brakes, per spiring persons of both sexes sit, beaming warm approval of the speeches. Seedy men hold up huge banners with the per functory air of stage supers. Bandamen sprawl on the turf, as far away from the oratory as practicable, smoking clay pipes. At no great distance from the demonstra tion an .elderly Faddist is expounding a new philosophy which is to regenerate society, to a few irreverent boys and an unconvinced mongrel. Close by, a Social ist is haranguing on a stool, and a field preacher is delivering an extempore address, while an open-air reciter endcavours in vain to retain an audience, which has somehow formed an impression that he is advocating the Eight Hours' Labour Bill. All these various deliver anccs are audible at the same time, and much to the effect indicated below. Orator in. Firt Broke (educated voice; carefully attired in white hat and waistcoat, frock coat, button-hole, &c.;, addressing crowd of well-fed and comfortably clad citizens).-Well, gentlemen, there's one Court these precious aristocrats have all to themselves-and I wish them joy of it (Pauses for oratorical effect.) I refer, gentle men, to the Divorce Court. (Roars of virtuously derisive laughter.) Far be it from me to contest their right to such a monopoly. We will leave them that. (Scorn ful groans,) But, I ask yon-(he drops all playfulness and becomes sinister)-if we= the down-trodden slaves of the aristocracy were to go to them, as they roll round this Park, revelling-(scathingly)-ay, revelling, Gentlemen I (Savage yells as the accuracy of this picture of high-life is recognised) if we were to go to them, in our destitution (pulls out a silk handkerchief), in our squalor, (arranges button-hole) our poverty, our-rags (buttons coat)-how would they receive us ? Would they take us to their bosoms ? Crowd (with conviction).-Not theyl! The Orator (fiercely).-Not they, indeed ! Why, Gentlemen, they would laugh-yes, laugh, laugh in our desperate faces! But let them'take heed to themselves ! (And so forth). Another Orator.-Those among you who have access to Blue Books-(Howls from auditors, who imagine that this particular form of light literature is being held up for execration.) Third Orator (an Irishman).-And I'd just like to" ask ye now, as liberty-loving Englishmen, how would ye feel--hwhat would ye think-hwhat would ye do, if here, in this great Metropolus, yo saw a man barbarously turned out of house and home, for no other rason in the worrld, gintlemen, for no other rason on this eorth -than being unable or unwilling to pay for his rint? Would ye; call that Civil isation ? Crocwd (unanimously)-No ! The Elderly Faddist. - The force that governs this world, my friends, is one which, for want of a more appropriate termu, shall venture, with your permission, to call "Detriment." (The Mongrel has had enough of it, and strolls off to listen to the Preacher.) Detriment. Two dots make la line - (argumentatively) - Do they not ? With the second dot we know the direction, but not the value. With the third dot- First Rude Boy.-Ga-arn-yer dotty yer self ! The E. F.-And so with everything. All the words in our language are founded upon one or other of the primary colours. We study Nature--and what do we fihnd ? This great elementary Law; the Rule of Five sup plemented, I ought to say, by the no less ele mentary Rule of Two. Thus, the human trunk with "the four limbs make five-there are five senses, five holes in the head Second R. B.-There's crack in yourn any way ! The E. F.-(ignoring this personality) Five petals in most flowers, five points to a starfish, the average number of peas in a pod-five. First R. B.-'Ow many bloo beans make five, ebh, Mister? [E.F. gives it up in despair. Forlth Orator-Depend upon it, my friends, when that iniquitious law was passed, ,Mr. Balfour's couch was visited by a nightly spectre-the phantom--(lowers his voice impressively)- the ghost, my friends -the ghost The Rcciter (who is well on in "Fallen by the Way.")-" The ghost had a clean white surplice as a clergyman might ha' wore?! " [Fourth 0. finds his climax spoilt. Irish Patriot.--There's nothing at ahl dishonourable in being in prison, Gintlemen. Some of the best and greatest men that ever lived have been in prison- An Auditor--(who seems to have reasons of his own for findling this argument partic ularly soothling.-'Ear, 'car The l. P.-Look at Gambetta ! A Dull Man (to Neighbour).-Ioet'a he a-tellin' of us to look at ? His Neighbour.-Gambsetter. The D. M.l-Gam--'oo? Neighbour (curtly).--Better. The D. 21.-Better nor root! Neighbour(losing patience).-Oh. I dunno -arsk 'in ! The Prea;her (concluding an anecdote with time voice ,f a bull). But that little bo-hoy was not afrdl , deat friends. No-oh! That little ho-hol was not afride. And whroh was that little bo-hoy not afride, dear friends ? Shall I tellyer? Beaus 'is father 'ad 'old of 'is'A-and; Her-yes! (&c.;, e.) The Socialisl.-Don't you be led away by no words. We shall never get our rights without we shake the fist of fizzical force in the faces of our capitalist foes ! Psy Shopbeoy (much impressed).-Ah, yer right there, and no mistike about it ! The S.-We're the honly class wnth bein' considered, feller- citizens! It's hus that repperesents the hintcellcck, tihe henergy, the ability, the morality of the nation (general chorus of "'Ear, 'ear .') The hlaristocracy and the middle classes-well, they've got jest enough er cunningness (I won't call it hliability), er cunLingness, for to cheat us out er wot's ours ! DI'yer spose as hany o' these 'ere Parliament blokes go into politics for the good o' hothers? An Indir'iduai (wvho clearly retains no illusious).-Ketchl thlem a-deoi' of it! The :8. (triumphantly).-Hexactly-and that's jest wot yer woon't do. Depend oe it, whether they call theirselves Radicals, or Liberals, or Tories-I draw no distinct ions, they're hall as bad as one another they go into politics for wot they can get hout of it. (Crowd nmurmur detestation of such sordid selfishness). Well, wot you've got to do is-horginise; and when you hbar horginised, you'll 'ave all the power, and then-then, fellow citizens and workers, then yer kin vote all the Supplies yerselves, and vote them among yerselves ! (Enthusi astic applause at this lofty idea). Another Orator (perorating from waggon). -rI'm speakin' now with all 'istry vivid to my reckerlection, and I've no 'esitation whatever in asserting tearlessly, and with out fear o' contradiction, that, of hall the abominable tyrants that hever perlooted this earth, the present Government (sus tained groans)-the present Government Har the nmost Abandloned! (He screws each epithet out of himself with a tremend ous cantortion.) The most Degraded! The most Cowardly! The most Debased! The most Ber-lud-thirsty ! Set of Sneakin' Ruffians. 'That hever disgraced the Title. Of so-called Yumanity. Admniring but Familiar Friend.u-Bravo! That's the wlay to 'it 'e. Good oleHatkins! Bugle sounds: Resolution put fromnplat forms. Processions march off with bands and flying colors, well pleased with the manner -in which they have spent a most enjoyable afternoon. Redistribution of pro perty practised in sundry directions as scene closes in.-Punrh. Wr. Whitie: "Won't you give me a kiss, my little snan ?" Louis, hiding bashfully in "namma's" gown: "You do it, mother.' 