THE POET'S AVOCATION THE night was drear, the clouds o'erhead Like monsters dire, with purpose iread All crept athwart the sullen sky : Below, the flood went sliding by— Went sliding, slipping softly down Beside the silent, sleeping town : Upon its restless, turgid tides Rode portly dogs—all suicides. Upon the Yarra's bosom strong The buoyant cabbage sailed along, The devastated beaver hat, The feline full and rodent fat, A rash Chinee, most strangely togged, And eke a porker waterlogged. The smell that rose up from the tide Was like to all that's ever died Distilled down and intensified. 'Twas past the hour of midnight fat, No moon relieved the gloom, no star Was visible, and on the wharf A figure like a twisted dwarf Was sitting fishing in the stream— Was sitting fishing in a dream. His eye shone with a meteor's glows— But stay, perchance it was his nose— His line a rope of toughest make, His hook a fixture like a rake, And tirelessly, with eager might, He worked his drag the live long night And angled like a gruesome ghoul, Or Satan trawling for a sole. When day climbed to the eastern height And darted silver spears at night, The awesome fisher breathed a sigh, And wrapped his rope and laid it by, He was a sallow gnome and glum. His nose was frescoed o'er by rum, His eyes were striped, a sort of plaid And through the crippled hat he had His bristling locks did fiercely gush, As if just aching for a brush; Worn out his clothes, which-grievous Were-only fit to be worn in. I knew him then, Job Smith, the bard, Whose fame was high at Cattle Yard, Whose epic great, called "Spectral B[illegible] Was published by the local press— A part, at least, and then the Post Quite suddenly gave up the ghost, He started when he saw me there, And tried to trim his tangled hair, And hide within his hat the nose That bloomed and blossomed like a rose No place was that the muse to court, I asked what meant the awful sport, What need had be, the bard, to snag The odorous Yarra with a drag— Tho' bards I know in many cases Might throw their lines to much worse In vain he sought to dodge my plea: I pressed him still, and swore to see What 'twas he did so secretly. At lust with many a glance of fear He came and whispered by my ear How hard he found these frigid times. And Melbourne kicked against his rhythm (They bad kicked back-an answer me Were they not crippled in their feet!) The fire of scorn shone in his eyes. He cried: " Their carpings I despise, But, ah ! the bard must live, and here I nightly work for bread and beer. The coroner to pay is bound So much for every man found drowned I get eight bob for lunatics— But suicides are ten and six. 