Something Like a Ghost! I ; ■ By A. Eubdle Evans, ■> Author of." My Log Hit," "Tho Christmas Present," &c.;, &0\. • • Chaitek L, ^®7'HEN-I;;W03 n boy of 13 'I used ' sometimes to :pasu my holidays •.with .an aunt who lived' in the country. Slid was the wife of a :' medical man, and they occupied .111 'old-fashioned, .rambling;house; called the' Hall, yvhidi,Etood by .'itself in spacious 'grounds just outside a:village that I will call Mayfield. . ' !r They had'no.children' of their own, and were all the fonder1 of me in consequence. Not indeed that my uncle showed any special confidence. Athis;hands;Ihad.norisk of being spoiled. On •tho contrary, ftis chief delight was to "chaff" ibo) in a good-natured way.: about any little . weaknessesy6r; i^fculiaritics" he could detect .in ihc."^ ' Oh 'iheso occasions my dear aunt •was a jstudy. Sho was so divided between admiration" of u dior husbaud's wonderful ;'dcvcmessj>an<l '* compassion for licr helpless /nephbw^thafc she ^icnt tho tiino in alternately laughing and'^.reinonstniting; but always con soled -rao after wards in some agreeable fashion. Perhaps, gootl soul, sho fancied that I took my uncle's satire rather moro to heart than I really did."* It may have been clever, but it was totally harmless,'consisting, as it did, of a little playful badinage about mutters so trilling that 1 can recall but few of .them. !;I often used to think that, with more material to work.with he would have been much more formidable. >:But at heart' ; he. was as kindly disposed towards me as his : wife, and he made amends for everything in my eyes by - "tipping" mo handsomely when :I went back to school. - ; : (The first time I visited them was during the summer holidays, when nothing of special . moment occurred. I say of special, moment, for the fact that I was unlucky enough to break the glass of a tall handsome mirror which stood upon the dressing-table can hardly be. considered a striking incident in a schoolboy's career. My aunt showed her usual kindness with respect to this mishap by at once undertaking not to men tion it to. my uncle. The broken glass would have lent a brilliancy to his witticism about mo which, in my opinion at least, thev sadly lacked. I should have never heard the last of my dis like to reflection, aud so forth. As to my aunt, all she said was: " It doesn't matter a bit, Charlie; it can easily be repaired; only when :you come again, which I hope will be at- Christ mas, you musn'b mind if I have it put away and a smaller one put for you." I took this to mean that I might break as many small looking-glasses as I liked, but that she couldn't -quite afford to provide ine with largo ones for football practice. Then, for fear that she might have spoken too severely, sho managed to discover a box of bon bons which she begged me to accept, -forgetting what a premium she was thus setting: on break ages. • ;•«•! v..r . Only oho other thing struck me . on my first visit. It was'this:: that the villagers of May field, for reasons: best known to' themselves, oeemed all to be agreed that the-house occupied by my uncle was haunted. Sirs. Wcrdmore, an elderly cottager who was-'much and deservedly respected for the pertinacity with which she remained in bed, asserted that there had never been any doubt .about it in ker; time. " We all knowed it,"; she used to say in her ewphathic, English. •When I * first asked her to telline how the house was haunted, she rephed that there was '.'a many things as couldn't be explained." Since then I have read something like this in Shakespeare, which shows how apt great winds ore to think alike; but at that time I had not read Shakespeare, and was' only. impressed by the vagueness of MrsAWerdmore's speech. It left everything open to the imagination. I was so full of Mrs. Werdiuore's remarks that I repeated them to my aunt, and was even rash enough to do-this in my uncle's pres ence. . He broke out into a hearty laugh. "Capital, Charlie!" he exclaimed, "capital! I can see you believe it! Why, your fr.ee is quite pale already! But where's this.ghost to be. found? Does it spread itself 'all over the house, or con fine its visits to one particular room ?" "Mrs. Werdmoro didn't say, uncle." "I wish you'd ask her, then. Or.perhaps the old lady would come here and'kindly point out where it disports itself."" ; "She caii t leave her bed, uncle." "So much the bedder!" exclaimed my uncle. He was by no means heartless, but he could never resist a really bad pun- And he had Charles Lamb's authority for one very like this. As for me, I thought my uncle's levity more out of place than usual. Ghosts were serious things, not to be sjxpken of lightly, especially by those who were living under their very noses. I do not mean by this that I exactly believed in them. Who'does? Still, there could be no huvin in being pn the site side, and speaking respectfully about theun . After lunch, when I found myself alone with my aunt, I returned to the subject. J" What do you really think about it, aunt ?" I asked. . "About.what, dear?" " About ghosts!" "What nonsense I Of course, there aren't any such things!" .All the same, it seemed to me that my atmft ■ turned a little pale. Could it be that Bhe' hall believed the story, but thought .it judicious not to admit this in my presence? • -. I was not satisfied, and I paid another visit to ■ Mrs. Werdmore.; My uncle's question bad struck me—whereabouts was the ghost, if there was one ? It would be a comfort to know that he'confined his visits* to one particular room, • always provided it was not the room I occupied* . Mrs. Werdmore was in bed as usual, and looked very witch-like and uncanny. "I've come to talk to you about the ghost, Mrs. Werdmore;" I said. Sire. Werdmore looked as if she would have been better pleased had I come on a more sub* stantial errand. As a reward for her persever ance in keeping her bed, she was accustomed to receive a good many half-crowns and shillings^ but my finances did not at the moment permit of any liberality. -: ; •.'What ghost" she asked, rather grumpily# "There's such a many ghosteses." \- This was news to me. I had fancied or Hoped that the species was decidedly rare. " I mean the ghost at my uncle's." ■. •* , "What do you want to talk about it for?" asked Mrs. Werdmore, in asolemn whisper. "That ain't no good. Least said, soonest mended." "I wanted to ask. you which room is haunted.' Mrs. Werdmore mused for a few moments* Then she closed her eyes and, keeping them closed, said. " When I was a young gal I knowed the house well. In fact, to tell the honest 'truth. I was kitchen-maid there in the old squires time. There's a room upstairs on the second story, a larce room at the back, with a bi£ cupboard in it, ana a black carved chimbley-piece. Each side of the chimbley-piece is a young woman—" " You don't meau to say sol" I exclaimed ill much astonishment; "are they always there? Don't they ever move?" . "Howshould they?" asked Mrs. Werdmore, . opening her eyes as if herself astonished. " They're carved in the stone of slate or marble or whatever it is." .*. • " Oh, I beg your pardon," I said, " I didn't understand. " Each side of the chimbley-piece," resumed Mrs. Werdmore, shutting her eyes again; "is a young woman with a wrong ending to her." "A wrong ending to her! 1 don't under stand." Again Mrs. Werdmore opened her eyes. "I can't get on if you interrupt me," she said severely. " The young women I'm telling you of haven't no legs." "Oh, they arc busts." - "No, tlfey ain't bustesses neither," said Mrs. Werdmore.* " They finish off with a fish's tail." " Oh, they're mermaids." I said. \ \- "Yes, that's it," said Mrs. Werdmore-1 "mere maids. I couldn't rightly remember the. uame." • ... v "Well?" I asked. ' "• "Well," answered Mrs Werdinore solemnly, " that's the room." ' " The room that's haunted "Yes. I've heard noises, in that room as 'ud make one's liair stand on end. 'People said it was rats. Kats indeed 1 As if a rat could fall. down heavy as a corpse, and scream and holler" till it.was black in the face!". "Did you hear this yourself, Mrs. . Werd more?" I asked, with awestruck curiosity. "I've heard, noises," answered Mrs. Werd xuore. "1*11 not deny it." "And did you see something that was black in the face?" , "I didn't say say that," said Mrs, Werd more, cautiously. " I said as a rat couldn't scream and noller till it was black in tlio face?" "Why not?" I asked injudiciously. "It's almost black in the faco. to begin with." Mrs. Werdmore opened her eyes to see If I was laughiug at her. Happily for ®o I was really serious. * "SaViVKafc Jdoesftho'ghost look like?" lcedi^ ••'1 'U"J • - •" ' <<Yoiti,d:kn6w,:ifc soon'-enough' if you saw it They say it's a .yoiing.thtyg-^1-"- ■ '■ "Young !".T:oxcUinied.A *''^And- you eay^it was about when you were ii-girl,!" i •' It wasa very rudo'remar]c, -but I Was quite unconscious of its rudeness; * .• ' '• — - " WeUylain't so old as all that comes to," said Mrs.«Werdmore, .with dignity.'-' "Pain't a: Bethnsalem, because I've took to my .bed in good time." T •'*/•'••• -v - >.: I apologised,'and MrsC'Werdmore went on— V. "They, say it's .quite youngdooking, with fresh" complexion, and short hair,'and stanng eyes—what we call goggle eyes—alt- dressed in white, andy what's oddest of all,, it airifc gofc .no feet." • ' •' »' • - :• "How very odd! "I said.-1 "Perhaps that's the reason it's obliged to keep always in one room." "Maybe?" said Mrs. .NVerdmorej "but some ghosteraes is Homers." • : •ti • * • ' • ' I had never heard .of any Homer but the one wh'ose^poems I was in the habitbf mangling at school, so I again .expressed my astoishment. Sirs. Verdmore- cottdescenced' to enlighten me. ' •' s"7 ' 1 CJArl "Sbme.'ghosteses,"""she .said,"is* Homers* and some is: Roamera. Some stavfe at homo this one is.a Homer T'. . . "One 'can'fc be exactly sure'of nothink with' creechers dike that,"; said ' Mrs^ Werdroore, "They've their owri ways5 of "going on, and it ain'tdor us*to dictate to them;". Mrs/ Werdmore spoke with* authority, and I was duly impressed. "What convinced me more than anything.else of her profound knowledge of the subjectdvas - the fact that' she had actually >' succeededih4 clftsrifying'ghoste. * It u*as a great thing to loarn that in her opinion the ghost' at the Hall was a Homer. And as my room was not on the second floor, and did not look out on the back,"-I»felt-to]eral>ly-securc,- and - took my, leave of the old lady, feeling somewhat relieved. "When I got back to the Hall I found that a tele gram had arrived there to summon ine home at once, in order to bid good- byeftb^an uncle who was jujt starting for India. 