THE EGYPT OF TO-DAY. Egypt is more familiar to the oontemporary tourist than. Italy was to the tourist of twenty years ago. It is far more familiar than Spain, or even than Portugal, which lies so near our own «*oors. That this should be the case is due to a variety of causes-the British occupation, for example, the invalid's certainty of finding the clear sky he seeks, the ease end celerity of the voyage, the very remarkable and by no means to be overlooked supremacy of that ubiquitous person Mr. Thomas Cook, who has reduced the system of Nile travel to an exact science, and by the virtual monopoly he enjoys, obliges every Egyptian, voyager to patronise him, with or without approval. THE OLD DAYS OF THE DAHABIEH are fast waning. There used to be some thing romantic in the comparative loneliness of the Nile voyage. Some parties have gone the thousand miles up and ba^k again with out any social intereoures with travellers in others boats. For exclusive people, for .shy people, for people who wanted to travel tranquilly and to avoid gaiety, this dahabieh voyage was nost attractive. A climate like that of the finest day in the Jubilee summer, an absence of mosquitoes, and in Nubia even of flies, a certain uncertainty of destination, so unlike a railway journey on the Con tinent, to Bay nothing of the Oriental pic turesqueness and the antiquarian associations of the surroundings, made the old Nile voy age an event in a lifetime. For anyone suffering from overwork or anxiety it was simply specific. You could receive letters at intervals of about a fortnight if you hap pened to hit upon a post town on a suit able day. There was no U9e in worrying yourself about the mails, and you soon grew accustomed to all kinds of irregularity ; while th« impossibility of sending or receiving a telegram added a new pleasure to life. More over, it was a very luxurious way of tra velling. Tou carried your house, snail-like, about with you : but it was not a mere shell, a tent into which you could retire to sleep. It was. A flWAT.T, FLOATING PALACE. You had yourown servants, your own cuisine, your library, your piano-all, in short, that the Englishman who travels misses most. To cultivated folk, those who took an interest in hieroglyphs and pypaethral temples and the old mythology, the voyage was unmixed happiness. The atmosphere gives a wander fill buoyancy to the spirits, while the absence of socioiy and engagements, and what are so improperly called diversions, enables the traveller to concentrate his mind on any im portant piece of work he may have on hand. The dahabieh is becoming scarce; but if you insist on taking one all the old arrangements are changed to spend a fortnight in Cairo in preparing for the voyage under the tutelage of an autocratic dragoman. Yon have no longer to buy stores and add to the furniture and write a careful contract in which the dragoman always contrived to evade the im portant item; you have no longer to superin tend any of the arrangements. ME. COOK does all that. Should there be contrary winds you will be towed. Should you run out of groceries, a passing Cook's excursion steamer supplies them. Should you wish to telegraph nome to England, Mr. Cook has arranged for the establishment each winter at suitable points of a staff of Coptic clerks who can do what you wish in English better than your own. In 1874 there was not a single hotel above Cairo. Now there are hotels at the Pyramids, at Siout, and at Luxor, if not in other places, where a traveller may stay if he -wishes it for months. Instead^ of the pleasant, leisurely, exclusive dahabieh, pll sorts and conditions of men, women, and children go up in Cook'B steamer to Luxor or going by train about half-way to Siout, take his mail steamer, which performs mo?t of ruined temples and ancient tombs. Of course, steamers 'are not like dah&biehs.; The company on boarcl resembles that in the boat which brought you from England, and is somewhat mixed, to say the least, but cramped into a very minute spaoe. Here is THE HABD-HBADED SCOTTISH PHILOSOPHEE, who denies everything, even that a clue has been found to hieroglyphs; there is _ the tender-hearted English divine, who believes in everything, even in the domestic morak of tte Moslems. The Amercian girl who enjoys everything, even'to being shipwrecked, may be conBtrasted with the solemn spectacled Ger man who does his Nile etill more triatement than than the English. When you reaob Luxor you find every comfort at two rival hotels both immensely improved since the place has become a regular health resort. They are alwayB full of boarders, people for the most part who come for the climate and not for the antiquites, and many of whom do not even condescend to join the 'personally conducted ' excursions to Medinet Abou or ttie Biban el Mulouk. The change is still more marked in CAIBO. That city literally swarms each winter now with English and Americans. There are English clubs, English churches ; in fact, all kinds of English institutions down: to Eng lish barB. What our countrymen apendin Cairo must have an appreciable effect on the revenue. But the old Cairo of which Miss Martineauand Miss Ed wards wrotehas wholly departed. There are no long'r boards^ over, the Mousky. ? There are nauies in Arabic and English at the street corners. There are hackney carriages innumerable where -there, uneil to be only donkeyn.. Ladies do.,not ride donkeys now; and there is a society fur the pre vcd lion of raw backs. The donkey-boy is no longer fined for acting as dragoman y and THE DBAGOMATf himself is tending to extinction. The roads about the town are smooth an 1 macadamised; there are water-carts in place of the old salt* kas with thsir ekinsthere are Bide paths in. the larger btreot,and wide boulevards planted, with green an I flourishing trees, and care fully swept. The transformation has been effected at the exponse of much piet'iteaque ness, whil^, except in the one matter of smella,it is open t} question whether tha im provement is real. The death-rate continues to be high, and zymotic dieeasss,.which used to te looked upon as importation's frogi Italy, are now endemic, and claim their regular percentage of victims every year. Never theless, society in Cairo in winter is very gay. There are BAOE MEETINGS AT GEEIEEH, and balls at the Agency and in others irreat houses. Sarah Bernhardi acts at tin Kle dival Theatre, and there are bazaar* and fancy fairs and reviews, just as in Lon l m. Here and there an antiquary m iy bo fo i:ii learned in the loreof Boulak or the Arab mu seum in the Mosque of "Hikecm; but students are rare, especially from England, except- in the form of faddists-people who believe iu the Pyramid in-jh and seek diligently for the Land of Goshen. Saturday Review. Writer's cramp is generally a cramp for funds. A baby always helps to mate home happy .-particularly when the baby is asleep. . Night Drug Clerk (2 a.m., "with glaring eyes)-"Well? Customer-No ; sick! St. Louis boasts of a dwarf barber less than four feet high. Ho mast be a little shaver. A Rochester cat gets drunk on be t, which proves beyond a doubt that beer will iutox-a cat. 'Satd about Cholly, wasn't it? Got bis canehead in his mouth, you know, and couldn't get it out.' 'How much was it worth. ?' A good start.-' Do de child talk, Missus Parkus ?' ' Wa-al, only pk'fcly; he mek de sounds, but kain't fo1m. dei wuds yit.' Elderly Gent-I am eighty years old, young man, and I don't recollect ever tolling, a lie. The Young Man-Well,, you can't expect ' your memory to be altogether reliable at that age. Rescuer (to man he had just cut down) The boys lynched yer and left -yer for dead, didthey P Well, how do yer feel How? Half hanged Man-Quite unstrung. A Kansas City Marshal has pssed the fol lowing proclamation : * All puraons as own. dogs are hereby certified that oe<3 dogs is in debted to this sity in -the sum of 0110 and if they don't pay will be persecuted to the fullest extent or the constitoation, this ineqjis biznese. Sity Marshal.' Teacher-Johnny, what are the duties of a foreign minister ? Johnny-To preach to the heathen, and to keep out of the soup. ' My dear wife,' murmured pater familias as he looked at the dressmaker's bill. Baker (to Miss Brown, who is aged thirty seven, and as rich as she is not lovely)-Miss Eva, I loveyou! I adore you ! Will you be mine? Miss Eva (blushingly)-Yes. Baker -Oh, you dear ola girl! He said in derision, ' Oh, give us a rest,' To the bobby whose eye he had caught, The policeman with promptness did grant: the request, And gave him arrest on the spot. Jim-Miss Debowncer looks well in abid ing habit Gus-Yes, but she would look better, if she would only get into a habit of riding well. Colonel Thomas Gharat of Indiana drank a pint of whisky containing an ounce of quin ine, the other day. He is now Colonel Thomas Ghost. BOB, THE GOOD BOY. ' I'll never use tobacce, no ; It is a filthy weed. I'll never put it in my mouth,' Said little Robert Reed. 1 I'll never use tobacco, no ; It's use all woe begets. I'll scorn the weed in every form, I'll just &moke; cigarettes.' An independent old lady, speaking of Adam's naming all the animals, said sho did not think he deserved any credit for naming the pig. Any one would know what to call him. Italian Decoration.-'I don't care very much for the friezo, but I'd like a dago. What have you in the way of dagos P' And the wall-pajxw man went into the back room and had a fit. Pat-If I put my money into the savings ban1*, when can I draw it out again ? Jim Oh, if you put it in to-day you can get it out to-morrow by giving a fortnight's no tice ^ Arizona boasts of a woman who ' can drive a nail with a bullet at forty yards.' When Arizona can produce a woman able to drive a nail with a hammer at a distance of one foot, without wounding I er fingers, it will havo a curiosity worth boasting about. 