THE MERCURY. HOBART: WEDNESDAY, DEC. 4, 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. \- I Tea and concert, -8t. John's Presbyterian Church, Macquaria-street, thUevaninT. - - 'i Wirth's.. .circos , openin.1*;. . petformanoe. favourably récefved' la*t'evenfnj-r.; J':, " i S.T. Artillery-Club competition for Com-: 'readda^aprise'on^turdaynext' . >' '" I Two'narks caught in i the harbour rester-' day,m.qrn}n{Ci K.:i.:i; -u,! ./: ....: UM -J',''-. I Bo*. B..Ironside: Usture« on ?,. Early/ dan of MottMIsm," Meehan!«*', BUI. to-night, ¡, I BsueriveBand of Mercy EthlbUlon opens thliafternoon; \ '," .'".',-".'? : '; ' s:.>^,i> , I Entries close noon to-day Old- Scholars Race, City School AthletioSport«. ..." - I Submarine cabio receipialior, Xovember lasMSMOSfls. 6d,; against Î92Ï Oi.Td. in the corresponding month of last year.,.,";.. ., " - > I Derwunt Rowing Club Basaar opened yes- terday. Excellent display, .good business. Sale resumed tUU'afternoon.- ?'< \- .* '-' | Musical festival (250 voices) at Town Hall on, Friday evening. .Conductor,: W.'-J.- J¡ Boynoldr. .,.'.; ,....,*-. .';v;-.:'.í .:í '-t .. J.Mica Isabella Rathie, head nurse at Hobart Hospital, elected matron of-the - Melbourne Hospltab,'),-,.. ,...?,.,-, . .!?? v :< .- . ¡Cantatas" Dick ,.*v*ft i ttington" and "The. White Garland" sncdpssfully rendered in ¡presence, of a very largo* audience In .St.. .hwirWe'srfer^l^riiTmlaiteveriing.'' .:'' ' j ^-IgitWIinEIi.Tftri Ti* ' '?? ' ' ,:1|Í;I-;Í»,I,1'Í: - ! f'Wfle'.thölicilrTer, getting bettor. , j itorauo Horizont ashore in Sponcor's Gulf, ' I Adelaide -Parliament prorogues ? on! Satur- day. .,::.:? '.li :':'? :.'; " '?'.!;.' -J-'," ' i A biography of Lord Sherbrook: is in the press; ;? -i 7 ;-'. A '/ :. ,! .-' :. .:".'. .'! ,* i I Next Melbourne Cup likely to be worth ?£10,000. ,-.,, '." J Another fire casualty'in America. .Twenty, lives lost. . r r»""" .-'""'J j S.s. Mararoa does not leave Melbourne for this port until to-day, ¡ Satisfactory reports still-received of Stan- ley's homeward progress. j Statue - to Tom. Moore,1 the ' Irish poet, un veilod at Ballarat .yesterday. ...',,' .-:!? ?-?<"? 1 Melbourne and Fern Troo Gully Ballway officially opened.-yesterday. , ,'-?.?. : -;,j ' lit is again said that Dr. Peters,, the,, Gor nianexplorer.hn's boen massacred. ,....;, IMoustiavBey,' charged with 'inciting' the' iKhoordish atrocities, .basbeon acquitted. J (Adelaida .draper'"-rfaMed "Martin'his be qüoatho-t £12,000 to churches and charities., I ¡Sir Hercules RoblnsoV'.not ênawoûied of ; the Parkes Federation manifesto; .' ' ."' ''?'"*' I Russian Press discredits suggestion! that the Czar favours,a¿£javonic alliance between /his hoir.ind.a Gonjian.princess.;... .,.¡ .¡.i Kelly, "trainer of radehórse Moorebank, sues JIB. Gill for X5.0JB for stating ho. stuffed tho hone prior to Cmlfield; Cup, ,,', ,%,';"." > , .'Hoavy storm in'Clarence district' on'Surï day. Houses-wreaked; ; stock ' killed,^ vine- yards and mail» îoropt'des troy ed.'; ; ? ' . ITerrifici'.easUeiyiijgálé 'at' -Auckland on /Monday. Mail «steamer Alameda delayed several hours. . «íh-íii.j ?¡'. ¡Mombers od/ffUs*;.,Imperial-Federation League differing in opinion as, to, the. precise sc'opoand'imrpoaÖoJtliq./Assqciation..,, . -' 'Forged Union* fBaok... notes*., extensively circulated in'Rtettmond, Melbourne..', Evon tito- bank's have'brien victimised. ' ". ¡Chief Secretary for Ireland says endow- ment of Catholic Uuniyersitiesdepondeut on ffcousensÜB of public arid political opinion. Dibbs, New South Wales Opposition leader, proposes motion on Wednesday in interests of protection. J .^'iJLijav/^i .lui..! .//;/' THE Federal Council will meet, it is stated, in Hobart in January next, in changed circumstances. Hitherto, although- regarded as a highly useful body, it has been looked upon as out of touch with our national life, and more as an experiment than as a working institution. Next month it will meet outwardly the same as of old, for the increase of members will not have taken place, but with a status such as it has never had before. It will be fairly face to face with the question of Federation in a practical point of view, for, though, it will not be called upon as a Council to deal with the subject, its members will discuss with delegates from New South Wales the mode in which a union of the colonies can best be brought about. Thus, the Council will feel that it is in touch with public-sentiment, if not public-opinion, and will go about such duties as it may have to perform with more energy and an abiding sense of greater respect towards itself. As our readers know we have not been amongst those who have sneered at the Federal Council, despite some plain deficiencies, owing to the foolish desire of politicians to keep the business to themselves, and the miserable blundering and personal feeling shown in this colony. We have always believed that the Council would develop into a useful body, which would some day have the real work of Federation to do. That work may be said to be before it now. Though SIR HENBY PARKES and the very vain and self-seeking politicians ticians of New South Wales have refused to directly recognise the Council, they have agreed to accept its members as representatives of the other colonies in regard to the federal question, so that the work has actually fallen into its hands after all, subject to the action of New South Wales, on which it is a waste of time to speculate. If we could believe, which unhappily, the facts quite prevent us, 'that the politicians of the Parent Colony really meant Federation, not something much more personal, we should say that the hour has come and the men with it. If, for example we found Sir Henry Parkes asking Mr. In,* .if ¡It. i'ii ni. ... [?] to become a delegate to th [?]with him, we should believe [?] had in this part of the [?] some [?] strong sentiment [?] which broke down personal aims and antipat[?] when the Federation of the United States was brought about. No such propitious signs are visible. We discern no TeQjAiment of the personal tactics which are peculiarly cgharacteristic of public-life in New South Wales, but rather an increase of them, combined with fiscal questions of a serious character, Seeing these things, we are not at all prepared to say that the federal business will make much progress, or that what may have been done here will be received favourably by the Legislature of New South Wales Nothing can be more evident than that party considerations will greatly affect the decision, besides which there are local jealousies to be overcome, of which, think, sufficient account has not been made. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, who has done little to warrant the influence which he possesses, has deolared against Federation, as he declares against Victoria and all her works, and he represents not a small section of the community. Indeed, the strange attitud, or rather attitudes, of writers and speakers in New South Wales towards Federation may be regarded as a curiosity of human perversity, and as another evidence of the very little thought which goes to make, up public opinion, and how much inexplicable feeling. The weak pare of the whole business is, manifestly now, the political. There is no united action in New South Wales, because of the personal dislike of the leaders of the two political parties, who are unable to act together on any question. This is one evil, which affects several colonies, but it is not the worst which flows from the exclusive political element which prevails. The people, as a rule, have no great respect for politicians, and do not believe that they are really acting from the highest motives. We are not called upon to explain why this is so, though we have no doubt that we could find very good reasons for the state of opinion that exists, but we may positively say that its existence is admitted even by politicians themselves. As Mr. FYSH found himself constrained to say when visiting Maria Island, the office is respected but not the men, though he professed not to be able to tell the reason why. We now deal only with the fact, and we say again, as we have said rmany times before, that the fact is a conclusive one against leaving the great subject of Federation purely to the politicians. What are the comments on the recent actions of the Victorian Ministry? Can those who have shown such a disregard of the most ordinary morals of public life expect to be regarded with respect, and to win confidence when dealing with a subject of great difficulty and importance? Herein lies the danger to federal action, which is persistently, ignored by the-politicians themselves, who are bent on magnifying their own importance. We have, however, to thank Sir HENRY PARKES for having raised the question at this particular time, because he has had the power to arouse New South Wales, which seems, in regard to this subject to be played upon by her politicians. This is so much gain, and it remains for the Conference to turn it to account, We need not stop to notice the objections which have been taken in that colony to the Federal Council, because it seems to be agreed that they are to be forgotten, or if not forgotten, not to be pushed to their logical conclusion. A new departure ought to take place in January next, and an endeavour be made to put the question of Federation on a new basis. The difficulty will be, not to answer the objections that have been taken in New South Wales to the Federal Council, for they have been answered a dozen times or more, but to remove the feeling in that colony against it. The feeling was aroused solely by those persons who did not initiate the business originally, it having been very frankly admitted that the Parent Colony expected to lead, and this is the difficulty which now stands in the way. Perhaps the New South Wales delegates may be reconciled to using the Federal Council as a stepping stone to a higher development, and thus see their way to let pass out of sight, and if possible, out of mind, the many foolish and utterly unproved things which they saïd in the days of their wrath. In any case, the Conference will have both difficult and delicate subjects to deal with. I I - mi)H-"'J i--'-' t i ! lútt'N^caWd flnd South! Seis Exhibí tidiiij'opeliedAt /Dunedin. onJthe 26th lilt was a^veritable-'jiTÙhiph/iV'ïpvirco of surpuse an^jäfJightgto, tlio\i'niilti£ude, lupf enduring honour toithó! worker« wlio, in tile -space of a fejfj'sriort mjmtbe¿Jjrpuglitrabotot|'reault8 which, in moasurq oft geuerfll excellence/ben the palm, èveti'iH.tfomparison'with the'great Melbourne show of last-' yéar.lu Making1 'allowance for' much'excusable gush b¿ \hd port of'chroniclers of the .évefit,' there is every reason toa(congrjitulate New Zealand on^he public spirit and hearty co operation wUoh throughout the p'reliminwy^rVepiirV tlon« helped along the enterpriae.iUIt would .eem as if the returning wave of A pro« > perlty now invigorating Ney?j Zealand] has bestirred dwellers in the land to reassert ,thelr position as men who know-'not what it ia to be defeated^ >]a/ndr that the impulse has found yent Ja I giving ( ocular demonstra tion to the world of their abiding faith, arid energy. .That there are some Fatnt of Hearts even among pluoky,'pushing New"Zeaktnd folk jjoes without ^eaying, but "they uro'just now fain to hide their diminished i beads. Neither Press nor publie will agree with them. " Telemaohua " of the ArgU,'?who has; contributed to the Outgo Daily Times a special article on the Exhibition,ha« evidently falthfullyJIJfoUowed[hi» brief, l¿''ttíus¿ des/ canting upon this, particular theme i-"4 bat, croakers I-let us make an_end¡of ,them, once and for all. There > Is'in J'Matthew Arnold's-poem of 'Balder' an1 illustration which is ¡somewhat apt in this connection' Balder hud g¿no do'wr^to the shade«, where the1 dead mon dwoll, and Hermod bad been sent out to see if he might by any means be restored. Hermod journeyed through the dreary realm, and saw the ghost« of all the dead, the warriors slain in battle/the com-' mon folk, the women and the children. But in á lower depth, and wattled dow« with hurdles, then* faces beat upon byall feet, were the ghosts of the cowards m life^-tlio worthless, furn doss, shameful being«, who' deserved not and found not consideration ? or regard. ' If judgment ' were1 as st rn now as j then, the {croakers Wxutd , merit some such a fate. Croaking, like cowardice. -? ¡?¿?J -T Mr/did any good in'tho World. Tim mon, Swork, and the mon whMhopo are tho' Sours of the Stato-tbey^lfho when all is Jarle and dismal, when '"tb.ero seems no foundation below, no prospect of «olid ground .head,-still struggle choenj^uj.. Jthiiiiself denying labours holp all to.wín through till the day dawns, and tbxilr"propor act of thanksgiving, rejoioing, a*i*i-jeud,proçlama ptaliou will inspire all to larger effort now that solid ground is reached and the full day shines." 'u ',_ A MEMBER of the Peace Society has, wtitteu to the London Spfdalor, to inform the world that Italy has,only to declaro ,that ?bfi {s'a neutral Powói to bo able ,lo at once get rid of the burden of naval and military preparations. The Spectator , says that It,-(loos not at all believe in this highly ii romantic' view 'of tho case, and we, ,.«re afraid ithat thero is good r^on for, saying sp. 'It was au old beliof' «Jtlro^ ^anchester ^School that if (Great Britain reeolved to let everybody alone, and owuittd har' miad with buying and selling, nobody would isterfera with her interests,1 but,, si»mehow41w faots do not support this opinion, but something vory much to the contrary. '. We can» see now, plainly enough, how' utterly^ ah'ai{rä t ' wore' tho^ylows', of Bright and Cobden aboo.t Russia, who went, marching on all tho tim« that theyi were de- claring that she was not moving,) or wanting on-move,< at all. " In theioase'bt Italy,1 it ') Is' -'tolerably clear that ' If '' 'she '.'was not ,able to, protect herself, -Franco might any day repeat the, i policy of Napoleon III.,"and scud an army to occupy' Romo'and restore the Temporal 'Power.0 That'"would mean, disintegration of the Kingdom,'and,, possibly, the appropriation of à portion of it by Franoe. Unhappily,"] ithe world is not yet governed by .peace ideas,'nb matter what tho theory may be, and, consequently, nations arra und distiust one another. THERE ,is. indignation in Victoria. -,, The Mayors are In arms and have . gone already, in many Instances, on tho war-path, resolved toshow that-they are riot to 'be' snubbed, eíidYthé'country. be aacriûcod, to Molb^úrrío, All'tliô trouble liásbWn'caused by the Premier ' or tho (Ministry, or ,whoever ¡regu'atedithtf i business;' not' having, sent- invitations.''to' tho country Mayors to bp present at thé ré- ception of tho iii¡wGóyer'iior,í.ord Hopetoun. It appears .that wioqLthe iprevious Governor arrived, Mr. Service, who ' was thon hood "of the"!MioiSlry,-'''did:'not fail' to invito all tho,,Mayor»,/.tp.at:tç,n(i, the/roqeptjnn,;put, -Mr. GÍiíieslílsnot.been so wise^ arid hence, ajl-the'trouble'whibhso'iims likely1 to'''be' ciiJ ointra'l's'uig procüvi|jefc.|,,5t:l« said that ibe 'desires to conca^jftóAall^ power 'and , patronage /, ilA^HaWr^/welen', M'of, the i conntry'.' dUtlfcti/i whenever ' thero .aw^'^inVlAtlons^^'^b^^nt; '^As/'wé; 'ha*|.,l¿^(t|-¡¿ ijlreidly^ftjie' ':'. ¡whblé^riccpfjon; . ,j>us¡¿jxs seem»' to^us- to't tia ve "been,. rWic,u" , íduslyi overdene, but it might' have been 'ex- pected' that''the ' Mayor» would,'as''a' mero matter ,?,of, policy,.' '? havé¡'/been invited, for,,surely,- tiley are) as. representative,'osf rnanyi i others: who i received' invitations.,! .These are i amongst /the signs which go to 'sliow.that.Mr,- Gillies is becomtug"unpopular., .FIÎEMKH"appears -to 'bo*"strong' Iii' New 'Zealand against any Federation'of the colo-' ,-iiiei7:sôrfa*Fas*sho'is 'concírnía'.-'th'rmgirwo :nntst.Bay tha^thftroasoná fojr'tho feeling do :h9t1'!Strilc9*7ûsf-. as'.'vory convincing:.: It s: argued'1. 'that.'. a'; Dominion-'Farlia-. nient oould'.novcr ' ropreseut Now Zea laiid -interests,,,-,because ,,it : would .-be so .fur .ttway,,: and .thoi.peoplol.of'iNow Zealand aré different from those of the other' colonies, ..Further, NowZcalaiid.iius her, ' ' «Î !l i 1 ^ , -IT .'''/H-' .1 I own policy to workout, and means to work (Ic.odt.'ànin finaliy, tho' colonies'must' be In'' deperidorit: !;ÏTor our 'part, w« aro uriublo. tp' see why. the interests, of Now Zealand should hot be us well looked after in a Dominion Par- liament as, say,'those ot'Western, Au'tralla,-1 Tasmania, or Fiji. _0{..9ouTg,..i/_ itl.i«.'."fiR5i.1 wn(ledrtTiatrea"S colony .must bo .absolutely iujlcpou(lcnt,.tlier6 hover 'can-be a Dominion. Parliament^ «incel it preis'upposcii :tliat^Bonië rights are1'9rirréñderüd;4Vr«turín'fo^ce/tain .behefits that will be received. 'Ouo writer, wants {the /,,. Federal Couucil. ' Bill; soi ' ultcred. as. to : make' Î the' supremacy I of : each colony1 :< absolute''," arid' ''üriált¿ruble,''*.hut'i how ' 'could '.thorc.'Jio 'any ;1 real, fédération . injBiijli.a caso ?; .Siirely, tho.collapseof State. .supremacy in America is sufficient' touridw' tlitvfcwhntispropo3e(lcouldnot exist, and ijfat_ tho argumupt is but áunthor way of saying', that N,ew, Zealand will not have Federation ntjany price. 'Such arguments aro" always*! used at.the. outset, of.Focleratibri.'.proposals .eraiyj-fherej,/ (fnd, ' cortaiiUy;/lmveinot ...tho' merit oFnovclty. V > '.'/! i'-< ''.' p.'Ki.iiaR^iUfl.tHTae following molritínuulu Wfre rccoiveil,iit''jiJ- fi'rcicgruph:'Offiüi) from §0,11111 Australia yesterday :-" Kiirraclice "notifies; Tur^lsh'/route' ¡interrupted :b'eyoridy Foo.'/?-,.,'.' ¡Berne notifies Brazilian Hand . lirios' : .i¡ojw.,opcn.to.:tho.psWio.V,i.!.'J:iií,iii-: f.-li 'M î), 8t^lMÀ'ítif..Á, OAfci'É'/Ri'c^iirrsî^The ^¿i'ùai" ,ro¿oiiity!'óf the1 ^átóah'iaii/áWd'«VicWHà'ri cabhtëfor tlii''months' bf NovcmberH88áWjd'' ,1889 wore na follows :-PKïfl .,ifr*-Tteinrttuili1''1 1888J £520,4a. lOd.j 1889? £572 (is. 3d.; paid, 'ÍiibdIon¡cs,>1888, £397''ltw.! 6d;:' 1889í"'£40-l. 3sJ '3d.'^Tólals',:'1888, *£92ï Os; 4i1.';'i889, UpVEIJ.Í<^B^T|, RAlLWM'Sj-rTJlO,. mdnéj|.í'i'''olgiy'jn,i'|stra^ all¡ CóverüniCíit' officials ,wJ¡p liayjj.to make us* pî ' 'til]},' Railway s!iii tile'.' wiujsq of "public business, niust jiaj* tub', usüal.jPjisjióager'faro uud'éKliirgè\ tli.ä,s¡imol'tp<'ttib'J!oxpe-''s'cB'fl('tho I'ep^rtn'i¡5iiK.''Itl Ihis^ivay, iwhiUí,t.h£inpuoy will'figuratively.'.be, taken..out' of,q'pe"'p>qckot anU'put ¡uto, uúótíicr, ;tli'o' R't^i}i]'ft¿p¿p*lrt moiir/'w'll:'got tlié credit,ïqr^ço^'r^iugj'tho piiéseij'gcr's,' 'and', whçiï ,'tlimr'.^flount"3,,cio8o cuçli ^yeiir^ tí io, 'ça'riiihgs of t tliéj Wg '"will uppéit', ¡niiioti 'larger tháii,.^ijí¿(¿it'J'ériiviso ^«;¿¿'.',Í¡''I;, '."MI .»ï/V-i .., Pos-tOKFlotf DinEOTOHy..-b-Ití¡S',ploaaing 1 to jnptoitlia'! (Messrs. .H.', Wise'iana Co., ¡woll.: ?known ,*ii;, connection iwith'jtne,(Publication of IPpitOffibe, dircütoiiesriln. neighbouring colonies, have taken in hand the supplying i of j what has .long, Iweujfelt.by.business gepplo in thUicolony Ito be a great want-a Taamanián Post Office D'reotory,;:i.Tlie,iTa«-, mariian publication- will embraco the whole colony; and .will córitairilb'ne1 general direcr tory,; .with' sep^i-ato local diretotorieiij'soin ! prising all matters of information found in : reference« of this ohai-actcr.' i Mr. -A. ! Wise, n member of the ifirml ¡ha»,'arrived in this colony for the purpose-of compiling the work, andr will ibe'aisisted inihis laboura by, anieifiolent-. «Uff. :?, Mr.; ¡H.Y W. 'Hatton an; j non-tcesibyadvertiseirienti that ho will; In the course of tho noxtifowdaysj-enter upon: the work of collecting'the local informationi anjl;doubt|ess the present efforts to establish: so j valuable. a commercial work will be, readily sympathised with and I supported by | local business.neoplo., -, , i: -;' "THE PuoPtí's FEIEND,"-We have re jceived this .publication for December The following/appeal is made on behalf of the now Temperance Hall in Melville street - '.'It will be readily understood that its erection involves.« reavy responsibility ou, the p»rt of the Committee of the Tasmanian Tejiiperabce Alliance, which they o inndently believe a generous publio will enable them to meet In addition ti the purchase of the alte, the building, wltb necessary furniture. fittings1,etc , will costabout £7,000 Towards, this they havo obtained about £2,400,' being' balance of proceeds of the old hall and sub (»cription«received and promised But,'in ad<)l ion to a IOJH which they have effected. on favourable tLrms, they need a consider able sum to complete the undertaking, mid tlioy respcotfully appeal to tho public for assistance /Subscriptions m the form of a Christmas Bex or New &ar;'sLgift, .will be thankfully íeceived by the Treasur r, Mr P Taoy, or any member oftho committee ' ALUKOKI) ASSAULT -John Fahey, licensca of the Cornish Mouut/TIotel,,Collins street. positively denies the truth of a, statement current that be struokaman named Cunning hath," Who? was picked Up in a "helpless cou ditton, near the premises, and taken to the Hospital by the constable on duty ""TO-DAY'S 5 crMiimïNT.-Tim supplement issued this morning contains :-Leave« from a Diary, by J.G.P., Letters''to the Editor, Country News, Criokot, the Boom lu Wool, Sydney Gossip, Don to Ulverstone, tho George's Bay Dibliiot \ TJIKATOK'Rov^fc. - To-morrow evening Mr." Frantr^Thorntoii and company make their appearance at tho Thoa ti o Royal, in. The Private Secretary. The performance will bo under vjco-1-egàlptttrouti'je, and there iis likely to be a brilliant ana fashionable ussomblagu to witness the first appoaranco in |thi» city of an artist liorul.lod,with so much renown, and supported by so capuble' a Íoinpany. Tho Launceston season, concluded ast night a» successfully as it commenced, and tho company will arrive in Hobint by expies» this evening. > ' ' WiuTn'sCiKCUs -Tliemorabersof Wirtk'» Circ«a*»i.vo i their opening performance, Qunon's Domain, 'last night. The cheap r putts of tho houso were full, the stalls well patronised, and tho, reserved chair« mode- rately so. The oavalca le-^eiglit .horses, four lady mid four gentleman riders-with Which the performanceópcnoitwasgtven in the usual effective and da»liiug style. The ti ick ponies still retain their cleverness, and military drill and high jumping have been added to their feats. Miss MarizTo'g juggling on horseback and invisible , wire act have, lost none of their charm», although last night some time was lost in getting the wire to the' proper tension. Miss MudoTino Wirth is a» Clover a» ever, and to hor list of successes Is to bo added' that of Jumping through a , hoop of fire. Miss 1 Ida , Vernon, anew member of the troupe since last, in, Hobatt, runs her \ery closely, this being particulurly noticcublo In the double two horse j equestrian act. > Little ' ¿idle has advanced »ince we last! saw her and goes through. her .allotted, t uti j gracefully /and without a mistete. The .Midgets can bepd, and turn about in almostJ inconceivable shapes, and in bond balancing their former dexterity is oxoelled. Mr. Sus St. Loon, took tho five boree picture aat^hutiit lack« a little of, the completeness it attained at the hand» of due of the Bros W!i Iii, when lait Even in, Hobart The bounding jockey, r. Montgomery, maintains his reputation for «murtneas, and the audleuoe last night were glad to renew hi« acquaintance, a« they Îere that of Carl and >Alfred , Wirth the' Uiputian riders. In acrobatic strength the compauy is stronger, .having the assis- tance of Walhalla Bros., Matthew Bros., and St. Leon Bros., a combination which hut night showed what s ti eng th and lithenoas of muscle and unswerving nerve oonld accomp- lish. The trick« by the former Were hovel' and astonishing and were ¿Hpeatedly ap- plauded. The clowns andr the dummy were present with mirth provoking jokes, although some were, venerable and worn with the weight of long service. ' Wirth'a band 'gave «onie good selections and ,tlio wholo closed with an amateur act " Circus Riding Exposed," an iteiuispccially devised to please the boys.. Tho performance will be repeated to-night, cô-timencing 'at 8 o'clock, ' ""? i CAITAIN [BARR?-Coutinulng.hj», tour in the country dUtriute, Captain Jackton Barry lecture« in the Geeveston Hall tô-night on the i'.E.irly, Day« of tho Colonie» and hi« Tour "round the, World." It,¡s, a subject. fraught with, interest alike to colonista young or old. ST. GKOIHIK'B.-Laat evening the tonio sol fa cfasie«! in, connection with St! George'«' anil Queenborough Sunday'schooluperformcd the cantatas " Dick Whittington ' and tho 1*1 White Garland " in the presence of a crowded audienco, many having to stand. I^ndy Hamilton, accompanied by the private secretary (Mr. H. W. B. Robiusou) and tpartyMrom Government! House was pre- sent, und was l-ecuiyed :,by .the playing of the National. Anthem, thai audience standing. Tho*-feontatás 'contain' many 'pretty songs', .lucia,_trios, und choruses, and ali went smoothly awj were loudly applauded The room had been"'tastefully , decorated with firm-urn, forns,-Ghine*e' hwtbrns, flags, etc., tho effect being very pretty:1 The children in their varied arid gay," costumes, und the «tage decorated with a profusion of flowers, presented quite a fairy scene. At the close,' Canon Smith, on behalf of the classes, presonted Miss Wrainch and Miss G. WraincU with two handsomely hound volumes of "The Pilgrim's Progress, and " The Life of Christ." < He spoke of the great usefulness of such classes as the tonic sol-fa in educating 'the young in musical knowledge. Ho also took the opportunity of thanking Lady Hamilton on behalf of'all present, for har groat Itlndndss''in being /present. (Loud-'applause.)!' Mr. Eckfoid (Superintendent of St. George's Sunday School), returned thanks on behalf of the Misses Wrainch, for Cauon Smith», kind | remarks,'and the singing.of."God Save the~ Queen," 'closed 'one of tho most pleasant' entcitainmeuts given in this schoolroom, j ¡ST. JOHN'S.-Members of St. John's Pre»;, bytcrian Church, Macquhrie-strceti ooutiuuc Al|e celcbiatioii of the third anniversary, of re-npeuiilg the Church by holding a public' tea in'the schoolroom'this evening 'at-6.30,' following which there will be a'ooncefrt.1' ' " 'EAUT.Y METHODISM.-The RJV.,a.'Iron-! sid» will deliver a locturo in the Mechanics' Hall this evening on " Reminiscences of Early Methodism, gravo and ' gay." The rev. gentleman being personally acquainted with such men as Henry Mooro, 'Dr. Adam Clark, Dr. Chalmers, Billy Dawson, Sunimy Bfâdburn, ' Peter' Cartwright, 'etc.,'1 tho lecture will no doubt be treated in an in- teresting, instructive, and amusing manner. I Collection« will bo made in aid of Wcalcyau -(Church Funds;« » i - n -i - ' 1 . 'WOMEN'S!''!PBAVWI' IUKÍON.-The usual* afternoon meetiu'u' of.'tlid AVomen's Piayct Union will not bo lield-to- muirow, but in- stead thcie will/bo'a social at 7.30 in the ovening, ", i, i , , , "j, i-i , , ., "v THE N.T.Ç I.-i^oyeuir liindly disposed people have been in tho fiamt of sending on nowspapeis, books, and other literature, .when finished w ith, for the inmates of the Newi .Town.X'liaritable Institution'. These' have Jilw »ya hoon iwarmlyiwelcoined by i tho old people rcijuleiit/Hii J the,ilii8titutianj'bútl aejtlio supply is not equal to the deinundyi'ui special eliott is being inade,to obtain qui in- ciense. If paicols of reading matter ate left with Messrs) J. Walch noil Sons, comer of 'Elizabeth and Live»pool streets, and ail drbaaelll*£Lib?ary, Near- ToauuCliautablo iiliyititutioii/'jthey^ will,bp, July consigned, to their" 'diätimYtiou.'' Daringa tho1 coming! iClluatinnstido, v, lion w mimy 'books und' magazines ure bought, mid old stocks con signedtawastuxiiplioardp. ¡tTwquli{ be .well if ititi'?'bjdfolfr/k ^''Institution vtuio'ió' membor&l; in the mrfiinor suggested. PRESENTATION I AI I pATLAsig -^A a «pij-p spbndenV writes, iy-'l An Aatííe»lia¿ cere- mony was performed fil ffio; townShip on Saturday', Win'emberiSOpyiz-,' tihe'ipresoiita-" tión of an, ardross-auiUsomo booka to .the Rev. Laclil4nHtfalMpUolf,'lttté pustor''ol tho Pi¡^aliyter¡atí-JFr¿&: Church. lfIA' ''deputation1 waited, upon, the rev, gentleman at the Manso', and jifiv 'C¡y "j&. Weeding,, ¿ii ^the name of tliçJsufeeri1t)ora, preseulo(Intjip testi-j moulai, ancPMr. Pywoll also piesentcd. to Mrs.« Campbell ia beautiful leake ¡, basket. The address expressed the appreciation felt of j tile vicv. gentleman's L service ¡to , tho Chinth andiCl|tist's 'cause,.hi, the. distriet di^ruig-.the íougiperioa pf ¡«j.yeaiH, and^a, desire that the rest now entered upon may bo,onjoyód,¡concluding v. 1th! 'suitable' pas- sages of scripture blessings,.and 100 .signa-1 turcs) 'Mr. Campbell, in replying! expressed his deep gratitude to his friends who had thus thought of him, and stated! that it had created mixed feelings lb his'heart, and ono of tho strongest was' thaf'of1 sorrow Having had such a¡ long çonnoctjoii with ¿he 'Church and the people, he 'felt bound up with them both ( ,inj theirr.tenmoral ¡ and spiritual welfare. Most of thoso now living he| hud baptised'i and. married, and also baptised and married their children, and it wasUHereforo" a very .iiiitÚTal,'feeling', of sorrow to have to separate from those to whom he felt the feeling» of a father'*o¡ hisj children. He was none the less gratified'to' 'find that the' feellng'was'reciprocated.'and 'desired the deputation to convey to tbe'suV 'scribera hi>gratitude for their,i good/wishes expressed in the address. Referring" to the circumstance* which bad led up to his resig- nation-,-he stated that he felt he waa now unequal to the, teak, of, .^tending to, the. different stations a», they,needed, and,that! together with tho thought_that a younger man would be bettoriableito.doilt^aud for the genoral welfare of the Church, he had considered the time had arrived, whon he j ''should resign the charge ,RepTying for Mt« Campbell, he «aid «he had always entered as mucha« himself in to all the Church work, and would appreciate the token of affectidn thuslexpresaed, and would be still as happy to provide cake» for those in whom they could never cease to feel an interest The deputation then withdrew Iheillumi nation of the address was the work '? of Mr -A Reid of the Lands and Works Depart s nient, and has cltcitcd well merited praiie£, Messrs Walch and Sons were entrusted with the binding, tho address being in book form, and general gel up, in it reflects not only créait to the firm but to'the colony " CRICKET -A match wlli bo played pn the Lowci Crickot Ground between tho Orlando and Lcfioy Cricket Clnbsj this afternoon ; The following will represent tho Lcfioy - D iR. Lucas, P R Puuioil, H. Fisher,,^ Mcguinness, ,W. Haytou, R Giblin,,j A, Read, H Murdo¿h,*A Harris, W Simpson, , M j Ansolla i ernergencie»¡.,'G. ¡Clark, j H, ^Butler^Lacy. CITA- POLICE COURT,-Before the Poll«. Magistrate and Mr. J. W. «tchou, jp yastorday, Edward Brimfiold ami Hom-v Collins for disturbing thopeaco woro fined 10s. und costs, or 14 days. Margarot Burgess was ordered to pay 6s., or bo lmprisonod for Xdays for boiiig drunk, and -diaurdcrlv._A «ontouco of ouo month's imprisoniiumffua« passed cn Mary Feeney fon* stealing a sleet the property of Gcdfge Knowles aii^ahicii at &s.; The defendant in. the maintenance case Williams v. Williams did not appear alni an order was multo for a warrant to be' issued for his arrest. Chnilcs J. Norton was mulcted In 5s. and coste fc¡ ¡¿'owing a horse i\\.\ to stray. Sarah .Wilson'was «heil 5s. and A, costs for' throwing somo water ovei**srxpliiloy i of I Michael iPurkor. Mr. W W. PeTJäfis (Perkins and Dear) appoarod for the prose cutor. , ( r . BATHERS BEWARE!-A warning to bnthoi». presented itself yesterday morning, in the appearance of two large «harks iu the har- bour. A« might bo expected, a large num.. bor of people assembled, even at the com-" parativoly early hour of between 0 and 7 o'o'ock, to witness the capture of the marauders pf tho doe». The fish appeared' near the schoonor Lurk, now lying at Dünnt Street Pier, and were harpooned by Mr. W. Adams promptly, Mr. E. James having ob- tained the Implements required. ' With somo, difficulty the .monster«, which.- each measured, 8ft. long and 4ft. girth, were i hauled on to the wharf, where they created a lively j scone by, their struggles for freedom/! , . - ' l , | THE Crrr FLOUR ,MILLS.-Todsy the ; workmen who have been employed in tho erootlo.i of the building and machinery at . Mr, W, G.. Gibson's City, Flour Mills ara to enjoy the hospitality of tho proprietor, who has pharterod the p.s. Monarch to make an excursion.to New -Norfolk.- -Mr. -Gibson has arranged everything so as to ensure an enjoyable day, and with fino weather it should come up to expectations.- - ¡ NEW MKTHOII or BBIAD-MAKIKOI-It is " notified by advertisement in our to-day V issue, that a now bakery establishment for the manufacture of bread and pastry, by the use of Murray's" spontaneous baiting powder, li to-be opened at' 127,' Elizabeth-streetr, rn Saturday next. Testimonials before us"' spo.ik highly of tho bread so produced,'and'1 doubtless oonsumors ,will given it tai fair trial. , ,-, -, , ' MORNINGTON BRICK Co.-The second call of one «hilling per share iu the Mornington Brick and Freestono Quarries Co. is payable to-day. T 11 ' i,, ,-' ' i BKIXKRIYB BANDI .or MRROV.-Lady1 Hamilton« will at 3 o'clock this aiter Íoon, at Bellerive, open the exhibition to be old to-day, and to-morrow in connection with the Band of Mercy. ' LICENSE-» VICTUALLERS.-A special ,ni«et ¡tig of the 'licensed victualler« of, Hobart takes place in the Exchange Rooms oh' Mon- day afternoon next to consider the position1 tboy «hn)!,take up at the forthcoming alder Tanio election. i , , HAMILTON. - At the annual Licensing meeting hold on "Monday, tho following certificates wcro granted:-W. H Bailey,' (New Inn, Ja». Bryant, Hit or Miss Hotel. Jessie Cleland Glen Clyde Hotel, Wm. Langdon,i Old.Hamilton Inn, Hamilton; ' Edward'Wm. Raynor, Gretna Green Hotel, ' Macquarie Plains; R. V. Rodda, Bridge ' Hotel, Ouse. Tho application of Georgs Kitchen for license for new house at Oase , WAS postponed till Saturday next for a bptter attendance of member« of the Lioona-' ¡02 Bench. >n ' .,1 > OATLANDS,RACKS.-These races take placo to-day, beginning,at I ojclook. Specially reduced faro jtioket« are issued on the Main Line Ballway,'passengers being hooked right through to Oatlands. The last race'will be ' decide-!' lu time for visitors to return by. to-night's express. I SWANSEA ANNUAL STOUTS.-The pro- gramme for the Swansea Sports, to be held on Boxing Day, appears in another column. There are in all 10 items, and nomination« must be forwarded to tho lion, secretary not ' later than 10th , ¡nat. Handicaps declared December 16, and acooptances due on 24th. ¡HOSPITAL ITKMS. - William Fisher was admitted to the General Hospital yesterday, having received a wound on his wrist from? ' a ciicular saw. The' following wero treated5 and discharged : - John Groombridge, axo out on toe ; victor Luckman, cut hand by coming ta contact with machinery at the Government'Printing Office ; and Elizabeth' ' Linton, out thumb, ino Injuiy being caused by a bread-cutting machino at tho Hobart Coffee Palace. , ui MR. BRADDON ON TABMANIA.-'f he Hem JVCIOT of Octobor 26 say» :-" On Saturday night, Mr. E. N. C. Braddon (Agent-General foi Tasmania) delivered a lecture at Toyubee Kalli' Commorcial-strcot, Whitechapel, 6n .'Tasmania; its Resources and Prosncéts1' The lecturer (who waB well received) said that as to Australasia goheraUy, and,Tai- ' mania in1 particular, very little" was known' Jrr, this country.,, 'I he largo sum which callie from Australasia for the aid'of tlio'doèkers Inj the recent' strike WOB aii earnest of the good feeling and intentions winch the colo- nists entettained, towards- those in this country. He pointed out that a good deal of, misrepresentation often took piuco with iogard to the , colonies, ?? For | instance, some letters on. i Tasmania had re- cently been addressed to a public journal by (Some, correspondent] whose statements were* altogether misleading. This writer generally summed up ,tho whole matter in regard to Tasmania by saying that that country would bo a paradise if tho number ofi labourers îwere increased SO times, and tho'viagoB reduced 50 per cent. That meant ; "ïh'iit this correspondent would Uko to havo ""laboui subordinated to capital and tyran- nised o\ cr by, capital. But ho (Mi. Braddon) would gay, as an'employer of labour at Tas- mania, that ho should daoply regret to see tho day wbeji labour was loss remuneratively^ paid, jjinu'it'was now, und ho looked to the , futuro*of Tnsinafiia na one which would ar'se fr,om; her labouring classes saving up and building freehold Homes for themselves, \- becoming ta theil tuin employers of labour. Tracing tila history of Tasmania, the oledtuioi 'saidLtlmb tho'uboiiginals wero of the lowest typb 6f humanity, ahd wero vory ' few. The ponai settlement which »as es- tablished there might have, been expected to ¡leave .an!-indelible stain on the colony, -but it had/difappoared, leaving no trace of ¿its' existence.' This was accounted foi toa 'largo extent by the'fact that ma .y offenders -ware onc'o, transposed for offences that did not imply moral degradation., Tho penal , .settlement in Tasmania1 was abolished'in 1853\. Ha\ ing glanced at the antecedents of the colony^the Icctuicr passed to the con eidorationjiof" tho'prcsent condition of the country. tJBho' climate was>the,bcut.in'tliB ,' woild, and ImnnaniuMi was a hilly country. .-oEvciy . variety of Boonery was to "bo found. Land was to be hud at £l,nn aero for cash and £16s. 8d ( on, credit. '' The best of tho land «as heavily tiinborcd, and tho cost of clearing, was therefore considerable, but the timber had a value. For the; labour of the agrioultu'rist there waa always ample demand and ample pay, and mon of this class who could uso _ thj>ir hoads as well as their hands might "~ .look,forward to the timo when they would'j become yeoman farmers. Many agricultural \J Wboiirors who had proceeded to Tasmania from this country «otc now well-to do farméis theic. Thone was room in Tasmania for1 moro of this class, and there was a large ' quantity of Crown lands available for, selec- tion. Mining,'too, was only in its infancy there. -With" regard to education, ' Tasmoni» ,-bad, , been beforehand with Englan'd in making technical teaching a part , of I her State'system of education. This colony, which might well carry and provide for a population, of five millions, now had a population of only 100,000, with a debt in, the ratio of £28 per head, while the value of ,, the real and personal estate in the colony 'averaged £240 per head., With the.de-. 'velopment of the "resources of.the country, ?Tasmania' sbonld'have a great future, and -one of (rare'prosperity. The colony was1' willing to encourage the emigration of those - who were likely to make good settlers, but there should bo no floodingol the labour market to took« It cheap. Farm labourers and miners.wero in .good request, and there . was''a moderato demand, for artisanat and female servant«, but little demand for dresi- , milker«. 'Tile'rate» of wages were higher, "and the cost of living less, than in this . ' country.) o 'i n f>' ' . I . tth~~T~L HORRIBLE SPECTACLE.-Recently In.NewVji York a ltaemanSWas killed while attending . '-io ¡an overhead'Mftrio light'wire. No'one could reach tho SXi for over an hour, and during'that'timHthousands of spectAtor»""^ watched the horrWie spectacle. The body Waa slowly b$S£s,the clothing smouldered, '' ' and «parltaVwero seen/.from > the fstraet .1 below. Poblio feeling has beon roused to a high pltöh over the^ numerous deaths from contact' with electric light wires. -' ' 