THE NOVELIST._ Rosamond. A TALE OF NORMANDY. (BY H. E.) . (WRITTEN FOE THE TOWN AND COTJOTRY JOTTBNAI..") CHAPTER XII. Is this the last of hope ?-an empty Bhell, The hitter end of many a toil-drawn sigh. Why make we such ado? Were it not well To fold our robes aboutus, and to die ? Oae afternoon some daysafter the meeting at Como, Rosamond and her guardian were walking through the gardens of the Hotel Imperial with feelings quite at Variance with the tranquil scene around. ' " Guy tells me w;e are going tb-to lose you," Rosamond says, . toying nervously with her rings. ; " Yes;" he rejoins; and then both lapse into silence. " Is there any urgent necessity for your-your going so soon?" the voice is tremulously sweet. But, resolutely fixing his will against the seduc tive influence of the one woman who has sounded his most profound depths, he says, with assumed indifference "Yes; there are several important matters which must have my attention and," with the "He stroked the little hand, now amlost pulseless, and held it to, his,lips;!tq stifle,¡the)rising ? . \ groan." r- \\-iti\\\&-n u'ù-yw wi ?.JO ftluMv/!.I;Í"¡ . ; : (See tale entitled "Kosamond.'') ghost of a smile¿ " there are conditions under I which three cannot be considered company, you' know." ' " O, of course/' she replies, with a little awk ward laugh. " But that is not applicable in every case. Tou know you are different from an ordinary acquaintance ; and in the present in stance the third is an acquisition." , "I've a great mind to tell Heriot what you say," he continues in the same light tone. " But, seriously, Pére Emanuel, could you not stay one more week-until we go ? It will be so-it would please me so much." How in describably winning the almost whispered words borne on the air, odorous with citron blossom ! How pleading the great, speaking eyes ! The most critical hour of Pére Emanuel's life has, come. On the one hand Bosamond's love ; on the other, the rigorous, recluse-like life of the priest, whose duty and pleasure consist in doing his Master's work, with neither kith nor kin to mourn his loss when that work is done ! What a warmth of coloring surrounds tho first picture, a rosy hued possibility, irresistible to a wavering mind ; but, though the alluring prospect creates fierce tumults, he will not swerve from the reso lution taken that night when the revelation had set his brain awhirl, and placed his better nature in jeopardy. "HI consulted my own pleasure, I should re main, of course," he rejoins, after a pause, during which his eyes have wandered over the lake with the olive trees faithfully pictured on its limpid waters. " But there.-are jurgent;reaspns_fpr rnyj going which" I-I" cannot'explain?' ' And'/the words and the look which, accompanied -them dealt the deathblow to tated hopes: (hiiquitous,though not so to, her pure* mind) ! Hów duH arid gray the aspect had sud denly become ! She shivered involuntarily as sile1 mentally reviewed the cheerless future, and/with; a feeling "of -utter desolation,' longed .'for fest.! They walked on in silence, as: the long purple streaks spanned, the' lake, ' recalling/ to ' Père Emanuel á bygóné scene'when'théy two had stood together and watched thb' slanting- rays lighten np^he crested waves, f when 'his'; heart had been filled with a 'maddening! j èàlousy ! , Oh, thrice blind simpleton ! A sigh from'the object of his thoughts induced him tb -withdraw his gaze from the landscape; and he was struck by the wan, tired look upon Rosamond's face, and her labored breathing. Even the short walk through the hotel grounds had fatigued her, she who in the old days had journeyed many miles without a sign of weariness ! Observing the effect of his words upon her, and how bravely she tried to control her emotion, he said " I have promised Heriot to take a run over to England next year, and make Elmgrove my home during my stay, or at any rate untü you are tired of me," he added lightly. " That would never be," with earnestness. "I hope by that time," he resumed, taking her hand, and stroking the long fingers as he used to do in the old time, those cheeks will have regained their roundness, and a little of the rose tint they used to wear." And Rosamond smothers the sob whioh rises to her lips. " And now I must say good-bye," he said, as they neared the hotel, and Heriot joined them. " I intend to start carly to-morrow, and have yet to call upon an old friend who lives some distance from here." And he pressed again and again the hand he seemed loath to part with, before un clasping it to take Heriot's. " Good-bye, Père/' said Heriot, with a cordial grasp. " Don't forget your promise," he called out again, as Père Emanuel raised his hat to Rosamond, and, placing the hand of his fragile wife within his arm, led her slowly toward the h tel. 