EVICTIXG A GHOST. PHILADELPHIA TIMES. Almost every town or village lias its haunted house, and tho settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live during tho warmer mouths, returning to their respectivo commands later on. Tho rumour that Captain Beauchatnp's liouso was haunted was circulated by a servant. Ho was awakened one night by a most extraordinary noise. '1 he door-bell was ringing violeurly, and a struggling, writhing noise in tho wall of the house-not in oue place,but in several at once, and then ho heard a long-drawn sigh. This was tho last feather. He rushed to liis employer's room,and aroused him, vowing that tho place was haunted. Tho notoriety so cheaply earned became disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers wero invited into the grounds and gavo an entertainment. Finally, oue of tho men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in tho top, and seating himself near it began to play n qtmiiik air upon a (Into. Afr.ar in* dustriously playing for a feiv moments up through the hole in the basket came the i head of a cobra,and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the mea sure of the music. After the snako dauce -or the snako "charming," as Europeans aro wont to call it-tho Indian snake charmer walked around tho liouso, and among tho bushes pointed out a hole which might havo been made by a rabbit. To one of tho natives ho said ho would take out a cobra which ho thought was in tho hole. Seating himself before the liola the magician began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up tho noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly,hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon fouud, this being directly at tho base of tho wall of the house. Tho man examined it a few moments carefully then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had tho group gathered about tho pert former beforo a moat remarkablo noise camo from tho house. First, tliero was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rubbing against tho timber. Dust in clouds camo from the hole, and the charmer started back in terror, overturn ing tho man behind him. Recovering himself, lie darted at tho hole and, thrust iug his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but tho tail of a larger snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators as he stood holding the tip of the tail,and five feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, theu regaining his courage he shouted in Hiudustaneefor the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon tho tail, ho pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, live, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet- eighteen, was thero no end !-eighteen feet of quivering suake llesh as large as a mail's thigh ! A quick jerk r>ud the entire moustsr was clear-at least twenty feet in lcuglli-big eiioucli to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in tho least discouraged. Ho clung to tho tailand as the huge reptile turnod towards, him with an angry hiss ho gavo it a swing ing motiou by turniug slowly. Gradually ho increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until ho seemed tho centre o£ a wheel, the spokes of which wero the body of tho python. So rapid was tho motion that the snake's body was perfectlystraight and it was evident that as long as tho motion could be kept up tho mau was safe,but if tho tnouster could reach him he would in a moment be crushed in the liorriblo folds of tho reptile. It soon be came apparent that the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from the house stood a stout flagstali' a foot and a half through, of sold tealcwood, and towards this ho was gradually moving, whirling the snako faster and faster. When he was within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon tho few spectators what ho was about to do. This was to strike the head ot the reptile against the pole. Nearer he camo whirling faster and faster, until tho reptile stood out like a whip-lash, and then, with a quick step forward, he brought tho head of the animal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and tho great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air,finally droppiug limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the "ghost." 