ARCHDEACON FARRAB ON MODERN PREACHING. (New York Fobum.) We live in times when nearly all know bow to read, and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of the poorest Nothing is more fatal to the pnlpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals, it should be surpassed in knowledge by the JJCWa LUC |JllUbUig-|ll69a lUUbb UMSVAMMJljr VO a formidable antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly be convinced that Ins training placed him immensely above the standpoint of his hearers, and tbat in learn ing and knowledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, he might be excused for adopting a somewMt dictatorial tone, and for assuming tbat his ipse dial was sufficient to dominate over the opinions of ' his auditors. Bnt when a preacher chooses i to adopt snch a style in these days a lew are sure to be found, even in village congrega tions, who hav? a right to say of him. "Out, autrefois ; mats nous avons change tout ceia." jNotning is more offensive in tne modem preacher, especially when he is yonng and any rigHV to lay downTfte law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavour to con vince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit ia no longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered, if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will be taken only for what they are worth. Er- posnre will sooner or later await his in competence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, bnt of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and more deservedly against the modem preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the mediaeval in quisitor or the domineering priest. There are two great departments of know ledge which preachers are constantly tempted to inv-de, with no better equipment then that of a traditional and uninstructed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of biblical criticism. In both domains number less priests, and even whole generations of priests and religions teachers, have main tained and enforced news which are entirely false. The beacon light of progress over every such sunken reef of persecuting ignorance sbonld serve as a warning to the modem teacber to avoid tbe arrogance of a nescience which takes itself for knowledge 'and denounces what it cannot understand. It is perfectly true to say that there is and can be no antagonism between the Church and science, and at the same time there is no more deplorable fact than the hostility to science which has been displayed century after century by the immense majority of the Church's representatives. Not a few, in deed, of the martyrs of science have them selves been priests— among them Roger Bacon, one of the greatest of tbcm all ; bnt this has not saved them from years of an. ;nish and persecution, inflicted upon them >y the inflated and ignorant intolerance of their brethren. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has snfficiant honesty to accept facts, can possibly deny tbat scarcely a single troth of capital import ance in science bas ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the firry of theological dogmatists. In every instance the dogmatists have been iguomini- ously defeated- The world moved, as Galileo said it did. In spite of the Inquisition. A great puritan divine thought that he bad checked tbe_ progress of astronomical inquiry when he said that be preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton ; yet Newton was absolutely rightand the puritan divine was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpitsfulminated anathemas against the early geologists ; and one religi ous controversialist — with the exquisite culture and snavify which marks the ordin ary language of self-snfficient bigots — satis fied himself that daring the ages which pre ceded the creation " God had been preparing a hell for the geologist." Yet, before thirty years bad elapsed, the rejection of the truths which paleontology had revealed wonld have been regarded as the mark of an idiot. The men of science quietly advanced in their sacred task of deciphering the letters which God had Inscribed upon the rocky tablets of the earth, leaving tbe theologians to square their biblical objections with the new revela tion as best they could. In our own rime, to give but one instance more, we have heard from preachers, and sometimes from men who could barely scrape throngh the matri culation examination of a tenth-rate 'college, the most furions denunciations of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin him self opppb-.a to these tirades the silence of a magnanimity too hobta even for the in dulgence of private disdain. And already not a few leading theologians adoptthetheory of evolution as one which can be applied in even wider regions than those of physics. Lettbe modem preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of jndg- ment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. No truth of science can collide with any truth of religion. God has revealed Him self in natnre, of which science is the inter preter, as He has revealed Himself in Scrip ture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of. science have misread for a rime the teachings of God's works, theologian have demonstrably erred — and that far more egregionsfymdfor ages together, and with true meaning of God'e word. God speaks in many voices and has more books than one. Let all religions teachera, above all let ignor ant and unscientific teachers, abdicate at once their insolent pretensions to decide ep cathedra on new scientific discoveries and theories. Ihey are wholly incompetent to pronounce anyopinion nnpn tbem.Let teem, leave to >tiance the thinge-tfmt belonj; to science.' Science tatperfecflyUble to 'take care of herself. If her Ibodb are ' often hasty in their inductions and generalisations, they have no monopoly of error. The light of, God will show what their opinions arc worth, t If those opinions be erroneous, they will be refuted on "scientific grounds ; and "the lesson; of historic experience proves that itthey be ! correct, all other weapons, whether they pretend to be sacred or not, will be of no avail , against them. When, as is tobbtten tlffi cas£» preacher poses as " Sir Oracle " againstiqme< scientific theory, while he is as conspicuously Jgnqrantof science as he is of moslnther snb- ijefcbe,Hi» presenfe5 VepeetaMe -which is; ridicolons alike to .gods and men. "iV i \ ' i - A Misapplied Word. — WbakdelightH fnl associations are wreathed about the words " Lager beer !" Unpoetical in them- ; Belves. what sonny vimone they conjdre npj 9f pleqsant . Germany and vine wreathed; aibours, filled" wiih the scent of "ofoontlers, bwude tihe golBhinet: Sot; a German critic of a bookot Bnglish stories, " Jacob's: Letter," by BowlaaiU3,,oomplainsr£hat there is no snch word ns "inurer in . the Tefitoriic vocabulary, bat that it is a purely dTtenjfiese "lexpresaon. The popular , error (says an Amertcim paper) In caUing all the sveUhelowd Gennaii bema "Lager f'Farose from the fact that iheir first exporter, who trailed Strom YiennttjoSea tlieWTOa«ttt|er" which means literally . "stock,'; jto. imply tifUaifii wares tare€fitrr%aeSlkid 'phrase, a circumstance .wfriiippears "to liaa briy lean9ed tostii;lbr tyn glas bier. 