Gravelley. Japanese Superstitions. The household superstitious of Japan are very numerous. They Bre harmless ; often exciting laughter; yet so entrenched are they in the household that religion, argument, even ridiaule can not destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educa tional purpose, inculcating lessons of benevo lence, neatness and habits of cleanlinoss. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate lor fear of sweeping out the luok. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple color leBt their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being'a color most liable to fade. If the cup of medicine is up set by accident during the illness of a person it is a sure sign of recovery. This looks ae if the Japanese bad faith in our proverb, “ Throw physio to the dogs.” Thera are some curious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be cut before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the per son at bis destination. Neither should they be cut at night, lest cat’s claws should grow out. Children who throw the paring of the nails into the fire are in'danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fiy into the fire while outtiug the person will soon The howling of a dog portends death. If ! a woman eteps over an egg-shell she will go mad; if over a rszor it will beeome dull; if j over a whetstone it will break. If a man ehanld set his hair on fire he will go mad. | Children are told if they tell a lie an oni (imp) will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to* run away with his tongue, has oaused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of tho dark ness ; they always keep a light burning to ward off ghosts. Tho junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely neks to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the jnnkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost, he uses it to bail water enough to swamp the junk, ibut if the bottom can bo knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case the aot must bo accompsnird by an in cantation, or the ghost turns into a sea oappa—a many-clawed monster—who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle, sensitive race,. very much under the influence of their emotions. Lovo with them is a serious matter, often one of life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger and implores the gods to aurse or visit with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions which thrill and torment the human soul are as intense in far-away Japan as in those lands which boast a higher civilisation. 