IWovelist* The Ghost of Oak Crag. JJ1' ESTHER .SERXE KENNETH. (CoiichuM.) For a moment she thought it some wandering vagabond who had sought shelter there. Then she caught sight of a hand, white and shapely, hanging nervelessly from the side of the bench, and she knew »lie Mas mistaken. At first she was undecided what to do. Then with a suddsn thought she went for ward and spoke to the prostrate figure. *' Are you ill 'I Why are you here V" The man had hoard her step, and as she commenced speaking, lie looked up, showing a face wiiicli seemed familiar to her, though she did not recognise it. It was a dark, bearded, handsome face, very pale and haggard. The figure was shrouded in a cloak, but the dress about the breast seemed very much disordered, and she caught a glimpse of bloody llIK'U. " Are you hurt she asked. He'did not answer for a moment, «r attempt to rise, but lay looking at her with two mournful, hollow eyes. .' Who are you V' he said at last. " I am Emilia Lamar. I live here. If you a-e hurt, come into the house, and let me do what I can for you." He raised himself on his elbow, feebly gathering the cloak over his breast. *. I don't know whether I am going to die or not," he said. " 1'iu sick, and I've a cut here in my breast. If I could be tak«'ii care of, 1 might live ; but I think j it's hardly worth while. .No, I think I will He here," he added, sinking down on the seat again. Emma thought he was delirious. She went nearer and looked down into his fare, as he lay with closed eyes, and a sudden, swift discovery came to her. It was the man they had found apparently dying in the northwest chamber. He put out Jus hand as he suddenly opened his eyes and saw her bending above him. " I'll tell you who I am," he said, '. that you may bury me in the family burying ground-Hick Meadows, Major Meadows. See here," with a faint, bitter smile, showing his officer's dress. " .Tust let me alone now. if you please. I think I'll be comfortably dead by morn iug." '"You must not stay here exclaimed Emma, with sudden, swift energy. "You will freeze to death. Bouse up, I beg ; try to walk. You must go iuto the house." Her energy seemed to rouse him. " Who is there ?" he asked. *' No one ; will you come ?"' " Shall I see no one ? I don't want to meet anyone."' " You will not." He hesitated a moment, looking up to the house. 1 Then he got upon his feet-a tall, J haggard figure-and took the arm Emma j gave him. "You're very good," he muttered, as lie passed the threshold, and suddenly fell 1\. senseless upon the floor. 4 She never knew how she gat him into t lier room, and upon the bed. When asked, afterward, she said : " I believe he was heavy, but I did not think that then." An instinct of protection for this deso late man had suddenly seized upon her ; and, with the earnestness of one to whom few passions came, she forgot everything in her absorbing efforts for his restoration. That he was emaciated, as if from suffering;, she discovered ; and that he had a. deep cut in the breast, which, clotted with gore, no longer bled. His swoon was frightfully long, but, when he could speak, she gave him food and wine, judging rightly that he was in need of nourishment. As soon as he revived, lie said: 3 « Don't let any one know I'm heie. I'll tell you about myself to-morrow. Thank you for your kindness ; I think I'll go to sleep now." Then with a long sigh lie closed his eyea and fell asleep as lightly as a child. r Hearing her brother coming, Emma hastily left the room and closed the door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a chair, and said : " Hurry up supper, Em ; I liaTe got to go to town to-night." He evidently expectcd that she wonkl expostulate, and was surprised at her silence ; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, he took himself off. She went back to her room. The I stranger was awake, and put out his ' hand. f "Gome lieiv, please. Tell me whose voice I heard." ] " My brother's." " What is his name j " »vesterly Lamar." " Js he young, broad-shouldered, low browed, dark r' " Yes." | *' I thought I knew the voice," lie said. " I'm so tir«»d !*' He spoke with a weariness that was not. all weariness of the body. " Can you tell me about vourself now ?" " Tliere is no need ; yet I trust you, if you like to hear a disagreeable story. I'm a b.id fellow-not a man for a girl lifceyou to pity and help ; yet I thank you all the more for what you Jiavc done for me. Do you remember me as Rick Meadows "."No." You -/ere probably a child when 1 went away from here, a boy. My father died, and I went into the army. I got a taint there which made me more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I learned to drink and gamble. When the war was over I came back to the city where I was b.»rn, but I had no home, no restraining influence for a turbulent, nature and loose habits ; and for years my life was a whirl of adventures and dangers. There were times when I grew hcart-sick with myself, for I am not" naturally a brute; but I spent my youth wastefully, and middle life found me wedded to bad haoits, dissipated and immersed in various dilliculties. Among other things I was in debt; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All this must sound to you entirely base and without excuse. Jn one sense it was so. One day, about a year ago; I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured mv conscience-for the man was poor and needed the money-I forged my brother's name to a note, satisfvhig my self with the thousrht that I would re deem the note before it was due, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But before the note was due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. I was not j recovered until a few weeks of the pay ment, iind sick-room meditations ren dered me quite frantic. "I had abandoned gambling, but L turned to it again, hoping luck would release me from my difficulties. 1 was not fortunate ; the more I played the more I lost; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate staring me in the face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the army. I played with your brother, won all his money, when he , suspected me, and, iu a passion, sought my life. I escaped in the crowd which the excitement called up, and, passing a depot, flunjr myself into the cars, only desirious of leaving the city. But I fouud that 1 was en route for Lennox, and re solved to hide myself here until I knew what better to do. The night before last I came here, swung myself on the grape vine trellis to the porch window, which was unfastened, let myself into the house, and wandered about.never dream ing there was anyone here. I could not sleep, and, afcr pacing the floor for a while, I came down into the irarden. This room my old nurse used to sleep iu, and some sorrowful memory led me to the window. I was astonished to see you, and, finding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I wandered around the village all day, unrecognised by the people who used to know me well. At uight I took a fancy to come back to the Crag, believing that I should meet no one so late ; but, as soon as I shut myself iu the close room, a spasm of suiFocatin" pain seized me. and, with the instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and ray eyes remained closed, f was conscious of your enteral" the room, and of all that passed in my presence. When your brother drew that keen blade down my breast I was pain fully aware of it, yet could make no si<rn until the blood suddenly started. lie had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let myself down from the window, closing it behind me in my excitemcnt and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down the garden path, and fell fainting upon the seat of the summer-house where you found me. I had lain there all dav. To night I should have died if you had not been so good a friend. And yet death would have been a better friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot eoncieve of my utter wretchedness and unde.sire to live." " But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeem yourself-" " I cannot. A felGn's cell is my only prospect in lifeJ'' " How much money is required to meet the note's demand ?" *' Five hundred dollars.1' It was more money thnu Emma Lamar had ever possessed in her whole life ; yet she sat silent, trying to think how it could be gained. Major Meadows lay looking in surprise at the grave beauty of her quiet face. " Tell me truly, shall I trust you V she said at last. " In what manner If I get this money for you, will you return it at a given time ?" " I will." " I roust borrow it, giving my good name as security. If I do this, will you return it in one year 1-"' " I will." She looked steidily into his face. It was set if> earnest meaning, and she believed him. * I trust you. I will get the money to night. And, Major Meadows, I do it as much to make you trust yourself as to relieve your present distress. If you can return the money honorably at the end of the year, yci will have r- capital of honesty, parsercranci\ and virtue with which to commence a better future. Do you understand ?' " I do ; .and so help me, spirit of my mother, I will not disappoint your trust, Miss Lamar." "Then I must leave you alone for an Lour. You are quite comfortable V' " Yes."; The brave girl wrapped liereelf in a cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although the village clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housed for the night. She weut into the heart of the village, but iu less than an hour was mating her way swiftly back. She came into the room so quietly that when she returned Major Meadow's was startled. She placed the notes before him and counted them over. " H>.iven bless you !" he exclaimed. " When is this money due V ''To-morrow." " Then you must take the niglifc train ; yet you are hardly able." " I can go very well now, my heart is so stout," he said. She brought him fresii linen from her brother s wardrobe, and necessary toilet articles ; and then she left him. In an hour he came out, looking like a different man. " It is half-past ten. You have but half-an-hour before car time," she said. "Do yon know how I wish you were my sister i"' he said, looking down at her. '* I wish my brother knew how good a sister 1 iry to be," she said, her eyes tilling quickly. "Major Meadows, you are more than welcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep vour promise." "Ion shall see how I will keep it. \ou will he here at (lie end of a year ?" " I shall be in town. The old clergy man at the parsonage will know where I am." Good-bye. I cannot thank you." " God heljj you ! Good-bye." .And he strode away from the door in the moonlight. lho next day it was like a dream to hninia Lamar. Only iu her heart there seemed a fresh chord alive. They went back to the cottage, for esterly still continued the practice of «ty at night. He grew veiy dissipated, and, when she expostulated with him, he flew into so violent a passion as to silence her. In her hopelessness she allowed herself sometimes to think. "If Major Meadows does well, and lives to come back, 1 think he will be mv friend." She was aware that she did not see him as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in the place would be shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man as Major Meadows with friendly in terest. She only realised that he was 601110 one with whom she was in sympathy, and that he had wished she was his sister. I ri end less girls have innocently doue far worse than this. The spring aud summer passed. All the neighborhood realised th.it Em inn Lamar had a great trial with her brother. He was noticeably dissipated, and Prof" Gardner threatened to discharge him from liis class. He would be in the city away from his studies weeks at. a time. In the fall he was publicly cxpeiled from the institute, the professor declining to excuse his conduct longer, and he iui mediately disappeared fmm the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar ; but she could hardly look any paler or more distressed than she had done for a year pasf.. She had also another anxiety. It was K -vember, and the money she had borrowwas due. It terrified her to think of its failure; yet she seldom thought of that, fehe had an instinctive trust that Major Meadows would not break his promise. One night there was a terrible storm. She sat alone at her work-, when there came a sound of heavy footsteps, and her brother burst into the room. Oh, Lmnia, save me he cried. " Westerly, what is it ?" she exclaimed. starting up. I have broken into the Merchant's liauk, and the officers are after me." Lmma Lamar sank down 'u despair. 44 Oh, for a friend!" she cried. There came a knock at the door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im mediately recognise, entered. The next moment she knew it was Major Meadows. "* Miss Lamar he said. /' Major Meadows, tell me-tell me wnat to do for my brother!" exclaimei Emma, ttirniu«- to him with a manner winch betrayed h< r faith in him ; and, indeed, he looked Worthy of it--healthful) composed, happy. ' "Tell me what is the matter." "My brother is to be arrested. He has broken a bank." It was quite a grave matter. The officers came to the cottage and arrested Westerly Lamar; hut the following day Major Meadows became bail for him, and he was released. Through the major's intercessions he was finally acquitted; for he baa been only accessory to the crime. I!ut he had received a thorough check iu his reckless career, and promising his friends lie would do better, lie went to California, where he turned his attention to business and did well. Major Meadows had succeeded to his brother's property, and was a wealthy man ; but the live hundred dollars that lie r turned to Emma Lamar he had earned every cent, l.y the labor of his hands. lie had acquired regular habits and regained his self-respect; and when he asked Emma Lamar to be his wife, she was not ashamed to say that she loved him. The old Meadows house was refurnished, and thrown open. A happy family gathered in it, and rosy children played in the garden. They little dreamed how near to death their beloved faiher had once come in that old place. 