THE DAY'S DOINGS. Tlio R.M.S. Oroya, Captain Sturtdart, from England, arrived at Adelnido this morning. The mails, up to date 30th November, will be forwarded overland this afternoon bv cxnress train, duo at Spencer street nt 9. 15 to-morrow morning, and should bo ready by mid-day delivery. The Metropolitan Licensing Court sat this morumg, his Honor Jndgo Molcsworth presid ing. There were several applications for con- ditionnl certificates sot down fur hc.iriiur, but tho objection was taken by Mr Mnddocks, who appeared to oppopc, that tho annual sittings of tho Court had expired on the 31st December, and that therefore the Court iiad not power to deal with tho applica tions, This objection was considered fatal, and tho enso was struck our, Tho ap plication of William Mcador, the owner of tho Tower Hotel, Doucaster, for a license for his hotel (tho Court having refused the application of the former licensee, Nicholls, for a renewal) was to havo conic on for hearing, but it was announced that Nicholls had transferred his license to Mender, and the application was thereupon struck out. Two translera were granted, and tho court adjourned. Wo understand that it is contemplated by Mr Spalding to take hia team of baseballcra east ou Monday next, going on to India, ltou>o, Berlin, Boris, London, and Dublin, thcnco on home to the United States. We do not know where thoy propose to play in Home, but fancy thnt Air Spalding is trying to 41 dish" Buffalo Bill, nnd givo an exhibition in tho ColiaRcuin. If this comcB about "the boys" ought to fight a hard game for the sake of the ghosts that may linger r ouhd the old place. Tho heavy rains of yesterday and this morn ing lmve naturally caused considerable anxiety to the authorities at tho Alfred- Hos pital with regard to the welfare of the patients In the temporary uccoui inodation provided by tho tents. A representative of The Herald had a chat this morning with tho head matron — Mrs Strong — and that lady is loud in her praises of the way in which all of the patients havo behaved, and of tho presence of mind they showed at the fire. The commitlco has promised to provide her with mackintoshes and goloshes for tho nurses going between the tenls, nud as far os lho patients themselves are concerned she remarks that not one of them got vret. In fact, since tho firo some of the most dangerous caves of typhoid have been cured, nnd it can bo said that nob a single accident has bocn cnusr.d to any of tho patients. Mrs Strong speaks in high praise of the manner in whtch all tho nurses have worked while tho institution was in such a disorderly state through tho fire, and now when their work has to be done in the wet. Tbo men employed about tho institution havo also worked in a praiseworthy mnnnor, as they had to remain oboub tho tents all night in conse quence of the danger of . somo of the pegs loosoning, and the rain getting In to the patients, Altogether thoro are somo forty- two pationtB in tho tents, nnd tho authorities of tho hospital have every reason to congratu late themselves on thospleudid condition of all of thoBe. A oouplo of Chineese, named Ah Sing and Ah You, were charged ab tho South Melbourno Court to-day with smuggling cigars from tho ship Chang Shi, at the south wharf of tho Yarra, last night. According to tho evidence of Alfred Leonard and Daniel Ryan, Custom House officcro, the prisoners, together with another Chinese, woro detected leaving tho vessel and in ccnseqncnco of their sus picious appearance they wero bailed up nnd searched. Thoy had between 000 and 700 cigars concealed under their clothing. Tho othor Ohinree ran . back to tho ship. Mr. Goodsir, landing surveyor, who proseouted, did nob Drew for a heavy penalty, and the Accused wero each fined L2, or, in default, be im prisoned until the rising of tho Court. The cigars wero confiscated. Tho fact thab Boglieh troub have besom 0 thoroughly acclimatised in tho rivers and streams of this colony has been acknowledged for Romo-time past, and although an nn- common ocouroncejt has nob beonconi>14ercd an extraordinary circomsUnoo to see these fish ex posed tarsals. Thoso occurrences, however, havo exhibited tbemselveft very rarely— at such far distant intervali indeed, as to caum tho collec tion of crowd when any specimens of theso fish aro submitted to tho public gate- Such e crowd oongregated in front of tbo fUhmongcry estaolisbmenb of Mr F, N. Jenkins, Swaniton street, this morning, on the oceaslon of the display of two magnificent trout, weighing retpeoUvtly eight and seven and ft half pounds. But hero oomes in what ma v reasonably be Armed on extraordinary faoit — Theso two fleh were not caugfi la ptoee where they mfcbft tttana&f; h supposed to bo located, vis., in the up|Kir and pure water of our streams, bub worn hooKcd Into last night in the dirty portion of ths river Ynrra between lMnceh Bridge nnd the Botanical Gardens Bridge, by two young fellows, who lind gono there with the expecta tion of catching smaller frj\ The Varrai likely to present a lively appearance to night. Owing to the heavy rain of yesterday and last night tho East Melbourne Ground was too watery to play cricket upon tins lorenoon. Consequently, the Intercolonial match between Victoria nnd Tasmania could not bo resumed. If the state of tho turf will permit, tho game will bo resumed this afternoon. The New Year has been ushered in with quite a cycle of fatalities. Strango to say it Is often the case nt this particular season. Dr. Youl, tho City Coroner, hold two inquests nt tho Melbourne Hospital this morning, nnd there are four or five bodies awaiting inquisi torial offices at tho Morguo. Owing to somo confusion in the evidence, tho investigation intotiiccircumstnnccH nttending the mysterious death of tho uun Williams, who fell out of his bedroom window into the yard of the Koyal Standard Hotel, Little Bourkestrect, is expected to last a considerable time. It is alleged that the deceased was allowed to lie 011 tho spot where ho fell for eovornl hours before waist- Alice was procured. Another inquest will bo that on tho body of n man, named Wm. Connoll, who entered the Ynrra, near the Kow Asylum, for a morniup bathe, when ho was seized with cramps or apoplexy, and expired. His companion, Robert Cox, who went to Council's rescue, w oa also drowned, nnd his body has not yet been recovered. A meeting of tho sub committee of the Auron itospiuu appouiteu to inquire into trie cauvoofthc late fire at tho institution took place this morning. The proceedines, how- over, were private, and not oik-u to tho Press, but, according to tho information given to our representative afterwards by tho secretary (Mr Anderson), the business was only of n formal nature, mid dealt tuoro with making nrrango- menu for tho comfort of tho patients in tlio tents than anything else, Orders wero given (or carrying out a number of unimportant but necessary works, nnd donations of L25 from Mr Granville Price, and L2 2s from Mr Barnard, chemist, of Kow, were handed in towards tho building fund, Jtoports on the fire wero to havo bocn considered from tlio architect, Mr Webb, and Superintendent Stein. The latter qent in his report, but iu consequence of tho fact that tho nrchitcct'd wan not completed, it did not come up for con- sideration. No further meeting of tlio com mittee is likely to tako plaeo until Friday Afternoon. A correspondent writes to know how it Is thnt boys occasionally charge "twopence and oven threepence for Thk Hkrai.d. We havo on several occasions when a similar complaint has been nmdo pointed out tlmt tho runners who sell Thk Herald are not employed by tho office. They simply purcliaso their p.-q>ers in quantities nud sell them. At tho samo tunc no runner is justified in charging more than or.o penny for The Herald, and if any case to the contrary is made known to us, and tho offender identified, wo will deal with him. Wo regret tho annoyance occasioned by these attempts at extortion. The oft-proposed schcmo of substituting a photographic apparatus for tho judge nt tho winning post at horso race 1ms (writes Chant' Urs Journal ) been adopted iu Germany with marked success. Experiments iu the samo direction have also been recently carried out in America with such satisfactory results that at oiic well-known racecourse an official photo grapher has been retained. From theso ex periments it would teem that su- callcd 44 dead- heats," in which two, and in one case three, horses were alleged to have reaened the winning post exactly at tho same moment, are impossible events. The photo graph shows thnt iu such cases there is tonllya difference of several incites between tho horses' head. It may bo assumed that the photographic method would only be relied upon in very close races of the description just cited. There are certain difficulties in tliu way cf its general adoption, the chief of which is tho occurrence of dull weather, when a pic ture taken with tho necessary speed, say the one-tivo-hundrcdth of a 6Ccoud, would bo im possible. A fresh advance in modes of locomotion is evidenced l>y the recent trial iu London of an electrically driven dogcart. The vchiclo will accoiumodato four persons, tho accumulators or secondary batteries being placed beneath the seats'. Theso batteries nctuatn a motor ivbich is connected by chain-gearing with one of tho hind- wheels. A speed of teu miles au, hour upon an ordinary road can be main tained for five hours, the muter making at that speed about fourteen hundred revolu tions per minute, and developing three- quarter horse-power. Tho complete weight of thu carriage and its fittings Sb a little over llcwt. The movement is under ready control by the driver, who is able to regulate the speed to any required velocity. This now vehicle has been contrived by Messrs Immisch nnd Co., whoso steam launches ore well-known on tho Thames. What with air-driven tram cars, underground railways, cable haulage, and this last advance in electricity, it would scent (writes a London journnl) thnt a time approaches when horse- traction in our metro politan streets will bo as scarce as it is— for a different reason—in Venice. A lndy correspondent, uho was at Leipzig during tlio Emperor's visit, sends the tallowing unflattering description of the Kaiser " During tho ceremonies I stood exactly op posite to his Majesty for a wholo hour, nnd find a capital view bf him. He luokcd pnlo and haggard, has fair hair and moustache. The arm he carried 33 he always does, and it rectiiBna if quite stiff, for ho never moves it; his legs aro decidedly knock- kneed, lie is not tall, and not robust— on tho contrary, he is slightly built, lie seemed nice, on tho whole. People cried 4 lloch !' but it did not sound enthusiastic to me; English throats give out cheorn differently. The Kaiser did not appear to know what to do, and altogether it wan n curious sort of affair. His Majesty only remained three hours in the city." Max G'Rell has, writes a London pnpdrr given for the first tttno his new lecture on America nnd the Americans, at tlio Borkbsck Institution. With considerable vivacity and good humor the genial Frenchman reviewed the prominent points of our cousins nuroos the water, taking occasion juir parcnthesc to de nounce in no niCAaured terms tho politicians of tho country. No man with any sclf-rcspoct has anything to do with affairs of State, and when a senator gains by somo mischauco an in vitation to a select party, says Max CRolI, with characteristic exaggeration, the master of the house, on hearing hia name announced, firr.t enjoins on his servants to keep an oyo on tho silver, and then sees that tho hats and coats in tho hall aro counted. With all tboir openness and cordiality there qxist in some American cities certain ciroles moro reserved and select than any in Mayf air or tho Faubourg St, Germoi n On tho journey out from Liverpool a party of American men played poker incessantly with an entirely fresh oath -for ovcry card they throw down. On the Sunday morning a young lady wna playing sacred airs on tho piano," and tho poker party.coming into tho saloon, stood around, and for two hours sang hymns and psalms with tho greatest cheerfulness and energy. Max O'RolI has, he is sorry to say, met men in othor oonntrica who aworo : ho also met, ho is glad to say, men who sang hymns j but he believes America to be the osly place whioh produces men who do both with equal facility. The American girl possesses many oharming quali ties, but she overdresses; and the word sim plicity is not found in tho vocabulary of tho New York dresamakor. 