Tuesdays and Fridays. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1889 Mr Munro, the leader of the Opposi- tion in the Assembly, made another stroke at the policy of the Government on Thursday last. But his blow—hit in the alleged interest of the farmers— produced no effect whatever except that which was brought about in the shape of a long and tedious controversy, devoid of pith or point, between the members of both sides of the House. What Mr Munro actually did was this —he moved " that in consequence of "the proposed bonuses to wine pro- "ducers having failed to secure the "approval, either of the electors or re- "presentatives, this House is of "opinion that the proposal should be "abandoned, and the money about to "be set apart for that purpose be ap- "plied to the reduction of railway "carriage in agricultural products." It is remarkable what a variety of hues can be given by the tongue to political propositions. Mr Munro, for the op- position, paints, on the one hand, the proposed wine bonuses to wine pro- ducers almost as black as midnight, with a heart and tongue that are charged with condemnation—the pro- duct of a systematically cultivated hos- tility to the Government. Mr Gillies, on the other, in order to maintain his place of power and pay, draws a pic- ture of his proposals as varied and as attractive in their colors as those of the rainbow. The Ministry and the Opposi- tion are thus the artists of the political arena—the people of the country are the critics, or judges. But thereafter fol- low the representatives of two dia- metrically opposite industries—the wine producer and the farmer—at least so in a sense. Mr Munro comes next and tries to create a difference, and attempts to assail the Government and condemn a part of its policy by saying that the proposal to grant bonuses to wine producers is one that does not meet with approval. But Mr Munro is not correct in that assertion. On the contrary, he is wrong. It is true that the farmers are anxious to secure all that can possibly be gained in the shape of reduced railway freights. But it is untrue that either they, or the country in general, are in any way antagonistic to the proposal to extend the bonus system to those who are engaged in viticulture. Mr Munro, in proposing the motion quoted, thus took up a bad ground of battle, and, that his proposal was badly received is only an illustration of its un- worthiness, very many persons will no doubt agree. Judged from almost any light, the entire Budget proposals of the Govern- ment are, perhaps, without a parallel in the history of any other country under the sun, and it is therefore creditable alike to Mr Gillies and his followers that they have attempted the institution of such a grand state of things. Public money could not be possibly spent in a better way—for a time, at all events—in a country like our own, where the soil, climate and other minor resources of the place are of such a character as, if properly utilised, are capable of increasing our national prosperity. In the course of another ten years, or loss—when the effect of the bonus system will have been experienced—we shall, of course, be in a better position to speak of the value of Mr Gillies' now practically untested schelmes. But we, neverthe- less, think we might once more venture to assert what we have already so often reiterated—that, as soon as the Budget proposals have been fully carried out, the farmer and the wine grower, in particular, will have just reason to say that the Government which made them and practically exe- cuted them was wise, liberal and pro- phetic. CONSIDERABLE disappointment has been felt in various parts of the colony anent thie fact that, out of six hundred nominations sent in to the 1M:nister of Justice for appointment to the mulgis tracy, only two hundred and forty six of that number hive' been chosen. Everyone who knows how official wires are worked need scarcely be told that nomir.nations of the kind referred toare generally made by members of Parlia ment. But the Executive Council serves out appointments. Parliament arians have thus an unenviable duty to perforin in making nominations, be cause, where they fail to secure the apr'intment or appointments sought, :t'.are,? ns acontemnporar ey vey'wioly roriii liyliseappoiiited ispira tisforeats upon the bench. To our mind the ap pointments which have just been made are quite suflicient in number to meet the exigencies of the tinse. But the character of the men appointed are not by any means what they ought to be, being inl many cases, persons who are without evenl a fair elementary education, or thie slightest grasp of the idea of jmimprudence, as applied at all events to the true inter pretation of law. In other words, they are eisen who own a little of the world's goods-men possessing titular ambitious, seeking. reward lfor lhaving "worked in tlrJ public interest" and with candied tongues ready to lick the hand of somebody ill power inl order to secure the title of J.P. Still, after all, such men are not unworthy of ia little consideration, perhaps, for being so subtle as to win their spurs the way they do. So, for our own individual part, let the foxes rest, ind lot theml find glory in taking their seat upon thein bench and sitting as interproters of the law in all the ablsurdity of their littleness and pomp-in their mockery of mythical Justice, Tie license held by Henry Ah Pew, for the premises known as Globe IIotel,. Avoca Lead, was forfeited by Messrs Orme, Ieron .and Tlhompson, licpnsing bench, last week, defendant having been guilty of four ofmnces under the Licensing Act, The Chinesee object to the new duty of 2s .per gross on eggs. It appears that they have been in the habit of itue porting large numbirs of egs fronm the Flowery LTand, said they are afraid the duty will intorfere with.the industry. The femainder of the community will be glad that some check is likely to be put on the sale of year-old-eggs, eves, though they be welly good anid cheap. A. terrible accident hapspened last week to an elderly man naiied Oustaf Gerbert, employed at Krueger,s tan nory, near Albury. Tihe mani was en gaged feeding a bark-mill, and was wearing rough gloves on his Iands. While pushing bark into the machine, the glove on-his right hand becamse caught in the cogs, and his arm wias quickly drawn in between the wheels up as far as the elbow, and was liter ally crushed to ia pulp, death super vening. Messrs Geo. Phillipson,. jun., and Co.'s- next montlily stock sale.at St. James, will be hold on:isModay, 23rd S`thi"se ionitle 20hli) tti ncoinise= quienco of the Wanigaratta shiw being held on that day, the sale has been de ferred till the date above umentioned. The Dovenish show takes place to-tlay (Tuesday). We are infosrmed the entries are numenrous, and it is ex pected thati the show will fie a great success. A special traits will run friom hero to Devenish this morning, calling at all intermediate stations. The ar rangements will be found in another colu ann. A consideraise alarm \vas created at the convent at Deniliquin, N.S.W., ona Friday night by the action of ai mans who attempted to get through the windows and into a roons occupied by the nuns. The fellowvparadedaround tihe house for an hour or two, 'and kept the ladies in such i state of feae and anxiety that they could not go outside for protection. At lust, however, one of them escaped from the building and rnu over to the residence of Father Kiely and informed him of what lihad besen done. Father JKieluy at once pro ceeded to the convent, but iin the I meantime the maIn who had been the cause of thealarms hal made olff An examination of the premises showed that in addition to friightening the I nuns, arobbery had also been etlected a two haums, a blue blanket, andt some minor articles having been abstracted Information wits given to the police, and the man was arrepted is Ihe was Setndeavoring to sell the stolen halus. He was brought before a police court ssand sent to g.sol. The Government are dealing vigor ously with the ollicers of the service \- who have passed the ago of 65 years. 1 Several of these men will leave the service at once, and a number of others as t tile enusoLtmsveear. Some -mng like a.- ozen mlen tt'ill'-lis'g{: ']:b Sleave the - Public VWorks -depa?rtment ialone. It is no doubt right when old ago unfits a man for the. ellicient per t formance of the duties for which lie is paid that hlie should retire. But there is another side of the question. Many Smen are as good at G5 or even 70 years of age as they are ait 35 ; and it cor tainly appears a hard thiing to turn a nmis adrift on the score of yeaIrs only, and not on account of incapability. If the service were looked through several of these "condemned" s i ld. -.ollcerJ would be found far more efficient tlhan most of the younger meCn who atre anxious to get into their shoes. A "healthy flow of promotion," as the process is called, is aill very well in its way, and in certain classes of service, such as the army sand iuivy, which need menss in their prime. But that sru!e s applies witsh less force to civilians, and in many branches of it does not apply at all. The Railway Commissioners have for some weeks had under considera tion the question of providing a ditffer ent kind of lioor for sheep and cattle trucks than that now inl use. Some weeks ago it was pointed out to the Comnsissioners that the smsooth flooers now in use had a very prejudicial efiect on stock, as if all animal once got dlown lie was severely injured, and often trampled to death. The Com snissioners have been nmaking inquiries a:s to the possibility of titting the carriages now being built with im proved flours, but this was found to be too expensive. However, it was an nouisced that in aill car'ria- ges to b,, built in the future smooth floors would be avoided. The rail-way authorities do not intend to tie themuselves to alny particularnscheleese,, ultiough "they mh. ni6tid? by a' gentleissi fiosom nasllihist. SThiue trtfl.ic returns on thIe VictoiIn' railways for tsh lweek ending 5th Sep tember sbhow an income of 133,069 derived fionom theo carriage of passengers, pascels, lhotsea, nrrliages, dogs andl siails, against £33,338 for the corres ponding week of last year c; and for tIhe carrigern of slorclshsndsise, minerals andt eattle, £26,612, iagainst £20,420 . 13s 3d;the totral for thle cwek liinsg £50,(81, againsit ai total of £62,750) 7s Sd for the corresponding week of 1888\. lThe aggregates from the lest Jiulyto ldate are ais follows:- 1889, £Ot-,078 is, gis'ing us weekly aiverage durisngspthe ltst 10 weeks of £52,408; and 1888, £;586,036 8s 10dI, or a ceekly avesrage of £5:I,653 12 10d. Tlhere ars liow 2220 miiles of irailway open, againsi t 2010 thet sate time last yeas. Disatrou fieoods are reportedl from Aucrica. The full force of tlsstornms Swas fIlt iii the AtlantiIcity, Ischis al inost submierg-ed. Ilnlllnseds . i uction of property took iplace in New Jersey nadt Coney Islandl, and forty persons tse l:hown t so pve perished. II addi tion to thoi enormous Atsnsigo iis land, 'ntiiy wir-cks are reportled tlit r?et. A number of the residents of Be nalla are weeping and gnashing their I teeth just now, and over such t silly i thing, too-some about tihe sudden de- - mise of their cats and others the death of their dogs, No body knows, as flur as we can hear, what these animals have ilone to cause their unexpected. and much Inuneltted-by their ostliirs, at any i'ateo-destruction. But from all accounts there is soume persoin Inolngst us who lhas harbored such an enmity against the felilin and canine tribes of Bridge-street that he poisoned no less tllnis a dozen of these animals tlhe other night. Perhaps it is tlnht tle animals thus destroyed all took a bite of tile samo bait. But anyhow tile fact, nevertholess, relllins that half a' dozen valuable dogs had it like Iltuber of eats gave up tile ghost tlheotlernigllttogether. Andthestrang estthingof all was that tllero nustliave been ai masonry amongst them, for they all died together in the lhotel yard of Mr.Philip Smytli, one of tlat gentleman's *favorito Tobies being amongst thim. The bodies of the lot Ilave since been taken away for inter mont.. But, in thle words of Mr Smyth, who is much annoyed about his loss, " there is a frightful smell about the place, iand tile business oulgt to be ex Sposed, 0.t is coiing toa prett statr ;ofliin if I 'sideit', h o ota' i ý'a cat or iog about his holise for hIis own individual us(e." ia hali Ia ha I ha ! pDuring til last week or so a gentle mahn namled Mlr Fred Tlhomas, tlei re prescntlttirv of a soft-goods firI in Melbourne, ihas been doing business in ienalla. Being possessed of a rare conm binatioln of faculties--comic, serio .comic and sentinental-lie attracted thle attention of several persons in our midst, or ratlher at tile hotel at which lie lhas been stopping, and later on it 'was discovered that he was endowed Switli an inoxhaustible fund of humor anu excellent singer, a whistling vell triloquist, and, in fact, tlhe possessor of nearly all those qullities wllicli lmust necessarily be nlmalgamated to lina;o first-class actor. A suggestion ,vas, accprdingly, tlhrown out that n sort of extempore entertainment miglit be got up in order to raise funds for thel relief of the dock laborers of SLondon. Later onl-after consultation with Mr Tihomas on tile point-suclh suggestion was adopted, and arrange lments were tllereafter Inado to hold a performance ill tlo local shire hall, for Sthe purposlt stated, on Wednesday eveling next, tlhe prticulars - of wllicll are adviertised elsewhere in this issue of tie ExssIc. It is expected by ma111ny that thle house, on the occasion nnmed, will lbe a good one, as Mr Thomals has so Imuch true artistic smerit in himin that all whlio go to hear him will, we vcnture to predict, feel instructed, interested and *pleased by his entertainment. It was ordered a f-w days ago by Mr Justice Hodges tliat the action brouglht by Mr J. T. Brown, ex-M.L.A. ag ainsl the " Age" for £20,000 dam ages for alleged libel, should be tried at i lu-:liu..e-, Tio-puliinl',-lshutis -to-atve it tried at .Sandhurst, but the 'clefend Sants objected tliat tliere would be too lmucil local feeling at that place, and that Eclhuca was the most suitable and Sconvenient place. The alleged libel was tile inclusion of the pl:intiffs lname in the list of alleged Roman Catlolic candidates. At a recent ball at Government House, Melbourne, a lady visitor w-lre a gown which cost £600, the lace alone being worth 20 guineas I" yard. T'Jhat'stheway tile lmoneygoes. Pop goes tile weasel! Tloe rejection of toe stock tax in Victoria ihas had the ellect of increas ing the supplies of fat cattle ffrom Queensland whiich were Iitlherto very limited. .During tile week nearly 100 trucks of Queensland cattle )hlave piissed through Benalla en route for Me lbournoe markets, 73 trucks of fat ,cattle crossed the border bound for tlhe suime market. Another big fire occurred in Mel bourne oI Friday night last. And Snext morning Mr Jno. Brock, M..L.A., wais kiild enough to wire us the follow ing particulars :-"Melbouirne, Sop taonber 14. A Ilaree lire took place hlere last niglit- George and George's, Allan's and Glon's establishilments were b cnIpletely gutted. One fircman was killed by a falling wall. Sevoral otihers wore injured. Two mien were found. roasted to death in the ruins. 'T'le estimated damagl is two hundred tllousand plunlds." Some interesting, yet shocking, accounts are given by the police pho .wore on duty in the Srley wh)e! tile fatal fall took place. Constable Seamer states that ihe heard the crassh1, and ran up the right-of-way from Little Collins street. Tn i1 door way hie sas tie head"of, a man :pro trudig ft on Ii heap of bricksl.^ SOeVli4 bystanilers ssistiedliii to remove tlhe bricks wlhici woere covering tile man. The bricks were quite hot, and scorched about tilhe man's lead, and down to the waist. They thell tried to drag Ilill out, but could not do so. As they tried to drag hliim out by tihe arms, tilhe skin peeled from on' hiis wrists, from the ell'ccts of thle'leat. They then cleared the bricks and mortar from tilhe lower part of his body, and 'got himi out as quickly as possible and Seamner removed Ihim ill a cab to thle MBlbourne hoslital. According; t3 yesterday's daily pi)porn tleo bodies of tlhe other" two men buried inl tilhe ruins have been recovered and all tile places injured by tlhe fire me hleavilly insure'l. Mr ,Jno. Dillon, M.P., .one of tile Irisl delegates to Australia, delivered I an11 address at Albury on WVednescday Ievening. A subscription list was opened, and .£220 obtained. Great excitement was caused at H'trlrietvillo on Tlhursday when it was discovered that four copper plates of thle battery of tile Tiddle-di mline holding about l£100 of gold Ilad beeu stolen. Detective Sainsbury, of 1o naill, and a black tracker are at work. The Vanugaratta show takes place on Thursday and Friday next. One of the local papers-the "OChronicle" -states tlhat the nttries amount to about:1500, and, that Mr Macauley, of 1 Kilfeerzt station, near Benalln, will t hake it spebirtl exhibit Of Souithdowit .sholut- i .' a a h 'Tell fourteenth annual show of tfhe 1 Albury and Border Pastoral and Agri cultural show :was opeied on Wednes 5ay last and conicluded the following E day. The attendance owas not so large as on previous occasions, the flooded i state of the country having rendered, m many of the roads impassable. The o show was attended lJy several persons Sfrom JBenalla, sonl of whom were suc cessful exhibitors, Mir E. Bain, of I Winton, took four first prizes for long t wool sheep and the champion prize' for owes; Mr it. Hoskin's (Benalla) cele e brated bull obtained second prize; Mr r JLs. Tomkins (Mokoan) distinguished '1 himself by taking first prizes for fat t bullocks, farmers' cattle and IIerefods. The chief attraction of the show was t the jumpinig of the heavy and light r- weight hunters. The ground was quite saturated, and, its heavy showers fell during the day; it was -vcry bad for e taking oil and landingl Witlh such Sunsafo:fdoting; n any, of the horses e ico uld not do :tlinselos; justicce,'_.but. in The prize `for hunter to carry: 13st.. I was ion' by MIr J.H. Milo's.Eversley. [Mr W. Anisbrose's (lratis was second, anid Mr J. A. Wallace's IHutor third. In the c!nss for huýitciuip to list., Mr n A. B. Staflfs Duchess was first, Mr R. S rlit's ITighlander second. it. A corryong grazier Ies, or had, a 0- curiositv in the shape of it calf with id three eyes and two noses, the third ir being fairly in the centre of the fore dh head. Thoe head was larger than usual, it but the calf was otherwise it healthy d and well formed beast. Mlelbourneo spielers have reapel it goldeli harvest during show week, at n Albury. One farmn r aione lost £40 at the three-card trick. Another man to robbed sonmic Indian hawkers, but vi wis chased by them for three-quarters a of a mile. He jump*.d a fence and lit secreted himself in a~i outhouse,lbut " was discovered by his pursuers and captured. i Thie Vegetable Products Comnnission ih have issued a circular to every secretary e- of each agricultural, horticultural, or a pastoral ..,ciety and farmers' club, and or to every inewspaper in the colony, noti ' ftying that the handbook on ensilage, of which is being prepared from the is material gathered by the commission, Y ' will be published very shortly, and can b lie obtained grntis from this secretaries Ir of the local societies, or on application il to hMr Shillinglaw, at the offices of the sr comnaission, Treasury Gardens. These el societies are in number .118,. and an uy edition of 18,000 of the pamphlet will be required to place a copy in the hands Y3 of c clh mnember and of others interested. The desire of the commission is that the farmers may take advantage of the latest infortmation on the subject dur- ing the coming season. The Benalla Brass Band took up its stand on the local recreation reserve, on Sunday afternoon last, during which it played a number of musical selec- tions under the leadership of its new master --- Mr. J. Haig. The fact that the band had signified, during last week, its intention of playing on the day in questiont brought about a large gathering of people from whom a sum of about £14 was collected to- wards the relief of the dock laborers in London. This speaks well for the people of Benalla, being a proof of their practical generosity and sympathy towards those aflected by one, perhaps, of the greatest strikes on record. An hotelkeeper, named Mrs. Haigh, of the Palace hotel, Echuca, went to bed as usual on Thursday night last. But on tle following morning she was found dead. It has since been proved that she took a dose of strychnine, thus pointing to the belief that the unfortu- nate woman committed suicide. On Monday morning a horse attached to a buggy bolted in Queen-street, Melbourne, and in its career over- turned a Chinaman's barrow. A rush was umade by the crowd, who commen- ded pocketing the Chinaman's fruit. At that moment His Honor Mr Jus- tice Holroyd came up, and not only made several men disgorge what they had put in their pockets, but assisted himself in picking up the fruit, re- maining on the spot till all was re- turned to the barrow. Messrs Dalgety and Co report:--- Wheat .--- During the week our market has declined consequent on some rather large parcels being forced on the market for immnediate realization. At our auction sale yesterday we sold about 1,400 bags of wheat, consisting for the most part of inferior samples. Competition was fairly active, but the prices realized showed on the whole, a decline on previous week's rates. We quote :--- Prime milling, is 5s 4 1/2d. to 5s 5d ; medium do, 5s 1 1/2d to 5s 3d ; in- ferior and faulty, is 3s 3d to 4s 9 1/2d. A London cablegram states:--- Searle has declined to row any matches in America, but he has offered O'Con- nor or Gaudaur to row on the 'T'hames within a month's time for £500 or £1,000 aside. If this is not agreed to, he expresses himself willing to meet either opponent on the Parramatta River next season for £1,000 to £6,000 aside. Mr Jas. Thompson, a very wealthy man residing at South Melbourne, has written a letter to Mr Jas. Tomkins, of Benalla, inquiring if that gentleman would sell his favorite jumping horse, Spondulix. Mr Tomkins replied in the affirmative, at the same time stating the sum he wants for the horse-viz., £400. It has, of course, yet to be seen whether Mr 'Thompson will avail himself of the olffer. Should he do so we are told that it is his intention to send Spondulix, together with a number of other jumping horses, to England in the course of a month or so. The list of new justices of the peace has, after protracted consideration, at length been agreed to. The final re- vision was made at a special meeting of the Executive Council held on Thurs- day. Originally there were 600 nomi- nations sent in to the Minister of Justice ; and considerable difficulty was experienced in reducing the number to something like requirements of the various bailiwicks, and the making of the list was rendered very difficult on account of the outside influence brought to bear in the interest of many of those who were nominated for the honor by members of Parliament and others. Eventually the number was reduced to 246, the names of the fol- lowing being amongst them :--- Thomas Bladen Brown, Thoona ; Andy Kerr, Wombat, via Benalla ; Hugh M. Suthlerland, Cashel ; Jno. Crawford, Cobram ; Thomas Carbarns, Tungamah ; Morris Brash, Wangaratta ; Geo. E. Barrow, Tolmie, via Mansfield ; Thos. F. Bowen, Katamatite ; and Charles Hutton, Clear Creek, Eldorado. All these appointments, together with some others, are made in connection with the northern bailiwick. The wine bonuses proposed by the Government were debated at some length by the Legislative Assembly on Thursday. Mr Munro suggested that the money to be thus applied should be de- voted to the reduction of railway freights, but when he found that Mr Gillies intends to introduce a Bill in which the bonuses will be classified, he postponed his motion. The estimates of two departments --- the Chief Secre- tary's and that of the Minister of Edu- cation--- were rushed through. Referring to the appointments which were made last week in connection with the magistrates and to the list of magistrates circulated for information in the House on Thursday, the " Daily Telegraph " states :--- " Nearly every member of Parliament, certainly every country member, has files of letters from men willing to devote the re- mainder of their lives to the service of their country as justices of the peace. And as most of the writers are locally persons of consideration, the quiet terrorism they exercise over " the member " has a subduing effect for weeks before the list is published. The proof slips were handed round and eagerly discussed. About three-fourths of the members present expressed themselves as satisfied with the ap- pointments. The remainder were bitterly disappointed, those in the lob- bies being loud in their denunciation of the Ministerial selection as approved by the Governor- in-Council. The dis- satisfied ones say they will demand a supplementary list ; but Mr Gillies states that the list published was made as comprehensive as the circumstances justified, and any supplementary roll will merely contain a few names accidentally omitted." The Premier and all the members of the Ministry absolutely deny tlat there is the slightest foundation for the statement that they do not intend to go on with the Railway Bill this session.They are most emphatic in declaring the Government will proceed with the Bill as originally proposed. A young man named Frederick Reisenaur, a telegraph operator--- a son of Mrs Reisenaur, of Benalla West --- went out hunting on Wednesday last at Horsham and when returning at home he fell out of a vehicle in which he was sitting, receiving such injuries as brought on his death the following day. The deceased, who was about 29years of age, had intended com- ing to Benalla, where he is well-known, on Friday to see his parents. Much regret is expressed in consequence of his demise under the circumstances mentioned. The following applications for licenses are gazetted approved " Mary Ann O'Halloran, 17a, Dueran; James Finnerty, 69a, Dookie ; George Bu- chanan, 100a, Gowangardie ; James Alexander, 153a, Toombullup. Applications for leases are gazetted approved as follow :--- William M'Cau- lay, 119a, Tatong ; John H. Pace, 320a, Samaria. Transfers are gazetted registered as follow :--- From Geo. Phillipson to Jean Moodie, 160a, Goomalibee ; from Mor- decai Wilson and Harriet Wilson to Merdecai Wilson, 330a, Boho and Warrrenbayne ; from Catherine Flynn to Ann Flynn, 183a, Mokoan ; from Charles Garrod to Willis Little, 129a, Rothesay ; from William J. Grogan to William E. Hill, 47a, Boho ; from G. R. Allcorn to James Byrne, 200a, Boho ; from Louis Ellis to Thomas Green, 256a, Bungeet ; from Mary Dixon to Mary M' Murray, 319a, Strathbogie ; from Henry W. Hill to Henry S. Hay- ward, 133a, Stewarton. Mr Rossan, who has acted in the capacity of deliver at Benalla railway station during the lasts five months, leaves here for Mebourne to- day, being succeeded by a gentleman named Mr Wotherspoon. During Mr Rosssan's connection with the station named he performed his duties in a most satisfactory manner --- with a kindly though inflexible spirit towards those under his control and with grace- fulneess and courtesy towards travellers and the general pulblic. It has been decided by the arbitra- tors that the sum of £4,843 shall be paid to the owners and occupiers of the five hotels closed in Geelong under the provisions of the Licensing Act. The Benalla Assize Court will sit on Thursday next, the 19th instant. Mr Justice Williams will preside. Valuable Discovery For The Hair.---- If your hair is turning grey or white or fall- ing off, the Mexican Hair Renewer, for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original color without leaving the disagreeable smell of most Restorers. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots where the glands are not decayed . Ask your chemist for The Mexican Hair Renewer. Sold by che- mists and performed everywhere at 3s 6d per bottle. Wholesale depot ; Farring- don Road, London, England. The Home Rule movement any how be fairly said to have gained strong root in Victoria, and that it will gain even stronger root might be reasonably enough predicted on the basis of the facts containted in the following para- graph, which appeared in one of yester- day's daily papers--A convention of Irish delegates will be held at the Hi- bernian hall to-morrow for the purpose of considering the state of affairs in Ireland, and an effort will also be made to bring about a closer union between the different associations in Victoria which are in sympathy with the Home Rule movement. Mr John Dillon and Sir Thomas Grattan Esmonde, MsP., will be present, and the convention will embrace delegates from the different branches of the National League throughout the colony, the executive committee, and members of the Celtic club, as well as the managing com- mittees of the following organisations, viz., the St. Patrick's, Hibernian, For- rester's and Catholic Young Men's So- cieties. Mr M'Donald, the presi- dent of the National League, will pre- side, and it is expected that between 300 and 400 delegates will be in atten- dance. The convention will commence its sittings at 10 a.m.and in the even- ing a grand banquet given to the envoys will terminate the proceedings. The execution of Filipo Cartin Cas- tillo, the murderer of Annie Thornton, took place at the Melbourne Goal yes- terday morning. Since his condemn- ation Castillo had shown no signs of weakness. Resigned, apparently, to his fate, he had applied himself de- votedly to the ministrations of the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, and had looked forward to his approaching doom with the utmost calmness. A man named Duncan McCaskell made his bow before a local justice of the peace—Mr W. J. R. Wallace—at the Court of Petty Sessions, Benalla, yesterday, on a charge of drunkenness. Being found guilty thereof, he was fined the nominal sum of 1s, and 2s 6d costs. McCaslell paid the fine and then went away muttering in an undertone — "That's the last drink for Duncan McCaskell for many a long day— be- lieve you me." The following stock are impounded at the Benalla shire pound, and if not claimed and expenses paid, will be sold on 9th October. One red and white spotted bull, branded like AB conjoined near rump, tip off ear, lame off hind foot. 