Football. A splendid struggle was witnessed recently in Shef field between Preston North End and V7e8t Bromwich AUrions, the result being a victory for North End. The following were the teams: — Preston North End: E. H. Mills- Roberts (goal), R. Howarth and It. Holmes (backs), G. Drommond, D. Russell, and J. Graham (half- backs), J. Gordon and J. Ross (right wincrl- .T Onrufall f/vmtrt-\\- H?. TlAnrlinmf and S TTinm_ son (left wing). West Bromwich Albion: R. J. Roberts (goal), B. Robinson and XL Green (backs), E. Horton, C. Perry, and G. Timmins (half-backs), VST. Perry and W.BasEett (right whig), J. M. Bayliss (captain), centre, J. J. Wilson and J. Pearson (left wing). Preston North End won the toss, and elected to kick towards Shoreham-street, with the strong wind in their favour, and at 22 minutes to 4 Bayliss kicked off towards Bramall-lane. The ball was at once taken into Albion territory, and from a foul the Albion backs relieved. Dewhurst shot outside, and then Ross passed to Thompson, who kicked a goal, which was disallowed on the ground of off-side. Only six minutes' play had now taken place, when the spectators hear the Albion goal encroached, and it was not until both teams started to leave the field that the crowd retired, and after a Btoppage of 17 minutes' play proceeded, and Gordon passing to Thompson, that player missed an easy chance of scoring;. Both ends were visited, and then North End obtained a corner, which was handled by Gordon, but proved unproductive. For some time play was confined to the Albion territory, but for all that the North-Enders had a big advantage. In the wind they did not show that combination for which they are so noted, and it was not until 32 minutes' play had taken place that from a corner North End obtained a foul close up to the Albion goal, and Russell steered tho ball through. This success created little enthusiasm, and on resuming play was mostly confined to the Throstles half, and when the interval arrived Preston North End were in the ascendancy by one goal to nil. After changing ends the ball was* taken into North End territory, but quickly removed, and shortly afterwards the Albion goalkeeper had to beat away. From this to the close the play of both teams was not in accordance with their reputation, and was utterly lacking in that combination which has made them so -famous. In fact, the play in the hitter half was more of an individual nature, and was very loose indeed. Certainly it was of a more even nature than that of the first half, but still very disap pointing, inasmuch as there was very little passing and crossing, with too much l«ng kicking. Towards the cIobc North End seemed satisfied with their promised success, and tried more to prevent Albion from scoring than to score themselves, and time was called with the victory resting with the PrestorrianB, the final scores standing : —Preston North End, one goal ; West Brom wich Albion, none. The committee of the Rugby Union have done right in commenting on the loss which football generally has sustained by the closing of the clubroom. It was a great convenience to players, it gave diem an oppor tunity for discussing points of the game, and it enabled secretaries to communicate with each other without making calls daring business hours, to which there is a general objection. However, the bulk of the clubs did not pay up, and when the ghost ceased to walk the union had no option but to leave quietly, and now the landlord drops in on the treasurer of the union just for a cheerful chat about ' that little account ' a couple of times or so during the week. Surely such a strong body as the union can see itB way to set the room going again and to pay up the trifle of back money. We are bound in fairness to side with the Rugby Union officials on the question as to whether they were or were not dilatory in working up the Seddon memorial fund. The fact is that, with the exception of a email circle of enthusiasts, no one would attend the meetings which were called to bring capital into the fund, and from some unaccountable cause the whole affair fell fiat. The public feltregret at Seddon's untimely death, and then forgot all about it; members of Parliament did hot care to give up time to meetings, out of which no political capital could be made, and the footballers as a body found current events of more interest than anv thing in the unalterable past. In this way the memorial and all the recollections it conjured up of the young footballer, full of hot life and lusty vigour, faded away into a lar-off doubtful purpose, and then disappeared entirely. The question has been raised as to whether the Southern Rugby Union should alter or in any way amend the playing rules which are transmitted here from the parent body. In cricket the rules of Maryle bone are the rules of Australia, and the parallel has been drawn that we are playing under the British Rugby Union, and should therefore accept its laws. If that be so, the point should be decided, before the rules are altered at the adjourned annual meeting, as. to whether we ought to accept them t» globo or not. The Essendon team bad so difficulty in accounting for 23 of the Essendon district on the South Melbourne ground. Althoughtthe 23 scored die first goal, they were only able to add one behind to it during the after noon, while die club scored 7 goals and 12 behinds. Richmond showed very poor form in the match against St. Kilda, tho latter winning by S goals 6 be hinds to 4 behinds. St Kilda forced the game from ihe start, and played up well all through. TheBallarat football team defeated Geelong at the Sixon-paddock, Ballarat, by 5 goals and 4 behinds to 2 goale and 6 behinds. The game was witnessed by a very large crowd of spectators. The general committee of the New South Wales Football Association met on Friday, April 26, at Messrs. Levy and Scott's rooms. Mr. W. Fordham occupied the chair. A letter was received from Mr. G. Graham stating that he had formed a new club at Qranville, to be called the Australian Football Club. A letter was also received from the secretary of the Agricultural i Society's Ground, intimating that the use of the oval nearest the eate had been allotted to the association for the season for cup matches. The selection committee was appointed for the season, to consist of Messrs. Sullivan, Neate, and MWamee. A committee consist ing «f Messrs. Butler, Fordham, and M 'Donald was appointed to frame rules for the Flanagan Cup matches. It was resolved that the umpires in the cup matches be paid for their services. The meeting then ad journed. The annual meeting of the Southern Rugby Foot ball Union was held on Friday, April 26, at Aarons' Exchange Hotel. Mr. J. J. Calvert, president, occu pied the chair, there being about ISO members present. The annual report stated that, owing to the formation of a Northern Union, embracing all the Rugby clubs in Newcastle and Maitland, the number of dubs now ' subscribing to the ' parent' body was somewhat less. The formation of the Northern Union was owing to the advice tendered by the metropolitan committee. The Gardner Challenge Cup was won by the University Club, and the cup now becomes their absolute property, ' they having won it three times. The order of seniority waB— University, Arforna, Rosedale, Wallaroo. New town, Balmain, Burwood, and Balmain Wellington. The offer of a cup for competition amongst junior clubs was declined at a general meeting of delegates. The matches played here by the English players resulted in victories for the visitors oh all occasions except in the matches with King's School and the Grammar School, in each of which the result was a draw. The following players represented the colony against the English men : — Baylis, E. Cameron, Tange, Niell, Shaw, W. Belbridge. Gee, Rice, Hale, Lee, Braddon, C. Wade, Moulton, L. Wade, Tiley, F. Hillyar, O'Donnell, HWiahon, R. Cameron, Caird. Yeech, Newell, F. Belbridge, Braund, and Perry. The two intercolonial matches with Queensland were won by New South Wales by 15 points to 13 and 9 points to 2. The visitors defeated the Juniors. Owing to the apathy of a large number of the clubs the clubroom had to be aban doned at the close of last season. An invitation has been received from the Northern and Central Queens land Unions for the visit of a New South Wales team to Brisbane and Rockhampton in August. Matches will be played here on June 15 and 22 against the Maori footballers. A recommendation was issued to strong junior teams to compete as seniors. The committee recommended that both the senior and junior clubs play under rules to be framed by the in coming committee, and that badges be given by the union to the members of the team winning the pre miership in each class. The financial statement showed a credit balance of £92 6s. 9d. The receipts showed a total of £508 0s. 8d., including a balance from last year of £197 17s. 9d- and £137 11s. 6d. takings at the Queensland match. The expenditure amounted to £415 13s. lid., including £202 18s. expenses in con nection with the visit of the Queensland team. The report was adopted unanimously. It was decided that the consideration of the balance-sheet be held over until it had been printed. The election of office-bearers then took place with the following re sults : — Patron, his Excellency the Governor ; presi dent, Mr. J. J. Calvert; vice- presidents, Hon. E. Barton, Messrs. C. L. Tange, R. A. Arnold, Brodie, W. M. M. Arnold, and H. M. Baylies; joint secretaries, Messrs. W. Belbridge, and G. W. Graham ; treasurer, Mr. W. M. M. Arnold. Committee— Seniors : Messrs. P. Allen, Hale, Shaw, Ebsworth, and I'itzgerald. Juniors : Messrs. Kerr, Charlton, Moss, and Sikes. The meeting then adjourned for a week. The football season was opened on Saturday last at Burwood, the first fifteen of the Wallaroo and Strath field clubs being the combatants. The result was a victory for the latter by 10 points to nil. The newly-formed Australian Club of Granville played a scratch match at Clyde on Saturday afternoon, when several of the players Showed excellent form. A meeting of the members of the Wagga Commercial Football Club (writes onr Wagga correspondent) was held at \bo Criterion Hotel on Wednesday, April 24, when it ? an resolved that the club should be re-formed under the uiu name. The finances were reported to to in a satisfactory condition, and the following were elected officers: — President, Mr. P. W. Lorimer; vice presidents, Messrs. J. J. Peadon and W. C. Hunter ; canvassing committee, Messrs. H. Wilkios, W. Brooker, M. Mongan, and W. Connor ; secretary, Geo. Wunsch; treasuner ,H. Wilkins; general committee, Messrs. . M. George E. Wunsch, L. Wunsch, W. Brooker, W. Connor, G. Williams, F.Degroot, and H. Wilkins. The adjourned meeting of the Zealandia F. C. was held at Harford's Hotel on Monday night; Mr. Mills in the chair. Mr. Dessaix was elected president, Mr. E. Mills captain, Mr. Honeyfield vice-captain. Messrs. Wills, Honeyfield, and Maroney form the match com mittee. The club play their first match on Saturday, May 4, at Wentworth Park, against the Glebe Club. 