PARKES. (Independent.') VISIT OF BISHOP BYRNE. — On Friday afternoon, notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather, a large number of the leading residents of the district drove out some distance on the Orange road to meet the Bishop, and quite a cavalcade was formed to escort his Lordship into town. On his Lordship's arrival at the presbytery— where a large number had gathered, within the church ground, to witness the proceedings and assist in welcoming his Lordship— Mr. Albert Tolhurst read the fol- lowing address:— 'It is our pleasing and very affectionate duty, on this your Lordship's second advent to this parish to lay open to you our hearts, as a pledge of our devotion and pride in claiming you for our Chief pastor. Every act of your com- paratively short, yet fruitful Episcopacy, brings home to our minds the deep solicitude shown for our spiritual welfare. Were it not for you and such noble souls, Catholicity would be sorely tried in this fair and fertile land. As your Lordship's cultured mind must have often noted with delight how, under Divine Providence, the fields become clothed with the beauties of Nature beneath the brilliant sunshine and genial showers of Spring, until they outshine Solomon's robes in the bright- ness of their glory ; how the seed flowers in early summer, and the fruit is gathered in harvest ; so does your Lordship take care that the little ones of the fold shall be imbued with the light and spirit of knowledge, that manhood may be full of the flowers Christian life for mature age, to gather the fruit, which is afterwards to sustain the wane of life, in their approach to a better world. Thus are those innocent souls under your Lordship's vigilance re- freshed and formed to receive the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, by the imposition of your consecrated hands at your visitations. Each year your Lordship's episcopacy establishes manifold claims to our veneration and gratit de ; but we know that no im- perfect words of ours are needed to assure your Lordship that now as ever, both in respect of your person and exalted position, you possess the love, reverence, and confidence of the Catholic population of this flourishing district.'— His Lordship suitably responded. On Sunday he confirmed 100 persons, and in the afternoon the ceremony of blessing the new church and laying the corner stone was performed. £150 was contributed and a great many promises made. 