THE SUPERNATURAL. J. M. BUCKLEY, IN THE "CENTURY." I In an article on apparitions written by Andrew Lang, in the second volume of tho "Encyclopaedia Britannica," ninth edition, be says:-"The writer once met, a3 ho believed, a well-known and learned member of an English university who was really dying at a place more than a hundred miles distant from that in which he was seen. Supposing, for the sake of argument, that the writer did not mistake some other individual for the extremely noticeable person whom he seemed to see, the coincidence between thb sub jective impression and the death of the learned profesfor is, to say the least, carious." To determine whether or not it was a case of mistaken identity is very important, but no opportunity is given in the passage quoted. Tf it - was a subjective impression, the coiucidence would be curious and nothing else; and not more so than many coincidences in trifles, and many other circumstances absolutely dis connected, and many subjective impres sions without any coincidences. Mr Lang, in the article referred to, has written like one who has crammed with the literature of the subject without being at the pains to reason closely upon the alleged facts. He refers to the superstitious horror shown by a dog at the moment of a supposed apparition to his master. That' the dog exhibited horror when his owner thought he saw an apparition may bo readily believed. And one familiar with dogs knows that nothing will terrify them more than a great ap" pearance of alarm on the part of their masters without any visible cause. Of the same nature is the remark concerning the mysterious disturbance at the house of the Wesleys:-"The mastiff was more afraid than any of the children." The volatile imaginations of children have never shown any great horror of mysteries; they were sustained, too, by confidence in their parents. But the dog heard mysterious noises which naturally greatly agitated him. Many persons fancy that mysterious noises which will appear to respond to questions, to make raps or answer raps, conclusively prove that they are directed by intelligence. Sometimes they may, and the intelligence is quite likely to bo of human origin ; but noises of atmospheric, chemical or electrical origin may furnish astonishing coincidences,just as the fissures in the rocks are extremelv difficult to be distinguished from hiero glyphics. Some years ago an alphabet based on the spiritualistic alphabet was applied to the successive eu3ts of wind of a stormy autumn day, and tho coin cidences were astonishing. Whole sentences of a very significant character at times appeared to respond to the arbitrary standard. And in any case tho conclusion that a noise the cause of which is not yet understood must be supernatural is a pro cess of reasoning ab iijnurantia. That ghosts do not come to those most ic terested in them, and seldom or never to auy who long for them, has been a matter of note from tho earliest times. The ceremonies practised by the Christian Church iu tho Middle Ages in the success ful exorcising of ghosts are not less strik ing than the sort of evidence on which the ghosts were accepted. Two or three clergymen are necessary,and the ceremony must bo performed in Latin, "the language which strikes the most audacious ghost with terror." According to history and tradition the ghost may be laid for any term less than a hundred years, " in any place or body, filled or empty. " But what a ghost hates most is theRed Sea. It is related on the most iudisputablo authority that tho ghosts hare earnestly besought exorcists not to confine them in that place ; nor is any instance given of their escaping before the time ! When we consider the horrible injustice inflicted upon orphans whose estates are squander ed by trustees, tho concealment or de struction of wills, the ingratitude to desti tute benefactors, the diverting of trust funds for benevolent purposes to objects abhorrent to those who with painful toil accumulated them and with confidence in the stability of human laws bequeathed them, the loneliness and despair that fill human hearts, and tho gloomy doubts of the reality of a future existence-all of which would be rendered impossible if actual apparitions took place-the con clusion that neither in the manner of tho alleged comings nor in the objects for which they come is there any evidence to be found of their reality gathers almost irresistible force. broadest development, it would become an authority to which we would not only gladly submit, bnfc to which, we would all J eagerly appeal. -NORTH AMEKICA>" UETIEW. 