THE BURIED BUNGALOW. 'What can this msan?' askep I, rein ing up my horse close to the denso milk thorn hedge that shut in Mr. Warren's pretty house and its garden, gay with flowers, from tho tea plantations, tho green valley, the upland pastures and tho dazzling peaks of tho Himalayas soaring overhead. There, on a fragment of rock, stood the well known, tall form of the planter himself, angrily confronting a motley mob of natives— somo tawny, soaio yellow skinned, and a fow nearly black. These, although they had flung aside hoe and spade, I know to be the coolies employed at tho prosperous hill station, whore such a scene of confusion had been hitherto unknown. 'Tho scoundrels aro going to leave me —that's all!' said Mr, Warren, curtly. And at that instant thero stopped for ward in advance of the rest a gaunt Tibetan, clad in sheepskins, who, cer emoniously, with perfect gravity, placed on tho ground a fragment of wheaten cake, a handful of salt and a lota, or brass drinking cup, nearly filled with coins, from silver rupees to copper pice. Then, pointing with a peeled willow wand that he held in his hand, to tho food and tho money thrice, ho snapped in twain tho slender stock, and with bent head and downcast mien 6tood motionless, as though waiting to bo ques tioned. ' wnat mummery is tins?' asked I, in an undertone. My intended fatherin law, who know the peoplo and the coun try better than I did, shook his head. 'It means mischief,' ho whispered. 'Something has terrified tho supersti tious curs; and seel They renounco my bread and salt, return the advance of wages, and break tho wand, in token that thoy aro my men no more. You mean,' ho added, harshly, hi tho Ben gali dialect, 'to desert me, then, Han GorainI' 'Tho Sahib Warren is a good master,' replied tho Tibetan, in tho samo lan guage. 'If wo go, it is becauBO tho ovil eyo has looked upon this threshold, and tho voice that never lies has laid a curso on Yirmi Sou and all that dwell there.' Tho pan spoke slowly and with some dilficuity, such as besets those who uso a foreign touguo imperfectly mastered; but ho had. uttered his brief speech with emphasis, and with a certain dignity of bearing. Behind him stood tho Tibetans and lull men— sturdy fellows on whom devolved tho rough work of trenching and dyko building, while a little way oS clustered tho dusky coolies from India proper, their lips tightened over their shining teeth, and in attitudes expressive of the most abject servility. Clearly there was no stimulus short of physical fear which would havo nerved these crouching creatures to disoboy tho Burra Sahib, or owner of the plantation, whoso lightest word had boon law to his meek subordinates. 'If tho Sahib will harken to tho coun sel of tho poor,' said tho spokesman, after a pause, 'ho and his will hasten away beforo' ? But hero Mr. Warren lost patience, and interrupted tho orator, roundly rebuking tho whole Rang as a pack of craven hounds, frightened at thoir own shad ows, and without a spark of manliness to redeem them. Wero it worth while, ho said, ho could gallop over to tho near est magistrate and enforce tho perform ance of tho contract under pain of Hog ging and imprisonment, but ho wanted no half hearts in his service, so they might go. 'You hear uiol' ho thun dered, silencing Han Gorain's fresh ef fort to sneak; and tho men slunk away cowed, as Orientals usually are, by tills undoubting assertion of authority. Tho planter recovered his temper as soon as tho recusants had departed, and laid his broad hand on my shoulder, say ing, with a jolly laugh, 'A lesson, Georgo, my boy, ns to the thorns that will lio in your path when you and Edith live hero m my stead, as I hope you'll do, after tho gathering in of tho noxt tea crop, and set to to feather your nest, as her mother and I have done. I thought better things, too, of tho overseer— that Han Gorain, who, beforo somo heathen bogio scared him, was a shrowd and reliable servant. But nover mind! Como in, Musgrave, como in I Tho parson from Nyneo Tal ia hero already, and you must help the brido expectant to entertain him until dinner time.' Pretty Edith, who was on tho morrow to becomo my wife, smiled away any un comfortablo feelings which the conduct of Han Gorain and his companions had left behind; and neither slio nor her parents, nor Mr. Edwards, tho clergy man — who had como over expressly to perform the marriage ceremony — seemed to attach any importanoo to tho panic among tho coolies. i[' 'It was something,' explained M^r Warren, 'about Alp Dngh, tho ^cr. mountain at tho foot of which we 'i^'S but I havo boon a planter hero toO(ii,iivo; to caro for tho tattlo of coolies, u long aro liko children who toll of tho m,' They ghost until they seo it in every davftrsery ner. A delightful lifo I should 1- k *k cor hero had I been credulous.' Wave led And with that he dismissed .$ ject, and tho evening passers tho sub onough. Later on, however/]:! genially whispered farewell to my bwj , alter tho tho porch, draped with tlv J«t Edith in loaves and big whito blcvi-ib glistening Indian creeper, after thoi./ssoins of tho my own dwelling amcL' ride homo to and when my head iL'nS tno hills, pillow. & vague Bense.sVestod on its (' of insecurity beset me afresh; and even when I fell asleep my dreams wero troubled and sad, not such as should visit the slumbers of ono on whom the world smiled as it did on mo, Georgo Musgravo. Tho dawning of tho new day — my wedding day — however, chased away tho clouds from my mind, and when I mounted niy horso to ride to Yirmi Sou, attired as a bride groom should bo, my heart was light and full of happy hopo. Edith loved me better than I deserved — I knew that; that it was her father's intention to es tablish the young couple on his own fino plantation, whilo ho and Mrs. Warren returned to England to enjoy their well earned competency. The day was fine— no rarity in the east — but a sort of silver haze hung over tho peaks northward, und thero wero fre quent gusts of ico cold winds rushing down from gap and pass in tho rocky rango that forms tho boundary of India. I rode on, and presently, from an anglo in the mountain road, 1 caught a glimpse of tho 'Twenty Springs,' as Mr. War ren's thriving station was called, with its gardens nnd meadows, and tho now dosertod plantations, nnd tho empty huts of the coolies. Then I turned the comer and 6aw it uo more; hu'J; even ns it vnn ishod from my oyes I heard a strange, deep sound liko that of distant thunder, tho nature of which I could not divine. , My horso suddenly snorted and reared, and then stood trembling and could scarcely bo urged forward. While I was In tho act of stooping forward to pat tho Arab's glossy neck, speaking soothingly to him tho whilo, there broke upon my ear a sullen roar — louder, nearer, atjeach instant, and culminating in a crash so dreadful that the simultaneous discharco of a thousand cannons would havo seemed puny when compared with it. Deafened, dizzy and confused, I dis mounted from my frightened horse, now wholly unmanageable, and hurried on foot to a spot whence, aa I remembered, Edith's home was in sight. Tho air was thick with dust and withered loaves; but as the prospect grew clearer I could seo no trace of tho bungalow, of its home stead and gardens, or of tho thriving tea plantations and verdant meadows around it. Vainly did I strain my eyes to catch ono well known feature; of the familiar Bceno. Nothing was visible save a dreary wasto of stones, mud and rocks filling up half tho valley, and abovo which hung a cloud of tawny dust that was slowly sub siding. Asl stood stupidly gazing on tho sceno of ruin,- 1 caught sight of a man, bare headed^ and with a white scared face. I know him. It was the young clergyman who had como from Nyneo Tal to per form tho marriage ceremony between Edith and mo. 'Mr. Edwards?' I said, inquiringly, as I nearcd him. Ho caught my hand, covered his faco nnd burst into tears. Then, for tho first time, I realized what fenr was. 'For pity's sake, toll mo all!' cried I, hoarsely. 'Is Miss Warren— is Edith safe? What has' ? . 'Of all beneath that roof— tho roof of Mr. Warren's hospitahlo houso— I nlono am spared,' answered tho clergyman in broken accents. 'Death, the grim niower.hns garnered in his hnrvestthero.' Tho causo of tho disaster was but too evident. A stono avalanche, or moraine, as it is called in Switzerland, had rushed down from the unsealed heights of tho hugo mountain towering abovo Yirmi Sou, and had overwhelmed all beneath it. 'X caugnt a glimpse of Miss Warren in tho garden, as tho stony flood burst on us with its deafening roar,' said tho clergyman, as ho grow calmer; 'it may bo that God's mercy has spared her lifo, too.' And indeed I havo much to bo thank ful for, since my dear Edith was found, fainting, but unhurt, at tho foot of a tall cedar, the only treo left standing, wedged in-between fallen rocks. But tho other in mates of the houso had perished, nor wero even their bodies over extricated from tho mighty mausoleum which na ture's own hand had piled abovo thorn. Edith and I havo been married thcso fivo years, but our homo is in England, not m India; and sometimes, when I boo a shadow como across my wifo's fnir face, I know that sho is thinking of thoso who sleep below tho cruel stones at Yirmi Sou. — Albany Journal. 