.... .,STORYET7ES:. In an ,lobanyaclub ?thowine cellar was a strangclylpluteil of ilts. contents. l Bottle a alter bottle of.champaga.c disappeared, nnd. iouks s; seml.nopbpr;,ngainst, thie thirsty s 'tulevs. .1inollyt new suprintendontwasoo placed in hurge, and he seemed to bot man qi of an ingenious turn.osomind. lIto put new looks: upontb? collkr, but.hdidl not mean ii to place his depelidene, wholly upon iron bolts.?o 'lo oa rored, i remniarknbly. ugly boll-bog, witlh a very, misanthroplo dispoai.. ilc, nadshut hinm ii ntlbccllnr.,. There th' bruto stayis ll th tlo e· exceptfor halt an hour dalnly: when he is given a run inu the , suollglit. "Thddb'ldohs' no taste for cliam. i panna,'0nnd"noow tie' wind' stays 'where it is put until it is wanted in thb cafe. it iThei'' bhls"ri'reri blein 'an Instance :of " gmiouoess"o "like tihe visit of the Duke do Nivorcnis, in the seventeenth century, to .his dying seteward.' Wishing. to see'how mattoera stood, with 'tho poor follow, the duke stepped into the roam, and had the extreme condescollsion to make personal' inquiry into the state of his health. 'The steward, utterly bewildered by the honor,. raised himself in bed with great ilhliculty, and said, in' a tone of the most abject humility : S" Ihope.ydrr, grace will not be offended at my dying in;yonr presence ?'; "' . The duke, deeply touched, answered : "Not in the least, my good friend; do not mind me..' . . _ ; " 'Whereupon, thovatoward availed himself of the, graious permisslon' of his master, and ave up the ghost. . [Professor Dolbruck has recently pub. lished somel interesting souvenirs about the Imperor, ,Frederick. the . Thilrd and his laiilily, lere is. an amusing anecdote about the order that reigned in:the :household while Frederiqk was Crown Prince:; -Onoday the Crown Princessanid.to the t butler, nsue of the oldest servants and one who had ho. reputation of having a will of his own: ~ 1 ordered some Apolllnaris water several eeksa ago, and should like to taste it; has it notyet arrived I" The old.domestic replied : "Imperlial lighness, there is stilt in tthe cellar a lot of bottles of. seltzer water that must bua iuhk first I?i , i: : All tile persons at tlable broke out into laughter. Thei .Orown Prince,, after having him. self joined in the hilarity, said, ia·'a serious SMbly. Iriend, when the, Crown .lrincess orders you Iti'do' anythig, I beg you to obey her." ' Ono'day," sid a vieeranin a reaunt e inturviowi wlit Eli' I'erkins, ";I met an old soldier, who had been wounded in the face, ancd when I naked him in what battle he had been idjured,' he said :' . I got' it at,'ith, first`day at Shiloh, SIlou hbow could you ghti it in tbe face ats Shllolh?' I asked.' "' \Vell, sir,' said he, half.apologetically, t 'after I had rini a mile or two I get careless s and lobokd back.' ':Thiia'stryreminds noe of how one of 1l1s. worth's Fir Zounaves killed his lirst Con. 'federate?: "'11lsaid that' he marched out to the battloe'ti" o ult Run, and when about I utll way theer, he 11met't aJohnny Ileb. In 'nambush. 'a hat'did you do tli ho?' I nasked. t *. \ell, sir,' he answered,' I drew out my a revolver and he drew out his bowie-knifee and 'then 1' took tlhe.'lead froni the a start, anid kept It tclear nluto Washington city, and--' SBut how did you kill the man?" l bIu himt to death,' was the reply.", In "rmaking 'up "'neo'spapers, or the 'plcislng together of different paragraphs Ianto cu slumns, two saeparate itelns0 will, some.' tIies, he julinbldo together 'and' most am us. ilg result apcirper. ;,;,A French oewspieser had a good pecim en of this'kind of nixture: e' ? 1DriX Ibhns bleo' appolinfted heidc phyal. clan to the llopitil ldoa Chairlte.", Orders have teen issued by 'the adthorities for the 'illediate extension oftho Cieltioere do r lPnarasse." . . :The NoIw Iaveon journal, some time ago Inlda t earlote juomble'of two items; -teOureand:' " ., . . . i "A large'ceastlron wheel; revolving nine hundredl times ica minute; explloded ila this city ycsterdlay;",fter a long iand painful illii. Iess. Deceansed;wan a 'prominent thirty. i seconld degree Mason."' ' ' ' , The other paragraph detailed [how: : "John naction, the wellknows llorlst and I real estate broker, of Newport; lit.1.; died th \'ardincr and Russell's' sugar miill, at Or)'. slaiLuke, on Saturday, doing cousiderable damage to the bullding and injuring several I workmenl severely," uln, Jonsorlwas once requested to revise some prouls full of typographical and other I errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the houseof cor. rettion. Many anecdotes are narrated to illus tratu tie tact required in dealing with lunatics. Amoniig the inutes of anl asylum was a man who was considered perfectly harmiless, but who, havinig ni home, was allowed to remain there, being emnployed to show vil ttre iriiioi. Thie doctor went on the roof with hin one thiy to suee about repairing it, when thie lan olthlieily turned nlld suggested that they shouoli jalup to tie ground together. IIm ledlattely tile doctor replied : N" , don't let's do that, Ally one canl jump dlwn. Iet'a go down and see if we can julltl t nI," l'lle lenutic considered the loint " well takenl," nd agreed. L The head Ioi a private 10nyiiiii ll England was i tie hothrio-tl-lot watc?iltg a niimiibier ,of lunatics bathu, wihon one of tlen called " l,t's lduck the doctor I" and they all took rap the cry, Steeing hli danger, the doctor soal iat ollne : All tight boys; but Suppose you give a chlc erlor l i Illrt Andlll he noise of their cheerling broiught thle keeplers to his Ir?Lele. Tie S inlu duiieloiir was I i ri)oomi with a llllauliT, who, y isoi me iicl, hill posseed blhuei ll f itun rvinig lliiife, 'ltll Imie u tllhliicall ,iy luiid tl, nliyt tiit iito 1i111e ihcees, ii, iiii nuch aic hie regrettiel italie hiuiiiiI he lblig iii ii tc io ii. SVeriy well," eii tiII iluocltlr; if colrce, I[ that I (ihu cieiu, I Hall[ ILaku! eh ithl.iiiit to Ii!i'veiit you ii buit I CeU your klife nieeis souciolpeliug. Allow liltlto fechil ncgi uii'sininefor youi" Allid ii ilijcit'lo ll h u io liig rl\lneul, the qllllk. wvilted iloltoir Iniie Ilis es?ICpe. Old llnt11 ('ls'1 iulinly) , My i'iuuuiig frl'liud, whllc Ints iIIL WIIIho jult IIuIUked yll to gII naillI hav 'ii dliik i" r Iiii i iuIIc: I IIrll ey ,luules, lie's a )liii manc (willh c IniuIIiiiie solei tiiI y): " Nly, iily yeoiuig frlenil, hlie ln a cllllllllc y iii i'.,iiicg 'niiiii: "\\\ ell, I iiiin't knuuw IIIut Wha's'is llle iIilh , Ilrnii y Ii v Uii IIoII (ic or fIr Wl lli 'tiIty old Ii iIfi, who youl r frh1ie sl SOnI iof the aslrllillisi iiicihurhatiricLUII of I g, iW n Is lle l?,ioer of !luYiLilig iis uiwn eu01 