ATHLETICS, &o.; The Esk Sheeield Handicap came off oa Saturday last, and produced some good spore. The day's proceedings opened with the Ama teur Race, which was a. very tame affair, There was csome excellent running for the big event,. and a good deal of betting over it. The winner turned up in J. R. Smith, who ran from ecratch. He got a lot the beat of start, being nearly on M'Lean, who was five yards away, before thepistol was heard. Had he got away even, the race would have been a go3od one. MLean, who, with care, would make a good runner, ran well the whole die tancoe, and b-at Watt by about two yards for econd plece. The Zonsolaton Race felt to Tom Lictl, who showed the younger run ners that be has not yea lost his pace. Mr. A. M'Grory made an excellent starter, and, with the exception of the fnal event, got his fields well away together. Messrs. C. Pea cock and Lewis acted as judges, and Mr. W. H. Bemi as referee, all of whom gave ates factioo. Last, but not least, Mr. W. Seaton worked hard as secretary, and, with the ex ception of Mr. Burmae, was the only indi. vilaal of the committee *ho appeared to take any interest in the carnival--narly the whole of the work appearing to be left on that gentle man'e shoulders. This kok of enthusiasm on the part of the committee does not speak well for them, and is certainly discouraging to good ...o. The majority of the Americanolts who witnessed the receno achamponabip boat race are now thorougbly eatiefiod that the best man won, and pronounce hearle a phenomenono. The champion left Neil Matterson alone at Putney, and went for a trip to Scotland. Neil, there- fore, had to trust to Wallace Rose (O'Connor'e trainer), to look alter him as trainer and com panion for his match with Bhbear for the ahampionahip of England. The hbuanoicoapper for the next Norman Bandicap, has published the starts for than event. Amongst those entered appear the names of several local men. M'Garrigal is placed on seratch, the nearest one to him being Churoh. Of the ruanners from this district, Jd. M'Lean is on the 6O yards mark, and he is in my opinion the worsc treated man intheevenot At Esk he met J. K. Smith and received S yards and a beating from him. Notwithatand. ing this severe deteat, he is only allowed I yard from Smith. On the Eek running, M'Lean has not 1000 to 1 show of wiening, and he is sure to be a non-starter. The other local men entered are Franky(a.-7 yards). T. ,. Little, (8 yards), Billy Collins (a.), W. Ord (a.), and CojAlmool (a.-- yards), M. M'Leaon (9t yards), Geo, Locke (10 yards), F. Dyer (10 yards), and D. M'Namara (10 yards), and not one of this bunch in my opinion has a ghost of a show of winning. The beat treated men are Coonnole, T. and J. Malone, J K. Smith, and Darling, and if every one of these spin, the winner should come from amongat them. Ernest Hutta, an ex.Ipswich Grammar School pupil, playing for the Sydney Univer sity team against the Warwicke, last week, i made the grand ocore of 49. A southern sporting paper writes as follows anent thegouth Australison craok oricketr : George Giffen again wants pampering. He cays that he will not give a definite answer to go to England notil he is thoroughly satiafied that a really strong team is going. Give him a llly-atick; perhaps his temperament can thus be appeased. H. J. MPherson, the Modgee orack, last seaeson plaoed 20 inningsfor 1122 runs, with 186 as most in an innings, giving him an average of 86 3 per innings. On snuch per formaaces, he should have a big show of got ting in:o the next Australian eleven. When in position and ready to start (says a pontemporary), Searle, fiading that O'Connor was not away with him at the first attempt, said, good-humouredly, "You want a fair start?! All right, you go on and I'll follow you." The Canadian took him at his word, and cleared out,. Harry Searlo and Neil Mattereon, who are now on their return journey to the colonies. are not only bringing rowing honours with them, but have each a medal, which was pro. sented for their gallant conduoot in attempting to save two boys from drowning is the Thames whilst trainieg on that stream, The Newcestle Handicap was run off on Saturday Inst, and won by W. Maloney. off the 18-yards mark, E. Hillyard (129yde.--late of Qseensland) running second. To-day, the Professional and Amateur Handicaps will bo run offat Gotton. The as. ceptances, considering the few nominatione re seived, are good, and an excellent day's sport is promised. At present, J. Smith, M. Con nole, J. Malone, and Collins are eoniidered the best for the professional event, and TUhr, Wil. kinson, J. Fitzpatrick, and Campbell for the Amateur Race. On Monday, the Harrciville Football Club will hold a day's sports, and, at present, every thing promises to pass oesuoeaslsully. The knowing ones pick Griflitha and M'Lean for the AIIComera Handioap, and M'Grath, Fox, and Jones for the Amateur event. The Marburg Sheffeld Handicap also takes place on Monday. The handicop filled up poorly, but, as the committee are determined to make up a good day's sport, visitors will not regret a visit to'that lively little township. On the form exhibited by Cronan at Esk, he must nearly win at Marburg, 