Our MelboiirriiB Letter: ' ' (pnoM oun owjf connESPONDENT.) '?: :'??? '?? , May 20.--. A desperate but somewhat unsuccessful attempt is now in progress to work up an unemployed agitation. It commericed'some month or so ago, when; a deputation from those who alleged they could get , no work, to do waited bri the Minister of Public' Works, soliciting 'Government assistance. According to the statement then made, the1 number amounted to 400, and setting the. population, of. the city and suburbs nt only 300,000, this surely represents n very low percentage of unemployed. While refusing to make work for [them, the Minister interested hirriself in 'ascertaining where it was obtainable, and so successfully that by the voluntary offers of. Government con tractors and others employment was offered to 2000. 'This, however, meant a retripval into the country, where the works are in progress,. and as a first condition of; nccepr. tance railway passes were asked for, and granted. The next request was for tools, or 5s per man to pay as a deposit on the purchase: Here the Minister drew the line, but ngain the contractors stepped ? in, and promised to supply the tools, and it ;was thought that the matterwas done with. But when a man , is determined' to be an' unemployed agitator. he isribt'1 so'Jeasiiy disposed of, and the ^movement has' again commenced, the men asserting that when they got to the neighborhood of the works, but fevr could', obtain eriaployment,' and these few ' could not earn their salt.' They therefore modestly demanded-^(l) That re-; i/ei works be :operied-for, them '?';.? (2) thati the work pro vided should be in the vicinity ofMelbourrie'; and (3).that a Gpyerriment 'labor'bureou shbuld;bo established,' through which they might obtain employment as hey might require. By way of testing be statements made, Mr O'Keefe, the principal contractor referred to, was asked to explain, and his version of the matter is that, instead of going along the line to look for the work that would have been given' -to them, the great majority or; the ''men- preferred to -'hang!, about the township, and that of ?., those who were employed many left, and in a number of cases took with them the tools .with which they had been supplied. , Needless to say the agitation has not commended itself to public favor, and the Press has been down on it rather heavily. The Trades Hall, too, hns held severely aloof, and the amount of ungrnmmatical denunciation which has boon hurled' nt their devoted heads is something awful to contemplate. Figiirativoly speaking this phase of the subject is only to bo ap proached by wading knee deep in mangled metaphors and mutilated parts of speech. A' a natural result of that habitual recourse to the official milch now, which the free arid independent democracy of Victoria has been taught. to regard as its unalieunble right, tho position is laid down as a. first principle thnt 'so long as one man. is out of work it is the duty of,, tho. Go vernment to find him in employment.' Those who combnt ? this view, and even those who refrnin from actively advocating it, are all knaves and fools. The Trades Ilall Council is denounced as ' a fossilised institution, stationary, dead, out of sym pathy with the working man, and of no use to him,' while of ;the ; editors it is affirmed to be n pity that they could not be given the opportunity of carrying a swng.for a time, to get n more accurnte knowledce of what, it is to ha ' on the wallaby.' Lord love the innocent hearts of these horny-handed eight-hour syba ritos; when will they lenrn that one editor knows more' about downright hard work thnn any three of them combined 1 ; ..The', Southern Tasmaninn team of foot ballers was received with nil honors on Friday. There was a densely packed crowd on the Queen's Wharf as the Flinders came up the .river, nnd theringing cheers o£ welcome from the shore were nnswered by that musical slogan, that harmonious out burst, that' melodious combination of steam syren screech and rlndian war-whoop ' in which the soul of the Tasmanian foot baller delighteth. It's a pity that the team ? a not a combined one) so, as to make it thoroughly representative, because here the match is looked imon bv the nublic ai» intercolonial, n conclusion which I expect B you northerners will dispute ; But to get ? back to those moutons. ^ Drags' were in I waiting for the '! boys,' and they were I driven to the Commercial Hotel, Victoria ? Parade, where tables, were spread, and the m scene realised the description of how — ? ? Pigs, turkeys,: geese, beforo so fair, I All. vanished like a shot. H : Hams, joints,' : desEert ; one moment H ::? , wero — . .,., , . B ,-..'.'?, And then ngaiii were not. ? There was a ' very. , pleasant exchange H of compliment, accompanied by a. drop- B ping, or rather , a popping, fire of, Mqet, H and ,Cliquot's ','artillery,, and then, after 'a1':' H pleasantdrive'round the 'boys' were taken ' B to their quarters at the Palace ' Hotel, K Bourke-street. As I propose to describe n the play by itself I say nothing of it here. B The Ballarat strike .ghost, is not thor- B oughly1 laid yet, but there are ominous, B signs' of further perturbntions. The men . , H ;nssert that union men hnve been discharged :.: M ,whoJ8hould have been 'retained,' and that ? ; non-unionists f. have been employed .who |j .should have been' excluded,' and again'there . IJ !is!ari;arigrj'*buzz which may develop more IJ ncute symptoms. The men contend that IJ in consenting to the maintenance of exist- . ij ing, engngemeiits with nbri-unibnists'the1 Ej obligation to refrain from making: . ? H further engagements, of HkecharacterL.was '?; H understood if not directly expressed. This G would seem to be reasonable, arid being n so, without 'the further ''explanation, H 'which hns not-yet' been given, the act np- ; B !pears( to be a breach of faith ori'tho part o£- H the- company.' -Tho' matter is now. under H debate, nnd if ifresult in another strike: it B will be a struggle a la viort. . ??? , ? .',. That singular series of trials to which I I ?have mnde reference upoa a former occa- I siori — the -Cutler perjury cases— are still I proceeding. Up to the present the score . . I stands— 5 gaols and '4. acquittals, on pro- I cisely tho samoi.chargei supported by . I precisely tho same evidence. Among: :- I the ncquitted is Cutler himself, to shield. , I whom from the charge of wilful mur- I der. the five 'men now in. gaol are I .held to have committed' perjury. ' There: ' I is' another case .to be. heard, when the ... I present one is disposed of, and. what course' I will then be taken' with regard |to the' con- I yicted it will be difficult tosay. , ''?'?'..!'.,? I \ The' Bijou fireeriq'uiry is still proceeding;' I and'tho revelatioris'madeiwithrespect to I the state' of feeling .existing between the..-.- I fire (brigades, the utter disorganisation of I the whole voluuteor1 'service, the view the ? I officers appear'to' take :of! their duty, and' the scandalous manner in which the drunken irien bohaved are astounding those whoreally '?'? thoiight they knew the worst of ,. it.: So far from being 'n protection, the system is n stnnding menace, or rather an active danger. -It is rotten, corrupt, and incompetent to the . core., i It is a scandal to- the city, and a disgrace to thai men associated with it, but1 the terrible expoatS is-certain to. end. in its reformation. 1 Aftor being entombed in the, Franci Ormorid. mine, .Chewtpn./sihce New. Year's ? Day, wh*eh they'were i drowned1 by the rush of the|storm. water, the- bodies of the men. Dennis and' O'Connor , were- recovered; on , Wednesday last.' Tlio inquest is now pro ceeding, and will be a» long one, as it will go exhaustively into the qiuestion of the security of the mine. ' Frank Bradley gave- an organ recital in the Town Hallion'- Thursdnyias a tribute, to the i family of.,' thai- unfortunate-, insane, musician, Plaisted.. The halt was packed, the,' Storm Fantasia,'' which first evoked syinptoms of ,ppor PlaJsted'smadness', was ? listened to with rapt attention. Plaisted's march! in D, major. was- also performed, and excited prof oiirid' interest.' Tho unfortunate, man stands .committed; on n:coroner's ver dict for wilful' murder,, but of course it is ? only'aiformal'proc'eedihgl ' : \- The |terrible railway accident at North. : Melbourna- is : the latest thrilling sensatwn,' and the;.^ wonder is; that only one jlifejras : ' sacriflceilj' 'There.' has, been: a, perfect, epi .d'emic ' of 'similar disasters lately,; aiid it,, would seem' Jeither that unless the matter ca'n'be .accounted for on the 'proverbial-' i grounds that misfortunes never.cbme pingly, ? .\ ? there is^something, seriously wrong jWitn.^ i,; . the; inanriVr in which 'the service is con- ducted. A verdict of no one to blame ia fully expected, but it will be a costly aooideat for the country. 