Jfom raft €§m Miss Daisy : ' I am sure, mamma, Mr. Bingsonnet's manners are most highly polished.' Mamma, with no nonsense about her: ' That makes no difference to society, my dear, so long as bis elbows are in the same c inditum. Mr. Singaonnet must go.' Business Polntedness.— Old lady Crushing into a shop): ' Say, mister I I want some paint.' Obliging clerk : ' Tea-m. Face .or fence ? ' Versifier; 'Ton negleoted to return my poem.' Editor: 'Yes, on the principle of the golden rale. I remembered how It affectel me when I received it, and I wanted to spare you a similar experience' She was a modest and timid girl. Retiring, weak and shy ; But she knew how to talk till your hair would curl On the whenoenen of the why. ' Kin wants but little here below,' So runs the ancient song, But it, as all sane mortals know, ' . Is wildly, grossly wrong ; For from the day that sees his birth It seems that every one Is bound to have, besides the earth, A mortgage on the sun. A vain and ignorant woman of the shoddy tribe, boasting the other day of the progress nude by her son in arithmetic, exultingly said, 'he was in the mortifica tion table.' ? ? ? ? First Department Offlolal : 'I had a strange experience to-day — strange.' Seoond Department Official : ' Yon look as If you hadaeen a ghost. Come, tell me the story ; anything to relieve the monotony.' ' It is not a ghost story. It's all flesh and blood.' 'Well, well, out with it.'1 'A man came to me to- day to ask about a matter which I could not refer to any other department and I actually had to attend to it myself.' Mrs. Wiggers: 'Dear, dear, I'm most dead, but -Til have to chop, some wood.' Mrs. Miggera : 'Chop wood, indeed; why doeBn'tyour husband do that?' 'Oh, he never bas time to do anything. He write* in his study an hour every day, and has to rest after that.' 'Humph I What's he writing T' 'Another book on the labour problem.' Crnloal dentist : 'Well, how do the new teeth work?' Patient: 'Not very well. They seem to cat the others.' CD. : 'That is perfectly natural. They belong to an entirely different set, you know 1 ' One day the Grand Old Man of Hawarden Went out to fell trees in his gawarden ; - He fired a big ohip 'Gainst a churchwarden's lip, And said mo»t politely, ' Beg pswardon.' A writer on the small boy says ha has a deal of aplomb. He has the whole of it generally, no matter how moon ha may be urged to share a plumb with his little sister. Miss Sweetllps : ' Ever since I was a little girl, my papa has sent me a valentine, and I've saved them all.' Mr. Blunderby : 'By Jove! what a lot you must have I' Then he was sorry for what he said. Wife (returning from church) : ' Why, my dear, where are the children ? I don't hear a sound. ' Weary husband (who haa been keeping house) : 'I don't know, and I don't care ; but I think likely they are downstairs id the jelly closet.' Edison has invented a speaking baby. What we want to see him turn his attention to is a baby that will get op at night and find its own paregoric. Or ; better still, a baby whtoh will not speak at all. ?' Perhaps,' said ths poet, timidly, as the great editor held his poem a long time with out speaking. ' Porhaps you think there is more rhyme thau reason in my poem.' 'Shouldn't woader,' replied the great man, kindly ; ' there couldn't be any less,' And, taking the proffered manuscript in his trembling band, with a heavy sigh, Robert Browning strode wearily out of the -ffice of the ' Jenkingtown Befrigerator.' ' Persons : Landlord and steward ' Hare you tied up the butter J' ' It is done, sir.' ' And chained down the cheese 1' ' Yes, sir.' ' Are the imitation tomatoes on ?' ' Thay are, air.' ' Where is Ota wax frait J' ' On the sideboard.' ' Then you can lead the chicken through the soup, wave the ham bone over the china eggs and serve up the porcelain steak.' By the sea, one Bummer, high up on the ledges, Sat a pawnbroker chap with the maid of his love ; H« looked is her eyes aa he murmured sweet pledges, And called as his witness the blue sky . above. A witness uncalled wm concealed in the hedgee, ? ' I The young lady's mamma, quite as doubt ing as Thomas, Well versed in ' the value of unredeemed pledges, As he found when he paid for the breach of bis promise. When universal matter was a nebulous affair, Ere the macrocosm started to evolve, When a sort of atom-anarchy existed every where, En the nuclei had started to revolve, And matter to these centres had begun to gravitate, Did nascent gag-constructors at their own wit cachinnate I When the Eozoou was hnstling in the deep Laurcntisi seas. His calcareous secretions to amass, Did he dare in the security of rhizopodic ease And with facial development of brass Ao Eoeoic neighbor to accost with accents bold, And fiendishly ejaculate, 'Good morning I Ain't it cold r Whsn the prehistoric critic to the prehistoric . bard, With post-glacial getidUy and nerve, Said cacophony and ruggedness of metre often inftrnd Th« sublimity of flow and rhythmic vena That should mark all epics bated on authro pogenetic spats, Did the prehistoric versifier dare ' to murmur 'Bate I' Did Bhe Mean It. 'Np,' said auold maid, ' I don't miss a husband very much. I have trained my o.O£ to growl every time I feed him, and I bave bought a tailor's dummy that I can scold when feel like it.' 