SIURT'S LAST LETTER. [Tn tbe Auckland Free Library, among the vain able manuscripts presented to that institution by Sir George Grey, is a letter written by the celebrated Anstralian PTtilnrpr. Cnnt.ain Slnrt. tn fchn TTniirht 01 Kawau. in - vftucn tne writer complains ot toe neglect exhibited towards him by the Imperial Government. Sir George Grey used his influence in the hope of procuring for Captain Sturt ths honour of knighthood which he had so nobly earned, bat ths Government of the day did not respond to tha recommendation, and Captain Start died without a suitable recognition being made of his valuable labours in the cause of exploration. The letter was written from Cheltenham, England, where tbe brare Australian pioneer breathed his last] Do heroes always wear the crowns they're won? Do honours always wait the pioneers Who brave the Arctic mows and tropic son lo carve out greatness fir the future years 7 Are nations always gen'rous to the men Who venture forth with dauntless hearts to trace New paths where nan may walk with broader ken To found new empires tor the coming race 1 Let hist'iy answer, while the blush of shame Mantles her features as she tarns aside To weep for those who climbed the hill of fame, Yet unrewarded by their country died. 'Twas April, when the English fields are clad In green and gold and all the tints of spring. When love and hope and health make young hearts glad, And through the leafy lanes the linnets sing, Twas tunny April, when tbe kindling clod Busts into life— when orchards are abloom ; When Nature, waken'd Dr the touch of God, Stakes off her cerements, rising from the comb. Twas April, when old earth again seems young. The season when man breathes a purer breath ; When sorrow's language seems an unknown tongue, . And in youth's book there's no such word as Death. But Apiil ba* its clouds that veil the sun. It's sullen shadows, flitting now and then Across tbe £ky, till all seems drear and don, like gloomy thoughts that shade the hopes of men. Sad night wa* creeping o'er the Cotswold Hills Across tbe footsteps of an April eve, Ihe forest birds bad ceased their merry trills, And from the land the sun had ta'en his leave. Stricken by sickness in a silent room, Uursed by his wile, the old explorer lay, And Betrotpection, flashing through the doom, Brought back the scenes he loved, far, far away, 'Dear wile, the shades of n'ght are near, And weird-like clouds are scudding by ; I've watched them come and disappear. Like grey ghosts flitting o'er the sky ; And while I watched, I wanderM far In waking dreams to tbat fair land Where first I followed Fame's bright star. Through deseits drear and forests grand ; Again I stood, in manhood's prime, A leader of the gallant few Who labour'd foi the after time, T?;Si ttonU?£S t?ii« ^nl courage true ; Again beneath ihe jel'ow blaze Of Acstial's summer sun we marched 1 Across tbo plains where Darling EtrayB Through wilderness pale and parched. Once more en Munumbidgee's flood We swept along — my mate3 and J, While on tbe banks tbe wild men stood And raised their spears with savage cry. But one grand object fired my soul, And God's protecting hand was near To guide me to the wuhed-for goal— I felt Bis power and knew not fear. I was Bis humble instrument, His harbiDger to lead the war— The herald of His grand intent, With message of His coming dsy. I knew that in the wilderness : A prouder Britain soon should rise, : That millions yet unborn would ble«s Salvation's emblems in the skua, Which pointed to the golden shore Where Pe3ce would rule and Progress rel^n, And Plenty keep her richest store, ? ' And Commerce sway the southern main. With thoughts like these, in danger's face I boldly looked with fearless gaze, \- ? I-felt my mission was to trace New paths through Nature's hidden ways. Ob, happy hour ! when floating through, By bank and ben d and leafy sweep, Zhe Murray burst upon our view, : -And caused our hearts with joy to leap. Eureka 1 it is ours at last. Thank God, w&'ve found the silver key Tbat can unlock an empire vast A&d; ope a gateway to the sea. Then floating down by wood and wold, : And islets In fresh verdure dre% We came to wbete the Darling rolled - His waters into Murray's breast. ? J You know the sequel — well, 'twas mine To help to build lhat thriving State, Famed for its com, its wool and wine— A future nation proud and great 'Twas mine to setve my native land Beneath that man of noble mien, Who knew the secret oi command. And sway'd ithe sceptre of our Queen. He still remains our faithful friend. Though years have rolled away since then ; Ah ! tbat reminds me, I must send An answer to his note. A pen. My love, there's ink a&d; paper here ; Sly hand is trembling, yet I'll try To write to him, our friend so dear. And watmly tbauk him ere I die. 'Iis finished, I have told* him why I sought some honour from the State, Seme thanks to those in stations high; He knowa I've earn'd a better fate Than that I've met with, but alas I I've learned how Governments besioir Their favours here— but let it pass ; ? - ' What are distinctions here below . : Compared to those which wait above ' For souls tbat do their duty here? - The light of God's eternal lava ? : To me shall scon make all things dear. I care not for eaith's honours now, ! Men's praise is as the passing wind \ ' I sought a wreath to bind my brow : For sake of those I leave behind. Nsy, weep not, wife, be not downcast, - Dispatch this missive to our friend : fell him this letter ia my last— ? X see tbe shadow of the End.' -J lUtiUlB BRiCKIlf. ,- Dsnedin, November 9. ^^^- 