,i- ::, ,:^,ii . . ??- v ;.-...fvii:f----i-l-.-'^rf A Great Racehofrse. ?.'-?; iOf The Blrb and his death 'Attgnr' write* : A great raoahorsA' has gon'o tho way of all ' horseflesh. - The Barb succumbed to an attack of colio, a few days: ago, at the station of his \- owner*, Messrs. Wheeler. Tho Barb wob bred ?by the Hon. George Lee, of Bathurst, and was by Sir Heiculca from Young Gulnaro, by Doctor. When a yearling Mr. John Tait selected him aa a very likely-lookinir youngster, for, though small in staturo, he showed great mmoular dovclopmeht, nnd ho wim taken to Kandwick, and thpre broken in by James Ash worth, ono of the bent hornemon thiitevir got into a saddle He gave considerable trouble, and when ho mado bis flwt appearance in public he ran very green, and wan beaten, but in a hundicopaf terwardfl ho won very easily, Bnd as a three-year-old waB ulso triumphant in the A.J.C. Derby. Bulginbar defeated him in tho Maiden Plate, but thift wan attributed to the colt run ning in pint™. Those who -witnessed the Molbournu Cup of 1866 will never forget how gallantly he fought it out with Exile, and do feattd him. Then ho won the Champion Stakoscn New Year's Day. but injured ono of hisfoL-t ho eevorely that ho had to havo a spell, but was brought out for the A.J.C. St. Leeer, whioh wan won by Fishhook, but it wsb evident that The Barb -nan a long way from being himself, and it waB tome timo ere ho recovered from the gruelling. In the fol lowing season, howovor, ho camo out again, and won the V.K.C. Port Phillip Stakes, which took the place of the Champion Stakes on New Year's Day. Then ho crossed the utraita, and ran in the Launcpnton Champion Stakes, which -was won by his stable oon panion Fireworks; but on the necond day, tho fcubject of my notice won the Town Plate. Ho did nut appear again in public until the Sydney Cup was run, and with 8 Bt. 12 lbs. upon his back h« won clevprly. On the last day of tho meeting he met Tim' Whiflier in the Quoon'a Plato, aud beat him very easily, but on returning to scale it was found that Stanley waa 2 lbs. bhort of weight, and the stakea were awarded to Tim Whiflier. He then went into winter quarters, but ,in the spring he carried 9 at. 10 lbs., and eaeily won tho Metropolitan 8takes. Ho met Tim WhifHer in the Craven Stakes, and as the distance was only a milo and a quarter, it was thought that Mr. de Mestre's horse would ttretch hit neck, but he had not the ghost of a show with The Demon, aa The Barb had been christened, for he fettled the bay crack in a few strides, and won in a canter by two lengtnB. Ihen on the lnal day of the meeting he won the Eandwick Plate. Mr. Tait brought him over to the V.E.C. Spring Meeting, and nothing facing him for the Royal Park Stakes he walked over. Then he won the Port Phillip Stakes on New Year'« Day. Suoh a reputation had he gained by hia brilliant per formances that when the weights appeared for the next Sydoey Cup he was handicapped at 10 St. 8 lbs., and this, it was thought, would stop him : but Mr. Tait was in no way dis mayed, and declared that ha would -win. The public followed him, and tho horse Btarted favourite at 3 to 1. Holding a good poaition throughout, ho came to the front at the home turn, and won c&Bily.; Ho wound up hia glorious career by winning tho Queon's Plate. Although Tho Barb stood only about 15 hands hepoBeeeeed more wonderful musoular develop ment than any thoroughbred horeo I ever Baw, and I can easily understand Mr. Tait'a asser tion that he was such a wonder he did not know how good he was. Great expectations were formed of him as a sire, but ho turned out a failure, Tocul being the best horse ho ever got. 