THE GALLERY BOY Say, Jack, did ye ever seed such a crush there was at the Royal on Thursday night. Oh, it was a jammer in no mistake, and it was a case of being simply carried along in the stream. And then when you got shot upstairs and into a seat—I 'ad my usual good luck—and the night went on, what a bloomin' 'eat there was. Reglar meltin' mood we was all in. First-rate, Jack. Yes, it's a shinner of a panto- mime. Father says it's admitted to be the most elaborate, most filled in with effects and the most complete pantomime they have had out 'ere. 'E knows. The weaknesses of the pantomime are in the actin' of them there girls as 'ave the principal parts and the want of anything prominently distinctive in the show. The actors though will, of course, work up their parts much and the tarts will no doubt improve when they get more acquainted with their lines, their music and their togs. There's plenty on 'em on the stage, ain't there ? Think of over six hundred people bein' concerned in the production of the piece. That's a nice salary list to pay every Monday. The work that has been devoted to that there production must have been truly great, and the result is, Jack, that it is equal to a Drury Lane pantomime. The crowds, on the stage have been minutely drilled and are manœuvred most adroitly. The weeist Kiddie gettin' through with surprisin' regularity and order. Attention 'as a been given in a big way to the ballets and that statue one is a great go and success. Didn't the boys' give the football display and match a lift up ? Rather ! It's just 'it the taste on 'em beautiful. A great idea is that there steeplechase, and the ponies take the jumps as clean as anythin' could be done. And the whole of that wood scene is effective- ly carried out. The settin' goes right up to the stage to the extreme back of the stage, and it is picturesque and pretty. Ain't Gordon excelled hisself iu the transformation scene ? I think so. Crickie it's about one of the most elaborate, and intricate and artistic pantomime finales I 'ave ever seed ; and father says that too. The final development is really grand and Gordon richly deserved the thunders of applause and commanding call heaped upon him. The costumes are just about as fine and fanciful as they make 'em. They are fascinatin' to the eye, they are novel in design and the colors are appropriately harmonised. The actin' is fairly good all round but, as I 'ave said, the lassies 'll 'ave to step out considerable. Merivale is a little bit weak and the size of the 'ouse is against 'er. There's a touch of dash about Liddiard's Prince, and she will, no doubt, let 'erself go in char- acteristic style later on. The new tart, Cranston, premises favourably, and though a trifle weak in 'er singin' and speakin' voice, infuses lightness and liveli- ness into 'er actin' and dancin'. May Pollard is real nice as the Fairy Queen and the others catch yer eye. That there part of Buttons will be made a great thing of by Walton, and on the first night 'e was remarkably droll. Jimmie Stephenson is just in his element as the little bad sister, and will also be one of the features of the show. Vernon 'as yet to feel 'is way, and I don't guess that either Marnock or Neebe will be shining lights. The music is heavy, but the choruses are steadily and 'eartily sung. There certainly ain't much new in the harlequinade, and Walton will 'ave to work it up greatly if 'e's goin' to make anythink of a 'it with it. That there piece "Dr. Cupid" is a funny sort of thing, and I don't know if it will touch everybody's taste. The idea is of the "Faust" kind, and it is worked out in a fantastic sort of way, and the dialogue is smart and racy. Ain't the comedy put on the stage magnifique ? Rather ! The actin' is really as close and as artistic as anythink ye ever seed, and that is the case with everybody. The dapper, clever covie, Elton, has the fat of the piece, and as Dr. Cupid he reproduces the spirit of the part most fully and ade- quately ; and the old 'un, Harwood, bulks largely as is custom as the old uncle. There's fun in Flemming's infliction in speech, and Sass makes much of the lover chap. You can't be sure that Janet Achurch is to your liking as the young girl as does the mashin', and the others 'aven't anythink much' to do. The costumes are remarkably picturesque, and the scenery very fine. Warner opens at the Princess' soon. 'E finishes up at Auckland ten days hence. Dumpier has struck ile again with "Judge Not." The 'ouse on Boxin' night was literally crowded every where 'ceptin' the dress circle, and that wasn't terribly off. The piece is just of the stamp suited to the tastes of Alexandra frequenters, and you bet it'll 'ave a good run. It is acted with capital spirit and vigor, and the big share of the kudos falls to Lily Dampier, Kate Russell, Dampier, and Boothman. There were calls for Alta, the scenic artist, and Renno, the mechanist, 'cause they'd done their work creditably. Ain't "Fun on the Bristol" a piece to knock 'em ? Poor Miln with 'is 'igh and mighty falutin' and ringin' the changes on Shakespeare's name couldn't draw a cent, in fact, played, to empty benches, and then was a broker. Australian blood is too hot, and the pace is made so ditto that they wont settle down to anythin' like the legit. They will 'ave somethin' that 'as a big dash of spice in it, and you can't make it too warm for some on 'em. Well, there 'ain't nothink that a Wesleyan parson would get shocked ever so little in Johnnie Sheridan's piece and performance at the Opera House. It's a long, loud laugh, from beginnin' to end, exceptin' now and then that the olio business in the saloon scene is a bit slow. I'm a-speakin' from what I thinks, but ye can't suit everybody. Don't Johnnie make a tidy, penny-plain-twopence- colored sort of widow ? 'E's played that there part continuous for ten years, and you may bet that it 'as seen a good deal of changin' and changin'. But 'e don't play it with one pin point of less life than he did when we seed 'im in it first, and father says the same- of what 'e remembers 'im at 'ome. Johnnie 'as a member of 'is company, as never makes any bones about the ghost not walkin'. 'Is dog. 'E never kicks for a rise of screw only for a drink of the milk and soda Johnnie indulges. Jet does 'is barkin' tremendous, and the way 'e goes for the widow's bustle in the rally takes the cake. That is a prime little chippie that Whiteford. Oh crikie, don't she look a daisy and dance dandily in that Sappho ballet biz.? Rather ! And that Salinger girl shows heaps of better form than she 'as done at other times we've seen 'er. The cove James as plays the captain just gets round that part as effectively as anyone could do, but the others in the actin' lot are off. Imano's very much amateurish in singin and actin', and I can't stand the knock about biz. of them niggers, while Marion and Bell get a bit out of their quick change act. There's new music and biz., and scenery, and fur- nishin', and you take my word for't "Fun on the Bristol" will be kept up for some time. Says father to me when 'e 'eard sis. speakin' about me bein' at St. George's. Well, there now's an actor St. Maur as 'as seen a bit of the world, the flesh' and —and—What's 'is name? 'E's gotten the tall and moustached one's 'istory on the stage pretty accurate and when he was a little bit big in 'is way. But that ain't gotten anythink to do with the pro- duction of "Muldoon's Picnic." It's a wild thing at the best, and as such you see it at St. George's. We'd allus seed St. Maur in drawingroom farcical comedy sort of business—the kind of strike you on the back ; how are you old boy razzle dazzle fellow. Muldoon ain't built that way. 'Arry does his level best to make it a go, and if 'is dialect is summit shakey 'e fetches 'em considerable. Luggin' the piece along you 'ave Charlie and 'Arry Cogill and Johnnie Collins and some others as I don't remember, and they pull strong and straight. Afore the farce they 'ave some singin' and dancin' and other tunes. A rattlin' good bill is in vogue at the Vic. this week, and it 'as been attractin' and amusin' 'oliday-makers real well. The festival at the Exhibition is 'avin' some of the sugar goin' ; Snazelle gets very fair patronage ; the Santley concerts are popular ; the Cyclorama continues in favor, and the Museum and Inana have many visitors. Compliments of the 'season t' ye, Jack. So long. Sarah Bernhardt is thinking of playing Cleopatra in Paris, and has been negotiating with a well known author for a special translation into French of Shake- speare's play. 