" Tlic lilfe ami Timet of Shake Bpeurc." Ok Monday last Sir Arthur Hodgson, K.C.M.G., dollvorod a lootaro ontitlou tho "Lifo and Timos of Shakospoaro" in tho School of Arts. Tho loaturo was given In aid of tho funds of tho institution, and consider ing tho inolomonoy of tho woathor a fairly lareo and vorv annrooiativo audienoo was Brcsont. His Wornhip tho Mayor (Mr. E. oland) occupied tho ohair, aud thoro wcro tircsont on tlio platform, iu addition to tho ooturor, Mossrs. J. Camnboll, M.L.A., Cory, Trovothau, and Jos. Stirling. Tho Chairman, in Introdaoing Sir Arthur Hodgson to tho audionoo. stated that ho had boon callod npon to prosido that ovoningin tho absonco of tho Hon. Jainos Taylor, who wns nnablo to bo present owing to indisposi tion, and from whom ho had reooivod a lottor apologising for his absonco. Mr. Boland thon wont on to say that ho was suro Sir Arthur Hodgson would rooelvo a warm wolcomo from tho to asBomblod within tho walls of tho School of Arts whon thoy romomborod that tho ground on whioh it was built was proson- ted to tho oitizons of tho town by Sir Arthur, (Applause). Sir Arthur Uodgsou, who on rising to do- livor his looturo was grootod heartily, said it was so oasy matter to travorso so beaten a track an that of a lccturo on Shakospoaro. It was difficult to say anything new an tho Bub- out. yot his local knowlodgo of tho soono of Jhakospoaro's blrth-plaoo and doath, his thorough aoquaintatioo with Stratford-on- Avon, of whloh ho had boon Mayor for fivo years, would, bo trusted, onablo him to doal with tho matter iu a mannor that would be pleasing to thom. Shakospoaro's fathor. who mmnolf was born at Snitterfiold, wonttollvo at Honloy-stroot, Stratford, in 1559, taking part in municipal affairs and acting as bailiff or mayor of tho borough in 1558. In thoso days tho municipality waB difforontly constituted from tho position it hold in our own days, tho corporation in tho sixteenth contnry consist ing of a bailiff, thirtoon alderman, and four- toon burgoBBOs. Iu tho timo.bonorod houso in StratforaottAvon, whioh is now a literary Moccatoso many pilgrims, William Shakos poaro wan born on tho 23rd of April— St. George's Day— 15G1. According to tho usago in thoso day# ho was baptisod throo days aftorwardB, aud tho rogintry of his baptism is to bo soon among tho arcluvos of tho parish. Up to tlio ago of fifteen ho rocoivod his educa tion nt tlio Grammar Sohool of tho town, bat at that point tho narrow ciroumstancos of his parents coronollod thom to romovo him, though it is statod that ho mado good aso of his timo wbon at suhool. At tho oarly ago of 18 ho ' married Anno Hathaway, his senior by six years, who was a native or Bhottory, a villago distant n milo from Stratford, Tho locturor then roforrod to tho opisodo of door-stealing in Gimrlocotu Park, whon tradition states thai tho poet incurred tho enmity of tho proprietor of tho estate, Sir Thomas Luoy. Sir Arthur oonsidorod that tho story of tho youthful Shakospoaro, composing a ballad oonoorning Lucy, and. nailing it on tlio park gato of Charlocoto thereby arousing tho anger of tho proprietor, who causod him to floo to London ih a fabrication. Thoro was no rooord of his conviction for door-stealing, and it was pro- bablo that if ho did stalk a stray stag it was in Fnlbroko Park, whioh was dosortod, its proprietor boing attainted and in oxilo. If ho did steal tho dcor, howovor, nnd bis aotion lod to him Rooking London at an early dnto, so much tho bottor for tho civilised world. Wo aro told how tho immortal bard, with a strong inclination for noting, aud his irroprosniblo gonitis mado hia way to tVo capital, but muoh of his lifo nt this period is a blank, and wo know nothing of us oxistonco botween 1579 and 158G. Ho tho lotAuror thought, duriug thoBo yearB engaged n an attorney's ofllco in lisnativo town. Aftor roaohing London wo aro tolu that ho win in poor cironmstaaao Vweu, bolug oompotiod to cam his livelihood by hold- ing gentlemen's horses. Jlo- waa not, how ovor, altogether friendless, Tor In 1593 we find that a pobUshor namod Flold, a nativo of Stratford, and thon in Lqttdon published his first poom, and about this timo wo find him playing in tho theatros,- Absolutely nothing is known of his lifo from his own writings. Ho kept no journal, whilo not a lottor of his is oxtant, nnd so it camo that loss wns known of Shakospoaro than of any othor of our great literary men. No communications to iutimato friends, not ovon to' Ron Johnson, woro in oxintouco, and tho jfnly scrap of handwriting that posterity poaimoa Ib tho signaturo to his will preserved in Doctor Commons. Wo find his namo montionod ns rising young actor, travelling with1 W theatrical company m 15U3, and porforminiyra a oountry town, and again it stated that io acted tho part of tho ghost in his own plav'of Hamlet. Shakospoaro in all wrote 35 phyi, tho first boing tho Cornody of Errors written in 1501. Hamlet npponrod in 1597, and tho last that catno from his pen Othollo, in 1014. In all thcro woro 105,972 linos In Ma plays, Hamtot taking tho load v> ith 40G0. /It is stated that Slinkospoaro by his writings mado £1000 a yoar, but this is to bo doubted as that sum would bo oqnnl to £,'000 in ortr ilny, tho cost of living boing vory dif foront in tho sixteenth contnry. Somo idoa of of tho ohnrgos thon oxisting may bo gloanod from tho counts in Stratford from 1500 to 1G0O when tho following items woro to bo found i— fiOOnollotslGa. 7d., 147gooso24s.5d., 0 oaiipns 2s. 3d., 2 calvoa 5s.. 5 gallons of milk 5\. In lo'J7 Shakospoaro purchased a houso in Stratford uomed Now Plaoo, ond thonoe forward suppliod tho stago with plays ovory -years. Tho leaturor thon doalt with tho Eenius of tho immortal poot whoso writings ovorrtfd woro almost inspired. "Ho pointed outvhow manysidod hia intellect was; how soma critics had assorted ho must havo boon a lawyer by profession and othors a horso dealot : ho dfsplayod wondorfal knowlodgo as was ovinood by his plays, Lord Natam avowing that his thorough aoquaintanoo of English history wan dorivod from Shako spoaro's historical plays. Again his know- ledgo of botany was no loss romarkablo and thoy all know tho linos of tho distraught Ophelia in Hamlot so good on oxamplo of this : — Thoro's rosorasry that's for romombranco, Pray you lovo, romombor. And thoro s panBlos that's for thought, Thoro'a fonnol for you and cotumbino, Thoro's ruo for you, hero's somo for mo, You may woar ycu ruo with a difforonoe, Thoro b a daisy. 1 would givn yon nomo violots, bntthoy withored whon my fathor Foloniua diod. Flowora aro (ntorwovon in his plays with human lifo. If thoy tumod to Roinoo and Jiuiot thoy found thoro an inventory of tho apothocary's shop, whilo his description of horsos showed a thorough knowlsdiro of that noblo animal ; most noteworthy of sh was tho mannor in whioh ho doalt with roligion. At a time whon party fooling aud soatnrian strifo ptovailod ho skotohod his oharaotora in suoh a way tliat it has boon said that no ono can glean from his plays, whothor Shakospoaro wns a Catholic or a Protestant. It was pro- bablo that ho had at ono timo of his lifo visited Italy, for othorwiso it waa hard to itnugino how ho oould havo givon tho looat colouring to many of his plays, whoso soono is laid iu that country. This doduotion was bomo out by tho fnot that a portrait of ShakoApoaro very good, and now at Stratford had boon die- oovorod at Vonioo. A strango faot in con nection with Shakospoaro anu Italy wan tho faot that in Slona thoro was a inosalo of tiio Sovon Agos, of a dato 1000 yoars posterior to Shakospoaro. Tho mosaio was in ail rospoats similar to tho sovon agos of man in "As You Llko It," only tho soldior and tho judgo woro omitted. At this point Sir Arthur gavo a vary good rondoring of "All tho World's a Stago," tho reaitation ovokiug hearty applauBO. Rosnming his looturo Hir Arthur drow at tention to tho romarkablo nrcdiotioh of Puok whon ho said ho wanm put a bolt round tho world in forty minutes. That prophosy tha tolograph bad accomplished. Tho locturor then doalt with somo of Sluikos- ficaro'n historical oharaotora alluding partiou- arly to Wolsoy whoso dying chargo to Cromwoll he rondorod offootfvoly, nnd thoro- aftor somo intorosting foots regarding tho famous birt&plaoo; of tho poot wsro givon, and wo woro told how it was bought for £3000 by fiublio subscription in 1817 to savo it from ailing iato tho hands of tho groat Amorioan fihowinan Rarnum. As an oxamplo of tho interest takon in tho poot's bJrthplaoo now, oomparod to tlmt ovinood formoriy tho lootnror stated that in 1852 tho visitors numbered littlo ovor 2000 annually, whilo in 1887 thoy had in creased to 15,000. representing 39 difforont nationalities. Allusion was thon mado to tho ShakoHpcaro-Uacon controversy and tho olairns of Lord Bacon as a writer of Shakospoaro's plays or somo of thom, was sovoroly oritlolBod, and tho asBortioua of Ignatius Donnelly hold ns worthy of uo orodoaoo. In tho opinion of tho looturor, tho morat oxooIIoqoo of Shakospoaro tho magnlfioout tribute ho pays towomoninhis plays was sufficient disproof' of tho basoloss assertion that tho immortal bard was assisted by that " wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind." Raoon's misconduct and Shakospoaro's stainloss namo whon oom parod forbado tho possibility of tlio foriuor originating tho magnifioont morality breathed throughout Shakospoaro's plays. Tho looturor than gavo on intorosting skotoh of on un fortunate and Ulfatod oxourslon to Bidford, whon on thoir rotnrn Shakospoaro and his frionds boing ovaroomo with too muoh strong alo took eholtor undor a arab troo whoro thoy foil aslcop. That oxourslon oost tlio poot his lifo for a cold followed by a fovor onsuod in whioh ho suoonmbod, dying on hiB birthday the 23rd April 1G1G. Tho looturor oonoludod with an oloquont peroration Iu praiso of him who wroto "for all timo" and rosumod his soat amidst applanso.' Mr. Stirling proposod a vote of thanks to 81r Arthur Hodgson and this boing sooondod by Mr. Jamas Campboll, M.L.A., was carriod by acclamation. Thereafter tho audionoo at tno roquost of tho looturor sooondod by Mr. Joano accordod a voto of thank# to tho Mayor for presiding, and tho proceedings thou terminated. 