?'iSO^WTtON TO THE "MYSTERY IN BERKELEY-SQUARE." <jS ^iIt0m«nyanofchennyth,thafc which haunted the house m Berkeley Square has ttqw m& destroyed. We reprinted the tejg'oh'd as one worth preserving, and MsAto see if it fur Thp\1^1iC- -\ri?;'T,t tl,t'0W an>' l;ght on it. sil l" -1® lilUE t0° much light has slain it. °fy rhhss0m in th0 d^k CtoeUs Saturday J0urmr'in its issue of giwth-^^81''08 the folloTg account of its Inourissue of 24th November we printed an Sn°u^ " ° . u"Th° Myst^y in Berkeley bquaxe which we were led to bolievc-as stated by our contributor-was a true story ?n ,ni,G n 11 certain (unnamed) house n that locality. We have since received, however, from a source of Unimpeachable authority a statement as fcrt th'6 real facts re g.u ding the house, from that account wc .. learn that our correspondent, who had, with1 g eat- ability traced the .popular legends on the subject to what he believed to be their source, had, like too many 'of those who in v'fs, fate ?.or'es 6i t!'is description,been com pletely misled. "The Mystery in Berkeley Square has occupied the popular mind in ,T°U ,for se,veral years past, and a? various legends have been woven around it,the mvth has gradually assumed the consistency of a veracious recital of Undoubtful facts. Every hrtn^U Mai,-!eaj- romember the "haunted hduite-, with its dmgy front and its dust begrimed windows, standing gaunt and silent Hie wcstera side of the square; and pos sibly those witnesses who bore testimony to various supernatural incidents in connection with thebuildmg thought that this memory ot its outward appearance was sufficient foundation for the superstructure of legend which they built upon it to justify tltam fact an"^ t'10'r ta^os wore founded on Be this asit may, we are now in a position to set all doubt upon the subject at rest, and to satisfy the public that the mysterious house ui Berkeley Square, whichso long remained an object of curiosity and wonderjto the passer by, wasneyer haunted, was never the scene of any remarkable spiritualphenom ena. n ever wit newed any ghastly tragedy,, and was, despite its outward aspect, as comfortable and com modious, and at the same time as common place, a dwelling as any other in that fashionable locality. Here, then, is the authority:-6 ^ °n th° Ver>" hiShest; A certain Mr. Myers-a cousin of a well Known peer-left the house in question at his death to 1ns elderly sister, a very curious condition being attached to the bequest namely, that the mansion should be neither sold nor let; but the testator expressed a , sire that his sister should quit her own house in Tilney Street, and inhabit the one in Berkeley Square. The lady, however,having been born in Tilney Street, and being attached to her old home, declined to avail herself of the mansion in the square; so the condition expressed in the will of the eccen tric testator was acted upon. The house was neither sold nor let; and in this empty con dition it remained until the expiration of the lease, some five years since. It is not surprising that under the circum stances various rumours got afloat concerning the house in Berkeley Square-stories which? we are told, greatly annoyed Miss Myers. , ,hy s'l.0UW a mansion in the most fashion able district be untenanted? Whv should such a valuable property remain unlet? No one outside the family knew, and as no one could give a reason, Rumour, with her hun dred tongues, soon became busy with the re putation of ISo. 50! Ghosts were reported as haunting it; coiners were said to inhabit its upper rooms; but as a matter of fact no ghost ever has made its appearance in the house at all; no mysterious sounds have ever been heard; and nothing to cause any alarm has ever been seen. Still, "it was very natural, as our informant remarks, "that a house being empty for so many years should Have given nso to so many stories"-thoueh we ourselves never heard but one; that which our contributor vouched for. The house, moreover, was not absolutely untenanted. A most respectable woman,the relict of Mr. Myers, coachman,lived with her niece m the house, and Miss Myers herself the owner frequently visited it to assure her self that all was well. True, the windows were never cleaned, and this fact probably increased the fiction, but the pictures were on the wans whon the lease expired, and the house, when handed over to its present owner, was m a good itnte of repair. How ever, notwithstanding the uncleaned windows, there was no want of applications from would-be tenants. If Miss Myers had chosen to evade the conditions under which the house had been bequeathed to her, she have let it again and again, but, of course, the lady Was precluded from doing so, and then the strange story of tho Ghost and the Guardsman, which had a most wonderful popularity for years, was conceived, and gamed currency and credulence. But this picturesque fiction is now, by the action of correspondent,completely exploded and we are glad to have received the true' solution of the matter. It seems that there is no haunted room in the house, and everv room was always maintained by the coal man's widow and her niece in a state of "tidi ness and neatness." But, not unnaturally, tne exterior appearance of the house stimu lated public curiousity. "We are informed that numerous applications wore made to the owners concerning the "uncanny"-tho sup posed "uncanny" -nature of the mansion, ana the replies to those applications always satisfied tho writers that there really was no mystery at all! It further appears, as we have said, that the lease of the place expired five years since, when it was purchased by the pre sent owner; and we are informed that Miss Myers died last autumn. _ The foregoing statement, then, is the solu tion of " The Mystory in Berkeley Square." ihe eccentric conditions of the will cause a fashionable mansion to be closed; the dusty, and grimy windows give rise to rumours, and the continued emptiness suggests a cause ghosts! On this basis some ingenious person constructs a dramatic tale, which is vouched r t k'us.fcworfchy people, and written as tact. This is tho history of the so-called mys tery, which now sets at rest for ever " The Mystery in Berkeley Square.' SHOES THE NEOIAB BRAKD CiGARs-They arc, made of the finest leaf grown. Each cigar is branded with the name in full,-[ADVT 