Hirnp, the socialist, is an enormously ethil niau- ' Hu l ' oe3 not smoke, and is a total ^ TRM- XOISMAN. addition to liis salary as • raorof Queensland, draws from the Imperial JJajutr an army allowance of £9 17a. (id. pec 'tair. BENJAMIN, ICC H., at a meeting the I. lisy. ]'" SI! as au ' authority on "trade 1 1 " lioiv shocking ! What is the ai-istoeracy sing to' |TI \V. LAI'DKU obtained a prize at the Talbot x.>Show lately for an exhibit of framed needlejn memorv of the late A. L. Gordon." •^5,1 ut a trifle subsequent, isn't it ? Jn rail"'*!' f 10111 Melbourne to Warrnambool aifinishcil last Friday, and the last spike was Auintoit by tlio Mayorof Warrnambool. llie JiFssof gold. Where is that spike now ? Treasurer of New South Wales, umemlier of the firm of William M'Ai'thur and tlbe owner of vast areas of land in Samoa, leto ownership is now a subject of litigation •fiji Id Rev, J. Fordyce lectured lately on ism in Humble Life." The mau who walks all night with the baby and goes out first of daylight and chops wood came in for a culogisni. •fums,"says the Standard, "are being worn yIndies iu honour of Governor and Lidy who are Scotch," Let us hope the dear I not permit their enthusiasm to carry to the kilt. ft VotiL miJ at the inquest on the body of the -jogglcr who hanged himself last week that te had gone out and got more liquor the • are Ire would have been now alive." : Always go out and get more liquor. teON'i the Ashfield parachutist, received implications for permission to accompany H'his last ascent to the clouds. Among the -ts Mere two members of Parliament, one , one doctor, three reporters, and ouc aiwi'Y has been trying to steal Emerson's jiscoriliug to the cable. Might this not have lbs resurrection in America ? One is a pretty ijc, ive know, but Gabriel will never • liora iu the States for fear of the officemost prominent of the public men in and arm all Freemasons. The Hon. John & stands on the 33rd degree, Sir Samuel sioothe HOtli. Sir Thomas M'llwraith is i luhy, but that is because he was not • until after his Premiership. DASIEI. O'CONNOR, Postmaster-General, 'Herrima (Jaol the other day. A epeech- 2fit camc on, and Mr. O Connor faced the TAD were exercising in the gaol-yard. Ho "Gentlemen—" when a roar of derisive aerreminded him that he was not addressing klion cuminilt.ee, i»»stpunctilious town council iu, perhaps, ible of Australia is the town council of a,}i.$.\Y. A member of it was condemned lit his seat lately for non-attendance. His Milt a letter to the council explaining that ® dead, but this excuso was regarded as s««Dd the sentence allowed to stand, ta by loving eaeb other," said the oiTiciat- Sftman to the noble couple when the Duke \--ad was married not long since. Common "Bully begiu by loving each other, more More marriage. Dukes are different Hut then they don't throw their y leaved coronets at the heads of their before tin.-honeymoon is over—perhaps. !* CHRISTIE MURRAY in one of the Age \- referring to the " Vagabond :—" The Cammander of the Pen." The " Vagabond " •Wot column referring to David ChriBtie | : ""'l'hat great novelist." Scratch me, .tkee. What a lot of eminent authors we i if we could take each other's words ittempt made to draw Lord Carrington into . ease was not a success. It is quite "'Carrington and Landells were for a time ®in India, and that on one occasion Landells Stance to the Governor ; but Carringi on constitutional law are of too rigid a 1 1 touched by personal considerations. The fere firmly resisted. — who claw most fiercely for the ,'"femiership in the Protectionist interest Ht. high. Dibbs is Oft. 5in., Lyne ,«« Abbott Oft. 4in. Dibbs and Abbott J®, and Lyne hails from Hobirt side. " we best speaker, Dibbs is the best- Lyne is the cauniest. Abbott is 'Oil says that he is; Dibbs is not, and kok'' w '" uot Bay whether he is or 8 as if he were. fen. sroRD says that the assent of fing- . —.,.1 claim for a voice in the appoint- Werners is as far off as the New *hois to take his seat on the broken «ttch the ruins of St. Paul's. That ."Passion Was really stolen by Lord 1? of a P"«"i by Mrs. Uarbauld. Only of it by Macaulay it is likely that, 5 'ra. Barbauld'a writings, it would ward of. And Lord Knutsford, who ' the expression green, is himself a "•ove of Macaulay, ] oor Mr. 1'itzgibbon's geography is very much off. Be says thatu thing which comes from France is not foreign. What is foreign, Fitz » ONE of the journalists attacked by a policeman in Sydney the other night was Mr. C H. Utting, for a brief but brilliant period connected with the Standartl of this city, in which he published a gruesome tale entitled "The Avenging Scar." He is a walking advertisement of his own story now. The policeman had probably read it and " saved it up" for the author. Fame is hardly worth having, we should fancy, when it comes in the shape of a bruised eyebrow. POLICE-SERGEANT Brown of Brunswick nearly chopped his head off the other day while splitting wood for the family fire. Here arc a few lines for him to paste in his album — Was't in desperate encounter with A burglar of renown That this scar upon the forehead came Of gallant Sergeant Brown ? No, alas I 'fwas gained—though sad it is To tell the humble " facts"— Chopping low and common firewood with A low and common axe. WHAT dry, rollicking, ghoulish humorists these councillors be, Whilst discussing cremation a little time ago, the City Fathers (or grandfathers) were advised by Cr. Uowen to advocate the borina of holes into the cemetery, in which the dead bodies might be stood top end up with care, so that they might not be confused at the resurrection. The idea is not a bad one, but if Mr, liowen means to point each man towards his final destination, there are councillors whom perhaps it would bo advisable to bury head downwards, and provide with a goad hand-drill. Siu PATHICK JENNINUS will start for Dunedin shortly. He has still an immense appetite for exhibitions, and this form of enjoyment appears to be almost the sole distraction he now cultivates. Since his wife's death he has been gropy and uiopy to a degree, and as he has wholly lost footing in the political world the outlook is not cheering. Some hold that there is still room for him in politics, if he would shake himself and step out boldly ; but he will neither shake nor step, and thus the man who was Premier a few years ago is as uninfluential in Parliamentary circles as if he were out of the world. Sir Patrick's has been a varied career, and, as far as worldly goods are concerned, a highly successful one. His stock-intrade at start was a first- class education and a genial humour, and lie can now lean heavily on his bank without fear of a collapse. MB. THOMAS SLATTERY, M.L.A., has found an idol. That idol is Lord Carrington. Tom is an .attorney, and an Irishman, and one night, when elected to be Chairman of Committees iu the Legislative Assembly, he so behaved that the phrase, " Tom is doing splendidly," ia current till the present time. Tom's splendid performance consisted in ordering the Sergcant- at-Arms to chuck out every man who rose to speak on a certain question. When nine or ten were chucked out in as many minutes, the House adjourned iu a peal of laughter. Well, Mr. Slattery says that if ever Australia becomes a republic he will leave it; whereas, if it becomes a kingdom he will leud all his aid to placiug Carrington as head of a limited monarchy. He contends that if Australia were polled to-morrow, every part of it, as well as New South Wales, would cry, " Vim U roi Carrington I" POETRY, by " Teleinachus," in the solemn columns of the Argus :— " Foolish Deutsche, why such hurry? Albury lies on the Murray. Yarra won thy Kaiser's prize, Goulburn juice with Neckar vies. Wurzburg, cease thy impious boast Of the " blessed wine of the Boly Ghost " Austral spirit, purely drawn, Bleeseth all it breathes upon." Poetry, by us, below :— Grave " Telemacbus," why worry Making hurry rhyme with Murray ? Say, witb all your jingles fine, Did you ever drink this wine ? If you did—we will observe— You must have a proper nerve. We have tried it—ah, and wc Found in it no poetry, Only imps that sang insane Dithyrambics on our hrain, Auy one who finds a need To commit some fiendish deed, Kill his wife, or rob a grave, And should find his courage cave, Let him drink this wine—one cup— Straightway it will brace him up. Austral spirit, purely drawn, Slaughters all it breathes upon I EN Pastor Ji fferis vacateB the Congregational Church in Sydney, an effort is to he made to secure a preacher who believes in a real hell, TUK Archduke John of Austria wants to retire from his high estate, and be an humble plebeian person of no particular account, and wear an ordinary, two-jointed cognomen like John Smith, or Paddy liyau, or some such, and not have to go bowling round on a dangerous charger, in highpriced clothes stuccoed over with gilt and costly medals won in battle duriug his absence. We hope the Archduke will come out here and start a laundry ; the proprietor of our present washhouso is only an ex-policeman, and we don't think him good enough. ARonnisHor CARR seems to have quickly found out for himoelf the one thing above all others necessary — the crowning grace—to make even a prelate popular in this country. We judge by the following stanza from a victorious poem published in one of the Ballarat papers under the heading of " The Hurling Tournament:— " When on the course Archbishop Carr Throw up the ball quite(jailv, Tbe boys hurrahed Irom near and lar With hurleys—not shillelaghs." If other ecclesiastical dignitaries were to follow the example of Archbishop Carr, tne vicious element might be elucidated from sport and football, cricket and sculling might become as edifying as cake fairs and church rallies. Ah, and if some bold bishop were, instead of firing paper pellets, in the shape of pulpit denunciations, at this wild bull called sport, to take it by the Ring and lead it he might make It profitable to religion. It only wants a prelate with courage to come out on the course wearing a white hat with curly brim, a light suit cut clerical fashion, kneehreeches and pink silk stockings, with a field glaBS and a bag slung over his shoulders, and make a book for the benefit of the beuigbted Hoithen, to completely change the morale of racing, and make it an amusement fit for the most straitlaced and saintly. This is tho'way whereby to take good out of evil, and there is no other, T UB story of Richard Hoggard as told by himself in the City Court the other day is a recital full of melancholy wails and tears, and tempestuous bitterness, and is calculated to harrow up the susceptibilities of a stufled horse, or an attorney, or any other object characterised by implacability under ordinary circumstance. Richard is a young man from home, and, like most young men from home, when he fell into the hands of the police he was wearing a lot of holes to his clothes, and his hair had run to seed, and he was standing by the turgid Yarra, contemplating Buicide with a large, red pensive eye, and wondering what his ma would think if she could only see him uow. A fat constable with a protuberant chest, a double east in his eye, and no poetry, obtruded on Richard's pensive meditations just as he was on the point of submerging his thirsty love-lorn personality in the deep, dark river which is greasy and slimy in most places, and smells like a tallow warehouse stirred up by a stroke of lightning, and is a blight on all 6entiment. 11\. Hoggard was gently but firmly led off the scene by the slack of hiB ear, and laid away in a cell to re-consider his Determination and brood on moral philosophy and other mundane aggravations which men suffer from when fortune has boosted them in the rear with a dull thud. Richard subsequently mounted the City Court rostrum, looking bleached and ghastly, and in a despondent snuflle he to!d bis great despair. Prior to leaving that particular part of creation where the Uritish lion hangB out and is regarded as a dangerous object to pull mugs at, Rijhard fell iu love, and a lot of intemperate affections, and yearnings and things agitated his bosom, and made him look cross-eyed and sorrowful towards a fair daughter of the land whose name was Mary, and who had golden hair and a lot of other bardic attributes, and when he got settled here he wired back for the object of his tumultuous feelings to get afloat as soon as possible, and join him in his sunny, southern home. A lady got afloat as per order, and Richard received her at the wharf, and led her away in full confidence, and they had a cheerful, little, half-crown marriage amongst themselves, and passed a rapturous honeymoon in Bweet communion ; but the time camc when Dick awoke to the conclusion that mistakes had occurred ; he had united himself in holy, half-crown bonds to the wrong female ; his wife was not the yellow- haired lady who had secured a lease on his young affections in England, and Richard threw up his hands with a wild cry, and went away to the rushing river to terminate the agreement — he is now at Kew receiving medical assistance and the consolations of hominy. 