BEADINGS BETWEEN THE LINES. [Br SALANIO.] FREE ExcnOaN? .--We have~lately heard that accomplished lady, whom we kvow as Miss Jordan, declare that name makes no difference in the sweetness of the rose, that the object of a lady's affection may bear a hateful name, and yet be none the less preoious; Ibut, love was ever full ofpara doxes, and given to hyperbole. The history of our race sadly teaches us that there- is everything in a dame, that a division in opinion expressed inocently enough at first by the adoption of rival emblems, may re sult in all the horrors of a civil war, such as that' of the red and white roses. The rival war, cries, Guelph and Ghibelline, Catholio and Huguenot, Whig and Tory, Creecent and Cross, have written; their histories in blood, and manya battle has boon; fought under different ensigns bfter the reason for difference hadlong been for-, gotten. Factions fight for a name, for the mere ghost of a name, when the idea that gave it existence has been long dead. It is the same with all popular cries, with, all differences of name and form in govern ment. .It is said that half the people of. the - United :S.tates ;would like to have a tussle with 'their mother state.' I'think very much because the daughter is re publican, the mother nionarchic, that the republican" fills' himself with the idea that the kingdom or empire is inclindd to snub the proud humility of the 'undecorated're publhc, and some day or other will have a brush with the. " Britishera,"spitoeof the hindrance :this would ,be ot torade, spiif of the blood and treasure that would be wasted upon a sentiment. Now Philosophy in her quiet unpretending way is- always at work, striving to make the ,people uaderstanu wherein thenr true interests lip, a-d to mitigate ' tlie 'rancour tltt" party ftbiliig engenders, and in this amiable task she has not so much to discuss antagonistic princi plps asTo iedipiiue tile wounds that eithbi perty sleinflicted poh theother. Tliisisthe caks with the.?tyofoprotebtibn; bone ralege themselves o'nthis side an'd on tliatbecause itia a proper thing you know to take a sine,?bocause It is ' do?mforting.'to. our common nature to feel that we belong to a sido., In this, country no one will : deny that it was 'the agricultural interest that firse raisd,tho gry, 9r racherpas.urged: to make the cry, for the purpbse of creating a earty, ofecopeing the leader, of a .party, and of rdaping ,11 the famd;'hinoirs. et.i thit such leadership , onfers!. 'lhe Pafi. cultural interete may.' at e tie have bees somewhat depressed but it is not so ndw,- there are'nibre fortunes made in the cohntry than in the tgwn, hardly any capital is resulred, the banks are nocomo dative and' the merelidtis, if 'iddbratoly' secured, are obliging. Any man who has bis hinad..ocrcwed on the. right ;way' can muko more than a living at farming, pro. vided he knowe a little about the business. Fanrmss do .not now need protection the labourer wants the last penny that was added to the price of a loaf taken off moro than the rich farmer; whote sons and dagglitern go to college, need it. New South Wales alone could keep our farmers going for fodder, potatoes, turnips, and all sorts of produce ; but the cry of protection has been raised and must be continued, or where would be the occupations of the criers P Philosophers know well how the people are cajoled by those whose business it is to make ,butning iliest?ions and war cries, aild now and' then Truth rings up the curtain before the scene is quite ready for public view. The mouthpieces pile instance upon instance of conversion and profit, call their principles the real panacea that is to make every state healthy in trade and purso. Adam Smith by them is written down an assI if the knight returns de feated from the arena, they claim a glo rious victory. Hsrrah for pirtection, up with calps, doivn with flce-uraders, and so on and heke come in a remarkable feature of the case. The people who applaud the defeated knight know all the while that he is defeated, but put their tongues' in .their cheek and say - " We' must applaud our own side, you know..p tter luck next time. Hurrah for Robinson and homoe-fed mttton." Now our poorer ',hlilden aie not pertichlar about where the sheep were fed, provided mutton can be liought at a price that will bring it wjthin the ability of the narrow means, of-their parents to purchase. It does seem a pity that a party should have the power of limiting the food of the grow ing children, who so much need a liberal diet that they may grow strong fnd capable. Plenteousness of food is better than crowded hospitals and infantine mortality, and cheeper, too. I was going to say heap' duties upon duties for thesake of revenue or protection,. but don't stint tho'rlsing generatfor by forbidding) thti ent-y of cheap food' Thlis is neither statemanlike nor profitable; suchl a policy is both short. sighted, tyrannical, and consequently cruel. I was going to say pile duties upon duties, but of course this would not do either I It would "shut' out' raw material for manu facture and necessaries for use. What we' want is to "export out of our abundance' merchandise, the sale of which will enable us to .pay foe the necessities and luxuries we import from abroad. And this leads us to the'd idea I; wishto enlarge upon-the idea of exchange-free exchange. This expression seems to me to be ia happy one, and to express most intelligibly the real principle upon which foreign trade should be conducted. Free exchange means mutual advantage, but itdoes not mean prohibitory tariffs. We do things differently at the anti podes; "each Australasian Parliament arranges its tariff as it pleases, :without. regard to the wishes or interests 'of .its next door neighbours, but rather in an envionis spirit, whose selfishness o'erleaps itself and comes to grief. Instead of being guided by the sympathies that should boa bond of union between states, Tasmania at least adopts the immoral principle of retaliation, that has been condemned by all great moralists, and is only fit for savages and heathen. An eye for an eye and a tooth for a' tooth, is with many of our legislators a principle both'justifiableand patriotic. One of our legislators is reported in his place in Par liament to have said that "Protection would become the question of the day, and so long as Victoria was protectionist Tas mania should follow her example ; and so long as she put a prohibitive duty upon Tasmanian products, Tasmania should meet her upon her own grounds." The Chief Secretary of Victoria, a professed protectionist, spoke lately in a. different spirit when, in the adjustment of his'tariff, he expressed some regard for the interest of Victoria's near neighbour, Tas mania. The' way to state the position is this:--Tasmania smiles on New South Wales for keeping her ports open, and is at enmity with Victoria for adopting the very polioy that a large party is fighting for in Pasmania. I think that this encouraged antagonism stands in the way of fair-trade, free-trade, and free exchange of com modities. I think it is of more importance that Tasmania should maintain kind rela tions with Victoria than any other state or. country. She is the nearest to us; nine tenths of, our visitors are Vctorian, and the money they expend during the season, and more or less throughout the year, is ivery, 'very acceptable, both to Hobart that gets the greater, .and to, Launceston, that gets the smaller share. Besides, at least three-quarters of the merchandise we import comes to us, through Victorian' agencies. There 'is also thin more to be said. Should Victoria be removed'to'a'distance from Tasmania, every trade and most interests in Tas mania would languish, and on the contrary Victoria wodld hardly feel the shock should a severance occur. Under these circum 'Stances why .not. take' for our motto "Fair exchange or free exchange in rela tion to Victoria ;" and in this way partici pate more than we now do in her pros perity ? Everything that interferes wtith a free exchange .of merchandise between nations is inimical to commerce, and the mar'vellohs grdwth' of commerce ' during the present century has been made pos sible by ' the mutual 'concessions of the nations' 'by the wider permission granted by commercial treaties. The whole world has been enriched by the operations of commerce, and many national differences .anicably settled out of respect to ,international exchange, and maybe a destructivoewar thereby avoided. Protec tion is spoken of as beneficial to the revenue, and much rejoicing is made. over, the iNew 'Zealanid surplus 'which is 'at tributed to protection. There can be no doubt of this ; but the increased duties have contributed to the surplus only so far it prbtection has failed to protect. In spite of protection, . freign manufacturers have 'still foundk market. Native industry has been disappointed of 'its promisod millennium, and everyone'hlias hald to con tribute a larger amnount to the' treasury. 