, WAS IT A GHOST? . "Oh, don't let us talk of ghosts any more/' said our hostess. "I have no patience with them. Idiotic beings ! Wandering about at Unseasonable hoars, frightening inoffensive people out of their wits. I, never yet heard; of a ghost who was of use to anyone, or who had any good reason to show: for its appearance." Everyone laughed except one person, and she, like Viola in "Twelfth Night/' said: "Ail but I know " and then, like , Viola, paused. No one heard her except ' myself. Mrs. Lester's remark seemed suddenly to have put to fight the "eerie" mood which a succession of ghosts stories had encouraged in us. The circle round the teartable broke up, and one after another sauntered from the drawing-room, till at last there retrained only myself, and another. The lights had not yet been brought in, and I could only see her face by the glow of the fire. " Now, Mrs. Mantell," I said, carrying a chair up to take my place beside her, " tell me what you know;" "About what?" " About ghosts." " Oh," said Mrs. Mantell, remembering her words, and recognising my meaning with a slight start and a blush. " I don't know that it would interest you." " It would interest me intensely." " And besides," she continued, " I am cot Bare that it waB a ghost." "Never mind; let me judge for myself." For, indeed, I was lens concerned about the ghost than about Mrs. Mantell herself. Most old maids have their hobbies; mine is an affection for romances—romances in real- life, I mean.- I love them, and I look for them as other people do for bric-a- brac, antique coins or foreign postage stamps, . and in the course of the last 20 years I have amassed a very pretty collection. Already, I divined one in the presence of Mr3. Mantell, not merely from the mingled sweetness and sensitiveness of her eXpres- • sion, but from a few words which, on the ' day of her arrival, had fallen from our hostess. Mr. Mantell is our friend," Mrs. Lester had explained. " I have not yet seen' her. Sh6 was his mother's governess or com 1 ' panion, I forgot which, she had rather a romantic story. She was brought up in a most extravagant style, and then her father ' died bankrupt, and left her without a pennv.' "Do begin, Mrs. Mantell," I pleaded. "The dressing-bell will ring in * few minutes." She yielded! aB I hoped she would; as most human beings do to my flattering, eager interest in them and their experiences. "I must begin a long way back; three years before the ghost appears. We were then living in Downshire, and we were going to Leachester races. We generally drove there, but this year we had too large a party for the drag, so it was decided that my cousin Caroline and myself, escorted by my cousin Tom, should go by train. Caroline, I remember, was furious at the arrangement, which she thought much beneath her dignity and likely to injure the freshness of her toilette. I, on the contrary, thought it- would be, as Tom suggested, great fun. There was, as we expected, a great crush at the station, and, to make matters worse, we arrived only just before the train started. In fact, it would have started without us if Tom, to Caroline's indignation, had not thrust us unceremoniously into a third-class carriage. " Well, I'm not going to lose the first race for your stuck-up notions," said Tom. with cousinly frankness. " It's only for half-an-hour, and it won't do you any harm." I looked round rather nervously, feeling that Caroline's objections were highly discourteous tp our fellow passengers. There were seven of them. Four very horseylooking men loudly discussing the races; a soldier in a scarlet uniform; a young man and maiden in their Sunday array ; and a woman with a baby in her lap, on . the seat opposite mine. She glanced up; at me as I took my place, showing me as she did so two of the saddest eyes I have ever seen in any human face. They moved me to look at her more attentively. She was a middle-aged woman, poorly but not untidily dressed. I remember she wore a ruBty black shawl over her shoulders, and that the baby was wrapped in a coarse prey one, Her face, like her hand which clasped the child, seemed worn to the bone, with wwte, or care, or suffering; or it might be all three, #ermoath r like ier eyes, was sad and uncomplainingly sweet. My spirits, which had been bubbling joyously all day, began to subside. I that lidtiBt cloak of sombre lue ^frea from neck to hem the gay dress I wore, And that no one cou,d ' see thethreeggld coins lingling loosely in my pocket which my father had given me to spend in sweepstakes. I began to vender sadly hoyp life felt in shadow instead at the sunshine. Suddenly the baby began to cry. : The mother changed its position and stroyeto hush it, but the baby only wailed the louder. 4 Everyone in the carriage looked impatiently towards her, ar)4 Caroline audibly remarked that babies ought not to he allowed to travel. The poor woman; as she shifted the child from one arm to another, with a weary sigh, looked round upon us for a moment as if mutely entreating our forgiveness for annoyance she could 1 not prevent. " Let me take the baby lor a little, I said. I was not experienced in nursing, and had little hope of quieting the child, but I longed to relieve the mother's tired arms and to atone for what seemed to me' the ungraciousness of the gthers. "Why, Mabel^ are "you crazy!" exclaimed Caroline. Tom stared at me with mingled ponder and 'amusement, and tv'en the poor mother looked as if she had not heard arightbut I leant forward ancl took the baby gently from her. By a fortunate chance the child left off crying almost immediately I had it in my arms. It caught sight of a gold ornament I wore, and clutching it in its tiny fists, became absorbed in examining it for the remainder of the journey. Caroline gradually lelt off sneering, and the others left off staring at me. Only the 1 woman's' sad eyes rested on me with a look of admiring awe which made me feel quite ashamed. " Where are you going t" I asked. Then she leant forward and told me her story. It was a very sad one. She was a poldiec's wjfe, and ha<jl fpllowed her husband to India and back. On the way home she had lost three little children. This oue, only eight weeks, oldj was very weaklv. She was going down to stay witli her mother to Bee if the pure country air would do it good. You -will he glad to get into the country, won't you ?" " Yes," she said wistfully. "But I was sorry to leave my husband." . I had read and heard often enough the most graphic descriptions pf poverty and its trials/'but I had never felt what it was till that morning when I sat with the poor pale-faced haby in my arms and listened to its mother's, voice, low and pathetic, bob without a tinge of discontent in its tone. As we reached Leachester I put the baby baok in Jtier arms and then slid my hand furtively into my pocket.. I did not wish Tom or Car61ine to see whiat I Was doing, so I waited till the last moment; then suddenly drew 'my money out, thrust it into the woman's ihand, and jumped on to the platform before she had time to discover what I had given her. 5 The crowd at this station was greater than ever. Tom had literally to fight a way out for himself and us, and as at' one moment we stood, blocked near the exit, I turned to see the train glide from the station. The 1 poor woman with her baby was at thb window, watching apparently for me; for, as our eyes met, she .started . and put out her head as if she.Would have spoken. I could not have heard her if she did ; nor did it much matter, ; for her wrds would hardly have been, as eloquent; as her eyeB. They seemed as they met my. own, almost to burn with- intensity, of feeling. There was something solemn ip thap look. I felt as if the woman was praying for, me, and inwardly, registering a. solemn vowthat at some time she would repay foi my help. Then the,train swept on, and I savy.her no more..• " ' ]• : ] It so. happened 'that I never - went to Leachester by train again till three years later; and then alas! I under very different circumstances. My father hqid di§d leaving me penniless. I had no mother, no: relations and, it then appeared,, no friends; except, indeed, Mr. and, Mrs. Jpfrtbr, jour clergyman and his wife. : They ippsifkiudly insisted on,,my making my, home/.with them till such, time as I conld*find!|Ome moans of earning my bread. How difficult that was you can hardly imagine if you have never tried to find paid employment for a woman who has been brought up only to be a lady. I could do seyeral things a little - nothing, as-well as the people with whom I had to con^bte. ; One day, fairly out of ; heart, 1' half weeping, alone, by the drawing-room fire k when Eliza, tb« parlour-maid, cam® ih with some tea for me. She looked wistfally at me as she put down the tray, and said: "I beg your pardon, miss, but I heard yesterday that Mrs. Mantell at Leachester wanted a nursery-governess for her two little grand-children. I don't know as that sort of place would be good Enough !fot you, but if it was, you'd be very happy there, for Mrs. Mantell is sMh a kind, nice lady. I was housemaid there before I came here. She was »ach a good lady; anybody couldn't help liking her!" " I should be too glad to get such a place," I said. " And I will try and go to Leachester to-morrow. How shall I get to the station, I wonder!" For it was sis miles off, and Mr. and Mrs. Barton kept no carriage. Eliza timidly suggested that Farmer Edwards would be going into Leachester next day by an afternoon traii^ and would give me a lift to and from the station, if I would accept it. "And where does Mrs. Mantell live, Eliza?" was my last question. " I don't know, miss, exactly. She's changed her addres? since I lived with her, but you can easily find out, you know. She's the doctor's wife. Anyone will tell you where Doctor Mantell lives." Accordingly, next day I went to Leachester. The whole way there t cOttld not refrain from mournfully contrasting my present and my last journey. The one point of resemblance was that on both occasions 1 travelled in a third-class carriage. Otherwise the difference was complete and depressing between that glowing June morning and this moody November afternoon ; between the crowds of pleasureseekers who then thronged the stations and their dull work-a-day aspect to-day; above all between my then smiling future and my now over-clouded fate. If only the sun would have come out, I thought, I could have felt more hopeful; but not a gleam played on the tall cathedral- spire, or the scattered roofs and gardens of Leachester as we steamed in. I walked slowly from the station to the more inhabited part of the town .and entered the first chemist's shop I saw. " Will you please tell me," I asked the man benind the counter, " where Doctor Mantell lives ?" "Which Doctor Mantell, madam?" was his most unexpected and disconcerting answer. " Is there more than one Doctor Mantell ?" " Yes, madam; there are two cousins. Doctor George Mantell, who. lives in Church-street, and Doctor Leigh Mantell, who lives in St. Anne's place." " Do you happen to know which Mrs. Mantell is in want of a nursery governess?" " They are both looking out for nursery governesses, I think, madam." I was evidently in ill-luck that day, What was I to do ? I was especially anxious to find the Mrs. Mantell of whom Eliza had said such pleasant things, but how was I to find her? How could I go to either lady's house, aBk if she was the person who had been so kind to Eliza, and then take my leave if she said she was not? Besides I did not know what Eliza's surname was. Above all, there was not much time wherein to make experiments. In an hour and a half my train would start. I thanked the man, left the shop and went slowly along, wondering if I must really return Without fulfilling my errand, wasting thus a whole afternoon, and the still more precious money which my journey would cost me. An impulse made me suddenly look up, and I saw standing at the other side of the street a woman with a baby in her arms, a poor woman in a shabby black shawl, recognised an instant afterwards that it was the poor woman I had travelled with in the train three years ago. The same sad eyes were looking intently at me now, as if she had something to say to me. I crossed the street to speak to her, but directly I began to move towards nor, she turned and began to walk on. I quickened my pace to make up to her, but without success. I went faster and faster till I was almost running, but the faster I went, the faster too did she go; though, strange to say, without running. She seemed to glide very fleetly but very quietly along. At length the astonished looks of the people I was passing reminded mo of the remarkable pace I was going at. I slackened my steps, and then, rather provoked, determined to give np the chase. But as I paused the woman paused also, and turning round, beckoned to me with au imploring look in her dark, sad eyes. It was evident she wanted me to follow her for some imaginable reason, and did not wish me to walk with her; so, impelled now by curiosity as well as interest, I tacitly submitted to thift arrangement. The woman led the #ay at a moderate pace, and ~ followed about 20 yards behind. We ttlrned several corners and at last entered what I supposed must, from its outward aspect, be one of the most fashionable streets in the place. This was not the kind of locality into which I expected my humble acquaintance to lead me. " Who and what ean she be ?" I asked myself. I saw a sister of charity coming towards me at this moment) and it occurred to me that she might in all probability be able to answer my question* " Can you tell me, if you please/' I at once> " who that poor woman is—that poor woman with the baby ?" The sister stopped) turned round, and looked in the direction towards whioh ~ pointed j then turning towards me with a puzzled expression said i " What woman ? What baby ?" How could sheask Bush a question ? gazed at her bewildered. There was only one woman, 6uch as I described) to be seen. f.n fact, no other human being of either sex or any age Was theii Visible on that side of the stieet. " Don't you see her ?" I repeated incredulously, pointing again towards the woman, who had stopped : " standing at the door of that big house ?" " I Bee no one," said the Bister. I bid her good morning, concluding that she was not quite right in her mind ; and I fancy from her expression that I left her with the same impression of myself. My strange guide moved on and I followed her; but just as I reached the big house I had spoken of she disappeared ; or rather, as Mrs. Molesworth says in one of her ghost stories, she " was not there." It gave me the most extraordinary feeling I have evet had. I stared and rubbed my eyes for a little and then I began to wonder if I really had seen a ghost. I turned to give a hopeless glance behind me, and as I did so I saw a name on the brass plate of the door bofore which I was standing It was " Dr. George Mantell." " I hope you Tang the bell at once, exclaimed. I did: the coincidence was too remarkable. I determined to see if my ghost had led me there on purpose." " Well, and was it the right Mrs. Mantell ?" " It was, indeed, the right Mrs. Mantell," she answered fervently. " The best and kindest of women ! My mistress first and then my mother. And you know/ she added, glancing rather shyly at me, " I met my husband there." I have seen a great deal of the darker side of married life, so I was impressed by this information quite in the way she ex- pected me to be. But the woman and the child?" asked. "Did you ever hear more of them ?" " Yes," replied Mrs. Mantell. " Before leaving the train that day, when telling me her story, she had told me her name and her mother's name and address. I was puzzled by what I had seen that I wrote to inquire about her. Both mother and child were dead: had been dead about three months—the child of convulsions, the mother of decline, hastened by grief and trouble." 