CHAPTER IV, JJ«37iccIícíe / murmured the priest- , : More be would have said; but bis. heart was full and bis accents . .' V Faltered, and paused on his lips. " , . ? . Few men, especially young men, caro to be burthened ? with a little child ; ' and fowor still acquit themselves of the responsibilities entailed by such a charge as did Père Emanuel. By 1 firmness, and a ?winning manner peculiarly his own, he had secured hor obodienco and affection from the first ; and her winsome ways mado her, the pet of the two households. Anne, the nurse, declared that between .their reveronces and the servants she would be quito spoiled. Whenever Monsignor returned from a journey, a corner of his carriage would be . laden with gimcracks for Rosamond, whose eyes would sparkle like stars as ,he stroked her long chestnut curls, call her his petite ange¡ and do his best to spoil her. ; ?.? But her guardian retained the first place inlier affections, as the least1 observant might know. Eqr.-him sne would leave her newest toys, her pet pussy, her favorite/games, and, when ho visited his parishioners around Delmaine, would be on the watch for . his return, with eyes' sharp as a hawk's; and, no ¡sooner would his black-robed form appear in. the valley: below, than away she would bound; with her; long curls streaming in the air, to meet him/and the clasp of. her small arms, pressure of. her, soft hps, and the joyous chatter: and. laughter, which rippled from her rosebud of a mouth during the short walk home were enough to-ydispol duskier clouds of care than hovered around him. " I'm sure, Anne," she would say to her nurse, with much solemnity, " I never could have loved my own papa as Tlove Père Emanuel !" . Her instruction was under his supervision ; and one of his greatest .pleasures was the task of forming her mind ; and so' entirely did she en twine herself around his heart that, deprived of her beaming eyes, caressing lips, and voice as sweet and fresh as spring flowers, he felt life would now be dreary indeed ; and tried his best to ignore a cettain shadow looming in the dis tance-a separation of three years ! This was in accordance with" a. wish of her father's that she öhould bo placed at 'á certain school in England for a term of three year's ; an arrangement Rosa mond was yet ignorant of. His ward's progrèss in music was very unsatis factory to Père Emanuel ; nor did he spare his censure. . ' ', "It's no Use, Père-Emanuel," she would retort, " I shall never - pl ay, well. Plodding through those tiresome, exercises, day after day, is so .stupid. { Besides-,' what's the use, when I shall always haye you to listen to ?" And she wonders at thotrbùblea. look arid deep sigh which respond to her careless words.'4 L The seasons revolve, until Rosamond's fifteenth birthday is reached, and with it the most trying ordeal Père Emanuel has yet experienced. The ever present thought of the void her absence would create was harrowing enough; but added to this he had to contend with rebel lious outpourings, misconstrued motives, and stinging reproaches. " Why will you insist upon sending me away Père Emanuel ?" she would sob passionately. "Am I not happy enough with you? It. is un kind and oruel of you." . . " I hope, indeed, that you have been happy, Rosey," he rejoins rather huskily, as a quick retrospect.flashes, through his'mind. . ? " Then why mako me miserable by, sending me away?" " My dear child, you know it was' your father's wish that-1-" " But papa would never have , wished rae to go, if he could have known how the very thought of it breaks my heart !" and wild sobs nearly Choked her utterance. . f. " " Rosey ! Rosey ! why will you not' bo reason able ?" he says, drawing her to him, himself deeply agitated by her distress, and this evidenco of pure affection. " You do not view the matter as you ought to." . . > i " Oh,-1 think I begin to understand how it is now," she-says, drying her eyes with her pocket handkerchief. "You're, tirod of mo, that's it, and you want to' be rid of mo," speaking rapidly. "Well, you shall have your wish, I will go ; and when your, hear that I'm dead you'll be satis fied ; " then, suddenly throwing her arms around his neck, and with her great oyosfull of love'and pleading, she coos in a . voice scarce above a whisper, "could you boar to let me go right away from you, Pore Emanuel ?" . , À quick upheaval of tho chest and a-, lump in the throat whibh threatens suffocation,, follow this. whispered interrogation as Pore Emanuel turns abruptly away to hido the effects of ,hor words upon him, and to wrestlo with a wild des perate yearning to yield to- her wishes; and so end their mutual misery ; and for some moments only ^Rosamond's sobs and quivering sighs are heard. But during that time Poro Emanuel's composuro has returned sufficiently to enablo him with firmness to say " My dear Rosamond, you must try to overconio this weakness. You know it was your father's dying wish that you should go to England ; and I always revere such wishes !" And Rosamond, woll. knowing .that farther remonstrance would bo useless, turns : from him, vainly trying to stifle the sobs which well nigh rend her breast. ; A few days later a steamboat alongside the pior at Delmaine gives indications of a start. Bells clang, sailors shout, . luggage , is being hauled on board ; and above all the clamor sounds tho shrill whistle of escaping steam. ; ? , . Presently, Pore, Emanuel, Mrs. Leigh, and Rosamond make .their way to the : pier ;', Anne fol lowing with wraps, &c.; Rosamond's face is very pale ; and the eyes which glance wistfully up at her guardian are heavy,and sad. She fancies he looks unusually stern, as she has seen him look years ago when she had been naughty; and the recollection brings with it memories which add much to her wretchedness, as she turns her misty eyes drearily over the, sea-sp, soon to part them T^-and feels that for her, -happiness is over ! :MMXS;'Leigh is in high: spirits at tho prospect of re-visiting old scenes and friends ; and for onco Père Emanuel eulogises (mentally) the gift of volubleness which has boon lavishly, bestowed upon tho governess. > Rosamond: has made several attempts, to say something to her guardian ; but > her voice does not seem undor control. So.sho is silent; and the.steamboat > is.reached just as the tumult is at its highest. . ;' Pore Emanuel gnaws his lip, and fervently wishes the parting over. Suddenly a bell rings, followed immediately by a.voice warning visitors that the vessel is about to start ; and Rosamond summons up what .remnant of firmness she can command, to speak the words which must bo spoken. ; < .-. > ? -, , . . ? " I suppose it is to be farewell, Père Emanuel ?" she . says, falteringly, with the ghost of a smile upon her. lips. " I know I'm not to como back any more. You're ; sending me away for ever .'" and she fairly breaks down. . . -r '? Rosey!" he says, brusquely, moved as he was never moved.before. '' Do you think! would ever have submitted to. this, ; if . L had not;felt' it a sacred < duty ? Come, come, my .> pet;.' You : are spoiling . your Í eyes.". And with Hps trembling like,a woman's, he tried his best : to soothe her by telHng her how quickly, the time will glide by in England. ^' I quite expect you to write foi' an extension of- lèavë,". he' adds, trying to make light of the parting. " In. fact, I shouldn't be surprised -if you forget; your Delmainè friends, and choose England for your future home !" "Oh, if you mean that, Père Emanuel, how little you know, nie ¡" she rejoins with a look which haunts him for many a day. "You may forget me ; but I will never, never, forget you, or dear old Delmaine," she adds with fervor. The eventful moment comes at last. Two trembling hands meet in a long warm clasp. Père Emanuel stoops to press his. lips upon the brow of the treasure he is about to lose, when Rosamond suddenly throws here arms around his neck, and as their lips meet in a hurried kiss, Père Emanuel whispers "God bless my little Rose!" 