ME. BYRNE'S CANDIDATUBE. Last night Mr. S. A. Byrne announced his intention of retiring from the- contest at the Glebe. He is to be congratulated on this step. His action in announcing himself as a candidate was moat ill- advised. It was taken without first seek ing couneel from the leaders of the Pro tectionist party, and therefore could not possibly have resulted as he desired. It, indeed, had the authority of the Proteotion and Political Beform League, but whilst that body renders useful service to the cause of Protection it possesses no right to shape its destinies, nor to say who shall represent it in the Legislature of the country. The Nationalists in the Assem bly having set their face against Mr. Byrne's candidature, that gentleman had not the ghost of a chance of defeating Mr. Bruce Smith; indeed, tho probability is that if he had gone to the poll he would have lost his deposit. Tho lesson should not be lost cither on him or the league that pub him " forward. Every man in this country has freedom to do what he likes within the limits of tho law ; but Mr. Byrne should understand that he will never be able to obtain a seat in Parliament if he attempts to act independently of the leaders of the National party. And if the Protection and Political Keforui League repeats the experiment of playing a lone hand in connection with the elections, it will experience the fate of speedy extinc tion. On a previous occasion we had to write somewhat severely of Mr. Luscombe, by whom the league is practically con trolled ; nobody regretted more than our selves that we were compelled to comment unfavorably on his public conduct, for he is one of the sinceresc Protectionists in the community, and is full of enthusiasm withal, but the duty had to be performed, and therefore we undertook it. Wo imagined that what we said then would suffice to warn Mr. Luscombe that he must not arrogate to himself the functions and the authority of a Protec tionist leader, but it seems that we were mistaken. The collapse of Mr. Byrne's candidature should now oonvince him that he cannot advance Protection, but may do a great deal of injury to himself by assuming prerogatives which ho is in nowise capable of exercising. As a sub altern in tho National army he would do useful work, but as a captain he would make both himself and bis party ridi culous. 