lo-Morrow—A Tragedy i (Concluded.") Paul cashed forward. Lucy had fallen on the floor in a dead faint, her white fac3 up turned, the holly still in her hand. “ Could she have heard what we were Bay ing outside 1” Paul exclaimed in dismay, as he knelt by her side. “ I thought we spoke quite low,” said hia brother, almost equally aghast, his face pale and perturbed. “ Tommy, run and fetch your mother'?” They left Lucy in Mrs. Norton’s care, Paul only being induced to accompany his brother by hie eister-in-law’s repeated assurances that it was only a fainting fit, whioh she knew per fectly well how to manage. Mr. Norton’s startling tale was true. Thera on the borders of the wood, partly screened by the bushes, the body of the stranger who had presented himself as Mr. Bercstord at Hazclmead the day previous lay, stark and frozen,among the long, frosty grass. He bad been shot throngh the heart, and on searah being made, a pistol was found a few yards off—a pocket derringer, small enough to be concealed in a lady’s hand," but carrying the deadly, large conical ball. Was this awful deed suicide or murder? There was no sign of a struggle, nor evidence apparent on a cursory examination to tell the tale. Mr. Norton notified the police, and ou their arrival the body was conveyed to 0 10 of the outhouses, to await the inquest. No letters bearing any address or giving any clue to the deceased’s family or residence were found upon him, Inqairies made at the "Tiger,” the nearest inn to Hazslmead, elicited that the deceased had arrived thereon foot the day before, had-partaken of refresh ment, asked the way to Mr. Norton's and said he would return to the inn to Bleep ; but meanwhile before this information reached Hszelractd, Paul Norton bad returned to the “Is Miss Lucy batter ?° wan bi3 first eager irqtiry. “Oh, yes,” replied Mrs. Norton ; "it was just a faint. She says she wa3 feeling very ill this morning, as, indeed, any one could 1 sea ; and she was startled, and afraid there was something wrong when Hal aslled yon out of the room. She is much better now, and i3 lying on the dining-room sofa.” Paul’ went to Lucy and bent over her with tenderest inquiries and expressions of regretful fear that nis overheard conversation with his brother had given her a shock. “ I never thought you’d hear ns,” he said, deprecatingly. “£ am sorry I fainted and frightened yen ail,” ehe murmured. “ But wontn are weak or.atures. you know,” and her lipr quivered suddenly hit • a strsrge smile, a pale gleam of ghtstly mhth. ‘•Yes, wo who are strong must be careful of you tenerrt r plants ; it is onr place to guard and'shield you. Lucy, how I would prize the privilege of cherishing yoa if you would give it to me 1 1 love you even more when you ere pale and ill than in health and brightness.” " Is this & time to talk of love when death is so neor ? ’ “Love is no child’s play ; it is one of the earnest things of life—as true and real as death itself.” he rejoined, gravely. “ Who taught you that ?” “ You 1—it was you who have taught me what love is.” She fixed b-:r large gray eyes on him with a wild, despairing gaze. “ 1 v oodor would you forget me if I were gone avay.forever?”' P ul's protestations were cut short by Mrs. Norton’s appearance with a cup of atrong tss for Lucy. That evening, as Lucy sat with Mrs. and M:sj Norton and Paul in the parlor, there was a .ring at the hall door, and on its being opened, a strange voice was audible in col Icquy with the servant—siman’s voice, rather low, with a peculiar resonant quality in its tone, Lucy glanced up with a violent start. Mrs. Norton listened a moment, then went to tbe door, and called : ' “ What is it, Sarah.?” . “A gentleman from London wanta to speak to the master, ma’am. I’ve shown him into the diningroom.” Mr. Norton -went out. Paul looked at Lucy. ■ “How you tremble! You are feeling worse?” he asked. “ I’m nervous; the least thing startles ms,” she answered. “ You arc ill, I am eure ; won’t you go up stairs and lie down ?’ho urged. “I think I will,” she murmured. “ Let me help you,” he Baid, eagerly “ lean on me.” Jane Norton retrained from pressing her services, aud 'eft Paul to lead Lucy bis arm up'the stairs— a support not so' necessary perhaps as he thought it. Lucy did not epeak until aha reached her own doer; then Ehe raid in a hollow voice-: “ Thank you—you are very kind to me— always. I don’t think I’U oome down stairs again to-night.” “No—don’t; we shall all miss you—but try to sleep,he said, tenderly. When Paul went down stairs, his brother, with a lighted lantern, was toking the visitor j out by the back door. | “ They’ve gene to see the body,” said Mrs. I Norton, with the gravo and awe-s Woken ex pression which seemed unnatural on her fair fresh, comely face. “ Who is it ?” asked Pool. “ Hia name ia’ Dashwood—and, Paul,” lowering her .voice, "he’s a.policeman in. plain clothes from Scotland Yard.” .“Prom Scotland Yard? Why, surely there is no time for them to have got a fel? low down from there already, even if they telegraphed on the instant.”. ■ 611a . “ No, it seems he hasn’t-came abont this business.; Jit didn’t kno.wof the dejkth. _A* fax as I can maka out ha eaoaa' oh 'soma errand about thievery.Mr.- Bsrexlord. who, | it appears, isn’t Mr. Bcrestoxd af all 1 Oh, i dear! it makes my head whirl to think of I I And be asked about our household; and I Paul, seems curious about Lucy—asked what i our r o verness’a name was,and bow long she'd I been with ui,and isemed to wish to aea her. I (ear we are getting tangled up in gome mystery, Paul.” “ Some dreadful mare’s neet,” he rejoined, abruptly, bat’wincing. "It is a detective's baldness to find mares’ nests. OS course they make.enqniries about all tba members ot a household when a tragedy, like this hap pens. But Lucy is too ill to be troubled to night ; it would be simply cruel to disturb her. She wants rest; Fanny, yeu kind soul, let her have it .” " I’d be thejast one to worry her. No doubt it is a policeman’s duty to ask all sorts of questions; but this is a dreadful affair I” And Mrs. Norton began to weep. She went up to see tbe invalid presently; and returning assured Paul that she hadn’t been worrying her at all—only bathing her torehead and talking to her, and telling her to go to bed. Excited and disturbed, they kept late houra at Hazelmead that night. Paul was the last to go to h's room. He tried to tread lightly aa ho passed the room wherein he imagined Lucy was sleeping; bnt his tiptoeing was wasted care, (or as he reached her door it opened Boftly, as i( she had been watching lor him. She etood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, her hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with a fixed intensity ol gaze. ' “ I hoped you were asleep," he said, look ing at her with tender surprise aud anxiety. “ I shall sojn be. Bat I thought I would say good-nigbt to you, Paul.” “My darling!” he whispered, and (ondly and reverently kissed her. "Go to sleep, love, don’t (ret about anything. X( there is anything to trouble you, we’ll talk it over to morrow. 1’U cot keep you now." “ Good-nigbt,” she said, soltly. “ Son have all been very kind to ms. Ton shall know what my trouble is to-morrow.” " Good-night, my darling; sleep well,” he said. A strange smile lit up her (ace. “ Yes, l shall sleep well,” she replied. Tbe silence of night rested like a pall on Hazelmead. Most of the Nortons, weary with the exoitement of the day .slept soundly, bat Paul was restless. Towards daybreak, break, however, ho (ell into a deep slumber, trom which he was aroused by a sudden con sciousness of some undefined horror and dread, whieh resolved itself into a sound of hysterical sobbing somewhere—a muffled murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. What new calamity had hap pened? He heard the words, “Keep the children in their rooms, and send (or the doctor,” and—what was that his brother answered? “ The doctor can bs of no ass here! ’ Here—where ? Paul rushed out into the corridor; a moment took him to' Lucy’s room. Sics. Norton started at sight of him, and instirotively stretched her arms across the door as if to keep him bask. His brother, pale and horror-stricken, stood by Lucy’s Deo. “ What is it?” cried Paul, hoarsely. Mrs. Norton coaid only answer by a sob. He broke past her like a madman; berushed to Lacy’s side, looked down on her as Bhe lay, white and rigid—the marble stillness, the livid hnes ol death on her face. One glance was enongh; it was too true that no doctor could be of any use here. Life had been ex tinct for hoars. A small phial, empty, nnlabelled, was found nnd=r the pillow ; - on the table writing materials were scattered about as if lately used, and among them lay a letter, the direction uppermost ro as to catch the eye. It was addressed to Panl, and there, standing by his dead love’s side, he read her last words. “ 1 told you that you should know all about mi to-morrow. So you will—no doubt of that. The bounds will tell you all when they find that I have escaped them. I am hunted down at laat. There ia only one refuge left me, aud they will not follow me there. I feel as if I had always known this hear would come; and I have kept something ready for it, as you will find to-morrow. I heard Dash wood’s voice, and when he sees my face he will tell yon who I am; and bo will gnesa what yon have not suspected—that it was I who shot the man yon saw as Bsrseford. fie insulted and threatened me; 1 haa my little American pistol with me, and 1 shot him. Oh, Paul, have some mercy on my memory I Pon’t think me bad! You wouldn’t if you only knew the martyrdom in which 1 have ex piated my past—the hopes I bad of a better life 1 Aud this last deed ia no crime. I have rid the world of one not lit to live, fie had no mciey on me, and 1 had none for him. fie wsb the curso of my life from first to last. I ewe him worse than death for tfie wreck and tnin he made of me. “ Believe the worst they tell you of me—ex cept one thing. Of the worst crime laid to my charge 1 am innocent. Of the murder in whioh I was accused of complicity four years ego 1 am as innocent as little Amy; but who j would believe it of a woman who has led my j life? I WS3 acquitted, but few really j thought me innocent! 1 say again that 1 am ; nnoccnt of that. You’ve eeen the children | with me. Don’t yon think their white seals would have felt it, if that bad been true l My hands were dean or blood-guiltinese—until last night. “ I couldn’t bear the children to be near me to-day—it^eeemed strange they didn’t shrink away. I know I shall see them again. I might have brazened this oat as I have other crises nearly as bad, but since I’ve known you I have been changed. I have felt as I need to feci when I was an innocent girl. I might have been a good woman if I’d known you earlier, and bad your love to lean As it is yon have had a lucxy eseape; still, a better woman could not love you more than I do. “ Now, good-by. Try to forgive and for get me. I never would have wronged yon, bat you aie well rid of me. Do not think 61 me as Lydia Walbrook! I left that bated came, that accursed life behind when 1 came here. Think of me'only as the; woman who loved yon better than the life she ; £, giad to leave—nevermore Lydia! only your Years passed away. At Ilazelmead Paul’s painting-room was (shut up;'the dust gath ered on the deserted eaael and old portfolios, and on the one picture which remained there with its face turned to the wall. _ Home bad been Bweet to him once, but now it was home no more. When he was there, the bitter waters of memory went over him; he eould not bear the associations that filled the place. Every corner was haunted by the image of the woman he had thought so good and pure, who was a sin stained waif and stray; notorious _for it was. but a few yean since the name of Lydia Walbrook had been on every man’s lips in a yet unforgotlen criminal wee. fie never spoke of the blow that crushed his heart, but the mainspring of his life was broken. AU hie associates found him a changed moo. His few intimates' said among themselves that Norton had under gone eome terrible experience, and would never be -the same again, ; He tried to devote himself to his art, but hie nature was too emotional for art and ambition to fill the] place of love. Success was as Dead Sea fruit to him; and against failure, when it came, ha bafrno talisman of borne love and faith to comfort him. He had sent his hopes, his I faith, his very heart of life, to sea in one ,| (rail vessel that had gone' down with all on (‘board. And so years rolled; away, and as : | ]act illness struck bimdawa; his filling; I band bad to lay tha wash aside: and then, weak and lonely, bs thought it tha old boas •Dd of his early days; then the tender memories of old overflowed in the bitterness^ of the later past; and then he went back to* Hazelmead, aa they besought him to return and be cared for by his own people—went back, as they all saw, never to leave it more. It was his fancy to have his old den arranged as hissleeping-room. Aa ho gave instruc tions for tiie moving of the furniture, his eye dwelt on the pieture leaning with its face to the wall, just ms he had turned it years ago when he went away. “Leave it,” he said. “Don’t touch it; let it be aa it has been 1” So, in that room, filled with sad memories, helay and waited for death ; and who shall say what. ghosts haunted him 1 Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horror of the past?—or did Bolter visions mingle with them, of the tender'dreams and golden hopes that once were his ?—did be recall the sweet hoars he had passed here before the black and bitter seas went over his soal? Oiten he lay and gaied at the corner wherein the nnframed canvas leaned against tbs wall, the dost gathering on the face that was turned away—hidden—yet not as the face, whose silent imago it was, was hidden in the grave monld, beneath the coflin-lid. And one day, when all knew the end mast be near, he painted to the picture and said: * “ Tarn it—eet it were I can see her.” And bis sister turned it, and swept away the veiling dost, and he saw again the sweet pale face, in its frame of golden hair, the lips of soft and enbtle curve, the dreamy eyes that told no tale of tragedy,for his hand had not ponrtrayed, because his eye had not re cognised,(he black shadow of her life. And g szing at the portrait, his lips were unsealed, and he talked of her as he bad done for years—spoke, not of her sins and suf ferings, hot recalling trivial incidents and memories of their happy days. That night, as they watched by him, they knew his days were numbered. He had snnk into an un consciousness that was rather stupor than eleep. At dawn he stirred, opened bis eves, and bade them draw up the curtains and let in the light. The chilly light of eatly morn ing fell on the portrait. He raised himself, enpported in his brother’s arms, and with a strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew; to the pic ture his band bad painted. lie spoke in ■ voice to which the old ring of strength seemed magiaally restored. “Where am I going—and where is she! Lost—lost—where are the lost souls ?” “ Paul—Paul 1” his brother replied, with solemn emotion, “ it is not for cs to say. The mercy of God is infinite The dews of death were on Paul Nortan’i brow, his voioe grew hoarse and hollow, at he asked with terrible earnestness: "Is my poor love lost? No, no—it cannot be. Somewhere we shall meet. She said—to morrow.” Then snddenly eyes hi3 lit up with a flash of wild and rapturous recognition as he exclaimed: “Not lost!—not lost! Ah, see 1 she smiles 1 tfls, to-morrow, Lucy, to morrow !” That look of strangs, unearthly rapture was on hie face as he died; and, was it only his delusion or did L icy Bmile in deed ? 