llqw It icclH to Freeze. THE" STO RY - TOLD . BY A MAN "WrfO i WAS FROZllN TO DEATH:: <! ! IlAnui$nviip goiter in the NpYorU, 2rimcx. /''FrecK to ;dentW if you want to. ' ,M You wilijike il.V IJwfe doiVtJet any body/Tew yob to again. . That will nlmo.st' lull yorii" \ V- ' Th'nt/ wtyf tHo trnqge reniark! rhade by Cript. R; Jj.'/qrhf Uiiioiitown, wbo gravely. |inu;uec|ard that in tho terribly rigorous winter. . ofi 183?)-,4U| .'.'bo. 'was actually f frozen ".to sdcntb," 'winch dc- clarptipri bo .suppfcra/'nted witii tba- aboyojromark.! ' '\y . , ' "The lirst snow oft. that. soason," said tho Captaiu, ; foil ihoVfifstwopk in October, 183d. Tbovdast' snow of tho season -camo May >17/1840. ."Botweeh these two dates there wam't- less thaw six fcot of snow on the IbaHdhotimo, and -where tho wind had (ull'sweop'twonty feot was no uncorrimokcthingo-tosoe. Wobad'oight montha hf uninterrupted sleighing, and tho thonconieter- for fivo- !iionths was at no highetfyliaa 20 above- zero, /while most of thu iimdVit sported between 15 and-20< belowf 11 I This was "in Miuno.U1 Tba'd/ n'n,; interest in' some luhiber'tllit 'JWr:'u'ic tho Piscataquis country, .anil 'it' waB nccessaiy in February, 18wf fit fori' to go into that region arid look ,dfter:'niy interests; -It was a long jbbrnW, :but tho sleighing1 was like glasaj rindfl1 had1 ono of .tho bost horscB oyer lwed ' \ lf lid hadn't. been I wouldn't bo hotatolilay to tell what occuried to mo'ion-iiiatirip. 11 Tho- second day ofiny'jiuthSy- the weather was as cold as 20" rolowzero could make it, and was gradually gitting colder. I knew I woujd'reoqi one . of those queer Utile villages onraori tjthc Maine bnckwoods early thatUfr'eipng. There 1 intended to stay Vll'njiht Arid drive on next morning to'ibe 'horiSet df tho agent of the lumber properljjliwbljje miles farther alongi "l reach.ho' vri- lago and found that thoro was bo tavern there."" Accommodations wereHdflCrell me at a private houso, but I was iriforirici, that: Leonid not obtain a dropol/Watdr for my horse in the entire settlement.1' Thcro had been no rain since wintVr seV' in, and there wasn't a well Or' a spring anywhero iu tbo region in which : tboYe wob a drop of water. : Tho nearest' water was in tho Piscataquis Uivor nJarly three miles distant, to which what stock, there was in tho village was driven oyery day., to drink, and enough - water, was carried back in buckets to keep the jer- sorial wants of tho 'villagers supplied. My borne was badly in 'need of: wafer! and I couldn't think of letting binvjjto' all night' withont & drink. ' So P ato my supper at:tho village houso, and/ finding that' I must drivo on to tho river if nty boree' was to bavo his rauch-ncodcdrink tbot night, I raado up niy mind that5 T; might as ' well keep right on to the agent's - as ' to drive back to tho ' village' ofter'watofing my horBO. " " It was a starlight' night, 'but the air was 1 filled with that pccnliar'fiozoui mist frequently noticeable in high, frosty localities. As we neared tho hvor this bezo became more dense, until filially it was witlrdifficulty tba; I could see any thing ahead of mo. It was almost1 like passing1: through a storm of scaly ice. SuddcnlyI was thinking that we niusti1 bo almost' on the margin of tho river— there ' caino "a cracking sound,, a' loud' splosh of water, and tho next second niy horso was floundering about in the water,'1 which also covered tho sleigh and tho robea'and myself up to iny waist." In that'.thick bank of'icy. mist 'the'horso had plunged into the rive'r bolow wliero' I ' bad' been told' to cross, ' .and had broken through1 the -thin ico : that' hadiformed' since the ice had' been cut aw&y;' ibidt evening to'givri'the cattle. From tho vil lage a place to drink.' 'The' water splashed about by" tho ' horse soon drenched tho rest of nic, 'and in loss time than I can toll it I wob coated with a rapidly thickening armour of ico. I guess my noblo beast must have floundered at least a minute' in that hole bofore ho know exactly what had hap pened. 'When tho situation did corno to him ho became quiet, tin ew his foro foot up, and lodged them both on tho ico with a concorted blow like a trip-hammor. The ico was thick, but beneath- that blow nn-immcnso Cftko was broken of! and carried down under tho edge of tho ice ;belnw. Tho horse swnm'onword, drag ging tho sleigh with it, through ' (he rapidly-freezing- slush.1' Once more ho pounded tho ico nhend! of him witlrhis powerful foro feet, and again the ico yielded. / During all this this' timo I _wns shouting for help, I might; at tho 'lirst breaking in of 1 tho- horso, have turned leapod back to : shore', but I did not 'Collect- my thoughts in time. It was now too late, and even if it had not beonl'Wns so 'stiffened thnt I couldn't have moved to snvo myself from death Tho horse kept on, and, strange as the 'story- may - seein, broke a channel for' fifty feet aoroHs that river and drew the sleigh out GAfcly on the other side. Then ho -started ofl at' the top of his speed toward our destination; :Hesooa struck tho road, and away wo went. 11 1 kticw'; that riltbough one (longer was escaped "a greater was before us,' and I urged the horse on.' 'My sleigh robes and my clothing had frozen so solid that if I1 had been encased in iron 'I could not 'have Aieori more' motionlcss. My horse tva9 naturally jet black, but' his icy coutingunndo him stand out oven ;agninst thrlf frozen mist 'like a spectre horse. 1 1 could hot movo' even my bauds, Wo wOro not yet half way to tho ngent's houso wliori I, found myself growiiijg drowsy.' I could no longer uso my voice. ' The ' clatter11 of'1 tho horses .hoofs and the cracking'' of the runners ori'-; tho icy, roau Bounded to nio- liko thunder' clnplr and 'weird; hideous cries. '.:T know- that I1' was freezing,' but: I lubored bard to rouse my will, and,- fight :with it . against my fate. Tbe.6tars looked like great coaIb of firo,- although , before they could be seen but dimly, through thu peculiar haze. Tho trees, ithoir branohes covered with' snow, took on the shapes of gigantic and fan tastic, ghosts. Still I preserved all my powers of reasoning. Finally I. found myself growing doliciously warm.- An indescribable languor, ' attended with pleasant visions, took, possession of mc. I heard;.swcot strains: of music whore (bofpre, only tumult, and startling' cries had assailed my ears.: Still, knowing what all this meant, I made ono moro mental elTort/ to shake off tno deadly spell. Tbutwasall. . v \- "T 'don't know how for I' was away from my 'destination when 1 thus'frozo' to death, bat I was after a timo mado award that I was being called back to .existence by Buffering Buch tdrturo' as t,ho- victim of the rack might feel. Greater agony I" could not' fcol. Sud denly 'at my feot ;tho pricking of a , million needles assaulted my flesh.' torturing mo at that ' spot a moment until I -writhed in ' agony, it dashed quickly up my leg, stopping an instant here and there/' as if gloating' over niy nttery, and then crawled with awful pqln-glowly upward/ until it seemed' that tijW jets -bf: the flame were being blown in-my 'body, heart, arid ' brain, 'The intensity of this agony was not constant. If fchad boenl must -have died again. It came in torturing Waves. Bach wavo wns' ft' trifle- leas furious than its pro- decoBfior; until at last -the storm was passod' and I found1 myself a weak, epocclilessj/.limp; and' helpless mortal: lying -bn' a robe beforo ' the ' firoplaco of my friend tho agent. " " \ "lid. had brought mo ; back to life, but, as true 'as. I tell you,, I did not feel it In mhpflrfi at the timo to thank him 'for dbiiig' it. When I was strong enough 16 bear it he told mo that soon 1 aftergoiug to'bed be was aroused by tho pecuHar irid loved neighing ' of a horse, flygbti rind looked out of tho window. .Hp saw1 at' bight that startled' him— a glio'BlIy, hfliso with;ft jghostly sloigh and a ghostly.flrfver— in the gloom before his, 'door;'1 ';As':'soon as he could recover' hiraiclf 'hohhbiried out' , 'Discovering tbat'th'e horse's driver, was dead, lie, car ried1 lnm into the h'oup arid laid him on1 'the" floor and' then recogriie'ed me in, the driver. 'Kriowing'thbt even -if he could resuscitate , mo, nothing could bo ; done towards it until the robe and clothing wero tlinwed , away,, ho made tho fire blaze', and hurried , out to .the rescue of tho faithful horse that had reasoned with, himself that ho must atop at the first house he camo to on that terrible night, and that my life, depended on it. By. the t|mo my, horso was cared for I was in tho; shape to bo brought back to life, if it could bo done. ,1 was stripped and rubbed briskly, with snow water for over an hour beforo I gavo any evidence that I. .might bo colled-back. Thou another lipur was spent: in .tho name treatment .whon a spoonful of- brandy was .poured , down my throat, After, that,cjrculntion of my blood began and 60 did. the agony. I described.. /That suffering continued for an. hour and then I was prpnouiiced onco niore alive. And that coming , back over the boundary j'nnkcH me ache yet whenovor I think of it. I didn't mind tho. dying. -That, in fact, was rather, a .pleasure., But the coming to ljfo l If aver. I froezo to death again I want it ' known that tho tnnn who resuscitates mo does so at his peril." , - i 