A Great Opportunity in his Grasp. "Have you ever experienced the feeling, Mr. M'Pelican," said the young lady softly, "that some great opportunity was within your grasp, but you had hardly the presence of mind, the the courage, as it were, to avail yourself of it ?" " Why—er—yes, Miss Quickstep, I have sometimes had a kind of feeling as if I'd been sent for and oouldn't go, you know." Miss Amanda sighed dreamily, and there was a Jause, during which the two sat in the semi arkness of the Quiokstep parlour, and ex changed profound silence. He sat aud looked helpless at the glowing coals in the grate, with tho feeling that every breath he drew was a mortifying and ghastly blunder. " As you were about to say, Mr. M'Pelican," resumed the young lady, *' there are tunes when it seems to all of us that we must speak what is in our h in our minds." "Yes," vaguely answered the bewildered youth, and he tried to remember when he had started to cay anything of the kind; " yes, of course." " And while I am not sure that I ought to listen to you, Mr. M'Pelican," she said with downcast eyes, " when you speak to me in this—this personal manner, yet The young man could feel his pulse beating a tattoo on the drums of his ears, but he sat like a boy with his master's eye upon him, and said nothing. "By the way," exclaimed Miss Amanda presently, " I have a now book of engravings, Mr. M'Pelican, that I'm Bure you will enjoy seeing. It is a large book, and you'll have to move your chair. Yob, you can sit here with me on the sofa. I never thought of that!" The pictures danced before the eyes of the young man in blurred, confused images. " Isn't this engraving of the ' Courtship of Florence Dombey and Walter Gay* perfectly lovely?" "Wh- which is Walter ?" he gasped. " There ! Look closer. Don't you see him?" "Wh- who's he oourt ing?" "You'll have to come closer, Mr. M'Pelican. "I declare, though," and she looked archly at the trembling youth, "lam almost afraid to let you come any nearer. You look exactly liko Walter in the picture." And then the arm of that helpless young man stole in a timid, apologetic, sneaking way round the waist of the oharmiug Amanda Quiokstep; her head sank upon his shoulder, and the book of engravings fell neglected to the floor. " Alfred," she said, an hour later, as she toyed with a button of his coat, " you bold boy! How on earth did you ever muster up the oounyre to ask me to be your wife? You know well enough I never gave you a particle of encouragement." The young man patted her condescendingly on the head, and then spoke proudly with the voice of an Ajex defying the lightning: " When I make up my mind to do anything, Amanda, no obstacle on earth can stop me {"—American Paper. Obioin of " Calico."—The word -* calico" has a queer origin. Many centuries ago the first monarch of the province of Malabar gave to one of his chiefs, as a reward for distin guished services, his sword and all the land within the limit of which a cock crowing at a certain temple oould be heard. From this circumstance the little town which grew up in the centre of this territory was called Calicoda, or the cook crowing. Afterwards it was called Caliout, and from this place the first ootton goods were imported into England, bearing the name of calico. I'll No Meddle Ye. — Samuel Pin kerton, tho village sexton of a certain Low land distriot in Scotland, was said to be an unco fearless ohiel—at least so far as ghosts were concerned. Some neighbourly worthies, however, strongly doubted this, whilst others religiously believed it. Amongst the former was a well-known local wag, who confidently asserted that for a wager he would take upon himself the task of putting the " very fearo' death" on Sam. Accordingly a bet was made, and one night when it was known that the sexton would be working in the kirkyard late quite a number of interested parties stole up, and, hiding themselves in the cemetery among a number of trees, breath lessly waited the result of the proposed experi ment on Samuel. They had not long to wait. As Sam oame slowly jaunting down the Erinoipal avenue, contentedly humming a omely tune to himself, there sud denly rose before him, as if by magio, the fantastic figure of a weird unnatural spectre, decked all in white. This apparition immediately began, right under Sam's very nose, a strange series of blood curdling manoeuvres, whioh finally terminated with a shrieking howl, whilst the spectre fell prostrate at Sam's feet. As this ghastly ex hibition closed, Sam gently bent over the prostrate figure, and with muoh pathos in his sonorous voice sympathetically exclaimed: '- Pair sowl, puir sowl, dinna be feared, dinna be feared, I'll no meddle ye!" 