AOTA POPTJLL By The Flaneur. Arming in hot haste is again the order of the day, and once more the sanguinary field of Maequarie sfcreet is about to ring with the triumphant shouts of the victors, and the despairing cries of the van quished. Both sides are equally confident of sue cess, and so nicely balanced are the rival forces that the no-aocount men, or the pig-voters, are as carefully shepherded and cared for as the stauuehest fighters iu the ranks. General Dibbs has strengthened his reserve force by appointing nine of his full-privates to the Upper House, and, of course, the Freetrade Press is howling out its denunciations by tho yard ; but the Premier has the consolation of knowing that he can do no thing unconstitutional, or even shady, in a political way, tor which he cannot point to a glaring precedent in the previous reigns of Parkes. Sir Henry has boasted that he appointed fully one-half of the members of the Council, so it is just about time he had a rest, and allowed some one else to have a turn at the game by way of keeping matters balanced. The freetrade party held a caucus meeting the other night, and the first thing that the propa- 1 gandists of that cause did was to declare that Froggie Parkes is still the proper gander to take command of their ranks and lead them on to glory or the grave. To copy his own beautiful words, ho will not let Grimalkin Dibbsie bite them, nor that naughty Gar van fright 'em ; but it is certainly a startling surprise for most of us to find such a crafty old warrior as Sir Henry accept ing the protectorship oE a cause that looks so de cidediy blue as that of free trade does at present. A deal of the great jockey, Fred Archer's fame rests on the fact that he would never ride a horse unless he felt sure it had a fair chance of success, and so determinedly did he stick to this very sen sible policy that the Prince of Wales sent for him to ride one of his crow-roost outsiders. Archer's reply was that as the mount was such a splendid one ' Tummy' had better secure it for himself In like manner a deal of Sir Henry's political re putation rests on the fact that he never accept0 the leadership of any party, or condosconds to dry-nurse any project, unless he io dead certain that that party or project will meet with success ; consequently I am inclined to think that the freetraders hold something up their sleeve of which none but a favoured few know anything, and that that something has proved good enough to tempt the cupidity of the crafty, long-headed Froggie Parkes. The original programme was to force the hand of the Dibbo party and thrust them from their stools; after which Sir Henry would trump up ' some excuse about requiring a rest, or, like the Biblical man who was invited to the marriage feast he might plead that he had taken a wife and, of course, had other fish to fry, and then the un suspecting M'Millan would assume command and speedily come down a cropper that would loosen every bone in his body. Then the people would fall on their knees and implore Cincinnatus Pa,rke3 to come off his little loggie, and once more s&ve; their bleeding country from slithering away into everlasting chaos altogether, and our Grand- Old Manipulator, finding everything was aafe, would trot round and deign to pull us through our troubles. Thai was the original pro gramme de Parke3, but the new one is beyond my comprehension altogether ; in fact, ' Honest '' John Haynes doesn't understand it, and is very much afraid that Cardinal Moran is at the bottom of it all. The general opinion of the outside public is that the country is in a derned tight place at present ; that a deadlock will ensue, and we will quickly drift from bad to worse until we bust up altogether. Some are of opinion that another general election must take place, and that would be very nice, indeed ; but 1 fail to see that it would be productive of any great benefit as things stand at present. Nevertheless, I am strongly in favour of holding a general election once every fortnight or so ; for, even if we get no political profit out of these shivoos we get heaps of fun, and, like a lot of modern Neros, we can fiddle away to our hearts' content while the country biirns to ashes. Ihis will be bad for posterity, of course ; but, then, hang posterity ! What has it it ever done for us ? Personally, however, I am of opinion that things will soon right themselves, for they are at their worst now, and any change at all must naturally be for the better. Most of our troubles are imaginary, and a large percentage of them never happen at all. To-day our freetraders are afraid that if the protectionists are not checked they will tax the country so heavily that it will sink to the bottom of the sea ; while on the other hand the protectionists fear that the freetraders will lighten matters so much that the colony will shoot up like a balloon, and then burat away into boundless space. I am laying teas to one that neither event comes off. Blaine, the celebrated American politician, used to tell a capital story illustrative of imagi nary troubles, and it ran in this wise. A certain man was seen on board a ferry boat, £-nd by his side was a box which he would open curiously every few minutes, peep into it mysteriously, and then class the lid. His actions aroused the atten tion of a naturalist by his side, and, v/holly un able to control himself any longer, the latter tapped the box proprietor and said, ' Beg pardon, but I'm very anxious to know what you've got in that bos, Sir.' ' Oh, I don't care to tell,' re plied the other, 'it, would get all over the boat.' 'Why, is it a savage animal?' gasped the scientist. ' Yes, it is — kills everything it catches ;' and then tde fellow peeped cautiously into the bos again. This drove the naturalist nearly crazy with excitement, and by way of cooling him down the mysterious party whispered* ' Don't let on, and FU tell you all. This animal is the awful man-eating Kil-ma-roo from the wilds of Africa — the savage&t; beast alive — eats even gorillas, and cobras, and ? ' 'Gracious good ness !' exclaimed the other fellow, ' Whatcher feed the thing on now, hey ?' ' On snakes, Sir ; plain snakes,' and the man took another peep to oeo that his prize was safe. ' On snakes,' echoed the naturalist, 'but where in thunder do you get snakes enough to feed a monster like that ?' ' Well, you see, sir, my brother, who lives with me, drinks terribly and has fits of deli-rivAn trcmens, and when he sees a lot of green headed snakes with pink tails and fiery eyeo swarming round we catch 'em on a pitchfork and—— ' ' Go t' glory !' roared the disgusted scientist, ' why those are only imaginary snakes that your brother sees, and you can't stuff me that a savage beast can be fed on imaginary makes anyway.' ' Well, look here,' whispered the man with the box ; ''this is the greatest secret of all, so don't give it away to anybody, ' This is only an imaginary Kil-ma-roo !' And so it is with nine- tenths of all our troubles. Looking over a Grafton exchange 1 find the editor congratulates us all on the fact that the person who condescended to marry Sir Henry Parkes ia ' not an Australian girl.' I can go one better now, and confidently inform the world that the person alluded to isn't a girl at all, £or she has apparently braved about 40 summers and a corresponding number of winters also. It was King David who took a girl-bride to himself when old age began to tell heavily on him, bub King Henry ia apparently oil bhe same opinion as tho amorous Ovid, who declared that girls and green apples should bo left on the trees, for there was no comforter so charming aa the woman of the ripe matured years. Ovid wa3 a great poet, and one of the keenest critics of women that thia woi'ld haa ever held. Parkea io a great poet also — the frog-laureate of the Southern world—and probably theae two great minds have been formed in the one mould. Our Graf ton friend ropes all our sympathies in another sentence which says — 'It nhould also be especially gratifying to the dear ladies in the colony who some months ago raised a Woman's Fund, for tho pur« poso of recognizAng in a small way hio eminent services to the country.' And then he goes on to speculate aa to whether Lady Parkes will demand io be taken to Govern ment House, and the degree of wazmth. with which Lady Carrington will receive her. All this betrays a kindly interest in our grand old frog poet's welfare which is very pleasing to find exhibited by the people of GraCton, especially as Sir 'Enry didn't see any points about their dis trict to justify the running of a railway line ; and by way of glad tidings for them I may mention that Lady Parkes has already appeared ' officially' in public, having been escorted by her gallant Knight to the opening of the Fairfield Public school on Saturday last. Hovr delightfully and medievally romantic it all sounds — Ye Fayre-Field and Ye Gallant Knight and hya Ladye Fayre ! Carry me out on ye early English shutter ! Speaking of poets reminds . me that there is a bard alive and in full song to-day who does not appear to have yet been valued at anything like his true worth. To me he eeema as near perfec tion as a true poet can get in these sordid days j but for fear my judgment may be wrong, here ia a verse from his ' Exile of the Gael' — 11 No treason wo bring from Erin— nor bring wo shame or guilt j The sword we hold may be broken, hut we havo not dropped the hilt ! The wreath we bear to Columbia ic ttvined of thorns not bays ; And the song3 we sing are saddened by thoughts of deso* late days. But the hearts rre bring for freedom are washed in the surge of tears ; And we claim our right by a People's fight out-living a thousand years.' This whole poem is full of the grave melodies of a conquered but still hopeful race, and it is to be hoped this brilliant bard will yefc live to chaunt the triumphal ode on the day of Ireland's redemp tion. There are two classes of poets : those who sing because they like to hear the sound of song, and those who must sing or die of a sort of poetical asphyxia. The poet I speak of now belongs to the latter, and by far the noblest, rank—listen to his warning from ' The City Streets'— The oarfch was not made for its people ; that ory has been hounded down as a social crime ; Tho meaning of life is to barter and buy ; and tho strongest and shrewdest are masters of time. God made tho million to serve the few, and the questions of right are vain conceits ; To have one swoot home that ia safe and truo ton garreta mint rook ia the darkened streets. 'Tis Civilization, so they say, and it cannot bo ohauged for the weakness of men. Take care ! take care ! 'tig a. desperato way to goad tha wolf to the oud of his den. Take hoed of your Civilization, ye, on your pyramids built of quivering hearts ; There are stages, like Paris in '93, whore tho commonest men play most terrible parts. Your statutes may ocush, but they cavmofc kill, tho patient Rense of a mtural right ; It may slowly move, but tho People's will, like tlie ocoan o'or Holland, is always in sight, ' It is not our fault !' say the rich ones. No ; 'tis tha fault of a system ola and sn-ong ; Bat men ain tho makers of systems ; oo, tho cure will come if wo own the wrong. It will comefiu pence if thi right man lead ; it will sweep in storm if it ha denied. The law to bring justice is always decreed ; and on every baud aro the warnings cried, Take he id of jour Progress! Its foot havo trod on the souls it slaw with its own pollutions ; Submission is ncod ; but th-; order of God may flamo the torch of the resolutions ! This is truly a touch of the divine afflatus which filled the old poet prophets of Israel when the word of the Lord came bo them saying, ' Prophesy against Babylon !' and I doubt much if it was wanted more in those days than it ig in ours. Twenty years ago the British authorities sud denly woke up to the faet that a bright, intelli. gent Irish lad in the Eighth Hussars had been proaching the cause of Ireland to hio fellovr braves with such success that many of them had actually sworn to throw off their allegiance to England and fight for Irish Independence aa soon as the time was ripe to strike the blow. This got the young patriot quite disliked by the eaid authorities (led by Lionel Sackville West) and by way of weaning him off his fiery enthusiasm it was decided by Sackville and the rest to hang him, as an encouragement to the others. His extreme youth aud brilliant talents pleaded for him, however, and he was merely packed off for a 20 years' seclusion in the wilda of Western Aus tralia. That sort of life soon palled on the young man's tastes, however, aud at the risk of his life he escaped in an open boat, was picked up by an American whaler, and safely landed on the shorea which are watched over by the ' Bird of Free &omi;' Then he toot a rest, and gradually drifted till ho eame to anchor in Boston. A few days ago the Bzitish Minicter at Washington,, Sir L. S. West, was idiotic enough to advise a naturalized citizen an to how ha should vote m the election for the American Presidency so ao to forward tho interest of the grand old mother country, England, upon ?whioh a oertain man came boldly to the front and called on the United States President to urge the dismissal ox Engiand'o diplomatic- representa tive, who had made a national lunatic of himself in order to oblige the aforosaid ' mother country/' The President listened to thin man's 'words, saw the force o£ them^ shoo'k his fist in the mother country's face, and the result was that the British Minister was fired out of his ofEoe like a The name of that Minister is Sir Lionel Sack ville Ws3t. The name of the man who raised the i#w is John Bof le O'Eeilly, and that is also the name of the poet whose stirring strains I have re-echoed to-day ; but—moot marvellous of ail that was also the name of the daring young Irish. husGar 'whom this same Sir L. £s. West, ' Twenty golden years ago/3 used his influence to have hanged for high treason. After that, Fiction can go downstairs and take a back seat in the cellar, £or Truth can upend her every time. Ad & poet patriot John Boyle O'Eeilly lias no superiors to^ day, for he tempera the fire oil a Sword-Song Korner 'with the philosophy of the Toanyedn iSphona we knew of old, and no Irishman's library can be considered complete now unless it holds on its foremoat shelf the glorious thoughts of Bos t6a'B bard, who haa never yet tired or faltered in Sounding Ireland's praise or demanding Her in dependence. The Education Act which Sir Henry .did nbt frame and wouldn't touch until he saw it wa3 oertain to be carried— that glorious Act is really in danger after all. Our old Mend, G. M. Pitt, is sharpening his little hatchet now, and is fully determined to lop off at least one limb of. it, for he says the Act-— ' Has one weak point, to allow clergymen of any denomination to interfere with the working of the system, to teach new religious tenets. They have their churches and Sunday schools. Our national schools are more in accordance with God's laws. They have no sectarianism, nos should there be any. The childcen are all God's creatures, working together in harmony, making friendships which will last to the end of their HveSi My hope is our legislature should amend the Act.*' 'Unless friend Pitt is a Jesuit in disguise this is & most alarming declaration 5 for it proves that this friends of the Aet~ I mean those who 3weai% by it lock, stock, and barrel — have been barking up the wrong tree altogether j for while Minister Slatfcery declares he wouldn't lay a finger on the Act, the daring Pitt would actually wipe out the only clause which save3 it from being torn to pieces by the ruthless hands of the Dissenting clergy. We are constantly reminded of the great good this inspired Act is working, and yet when a 125-year-old boy was asked in the St. Leonards Gtourt the other day ' Where bad boys went when they died?' he confidently informed the Bench that they ' went to the Presbyterian church !' 1 Shade of poor Martin Luther ! How it must have squirmed when it heard that semi blaBphemous reply ! At the opening ceremony oil the Holy Ghost College at Ballarat, Victoria, the Sight Rev. Monsignor Hoyne presented the President of the College, tho Very Eev. Dr. Reffe, with an address from the priestB of the diocese of Ballarat, accom° panied by a purse containing .£1132. On Sunday the Confraternity of the Blesssd Sacrament was established at St. John's Cathedral, West Maitland. The society 13 for boys under the age of seventeen. Father O'Donohue is the director of the juvenile sodality, which at its first meeting numbered about 100. The Eev. P. L. Coonan, Administrator of St. Benedicts parish, has acknowledged the receipt of a cheque for .£200 from Mr. Francis Milford, executor of the will of the late Mr. Stephen Mil ford, of 5, FranciR-street, Glebe, being a bequect towards the building fund of St. Benedict's new school- hall. We have been shown a particularly fine example of the new process of reproducing and enlarging photographs on porcelain. Mrs. Aden Eiley, of Eandwick, commissioned Messrs. S. C. Wright and Co., of the Avenue, Camperdown, to reproduce on porcelain from a miniaturo photograph the ' counterfeit presentment' of her father, the late venerable Catholic colonist, Mr. Edward M'Encroe. The firm of artists mentioned have succeeded in executing in artistic style a striking likeness which will, we doubt not, be lovingly cheikhed as a family possession. The Italian Ophra Company. — The clever company now performing at the Sydney Opera House, we regret to say, nave not been patronized according to their merits. The artists were left in circumQtance3 of distress by the abrupt break-up of the Simonsen company, and they are now working to raise a sum sufficient to carry them back to Italy. The company have especial claims on the Catholic community, for several o£ the artists have moat generously given t,hoir ser vices in the church ohoirc o£ the cifcy and suburbs, and it is to be hoped that during the re mainder of the season some practical appreciation ?will be shown of these services. This evoning (Saturday) Siguor Pimazzoni, who haB eotcb liBhed himself a general favourite both on the stage and in private life, takes a well-Gamed benefit in Verdi's ' XJn Ballo in Maschera/' and we hop© to nee fche fc&eafiK9; osomM. J 