Our Hobart Letter. Trades Unionism has asserted itself in Hobart, and made . its presence felt, although fortunately nothing very serious has resulted. The facts of the caso are that Mr A. M'Gtegor being desirous of having the whaling barque Water witch unloaded with all possible despatch, put on a number of wharf laborers -to-do the work, but finding that they were not getting the work done as rauidlv as he could wish, decided to facilitate matters by transferring the - crew of the Harriet M'Gregor, for the time being, to the Water witch, but no sooner had this been done than the wharf laborers struck in a body, asserting that their rules precluded them from working alongside of non-union men. The owner of the vessel was one of the staunchest supporters of the Trades Union Bill when it was being passed through Parliament a few weaks ago, and it is somewhat strange that he should bo the first to feel the effects of unionism. The present difficulty has resulted in the ap pointment of a board of arbitration wllich, it is to be hoped, will have a beneficial effect in futuro disputes of this character. The all absorbing topic this week is the aldermanic election, for which there are three vacancies, and it cannot be said that the electors have not a sufficiently large number from whom to make their selec tion, inasmuch as there are no fewer than eight candidates, such as they are. The three retiring aldermen, Messrs. Heynolds, Amott,and Howard offer themselves for re election, and of the others only one —Mr J. G. Davis — has had any previous experience in Municipal affairs. All right-thinking citizens would do well to return to the Council Chamber men of ability and in tegrity, men who will do their duty faith fully, fearlessly, and conscientiously, apart from the influences of any particular section of the community; men who will put their feet down and oppose the expenditure oE the ratepayers, money in a lavish manner, but in a way calculated to promote the best inter ests of the community generally. In the past ,we have had too much of the time-serving principle — too much anxiety evinced by our city fathers to curry favor with this or that particular section of the ratepayers; the consequence being that matters muni cipal have very much degenerated, and the class of men coming forward to do duty as aldermen are not of that stamn as a rule that one would expect to find repre senting the capital city of the colony. The question is often asked, ' Who is to blame for this kind of thing?' The answer should be, the ratepayers themselves, seeing that they retain in their own hands the power of returning or rejecting any candidate who may present himself for municipal honors. It is much to be desired for the fair fame of the city, and ? in the best in- ? terests of the citizens generally, that those holding the balance of power will return .the best men on this occasion, for a change is sadly needed. Speaking of elections and aldermen re minds me that a charge of a very serious nature has been levelled at one of our aldermen through the columns of the local papers, and certainly if the report be true the matter is one that will occupy the time and attention of the law courts at no very distant date. Tho particulars are shortly these:— A number of window shutters have, it is alleged, been removed from the new market to the residence of the alderman in question, and there made use of in tho ordinary way, havingbeen' so altored as to suit the requirements of the change of circumstances. Whilst on matters municipal, I might say that Dean Dundas had something to say on this subject on Sunday morning last, when he dilated on what the moral character of our legislators and city fathers should be. His words were something to this effect: — 'The public were to be con demned for setting up too low a standard for their public men, and in choos ing-for aldermen, not men of ability, but those who pledged themselves to support a particular class. Members of Parliament/ too, were, he said, selected in the same* off- hand mam-.er. These men voted for laws being brought into existence having for ; their effect the putting down of/ gambling and other abuses, but were often known to take part in objectionable proceedings1 of' this natur-s in semi-public. places' ?' Un doubtedly the Dean hits straight ;and hard at abuses wherever they exist, without fear or favor. ? : . ? It was oft the Castray ?'?Esplanade on Saturday afternoon last, when .the sun stood high in the horizon, and the stormy . clouds with murky fleece were mustering: in the north-west that a ferryboat with two members of the Fourth' Estate, in charge could be seen scudding along the water3 of the Cove., .The sea looked black and grim, and loudly hissed beneath the lee of the frail craft. It , was a time for experienced mariners to bear a wary eye, more especially- as- the wind and wave seemed to have entered into some dark conspiracy to thwart the skill of those whose fate it was to battle with the roaring hurricane. The two bold mariners who are known to their comrades as Flinders and Furneaux, mocked the fierce, assaults made on them by the howling nor' wester, the former, a living embodiment of the ancient mariner, ? sending forth a laugh that rang from stem, to stern of, the boat as she climbed the swelling base of a wave and rushed through an avalanche of brine. One fatal Squall at' length struck the boat, and one fatal billow, . like . ten billows heaped in one, with fearful .speed' came rolling in, and with, -horrid, roar overwhelmod the Elsie May. Brief pause had Furneaux and Flinders to offer up a '-prayer/ or-think of-wif e- or-HomeV-the waters' closing over them, and when they shrieked they shrieked below; the foam. 'Where am I,' said Flinders, 'In the breathing world or in the world of : death?' and with a sharp and sudden pang he drew another birth of breath as he sunk, his nails deeply i into the keel of tho upturned boat. Fur . neaux, who had a strong grasp of the keel, looked into his comrade's eyes and thought of the happy days when he was a littleeinless : child, and warbled softly that mournful air, I ?' My native fields I never more shall see.' All of a sudden it occurred to Furneaux i that sharks were reported to abound in | the waters in which he was immersed. The : thought gave him a feeling as if his back was sluiced with freezing springs. Flinders, on being made aware of, the fact,: bore a resemblance to a pale- sheeted ghost with gory locks upstarting from the tomb, and asked, in trembling and aimless tones, upon what dreadful lake he was. When the sun broke through the storm cloud with all its effulgence it disclosed the vnp.hfr. ATn.hrtl hpnrinar rlnmn nil t.lifl nnf.nrnfiri craft, and just as a thousand horrid shapes, ; begot of fierce extremes, were coursing through Flinders and Furneaux' brains, they faund themselves clutched by two pair of hands and hoisted to the deck of the rescuing yacht. Tears of gratitude fell alone and unchecked from tho eyes of the irescued, and when they, reached tho shore they blessed the heart that had a friend a sympathising ear to lend to troubles too great to smother, and ovor-sparkling bubbling bumpers cheered her sorrows,, and mentally vowed that the near future should see ferry boats given a wide berth, and closer attention paid to field pastures. How strange it is that while our local speculators and investors are straining every nerve to obtain an interest in Broken Hill and other shares outside the colony instead of putting their money into local ventures, that are admitted by the best' of judges to be beyond doubt a surety, capitalists from England and elsowhere are stepping in and securing the plums of . our West Coast properties, a matter that is worthy of congratulation, inasmuch as they will no doubt instil energy and aoti city 'into the operations necessary to the opening ,up of our vast resources that are lying almost dormant in that field of wealth. 