ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night at the Opera-house Mr. Miin appeared in the third of the SUbIcs pearinn character* he has selected for the season of the poetic drama at this house, namely, Hamlet. The theatre was crowded with an Attentive and discerning audience, $nd Hia Kxcellency the Governor was pre' aent Concerning the controversies which have, from time to time, been raised as to the mental condition of this, perhaps the most interesting of all the Shakopearian creationa. there is no present need to revive them. The subject . will probably always remain a debatable one, and there is no reason for any acrimonious argumentation on either side. After all, it resolves itself into a question, hot of the sanity or' insanity of any actual individual-for the Hamlet of the playmtut be regarded a " bodliess crea tion "-but as to'what Sbaktpeart himself desired we should think. It may. be that even he, with" all hia infinitecapaclty pf mind, was not rtaolveidas to the.menta|con diti6n of Hamlet ; dr. be'may have quite made up hia mind, but preferred to leave It to the judgment of others as !to the exact |*ychopattaological situation. No doflbt hp WM ftOltf a^tlified, that there : up many examples in the world of mental disturbance «'hicb it would Js© both scientific in the abstract, and Wfair'iotb* subjects of such disturbance, to describe ae insanity, it may fee, indeed, that be ««»« nised by anticipation that definitional Hamlet's condition mitiob jhae been in. genipusly put JBS thus was insanely sane, with lucid intervale of e≠ insaniij" If to this perplexity of psychic Jormulalira we add a deliberatenese of simulated mania, we may perhaps arrive at the beginning ^ solution of what has been for convenience tamed die gnadnees oi Hamlet. Mr. Hyn appears to repaid Hamlet ae «n inatanoe «f mental disturbance, not amounting t© actn&i; insanity, but complicated with episodes 0[ simulation, and he works out this bypotheeiB with a consistency that it is quite TefresVmE t0 witness. Certainly there ie nothing con ventipnal in bis treatment of tbe character. He disregards tradition, oot fitfully dot ^ fully, nor capriciously, nor for tbe sake cf being different from other adore, but from conviction. At s matter of conrse,eome tiimT that be does are not unlike tbose done by others, bnt be «aay properly plead that if it u right at one time to do a thing in a particular way it is surely right at another. Bat his Hamlet is not cast in a mould in which scares of others have been cast Ee pro perly regards it as tbe right of an to look at the character in bis own way, and from his own point of view, fife has wad Sfaafcspeare other than according to prescrip. tion. It ie ea&r;,.of ©puree^or any actor to take new views, to give sew readings, to de velop new inflections, and epme of bie inter preiations ateof tbie iind. bat they appear all to have a basis ot reason for their adoption. He also has no hesitation in going back to familiar interpretataonc, as recent explanations, where he £ndc mat the newer opiuion has leas warrant than ibe old one for its adoption. Thug, in the jnncfc-canvsssed Passage, " I know a hawk from a hand saw " he adheres to the literal reading of the text, neither making it hem - chaw, nor, a8 Barry Sulliran used to gve it, " Hern 1 pshaw." There seems to fee no question that originally the phrase was "a hawk from a bernehaw," bnt as it is clear that it had become corrupted by mnch sec intohaud eaw, and as it is BO written both in the quartos and folios, there is pood reason to think that it was thus Shakepeare wrote it. Consequently He. Mile jcetifiably reverts to the old reading. lie has JesE justification, however, for altering moh\d into codded. For tbiB change there is no warrant, that we know. No doubt the word Hu^Tcif is an nn osual (me, and various explanations in the way of suggestions have been effered of Shakepeare'e ose of it It has been variously thought to be a torsion of veiled, or muffed, or tnaddl'd, a Yorkshire word signifying bewildered, and one eostn mentator, as most Shakvpearian students know, baa interpreted it to be mob-led. Bnt the subsequent line describing tbe Trojan queen as having a "clout" about her, may well connect the clout with the mob-cap, mob being; as we know, an orthoipicAl transi tion from tnab, signifying to dress carelessly, the mob-cap being originally a sort of nndcess head-covering. We cannot, therefore, accept enabled as an improvement nponihe original and generally received "mobled." Besides, tbe parenthetical criticism of Polonius upon the word is suggestive of it being regarded by Sbakspeare as an exceptional and somewhat nnusual word. In the closet scene Mr. Miln wisely adopts the opinion of some of the German critics, that the Ghost should be inferred. Tbe effect of tbi6 alteration from the customary mode is exceedingly striking, and it so strongly Impressed the audience on Saturday night that it roused them into a condition of veritable enthusiasm. Mr. Miln in hia make-up wears his' own dark hair, discarding the flaxen wig and corre sponding particulars which for tbe last thirty years have been very much the rule in repre senting the character. Gtbnologically, ho doubt, there is good reason for the change which Emtl Devrient sod Fechter may be said to have initiated, but as there it no absolute mason in ' prohibition of tbe dark hair, it is Quite permissible to take that view of Hamlet's personal quxlities. For even io purely Scandinavian communities there are exceptions to the rule of flaxen hair and pink skins, ? - Mr. Miln was ably seconded' by his com pany in thisproduction of " Hamlet" The novelty in the cast was the first, appearanfce in Australia of Hiss lionise Jordan as Ophelia. The character has been sustained many times in this city by many actresses, but never with greater intelligence nor a nicer perception of its. absolute meaning than by her. Her largest opportunity, of course, was in the mad scene, and here it was that htr exceptional Capability was illoetrated. For she made Ophelia really mad, and flot simply mad according to stage usage. It was not simply a prettyl bit of acting, with some fairly good vocalisation, but it was an exhi bition truly of a " mind o'ertbrown," posses sing, neverthejess.sotne shadowy memories of the bitter past, which showed themselves in lurid glints of Jig$it<breBking through a deeply purple, cloud. The fitfully irregular action of the intellect showed itself in the Jbreaks in the snatches of song, the thelody dying off into a tearful wail, or suddenly .changing to an impatient exclamation, as if a thought . were forcing Itself through a hatf-dpeaniy leveL A figoificant eyraptpnj of, insanity *M the petulant resistance sbe displayed at any attembt to restrain her.andthe restraint bejng withdrawn ihe child-like, aubmiasipn she immediately afterwards shows. For few things are more illustrative of genuine mania than this impatienoe of control. The bnsi hess with tbe flowers was free from a31 hackneyed stage artifice, -and although the .can was still spread upon the ground, it was prettily arranged in the fprm of ,a c*W» and the flowers spread npon it Altogether, this was a very -trte Ophelia,, with no af fectations, no artificialities, ?' no borrowed mfcnperisms, .' no followiogJo »*U»wm» ftooyfm. \JU wm§j_J"2jpetitajmaot. wfreshing to an aPi*111® *?*! ite»tioM ol ?»»«»?: lam. Ab a matter ot course, Mr. Oatncart Sayed the Ghoat with his wonted ease and £Son to all its details of expressiveness. ilta Douglaa made of the Queen asurpris. XfsuweM, in which she is to be warmly wmpHmented. Mr. Ireland* King is oneof Ke institutions o£ the stage, and evewbodjr was delighted to welcome him back to the Melbourne atage after so long an aba&J;"* j from it Mr. HodBon showed more than a good endeavour aa Polonius; Mr. N. Douglas, reneated hia effective picture of Laertes, Mr Greenaway made a good deal more than ia customary of Horatio; Mr. Poulton lacked crispness and quaintness as the First Gravedigger; and Miss Greenlees showed an aptitude in grasping the rudimentary character of the Player Queen, which adds one more to the reasons for regarding her as a lady with a very large general capability. Miss Maynard meant ex ceedingly well in her representation of Osnc, but she erred on the aide of demonstrative. ness. If she had tried to do less, if she had brought herself to consider that repose is Bome times better than action. Bhe would have complied much more exactly with Shak epearinn indications. Osric may be a fop, but he is a gentleman of the court, ana it is unlikely that he would make himself ridiculous, even conceding that he might be a little nervous in the presence of a royal prince. A good deal of new scenery had been pre -p<ured for this reproduction, and if it was not always exactly appropriate or as to details ?ery full, it indicated a praiseworthy desire to impart appropriateness to the situation. The principal room in the palace, however, was too full of colour to be quite in harmony with the assumed period of the story. ^ And the grave-yard scene was very inexpressive in some of its particulars. The arrangement of a hill at the back, down which Hamlet and Horatio descend to the grave-yard, was a tappy thought. Also the actual presence of the body of Ophelia on the bier added some what to the realism of the scene, only when jumped into the grave it suggested rather unpleasant thoughts. One cannot see why Ophelia should not be buried in a coffin. They had wooden coffins both in England and Denmark in the sixth century; and long before that epoch, in other parts of Europe, they buried some people of quality in coffins of gold. The performance of " The Ruling Pas sion" at the Theatre Royal has continued to prove satisfactory to those there frequenting. At the Princess's " The Yeomen of the Guard" appears to improve on acquaintance. So also " Shamua O'Brien " at the Alexandra , is, as they say in unclassical phrase, " much admired." The burnt-out company have pluckily gone on with their business at the Hibernian-hall, "Betsy" being their play. And at the two other halls there has been the value of the admission money. The Centennial Orchestra, or at least such ! members of it as still remain extant, played ] at the Exhibition on Saturday afternoon, His Excellency the Governor being presentj As the concert was under the direction of Mr. Julius Here, it is needless to say that the selection was worthy of the occasion. There was nothing new either m pieces or players, but the execution was of the beBt: kind. On Monday night at the Athenaeum Mr. Herz was also in agreeable evidence, direct ing a "Smoke-night" of the Metropolitan Liedertafel. The hall was lull, and there were many encores. The novelties were poor Miska Hauser's " Bird on the Tree " by ] that excellent master of his instrument Herr i Klein, and he played it BO accurately as to! bring back memories of 34 years ago. Also j there was Mr. P. Langdale, who played some j familiar melodies on the bassoon, an instru ment which nowadays is not often heard in sola But about the period when Miska Hauser was here Winterbottom used to wm all men-and women too-unto him by his wonderful bassoon solos. The choral selec tions on this occasion were well up to the standard of excellence, and the vocal solos by Mr. J. H. WillinmsVMr. Rote, and Mr. G. F. Smith were well worthy of so good s musical association aa the Metropolitan Liedertafel. 