[?] BY CHARLES J. BELLAMY. OopyrishtAd by the Aathor, nnd published I liy arrangement with him I'or a moment the won;au looked at him in I lilem-e, trying to interpret for herself 1I1- I meaning on Jus wan, p-vsslon marked fnm I Itv.-ns for liim tbo supreme moment of an | agony fucIwwhI ns beis could not even eon- i reive of. Tlio man suffered more in tbat mo ment, than tlio foulert dungeon in tlio world, or tlie scoffs of a city rabble, or tlie contempt | of every wotuan t-liat ever Rjwkr her iinnio I from bim; she thought, j-oor creature, tbo | understood tbe expression on his face. | ''Tben you have missed tlie steamer, nnd Shi know, too, bow much I wanted to go.' odid not speak, but a pitiful look of con fusion was struggling into hie face. 'Wbou eau ftvo go, then 7' she asked coldly. 'The next steamer sails Saturday. 11 Sat urday! Poor gii J] PoorBertbal Tbo furies ! are folding their black wiugs this instant to settle about her soul. Slio only thought it was lier pleasure trip was deferred; it was his C* i to save her from impending ruin foiled. of tbe ministers of evil was at tbe gate this moment; now at tbe door; in tbe ball. Then tbe servant announced a name, and Mrs. Elliugsworth stopped into the room. She bad been smiling her best, but every smile vanished at tbe sight of tbe shawls and traveling bags. Sbe looked sharply at Ber tha, who wns dressed in ber blue traveling suit; ber bat wns on the sofa beside ber. She glauced about the room. Tbe chintz covers i were placed over tbe damask upholstery; the piano was closed and packed. Bertha looked (istlissly et her. 4 'Oh, won't you sit down!' But this strange Visitor stood as if rooted to ber tilace. 1 'You are going away?' Plfiip turned a nrprised glance at ber, tho tone she assumed vqs crisp and ini]-crious. He saw tbo dan gerous look come into the dark, brilliant , eyes, wliicb forgot their dissembling for tbo moment. Tlio woman knew everything. In I some way nbe had learned tbe secret would I ffhe dare denounce his wife before bimf Was foe so poor a man a woman like tbis dared to ! hoard him? Ho did not speak. Her message j rot scorn and infamy would coma in a mo / ment, sbo would tear down tbe veil he bad spread before his irife's crime ; bo saw ber red lips fairly trembling with tho bitter words. Then Philip looked at her no more, but his eyes rested pityingly on Bertha. How would see meet it? Would she flush into raro posion! Would she turn pale and faint in overpowering shame? 'Yes, wo wore going to Europe,' answered Bertha, utterly unconsciousof tho bato tbat glowered at ber out of tho flashing eyes. 'Philip did not want ino to speak of it or I should have told you before; but I suppose it dont make any diiTereuce now, since we've lost the steamer. It loft the pier an hour ngo. So we aro not going now till Saturday. Isn't lhat it, Philip dcari Why, you don't mind my telling Janef' It was Bertha's own words tlieu, that liad dccidcd ber fate. There had been some hope before, Philip now remem bered; but at lather deadliest enemy knew everything. Thy mine would be sprung be fore to-mori ow'b suu hod bet. Ho could Geo it iu the sudden triumphant gleam in tbe woman's eyes before sbo thought to smile. But Bertba was tbe ouly one who could talk, just yet. 'Why, you don't mind my telling Jane f' 'Won't you lend mo a few things, to gel me over a few days, everything is ] lucked up ond our baggage on tbo way, you knowf and Bertha went on to explain in detail list ludicrous neeesiftiesr 'Tomorrow will do.* 'Certainly, I only wish you bad let m* bolp you get ready.' But her light laugh 2ould uol deceive Philip again, but it was too late now to guard against her. 'I will run right home and get the things you spoks cf ready for to-morrow,' Yes, and there were seme other things she bad not sjiol.ea of, Jane Ellin gBWoith would have rouuy for to-morrow, too. CHAPTER v v *Ttt 'You ore too late, my friend.' Philip had been sitting in bis study in tbo darkness which was not more black than his lifo. But he arose to give his cold hand to Air. Phil brick, who had come at last. 'Why too late! This is only Wednesday. Havo you changed your mindf I did not suppose there was so much hurry, and I wanted to have everything roadv.' 'It is too late,' answered PCilip gloomily. What U6e to tell the old goulloman that Philip Breton's wife was a criminal before the law, that the transfer of the mill property was only a part of bis schema to save her Iroin an infamous penulty, tbat their deadli est enemy knew all their plans now, and no doubt ber sleepless eyes watched their every movement, lest tbey should escape her hate, Tbe servant came to the door. '1 suppose Su will have lights, sir. Some men from e mill folks want to see you.' 'Oh, yes; eIiow them in,' he said care lessly. There were not chairs enough for tbo four workmen who camo stumbbng in bkepall bearers at a country funeral, but Philip did not scam to look at them. One took his Place by the window, .and soiled tbo curtain with llis hands; another, apparently tho spokesman, disdained to lean against any thing, but stood stock- still in tbe centre of the room, bent forward a little in an attitude borrowed from the prize ring. Bis feet were pinntod well apart, and his arms bowod out . at tbe elbows. 'I suppose you have some complaints to ! make,' said tne young nitii owner with a ? gentleness of tone was quite mlsuuder- 1 stood bv the delegation, who immediately tried to look very fierce. '5Vre right, sir,' answered tba »»»» In tba center of the room, 'Ye know yerself, ye out doin' the right thing by us,' rallip did not speak for a moment, and Mr. Philbrick would have thought he had hot beard the fellow, only for ft little twitch* ing at tho ooiTiere of hlsmoath. Apparently the young man was deeply hurt by nis *-'?- ure to satisfy his men. uJ.VV® dono tho best I knew.' , » °J- we kin tell yer, If ye dont know no Resumed too workman insolently. Philip's eyes flashed at bim, then dropped to the carpet again. 'Pay us more wttgos for other'16, orten '°P our hours for en 'Yoa tsu better than others. I divide tbe profits with you. You thought I was very good with you once.' Tbo young man's tone v. as not argumentative, it was too hopeless for flint. 'Yer don't dirvy even; our shore don't 'mount to much,' put in tho man who was coiling tho window Turtain, 'J ain sorry for \ on, but you cant expect mc to make you all rich.' There was such a sadness of reproach in Philip's voice tlt&t; a mist gathered bofc-'o Philbrick's kind eyes. I3ut the workmou got tbo idea they were frightening tbo young master. '1 havo gone as far as lean see my way Don't you think yoa had better bepadent witb met' 4!Be yon goin'to rr:--n our payP Philip shook bis bead tbou^iiuully. 'Icannofcun&maaditismydaly; or my '??Are you goin'to shorten up onrhoareP a^od the man at tbe window, 'ilia chief spokesman turned to his com panions. 'Ther ain't no use. Wol, 'squire, io-:norrow you may wish youhai Come ?.Jong, boys.' Philip liod dropped back heavily into his ??'i-iir. H-5 seemed to have forgotten tboprcs of Mr. Philbrick, until that gentleman I egiui to explain his mom jierfect system. 'How cau you expect your help to be batia 0 ri,*' Philbrick was sayi.ig; 'even if tbey ere well paid it would bv small object for . iu to be shut up all their lives, as if they . ro convicts. But you dont mv them, e. tuer. It isn't becausc the bnsuiess don't ; for your father's uri^ts and yours wore nMOus. It isull the icsoit of a -lil«s valua » .'i.i of tbe worth of sjrviws. Now I shall r-.k to remove tbo burdens thatcrushtho oud r^trict thcix* natural dcvelop i 'nilip said nothing. How well his old fnenii '?nd k-?pt his entbusi:i5in through nil tbe /cur* ol' bis life 1 Well, it would do no harm tj lot him talk on. 'You will ask me for details.' Mr. Phil brick took his seat agaiu and drew up to him n Fhoet of paper and a poiicil. 'You will risk what burdens they are that are on thu mil llmi, besides the common neccs-ary burdens of litnuan tuiture. I will tell roa ulieitrliiciiial Ii'ji'^eii, it is tbo intolurablu tribute to nc . uiuulutcd ca])ital laid upon the working . l.\rses, which makosa tpunt ofthenioicnho .:r.j saved a surplus ort of bis wages, and v.a^jod tbe hopeless vi.. ineiti.-u of povertv. . .iko all forms of slavery itti »;nocts ai-e grout :ip:went luxury, which never penetrates Li.-'ow tbe very surface of socicty, aud tiro industry which earns uotmng for the .vorkcrs but food barely enough to hit|i]*ort 'i:s day's work. It is benefit enough for tho :;aa who has saved money Hint lie can « o4 1: : o bettor advantage; It is a lever in his htmdii 1 f wo permit capital to take such enormous profits as it does, every duv and vcur it in creases, as wealth increases, tho crushing tax on labor. I shall pay you but !i per cent on tbe money I shall owe you on account ot tho mill property. Tho rest of the luro'iio of tlie business above two per cent, beloi.gs to the laborer.' Tiie reformer glanccd expectantly at Philip. But tho dull, iioijelpss look that wns on his face an hour ago bad not cbauyiil. '1 am not sure but that is too much,' pur sued Mr. Philbrick, 'but it will oulv Ijo a little while before I shall pay up thi? -lt«I t.'' There was no asp in stojjping tlie cnthusi n?tic oldgentlemA, whose grout huai-L wns u fountain of human kuidncw;. It would l-e time onough for Philip to tell him that ho had changed his plans later. 'But I Khali also shorten tlie hours of work. Six hours of confinement in the mills is enough, and withoui leisure all tbe advant ages I can give my work people will be of little avaiL 1 can let different set* of hands relievo each other if it Keeius nu-u*sary, or (-uiid new mills and take in a thousand more bands to slmro tbe blessings of justice.' Mr. Philbrick loaned buck in ins cliair and a great light of bciievolouco shone iu bis facc. It was auitv to disnnnoiiit bim. 'This i9 an opportunity I havo hoped for a whole lifetime. I can show the world that labor ought not and need not be wretched aud famished. It is more blindness than S-illful cruelty that delays great mf If I can once snow tbo world whm „ . . U and how it works It will not be loxig be fore' ? *'But, my dear friend,' said Philip, drop {)ing bis cyos to tbo floor, 'did I not tell you t was too'lato? I am not goiu^ to sell. You ?will hnve to solect some other spot for your Utopia.' Tho young man s-j-oke bilturly. Uneojiviiius of hit Nillislmisa, he begrudged tho rest of tho world the happjuebs be bad Then cmne a moment of intense silence which wns broken at b«t. not hy a voice, tut by the loud ringing of udoorlwll. It rone so violently thu great, silent house echoed again, liad the end eouie then? l'hilip Reaped U- his i'ciT. ^Vild thoughts of deapor ato cxixvlionts nislicd through bis fo^Teish biab), nut lie vet stood like a statue when the Study door o]n-ned behind liim. He tore open' a telegruni and read aloud: 'Stoatm-r fi:ihutor delayod till to-morrow morning nt ;v For a jno'ix-iii lie did not take in its mean ing. Then Jut caught Phiihnck's arm so tightly the old gontleman almost cried out. 'Do you want the mills as you said! You wero not joking, oh, you woro not joking?' Philbrick gazed at bim in astonishment. Philip seemed iu such a terrible state of ex citement. His pallor was replaced by a burning flush, bis eyes that had been so dull eh ono witb unnatural brightness. 'Your j plans will succeed better than nine, and too cant find such a good place as tnis. You will take my mills.' ! 'Of course I will, bub I thought yoa said' ? '.Never mind,' cried the young man. 'never mind what I said. Draw tlie papers atonco. But no, I canuot M-ait.' Philip turned on his heel as if no earthly power could detain him a momeut longer. 'But tbe turners are all ready.' And Mr. Philbrick took a bundle of documents from his breast pocket, and lmd them on tbe tabli-. 'Where shall I Bign tliam— qtuckP -k*. . mond«.-d Philip. 'No, no, not there, that is my note to you; sign here, and here, and here.' can hardly see : everything dances before my eyes. Is it all cone uowf' He hardly waited to take thepapers Mr. Philbrick liad signed for him. Then, with out another word, he rushed from the room and bounded up the stairs. Freedoml safety ! ob, thank God, thank God 1 Ho could save her yet A castle on the lthino, a palace in Venice: be wouM find tho rarest homes for her. How sweet it would be to hide witb her. Tbe awful sense of hourly peril would lift from bis sotll. Ha pushed o|-en tbe door of the white chamber. Bertha had been sleeping. The tear marks wore on her cheekB that Bad lout their b&utiful; flush. She was so disap pointed, poor girl; and yet she never gueffied— — 'Wake up, wake np, my darling.' Bbe started from the bed and fell to weeping on UiRlmilder. '1 . .med they were taking me away from v., , Philip.' But he dried her tears witb uioiTy kisses. . .. 'We are in time yet The steamer dont go till 8 to-night1^ ? CHAPTER XXJUV. unwelcome yibitobs. The watchman at the mills was not a little surprised, as be went his first round that night, to see a man's figure leaning against a pillar In one of the weave rooms. The fellow did not appear to mean any harm; ho was not breaking anything or stealing any cloth, but how could be have found his way inside* The WB tollman fait b Utile uneasy in cpiteof himself; it was such a thing as had never happened before, ^fi&llol; what badness have yon got there?1 But tbe interloper did not appear to hoar him. How oddly he looked at the looms,oa If they were living tilings that he loved. He had not spoken, and his hat shaded his eyes, but the expression of the attitude was so plain that even so rude a man as the watch man oould read the tender reminiscence in his hsarL Perhaps the fellow might be craxy, but tbis was no place for him. Obi I didnt know you, Mr.^retosu Irt a nice evenin'. sir.' . Bat the mill owmer did not even amww Us. and movpft 4w*y towsrd tt* window as if imnatient atlieing intcrruptrd. Tbe moon was full, and tbe sky was clear, only for a few silver odged clouds. One, bo fancied a ship sailing over the sea, but bow slowly it glided: could it co no faster! Ah 1 suddenly It jMirted Jtrto bright frnpnients, and tbo nind scattorod them pitilessly. He looked across nt the either mills; the moonlight kissod their grim wulls fondly, and sparkled in their wiudows like a hundred brilliant lamps. Why, hero were bis flru csdnpus, close to tbo window coping— his flirt business venture. Philip raised tbe window und stepped ouUida it must be nearly time for Bertha to come with tbe cart-i.igo, as he had arranged, to avoid possible mspicion. No, there was half an boar yet. But Pliilip closed tbe window behind mm and WTnt do^ni the silent stairs. He went iut» his oflice. He would wait tbero for tbe carriago, it M-ould not be very long, and then tbero was one last duty be most attend to before it r^me. He struck a match, and the gas shot up so brightly It du7ud-?J bis eyes. He turned away for an In A massive foiiu stood ia the doorway, Philip must iiavc left tbe counting room un locked when he luid come ju. Some oue bad followed him, api-areutly. But the young mill owner took only ouc stop toward tbe in truder. It M-as no stranger that crossed his threshold, but a rami whose name was burned into bis heart. It was the rightful busliand of Philip Breton's wife — Curran. His linir hod grown long and almost straight about bis ueek. His checks were fhin and haggard, and the form that bad been like a proud oak was bowed as if it had been weighed down by a burden too heavy even for a giant to bear. Philip stopped short and looked at the man with ^leechJess terror. Ho bad MJjipQsed Ww hundreds ot miles awsv. Could it bo possible tho outraged' husband bad never left tbe village sinco their last mooting? Perhaps bis flashing eyes had watched Philip ^voolng bis wife a second time, and begrudged liim his few cold kisses, l'crhups be bod peered in through tbo win dows of Philip's come; had bo not a right to look at his wife, and followed them forth on every walk and drive, waiting to strike till tho blow should fall most deadly. He had chosen liis time well. Poor Bcrtlla, with her dreams of Como and Cbamouni. cut what would he do? Leap upon bis enemy and kill biinf Tbe uian iu tlie doorway looked too pale oud ill for such violcuoe; would he then neap curses upon him. tbe bitterest human lips evor uttered! But Curran advanced into tbo room with outstretched baud. 'Dont you know me, then, friend f1 Philip hesitated again. There might be a ginin of lioiw yet; lie would surely never nave given tbo younj; man his band if be had known — or called liim friend. 'Some one wrote mo to come. I dont know what he wantod.^Cuirau explained wearily. 'They expert ro macb of a loan; tbey want him to be a Cod; and if be wero l bey would crucify him.' Philip was recovering liis composure. At /l:vt bv liad fait a wild iutptilso to ooufass everything to tbo wronged husband. Ho socmed so grand, so magnanimous; be would not be crucL But then liis mi sou camo back to liim. Iu such a case oh this there could be no amends. lnnocPiitly, Bertha and Philip had dono bimaiomOio wrong — and them selves; forgiveness cuuld not blot it out God in his meivv might t-pare them tbo penalty of infamy; but Uie injured husband had no choice but vindicate his honor, when be 'You 1^'k ill.' said Philip at last, drawing him out a chair. Should be detain bin) I Bertba might come before ber time and break in upon them, the two men both of whom she hud injured so terribly? OhI that nia*t notbapi-en. Was not tliat a step in tho pas sage now l Should ho let Curran go, then t Tbe first man be met would pour tho story of his shame iuto bi» ears, aud then tlio catas trophe. He nniKt not go — hut be must not stay. PhHip looked out into tho inssagc. No oue wo* there. Cc.iTjn hud dropped iuto tbe chair PbiUp bad oiTirvd bim. 'Do I look ill f' bo askod, pushing his long hair back from bis forehead. 'Did you ever love a woman who bated you ? Did you over waut to pour out your lite for her, and see tbat hhodaspisxl you V You know whom I mean. Why 1 once tauciod you and she wero lovers, till sbo told mo not I meau Bertlia.' He 6poke the name so tenderly, a thrill of shame pjsrfd over Philip. Bcrt'lm v. ub Uiii man's wife. Hud he' not a right thvii to si-ealc^cr liniim tenderly ? And &o; Cumin hail fancied Bertlia and be were lovers till &bu; told bim not — ah. Bertha. 'She ba& left jne,' Citrran wnnt on in the mue soft, tender tone. ''I don't supposo it inlorestrf you. But if I oould «-nlysee her uow, l have such u strcu^-c l'i !in^ tliat 1 mijht v.in her back, tshe i:ii» ? s'aeh a teu der sw.H-thearr,' Then he lilted his eyes more firmly to Philip's free. f. : i,!:e n wall of rou'k. 'Is'thero any trouMi' ;nti«»iig your belpr 'Yes, thoy lmvv flung nil r.. '?..'e:-s in my toetb.' 'It must have liecn that v.!. ::;j;detbciu i-e:id for inc. 1 bail lm])cd.--r : .--1,1 hardly know which, it uii^ht hi' f-nn- ? :.ir..^ of Ber tba. It is queer, isn't it,n ;-iu:i like her should turn my licad so --- «i ? vulyl What is their nhout 'ber, did ynu - v- ; Hunk of itl Of courKo you huven't'' Currau seemed to make an elTort to dismiss uil iboii^hts of her that unmauiied hiuu 'You n^-iln't be afraid of me; I thought you sccmcl a little strange Philip storied involuntarily, but Ctirrat ojsUuucd; 'Isha'iit oacouruge any atriko ^.dnst yon. God will hlofa vour life tor '..it work for tiie poor. If he hasn't yet, be u! yiw j-iii n happier love than be lias ?fp!i jur.''' 'J'iU'ii he ro«o with new energy^ to i.u-ct. '1 nii.M und stiit-. tho mischief, i i-in 1 1«- n:- -:v \ . iih vuur lal-oivt's for goo-1 or ?vil tJinii !.'? , i :.-i n 'iu lfi- #vhM. IbUppose i hi v mi.'. I '? ii. the hall tn-nin'hl 'Y'-s.' i'ut i'hthp hurried up to bim aud laid his h.n:d ?-:; his ariu. 'But don't go, not yet.' '?Imii .t. Shnll you bo here long? Well, I will -ve \ n^.iin to-night.' 'Co I rrnii't i'ot,'' iniirnmrcd Philip Breton, as th-- djor cl'i-^'d alter him. Then Philip unlocni'd the great sale and swung hack its green door ol iron. He took out n packet und lurked ti e safe again, and carried his park'-: Ui- k (?» bisiifll'-e. Il'turne*l the gas -t ill hi,:l't r and iu Id the packet in tbe flame till i.!l that v.';im left of it \vu- a little heap of eJiai i-. 'l p-iKi j- on tbe t) ^-r— nil that was left of Philip HretnnV will. With that act ho clowd up, us he believed, all that iMirt of his lii'r v.«Tthy to bo ruiiU'inbercd. He was voun;: aud strong, but he had failcl. Heu-*e- fnrtl; lie nm-t look ou while others worked. Fat-: lud hi? work away from bim. He inu.'.t. nt bi'lt on the seata with the wynu*n ami '?!iiMri!ii, and look on and applatid when ^I'cMt deeds were doine;. lie would buve liked to work, too; but perhaps others would do hi* work letter. 'llallo, balh), Phil, dont you work pretty later' It wns Giddings, tho lawyer, in a con dition of dccidod intoxication. 'I'll bet yer dullor you don't know what I came fort hu, ha, bn; you think money; dou't you; moro mnnuyf But I aint that wrt of a feller.' Philip had l-oen simply disgusted at first, hut there seemed a terrible leer in tho drunken rye*. Could it be tbe man bad come to ex pose him? What was tbo use of struggling u^ainst his destiny anv longer! If ho could huvo gone restaraay, l-o would havo saved ill risks. But be had waited just too long. L'urran had returned to claim his wife. Jano Kllingsworth had discovered everything, 'ind now this Giddings in bis drunkard's riv-li^lmosf3 was threatening what ruiu bu .'iiild bring. \- You Hre not going to do anything rash are you,' said Philip, dropping tiis eyes iu liumiliiition. But (JiddingB came close to him and laid bis hund on nis shoulder. Tbeu be put bis faoo closo to Philip's, with a drunkeu inau's faLseinoasui-oof distance. Tbo young man writ'icd at hip touch, ami held bis breath to nvuid taking tbe bot fumes of bad liquor the fellow exhaled. But he did uot dare to anger thu low a-eature. 'Did you think,' continued Giddings with gushing rcproachfulncss, 'that I aint got any consclcnee? You'll dobi' v.Tong. Mr. Breton. I aint got no right — no right to let it go od. Dia you think I aint got no coitsciuucoT Pbilip shook him off and his face grow so terrible that the follow winced as be had done before at that look. 1 'Dont strike— don't kill me, Phfl— Mr. Breton, I was only jokin'— cant you tall when a man's jokin'. Got any money trait dotbes,say$W; 'm awful hard up. I wouldn't hurt you: your altogether too nice feller.1* He leered affectionately at the young then suddenly he winked frightfully. Philip threw him a roll of bills. It was tbe last blood money tbe scoundrel would ever draw. By to-morrow morning Philip Breton and his wife would be beyond the reach of harm, or beyond the reach of help, oue or tbe other, 'There is $100; take it and go, I have business.' 'Ten. twenty, and twenty makes thirty, ten, and twenty and twenty, here aint but ?S0. Thought Ps too drunk to coun' did your 'There Is MO* there.' ' '8 lie. Yer Saldn' vantage me cause Itn drunk.' Tbis creature must be away If It cost $1,000. He crowded another $20 bill into the fellow's clammy band. 'Now go, or youll stay longer than you want to.' Giddings dried his tears and gathered his limp joluts together to go. But he insisted on Philip's shaking hands. But even after biddings bad got into the ball Philip heard tho fellow muttering to himself. He stepped hurriedly to the door of bis office to catch the word, but could not If Philip bad been a little quicker be would have beard this: 'Sometbin, up. I aint so drung but I ca' we tbat Guess 'sil g'up to the boy's bouse. His -wife '11 know me, ne, he.' Would Bertha never come? If they now it must be but by a hair's breadth. Ruin would bo close upon them. For tbe adjust ment of a ribbon she would sacrifice every thing. It seemed a groat while since Curran had left the office for tbe labor meeting, and be bad not so far to go. Something might have delayed the terrible disclosure for a few moments, but by tbis time ho must surely bivo heard the whole story of his shame and dishonor. It would stir bim to madness. His nof»t° eyes would flash lightnings, and thun derbolts of hate end scorn would drop from h^s lipi. No human 'beinp could stand against the divine dienfty of such a mail's righteous r.T;;lh. Philip fancied the mob sweeping up the mnd liehind this outraged busliand, seek ing out his wife for tbe doom that would sr.iisfy his mad thirst for vengeance. Now, perimiis, tbey were bursting iu the gates, now hiv.-iking down the oaken door. And Philip could not bo thero to protect the beautiful woman who had only sinned through love for him. How tbe color would flee ber cheeks as she looked out on the pitiless faces of the frenzied mob. There was no arm now to shield her, cone but Curran's, whose lore was now embittered into hate. There was no pity in his white, wasted face, only insulted love, only scorn that could grind her fair life, with out one throb of tenderness, beneath his feet Why did she not cornel Philip was almost wild with mingled terror and hope. He wulkcd the mom like a caged lion. Now he rushed to tbe door and glanced desperately up and down tbe street. Ilis holies wero c-hamping their bits at her door, hut tbe light vet, burned in her cham ber. Tbcro was hardly time to catclT the train nt the Lockout station. The wild mob with the maddened lover, tho most terrible of enemies, at their bead would be at her door in a momeut Still other dangers Philip did not gucsR threw a gathering shadow across her path. But sbo lingered yet CHAPTER XXXV. Mnrkft hall wns full of ereftcd workmen when Currnu pushed tbe door open and Etepp^l in. Koine would be orator had been S-ing to voice the wrongs of tbe people, but fn the i. hj-|*T ran along tbo scats that Cnrmn wux at the door every bead was turned. Then, as if by a common impulse, tho whole audience rose to their feet and the building seemed to tremble with the cheer that bum from tho brawny throats. Here was an orator indeed, a man who could set beforo tbi in their bufferings and wring their hearts with self pity; who could make each soul them wonder at bis own patience. He muds hi* way slowly up tue aisle with simple gjiH'tin^s for bis friends, as tbey btretehed out their grimy hands to bim. But his Kinilo wr.s bo sad aud hopeless that every glnd lom1 «ril-?rcd as he passed. He mounted tho platform end turned his face toward . them. He seemed but the ghost of his former magnificent manhood, but the people chcered bim ugaui, and those in tbo rear leaitod ui-on their scats in the eagerness to see their hero. Then all held their breath to lis ten; even the girls in the gallery stopped their excited whispering while they waited for his grand ringing tones that bad thrilled tbo faintest hearts so many times before, Would he never begin! 'What is this meeting forf Tbo orator bis coinuig had interrupted, was only too glad to explain. 'Wo don't get our rights. We get a little, but that's all, and we mean to fetch tbo voung bos to his milk to-morrow; dont we, ladsT A shout of eager assent went up from tbe crowd. Then oil was still again. Now would come tlie torrent of words of flame. Yes, Carran lrnd stopjted forward to tho very edge of tbojdatfonn, in his old habit But who was the fellow with bandaged head pushing bis way so rudely up tbo mam aisle, as it bo boie tidings? It must bo ill tidings to make bim in sucli haste. But Curran baa begun to speak. 'You are making a mistake, my frienaB— a great mistake. The young master bas done wefci by you, and he will do better, if yoa will give liim time to think. €uch mighty ideas as hove gat Into his mind can't be stopped. They will not let him halt loug ; be must bo swept forward. Bat you must wait for him. You have waited for your cruel and heartless wiitn thousands of years. Will you only show yourselves impatient and insolent to tbe first one who shows himself kind toward ytraf Do yoa want to make his twino ao example and a wanting for his clascf I have heard their scoffs and taunts already— the air la fall of them. Look, tbey say, at tbo way tba people treat tbe man who tries to help them. Fnimds, you ore making a terrible mistake.' But Curran had begun to speaic. Tbe light of the man's noblo genius had flushed nis palo checks aud flashed beauti fully in bis steel blue eyes. His voice, that had seemed weak aud unsteady as be be gan, nuig out its bell like tones again as he saw the sullen faces soften under his match less jpower. 'Ho bas mado your village blossom by his love; be has brought smiles to your weary children's faccs; be bas planted bope in a thousand desperate hearts. Do you ask mo bow I know? iKccitiuyoureycs. 1 see it in the way your bends rest on your broad shoulders. And will you uso your new manhood to do bim injury f But tho mnn with tlio bandaged bead bad reached tho platform, and al this very mo meut, when tbo orator paused to let his meaning sink into tbo hearts of tbo people, he touched Curran on the 6boulder ana whis Dcrod a few hurried wp- '» tn hi* ae* The peop'a 6aw thoir hero's face blanch. He turned to the fellow with a look tbat would break a man's heart, and scorned to lxs asking him a question. A? tho agitator lis tened to the reply his knees trembled under him and be sank into a chair, and still the messenger of evil bent over him and kept whispering with poisonous breath into his «sar. At last Bniles stood back from his vic tim, who lxiwcd hia bead upon bis hands. Ciirran'si w!.- ijn body shook with tbo violence The inert teople waited. They know noth ing else to li* Their hero might have died botore them, they would never havo thought to stir from (heir seats. But bo rose at last, nud Bailea grinned dinltoliually behind htm Tbev would hear auother story now. 'Friends, yon havo hoard what I said.' Ho spoko ns i a great weight was ujwu him and Jiis voio cauie slowly. 'I repeat it, bo l-aticnt with your young master; be means well by you.' But Onilcs rushed forward and, tearingthe I'NUdages fn -in his head, threw them upon tbe | latform at his feet Disease bad settled in his bruiseR and bis face was frightfully swollen and disfigured. He might havo been a^ glioul or a guomc insteaa of a human 'ifevenge him, men,' be screamed, throw ing up his arms, 'if you have any spirit in vou. I have just told him — some of you know jt — ho v tbat boy bas stole bis wife and i.pit on tbe '.iwp, as if thoy wero not for tbo i n:h like bir.i.' It \\.as move like a prom thon a shout that .vent up from llie crowd ln-foro him, which only waited a word ho:.i the bowed, broken man tliey loved, to become a bloodthirsty mt.b. '\\\ ould he give them tbat word? He had leai-di co his foot r.nd thrown out his long right nr/n in ito- grandest pasture, end I tio murmur of tho jteopli; died down, llis 1'aco was as white as a dv.nl nun's, an ashy white, but his eyes flashed lightniup. 'Whose wrong is ittben, uiia hideous crea turo's or mine ? I will bottle my own griev ances, I need no uiub to right me.' Then CuiTan pau-cd a moment. When he began agaiu it wi.3 hi a lower tone. 'Brides, the man is wrong,' his voice trembled like a child's. 'I have no— no.' lie almost broke down, 'I huvo no wife— I am — I am uot well, I must go to my l«d, but lk-foro I go I want to bo sure you will inr.ke no mistake to-night or to-morrow.' He folded bis aims amiss his brood chest in n sublime effort of self control. His bl-H)d lioilni in mad fever, every moment wa : v. orth a world to him, agonizing pictures floricd before hisdiiiuncd vision, but he would i ot stir from his itosttil) ho had conquers! Ibis molt, 'i'hiliu Breton has shown hims'-lf fair to you, lie fair with him. Jf he never did anotlir* thing for you — ho — he hns yet deserved you:- -your iwuiencc. You will oxeus'! me now, I will sen you to-morrow, but 1 need nist. Can I depeud on you?' Ho did not even look at them; Ills attitude, as he wnjted wiiii downcast eyes, was of a man who talks ii: his bleep. 'Y6s— yc,' shouted tho people, and then ho turned a:. d stopped o!L' from iho platform, lie came do vn the aisle very rtrongcly. At first lie wou.d hurry and noi:co i-.oone. Then, as if by a n.'ghty elTort, be would walk very slowly, then taster ngniu. Thi*;i ho would stop short and ,/ut out bis baud to bomo perfect stranger. Many i ve- n;itcj:e;i b;j:i fiiriojislv when be separated li -»u his eager Irieuds at tbe door of the hall .'nd w,i|\rvl rapidly nway. If CuiTau bad turned mT to the road tliat led to Philip Bret i n's house on tin' hill he would not havo ic far alone, but ho did not even look that w i\\- so long as the half tamed mob could Fee hi ii. And the |-cople scattered in disapjhiintnieiit to their homes. But. Cuit. :i is no longer walking in bis first direction; I. - ha - turned on his heel and made a rout' for niurr- lf across the f. his. His face is pointed l-Muml the lights that yet shine down nt liii.i from the stone houseon tbe bill. And tbe n ads nn* not btraight enough for the errand he is on, nor is walking fast enough, lie -miks into a run. Now be falls over a low lenoe m- violently that a limb might have lie.'ii broken, but be only lo6es his bat aud riu -i. on. hi* long hair shaking down ovw bis nai ? set face as he runs. His ureath couius Uke the pulling of a locomotive; be ean bear hi*- heart throb louder than his foot falls. What floes he see-k i What will he do when hu looks again ou bis faiihlues and dishonored wife and on tin- man who bas put this dead liest shame i|w,n bun? Punishment eon wipe out nothin; , vengeance never assuaged one pang of bur inn anguish yet But mercy or pity or ret son are fled from his maddened soul to-nigh:, while the furies whip him on. CHAPTKR XXXVL Tho drunken lawyer very nearly fell as he tried to step oil' th^ counting room piazza, and almost made up bis miud it would bo more desini . ile to lie down in somo6oft6pot and go to bl »i-, than tako tho long walk bo had set hinivlf. Hut tho cool breere sc^wXd to refri.-bh 'iiim marvelously, and iu another moment bo despised the green hollow under tho elm tl at liad looked 60 inviting, and hurried up toward Philip Breton's nouse. He shook l.is bead wisely as he walked. It took a pi-'itv smart man to get ahead of John Giddings. drunk or sober. The young mill owner wasn't nearly as frightened as usual. So.neihiu^ was in tbo wind. He ought to have wat- lied luin closer lately, but (jiddings ei iichidcd be was in good timo yet : with hi-cton :;i. one end of tbe village, ^iis ivifo at i lie olhur, aud himself, the acute - lawj-er, between them. Tbo lawyer bad walked as for as Silas Uiicfswortb's house, when bo au»ht rigM ?i n pair of horses on a fast trot, arawiog a I'.-sc coupe. Klegont pal s und chariots of i. .-f c?e*4K-vr/pti'oii Wrtre act so Coautioa la ifrotonvilln as to make it doubtful who might n«ni this one, nnd besides it must have been :ui occasion of peculiar nxwsity that colled lor such unaribtocrBtic bu^to. Giddings was ? ?I'riectly delighted with his own sagacity. lie knew human nature prettv well. W heD .. man gets another mat unplejsant Fit na tion, be must count on tho unfortuuate btruggling to cscupo. If It hupjvns tube a woman, he neeel not be so watchful— women are all fntalists. But it t - kes u pretty smart man to get ahead of Jobu Giddings. 'Whoa, whoa, 1 say.' The lawyer had thrown himself in frontof tbo excited horses, und the driver bad topull up to keep from running over him. 'Whoa, I say.' Then he Mepi»d to the door of the earring: and tuniint; tho knob threw it wide open. The moonli ;ht reveuled a woman surrounded with can*. 1 -md shawls. A thick brown veil conceabd her features, but Mr. Giddings took o!r his hat to licr. 'Abu. Breton, 1 belie va' 'Wbv yes,' she did not recognise liim, ??but I run iu a hurry,' she said nervously dinwiiig back. 'Drive ou Henry.' 'No, you don't,' insisted Giddings, mountr ing the steps. 'I guess you don't know me.' llis. liquor began to overcome bim arum, 'name s Giddings, aint gain' far, are you f 'To EurojM,' sbo answered quickly, recog nizing bim st last 'I have no furtbur occa :ion for^'Our services, 1 have paid you, 'Not s'mucb as your second husband's paid me since,' lie gurgled. 'If you're pom' m far, gutss I'll go to, I like your fainiJy, Miss i Breton.' 'Drive on, I command you, 'she ecrearood, ?.nd tlie horses started. Giddings lurched , lorward. and Bertha put cut her white hands and tried to push him back. He clutched, with an oath, at something to hold to, but 6bo loosened ber India sh^wl and the man . carried it with him into the ditch. But ho . leaped to bis feet i 'Hold! stop I police! police!' but Giddings ! Lad no sooner spoken than tho village police man laid h.s hnnrt on bis arm. 'Here I tun, on', that'll you have!' 'Stop that carriage; arrest that woman, she is a criminal,' Giddi sgs had shaken on the policeman's grasp and rairtedtorunaftui 'Yon m^t be very drunk,' said the other, overtaking him, 'that is Mr. Breton's wife.' 'I know that,' 6eroarood the lawyer, 'iini 1 tell - ou to stop Uer, let i.ie go.' 'Moro likely you're the criminal. Hall o hat you doing niih that lady shawl. Gut I'll buve to lock you up. Como along quid. But Giddings was portaeQy frantic. Bt I fought with his feet and hands, end with his teeth, kicking, tearing and biting like a wild 'Dont let her escape, 1 say. never mind uie. I'll give you a thousand dollars. I'll tear your heart out, you villain. Stop her, stop i « ? : Tho officer grew angry at last, and i.n-w his billet, but etili the fellow struggled und screamed like a wild creature, tillblow titer blow paralyzed his arms, aud finally ?fii.'tcbcd him unconscious and bleoding on the ground. ''.tremens,' growled the policeman, ash* liftod bim to his feet soon after, led hlB along, subdued at last Hut a woman had stood in her window as the carriage had rolled by, end sbe had reo rgnized tho equipage, too. A sudden changa came over her £»'x. 'Where art --»u gff*®g, Jennie!' Her hat band looked up calmly Irom his paper. 'Out a minute,' she hardly looked athlnk 'that iB all.' 'But it is almost 9 o'clock, my dear, what can you want outp Uer breath came fast, atid two bright red S]H-ts burnud iu her cheeks. Mr. Ellingsworth had never seen her eo pretty. He must keap li-Tboa few moments. He stepped to tba door und turned the key, then he put It in Ida pou-ket and threw him«rtlf back on his ohalr tsho faced him witb flashing eyes, dare you— am I your slave? Iwast l^er husband fettled down cozUy In hlfl and smiled his old brilliant smile, Bha h id uever seen bim laugh any more than tba tv-l of his acquaintances. He might, per Ikijk, have laughed before an intimate, oat men like Silos Ellingsworth have no intl 'How lorcly ytja are when yoa are uzgiy. 1 I have made a mistake in being eo ami able ^-ith you. What treats I have lo«L Aihy, you are lietter than an actress, my dear. Such coloring as yours does not nart the complexion.' Previous timo was flying ; the carriaga had rolled away out of Fight; her rictim had out witted her— hor have would bo balked far- ever, uud all for her husband's foolish e-n[)rice. She slumped her foot at him. 'I must go.' There was yet timo to rouse tba villagers, and fetch back the fugitives from justicc. Oh, what devil of stupidity IMXfsesMd her wise husband to-fiightf 'Oir» nie tbe key.' Hlie had come close to him, but she did not Fcream wbeu she was angry, her vi liti: grew low aud almost hoarse, 'or I will He find laid aside bis paper now, with cults a serious air, and Jano felt vaguely friklit* oiled ; she had never seen him sober with her. Could lie do any more than other* when they are angry? She did not reason about it; she only began lo be afraid of her own words. 1 Ii» was tbo only nature in the world could have tamed her so completely. Every moment Philip Breton's carriage was bearing the woman Jane bated to safety otui ]K-aeo that ber false heart had never de served. But there were fleeter horses in Bre tonville than his; tbey could be pursued; tbey could uo overtaken and dragged back in greater ignominy than ever. It would be more terrible for Bertha even than If the h!ow had como while she sat serene in her own home. To l« overtaken in flight would «*np ht-r shame. Jane threw herself into her husband's arms. She kissed his eyes, his mouth, bis white neck; she covered his siiiooih hands with kisses; twining her arms ubout his neck she lavished tho tenderest of ennvsMug epithets ou him. Then she drew lu-ix lf away. Her black hair had been part ly I'M) veiled, aud as she stood hung well aown her flushed cheeks. She had raised her and closjied them over her bosom; her lipe jutted; surely no human being can resist iUch wistful beauty as hers. 'l'leaso Jet ine go.' But before he could answer she heard a noise like thunder aud rushed to the window, h-lic sees nothin./, but the sound comes on nearer and nearer: it comes from the hilb Something whiu.- gleams in tho moonlight '-V bat do you see?' asked Mr. Ellingsworth etuvlessly, returning to his newspaper. i^be holds her breath. Nearer it comes, l'hilip's white horse Joe on a uiad gallop. But Philip is not upon him. Who is that nd«r, witb long. uii --ovei-cd hair and pale, haggard face? lie strikes the maddened ani 1'inl every moment for better speed, though n i v.- they seem flying faster than the wind. The man Is Curran. Lot be his own CHAPTER XXXVII, The Breton carriage bad passed the last hww iD the village, when Philip leaned out for 0:12 last look at the home of bis childhood oud the scene of tbo only work be should ever tli j. lie wns almost a boy yet; it seemed ouly n fowdnys sinco ho bad looked ot the grout world only us a play ground. It was a short work bo bad done in tbe few days of his manhood, and even that had been con demned. Dear old mills, with their bold towers and massive walls, but his no louger, llis heritage was sold, Id's 1 ?Lhrightlost He could bear. P§n thc^liilMiar'lfahov^ the vil luge be saw for the last time, as tbe road 1 uound ofT toward Lockout, bis house, that v.us. 'J)oserl.ed'' seemed wn ten oil its stone wails. It laid never looked so noblo to bim, \Mjrt of halo teemed i«- float above it. He lvuIJ see tlie window of tho room where be ??v:is bom. but f- -r « ' - ;t a worthless life. 'Li-od-by,' ho n: murcil. The road as it ?.-i.lowtd the v.indii..i riwr made another . , .i. mid the li^bis ui the village were bhut . .. .. j lrum hiaiuisty e^i.-s. Tbe horses wer^ trot-ting at thoir best Hiere was none too much time. J; »n-farbeltfirtbf-2-)tehatl hoped. Th» Inngi-rs had gnthered ho thicklv, there hud -enicd ot our I iine hnrdly more tlion a chance tor eseai»o. Peril seemod on every httlldj ?retch out their hands to stop the fugitives, lut tho village was far behind now. A few moments more and tbe steaming horses would draw up nt the Lockout station, and they would be whirled away faster thau any pur suer to peace and safety and honor. 'How odd it ali is, setting out in tbis way ns if we were eloping.' Philip wos reaching forward to tako bor hand, but he drew back, as if be were Rtun^. How u-iTibly thoughtless she was. 'I explained about tho steamer's early 'Do you know,' resumed Bertha softly, uow pleased I am to have this trip to Eu ro) » I It is a sort ot wedding journey isn't How good God had been, to lot him keep Jhe awful truth from ber. It would have crushed ber. tho very thought of ber shame. It was crushing bun. 'I shall enjoy it very much,' Bhe said, put ting out her hand to bim, in unusual fon.i ness. 'I nui afraid I haven't returned your goodness very well.' No more she had 'Where shall we go flintf' 'To tho south uf r'rauce, God willing,' ho added solemnly. Bertba looked at bis face with a new anx iety. The moonlight Beemod to bring out nil tho marks of his terriblo care and sufl'erir,; But be gtuod at her in astonishment; ho* pyes for him. Was her heart soften would she yet ni ke up to bim in ber new love all tbat be lost for her uke! But h::r lips were moving. 'I shall Iks 1-etter with you than I used be. I— I— 'she dropped her eyes before hi* |»sdonato joy, the sadness had gone in on instant from his fnce, his future seemed beau tifully radiant agoio. 'I feel different to ward you, dear.' He bent fot ward to draw her to his heart He was paid for everytbinr. He bad taught his wife to love bim as ho dreamed she could love. She bud lifted her rapt face toward his. It had come — the moment be bad given his life for. But suddenly his heart 6tonpod beating: there vras a sound of a galloping horse. Philip ki^od his wife, but as solemn ly as if bhe ''err dead, und put ber away from bim. nc le:-nod forward and looked back over tho t oud thoy bad come. Hosawnotbiug at first, but ho board tl-» sound of a bora's hoofs. Ho put bis bead : x out Jt mj;;bt buve been a white speck iu the road, but as bu looked the spock became larger aud cliunr. It was a white horse, at a dead run on tlieic course. Philiu fi&cis;^s heart, tbat bad just been aJiuoi:; 'uuif-IinK with its new happiness, vas tt yr.vit, cold stone in his breast. And lie fancicd ho could eocape, ttitli enemies like bis and a whole vil lage*gtiin£t hi^j. He could see ouly one pur suer, 'Ah, be knew who it must bo. Aud thatpurstior crew nearer every moment. 'Drive faster,' he shouted to tbe coach man, -'nin the horses.*? How Uke the wind bis parsner camo. Philip had thought there was but ono horse that QOiild leap bo mightily. Why this was that one, his own horse Joe. Why it might be a Servant from Ma home with sometiiiag; that had been forgotten. It need uot bo tho wont peril his fancy could picture But be dared not hope. 'Ittrt this delightful,' exclaimed Bertha, 'There can't be any danger of our missing the 1Mln at thia rate . * 'Whip your hom; dont pparo them— last*.'' If anything- should brail' - troubles woold«ll end that night. /? m rain on the harnesses and the groan i: - wosbe yooS^Il- calculation of Un ... .^ra. The nonet, too, had got past tbe coj-.irol of the drivttv- fie bad - no more occasion to orgo the WDd creatures ; instead, he was pulling at tba teins with all his strength, but to no pur pos^ latQep t bp far he hadkept them in tbe The rider of the white bone was hatless, and Mils long, loose hair and his swinging band, as be 6ta*uck the panting white flanks ot tbe'-orse, gave him en uncanny look as if there were no deed of horror too blood curd, ling far him to do. Tbe horse dropped big flakis of foam from bis moath. foam mingled Withstood; his eyes and nostrils were dilated with «gony; his breathing was like fierce gusts -2 wind in a temjjest. Philip Breton knew. the rider ae woll as the horse. His pur suer was Curran; and the Implacable laws made him yet tbe husbbnd of tbe woman whtito Philip Breton bad made his wife. TDtty-were almost at Lockout Tbe car riage gave a terrible lurch at a tern in the road. The horses were almost taken off their feet, tm t ftili there was no accident \ the win. dowp o£ -the carriage grazed tbe solid wall of rock without being broken, and in a moment the-hoi'--^. now subdued, were trotting down theldU toward the city. Bat the fugitive had hardly escaped the cut tforou?'i the rocks when the pursuer en tered He had almost overtaken them. He struck tbe horsed whit© flanks a pitiless blow. It was at the very spot where Curran had eaved Bertha's life from the mad dog, that the old horse, forced beyomd his strength, rtopped oB if lightning had struck bim. The blow welled in torrents from bis mouth and nostrils- he quivered like a leaf , and then feU'dead iu his tracks. Tbe rider shot over tbo cn-^ature's head witb the gathered mo mentum of that -wad race, and struck tbe jagged rock with a sickening crash. Curran was dead. 