; SENSATIONAL DIVORCE CASE. — - " - . The Ghost Walks in Kiama. The Hotelkeeper's Wife, the Brewer, and the Storekeeper. aJIO.OOO Damages Claimed — Some Clarice Ziocalities — A Charge of Cozmivauco. j®tlE divorce suit Bussell v. Bussoll, Hunt and Stevenson co-respondents, was com mencod hotore Mr. Justico Windeyer .and' a Special jury of 12 yesterday. I Petitioner (cross-examined by Mr. Bar ton): Did not know Hunt till about two nffjM- nninn tn TT i n mn Tftwiw MlH tTohn Honey, of Kiiuna. I Mr. .Breton: Did you tell lier on February 34 thst you had been aware for a \h>!g while of what had beon going on with iHuntt | Petitioner : I did not, hut young Honey , told me ho suspected it before. I never said X had an anonymous letter about my wife I five months before. ) Honor: Did yon get an anonymous clatter at all! > Petitioner : Yes, about IS months before. !X told several people about it. \ Mr Barton: Have you got tho letter? Petitioner : No. I have torn it up. It was a disgraceful thing, all about my father .< and mother and her people, and that Hunt ,was with my wife in Sydney. At the time X got tho letter Hunt was in the bar, and I 'didn't believe it. Did not remember a Mrs. Sutherland in Kiama in March last, nor a lady who came to Storey's Hotel at that .time. f Mr. Barton : Did you tell her that if yon got damages from Stevenson you would lore-marry your wife, i Petitioner : It's a lie, sir. / Mr. Barton : Did you ever toll anybody hat? / Petitioner: Never in my rational senses mentioned such a thing. For three or four tdayB after I found it out I didn't know (What I was saying. ) Mr. Barton : Do you think when you were not in your rational senses you might have said it? | Petitioner : I never said it in my rational ' senses, and, if I did, it was pover my intention to carry it out. I would have gone to gaol first. . I knew James Hunt, the co-respondent's brother, and saw Jiim the day after February 23. ) Mr. Barton : Did you say to him you (Were very sorry you had caught his brother, and that if you got damages against him (you would return it to him, but the person 'you wished to catch was Stevenson, i Petitioner : No sucli thing. At that time X had no suspicion of Stevenson. I 'Do you know tho Rev. Mr. Price ? — Yes. ' Did you ever tell him, about five months before you turned your wife out of doors, that you had recoivcd an anonymous letter to tho effect that your wife had committed adultery with about half-a-dozen men ? — It's an infernal lie. .-Then if Price says you did, ha is an in fernal liar. He is. I never mentioned that I susnected . Stevenson. I know Owen Mnlonc, small contractor. Did he say you must have been n fool to allow it to. go on so long? — I can't remem ber, but several liave told me bo sinco. i Did you say that in answer that you were no fool, that you could have got' Hunt long before, but you wanted to get Stevenson ?— I have told scverl that Stevenson is tho man I ought to make suffer, but I don't remem- bor saying it to Mrs, Mnlone. I know Mrs. Anderson, wife of a groom of Malonc's. Did not . tell her on February 24 or shortly after 'that I wanted Stovenson instead of Hunt. Did not tell her he did Buspect Hunt, and that ho could not get anything of him but that he could out of Stevonsoni ; Did you say that you did not know what you would do if you didn't get something out of Stevenson, as you wodld bo a done mou in Kiaina? — Nonsense — couldn't' have said it. Never said I had been- 'iwaiting a long time to catch her. I knew James Blagbuan in the E.S. and A.C. Bank. Did you toll Blaghurn. on the night of February 23, that what had happened that night had put a few thousand pounds in your pocket ? — I don't remember saying' it. I may have said it, but I didn't expect to .get, anything out of either of them. ' i Was not 'your wife's conduct the subject of' frequent conversation, both in ihe bar and at your table ?— No. Had never heard any remarks of the kind worth noticing. Was as a rule only in the bar from 9 p.m. till closing time seldom went upstairs to tho dining- room.- There used to ho a good' deal of music there. My wife played very nicely. It was principally - a commercial travellers' house. - .The sample-room was at the back near jthe hilliard-rooni, which was detached. There was one bedroom in the passage leading from the front, of the house to the hack. .. .- A man named Lang built the bil liard-room and ronted the ground. , Mrs. .Lang was not employed ut the hotel. Long did hot say, in 1880, referring ' to tho respondent : " I have Been enough, ' us a married man, in- your hotel, to disgust me." I , Re-examined by Mr. Ralston : After ray .wife's confession I begnn to look for evi- 'denee against Stevenson, und Annie Ander son -was the veiy oiie who put me on to tho chief withessirbut she. wanted £100 togive evidence, and I refused to give it to her. '> James Walker; groom to Mr. Russell, the petitioner, said lie had been with liim about . six .months. Recollected the 23rd February. Saw Mrs. Russell go to the outhouse, and Hunt followed lier in. Witness was behind it,- and near the stables. Saw .Russell, conlo up from the bar about five ininutos after Mrs. Russell and Hunt had met. Witness also saw Mrs. Russell come out, and saw Russell talking to Jaincs Hunt (tho broker) outside the billiard-room door.- Mrs. Russell wanted Russell, to come iiito the house as she had something particu lar to say to him, and he replied Vsayit here." Russell then wont to the outhouse, und saidSvlioever was in to keep him in.' He sent' for Mrs. Russell, ana witness went for an axe. Just as he got hiaek Hunt was running away. Boforo this Boon after he went there lie frequently saw Miu Russoll' and Hunt in the outhouse. Russell would either be sorving in the bar »r away from the house. Also saw them together .'in tho stablo. Had seen Steven-, son '. and Mrs. ' Russell ouee leave ! tho Btablo since' -Christmas, about- 8 in\th'o evening.'. Ono night after 11p.m., when Russell was away in Sydney, witness saw i' Mrs. ' Rustell open, the door und let Stevenson hi." Was about tho hotel for an hour or so, but did not oco Stevenson come out. Hudsecu Mrs: Russellgo to Stevenson 'spluce. She used to generally go after dark, and enter thaback- gate... Saw Mr. Russell talking to Stevenson liter she was turned out. It was on tlie sight of February 23. He heard Stevenson |ell her she ought to clear out from liim, as le would be glad to get her back in a week's fime. . Cross-examined by Mr. Rolin > Also went by the name of Callaghan. Never told , Russell about what he had observed. Mrs. Russell's conduct with Hunt was not bo much talked about in the hotel, but it was the common talk of tho town. The store was about 400yd from tho hotel. Any one could acc Mrs. Russell go in tliorc. Did not recollect over seeing anyone else. Story's hotel was neqt door, and Mrs. Russell had to hums in front of it to gat to the hotel. To a juryman ; N ever tolil anyono that ho could rocollcct about seeing Mrs. Russoll go to thiB Btorc. John Wood, storekeeper at Kiama, in roply to Mr. Ralston; said that lie had known tho RussoIIb five years, and Stovenson for 12 or 14 years. Had known Hunt sinco his birth. Mrs. Russoll camo to witness' storo to deal. He had a conversation witli taw about a year ago, when ho advised her to discontinue going to Stevenson's place at night, and not to be so familiar with Stovenson and Hunt. He told her she was not only talked of all over Kiaina, but at Nowra as well. Shu said sho had tried sovcral times to avoid both Stevenson and Hunt, but they were continually on her track and slio couldn't.- His Honor, in response to an objection by Mr. Rolin, said that the respondent's state ments were no eviilenco against tho co respondents, although it might bo against her. Witness said he had seen Mrs. Russell enter Stovcnson's store by tho back gate. Recollected February 23, when late at u ght Mrs. Russell camo to his house, and asked liim if lie could lot her have a bed. Asked her what had happened, and she said "George has accused me of being witli Hunt." She then came in, and witness" said, "If you had taken my advice you would not have been turnod out." She said, " I wish to God I hod." Stovenson passed at the time, and saidgood night to witness. She said, "Who's that?" Witness replied, "Harry Stoven son," and then she went out on to the verandah. Stevenson came up to lier and asked her what had happened. She re peated her story. Stevenson said, "He's very cruel ; he must be mad." He ad vised her to get tho baby, and Bho said sho would. In conversation with Stevenson sho denied all connection with Hunt. Witness went to Russell and asked liim if lie would be offended if he gave lier a room. Russell said, ' 'I don't care whether you give her a room or not ; I've done with her. " He refused to givo lier a room, and then she came up and asked for tho baby. Tho baby was handed over. Mrs. Russoll stayed at his storo that night. Next morning MrB. Russell asked liim to go to Russell and try and square it. She then gave him details of her intimacy with Stevenson. He wanted somo beer after liours. At first she refused, hut after wards let him in. He then said it wasn't beer that he wanted. . She entered into many other particulars which will not bear repetition. On the Saturday night (February 23), Stevenson was very excited and trembling. Saw Stovenson a day or two afterwards, and told him that his name (Stevenson's) was connected with the scandal. Ho said, "That must he old Tory said that," and that if she had said anything of that kind lie would shoot lier. Cross-examined by Mr. Rolin : Never said to Bennett, Stevenson's carter, just after tho row, that he would get all Russell's busi ness. Denied that lie said to Stevenson that it was only a money affair. Did not toll Stovenson that Russell told him (Wood) ho would do all he could to incriminate Steven son. Did not tell Mrs. Russell that if she con fessed lier husband would take her back. He always said he wouldn't take her back. Know the Majors in Kiama. ' Witness had advised both the Majors to keep out of Russell's hotel. Mr. Rolin : Was her liamo ever men tioned in connection with you ? Witness : Not in my hearing, hut I believe it has hcen said. I would liko someone to say it who is worth-money. Was never ina washhouse with Mrs. Russell in 1884. Is it true that in March, 1884, Mrs. Lang found you in the washliouse with Mrs. Russell under very suspicious circum stances ? — It is not. Is it a fact that you once said to Mrs. Lang that you would have carried on with Mrs. Russell, but you were afraid Russell was looking for a rise ? — I never said any thing of the sort. To Mr. Ralston : There was no foundation for the suggestion made. The luiTior had arisen from the fact that Mrs. Russell was a very jolly' woman, and when ever she came into his storo sho was always joking and laughing. Amy Shaw, employed until recently at Russell's hotel, said sho had been there for seven months. The first thihg she noticed between Jack Hunt and Mro. Russell was seeing him kiss lior undertlie stairs. Thenoxt thing she noticed was oil one occasion when sho was sitting in the coachhouse and saw them go into the stable together. She did not wait, but ran and told the other girls. In February sho saw them go into a bed room on the verandah. They were there about a quarter of an hour. Mrs. Russell sent ' her for a needle-ease to get her out of the way. At another time saw Mrs. Russell and Jack Hunt in the little room under the stairs. Mr. Ralston : What happened when you took the baby down to Stevenson's place? Witness : He said the baby's socks were too thick, and took them off and put on a worked pair. (Laughter.) Then he kissed the baby and asked me to leave it. I wouldn't, hut said I would another time. He was very fond of the baby, and often said he wished it was his. Do you recollect anything about the baby's bottlo? — Yes; one day I was going to give the baby its bottlo at the hotel when Stevenson was there. Ho tasted it, and said that it was too hot. (Roars oflaugliter.) To Mr. Ralston : Stevenson very often asked me to bring the child down. Lizzie Graham was nurso at Russell's in last September, and stayed till Christ mas. Saw Hunt kissing Mrs. Russell on tho back verandah 'last November. One evening, when Russell was away, witness noticed Stovenson lying on the couch in the private dining-room. He had a paper over his face. He remained till after 11. Two other gentlemen wore - thoro, .but \vent out. Stevenson .remained. When she wont to bed Stevenson was still there. _ Mr. Russoll slopt in the next room to wit ness. Witness sat up till Mrs. Russoll came upstairs, as she thought it strange that! she was not allowed to carry tho baby to bod as usual. .The door of witness' room was . a little open. : ' ; ' His Honor : In point of fact, you wore watching to see what was going on? . ; Witness : Yes, sir. Mr. Ralston : What did go on ? , - Witness: I saw Mrs. Russell pass the door,: followed by Stovenson, ; wlio wus carrying the baby, and had his hat, coat, and boots; off. They went - into Mrs. Russell's bodroorp , and looked tho door. Did not see Stovenson come out. Noxt morning Mrs. Russell said she had a job to get .Stevenson away. . Was the child liko Stevenson? (Witness only laughed.) y - Was it like the other children ? No, it was not. (Laughter.) . i. Kathleen Hughes had been, at Russell's. Binco August 15 last year. , Saw Hunt.one night, about 10.30, kissing Mrs. Russell, and shortly afterwards saw them togother hi tho parlor under the stairs. . Had.also seen them together in a bedroom off the verandah about 8.30 p.m. Witness had. oliargb of .tho keys of tho bedrooms. Slio' locked this bedroom, , and hung all the keys up in the publio. dining-room. The kby was mis sing soon after, and on her asking Mrs. Russell if she knew anything about it she. pulled it out of her pocket. .Witness asked her who had boon sleeping in theroom,asthebcd was so disordered, and she said no one., Sho corroborated the previous witness as.to JSteyeiison's delicato, attentions to the baby andthe baby's bottle. Sarah Jane Arkinstall was housemaid at Russoll's in February and March, 1888. Stevenson used to como there frequently. Quite accidentally ' witness came on liim and Mrs. Russell kissing one evening on the front balcony. One evening Rus sell went away, and about 4 o'clock next morning witness heard Mrs. Russell's bedroom window open, and she saw a man coming from Mrs. Russell's window carry ing his boots in his hand. It was Harry Stevenson. While at Tory's Hotel witness' bedroom lookod over Stevenson's back yard, and there wus scarcely a day Mrs. Russoll wasn't thoro.. One Sunday morning Mrs. Russell got over Tory's back fence and crossed the yard to tho side street. It was about fi.30 to 7 o'clock in the morning. Cross-examined by Mr. Rolin : Pretty nearly overyone seemed to know about Mrs. Russell s visits except Mr, RuBsell, It was tho talk of Kiama. . . vy; Elizabeth Alison attended. Mrs. Russell when the last baby was born. A few days after found Harry Stevenson upstairs, sitting on the side of the bed. Slio got very excited, and said, " What tho h — 1 do you do tliei-o?" (Laughter.) - He then went away. About half an hour later found a small parcel of ribbons on tho dressing- table. Mrs. Russell said Stevenson had left them. Daviil Graham gave corroborative evidence in reference to limit. Patrick Byron, blacksmith, detailed what ho hud seen between Mrs. Russell and Hunt in the outhouse, stables, and the bedrooms. Ho used to see Stevenson in tho privato dining-room having drinks with Mrs. Russell, and ono evening ho saw Mrs. Russell "mugging" Stevenson behind the door. To Mr. Rolm : Never told Russell anything, because thoro were plenty of others who knew it, and ho didn t seo that ho was specially called on to interfere. Mr. Justice Windeyer: Did you ever see anything to lead you to suppose that Russell did not know anything about it. Witness : I am sure he didn't. Did he connive, do you think ? No. i This closed the case for the petitioner. Mr. Rolin, in opening tho cuso for the co-rcspondunt Stovenson, put in a certificate showing that Mrs. Anderson, a witness, was unable to attend, and then put iii .her evidence taken on commission. Mrs. Anderson's evidcnco was that she had seen Mrs. Russell under suspicious cir cumstances with Hunt. Russoll had told her he wanted to get Stevenson, and that he was a done man in Kiama if he couldn't. She said that she would not for £100 bo mixed up in the case. Did not tell Russell that unless he would make it worth while and give lier £100 sho would say no more. Russell said lie would bring her toSydney. Tho cfi'cct of seeing Russell at this time iu Kiama was to make her very ill. Had never seen anything between Russoll and Harry Steven son to cause suspicion. Denied tolling Lizzie Graham anything about cither Stevenson or Hunt and Mrs. Russell. The court then adjourned. , BT i — / i. - The following appeared in our late editions of- ' yesterday.) 