. Answers to Secularist Objections. Below we print a lecture or rather the first portion of it, by Mr. H. G. Picton, the well known anti-infidel lecturer, in reply to one de livered in the Gaiety Theatre, Sydney, in the early part of 1887, by Mr. Collins, a secularist lecturer, then recently from England. It deals luoidly with the favorite secularist ob jection that the geneologies of Jesus given in Matthew and Luke do not correspond, and shows that they do not contradict bat instead corroborate each other, taking different lines of descent, lhe lecturer also deals with other popular objections, and we ask parents to put this lecture and such as this, into the hands of their sons and young men open to the attacks of infidel sophistries. The lecture is interesting as well as instructive. Four other replies by Mr. Picton to the secularist cbatupion above mentioned, have been published in small pamphlet form at Id. eaoh, but are now out of print. The lecture below however has not we understand been published bofore. MR. PIOTON'S LECTURE. , . Ladies and Gentlemen, — Last Sunday night, the Infidel lecturer took for his subject >, "Jeans Christ." As might be expected hi;, presentation of that Incomparable One of . history was a coarse caricature. As usual ba - had a few " preliminary remarks " to offer—., one was the very novel announcement that this . Liberal (?) Association had resolved upon having a Hospital Sunday — ' this (said he) I. . am delighted to hear " — so indeed was I — that "the movement was in fit hands" — surely the lecturer was speaking sarcastieal ly, that," it . would redound to the honor of Freethinkers - to have it said that Hospital Sunday had been , started by them" — so indeed it would. If. ; (and a big " if " it is) suoh a movement had . originated with them. But they wore & long; , . long way behind the start. How ignorant these gentlemen are of faots. Instead of - leading in such a movement he onght to havs known that they were only following — . following the good example set them by tho ; \ Christian churches. For this we blame them not, bat commend them — what we blamo . them for is for attempting to palm off their '. following aa a leading. He also was condescending enough to ssy : that if any Baptist, Wesleyan, or other- l. minister would puthishand in hisinthismover: - ment, only think of the honor! he kind soul) would warmly grasp it. (Laughter.) What overwhelming magnanimity on his parfe Well, it is high time that the Liberal (?) Association made a start to do something' liberal, for up to the present all that they have done ie talk, talk, talk, nothing but talk. (Applause.) The only liberality they hav» manifested, for which they oan justly b» credited has been in their aouudant abuse of the bible, Christ, and christians. And so tbft infidel lecturer, would warmly grasp the hand of any minister who wouid join him in starting a Hospital Sand&y; — would he?— — what amazing condescension on his -part ? and what a distinguished honor for the ministers to have their hands warmly shaken" by a man, who the same night insinuated that they were thieves ? Another preliminary remark was (as is hie custom) to pour out the vials of his red hot. wrath upon my devoted head, but you see X : am none the worse for it. Poor man, it pleased him and did not hurt. me. (Laughter.,. ;'r and applause. - . ! He said "he would notice a subject of weakly or sickly interest — "a certain individual who had already earned a name, said he intended to dog my footsteps — just what a car should do," and (then looking at .. me said), " Dont you know cur that a " dog follows bis master? So go on Sir — go on V cur — follow your master." I mention this circumstance to shew what highly refined nd. polished gentlemen infidelity makes of. to votaries — also the conclusive' proof . t.. v furnishes of his utter inability to refute my arguments and statements, or to defend bio . own utterances— for certain it is — he would never be so foolish as to spend his time in personal abase, if be could defend his own position or overturn mine. (Hear hear, ; nd Applause). The Secularist lecturer theta proceeded. " I " now address myBelf to a character well known in history — a character who deservedly or un deservedly occupies ia civil eociety a promin ent place— is a prominent figure in the history of the world— I touoh this figure with deepest feelings of reverenoe and with no light heart. Reply — I confess these remarks pleased ran much — I began to hope that he intended for once to deal with his subject in a decent and respectful manner — bat in this I was disap pointed—for the sequel will show that the. true state of his feelings were thd very opposite to " deepest reverence " — his remarks throughout his lecture were coarse jests and vile caricatures of Gospel history. The Secularist leotarer (holding in his hand a New Testament) said — " this book contains the only reliable and authentic history of this-, character — on this book I build my 'criticisms. \- — I shall take the brief of my opponent and show that this obaracter will not bear the- ... light, of criticism. It is usual in speaking of the history of a person to speak about hie birth and ancestry — now we read in Matthew that Abraham begat Isaac, and then we have a. number of begats and begats, till it comes to Jacob begat Joseph, and he was supposed tor be the father of Jesus, but who was not his. father at all. ' When we come to Lake he- gives a line of descent altogether different to> Matthew, bat of course that doesnt matter you, know — he goes baok to Adam — all for what if Joseph was not the father of Jesus? Christians say, one traces through the ancestry of Joseph, the other through the ancestry of Mary, bat this is not true. Reply — It is an easy matter to say a thing; is not true — much easier than proving it to be- untrue. Gentlemen who pose as lreethought lecturers surely ought to know that when so positive a statement is made it is naturally expected that some reasons backing up the statement shonld be advanoed — but no reasons: whatever were put forth by the lecturer — - Bare assertion may satisfy freethinkers (so called) when made by their looturers, but. Christians require something more than assertion. It is quite certain that Matthew and Luke give two distinct lines of pedigree, from David — one coming down through the reigning line — the other through the private line — the one through Solomon — the other through Nathan — both sous of David— both, lines however meet in Salatbiel and Zorobabel |and branch off again in ftUcsa a d Abiud and meet again Joseph the husband of Mary — We/ have the. pedigrees teen-fore of two persona connected with Jesus — Who can those persons be if they are not the Mother and reputed. Father of Jesus? — a little knowledge con cerning Jewish laws and customs relating to; anartiage and heirship will affdrd an easy xplacation of these two genealogies— Under Jewish law land could not be alienated front the family — the proof of title to inheritance depended upon pedigree — pedigrees were therefore public records, and it wee no doubt to these public documents that both Matthew and Luke had recourse. A man dying without issue, bis brother, or next of kin, was required to marry the widow to raise up seed to the deceased, and the eldest child of such. XDBrriage stood in the place and pedigree of the deceased. In the case of a man having n& inula issup but a daughter . only— as females did not rank in pedigrees— on her marriage her husband ranked in her father's pedigree— he stood to his wife's father as his aom— he became his son -in-law — and his name would appear in both his natural father's and father in-law' s pedigrees. Mary evidently was the daughter of Heli — and here I would observe that the Jewish Talmuds eo speak of -her—she consequently was Heli's heiress, «nd» this idea harmonizes with Luke's testimony concerning her' accompanying Joseph to Bethlehem, the city of David to. be. enrolled with her husband on the occasion of the.; census decreed by Csesar Augustus.— Joseph was the natural son of Jacob but the son-in- law of Heli. The pedigreeB continued wonld have appeared thus : — Mary'sline or J oseph's Joseph's Natural line. . father-ln-law's line. ; " Matthew." "Luke;"-' Jacob Heli Joseph Joseph ' ' ' ' Jesus ' ; Jesus Apsimilari circumstance :i will account for andezplainslhe meeting of the two pedigrees S3 Salathieband Zorobabel; : : : . '-! 1 / "Luke." 1 j Jeconias Neri ...jSalathiell Salathiel ;i Zorobabel Zorobabel AnotheVfa'ct of Jewish usage I would men tion is that an adopted son stood as lawfully in the pedigree of the adopter as did a natural son . The Evangelists therefore shew the-deecent of Jesus from David'in a twofold manner. Luke give his natural descent through his mother's line, and Matthew his legal descent through Joseph his reputed or Itgal father's line. I quite agree with the lecturer that " everything depended upon the ancestry of Christ " — but what does the " everything " mean? Why just this, that in order to pirove that JesuB was the promised ISeseiah it was necessary to prove that he was the son of 'David, for as such' the Messiah waB prophesied. His genealogy from David has never been questioned by the Jews, though could they have questioned it, they undoubtedly would have done so. The Gospels also shew that, the populace greeted him aB the son of David. " Hosanna to the son of David 1" they sang as they strewed the road with palm branches. Paul was quite satisfied aB to hiB Lord's descent from David, and he had every opportunity of satisfying himself by the public recordB. (Applause.) p Infidel Lecturer. — You have to say that Joseph did not beget Jesus. Reply. — Just so, who but infidels say to the contrary ? Matthew does not say that J oseph " begat" Jesus, neither does Luke. If our friend had looked at his brief he would not have knocked his head against this imagined contradiction. I.' Lecturer. — Matthew or whoever wrote the GoBpel; wrote all about the courtship of Mary and Joseph. Reply— Indeed 1 Where ? — in which chap ter? He must have picked up some stray brief, for most certainly this piece of infor mation is not to be found in the brief he jprofessed to take up. Or perhaps, poor man, hiB vision is becoming confused, if so he is to be pitied. I. Lecturer. — Now Mary had married J oseph the carpenter. After the marriage Joseph had a painful charge to make against her, he had discovered her unfaithfulness. Reply. — Wrong again, whatever ailB our friend, he certainly does not use his eyes ; if he does, he should go to school again and learn to read correotly. Where in his brief does he read that "Joseph had discovered her unfaithfulness," these are fair specimens of the gross perversions and misrepresentations with which infidel lecturers gull and delight their ignorant audiences. I. Lecturer. — Then we read that an angel appeared to Joseph in a dream and told him not to fear to take Mary his wife, for that whioh was conceived in her was of the Holy Ghost. And he believed it 1 Would any modern Joseph believe it ? No, not for Joseph Reply, — Whatever any modern Joseph may believe, certain it is that Joseph the husband of Mary must have had evidence sufficiently strong and clear to satisfy his own mind on the subject and that was qnite sufficient for him ; and what is more, subse quent events fully justified him in so believ ing, — the unique character of Jesus, the numer ous miracles he publicly wronght, and finally bis resurrection from the dead proved him to he, not the son of Joseph, nor the son of any man, but the Son of God, the Immaculate Conception and the Resurrection from .the Dead therefore harmonize. If Jesus were the "8onof God " that he should be thus con ceived and born is perfectly consistent and reasonable, Had the record stated that Mary ; told Joseph that an angel told her to tell him that her condition was of the Holy Ghost, what a prodigious fuss and noise our infidel Josephs would have made over it ? But it so happens that the angel appeared and spoke unto Joseph himself. I. Lecturer.— " Luke leaves out all the dry arid dirty details." Reply. — That's a great disappointment, to our infidel friends, they would have liked such details as are to be found in their " bible " "The Elements of Social Science" and "The Fruits of Philosophy." A man that can see any "dirty details " in Matthew's account of the birth of Christ must be the unfortunate possessor of a very unclean or disordered mind. The lecturer then proceeded to notice the account of the vision of angels to the shep herds on tbe plains of Bethlehem. "It was (said be) a silent night and the Bhepherds were watobing their flocks in the fields at a time when they did not have their flocks out at all !" Reply — How profoundly clever ? What a terrible loss our friend will be to the Free- thought world, when he is dissolved into gases? What loud lamentations willbebeard? From whence obtained he the precious infor mation that tbe shepherds were watching their flocks in the field at a time when they did not have their floclcs out at all? Certainly not from his brief, for that tells him quite the contrary. Poor man ! in his confusion he must have picked up an infidel bogus brief and read from that. (Laughter and applause.) I. Lecturer — Then we are told about a host ofangelB shoeing about "Glory "and peace on earth." Has this song ever been fulfilled ? ,Did not Christ himself say that he came not to bring peace but a sword ?— to set father 'against son. Hbb not bloodshed and violence been the outcome of tbe birth of Christ ? Reply— To the first question " has this song even been fulfilled "—I unhesitatingly reply yes certainly, in myriads of instances, and is still being so fulfilled. What was the song? Peace and goodwill towards men Peace and goodwill from whom? Why from God ; and every true Christian can say, " being justified by faith we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ." Taking it as goodwill among men, it has been, and is still' being fu'filled. What I ask, has raised up the innumerable multitude of noble and benevolent institutions and societies with which the world iB graced? what but the sympathy, the kindness, the goodwill of men. and women whose hearts have been touched and moved by the love of God in Christ Jesus. (Applause.) To the second question. " Did not Christ himself say that he came not to bring peace but a sword," I reply, He did, but what did' he mean ? Did he mean that he came to teach his followers to persecute and slay their foes-? Or did he mean that his discipleB would have to suffer for maintaining their principles ? Well let us look at the context for that is tbe way to conduot fair and honest critioism, the matter is to be found in the 10th chapter of Matthew, verse 16, " Behold, I send vou forth as sheep in the midst of novds," not as wolves in the midst of sheep, a« our friend would have you read, be ye therefore wise as serpents and harmless as doves, but beware of men for they will deliver you up to their counoils and will scourge you in their synagogue," verse 33, " But whosoever shall deny me before meh, him will I aleo deny before my Father whioh is in heaven," verse 34, " Think not that I have come to send peace on earth, I come not to send peace but a sword, for I am come to Bet a man at variance with his father," &c.;, &c.;, verso 37, " He that lovethi Father or mother more than me, is not worthy me," &o;,, verse 38, " And he that taketh not Ms cross and followeth after me is not worth of me, ' verse 39, " He that findeth his life shall Iobo it,' and he that loseth his life for my sake 1 shall find it." The contest then clearly shews that under the figure of a sword he was foretelling his disciples, giving them to understand what they would have to suffer for maintaining truth and principle. To the .third question, " has not bloodshed and violence been the outcome of the birth, of Christ?" I reply, yes, in this sense, as the outcome of Infidel hatred and malignity and of Christian fidelity to their master, the bloodshed has been Christian blood, not Infidel, the Infidels were the bloodshedders. (Applause.) 1\. Lecturer — Then referring to the star that the Magi saw and followed said " it (the star) illumines the little cattle shed, they (the Magi) enter and prostrate themselves before new born God, they bow before the tiny babe and acknowledge him to be their God. Mary, Joseph, and the wise men know. Jesus to be God you know." Reply — We know no such thing, his brief tells him no snoh thing. I really: must request bim to take to spectaoles, for his vision must be seriously impaired, in what part of his brief is it to be found " the wise men acknowledge him to be their God?" it tell us that their enquiring was " where is he that is born Ring of the Jews , not " where is he that is - born God," where does it say that Mary and Joseph knew Jesus to be God ? Where is our friend's, accuracy, truthfulness, and fairness ? ; Echo answers where. (Ap plause.) ; To be continued. 