GENERAL NEWS. Tbe ball beld at tbe Masonic Hall, North Buudaberg, on tbe uight before last was a decided success. The room was elegantly decorated and tbe floor was in a very perfect condition, and wae graced by between 20 and 30 coupleB. Mr. F. Glad well made a most efficient M.C., while the musicians, Messrs. Helmsley and Miller, gavn unbounded satisfaction. A very excellent supper was provided, aud tbe arrangrments generally reflected the greatest credit on the host aud promoter, Mr. Moualiau, Dancing was kept up witb great spirit uutil early yesterday morniug. An epidemic of sobriety fell in a hejp on the town 00 the day before yesterday, and as a consequence tbe Police Court was deserted and tbe prisoner's dock for lorn. In fact a cleau sheet was presented. The scboal picnic came off on tbe day before yesterday at the Botanic Gardens. About 600 children assembled near the school, and marched iu procession up tbe street to tbe Gardens, where a dispersal was made and a thorough picnic enjoyed. Tbe treat was a decided success, tile little ones appearing to enjoy themselves im mensely. A series of statements utterly false aud unfounded have been circulated In the town inpucting the Irish National League Branch here, aud its objects, laws, and aimB have beeu freely criti cised, and eveu slandered. It haB been stated by persons wbo. should know better tbat tbe League is likely to be a means of creating party feuiis aud dis turbances in the town. As far as we can ascertain nothiog of the sort Is inleuded, tbe sole object of the League being to raise fuuds to carry on tbe Parliamentary agitation at home, which funds will be remitted in the usual way. We believe tbat it is not the intention of the League to make tiny ' fUBS,' but to work quietly amoug its own members for the purpose before mentioned, tbe only occasion on which it will probably appear before the public will be in welcoming tbe IriBh delegates— Sir Thomas Esmonde, and Messrs. Dillon and Deasy. Tbere is not tbe smallest intention of doing anything likely to interfere with the town's har mony, and if it is in any way provoked to discord the person wbo misrepresented tbe League, will alone be to blame. As some misapprehension, wilful or other wise, exists as to tbe personnel of tbe committee of the League, we give tbe names bere for tbe benefit of our readers. President, Mr. M. Duffy ; Treasurer, Mr, P. O'Brien ; Secretary, Mr. F. D. Dunne ; Committee, Messrs. P. W. Nicolson, T. Meebau, J. M. Cross, M. Flynu, W. Dunne, J. Ahearn, J. Gillen, Jno. Gillen, F. C. B. Vosper, and R. Crowe. The office of Vice-President is vacant. The E Company of tbe Defence Force returned here laBt. uight iu charge of Lieutenant Wooiley. Tiie men are look ing none the worse for their outing, though they bave had to endure some physical privations. The horses belong- 1 ing to tbe Bundaberg Mounted Infantry may be expected to arrive tbis evening under charge of Sergeant East. At tbe meeting of tbe Bundaberg Literary and Debating Society to-nigbt there should be a good attendance, as a most interesting paper is to be road by Mr. J. M. Cross entitled ' Ghosts, and what I know about tbem.' This ought 1 to be sufficient to raise tbe dead. Seaview Plantation is by order of tbe mortgagee to be sold to-morrow by Messrs. Powers and Thorburn. The pro perty is one of tbe best in tbe Woon ;arra, and should fetch a good price. 