HAMLET. -?. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Would you allow me a word in reply to 6 E Godart, who writes in to-day's Herald. I never imagined for a moment that it vvasShakospearo'sinton tion to " portray Hamlet as a lunatic " Shakespeare drew the character as a noble, manly, accomplished bench adorned by every grace of mind and person, who in the terrible ordeal he passes through loses the full command of his faculties Mr Godart loaves un- noticed the two points on which rested my xi whole case, namely, llamlot's-treatiiiont of Ophelia, and the deep, diabolical phrased hatred that prompted Hamlet to aim at the everlasting destruction of the king, body and soul Mr Godart says -"Hamlet's treatment of Ophelia can be logically accounted for, but he does not account for It either logically or otherwise leather even stronger point-ho passes by without notice. Mr Godari'squotalions from the play have little or no bearing on the matter. It is of no importance, touching this subject, what Hamlet said of himself or what of liar pear To said of him, the students of Shakespeare that Mr Godart speaks of, will require to go deeper than this for anything like an elucidation of the matter. To my mind it is of importance to know what was the state of Hamlet's mind before he had seen the Ghost or had a thought of the circumstances of his father's murder or of the murder itself Well then, the first glimpse we have of Hamlet we see a poor forlorn being the victim of a morbid melancholy which sinks him to the very lowest state of mental and physical depression. When he first discloses his mind to us, before he has soon the ghost or suspected anything, what a picture have we of mental depression, almost amounting to mental disease, and sure to result in that if aggravated by any additional calamity. the whole purposes and objects of life are to him '" stale, flat, and unprofitable " He is weary of life, and wishes for death, regretting that " the Ever lasting has lined His cannon 'against self-slaughter " His mind is so unhealthy that he compares it to "an unweaned garden that grows to seed things rank and gross in nature possess it merely " This, then, is poor Hamlet's state, with thoughts of suicide, longing for (death, dreadfully troubled in mind, low-spirited, morbid, moping, and bordering upon dis- traction when he is confronted with the most appalling spectacle, and listens to the most revolting and fearful revelations that over shock t to strongest human mind from its balance Why, Hamlet before he had a thought of the Ghost's revolution had all the premonitory symptoms of mental disease His first speech, ' 0, that this too, too solid flesh," &c; , discloses incipient madness Few will deny that at this time, before he had seen the Ghost, his mind was strongly predisposed to disease, and his while thoughts and feelings were SO sunk in a settled melancholy that the least addition to the cause of this depression would most certainly overthrow the tottering fabric of his reason, and leave him the " wild and M birding " character that we soon afterwards so truly and naturally portrayed What then must have been the result when such an addition to his misery is thrown upon him by the appearance of his father's spirit and the dreadful secret, now for the first time disclosed, that his father was murdered, that his mother was privy to the murder, and had married the murderer Shakespeare was far too good a judge of human nature not to know that this dreadful information imparted to Hamlet would shake his reason, already sadly impaired, to its foundations, and leave him the wreck of his former self, his mind distracted and deranged, although displaying a thing not uncommon in madness, gleams of the original light and genius that made him the observed of all ob I am, ice., 1 I Augusto. DAVIDJÎUCIIAÎiAN. I [This discussion must end horses. E. M. if.] I 