IRoveltst. The Midnight Prophecy OR THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XLIX. LADY PEARt HAS AH ADVENTURE. r Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, and the earl had gone to Lancaster in \- regard to business matters, he said ; but for no other reason, as his sister very ; well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor Asylum, and make arrangements to carry out his insane intentions ; which, no doubt, was the sole cause of her lady ship's indisposition; for she locked her self in her chamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an enraged tigress, wishing sincerely that she had the power to consign her brother to the tender mercies of a mad- house, as she had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy to drive to the ruins of an old castle somewhere amid the highlands, and near which was a lioted cavern. So the pony-phaeton was brought out, and a basket of sandwiches, find two or t'hree bottles of chainpagfie'paoked under the seat, and Lady Marguerite and Sir Bayarcj. summoned to accompany her. ' Lady Marguerite was not at all averse to going, and the jiaronet woqld have followed 'anywhere in the wake of the countess ; her gold attracted him as a magnet attracts steel. The day was fine in the forenoon, and their drive was quite pleasant, and they found the old ruins grand and picturesque beyond all description. The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delighted. "What a charming old place!" she cried, as they sat in a dim old chapel, with fretted ceiling and stained windows, sipping their champagne ; " aud since I come to remember it, you used to be an artist, Sir Bayard," she added, turning upon the baronet ; " how is it we see none of your work now !" ; The baronet blushed like a girl, and stammered in dire confusion. "Pshaw!" ejaculated the countess' " what are you blushing about ? I detest bashful men ; if you have a talent for n; anything 'tis nothing to be ashamed of." Sir Bayard managed to get his vqice but' it 'quavered dreadfully. He did— I . well— hp used to sketch a long while ago . -.rwhpn he was travelling— but — k No buts about it," said the dowager, i You're not so clever that you need to | . drop your accomplishments— I'd like to Have a sketch of these ruins — so do you . purchase, materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for me." The baronet bowed in silence, but his face looked like the face of a condemned criminal. The oountess stared in amaze ment. " WhaS is the matter ?" she cried ; " one minute you're as red as a rose, and the next as white as a ghost. Are vou ill?" Sir Bayard was not quite well j he had beeu troubled with dizziness for a day or .two. He would walk about a little ; it would soon wear off. Accordingly, he strolled off in one direction, and Lady Marguerite, watching her opportunity, disappeared "1 another; the countess, remainipg in the chapel, to rest herself and finish her champagne. . -" How the poor girl does detest him she murmured; "and I don't wonder at it muoh. Bayard Brompton's a queer fellow some way— he's got a secret that troubles him. I wonder what it is ? But no matter," she added, turning back to her ohampagne, "he's one of my own race, and she shall marry him — it may be the means of saving him from disgrace and rum." Y : Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made her way through the mouldering walls of the old castle, and out of the warm, summer air. The clouds were gathering in the . west,, but the sun still shone, and the « 4 breeze was sweet and fresh. She strolled . ... down the ruined avenue, beneath the whispering fir branches, and out into the green, open park. The prospect around her was indescribably grand and beauti ful. On one hand towered the bold bleak valleys, and now and then the glittering gleam of some mountain lake, and far below flashed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at hand a modern Apollo, half imbedded in the rank grass, his lyre broken, and all his god-like beauty falling to decay. Lady Pearl seated herself upon this fallen god and leaning her lovely brow on her hand', gazed out upon the glorious summer soenes with sad, sad eyes. So young, and yet .so utterly miserable 1 The very eunlight Beemed to fall upon her bowed head, with its crown of silken gold in pitying tenderness. She waB thinking of the baronet, the man who was to be her husband, wonder iug why it was that his very presence in- u .. . ..V spired her with such disgust, and aversion ? She could not hear to be in the same room with him, and yet in three short months she would be his wife ! " I cannot," she murmured, the silent tears falling over her cheeks. " Surely God will let me die and escape it. Poor papa, J would give my life to please and .comfort him, but I can never be that man's wife." And then her fancy, by a sudden and capricious transition, recalled another faoe, a handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl sighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. She was an earl's daughter, yet she was quite as full of idle fancies, and gh'lish dreams, as the humblest peasant girl upon her father's domains. She sat there in the old park, on the fallen statue of Apollo, dreaming in the bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming those bright brown eyes were present. Foolish, foolish little Pearl ! The sound of an approaching footstep startled her, and she sprang up, in haste to fly back and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but she mot face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with courtly grace, that pleasant smile of his making his brown eyes irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. " I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite," said the captain, "but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfect" — he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, which lay a few feet distant — " aud my patron saint sent you to sit on the fallen Apollo. Will you look at my sketch ?" Lady Marguerite followed him, and he laid before her, with pardonable pride, a masterly sketch of the hoary old ruins, and of the green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and the bold peaks, and the rolling highlands in the distance. " Why, what an artist you are, Captain Fossbrooke," she said, simply. " I never saw anything so perfect. How it would delight the countess." " Do you think so ? Then the countess must see it," smiled the captain. He took up his portfolio, and they walked on side by side. " I did not dream of such a pleasure as meeting your ladyship," he said. " When I came out to sketch this morning I thought you were at the Towers." Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. " We came across over a week ago," she replied. " We are staying at Ravens- wold, an old highland country-house belonging to the countess." "Ah, I understand 1 How long shall you remain ?" "Until the last of September, 1 think. " " That's pleasant," cried the captain, I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least." They had reached the ruins by this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps of rubbish, they came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from his dizziness, it appeared, and coming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more startled than he did at sight of the captain. He looked like a statue, his face growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. " How are you to-day, Sir Bayard ?" said the captain, extending his hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him the tip3 of his, fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The next instant he offered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away — the countess was awaiting her he said. Nothing dashed by his evident dislike and ill- humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom of the old chapel, where the countess still sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appearance. Why, bless my soul," she exclaimed, regarding hiiq oyer hey goggles, " who is it ? Why, 'tis Fossbrooke — Captain Fossbrooke !" The captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered him. He was making a sketching tour through the Highlands. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted the dowager, spitefully. " So I am, and begging your ladyship's pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it ?" "Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, "you will be so pleased, I know !" The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it before her, and tbe dowager condescended to examine it. Her eyes brightened beneath her goggles as she looked. ' " Why, young man," she cried at last, " This tiling is "worthy of a place in my gallery at Mortlake 1 I never saw a finer landscape ! Do you care to sell it ?" " It isn't finished yet," replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing With gratification ; " it will make a finer - appearance by far when it is cumplete." " Well, complete it, then, and I'll give you a good price for it. Wnat do you want ? Will three hundred pounds do ?" "That would be a very generous remuneration," implied the captain, " but if your ladyship would accept — " But she cut him short with a gesture. " I never accept anything," she said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the picture's mine as soon as it is done. Why can't you do something like that, Brompton 1" she continued, turning to the baronet. " What has become of your talent ?" Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap tain did. " Oh, yes," he put in pleasantly, " Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. I remember now, my friend, Colonel Rich mond Brooke , used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist !" The baronet's face began to lose its color, and his eyes to wander restlessly beneath the captain's steady gaze, and he stammered wretchedly in his attempts to reply. ' If'd he'd spoken of him as a fool, he'd have been nearer the truth, I think," muttered the dowager, under her breath; then aloud, " Here, Marguerite, give the captain a sandwich and a bottle of cham pagne," she said, "and then we'll gather up, and get ready for starting." Marguerite obeyed with blushing eager ness, and while the captain, sitting down beside the countess, uncorked his cham pagne and ate his sandwich, talking all the while with that nameless ease and graoe that characterised all his move ments, the baronet, utterly unable to control his blanching cheeks and shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext of seeing that the carriage was ready, and made his escaoe. " With your ladyship's kind . per mission," ventured the artist, after he had placed the ladies in the carriage, standing in the noonday sunlight, his handsome face and bright-brown eyes all aglow with life and genial humour, " I'll call at Ravenswold in a day or two and bring the sketch ?" And the countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment after when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes and lingering glances as the carriage rattled away " A pretty mess I've made of it," she soliloquized, "giving him an excuse to come — and the girl is head-ovar-heels in love with him already." They drove a mile or two further down amid the highlands to see the cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the base of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic- likeexcrescencesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerite were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget- fulness. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. " I beg your ladyship's pardon," he said, addressing the countess : " but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'osses, and come down an' tell ye." And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing off towards the entrance at a furious rate. " You villian 1" she cried, with her characteristic unreason, as another peal seemed to shake the foundation of the mountain ; " why didn't you come and tell me before ? What made you wait till the last moment ?" " I beg your grace's pardon," implored the driver ; " but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." " Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost you your place, that's all. Here, Brompton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ?" Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. The storui was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one great mas of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow where the luiid sun was going down; aud the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. " I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over," suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. " You do?" snarled the dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage ; " then take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, and now, sir — addressing the driver— ' ' drive for your life ; if you don't get back to the old castle before the storm breaks I'll clip, your ears." Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, aud the coachman, mount? ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad-? man. But the highland roads were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. The poor fellow had not driven half a mile before he was utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animals at their best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in their eyes. "Are we in sight of the caslle ?" de manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. " Not yet, your ladyship," replied the coach man, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through the heart of a forest ol firs. Sir Bayard opened the carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to close around them. " We are on the wrong road !" he cried out. " The man has lost his way !" The countess uttered a cry of rage and execration, but ail awful shock, as if heaven and earth were coming together, and at the same distant a blinding flash silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the affiriglited horses, maddened beyond all control, shot off at a bi e ik-neck pace. The baronet put out his head to call to the driver, aud, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty. The driver was gone. CHAPTER L. NEW FRIENDS. On and on they went, the horses mak ing great flying leaps, aud dragging the carriage after them, over ruts aud rocks, aud prostrate trees, the thunder rattling overhead, the blazing lightning revealing the sombre woods and distant mountain peaks. The poor dowager, humble and quiet enough in peril and fear, crouched down upon the floor of the carriage, and bury ing her face in the cushions, moaned and prayed for help. Marguerite sat erect, calm and quiet, showing no sign of what she felt, save in the deadly pallor of her face. "Sir Bayard had been watching for a chance to rein in the runaway horses, but finding that such an attempt would be worse than ' madness, he returned to his seat. By the incessant glare of the lightning he could see that they were nearing a dismal mountain gorge, and the horses were increasing rather than diminshing their speed. He turned toward Lady Marguerite with an anxious face. " Lady Marguerite," he said, putting out his arm to support, her, "try to be calm ; we are nearing a dangerous de clivity ; allow me to support you — the shock will be terrible." But even in that moment of supreme danger she turned from him, her face white and cold, her blue eyes glit tering. "1 do not need yon, Sir Bayard," she replied, haughtily, " and the coun tess does." He had no time for remonstrance, for the horses went over with one flying bound, and the carriage followed with an auful crash ; and then the countess uttered a thrilling cry, and, with the sound in her ears. Marguerite felt herself going down, down, thousands of fathoms deep, it seemed, and then all was utter dark ness. Lady Marguerite awoke to conscious ness in the dim twilight of a pleasant little chamber, a sweet, fresh breeze blowing through the open window, and cooling her fevered cheeks, and a soft hand smoothing back her hair with soothing, dainty touches. Her temples throbbed painfully, and she felt very weak and lanquid after her dreadful fright, and the dainty touches were so soothing that she closed her eyes again and lay for several moments in half-unconscious enjoyment. But curiosity began to assert itself, and she opened them again ; and this time she saw the face of a young girl bending over her — a rare and lovely face, as fair and pure as a pearl. She smiled involuntarily, and the pretty, rose lips above her smiled back iu response. "Papa," called a voice, as sweet as the note of a thrush, " she's awake. Come in, please?" And the next instant the pearl-fair face vanished, and a rough, bearded one looked down in its place. Lady Marguerite struggled up to a sitting posture, but the effort made her faint and dizzy. " Where am I ?" she asked, gazing about her with bewildered eyes. The young maiden with the pearl-fair face advanced to her side. "You are at my aunt's, Mrs. Keith's — and this is Doctor Renfrew, who lives just below Strathspey Towers, and I am Maggie, his daughter," she said, sweetly. " And you had a pretty rough shaking up last night," put in the old doctor ; "so lie down and keep quiet. Maggie will bring you some breakfast presently." The terrible dangers of the past night came back with awful distinctness to Lady Marguerite's memory. " And the countess," she asked, grow ing pale, " what of her?" "Nothing, only she's half dead from the fright, and she's got a little twist in her ankle — nothing serious," replied the doctor. "And the gentleman, Sir Bayard Brompton ?" added, Maggie, considerate ly- "Is bruised pretty badly," finished the doctor, as he walked away. Marguerite lay back upon her pil lows, with a sigh of relief. They had passed through the danger comparatively unhurt. Presently she asked another ques tion. "Who found us? How did we get here ?" " Captain Fossbrooke found you," the girl replied, " He saw you at the old castle, I think, and seeing that a storm was coming, hurried after you to bring you here till it was over. But you had left the cave when he x-eached it, and he did not come up with you till after the horses had run down the gorge. He found the carriage smashed, and Sir Bayard standing in despair over the countess and yourself, believing be dead. But the captain knew better, so he got help and brought you here. And now," she added, smiling brightly, " you know everything, and you must lie quite still, till I run down to the kitchen and fetch your breakfast. Lady Marguerite obeyed, and in ten minutes she was back again, with a tempting meal on an old fashioned silver tray, and with it a small bunch of roses and English violets. " Captain Fossbrooke sent these," she said, as she put the flowers in Pearl's hands, "with his compliments, and he would like to come in and inquire how you are, but papa won't let him. Papa's awful cross about his patients." Lady Marguerite did not answer ; she averted her face to hide the burning flush that suffused it. "When did the captain come?" she asked, after a pause. " Captain Fossbrooke ? Oh, he boards here, you know. Aunt Keith always takes boarders in Summer, and the cap tain's been here a. week or two. He's on a sketching to,wqr, and draws beautifully. Come now, let me assist you to rise ; there, tfle pillow will support you ; and you can eat your breakfa t nicely, while I run in and speak to the coun tess." "Tell her I'm very glad she's not seriously injured," stammered Margue rite ; "and — and— -7ou may," she stam mered. her cheeks glowing like peonies, " you may say to Captain Fossbrooke that I am very much obliged to him for the flowers." " Very well," and away went Maggie, trilling a little Highland-melody. ; And Lady Marguerite trifled with her tempting breakfast for a minute or two, and then lay down, burying her face amid her pillows, with a sharp, aching pain at her heart. That afternoon the earl, who had re turned from Lancashire, drove over with Lady Neville and Judith, Lady Margue rite's maid ; and for the first time in half a score of years, he met with Doctor Renfrew. The old Scotchman stood stubbornly, his keen gray eyes looking straight be fore him, as the peer advanced, deter mined if there was any salutation be tween them that he would not be the first to speak. The earl did not hesitate, however ; he came up, with extended hand. "How are j'ou, doctor?" he said, a wan smile lighting his worn, white face ; " you and I parted a little at odds, if I remember rightly. Are you friendly enough to forget and forgive ?" " 1 am friendly enough to forgive you," replied the doctor, "but forgetting is another thing — I can't do that, Lord Strathspey." The earl winced, and hesitated an in stant before he spoke again. "No, you can't forget!" he said, at last, an unutterable despair in his voice and face, and I won't ask it, but, doctor," be added, with a sudden passion, "you were my best and earliest friend, and i don't like you to think me an unprincipled villain. Doctor, in all the wide earth, there is no wretch so utterly lost and ac cursed as I am." The old man put out his hand and clasped the earl's in a hearty grasp. "My poor Angus," he said, " I knew it would come to this — and now it is too late. " " Too late !" echoed the earl, " too late! She's dead — I stood by her grave yester day ! She lies in the common Potter's Field on Lancashire Moor." There was a something inexpressibly thrilling in the man's utter despair. The doctor drew his hands across his eyes. "And she loved you so, Angus," he said poor thing, I shall never forget her last words to me — " tell my husband that I love him and forgive him — " "Don't!" cried the earl, putting his hand to his heart, " 1 cannot bear it ! Great Heaven, doctor, remorse is a ter rible thing ! I wish I could die ! If it were not such a cowardly thing to do, I'd soon end all this." " You will do better to live, and clear your wife's slandered name ; you are not ready to close your accounts yet." " True enough ! But 1 cannot banish her face one instant — sleeping or waking, it is before my eyes ; her white, hopeless face looking through the bars of a mad house. I shall go mad myself soon 1 But that was not my work, doctor." "What? consigning your wife to a mad-hou6e ?" _" Yes Sir Marshall Neville and his wife did it, and without my knowledge, while I was abroad. " But you didn't try to undo it, while there was time," said the doctor, merci lessly. " No, because I doubted her fidelity." "And what has changed your mind, Lord Strathspey ?" The old man's wrath was rising again, but the earl did not resent it ; he an swered meekly : " I cannot tell — I do not believe the young man .who bears my name is my son for one thing." " It's a marvel to me that you did not find that out long ago," returned the doctor. "A mother's instincts are al ways true — the boy in the Tyrol was yours, and your wife knew it ; but, womanlike, she loved you so tenderly that she kept all her hopes and fears to her self, and tried to get at the bottom of the mystery before she disturbed your mind." " There's where the trouble began — if she had only trusted me at first, and had no secrets from me — I thought the child was hers — born before our marriage." The doctor uttered au exclamation of disgust. "Just like a jealous fool!" he ex claimed. " Couldn't the child's age de termine that ?" "I took no thought of it's age," re plied the earl. "No, you didn't," stormed the old man, ;< you just jumped at conclusions, to suit your jealous fancy — you should have gone to a mad- house, not your poor wife, the truest and fondest wife in Eng land." The earl stood silent in the summer twilight, his face ghastly in the gloom. "Yes," he said, slowly, at last, his voice broken and unnatural. "I believe it all now, and I would give my soul's eternal welfare to recall the past — but it is too late, too late !" (Jlo be continued .) 