A Pack of Cards. A simple sentence, but do you know the knowledge this little sentence contains f Listen, and I +ill toll you. Many years ago, during the reign of Charles VI., card.playiog was first introduaed into France, and became so the rage, and was carried to such an ex. tent that it was for a timeprohibited. Society was divided into four lasesee, called casres, and each of these castes represented by the four different suits of eards : First - hearts or ohurchmen, from theFrcnch ,ur (heart), ealled'ens de chwrr, or choirmeo. Seconsd spades or pike heads, and represented the nobtcs, Third- diamonds or square tomas represented the workmen. Iol/eh-clubs or clover leaves indicated the peasantry. Nor is this all, for does not the ace remind you there is one God. The Deuce-of the Father and Son. The Trar-of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. j'he Four-of the four evangel. lists who preachedl, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. The Five-of the ive wien virgins who had their ampse trimmed. The Six--"In six days the Lord made the heaven and earth.'! The Sevrn--" On the Seventh the Lord rested. The ,ig'ht-of the eight righteous persons who weresaved when Cod destroyed the world, Noah, his wife, three sons and their wives. 7hre Niune-nine lepers were oleansed by ourLord. There were ten, but nine gave thanks. The ees -of theten commandments handed down to Moases. 7TeA~'ie--of the great IKing in Heaven. The Queen-- of the Queen Sheba, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her litlly girls, and lifty boys, all dressed in male attire for the King to tell which were boys and which were girls. King Solomon seat for water for them to wash, and as the girls washed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists, the King soon judged. Counting the spots on a peek of cards there are it5, as many' days as there are In a year. Counting the number of cards to a I, wk, there are 52, equal to the number of weeks in a year. There are four suits-the number of weeks in a month I and last i', plture cards in a pack, representing 12 months in a year, and on counting the tricke, which are 13, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see that shnplesentencenot only contains a history, but a bible almanao and common prayer.book, 