" FOLLOW DME, IMR. CATESBY, OR WE ARE DEAD IMEM !' La MNuletteo ANNO 1S14. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, t couldn't have guessed what weight thlle was in this ecean swell till I felt the volubtl of it from the low seat of the bliiltk' qutlrter-bo(at. The Ruby looked to WI rolling on it as heavily again as she oceemed to have been when I was on her deck, and the beat of her canvas against the mist rang in volleys through thie air like the explosion of batteries up there. 'li h wreck tine anlid went as we sank and soared, anil I caught the second mate eye ing, her somewhat anxiously as though tliherizing to himself upon the safest diodge to board her. She was further off than I should have deemed possible, so deceptive is distance at sea, and though the five seamen pulled cheerily the job of measuring the interval between the two Mcrft, what with the voluminous heave of tlih swell running at us, and what with the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense of paralysis in the backbone, proved very tedious to my impatience to come at the hulk and explore her. As we swept round under her stern, supposing that her starboard side would be clear of wreckage, I glanced at the Ruby and saw that they were clewing up her royals, and hauling down her flying jib with hands on thie crossjack-yard rolling the sail up. There were spars and a litter of trailing geair on either side the hulk ; every roll was a spiteful snapping at the ropes with a; drag of the floating sticks which some times made the water foam. " We must board her astern," said the maite, "and stand by for a handsome dip of lie counter." Our approacli was very cautious; in decal it was necessary .to manaouvre very gingerly indeed. We got on to the inurter and watching his chance the bow o;'sima;in cleverly sprang through the crushed rail as the deck buoyantly swang (hiwn to the heave of tihe boat carrying Ieh end of the painter with him; the imate followed, and I after a tolerably long interval, wanting perhaps the nerve anid certainly the practised limbs of the Failmrs. In truth I may as well say here thait I should have stuck to the boat and iraited for the mate's report but for the dislike of being laughed at when I returned. I very well knew I should not le spared, least of all by those amongst thie passengers who would have forfeited lifty pounds rather than have quitted the iilip. The hull had a desperately wrecked loak inboards with the mess of ropes, Rtaves, jaggoed ends, crushed rails, rents imnaifesting the fury of the hurricane. I swept a glance along in expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, omine scarcely living though yet breathing man ; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the companion hatch from which the cover liad been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other soind followed than the long ioan and Inge washing sob of the swell brinumming to the wash-streak with a dim sort of dirking gurgling noise as of water stream ing froim side to side im the hold. " Hardly worth while exploring those inist howels, 1 think, sir," said the mate. "Ohil, yes," said 1, "if we don't take a lprep under deck what will there be to Iell! This is a quest of the ladies' making, rencineber, and it must be a complete thiing, or ' stand by,' as you sailors say." " Right you are, sir," said he, " and so here goes," and with that lie put his foot plon the companion-ladder and dropped into tlie cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of tihe steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty ,i light to see by streaming down through thie skylight aperture and the hatch. The e('binn was a plain snuff-coloured room, with a few sleeping-berths running for ward, a rough table somewhat hacked and cut aiout as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either hand, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty e'iithscs curiously stowed in a sort of braekcts under the ceiling or upper deck. Hat as it was above, thie cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had been soused ,s"aer and over again by the seas which had iwMept the vessel, and there was a briny, Seaweedy flavour in the atmosphere of it tihat iade you think of a cave deep down 1 a sea-fronting cliff. We looked into the sleeping- births, going forward to where a movable bulkhead stopped the r id. It was not easy to walk ; tile in 'reansig weight of the swell was defined ay tlhe heavy, tholugli comparatively laJayvant, rolling of the hull. The deck Irwet in sIopes like thie roof of a house froin side to side, with now and again an ugly jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn f"rced the disbn'asted fabric into a swift rIc?very. '"There's nobody aft here, anyway," sai tlie mate- "no use troubling our cnres to look' for her papers, I think, Eir." "No; but this is only one end of the 1aihip," I answered. "There may be a dliscovery to make forward. Can't we iulship that bulkhead there, and so get rit thie 'tween-decks?" \e laid hold of thie frame, and after peering a bit, for this part of the cabin lay in gloom, we found that it stood in grooves1 and without much trouble we slided it open, and the interior, to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the day light shilling through the main hatch. Here were a number of hammnocks dangling from the deck, and some score or lnore of seamen's chests and bags in heaps, sorme of them split open, with quantities of rough wearing apparel scattered about, insomuch that I never could have imagined a scene of wilder disorder, nor one more suggestive of hurrn, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. " Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "No," I answered, "I suppose her people left her in their boats, and that one of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we re ceived the other night." " At sea," said the mate, " there is no imagining how matters come about. I allow that the three men have been taken off by some passing vessel. Anyway we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I expect, '11 be waiting for us. Thunder ! how she rolls," he cried, as a very heavy lurch sent us both reeling towards the side of the craft. " Hark ! " cried I, " we are hailed from the deck." "Below there! " shouted a voice in the companion-hatch. "They've fired a gun aboard the Indianian, sir, and have run the ensign up half-masted. • The weather looks mighty queer, sir." "Ha!" cried the mate, "come along, Mr. Catesby." We walked cautiously and with difli culty aft, gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the .Ruby. She had furled her main sail and fore and mizen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the wind. In fact, whilst we were below, the breeze had chopped clean round, and the Ruby wlas to leeward of tile wreck, with a very heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead the other way, beginning to whiten the ridges on each huge round-backed fold, and a white thickness--a flying squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along the base of it as though it was something solid that was coming along-sweeping within half-a-mile of the wreck right down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. " Haul the boat alongside." lie shouted to the fellow in her; "handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," lie cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and buzzing to thle counter; the sailor stand ing on the tafirail plumped into her like a cannon- shot; 'twas wonderful he didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst lie bawled to me to watch imy chance and jump. But the wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw despenitely worked. Hecr movements, combined with the souaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myself together for a spring, and then, before I could make it, the boat was sliding, as it might seem to ine, twenty or thirty feet deep and away. "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable with the nervous flurry that lhad come to ime with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and help lessness. As I spoke the words, sweep ! came the white smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight that smote the cheek a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn his back. The hissing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of the first of the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too the Ruigby and the ocean all her way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the.thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. "By- , I have done it notw!" cried the mate. The end of the painter had been dragged from his hland or he had let it fall ! And the wind catching the boat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud.' The scamen threw their oars over anid headed for us, their faces pale as those of madmen. "They'll never stem this weather," cried tihe mate, " follow me, Mir. Catesby, or we are dead men !" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard without another word. Pollowen' hi! To the bottom, indeed ! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had I had my senses I might have grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put my hand upon and gone after him with it to paddle and hold on till I was picked up. But all this business coming upon us so suddenly, along with the sudden blinding of me by the vapour, the distracting yelling of thIe wind and / - the sickening bewilderment caused by 1 the wreck's violent rolling, seemed to have driven allbny wits clear out of my head. The boat was scarcely more than a smudge in the thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and rushed i down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperately plied oars of the rowers. The mate was borne down rapidly towards her. I could t just see three of the sailors leaning over the side to drag hin out of the water ; the next instant thie little fabric had vanished in the thickness, helplessly and I with horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. I do not know how long all this may have occupied; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of the tragic passage. I stood staring and staring, incredulous of the truth of what had be fallen ime, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself downs upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly sway- I in" platform. Shad met in my travels with but one specimen of such weather as this, it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the west ward; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, wien without an interval of so much as twenty seconds of calm she was taken right aback by a wind that came with the temper of half a gale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and dense as wool was boiling and shrieking all about her. For some time my consternation was so heavy that I sat mechanically staring into that part of the thickness where tlhe boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. It was thesn blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with flying vapour, and an ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the forecastle startled sue into sudden percep tion of a real and immninent da"ger. The fore scuttle was closed, but the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase the wreck's height of side, and to hinder the free turmbling of the surge on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea grow heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt ! It would be idle to try to express the thoughts which filled me. I was like one stunned : now casting an eye at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the water frothing upon the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into the vapour that.shut off all view of the ocean to within a cable's length of sme. There was nothing to be done. Even could I have met with tar paulins, there was no sailor's skill in ime to spread and secure them over tie open hatches. However, when asn hour had passed ill this way, I took notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was no lightening of the iimpenetrable mist. The folds of thle swell had diminished, and the sea was running steadily ; the hull with her broadside dead on lose and fell with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck her bow, and blew in crystals over the head, or fell in scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more tlhan spray wetted the after part of her. It was now about six o'clock in the even ing. In two hours' time the night would have come down, and if the weather didl hot clear, the blackness would be that of the tomb. What would the Rsb!l, do I Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A frag ment of comfort I found in remembering that the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for sme, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless; though to be sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there might be no water or provisions on lo.ird, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by the mere apprehension that I might come to want a drink. There was still light enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for I made up my mind to waste no mo ment of the precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death rand in dreams of desperate despondency. I went on my hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I should be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the taffrail to the " eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that one of the forward berths or cabins which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; that is to say, in peering over my companion's shoulders, I had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the out lines of jars, and so forth. But the in spection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. I made for this cabin now, 1 very well remembering that it was thei last of a row of three or four oil the star board side. I opened the door, and secured it by its hook to the bulkhead that I might see, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two large jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed in it, for the con vonience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and so on ; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of pro visions and fresh water, for now I guessed that if the weather did not drown the wreck, I might be able to support life on board of her until tihe Buby took me off, which I counted upon happening that night if the moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart how ever sank afresh when I regained the deck. The sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, tihe security of the Indimnan, to this-"oh, my God ! my God !" I re mecmber exclaiming as I sank down under the lee of the fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spray-darkdnced planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The lone liness of it ! no sounds saving the dismal crying of the wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and the ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another out of sight past the wall of vapour that circled the wreck, with the blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concen tration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly the wind softened down, very gradually the seas sank, and their worrying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled the air, and so thick did it hang that, though by my watch I knew it to be the hour of sundolwn, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which I knew must be suliusing the clear heavens down to the easterlnaost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every lmninary above had been extinguished, and that the earth hung motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it lihad been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing to the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently-at midnight I mean as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was still thick about me by no dim mest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two "I LIFTED THE HALF OF THE LID AND WAS GREATLY ASTONISHED BY THE SIGHT OF A QUANTITY OF GOLD PIECES." or three hours, and when I awoke it .was daylight, the sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant bursts of steam, and. the sun shining with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no more. Iy limbs were so cramped that for a long while I was incapable of rising; when at last my legs had recovered their power I stood erect and swept the ocean with my eyes. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. I strained my Eight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very well remember falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of nay spirit. I had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting the l?duby somewhere within the circle which enclosed me that the disappoint ment that came out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning.hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piece of Dutch cheese that was on the shelf. I then thought I would look into the cabins for a chair to sit upon on deck, for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open thie door of the berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The next was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon it had been split open as though the contents were to be rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been the commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a small compass and one or two other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a large handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped- here being the same manifesta tions of terrified hurry as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabins. The lid of the small chest was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the box. A massive padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various natrions. They were all gold pieces-English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the padlock part of the lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there saw was a heap of rough brick shaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though I had never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull- coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to me on deck. The excite ment kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, con cluding that it represented the privateers man's sorted plunder; that in all likeli hood, when the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at the tray. But it was tile con tents, no doubt, of this chest-if, indeed, this chest held all the treasure of the buccaneer--that was indicated by tile writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated thq missive. I put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and found a small chair near the arms- rack, and near it, upon the deck, lay a great cotton um brella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the clhair up the steps. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends knocking about. I cut a piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would have been insup portable, for, low as the sun still was in the east, his fires were already roasting, and I well knew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass-a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift fron the officers of a vessel to her com mander; I forget the names, but recollect they were English. The placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in the languid air to heave the RlEby or any other vessel into view. The sea under the sun was like brand new tin for the dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced the heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. lWeary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black shafts under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold- light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wreck upon the water chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted tIhe hatch - cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of La ?ldcttte as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft tihe hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible, I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to be wit nessed in that way; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lin gered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibi tion of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had there been a mast left insthe hull I might from the summit of it be able to see tlhe i:by, whoso top most cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. " Oh!" I would cry aloud, "if I could but le sure that she was near me, though hidden! " Madden ing as the expectation miight have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet the more having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of tihe bitterness, tile heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of tihe wild and awful sense of desolation that pos sessed me. Thee stcu sank ; withe the telescope trem bling inl my hanids I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the westenl mag nificence lay upon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by the shadowing of the lids the anguish or tihe fires which despair had kindled in them--for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me-I waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon ihad soared and whitened, tlce sea looked as wide again as it was to thie showering of her light brimn ming the atmosphere with a delicate silver haze ; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firma ment that bent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a sunumer night wind. I had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Rruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule my self for the fears which had been upon usme throughout the day; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passioni of de light ; when the vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent fit of trembling seized me, and I sank down again upon the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This went on till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept a glance round; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven ! I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck? Surely I had closely searched the hull; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-dropsbroke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third ; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, but without a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them ! I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. I tried again, and this time my voice sounded. "In the name of God, who, and what are you?" "Ha!" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. "Som drink for Christu's sake ! " said the man who had cried HIa ! pointing his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as somnething rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to nme they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what maunner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in the face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the pantry-as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of water, and then to the food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fists full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distin guishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck ; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wool. He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun garee jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, com pleted the attire of the ugliest, most villainous- looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were long haired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards--Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped them selves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. "You Englis, sahl ?" he exclaimed, when lie had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been heir, salh ?" I told him. He understood me per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who lihe and his eompanions were, and his story was to the following effect : That he was the boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out; most of the people got away in the long boat, six men were in the second boat, he and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and had been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep lng an eager look-out though they sighted nothing; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was the wind -and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to mea sure the distance, which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow- she was lying there now, lie said-and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their appari tion. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying aft, the three men rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they had shaped tlhemselves on the forecastle out throughl the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow nian told me that their language was a jiuargon of base Portuguese, of which I should be able to understand no more tlhan here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "Weo mesh see to dah boat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates, ap parently to that effect. (To be continued.) WHosoEwv would be sustained by tIhe hand of God, let him constantly lean upon it; whosoever would be defended by it, let him patiently repose himself under it. EVERyRrHNG yields before the strong and earnest will. It grows by exercise. Diffi culties before which mere cleverness fails, anid which leave the irresolute prostrate and lhelpless, vanish away before it. NONE are so fond of secrets as those who do qot mean to keep them; such persons covet secrets as spendthrifts covet money, for the purpose of circulation. 