THE REPROACH OF ANNESLET. BY MAXWELL. GRAY, Author of " Thb Silhxob of Dean Mait- land," a'c. PART vi. CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) Sibyl smiled, and he seemed to seo Viola again, " I am all the daughters of my father's bonsc, And yet— I know not." u Once," she said, " I was in lore with you. When I was a little, naughty girl. You were such a pretty boy and always hit everything you threw stones at. Aud you didn't mind being teased like poor Paul. You Bhould have asked me then." "But I had not sense enough then. I know that you believe in me, you told me so once." " And I will tell you so again if you like to hear it," she replica, in her bright impetuous way. "Thank you. You are the very sweetest little thing on the face of this perverse earlb 1 But won't you have me ? Somehow it strikes me that wo should get on well together and make a pleasant-going sort of couple. You scold so charmingly." Then it was that Ed ward took her hands and looked down, too con fidently, into the sweet face, which was tender, sad and playful all at once. " It strikes me that we shall do sothiog of the kind," she replied, withdrawing her hands with some indignation. " You don't love m.," she added, with a seriousness touched with reproach, "Indeed I do." "No, indeed you don't. You love some- tr i i j i t A oouy erse. iouuQVQ iotcu nor iut )«» mm will love her for ever. And you ought to, for she is the dearest creatnre in the world." " But she won't have me." "Won't she? Try again. Wait. She is worth it," " Nc, Sibyl, that chapter is closed, It is quite true that I Bhall never feel again as I did for her. never. But past is pa3t. One can't live backwards. One has to go on. You and I have always been such friends ; let us be more. You might mako me happy, and I would try to be good to you." He had taken her hand and led her forth from the darkening chamber beneath the bells into the warm crimson glow of the frosty sun set, and now they slowly paced the hard foot path among the graves, until they reached the meadow above and beyond the churchyard, where tho leafless elms made a flue black tracery on the deep orange sky above them. " Oh I what tiresome, clumsy, stupid things these men arc !" exclaimed Sibyl; "yuu don't even profess to care for me, you see. Why in the world should you want to marry me. then ? You say we arc good friends, let us bide friends then. A good friend is better tbaa a bad husband, which you would certainly be." " There is nothing in the world so irritating as a woman," returned Edward, trying hard not to kiss her, and restrained by innate awe of the womanhood in which this guileless spirit was eustrined. "Just think of the comfortable quarrels we might have. As mere friends, the sphere is limited ; conventionalities must be observed." "Is this a theme for jeatiug ?" asked Sibyl, severely, " Oh, I should |hate you if I thought you had ceased to lo7e that dear aweet creature ! For pity's sake be rational." " But you began the jesting," he remonstrated, aghast at this charge. " Well I and I began leaving it off. Good night. Alice ia pricking her aweet fingers with no one to help her." "Stop, Sibyl, just one word." Sibyl stopped with an air of resignation. " I am busy, aud it's cold," she said plaintively. " Of course I shall always love her," he said earnestly, "as one loves what is too high aud too far off to reach. But, dearest Sibyl— " "Then don't teusa me any more. Who cares to hear other people made love to ?" " But, Sibyi— 1 " "It should always be done first-hand and never talked aboat," she added rebukingly. " But, Sibyl— " u My name is Hickman. I shall never change it. I am married to my pen " " But I wish you could marry me, too." " Tou would unwisb it in a week. Now listen," said Sybil, stopping on the crisp grass with sudden gravity. "I like you— far too well to marry you. You fancy you care enough for me to make a passable husband, but it is only friendship. In a week's time you will see that I am right. Be true to yourself, then you will be true to others." Tho warm glow of the sunset had burut away to a pale memory, a mist was floating ghost-like from the level meads beneath them, the Christmas moon had just risen aud was filling the earth with a tender dreamy radiance. Sibyl's face in the pale blended lights had anew and unexpected beauty ; her rich tints were subdued and the lustre of her dark eyes inten sified. What was the secret charm which so irresis tibly drew bim to her? It was very different from the deep inevitable and inextinguishable feelings which bound him to Alice. Something told bim that Sibyl knew him better than he knew himself. Her deep liquid eyes seemed to be gazing into the depths of his soul aud dis covering recesses closed even to him. What was tho secret of her powor ? Was it genius ? His brain was full of lyric snatches from the little volume or poems which bad just appeared in Sibyl's name, and they had seemed to his npt exigent judgment to have the ring of true 'song ; they had further suggested reve lations of Sibyl's own heart. Her earnest glance spoke a thousand unspeakable things ; it revealed the guileless soul of a gentle Viola, yet with all its temlernoss it scarcely coucealed the swift lightnings of a spirit full of mirth. While he gazed his own spirit began to clear and he saw that she was right. He saw that his feeling for her, though in that moment she had acquired a dearneas that sho never had before, was not one to justify marriage or forbodo a happy union. He saw, too, that, deeply as ho hud pressed his love for Alice down iuto tho lowest hold in his heart, he could not stifle it ; above all the disappointnieut, chagrin and resent ment, her refusal and want of faith had caused him, and above all more tender and gracious feelings, he had that strong sense of oneness with her which is onlr felt once and cannot end. He knew now that the dream Gervase had called into existence was vaiu, and that the double life with all its cares and joys and per turbations was not for him, since Alice was beyond reach. "Dear Sibyl," he said, after a pause, "I think you are ono of tho sweetest creatures God over made 1 I will be true to you at leant. And I think we shall be friends ail our lives long." "I think we shall," replied Sibyl, with a littlo tender smile. Then they clasped hands and parted. She went slowly 'back through the chill silver of the aerial mooobeams, her breath visible in tho frosty air, and the frozen grass rebounding stiffly from beneath ber light steps, and met Alice and the Mortons coming out of tho dark church, the deep blackness of which was still emphasised by a few dim light. The clear evening ekv into which pale stars wero slowly stealing, tbo grey church with its steep red roof and massive tower, the village with its red lighted windows, the bare trees all sleeping in the moonshine, tho faces looking unearthly in the bluish light, tho asso ciations of Christmas Eve which threw a hal lowed glory over all— everything seemed sweet and full of un?peakable charm to Sibyl, The hour sho had just passed was the flower of all her life, and she was content. Her heart was like a sleeping babe, perfect in its deep repose, Shp scarcely beard the " Good- nights" of tho Mortons when they turned in ut their gate, but with her hand iu Alice's arm walked silently borne, her looks communing with the sereno clear heavens. Alice was quiet too, but it was with a differcut quietness. They went into the kitcbeu to see the mummers acting their primi tive play from house to house ; but Sibyl did not enter iuto the homely jests as usual ; it was as if she had let her spirit pass away with the mystic glories of tho twilight aud only ber body remained. They listened to the carol- singing aud sat round the hall fire till mid night, but Sibyl said nothing to anyone ot her twilight ramble. Alico wondered at ber silence and was vaguely pained and disappointed, and when Gervase in bidding her "good-night" pressed her hand lingering) she returned the pressure, uwLwafl glad to think there was at least one on'wlicm sho could absolutely rely and whose care for her nothiug could abate. (To bo continued.) 