ENFORCEMENT OF LABOUR CLAUSES ' Better, late than never ' was a frequent comment upon the intelligence that notice had at last bean given in the Assembly to ask the Minister of Landa whether it is his intention to enforee the labour clauses on the sections taken up as mineral leasos. The question was nnt on Thnrsdav bv Mr. Dnmirmn and the reply of the Minister was un satisfactory, lb was not the intention of the Government, said Mr. Pillinger, to take any immediate steps ; it was for privato individuals to put the labour covenants in operation, and if the lessee 'could show no sufficient reason' to the contrary, the lease would be, for-, ?feitad. ? Well, we all know, what a farae this system has been in the past, and it is not likely to prove more effisacious in .the \future in cheeking-admitted abuses. ' The advisableriess ofenforcing the. labour clauses in the Mount Zeehan leases/after June 1, 1890, waa' under consideration.'' 'In other words, we ?shall remain as we are, for no Minister of Lands will admit that the mining laws have not been administered in a manner most conducive ' to the best interests of the mining industry.' However, fortunately for the country, we are not all Ministers of Lands, and some, including all those who have the u'timate prosperity of the mining industry al heart, consider that it would be advanced with a success and UW11UI.UUUVW AA.KUWl ww fc» ** ^ *J*\J 1 1 JU tl& J.MO mania were the labour clauses of leases judiciously enforced. By 'judiciously' we mean in a manner which is tho exact opposite of that recommended by the deputation composed of Messrs. Newbury, Mace, Evans, and Co. We have already stated the circumstances under which the labour clauses should not be enforced, and the case concluded on Wednesday last in the Supreme Court conclusively disposes of the main argument adduced in favour of generally disre garding them. That argument is that there is not sufficient capital available to develop so large a number of leases at once. That argument is perfectly correct in one way. Take the leases in Tasmania alone, and there is not sufficient capital in the whole of Aus tralia to prospeeb them and carry out the labour clauses. But take the leases which have even . the ghost of a surface show upon them, and there is plenty of capital for their development in this island -alone.- The sources from which such capital is derivable &ra; illustrate! in the case alluded to, .Watehom v. Gaunt and others. In this case, as we have stated, tha promoters annexed £1000 out of £1250 subscribed by the contributing shareholders, for a half-share in an ap plication for lease of an 80-acro section; The contributors lost their monoy ; bat still £1000 went into private pockets, which, were tho labour clauses enforced, would never have been expended, for no one would bo prepared to speculate money in a mere application for lease ; and had the lease been granted at the time, no one would put money into a . mining venture unless they wera asRured that the amount subscribed was sufficient to carry out the labour olauses till such time as tho ground had been proved good for anything or nothing. The case is not an exceptional one, ' for the money which ought to go to developing mineral leasea usually got* into the poekets of tho stoek- jobbers. The procedure is this : — A prospector pegs out some ground ; he gets somev body to pay application fees for a sharai in it; this somebody and himself then proceed to sell interests in the claim applied for, and the buyers follow suit. Sometimes this process continues id geometrical progression till thousands) are contributed, and then a company is' floated to work.it, perhaps with only «- . few hundred pounds capital called up, and a large proportion of paid-up shares. The limited funds avail- . able are hardly sufficient to ; meet the requirements of the) labour olauses for even a few months. Results perhaps do not corae up to anticipations, and then the ground is hung up and shepherded. Should & company not be floated the ground is locked up all the same, although some thousands may. have been paid for interests in the sections. These cases are not hypothetical, and might b« illustrated but for the law of libel, especially at Mount Zeehan. They, however, show plainly that there is plenty of capital available for mining purposes, and capital, too, that would be the more readily subscribed were it certain that it would bo employed in developing mineral leases instead of going to enrich speculators alone. Despite the answer received by Mr. Dumarasq, he could present a very strong cape to found a motion for enforcing the labour clauses, obnoxious though they might prove to many, and we trust he will not let the subject drop, but will endeavour to bring about * more legitimate system of mining in Tasmania. ? . . 