ICE BOUND. I I BY W. OLAItK RUSSELL. Author of ' The Wreck of Vie Groevcrior,' ' Jack's Courtshw' 'My IV'otdi Below,' ' The Lady Maud' ^-c. Tho dusk of tbe evening came quick oat of tho cast., and tho wind freshened with a long cry iu our rigging, as if the eastern darkness wns a foo It was rushing out of tlie west to meet. I brought the schooner nortb nortbeast by my compass, aud watched her behavior anxiously. The swell was on the quarter, nnd the wind and sen a triflo abaft | the l.irboard beam; she leaned a littlo to tho wcierht of her clothes, but was surprisingly 1 stiff considering how light sbo was. Wilkin- I Mm and tbo negro canio and stood by my j Hide. Tlie sea broko heavily from tbn weather ; bow. end tbe water roared wliite under the 1« boudstiwt spread astern in a broad wake , of foam. The vrtialer did not brace bis yards up till after »o i.^d Verted, aud now hung a pnio, faint mass in the windy darkness on tbo quarter. A tincture of rusty rod hovered, likoBmoko colored by the funiace that pro duces it, iu tbo west, but tbe night had drawn down quick and dark; tbo wo-sliing noise of lb- wntar wns sharp, tho wind piercingly co!d; cacli sweep of tbo schooner's masts to windward was followed by n dull roaring of the blast rushing nut of llio hollows of tbo rnnvas. nnd i.'jo swung to tho seas with wild van-si, but with regularity miflSoieut to prove thn strict government of the helm. But it war. Iwing at sea, homeward bound, too! Then? was no wish of mine, engendered by my hideous loneliness 0:1 the ire, by my : nbhorred association with the Froncbman, : Hint 1 rfutlrl uot refer to as, down to this mo- j nient, gratified. My heart bounded ; my spirits i could not have been higher bad this ocean , Ikvji lhe Thames, and yonder dark flowing | lulls of water tbe banks of Erith and the j Gravesend shore. j J turned to the three men. 'My lads,' said | I, 'you prove yourselves flno bold fellows j by thus volunteering. Do not fear; if God i guides us homo — to my home, I mean — you shall find a hundsomo account in this busi 'Six more chaps wonld bave jined had th' olo man bin williu\' said Wilkinsou. 'But Itcst as it is, master, though she's a trifle shirt handed.' 'Why, yes,' said t, 'but being foro and aft, you know ! It isnH ns if we'd got courses to hand and topsails to reef.' '^Ay ay, dat's do troof,' cried Billy Pitt. I tort o' dat. Fore en' aft makes de differ ence. Dont guess I should hub volunteer had sbo been a brig.1' 'There are four of us,' said I. 'You're my chief mate, Wilkinson. Choose your '?I choose Cromwoli,' said he; 'be was iu iny watch aboard the whaler.' 'Very well,' I exclaimed; and this being settled, and both negroes declaring them selves good cooks, we arranged tbat tbey should alternately have tbe dressing of our victuals; that Wilkinson should have the cabin next mine, and tbe negroes the one in which lhe Frenchman had slept, one taking the other's place as he was relieved. I asked Wilkinson what he thought of tlie schooner. Ho answered that he was watch - 'There's notbtn' to And fault with yet,1' said be; 'she's a whale at rolling, sartinly. I guess she walks, though. I reckon she's ! bad enough of tho Pea, like me, aud's got the 6cent o' tbe land in her cose. I guess old j Noah wasn't far off when her lines was laid. I Mcbbo his sons had tbe building of her. j There's something scriptural inbercut How ' old's she, masterf ' 'Fifty years and more,' said I. 'Dare's nuffln parti ckler in dat,' cried Cromwell. 'I knows awessel dat am 104 years old, 6'clp mo as I stand. 'I don't know how tbo whaler's heading,'* said I, 'but this schooner's a canoo if we arent dropping her!' Indoed she was scarce visible astern— mere windy flicker, hovering upon tbe pale flush ings o! the foam. It might he perhaps tbat the whaler was TnaiHng E more northerly course than we, and under very enug canvas, though ours was enug enough too; but betbis as it may, I was mightily pleased with the slipping Qualities Of the schoonar. I never could hovo dreamed that so odd and ugly a figure of a ship would show such heels. But I tldnk this: we are too prone to view the handiwork of our slrss with contempt, Idonot know but that their ships were as fast as ours. Tbey made many good passages. Tbey might have proved themselves fleeter navigators hod tlioy had tho sextant and chronometer to help them along. Fifty years hence, perhaps, mankind will be laughing at our cruditios — ? we, by Heaven, who flatter ourselves that the art of shipbuilding and navigation will never bo carried higher than the pitch to which we have raised them I Cromwell being at tip till or, I told Billy Pitt to go below and get supper, Instructing him what to dress and how much to mix for a bowl-— for, as you blow, there was nothing but spirits and wine to season, our repasts with. I saw Cromwell grin widely into tbe binnacle candle flame when be heard me of bam, tongue, sweetmeats, marmalade, and the like for sapper, together with a of hot claret, and knowing sailors' naturo middling well, I did not doubt that tho faro of the schooner would bring the throe men more into love with the adventure than oven the reward that was to follow it. CHAPTER XXIX. I VALUE TKE LADING. The day had been 6o full of business, there had been so much to engage my mind, that it was not untO I was seated at supper in the old cook room, In which I bad passed so many melancholy hours, that I found myself able to take a calm survey of my situation, and to compare the various motions of my fortunes. I could scarcely indeed believe that I waa not in a dream, from which I should awakatt presently, and discover my eelf still securely imprisoned in the ice, and *11 those passages or (he powder blasts, the liberation of the schooner, my lonely days in visionary and vanishing as those dusky forms of vapor which had swarmed in giant shape over my little open boat. But even if confirmation had been wanting lathe table visage of Billy Pitt, who sat near the furnace munching away with prodigious enjoyment of his food, and bringing his can of hot spiced wine from s vast blubber Pa mth a mighty sigh of deep delight, I must nave found it in each litggtnjr leap and roar lag plunge of the old piratical bucket, so full or the vitality of tbe wind swollen canvas, so quick with all the life instincts of a vofficl storming through the deep with buoyantkeel ana under fall eontroL Oh hoaven I how dif ferent from the dull ambling of the morning, Uie sluggish pitching and rolling to the weak pidling of the spritsoili i-P and down a good deal during tho night. Hut for tbo treasure I should have been less anxious, I daro say. I had come 60 successfully to this point that I was icsolvcd, ' *ny hopes were to miscarry, the misfort une should not bo owing to want of vigilance °on-ypart; and therehappened an incident ?which inevitably tended to sharpen my wat-ifubeBB, thoqgh I was perfectly con scious it was a million to one against its oo- ! curring'n second time. I I cniuo oil cluck to relieve Wilkinson at midnight, after half hour'* nodding doze ' by tbo furnQi:c l-clmv. He wcnttoJiis cabin; ' I stood under the lee of a cloth seized iu the ' weather main rigciiijt Tilt arrived, aud I ! told him hi' could rotErn to tho cook bouse and stay there till I called bin:. Tho holm ? being lashed and the schooner doing very well, nothing wanted wotcldngln particular, I yet I would not have tho deck abandoned, , and meant to keep a lookout turn nnd turn 1 about with Pitt, as WilJciiisrm and Cromwell ' had. She miow bad ceased, but it -vns very dork and thick, tbo oeaio a roaring, welter ing shadow, palpitating upon tbo oyea in roll ing folds of blackness, with the quick expir ing flash of foam to windward. Ox a sud den, looking over tbo weather quarter, me- ? thought I discovered a deeper sliado in the night thero than wns elsewhere pcrceptiblo. It was liko a great blot of inku]M-n the dark ness. Even while I speculated it drew out in tho shape of a ship running ltcforc the pale. She seemed to bo bending directly for us. Tbo roof of my mouth turned' dry ns ' desert sand; my tongue nnd limbs re- 1 | fused their oflice; I could neither cry nor ; | stir, being indoed paralyzed by tho tor riblo suddenness of that apparition nnd , the imminence of our peril. It nil happened | whilo you could have told thirty. Th' great. I black mass surged up with tho water boiling I about the bows; she brought a thunder n long I with her in her rigging nnd rails ns kIio soared to tlie crowns of the sejis she was i sweeping before. I could not tell whatcan ; vns she was under, but her speed was a full I ten knots, and as I did not rcc her till slio I was close she looked to come upon ns with n 1 single bound. She passed us to wiudwurd within a stone's throw, ond vanished liko a dark cloud melting into the surrounding blackness. Not a glcain of light broke from j her; you beard nothing but the lioiling nt , her bows nnd tho thunderous pealing of 1 ho galoln her cauvas. A quarter turn of tho wheel would linvo sent us to the botiom, nnd her, no doubt, on top of ns. Whether sho was the Susan Tucker or some other whaler, or a big South sea roan driven low nnd get. ting what casting sbo could out of the pile, I know not. She was as complete n myhlory and a heavier terror to mo than a* phantasm worked by ghosts could hove proved. I know such a thing conld not lioppen again, yet when I called Pitt 1 talked to him about it ns though wc must certainly be run down if be did not keep a sharp lookoul ; and when my watch below came round nt 4 o'clock, I was so agitated tfiat I was up and down till dnybreak, as though my duty did not end till then. Tlie gale moderated at sunrise; and though it was a gloomy, true Capo Horn inonnng, with dark driving clouds, tho sea a dusky olive, very hollow, and frequent small quick sqoalls of elect, which brought tho wind to us in sharp guns, yet ns wo could seo where wo were going, I got tho schooner lwfore it, heading her east northeast, and under a reefed topsail, mainsail aud staysail the old bucket stormed through it with tho sputter and rago of a liue-of-battlo ship. There wns a logieol and lino on dock, and I found a sand glass in the chest in my cabin in which I had met with tbe quadrants, persjKHilivn glass and the like, and I kept this log regu larly going, making a point of departure on the chart the American captain bad given me, which I afterwards found to bo within two Ungues and a half of tlie true tuition. But for three days the weather continued so heavy that there was nothing to bo done in the shape of gratifying tho men's expecta tions by overhauling what was left of tho cargo. Indeed, wo had no leisure for such work ; all our waking hours had to bo strictly dedicated to tho schooner, and iu keeping a lookout fur ire. lint tho morning of tho breeze from a little to tlie east of south, to which wo showed every cloth tbe sehooucr had to throw abroad, nnd being now by J.jad reckoning within a few leagues of the mer idi/io 'f Wdegs., 2 shnp/\2 a couns? north by cast by my compass, with the design of g«;t tin-; a view of Stat.cn lblund that I might correct my calculations. WJien wo had mode sail and got our break fast, I told Wilkinson and Cromw-oU (l'Jtt Ving at- the tiller) that now wns n good op portunity for inspecting the contents of tho ho\l; nnd (not to be tedious in this part of my relation, however I may have sinned in this re=i«»t elsewhere) we earned luutornfl biOow. nud spent tbe better jwrt of tlie fore noon in taking stock. From a ropy of tho memorandum 1 made on thnt occasion (still in my jfOssMsnion), I discovered that tho Yan kee captain had left ustho following: Thirty - five rvihkn of rutn, twcnt v-i-igJit hogsheads of clorel, sixty puncheons of brandy, forty casks of sherry, eighteen cases uf beer in bottles, together with anumlier of 'pieces' or gin, as it it- called. In addition to this were the in the lazarctte. besides n quantity of N'v«fal kinds of wine in jars, ot-\, elsewhere riunncruti'd, l^i'l'-P idl thu ship's fumituro, her guns, powder, sniiill onus, etc., as well at the ship herself. I took tlie men into the run und fihowt-d them the ehesl.s, opening the little ouc which stood t-tockcd with fniull ariws, and lifting tb' tun or tl/n-o of *!ie others. They m'hv jiui-foctly Kitislied: fully Iwbeved tho I'lu'sth to In* iille-l witb. small arms nnd nothing i-lu-, nnd so we euine awjiy and returned t».- the cabin, whw, to pleiisj them, 1 put down tho vuhm of thii each ui-ticle, iuid niukingon! n lotul of «iiO. This, of course, invluded the ship. 'How niucli'll dat be a inan, mussar' n-sked Cromwell. 'Six huudred and pixty jiounds,' I an- Tho poor fellow was so transported tliat, nflci* staring nt ine in silcnee with tlie cor nel's of his month stretched to his oars, ho tossed up bis hands, burst into a roar of laughter, nnd mtuie several skips about tho deck. 'Of course,' haid I, nddirwiing Wilkinson, 'my Jlgureii may be uhend or short of tho truth. Dut if you are disposed to tuk«- the chance, I'll tell you what I'll do; II) stand by my figures, accepting the risk of tho value of tho hiding lieiug less than whut I say it is, and undertake togivccach man of you £1, CHK) for your shurc.' 'Well, sir,' said he, 'I don't know that I ought to objec-L Jitila few jtouutls jsa mat ter of great eonscquciu'c to me, and I reckon if these here goods and the wcssel should turn out to lie worth inoro than ye offer, tho loss u'd go agin tbe grit — ay, if 'twere $20 union.' I laughed, and told hiui to let tho matter rest; thero wvis plenty of time before us; I should be willing to stand by my offer even if 1 last by it, so heartily obliged was I to thom for coming tc my assistance. And in tbis I Epoko tbe truth, though, as you will understand wliu know Jiiy positiou, 1 had to linctsso. Jt went against my conscicnco to make out. tliat the chests wcru full of small arms; but' I should huvo boon mad to tell thom the truth, and perhnps by tho truth mako devils of men who were, and promised to remain, Htcsidy, temperate, honest follows. I wos not governed by the desire to keep all tho troosuru to myself; no, I vow- to G«vi I should liavc been glad to give them u moiety of it had 1 not apprehended the very gruvest consequences if J were umdid with tbcin. But this, surely, must bo bo plain that it is idle to go ou insisting on it. The fine weather, tbe golden issuts that was : to attend our fiaccessful navigation, theEatls- i | factory behavior of tho schooner, put us into : a high good humor with ouo another; and ? when it came to my collecting all the clothes 1 in tbe after cabins, and to distributing them i | among the throo mon, I thought Billy Pitt i ' and Cromwell would hate gone mad with dolight. To tho best of my recollection, the ] apparel that had been left us by tbo Ameri- I con captain (who, as you know, liad cleared I the forecastle of tho clothes thero) consisted , of several coats of cut velvet, trimmed with ! gold and silver loco, some frocks of white 1 drab with large plate buttons, brocade waist coats of blue satin and green silk, crimson and other colored cloth breeches, along with , some cloaks, three corner hats, black aud white stockings, a number of ruffled shirts, and other articles of which 1 recollect the character, though my iguoranco of the cos tumes of that period prevents mo from nam | ing thom. I Any one acquainted with tho negro's de | light ill colored clothes, will hardly nocd to 1 bo told of tbe extravagant joy j-aised Jn the black breasts of Cromwell and Pitt by my distribution of this fine attire. Tbe lace, to 1 bo sure, was tarnished, and some of tbecolors ; fadod, but all the same tbe apparel furnished | a brave show; and such was tbe avidity with which tho jioor creatures snatched at tho garments as I offered them first to ono | and tbon another, tbat I believe thoy would | have been perfectly satisfied with the clothes I alone as payment for their services. I made I this distribution on the quarterdeck, or littlo poop, rather, that all might bo preseut. . Wilkinson was at the tiller, and appeared ! highly delighted with tbo bundle allotted I him, sayiug that he might reckon upon a I hearty welcome from his wife when sho come 1 to know what was fa his chest. Tbe negroes woro wild to clothe themselves at onco; I advised them to wait for tho warm weather, butthey woro too impatient to put ou their fine feathers to heed my advice. They ran , below, and woro gone lialf an hour, dur ing which time I have no doubt they tried on all they had; and when at last thoy returned their appearpneo was so exquisitely absurd that I laughed till I came soar to suffocating. Each negro had tied a silver laced hnt on to his woo)ly head; ono woro a pair of crimBon, tho other a pair of black velvet breeches; over their cucumber shanks they had drawn white silk stockings, regardless of tlie cold; tbeir feet were in cased in buckled shoes, and their costumes Were completed by scarlot and Hue waist coats/which foil to their knoes, and crimson and blue coats with iiumejiso skirts. What struck me as most nstouihbiug was their gravity. Their self complacency was pro digious; they eyed oach otber with dignified approbation, and strutted with tbo air of provincial mayors and aldermen newly ar rived from tho presence of royalty. They eyed eachothar with dignified appro 'They're in keepin' with tho schooner, any ways,' said Wilkinson. And so, i«rhnps, they were. Tbo antique fabric needed the sparkle of those costumes on her duck to mako her asj-ect fit in with tbo imaginations sho bred. But, as I hud auticipnu-d, the cold proved too powerful for tbeir conceit, and they were presently plad to ship their mnrc modern troupers, though they clung obstinately to their waistcoats, and could not bo jierMiadml to remove their hats ou any uccount whatever. CHAPTER XXX. When I startcvl to relate iny udveiitnro I never designed to write an account of the journey home at large. On tho contrary, I foresaw Unit, by the time 1 lmd arrived nt this part, you would have had enough of tho sea. Let mo now, fclieu, bo as brief as {tos sable. Tho melting of tho ico nnd tho slowly in crooking i»owor of the sun were inexpressibly consoling to me, who had liad so much of the cold tliat I do protest if Elysium were bleak, no matter how radiant, nnd tho nljode of the fiends as hot as it is pictured, 1 would choose to turn my hack upon the angels. I cannot say, however, thnt tho scooucr was proj-erly thawed until wc were hard ujkmi tho parallels of the Falkland Islands; she then showed her timlrers nakwl to tho sun, and ex]-osed n brow-n solid deck rendered ugly by several dark patches, which, scrape as we might, we could not obliterate. We struck tlie gnus into tho hold for the totter ballasting of the Vessel, got studdiugsfuj booms nloft, over hauled her suite of canvas, and found a great square sail which proved of inestimable im portance in light winds and in running. After tbo ico was wholly melted out of her frame she niadc a littlo water, yet not ho much but that a halfjhour's spell at the pump twice a day easily freed her. But, curiously enough, at thceud of a fortuight she Itccamo tight again, which I attribute to thu swelling of her timbers by their direct contact with tbe wntor. We were a slender compan3r, but we man aged extraordinarily well. The men wero wonderfully content; 1 never board so much AS a murmur escape from ono of theiu;they never exceeded thoir rations nor aslcod for a drop more of liquor then we had agreed among us should be served out. But, us 1 hud anticipated, our security lay in our slender Hess. We wero too few for disoffectiou. The aegrooswero as simple as children, Wilkinson looked to Ond bis account in a happy arrival; 1 and if I was not, strictly speaking, their cap- I tain, 1 was their navigator, without whom ! tbeir case would havo been as iwrilous as mine was ou the ice. It was on the 5th of December that wo Sighted the ScllJy Isles, I guessed what that i land was, but so vague had been iny naviga- 1 tion that 1 durst not bo sure, until, spying a Umack witb her nets over, 1 steered for her and got the information 1 needed from her people. They answered us with an air of fear, and, in truth, the fellows had i-euson, for, besides the singular api-cnriiiicu of the ship, the four of us were appareled in odds and -mds of the antique clothcs, and I have little doubt thoy considered us 1 uimtics of another country, who had run away with « whip be longing to parts where tho tastes iuid fashions Were behind tbo age. Now, as you may suppose, by this time I fcad settled my plans; and as wo sailed up channel I unfolded them to my comiwniona, I pointed out that boforo we entered tho river it would be necessary to diselwrgo our lading into some little vessel that would | smuggle tbe booty ashore for us. Tbo figure ; tbe schooner made wus so peculiar that sbo would inovitably attract atteution ; sho would I instantly l-e boarded in the Thames on our coming to anchor, and if I told tbo truth sho j would bo seized as a pirate, and ourselves | dismissed with a small reward, and iiorhaps j with nothing. | 'My scheme, '.said I, 'Is this: Ibnvearel ative iu Loudon to whom I shall communi cate tho news of my arrival and tell him my story* You, Wilkinson, must bo tho bearer of this letter. Ho Is a shrewd, active man, and I will leave it to him to engage the help we wont. There is no lack of tlie right kind of serviceable men at Deal ; and if they are promised a substantial interest in smuggling our Inding ashore, thoy will run tlie goods successfully, do not fear. As there is sure to be a man-of-war stationed in the Downs, wo must keep clear of tluit anchorage. I will land you at kydd, whence you will make your way to Dover and tliencc to Lou don. Cromwell and Pitt will return nnd help me to keep cnusiug. My letter to iny relative will tell him where to soek ine, nnd 1 shall know bis boat by her flying n jack. When we linve discharged our lading wl- will sail to tho Thames, and then lot who will come aboard, for wo shall have a clean bold. ? This,' continued I, 'is tho best schcmo 1 can devise. The risks of smuggling attend it, to be sure; but against those risks wc have to put the certainty of our forfeiting our just claims to tho property if wo enrry tbe schooner to the Thames. Even suppose, when thore, that we should uot l-o immedi ately visited, and so be provided with an op portuity to laud our stufT, whom have wc to trust? Tho Thames alwunds 'with rivor thieves, with lumpers, scuffle hunters, mud larks, glutmen, rogues of all sorts, to hire whom would mean to bribe them with tbe value of half tho lading, and to risk their steab'ng the other half. But tills is tlie lesser difficulty; tbo main one lies in tbis: Thero nre some ] ,C00 men employed in tho London custom house, most of 'whom aro ou river duty as watdunen ; thirty of these jieoplo aro clapi-ed aboard an East Indiaman, flvo or six ou West India shi|)s, and a like proportion ill other vessels. So sti- ang* a craft as ours would bo visited, dejwnd -oat, asd smartiy, too. D'ye 6eo the danger* ladsf What do you say, then, to my scheme?' Tho negroes immediately answered that they left it to me — I knew best; tbey would bo satisfied with whatever I did. Wilkinson nmsed awhile, and then said: 'Smuggling was risky work. How would it bo if we represented that we had fouud the schooner washing about with nobody 'The tale wouldn't bo credited,' said I. 'Tbo ago of the vessel would tell against such a story, even if you removed all other ovideace by throwing the clothes and small arms overboard, and whatever olso might go to prove tbat the schooner must have been floating about abandoned since tbo year 17501' 'Mustn't Jose'de clothes, massa, on no ac count!' cried Pitt 'Well, sir,' says Wilkinson, after another spell of reflection, 'I reckon you'ro light. If so bo tho law would seize tho vessel and goods on tho grounds that sho had been n pirn to and all that's in her was jiluudcr, why, then, certainly, 1 don't boo nothin' else but to inako a smuggling job of it, as you say, This being settlod (Wilkinson's concurrence being rendered tho easier by my telling him that, providing the Inding wax .safely run, 1 would adbero to my undertaking to givo them £1,000 each for their share), I went below and spent half an hour over a letter to Sir. Jeremiah Mason. Thero was no ink, but I found a ]»neil, and for paper 1 used tho fly leaves of tbo books in my cahiu. I ojiened with a sketch of my adventures, uud then went on to relate tliat tho Boca was n , ricliRlilp; that, us sho had been a pirate, I j risked her seizure by carry ing her to London ; I that I stood grievously iu need of bis counsel I and help, and begged him not to lose a | moment in returning with tho messenger to Deal, and there hiring a boat and coming to j me, whom ho would find cruising off Boachy I Hood. That I might know his boat, I liado I hiiu fly a jack a little below tho masthead. I 'As for tho Boca del Dragon,' 1 added, I 'Wilkinson would know hor if sho were in i the middle of a thousand sail, pud indoed a farmer's boy would be able to distinguish her for her unconuuou oddness of figure.' I was satisfied to underscore tbo words 'a rich ship,' quito certain his imagination would be sufficiently fired by tbe expression. At anything further I durst not bint, as tho letter would be open for Wilkinson to read. When I had finished I took a lantern and the keys of tho chest and went very secretly and expeditiously to the run, and, removing tho layers of small arms from the top of the case that held tho money, 1 picked out some English pieces, quickly returned tho small arms, lockod the chest, and returned. All this timo wo were running up channel boforo a fresh westerly wind. It was true ! December weather, very raw, and the horizon thick; but I knew my road well, and whilo tho loom of the bind showed I desired nothing better than this thickness. But wary sailing delayed us, and it was not till 10 o'clock on tho nighf o' the 7th that we hove tbo schooner to off tho shingly beach of Lydd, within sound of the wash of tho sea upon it. Tho bay sheltered us; we got the boat over. I gave Wilkinson tho letter and ten guineas, bidding him keep them bidden, and to uso them cautiously, with the silver change he would receive, for they were all guineas of the first George, and might excito comment if ho, a poor sailer, ill clad, should pull them out and exhibit them. fiappily» »» tbo hurry of the time, ho did not think to ask mo bow I had coma by them. Ho thrust them into his pocket, shook my hand and dropped into the boat, and tho negroes immediately rowed ashoro. I stood holding a lantern upon the rail to servo them as a guide, waiting for tho boat to return, and never breathed more freely in my life than when I heard tho sound of oars. The two negroes came alongside, ond, clop ping the tackles ou to the boat, wo hoisted her with the ca])6tan, and then, under very ''nil canvas, stood out to sea' again. CHAPTER XXXI. TBS END. I should require to write to the length of this book over ogain to do full justice by de scription to the difficulties and anxieties of the days that now followed. 4f it had not been thick wuathur all tho timo I do not know how 1 should have fared, I am eutu. I was botweod two fires, so to say ; On tho oue side the French cruisers and privateers, and on tho other side tbe ships of my owu country, and iMirticulnrly tho revenuo cuttore and tho slooi-s und tho liko cruising after tho smug glers. As 1 luow that my relative could not Iks with mo under four days, I steered out of sight of land into the middle of tho channel, between Beachy Head and tbe Seine coast, and there dodged about under very »mnli cauvas, heartily grateful for tbo that shrouded tbo soa to within a mile of me. I scarcely closod my eyes in sleep, and though my worries wero now of a very different kind from tboso which had rockod me on the Ice, they wero, in their way, to tho full os tonneuting. Every sail that loomed in tho diuginess filled me witb alarm. Several ships iiassed me dose, aud' 1 could bcarco breathe till thoy were out of sight Indeed* I lay skulking out vpon that sea as if I was some common thief broko looso from jail. However, it pleased lioavou that I should manage to keep out of sight of those whom I most strenuously desired not to 600; and the afternoon of the fourth day fouud tho Boca lying off Beachy lload, and 1 ]woring over the roil with a haggard facc at the dark shadow- of tho land. It had been blowing and snowing nil day. Tho boos ran short and spitefully. It was a dismal Doceinber afternoon, and the mora sensibly disgusting to us who were fresh from several weeks of tho balm aud glory of tho trqpics. And yet I would not have exchanged it for u clear, flno day for all that 1 was like to bo worth. It was tho most reasonable thing in tho world that a vessel should be liovo to iu such somber weather; aud so I was under no con cern that our posture in this respect would excite suspicion, should wo bo descried. The hours stolo away one by one. Now and again a littlo coaster would pass, 6omo hoy bound west, a sloop for the Thames, a lugger on someunguessable mission— all small ships, oozing dark and damp out of tbe snow and mist and passing silently. I kept tho land closo aboard to be out of the wnv of tbo bigger cruft, and kept tbe vessel in the wind till it was necessary to reach to our station. Tho three of us wero mighty pensive and eager, staring incessantly with all our eyes; but it looked as if wo were uot to expect any thing that day when tbo night put its dark ness into tho weather. Then, ns I foresaw a serious danger if tbo wind shifted into tbo south, and ns I could not obtain a glimjiso of a sboro light, I resolved to bring up and ride till dawu. Long ago we had got tbo schooner's old anchors at tho catheads and tbe cables bent; so, lowering the mainsail nnd hauling down the stay foresail, we lot fall the starboard anchor, and the &hip; camo to a stand. I put tho lead over the sido that wo might know if sho dragged, hung a lan tern on tho forestay and one on either qunr tor, that our presouca might'*!)© marked by my relative fehould ho put out iu quest of us, and went Iwlow, leaving Cromwell to keep tho lookout. I was extremely fretful and anxious, nud had no jntfenco to talk with Billy Pitt. Thero were too many risks, too many vague chauccs in tliis exploit to render contempla tion of it tolerable. Suppose ray relative should be dead? Suppose Wilkinson should bo robbed of his money ? fall to tbe cutting of capers as a sailor newly delivered to the pleasures of tho land with ton guineas in bis pocket! get locked up for breaking tbo peace? blab of us in his cups, and start tho customs on our trail I There was no end to such con joctui'es; nnd I mado myself so melancholy that 1 was fool enough to think that the treasure wos no better than a curse, aud that on tho wbolo I was better off on tho ice than bore witb the anchor in English ground, and my native soil 'within gunshot. I was up andabouttiil midnight; and then, being iu tho cabin and exhausted, I fell asleep across the table, and in that ))osturc Iny as one dead. Some ono dragging at my arm with very littlo tenderness, awoke me. 1 was in tho midst of a dream of tbe schooner hnv ing boeu boarded by a jvuly of French privnteorsmen, with Tassard at their head, and thoroughness with which 1 was arousal was exactly calculated to extend into my waking tho horror anil grief of my sleep. I iuitoiiMy sprang to my feet, and saw Washington Cromwell. 'Massa Hodnoy,' ho bawled, 'Mnssa JW4 nty, do gent's 'longsido — bim an' Wilkinson — yaas, by de good Lord, dey'se Itoth derv' Deyhoil ine, tin' 1 unswer and nay .'Who ntv youT and dey say « Aro you do Bocaf ' U\ am,' I say, aud 'ley say' ? I had stood stupidly staring at bim; b;u my full understanding coining to mo on sudden, I jumjwd to tho ladder and darted - -u deck. I heard voices over the starboard and ran there. It was not so dark but that I could see tho outline of a Deal lugger Whilo I wus pocriug the voico of my inn;; Wilkinson cried out, 'Ou deck, there! Crom well— Billy— Where's Mr. Bodneyf' 'Here I ami' cried I. 'My God, Paul!' exelaimod tho voice of Mr. Mason, 'tbis encounter is fortunate in deed. 1 shouted to the uegroes to shown light, and in a fow minutes Mr. Mason, Wilkinson and a couple of Doal boatmen came over th. sido. I grasped my relative by both band.*. I bad not 6een him for four years. 'This is good of you, indeed!' I cri-*d. 'But you must be ]-erif.hed with 1 ho rold of that open boat. Come below at o»«v~ come. Wilkinson, and you men— there's u fin* in the cook room and drink to warm U6;' and dow n I bundled in tho wildest confusion of excite meut, followed by Mason aud tho others. My relative was warmly clad, and did not seeni to suffer from the cold. He took me by the hand and brought mo to the lantern light, and btood viewing me. 'Ay,' 6aid be, 'you arc your old self— a bit worried looking, but that'll pass. St int andburnod. Odd's heart! Paul, if you have passed through tho experiences Wilkin -ou has giveu mo a sketch of we must have your life, man; wo must have your lifo— for the booksellers.' ' row are your old Well, I need not detuin yon by reciting all tho civilities and congratulations which br and I exchanged. He nnd WilkiiiN-n had arrived ot Deal at :i o'clock that ofterjjoon, arid after a hurricil me.-tl hnd litivd n Jug^-r and started at oucc for Beachy Head. It \nts now U o'clock in tbe morning; and what I may consider a truly est i aoi-liiiary,cir«-n-ii- stance is, that they hud sailed us true a coui-se for tln^hooncr as if *!--- bad lain plain to the gaze at the vary M-uri : i hat siae i the night hud drawn down they lin-l m.-t ?vessel of any kind or description until ilvy cainnup to us; that in nil pcolndijlity tli--\\- woiild huve run sU'in on into us if lin y had liol seen our lights, aud thai thuir seeing t»i:i lights had caused them to bail u-, Ui-.'ir 'lS|;ip ahoyp being instantly answered by Crom well. 'Well,' said I, 'there are stranger thin-:. ! to toll of than this, even. Sow, V.'i]|;iii--,ii. and you, Billy and Cromwell, get us a good supper and mix a proper bowl, llownmnj more of you urc iu tho lugger -' . 'Four, sir,' said one of the boahnen. I 'Then feteb as many as inny safelv leave I tho boat,' said 1. 'Billy, got candles and j make a good light here. Throw ou coal, I boys; there's enough to carry us houie.' ' I saw Masou gazing curiously about bim, 'Tielikeataleoutof the 'Arabian Nights,1 I Paul,' bo exclaimed. 'Ay,' said I, 'but written in bitter prose, and no hint of enchantment anywhere. But, thank God, you aro comol I havo jwfsed a dismal timo of exiwetation, I promise you.' I added, sol'tly, 'I have something secret; wo 1 will sup first; man, I shall amaze you I We must talk apart presently.' Ho bowed his head Three more boatmen arrived, giving us tho company of five of them. Soon there wns a hearty sound of frying and a smell of good things upon tho air. Pitt put plates and glasses upon the cabin table, two groat bowls of punch were brewed, and in a little timo wo had all fallen to. 1 whispered Wilkinson, who sat next mo: 'Those boatmen know nothing of our business; I shall have to tuku Mr. Mason |apart and arrange with him. Those follows may not be fit for our scrvice. Lot no hint escape you.' 'Right, sir,' said be. Tbis I said to disarm bis suspicions should ho soo mo talking alouowith 5fr. Mason. Ho entertained us with an accouut of his excur sion to London, nnd then, partly to nppcaso tho profound curiosity of tho boatmen nnd partly to save timo when 1 should como to confer with my relative, I gnvo them thu story of my sbipwTcck, and told how 1 had mot with the schoouorand liowl had man aged to escape with her. 'And now, Mason,' said I, 'wliilo our friends here empty tbeso bowls, come you with mo to tbo cook room.' And with that we quitted the cabin. 'D'ye mean to tell me, Paul,' wns the first question my relativo asked, 'that this vessel was on tho ico cight-aud-forty years?' 'Yes,' I replied. 'Surely you dream?' 'I tbiuk not' 'What wo have boon cnt ing ond drinking, is thot forty-eight years old, too?'' 'Ay, nnd older.' 'Well, such a thing shall moko mo credu lous enough to duck old women for witches. But what braudy— ' what brandy ! Never hud spirit such a bouquet. Every pint is worth its weight in guineas to a rich man. To think of Deal boatmen and mggers swilling such nectar!' 'Mason,' said I, speaking low, 'give mo now your attention. In tbo run of tbis schooner aro ton chests loaded witb money, lwirs of silver and gold, nud jewelry. This vessel was a pirate, and her -peopU- valued their booty at £00.000 to £100,000.' His jaw fell. He stared as if ho knew not whether it was bo or 1 tbat was mad. 'Here is evidenco tbat I speak the truth,'' said I. 'A little sample only — but look at it)' And I put tho pirate enptain'.-j watch into his hnnd. He eyed it as though ho discredited the in telligence of his sight, turned it about nnd returned it to me witb a faint 'Heaven pre serve mo.' Then said he, still fnintly: 'Yon found sotuo of tho pirates alivef 'No.' 'Who told you that the people of the ves sel valued their plunder nt thnt amount?' I answered by giving him thu story of tho recover)* of tho Frenchman. Ho listened with a gnze of consternation. 1 saw hoiv it was; he believed my sufferings bad affected my reason. Thero wns only one way to settle his mind ; 1 took a lantern, nnd asked him to follow me. As we .'ivissed through tho cabin I whisijcn-d to Wilkinson that I meant to show- iny relativo thu lading below, aud bode bim keep the Deal men about him. I had tbo keys of the chests in my jKicket; lifting tho after hutch, we entered the lazomte, and Mason gazed about him witb astonishment. But I was in too great a hurry to return to suffer him to idly stand and stare. I opened tho second batch nnd descended into tho nun, and crawling to the jewel chost opened it, removed n few of the small arms, and badu him look for himself, 'Incredible! incredible!' he cried. 'Is it possible! is it possiblel Well, to lx« sure!' And for some moments ho could find no more to say, so amazed and confounded was he. 1 quickly sbowod him tho gold and silver ingots, and then returned tho flro arms uud locked the chests. 'These,' said I, emphatically, pointing tn tho cases, 'havo been my difficulty; uot the lading, though thero is value there too. My crew knew nothing of those chests— of their value, I moan: they believe them cases of small arms. How am I to get them ashore? If I toll thn truth, thoy will be seized as piratical plunder. If 1 Jequivocatc, I may tumblo into a pit of ditllculties. I durst mil enrry them to the Thames — the river swani!*. with thieves nnd custom house people. I am terrified to linger here, lest I bo boarded and tho booty discovered. There is but --::-- plan, I think ; we must biro somo Deal wmii;; , glers to run these cheats find the cargo for us. Tho boat now nJongsido might serve, , and I don't doubt the mon /iro to Ik» had ai their own price.' My relativo bad regained his wits, which tbo sight of tho treasure had tomironirily scattered, and surveyed me thoughtfully while 1 spoke, and then said, 'Let us return to tho flro; I think I have a better scheme than yours.' Tbo luon still sat around tho tablo tulking. Some liquor yet lay in one of tho l-owls, and tho fellows wero happy enough. 1 smiled at Wilkinson as I ]-assod, that ho might suppisc our inspection bolow very satisfactory, and 1 saw him look meaningly and pleasantly ut Washington Cromwell, who sat witb a lauod hat on his bead. ''Paul,' said Mason, sitting down and fold ing his arms, 'your smuggling plan will not do. It would bo tbe height of madness to trust those chests to the risks of running aud to tbo honesty of the rogues engaged in thnt business.' 'What is to be doner1 'Tell mo your lading, ' said ho. I gave it to him as accurately as 1 could. 'Wky/'hoexelaimed, 'a single boat would takealong timo todischarge yo; observe tbo perils— several boots would mean a largu number of mon; they would eat you up; thoy would demand so much you would havo uutumg uui,. rtjiu suppose tnoy opened ine cbostsl No, your scheme is worthless.' 'What's to do, then, in God's name?' ''I'll tell you!' he exclaimed, smiling with tbo coniplaconcy of a man who is master of a great fancy. 'I shall sail to Dover at once, 'Tis now a quarter past 4. Give mo twelve hours to make Dover; I shall post straight to London and be there by early morning. Now. Paul, attend you to this. Today is Wednes day; by to- morrow night you must contrive to bring your ship to ou anchor off Barkinc LoveL' ^ 'Tho Thames!' I cricd. Ho nodded. ? '~~ Hooked atlilm anxiously. He leaned to mo, putting his liand ou my leg. '1 own a lighter,' said he. 'She will ho olougsido of you at dusk. I have people of my on-u whom I can trust. The lighter wiil empty your hold and convey the hiding to a ship chartered by iuo, arrived from tbo Block sea on Sunduy and lying in the. pool. Tho stuff can be sold from that ship as it is ? 'But tbe chests— the chests, ilnsoiiP 'They shall bo lowered into another boat and taken ashore and put into a wagon tbat will bo iu waitiug — 1 in it— and driven to tuy 1 clapped him on tho shoulder in a trans port. 'Nobly schemed, iudeodl' 1 cried. 'But have wa nothing to fear from tbe customs people j1' 'No, not low down tho river and at dark. Ymi bring up for con venienro, d'ye see? Mind il is dork when you anchor. A liphter and bivtt shall he await ing you. It is down tbo riv«-r. yoti know, that nil the lumpers drop willi tli»' lightflrs they po ndrift in front chips' piiles, ThcreV more safety in smuggling over Tlintnns mud thu it on this coast shingle. One thought wore: You f-ny Hint Wilkinson be liever tlio chests hold small nrms?' 'Then n^rnimt. t«- bim for sending tbe clu'sis nwov separately by snjing lhat I hnve found n piuvhfwpr, und t lint Ibeynm going (o liiin dirprL You hnve vour cue— 30U see nil!'' 'All.' 'Lot mo liurry, then, Pnul. Tlinthrnndy fit-mid fW- li yuu hnlf a gninoii n pint. Y«hi ni«' in hiokV way, Paul. See thnt you bring ynur ship olotig wifely. Till to-morrow night!-' He Hrtxjwcl nnd wrung niyknnd.nnd ran into tho en bin, 'Now. Iwls, ofl* with up!'' ho cried. 'Off to Dov»»r! V111 hip u^hnre thrro stnnrtfy, nnd you shnll flnil your neennnt. O/T now — time presses!' Fiv«- iiiinufrs nftenvnnl the lio.it wns gone. When fni-tiuif fnlls in lovn with a man sbo mnkos liiin n lHUintenMs mistress. Every thing f'll out n-. I ohiM linvo desired. 'Wo got our nnrJior ut ?'-. nml l-v daybreak were off Hasting, jogging quietly nlotig toward London river, tin* weather conveniently ob scure, the w iit'l south, nml forty hours lieforu 11s to -1. 1 tli' run in. I exnetly explained my relative'* i-i'li-'iii'' t-- Wilkinson and tho others, wlin declared tlii'ins.')v«fl jwrfrvlly snlifi«-d, Wilkinson nil- lin^' thnt though he hnd not. o1iject»-il to tlie Iio.il smuggling proj'«et ho throughout euu»i-leri'd the risk heavy toadwiiture. 1 loJd Uniit thnt Mr. Mu.-on Itelievcvl lie could imin'iliuU.'ly find 11 pur chaser for tlio small nrms, in which «?.?}?-? tiny w--uM linvo to 1m- fii-nt privately ashore; nml to give ji jirojHT enlor to this ruse I made tliem puck nwav nil the remaining weapons in tbe arms room anil carry litem to the run, ready to lie taken with the oilior K Onre fairly round thu Foreland*, half niy anxieties foil fj niji 1 tie. Thorp wis uo longer the Fron-'h eniis-u' or privntj-rr t^) Iw f«ared ; fliul however wondoringly tbe jwople «jf my common figure nt niv schooner, tiny emtld find llo excuse to 1 ton !-il us. ]3r.-idra-, n-» J have said, 1 wim gruitly LoIjrhI by tho weather, which, cmtiniung hox.y. tiioiigh huppily never i-o thick as to oblige 1110 10 gtop, delivered me to the sight only of stn-h vessels o.s passed close, and offered iin-nnly OF, a mere emtulgc to the shore. Wo arrived off Uorking IjcvoI nt T «i'olook chor clow* to n lighter tliaL Jay tltero v.-itli ;i Jnrge lM-at bringing by her. It \v«s then wry dark. The lirst person to ronio 011 bonnl wa\ Mason, iie was followed by several n.on, ODC of whom he introduced lo ino ns his livaH clerk, who he mid would njo to tbe titdoud ing of the schooucr n.nd lo tho trAii^iiipment. of the goods to tho fcbip in tVm J'ool. ])p in formed mc tVint there was u covered vjiii waiting on shore; and tolling Wilkiiwou that tbe small arms hnd Ikvii disjjoM'il of, nnd that Mr. Mnsou would haml ov.-r the pro ceeds ou our culling Ht his oflice. 1 went with « party of my relative's men into the run, and presently had tbe whole of tho cherts in the boat. Mason went with her. Then, i*s she disopjwared iu the darkness, hut not till then, did I di nw the first ojisy breath I hnd fetched since th»»boiir of tlioooi lisioti of theljaugbing Mary with the i-vl-erg. A Bob shook mc; I bad gone through muHi: many wouderful thingR had happened to nip; 1 had been delivered frouiMioh iwrilsthot tin mere recollection of them will stir my hair, though it isyear&sinee; my Qrht duty I Unfw, and I discharged it by withdrawjug to my cabin, and kneeling w(ib hmubloand grut^ ful heart Itefore the throne of that being to whom I owed everything. POSTSCRIPT. 'Here concludes the remarkable narrative of Mr. Taul Rodney. It is to be wished that, be had found the patience to t*»ll us a littlo more. The circumstance of bis dying in 3-l23 worth £41,000 lends me to suspect that tils associate, Tassard, greatly exaggerated the value of the treasure. 1 an) aspired thnt he lived very quietly, and that the lady be married, who bore bim two children, Ixith of whom died young, was of a nun-like sini pllcity of cbnraetor, and loved show nnd ex trAvngancn as little os her husband. Heore them is ito reason to suppose that he squan dered any portion of tbe fortune that had in the most extraordinary manner ever heard of fallen into his bonds. I have ascertained that hn very substantially discharged tbo , groat obligation thnt his relative Mason laid { him under, and that his three men reeeivtHl ! £1,000 apiece. Jt is possible, then, that tho pirates were thflniBelvef deceived; that what they had taken to lie gold or silver ingots were not all so; or it might be that the caso , ? of jewelry was less valuable than the admir ? riflg and astonished eyes of a jilain sailor, j ' who admits that lie had never before seen ' i'oich a sight, figured it. J}o this, however, an it may, it is nevertheless certain, a/- proved by Mr. Rodney's la-st will and testaioent, that ; he did uncommonly well out of bis adveuture on the ice. Whatever may be thought of bis story of tbe Frenchman's restoratiou to life, in other directions Mr. Rodney's accuracy seems im- j j impoachaliL'. It is quite conceivable that a I / stoutly built vessel, loeked up in thu ico aud I t thickly glazed, should continue in an excel- I } lout Etate of prt2servation for years. The /?' confession of bis sui*rstitious fears exhibits honesty nud caudor. It is related tbat a CapL Warren, master of an English merchant chip, fouud a derelict in August, 1775, that had long been ice l-ound, witb ber cabins filled witb the bodies of tbe frozen crew. 'His own tailors, however, -would not Buffer him to search the vessel thoroughly, through superstition, and wished to leave ber imme diately.' A pity tbey did not try their hands at thawing one of the poor fellow's; the result might have kept Mr. Rodney's strange ex perience in countcnascel Accounts of vast bodies of ice, such as Mr. Rodney fell In with, w)U be found io the 'Bouth Atlantic Directory.' For instance: 'Sir James C. Ross crossed Weddel's track in lat. 65 degp. S., nnd where ho bad found an open sea Uoss found an ice pack of as im passable character, along which he 6ailod for 3G0 miles*, and again, when onlyldeg.be yond the track of Cook, who had no occasion to enter tho pack, Ross was navigating among it for fifty-six days. 'But these appear insignificant when com pared with a body of ico reputed to havobeen passed by twenty-one ships during the months of December, 1654, and January, February, March and April, 1655, floating in the South Atlantic, from lat. 44 dege. 6., long. 26 degs. W., to lat. 40 degs. 6., long. 20 deg6. W. Its elevation in do case exceeded 300 foot. The first account of it was received from the Great Britain, which, is December, 1654, waa reported to bavo eteamed fifty miles aJong the outer aide of tbe longer nhatiif. One ship was lost upon it; others embayed.' ? TBE BSD. Tbe vanilla bean is tlie costliest bean en earth. It flourishes in Mexico, chiefly in Papaatla cuid Minftntila. It grows wild, Ja gathered and marketed by tbe natives. 