ROY'S REPENTANCE, By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife," "Under False Pretenuces," "No Saint," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IIL-(Coy.ove ED.) "Listen," said Mr Carew, in a high, gasping voice, which had a strange and unnatural sound to Roy's ear, "listen. I have something to say. I withdraw my opposition. If you wish-to marry Rosan mond-I have no objection to make. I should like-I-to see her your wife be fore I die." Roy started. This was not what he had expected to hear. He was conscious of a curious sensation-something like an electric thrill-a shock that was not painful and yet had painful elements. :A vision of Rose's pale, tear-swollen face flashed through his brain. Some nf the sentences in Sir Kenrick's letter darted across his mind. And yet there was no appreciable pause before he answered steadily "I shall be the happiest of men on the day when Rose becomes my wife. But will shie consent 1" 3fr Carew looked at him for a moment, with the fixed, smiling gaze which Roy had already found so offensire, and then answered briefly " She has consented." " May I go to her I May I see her ?' cried Roy. His pulses were up to fever height already. " Presently-presently." The old man's voice was growing feeble, and he went on. "I want to see her settled ard happy-before I die. Can that be done 1" " If she will consent, it shall be done. I will get a special license, and before the end of the week-" "Bless you, my dear boy." Mr Carew extended his long while fingers, and pressed Roy's rather unwilling hand. " You will make me die happy. I am not so heartless as you thought me. Ido care, you see, for my Rose's future. And now you will ring the bell sharply twice." Roy did as he was desired-quietly enough, in spite of his inner excitement. It seemed to him as though the earth was reeling beneath his feet, as though the scenes before his eyes danced in a bewilder ing mist. There was an intense, exhilara. ting sense of defiance of the world, of heroic mastery over his own life: 'No reminder of the risk that he ran'in die obeying Sir Kenrick's express commands, of the danger to his prospects and the downfall of his friends' hopes, would at that moment havre had any effect upon him. " The world," he would have said, "were indeed well lost for love." The door opened to admit Rosamond Carew. She was pale, but she looked calm and self-possessed. Her eyes' hiad been bathed, her hair smoothed; she had even added a flower to her adornment, as if to show that she considered the moment an auspicious one. Roy was iu some respects a fastidious mat: he was not sure, in spite of his love- madness, whether he liked that flower. When Mr Carew was lying at the point of death, did it argue good feeling-or at least good taste -in his "adopted daughter" to bedeck herself with flowers 1 But the suggestion passed as quickly as it came, and he reproached himself for his cold-heartedness. Yet he did not like that flower-a delicate, hot-house blossom, too-as rare as it was costly ! Where on earth had Rose got it I He was recalled from these fancies to plain fact by the sound of Mr Carew's weak roice. "Rose, my dear," he said, "I have spoken to iMr Joscelyn, and told him that I withdraw any opposition that I hare made to his wishes and yours !" Was there a sneer in his voice I Joscelyn could not be sure, and did not care. He put out his hand, and drew Rose towards him. He noticed that her fingers were very cold, and that she did not return his kiss. Indeed, there was a sullen expression about her lips, a sombre light in her beautiful eyes which might have repelled a less ardent lover or a wiser man. In an hour Joscelyn was off to London. lie wanted to lay hands on a sum of money which stood to his credit in a London bank, to get possession of some family jewels which he meant Rose.to wear, and to procure a license for the marriage. It took him two days to accomplish these objects, and when, on the third day, he returned, hIe was alhnost prepared to hear that Mir Carew'n life had already ebbed away. But such had not been the case. MIr Carew was living, though most of his time was spent in a sort of stupor of exhaustion. Roy's arrival seemed to arouse him. He looked satisfied, and whispered his request that the marriage should take place at once. The special license did away with all diffi culties about time and place, and Roy very willingly agreed that the ceremony should be arranged for that very evening.. It was then-only then--that Rosamond de murred. "This evening-oh, no! wait, wait!" she said, drawing back. "iMy darling, why should we waiti?' asked Roy, reading an adorable tendei ness towards her guardian in this desire fordelay. But the girl only cata fright ened, agitated, glance towards lir Carew's pallid face, which was turned towards her with the ghost of its old jeering smile. " Yes, why should you wsitl" hesaid. I "I shall not trouble you long. This evening, Roy. I should like to witness the caremony." It was a asrange wedding. A clergy man from a neighbouring parish had been asked to officiate, as Roy know that it was cruel to expect lMr. Profeit to do so. That poor gentleman was already in the direst plight of alarm and anxiety, he had had letters from Sir Kenrick (confined to his bed by an attack of gout) and from Mirs. Desmond, in plenty; he had called at the farn, he had expostulated with Mr. Carew, with Roy, with Rose herself, and all to no effect. And soan the Rev. James Nicol, from the next village, coame at six o'cloek that erening, and joined tl'e hands and heard tie vows of Roy Joascelyn and anrid Rsmond Carer. The old man lay and listened to the solemn words of the marriage- serrice with a sort of mocking interest. When it was over, he called Rosamond to his side. " Come and kiss me, my dear," he said. "I wish you happiness. I have certainly done my utmost to secure it Your vows had a pretty ring about them. 'Love, honour, and obey'-were not those the wordsl Look to it that you keep your promises." And Jnoacelyn, glancing at his wife's beautiful face, saw that it was as white as snow. CHAPTER IV. ",\s A DREsat Wnu" Ose AwiAEzTm." In the turmoil and confusion of the previous three days, Roy had scarcelyhad time for doubt or fear. Besides, he had been enveloped in his triumph of love as in a coat of mail, through which no earthly enemy could touch him. He seemed to himself to be lifted into a ser ener air, a clime of brightness aid ever lasting exultation. Be walked amhng men as a prince in disguise, thinking to himself-" If they but knew what a king: dom is mine own!" It was a phase of folly which most men pass through, and laugh at when it is paast And yet howin finitely poorer would their lives have been without it! But now, in the very realislatidnof his desire, a cold chill of feair attacked him. His glance at Rose's face w'as not reassur ing. Had sle been in aiy 'oa'y'coerced into thismarriagsel She hed'nevet'r'et said that sthe loved him. When alone with her, he could not fear to put his thought into words. , "My darling," he said, kneeling down before her, as she sat in a low chair in the little parlour of the old farm.house, and putting his arms gently round her waist, "my own darling, you will never regret what you hare done, will you You have nuot been hurried in any way? At a word from you I would have waited--but he told me that you consented, and I hare scarcely had time to hear your consent from your.own sweet lips. Was there ever a wooing or a wedding so strange and swift as our has been, my Rose I Tell me now, at least, that you lore me, and that you will trust me to make you happy.' She smiled at him rather uneasily. "Oh, yes," she said, "I trust you perfectly." "And love me, Rose 1" " Oh, of course," she said, with a laugh that jarred upon his ear. "Why else should I have married you 1 You haven't a fortune to give me, you know." Then, seeing perhaps that he was hurt, she leaned to wards him and kissed his forehead.. " I care for you, not for a fortune," she said, lightly. / ? I , ' ? "My loie !But'I have-eomething to give you, though it is not a fortune. A-re you fond of pretty things, like all women o These were my mother's jewels; I have brought them from London for you." He opened the cases and showed hiee their contents. "There is nothing especially valuable," he said, "except this diamond pendant and the-bracelets.- The pearls-are good, however; my mother weore those on her wedding-day. The diamonds will suit you best, Rose--or this set of emeralds." "Oh,- they're -lovely!" cried - Rose, with enthusiasm.. Her colour rose, and her eyes danced -with delight. "Oh, do let me put temon, just to ? oewe he they look. I never wore real jewellery before \---oly Palais Royal things. eIy good ness, what a lot they must have cost !" She clasped, the necklace round her throat and the bracelets on her wrists, then rose and surveyed herself in the little looking-glas over the mantel-piece. "I can't see myself here," she said, craning her neck to get a better view, utterly regardless of Roy, who stood by with the empty cases and thought of Gretchen- only poor Roy would have made a very indifferent Mephistopheles; and not much of a Faust, when all was said and done !-and admired i his wife's exquisitely rounded contour and velvety richness of colouring to- his heart's con tent. "I'll tell youiwhratI''ll do,'! she said, turning to him at last "There's a good looking:glaeu'in"Mr Carew's room. I'll just ran up end take a look at myself in it. It's the best glass in the house." Roy caught her hand. "Rose, Rose! think what you are doing! My darling, do not:disturb a dying man in that any. You have forgotten.". - She paused, glanced at him sideways, and ..then burat into -a laugh which startled him by its likeness to Mr Carew's sneering tones. - \--:- -(To be contitued)._ - 