MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC PERFORMANCE. THE members of St. Luke's and Excelsior Mutual Improvement Society held a very pleasant social evening at the Albert Hall, Clifton Hill, on Thursday evening. 23rd inst., when a number of mutual friends gathered to enjoy the varied programme presented. Mr. W. Redden ocoupled the chair, and Mr. A. Osmond ably fulfilled the duties of pianist. The programme for the evening was divided into three parts, the firt being devoted to music and recia tions, the second to a dramatic performance, the third and last being of a character appreciated by all, viz., dancing and refresh. ments. The evening opened with a pianoforte solo by Miss Prentice, and was, as most of this young lady's contrihutions are, very satisfactory. Messrs. \Vicks and Kemp then gave "The quarrel between Brutus and Cassius." Miss Osborne next singing, "Snow'-white Rose," very nicely. A comic recitation by Mr. Sibthorpe created amusement, Miss Radden succeeding with a song, "Never again will he come." This was well appreciated by the audience. Mr. R. Wicks recited "The speech of Henry V. at Harfleur," when Mr. MeCullagh gave a comic recitation, "Ennis Carthy," which caused general hilarity, and in response to a determined encore recited "Killooley." The next item was a recita tion by Mr. Simpson, " The bridge keeper's story," which was very much liked indeed. A comic song by Mr. H. Henderson, " Very near it," was encored, and "Come down and open the door" given in response. Mr. J. Sibthorpe recited "The drunkard's vision,"' and Mr. Gowdie finished the musical portion by singing "Sing me an English song," in very good style. The three scenes from Hamlet were then performed, the characters being sustained by the following gentlemen :-Mr. F. Gucrero (Hamlet), Mr. G. Kemp (Horatio), Mr. F. Maguire (Marcellus). Mr. G. Hill (Bernardo), Mr. R. Wicks (Francisco), Mr. Hutchens (the Ghost). All things considered, the performance was given in fairly commend able style, but the actors should take to heart the advice given by the author of the play, " Cromwell, I charge thee, fling away ambition." Hamletis the last play amateurs should think of undertaking; itis regarded as the test even for professionals. The chairman spoke a few words in regard to the object of the Social. It was. given for the purpose'of getting the young men to join the club and to bring them altogether on a more friendly and social footing. He also wished to draw their attention to the demonstration of the societies to be held on the 29th inst., which promised to be a most unusual success, and at which he trusted the St. Luke's and Excelsior Mutual Improvement Society would come out in great form. Refreshmentaanddancingwere then indulced and made a most enjoyable ending to the evening's pleasnre. The committee and joint secretaries,Messrs. Dutton and Maguire, were indefatigable in their endeavours to promote the general enjoyment. 