REV. PRINCIPAL RAINY IN BALLARAT The Rev. Robert Rainy, D D., professor of church history and princrpal of New College, Edinburgh, preached three sermons in Ballarat yesterday. In the morning he occupied the pulpit Kt St Audrevv’s Church, when the budding \us crowded, seals being placed don u the aisles. Principal Rainy chose ns Ins text. Psalm xl, 1, ‘I united patiently for the Loid, and he inclined unto me and heird my cry.” The evening ser 'ice nas at St John’s Church, Ballai at East, when the rev. gentleman preached from St John, \ i , 67 and 6S— 11 Then said Jesus unto the tuelve, ‘ Will ye also go away ’ Theu Simon Peter ansnered him, ‘ Lord, to whom shall we go ’ Thou hast the noi ds of eternal life'” The church was crowded in e\cry part ‘ I The principal senice was that held in the Academy of Music. The Urge hall was thronged, there being fully 2000 persons pre sent Pnncipal Rainy based his remarks upon St. John i\ , 35 and 36—“ Lift up your eyes and look on the fields, for they are white already to ban eat And he that reapeth leoeueth wages, and gatheieth fruit unio life eternal, that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together ” This saying of the Lord followed upon Ins wonderful conveisation with the woman of Samaria, in which he bi ought her so much nearer to him than she had been before, until he unveiled him self to her as the Messiah that was to come The disciples came after the woman had left, and asked the Lord to eat. He, however, was too full of the subjects he had been conversing about, and gav e utterance to the words contained in the text There were three things to engage their attention in it the harvest, the reapers, and the reapers’ reware He thought all Christians, if they kept their ey es open, should see the harvest ready • the question was, how could it be reaped This harvest of souls appealed to Christ as the only possible and self sufficient Saviour. The farmer sowed his seed and watched its growth with anxiety, aud there was gladness when the harvest was gathered in But there was one above all others who “ went foith weeping, bearing precious seed with him;” he was “a man of sorrows and acquainted with griefs ’ He watched with a divine solicitude the hus bandnian never knew, and when he gathered in his harvest there would be such joy as the world had never known The npemng might mean the ripening of Christian souls before their translation to glory, or it might refer to the more or less hopeful condition of a nation for being gathered into the church. It was this lattei the preacher thought Christ was referring to. It was the duty of all to yield to the Gospel; but it was equally true that there were con ditious of life when human souls appeared more ready for pardon; when the Son of God, looking at each, might say, “Thou art not fat fiom the Kingdom of God ” Communities might be in the same condi tion There were periods in this wonderful human lustoiy of ours when it became a more pressing thing than ever to win souls. This whitening to harvest might be dis cerned by spintu il insight, just as our Lord told His disciples tbit there was a glorious oppoitumty foi reaping souls for God. Of course it was necessary to work when they could not see such signs, but there were times when they could be seen plainly He supposed our Lord referred also on this occasion to the opening of the New Testament dispensation; and nas draw mg his disciples to view the order of things when ho would gli o Himself for the unjust, to save them, and would rise to God to plead their cause, and when the Holy Ghost was to be given He supposed the Saviour wanted his disoiples to look round and see that the world was npe for the harvest It waswoudeiful how easily liboreis gave in to discour igement, as though the word of God could ful All things were ready, and never knew at what moment, and under what ciicumstances, and in what degree, and with what glorious manifest ations, God might show his power in suing souls They ought to fed, when things looked then blackest, that the unseen condi tion of prep ireduess existed, out of w Inch had come, and might again, sudi developments of the power of G«d as would astonish the Christian world and gliddtu the heart of Christ himself Did the text not suggest that something depended upon the watchful ness of the re ipers ’ Was it not true of Christian workers that they were too ready to go about their w ork bee inse it was their duty—with dim eyes and cold heart,-dis couraged, when the Lord was saying, “Lift up y’our eyes aud look on the fields, for they are white already to the harvest’" Too often ministers eng iged in their work with out thinking or feeling that anything par ticular could come to pass Yet how near sillation was 1 Look at the Samaritan woman 1 She was living and hardened in sin Pleased of a chance of teasing a Jew, she went to the well as thoughtless as any one; yet there she met the pity and love of Const Never more was she to go forth a poor, lonely, sin stricken woman. Hei life was quickened at the well, aud all things were made new to her There were many now who attended reh gious ordinances because it nas proper to do so, but they had no hold upon religion Perhaps they might think they were not exactly thesoit of people saints were made of. Some piesent might leave that place as they euteied, the evening might find them us the morning had; Christ might have another sorrow in his heart Yet silvatinn was near to them. It was there ready to occupy their hearts They’ might then begin to call on the name of God, to be acquunted with One who would remind them of all they ever did; they 7 might go home having found a friend above ill others, and with a gladness in their heaits they could not conceive As to the reapers, they w ere distinguished from the sowers Clnist was the greit sower, and all Ins servants were but re ipers Their work was to gather whe e another had sowed. The message of the re ipers was simple but need ful; the harust could not be gathered till the reapeis went to work The question for each was—an I doing anything to help on the work of githcrmg iu souls for Christ. If not, where was their sympathy with the Saviour. Then there was the reiper’s reward to consider Forgiveness of sm and access to heaven would be sufficient wages for the work done But it was after another manner the Lord dealt with his servant The reward of being assi ci ited with the Saviour was great It ltd up to a condition of things in which he and they would rejoice together, and this was tin ir leward They would have fellowship with Christ in his reward. Whit was this’ Was it not on one hand the inwaid sense of the Father’s un speuk ble love aud upprobition ’ In this be called on workers with linn to share Was it not alio joy 7 at the result of his work in the world’ In that the reapers would share also. Tins was his view of the world and its complex conditions There were in terests in politic*, art, science, business, and reasonable recreition, all these things were real. But the Su lout's eye saw in them all a possible harvest of souls. That was the great interest above all others, and all in terests must harmonise with it if they were to hav e n liw ful claim upon the Christian s attention. 