MAD NELLY'S CURSE. A True Ghost Story. By JOSEPHINE BLACK. Continued. " Yes," said Father Delaney, "I shall arrange it gladly. The thought did strike me to suggest to you, that amidst all your house-warming, and all your rejoicings over your possession of the old place, which rejoicings are not only innocent, but calculated to be of benefit to you, and to all around you, that you should have a true Catholic blessing of the house, and a Mass said in it as soon as possible. I believe we are all Catholics here, to whom I speak," he added, looking round. " All Catholics," answered Lily, " and I have just thought that it would be beautiful if you could say a daybreak Mass for us on Christmas morning. I know that we could not have midnight Mass, but, say, six o'clock on Christmas morning would be the next best thing, if it would not be trying on you, father. We might let the people round know, and all offer their prayers and communions in reparation for the sins of our pre decessors, as well as to ask a blessing for ourselves." "Then that," cried the priest, " would be the actual realisation of the old priest's words, for the prayers of the innocent would be offered to atone for the sins of the guilty. You will forgive me alluding again, to a subject so much involved in supersti tion, but this does bear out the story in a very remarkable manner. Six o'clock Mass by all means, let it be. It is my duty to say the early mass at —— at eight, so I can more easily say it for you, than if my ap pointed Mass was later. I shall mean time, arrange all in reference to it." Next morning, great excitement reigned. I cannot tell you how many different stories there were, of sounds and voices throughout the old house the night before. The most wonder ful story of all, was that of Emily Casey, who, with her sister, occupied the room which, as we have seen, my wife had utilised for them, it having once been occupied by the old squire. She declared that she was startled some time after she got into bed, by the sound of a deep sigh coming from the direction of the fire place. She had not, as yet, extinguish ed her light, as she was sleepless— or afraid to be in the dark, as her brother suggested. Be that as it may, she distinctly beheld the old squire dressed as in his picture, standing on the hearth-rug. She said that he looked round the room with a terribly agonised expression in his eyes, and then, sitting down in a low chair at the fire, hid his face in his hands and groaned. She wakened her sister, but when that young lady rather re luctantly opened her eyes, there was nothing to be seen. She assured Emily that she had been asleep with out knowing it, and, after all she had heard concerning "the old squire," had dreamt that she saw his figure. Emily was not in the least shaken in her faith in the reality of the appari tion, and I am afraid some rather envied her ; but breakfast over, one and all joined in forwarding the Xmas preparations, especially those for the great event— the six o'clock Mass. How these women did work. They seemed to be everywhere. One of them in the wood cutting holly and ivy, in the hall, in the old kitchen amongst the old women of the dis trict ; but the very strongest contin gent centred in the dining-room. The long table, covered with holly and evergreens, was surrounded by wreath makers, and their attendants of the male sex, picking out the nice bits and clipping them ready for the fair deft fingers. During the day the news went far and wide, of what was going on up at Ballytyner, and now and then, curious faces would come peering in at the windows to watch the prepara tions. A few old crones were per mitted to place themselves, knitting, on the seats inside the great chimney of the immense kitchen, to watch the preparations going forward there and to pass their remarks. "Oh, but it's the grand times surely ! Well, well, to think of a Ca tholic Tyner in Ballytyner, and all getting ready for Mass in it. No wonder the "old squire" would come out of his grave. And the Mass to be in the dark, early morning, too. Well, well, it's the lucky day for the poor they came, any way. They will be the good master and mistress. That's easy seen." It was towards nightfall, about four o'clock, that the workers in the old diningroom were startled from their careless chatter by a very unusual occurrence. Lily was carefully placing a snowy linen cloth on the improvised altar in the window. In the other sat my mother and Emily Casey, holding between them a long wreath with the motto : " Gloria in Excelsis," which was to drape the arch above the altar. A merry group surrounded the table, preparing the finishing decora tions. All were startled by the doors of the old oaken press bursting open. A nameless something — a white figure, and yet hardly to be called a figure--- something white and cloudy, like a pillar, flitted out of it across the room, across the wreath, which my mother and Emily held between them, and out of the closed window. It was with a hushed and solemn feeling, that all worked after that. I am sure many a wise resolution was formed for a better and wiser life, for truly there was something weird about the old place--- enough to bring serious thought to the most thoughtless. I think it would be hard to tell how impressive a scene was that early Mass. All the pictures of sacred subjects we possessed had been placed on the walls and wreathed with evergreens. The poor old squire's picture had been removed. A reverent congregation filled the room and crowded the hall outside. Nay, a group of earnest faces peered in at the bay-windows from without. It was cold, but clear and frosty, with a soft starlight, and these early watchers at the Crib seemed well con tent. A harmonium had been placed at the end of the room. Solemnly did our improvised choir chant the " Asperges," as for the first time a Catholic priest sprinkled those walls with the holy water. Through the house he passed, followed by a small and reverent procession. Solemnly did the ever beautiful "Adeste Fideles" fall in its sweet tones on that kneeling crowd, gathered for the first Mass within those walls. What a rollicking breakfast there was in that huge kitchen, for all those who had come from a long distance to the Mass. What deep, earnest Christ mas prayers rose for us that morning. Many a Mass has been offered there since, and many a good Catholic blessing has been uttered in place of poor Mad Nelly's curse. A very promising race of the Old Faith have taken root in Ballytyner, but the unquiet spirit of "the old squire," and the apparition of his phantom coach, have been seen no more. Concluded. 