FTo the Editor of the Northern Araus.~\ Sir — I would have liked to continue the discussion on this subject had Mr. Eiffe answered my previous letter, instead of reiterating his previous unsupported affirma tions, and telling me that I had helped him. That was what I tried to do. I did not write in antagonism to Mr. Eiffe, but as he i eeemed to take an interest in the land question I eought to help him to a right conclusion. I am afraid I scarcely deserve the honor he would thrust upon me of being 'either a single tax or land nationalist. But some of the leaders in these movements are personally known to me, and I believe they are thoroughly patriotic men, seeking not their own good, but the welfare of the people of South Australia, especially that of the producers. And 1 ask that the farmers shall not be scared at ghosts of their own raising, but accept the assistance of these colonists whose interests are identical with oars, so also are their aims, only they are seeking the same end by a means not under stood by the majority of farmers. United with them the farmers would rule, but while the monopolists can keep these two parties in antagonism to each other they hold the balance of power. I regret that Mr. Eiffe has so little knowledge of the alphabet of political economy as to call a ' pen' or ' wheat' land. Even a houee, though bricks, mortar, and stones are actually parte of the earth's eurface, a ?choolboy would scarcely be so obtuse as to call it land. To say that 'Government officials always over value the land, and under value the improvements' is a sample of Mr. Eiffe's reckless statements, and is a libel on our civil servants. I can bring scores of instances where the Government officials have rather under valued than over valued the land. Here is another equally unsupported by facts, though introduced as a model fact. ' AgeB before Mr. George was born there was a population in Aus tralia, and during the several centuries that they occupied the country the land never increased in value. Here is a real fact which shows that population does not in crease the value of land. After several centuries, during which the land of Aus tralia had not increased in value.' How does he knew that the land never in creased in value when held by the blacks ? They fought with each other to gain or retain possession of it, and they must there fore have pot a value on it, yet the first in habitants must have obtained it free. And after the arrival of the English it took very little and sometimes very distant improve ments to make its value 20s per acre. No, Mr. Eiffe, land had increased in value before ever a white man set foot on the soil. The arrival of population and settled Govern ment immediately increased its value with out the aid of improvements. With refer ence to the ' case of pure imagination,' the 10 industrious and indolent farmers, I am prepared to point out the farms where these changes have taken place if Mr. Eiffe would like to risk the loss of £5 to some charity in Glare. - Single-tax men must feel thank thankful for the information ' that single tax, according to all ite advocates, is to be an increasing quantity/' and the cool egotism with which be concludes his letter is almost beneath notice, but doubtless feel ing that your readers would not share his opinion, or see reason where there is none, he thought it necessary to inform them that bis principles had ' come out of the ordeal more. firmly established than ever.' I wonld ask Mr. Eiffe to consider the single tax and land nationalisation more carefully, and see if there is any element of good in them that can be turned to the farmers' benefit. Not to conjure them up in his fer tile' imagination as something inimical to the farmers' interests. There are intelligent farmers in this district professed land' nationalists, and many more would sympa thise with it if they understood it better. I am, Sir, Sec., W. J. Gbohge. 