MY FUTURE WIVES. BY A PROSPECTIVE WIDOWER. I should very much like to know whether other men's wives pick up their future spouseB for them as mine does. Before I was married I was, of course^ like Other young bachelors, recommended by my relatives and friends to marry this or that young lady, if she was to be won. These selections averaged about three per week for a period of seven or eight years. When I married I naturally expected such recommendations to cease, and so they did for a time, but they soon sprang up again from a totally unexpected quarter; not so numerously as before, but still quite as seriously and urgently. It is now, not my friends, but my wife, who picks out my future helpmates for me. Though a dear creature, she is rather emotional. It generally takes her after mealsj and plays havoc with hef digestion. When she is emotional she is given to looking into the future, and when she is extra emotionel, which happens after an unusually square meal, she always gets speculating on what will happen when sbe is dead and gone. An early grave is, I believe, the prerogative and birthright of most married ladies. They evidently find it to be a source of comfort and joy, and none, I hope, would be brute enough to wish to deprive them of it. And the more robust the lady and the more a life insurance agent would contemplate her " points" with satisfaction the more loes she seem to rely upon an early grave to vindicate her character, to recompense herfer ijer tribulations, and incidentally to supply gall and wormwood for the private con sumption of her relict and her friends. Well, when my wife is emotional, she tirst of all opens this early grave, but she does not stop there. She looks beyond the grave, not only for herself, but fur me. This is an admirable self-sacrifice on her part. She starts from the time when her coffin lid is nailed nicely down, and then makes all the prospective arrangments that a thoughtful woman could for my subsequent welfare. In doing this she lays it down as a postulate that I shall marry again. Widowers, she sajrp) always marry again before the turf is green over t}ie departed one. I have occasionally demurred to this state' ment, and pointed to many widowers we have both known who have failed to do so. But she crushes me at once with some awful statistics. She gets them, I believe, from the Married Woman's Shield and Home Bulwark, which she reads in bed till 1 in the morning every day of its publi cation, waking me up at intervals with ejaculations such as " Ah! ah!" in a tone of triumph, or " Ho, ho !" with a chuckle to follow, or " The monsters !" in a voice of fierce invective, which raises my hair on end all over the pillow. These statistics prove, beyond a doubt, not only that more widowers marry than bachelors, but that more get married than there are men altogether. It being proved, therefore, that shall marry again, the only question is whom. That is the question my wile pro ceeds to answer, and i should like to men tion a few of the wives who have been prescribed for me, at different timos, and after different menus. The first lady whom she chose to sue ceed her was Miss Jenks, her bosom friend before marriage. ThiB choice was made and confided to m<i on a walk we took to the country, after a breakfast of bread and milk and bacon. I am particular in introducing the preceding meal, be cause I hope in time to be able to trace the law of connection between the meal and the elected. I have since got used to having my *' future " chosen for me; but on this, the first occasion, I was consider ably startled. It was a beautiful summer's day, and we bad been listening to the larks <fcc, and were strolling along a lane, think tag, as I thought, of nothing at all, wheu suddenly my wife, who looked the picture of rosy health, seized my arm, and, looking up into my face 6aid," John, I must tell you something now, this minute—I am going to die young; I shall have an early grave:' I have, of course, danced metaphorically on that grave scores of times since; but was much shocked at its fiirst introduction and tried to reassuie Eliza on the subject of her health, as vouchsafed for at the breakfast table. She put my reassurances aside with a melancholy 6mile, and continued—" That is not the point at all. John. I shall die, and you shall marry again, of course. N ow what I want you to promise is that you will marry none other but Clara Jenks." I knew the Jenks, of course, well. Ayoung married man soon gets to know his wife's bosom friends remark- ably well—too well, in fact. The Jenks was a tertium quid between us whom I could not even chew, much less digest. I tried to meet this startling proposition by the jocular method of defence. I said that was good, that was—I had never heard anything better; and said no doubt I Should hare high jinkB wiih Miss Jenks. But this humorous treatment only brought pearly tear from the corner of her eye on to the poriico of her left nostril; so, fearing her mind was slightly affected, I determined to try the soothing treatment.- I said I waB her own, to do as she liked with, and that rather than hurry her to an early grave, I would bind myself to the Jenks. Jenks it should be, and no other ; corkscrew curls, suspicion of fake front, hands in open-worked silk gloves, redness of nose on cold mornings, and all. This being settled, my wife suddenly recovered her spirit, danced gaily over tea, and then ate a regular goriHandising lunch. When Jenks came next to stay with us, I soon found that sbe was aware of her reversionary property in me. She put on the gazelle as near as it could be done for the age, and she took on herself the oversight of my wardrobe in the moBt unblushing fashion. I consoled myself with the reflection that, if my wite ran her allotted span, Jenks would be at least 90 before she could claim her mate in reversion, and then I could easily rrn away from her. But it will never come to that now, for the two ladies had a dreadful quarrel soon after. I never knew what it was about, but 1 know that Jenks was evertliiog that was bad, and I was commanded to erase her from my inmost thoughts. But I dirt not long rejoice in a prospective tree widowhood. We happened soon after to go to the seaside, and there, at a genteel boarding-house, we met Mrs. Captain Howler, a buxom widow. I need not enter into details of the Kowler reversion. My wife took to the Howler at first sight; they were friends before bedtime, confidential the next day, and before the end of the week sworn sisters, with garments of several kinds in common. Ten days after our arrival, there was on the table of the boarding- house a fine round of beef, of which I remember my wife partook freely, even going the length of suet dumpling. We took a walk on the pier after dinner, when the emotion came on in full force, and we had the early grave again with all its consequences, one of which was that I should pledge myself to the Howler. Now, I knew nothing about the Howler, nor my wife either, for that matter; we had neither of us seen either her husband's death certificate nor her marriage lines; but, nevertheless, she would not stir off the pier till 1 had solemnly pledged myself. I was really quite ashamed of my weakness, but what can you do when your wife won't stir, and the rain comes down in torrents 1 What sbe told the Howler I do not know, but the next day and every day after, that lady beamed on me unctiously, gave me her dog to water, and her cheques to cash, and before our fortnight was up called me "John." The two ladies arranged endless mutual visits, and when I parted from my future wife it was in the full expectation of seeing her at our place in London in a week. Before that time, however, the Howler's cheques had all come back marked u No effects," and a polite letter of inquiry was returned " Left: no address." Exit Howler. Things went on pretty quietly after this till the next spring, when my wife had quite a succession of attacks ot the early grave, consequent, as far as I could fathom, on the early asparagus. It was during this reign of emotion that I pledged myself to Miss Jowle, an earnest district visitor, who privately took snuff; and, after her, tn the contingent survivor of the three sisters Skympy, who had fascinated my wife by their skill in crewels. The history of my " lutures" after this would be rather monotonous to read, though it was being lively enough to go through. I will only add that they hr.ve comprised every va riety of the female 6ex, except that notable for mere beauty. Meanwhile, thank Heaven, Eliza keeps quite hearty.— Standard. Momma—" Why did you tell me a lie, JoAinie V Johnnie—" Because, mamma, you didn't give me time to think up a truth that would fit" " We would like to eee your mother, if she is not engaged." Seven-year-old—"Engaged ! Goodness, ehe WAS engaged long ago, and got married belore I was born." Mrs. Jonathon Trump—" What is the matter with young Darlington 1 lie's goininto the conservatory with Dollv Flicker, as white as a ghost," Mins Penelope'Peachblow— " Going into a decline, I take it. from what I know ot Dolly." 