LITERATURE The Storyteller. Without Love or License.* A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. CHAPTER V. TOOTELL IS PUZZLED. BY HAWLEY SMART, Author of "From Post to Finish," &c.;, &c.; "I dont' understand it, and I don't quite like it," said Mrs. Mercer dogmatically, as she sat in the Dragon bar parlour convening with her husband and Mr. Brent. " Well, I don't much like it myself," replied Joe. " It's rather too risky a speculation for my taste." " Nonsense!" said Brent, " who's to suspect you ? Did you over make so muoh money in the time before ? Business is just in full swing now. Another eighteen months and our fortuno is made." " That's all true enough," rejoined Meroer; " but it's a dangerous game, and I wish I had never started on it." " Stuff and nonsenra!" retorted Brent, "we won't tso into particulars. Who risks most, I should like to know—you or I?" "Thatdon't very much matter," said Joe. " When you are bu«ted, it don't signify how muoh you're busted." *' Come, come," said Brent soothingly, "it's no use funking now. You've sailed as close to the wind many a time, I'll be bound." " Never!" said the other emphatically, as he brought his fist down on the table. " I've not been orer particular, I admit, but I never went an far aa this before. It's all vory well; you've been playing a game of hide and seek all your life—l haven't; there has never been anything against me that I couldn't faoe." " Oh, oome!" rejoined Brent, " you needn't go bragging about your oharacter now. Re* member, if you out the whole business to morrow you are in just the same scrape on if you carried it on for another year or so. I'm not a rioh man, and have got too muoh money in this business to drop such a paying eoneern. You must go on." " That's true, missis," said Joe, turning to his wife. " I'll back out as Boon as I can, but it can't be yet." " Just so," said Brent. " Now look here, we've been a little imprudent trusting to the ghost stories to keep the girls out of the old ballroom. We've been weak enough to leave the key in the look. There is nobody but the maids, I suppose, ever goes near it?" " No," replied Mm. Mercer, " and neither of them dare go inside, I'll pound it." "It was Dan's turn on, so I wasn't down stairs. He said he heard voices in the ballroom thin afternoon. It v well I had a special key made. That door must .be kept looked in future." " I can't think who it could have been," said Meroer, whose faoe betrayed unmistakable signs of uneasiness, " but I'll take good care that the room is kept locked in future." And here the appearance of Sarah with an inquiry as to whether supper was ready put an end to the conversation. Fred Hallatoo on his way home to Exeter became suddenly conscious of a violent desire to learn all he could about the coast lore of Devonshire. He determined to set to work and pick up all the smuggling legends he could lay his hands on, and those oonneoted with the old Dragon Inn in particular, but he did not think proper to disclose his newly-acquired informa tion for the benefit of his brother officers at dinner that evening. On the oontrary, when questioned about his proceedings by his par ticular chum, Dioky Chives, he was peculiarly retioent oonoeraing them, and was so unusually silent that that worthy at last remarked drily that, whatever he had been doing, it didn't seem to have agreed with him. Young men in Fred Hallaton's state are either apt to be silent or (worse still) garrulous, and then, an most of us have painful experience, they wax eloquent only on the one subjeot. Hallaton had attained his twenty-fifth year, and this was the first time he had ever been seriously attracted by a woman's charms. He had spent only two afternoons in Sarah's society and was already entangled in a despe rate flirtation with that young lady; in con siderable danger, if he only knew it, of making an arrant fool of himself! The game was too uneven; he was over head and ears in love with her, whilst Sarah, though about his own ago, was years older in all knowledge of affairs of thehoart. If hor flirtations had been numerous, no ono of thorn had oost her a regret. It was the cool calculating player against tho impetuous novice. Needless to add that tho game was in the former's hand*, and that the latter would be evontually at her mercy—hers td do what she willed with, to toss on one side or to take to herself a husband. Chives, however, at the present had not tho slightest suspicion that his comrade was bo stricken; he often chaffed Fred about being "a lady'a man," but that meant no more than that Hallaton was a ball-goer, fond of society, and not afraid of a woman when he met one. Dicky Chives knew in bis heart that ho was; he would have sto.Td up without flinching to the biggcBt rough, if he httd insulted him, but to converse with v lady always threw Dioky into a state of norvouu bewilderment. He hud aeen Hallaton paying groat attention to a handsome girl during the cricket match, but he had no idea of who Sarah was or what was her station. To see Fred doing oaviilior was no now sight, nnd, though ho laughingly pre dicted that his weakness that way would prove his ruin, Mr. Chives really thought liih ohum perfectly well nble to take oaro of himself, and ■would have manifested muoh incredulity if anybody had suggested that Hallaton wan in a fair way to get. himself into a terrible scrape. However, it was little likely that Fred's visit to tho Dragon would cease at present- Nor was it likely that they would be long before they came to the knowledge of Dicky Chives. But there was another person who Buopeoted the continuation of the flirtation that he had seen commenced on Exmouth Cricket Ground, and that was Mr. Tootell. Anything of that kind was a perfect godsend to the old gossip, who, sinoe his retirement from business, had taken the supervision of all the love-making in Exmouth under his own care, and had in con sequence run more than one narrow escape of being kioked for his pains. People are tome times misunderstood; but Mr. Tootell's unap peasable curiosity was quite understanded by the people of Exmouth. He was dying to know if anything more had oome of that promising beginning, and, when he had seen Hallaton coming from the direction of the Dragon, he had done his best to learn from him whether he had been there. If this was so, it would make the inn highly interesting. He oould see how old Joe Mercer was getting on, and superintend Sarah's little affair at tho same time. He rubbed his hands with satisfaction; but here the "something bitter" arose, as he reflected that they were desperately impetuous young people to meddle with. Mr. Hallaton'B manner, he oould but acknowledge, upon the one occa sion on which he had spoken to him, had been far from friendly, while Miss Meroer, he knew of old, was dangerous to interfere with. Still the master passion triumphed, and, heedless of the unpleasant oonsequenoes that had more than onoe attended his putting his nose into other people's affairs, Mr. Tootell haunted the Dragon more persistently than ever. No rebuff seemed to daunt him, although Mrs. Meroer wonld storm at him on the slightest provocation, although Barah barely aoknow his salutation, and although even Joe himself was as near morose as it was possible for him to be. Mr. Tootell bore it all with imperturb able good temper; he was not to be irritated; he came persistently morning after morning, sat for the best part of an hour over his pipe and mild ale, inquiring about every conceivable topic, from how the potatoes wero getting on in the garden to how trade was doing at the bar, to when Sarah was going to be married, to what Mr. Brent was doing down there. "How should I know ?" replied Joe Mercer testily one morning. "As long as a customer pays bin bill, it is nothiug to me what bis reasons may be for stopping in my house." " Well, but what should you think they were?" pertinaciously inquired Tootell. " £ don't bother my head about it," replied Joe. " I wonder you don't try the ale at some other hotel occasionally." ". Rather ungrateful of you that, Joe. . You know I promised you when you took the Dragon that you should have the benefit of all my experience, and you shall." " I am not aware that I ever came to you for advice." "No, no, you wouldn't, Joe. You're a strong-willed man, with a shrewd head on your shoulders, that's what you are. You don't want everybody* advice about what you're going to do, not you; but for all that it's the duty of your friends, when you go into a business you don't know anything about, to stand by you." "Confound it!" said Meroer. "I know perfectly well what I'm about. . I don't require your advioe, nor anyone else's." For that morning, at all events, Mr. Tootell was silenced, and finished his ale without making further inquiry. But he had not the slightest intention of abandoning his Investiga tions, and was as determined as ever to find out what business it was that detained Mr. Brent in the neighbourhood, and whether young Hallaton was a constant visitor at the Dragon. Ho had never met the latter, and to his inter rogations on the subject both Joe and his wife professed complete ignorance of that gentle man's identity. "We bend to no one of that name," had been Mercer's reply," and it is not to be supposed that I know the name of every body who cornea in for a glass of ale." To which Mr. Tootell had replied tartly that they weren't so very numerous as to confuse a man's recollection. He suspected that the Mercero were not quite telling the truth, and in this we know ho was well justified; but what are you to do with a man of this description? One might as well publish one's private affairs in the paper as make Mr. Tootell acquainted with them. In hid thirst for information on this point he had at length mustered up courage to inquire of Miss Meroer if she had met Mr. Hallaton lately; but that young lady rose to the occasion, and with a sootnful toss of her head promptly replied, " If you'll ask me no quostions I'll toll you no llw," and, case hardened as he was, Mr. Tootell did not dare to pursue the subject further. Miss Mercer was ono of tho few people of whom he stood in awo. Brent, too, Mr. Tootell saw but littlo of; ho occasionally found that mysterious stranger iv the bar when he visited the Dragon. But any attempt to inveigle Bront into conversation was hopeless. He was apparently a walking mono syllable, and the advent of Mr. Tootell seemed to be to him a signal for leaving the room ; but gradually there stole upon the former a Bort of shadowy idea that he had seen Brent before at some far- away time. Long ago, if it was ho, and when or where it was he hud no conception. Although a great slice of his life had been passed in Exmouth, yot he had bogun the world in London, aud it was tho profits he had made in the " public" line there that had enabled him to take the house in Exmouth where he finally acquired his competency. This idea once got into hi 9 ho»d, Mr. Tootoll cudgelled his brain ceaselessly as to who Brent was iv the pout, and iib to whero ho had met him. He endeavoured to throw himself in his way on overy occasion, but the opportunities vouchsafed him wero few, and, ovon when he did succeed in pouncing on his victim, Brent speedily irmdo hit* osoapo. Savo tho one 00.c.a- Mon upon which ho hud wen him in Esmnuth, he had uovor oneotintured Itrunt except either in, or in the immediate vicinity of, the Dragon. It was all a Laze, and he could make nothing of it. One thing only wns nWr to Mr. Tootell, to wit, if ever )i>» hnd nint Brent in firmer fluyn thut. \v:h n<>t th-» name hn t.hgn wont, by ; that, he hfid nover known anyone ho culled he was porfectly certain. That ho never encountered Hallaton was duo oluofly to the f act that whereas Mr. Tootell usually frequented the Dragon/m^ the morning Fred generally paid his vi&i;&jiy;). Sarah in the afternoon, and partly to tho/|nfrjß accident that he had never as yet run Aftfcws Hallaton on his way to and from the attain.' Hailaton's journeys to Exraouth had nottas yVt attracted the attention of his brother ontaira. - It was supposed that he had friends in the tbW having been soen talking to Miss Lydney in the" cricket pavillion, and the banker was not only a prominent feature in his own town but was well known in Exeter besides. "Mercer," exclaimed Brent, as he entered the bar-parlour hurriedly soon after the termi nation of one of Mr. Tootell's vhits, "we must put a stop to that inquisitive old idiot coming here. We've got enough custom just to bo the blind we want, and our customers are all of the right sort—men who como in simply for their drinks and a short rest, and nothing else, bar two. I don't much like that young officer coming here. However, there's no mistake about why he comes here. He is after your daughter, and, I'm bound to say, don't seem to have eyes for anything else." "Well, Sarah can take care of herself," replied Meroer; "so never mind that part of it. He's a good sort, he don't want to kuow any thing, he's no harm about the place, and Joe can't expect tho girl not to have a sweetheart." " Oh, I don't so much mind young Halla ton," returned Brent, " but we must put a stop to that fellow Tootell coming here. I & knock his heud off for twopence." 11 Oh yes," rejoined Joe, " and there are times when I get so mad with his questioning, I could shake the life out of the wretched little atomy, although I've known him the last twenty yoars aud more. But what good would that do ? He's a vindictive little devil if he's thwarted, aud he'd have either of us up to Woodbury for assault. It only calls attention to the house; and then it wouldn't suit either of us to be turned insido out by one of these lawyer chaps." "No," said Brent, "it wouldn't suit my book to be in a witness-box at all. One never can tell what license the beaks would allow a sharp lawyer." " He'd not mind either," naid Joe, with a twinkle in his eye, "that Tootell wouldn't mind a blaok eye or ho to find out what has brought you down here." "No; as you say, it would draw attention to the house, more or lees, and that's just what we don't want. I must devise some other scheme." Chaftbb VI. AW HMBABBAesiNO BALUTB. An invitation to upend a couple of days with the Lydrieys reaohod Fred Hallaton in doe oourse, ana as that gentleman had nothing par ticular to do he resolved to aooept it. He thought he could indulge his infatuation for Sarah Mercer quite as easily from the banker's house as from the barracks. His mornings would probably be at bis own disposal, and it would be only paying his devotions before noon instead of after. The banker had a capital house stand* ing in very pretty grounds in the outskirts of the town, and here Hallaton and his port manteau were deposited just in time to dress for dinner. When—after making his toilet— he descended to the drawing-room he found several people already assembled there. Mr. Lydney kept a capital oook, and prided himself on his little dinners, and not without reason. He was one of those genial hosts who at onoe set their guests at ease, and without being par ticularly brilliant have the knack of setting the ball of conversation going. Though oele bratod for his wine, the banker was not remark able for either witty epigram or sparkling anec dote, but he possessed the invaluable gift of tact. You mutt have been very dull or hope lessly shy to find yourself left out of the conver sation at Mr. Lydney's table. Fred found himself plaoed on his hostess's right. The banker's wife had been dead for some years, and Mary Lydney had long taken the head of her father's table. As it had fallen to his lot to take in a lady with whom the making of conversation was a toilsome and arduous duty, ha not unnaturally turned to his neighbour on the other side. There he at all events had no cause to oomplain, and Fred was soon ohatting gaily and pleasantly enough. "I came across a most extraordinary old lunatic here the other day," he remarked. "He stopped me to ask the time, having a watch on himself, and then proceeded to orosß-examine me as to where I had been, and where I was going. A little, thin, wizened old man in a tall straw hat. Can you identify him by that de scription, Miss Lydney?" Mary burst out laughing. " Papa," sho ex claimed, "please listen to this. Now, Mr. Hallaton, please repeat your little story. I think you'll find your friond in protty well known." Frod accordingly reiterated his Htory, and as he finished a laugh ran round the table, and " Tootell" burst from several lips. "Tootell!" exclaimed Fred, " who and what is he ?" " Quite a oharaoter in Exmouth," said the banker, while tho words, " horrid old wretoh," escaped his daughter's lips, and such comments as "insufferable old bore, "intolerable nuis ance," &0., fell from others of the party. "Why, surely," rejoined Fred, "he can't annoy any of you; he hats no pretensions to bo a gentleman. What do you mean s"' "No, no," replied Mr. Lydney, "he is only a retired innkeeper, und a chartered bugbear, a regular old man of the sea, that Exmouth can't shake off. He is a most respectable man, and vory roHpootful, but his uncontrollable desiro to pry into his neighbours' affairs gotu him into all manner of scrapes." " I should rather think no," said Fred. "Yes," roraarked Miiw Lydney, "and his ago and diminutive stature as a rule geta him out of them. Men get very angry with him, but they can't boat such a littlo croaturo as that, liresomo as he is." And then the oonvorwitiun drifted into other chauueta. When the htdiuH left the room the men drew up to their host's end of the table. "1 rodo past tlie old Dragon lun to-day," remarked oue of the ijuests us he helped himself to a bumper of tho bunker'n clnn>t. " You, liko myself, Lydney, can rucollect it as an inn for many years, though its prosperous times wore before our day." ) ,^Yejtj>tho;U|rh' I can recollect it from my boy hood « hb«s« that did a respectable business, anisßve heard, my father tell all sorts of queer -t&ftr; that weie current about it when he was a man. I know he said that more than onoe. bei^V Ol»t picnicking there, they danced in -AeVoto ballroom." {' vl*Well, I never thought to see it become an inn ajrain," said the first speaker, " and what possessed any man to try euch a hopeless expe riment I can't conceive." " I don't know that it is so very hopeless," rejoined Mr. Lydney. " I can't fanoy it otherwise," rejoined the other. " There's not much money to be gathered from a fewchanoe panaers-by." " Ah, well," replied the banker, "old Mercer is making money somehow or other, though I don't pretend to know how." It certainly seemed is if fate had destined Fred Hallaton somehow to be mixed up with the fortunes of the old Dragon Inn. The next morning after breakfast Frod Hal laton had arranged in his own mind to pay • visit to the objeot of his affections, but we are raroly our own masters in other people's houses, and upon this oooaaion Fred* scheme vu quietly knocked on tho head by Mary .Lydney. " Now, Mr. Hallaton," sho'said, as they rose from the breakfast-table, " if you will getyonr letters written—that is, if you havo any to write —or your cigar smoked if you have not, I shall be ready to go out with you about 11, and we will take a turn on tho sea wall, and see if we can beat up some rcoruits for lawn tennis thU afternoon." There was no help for it; there was no possi bility of backing out of the challenge of hi* hostess. He could only reply that he had no correspondence to trouble him, and was quite at her disposal whenever she chose, and shortly afterwards he found himself promenading the sea wall. Mies Lydney, it need be scarcely said, knew pretty well overybody worth know ing in Ex mouth. She stopped to chat to several of her friends, and Fred found himsolf making the acquaintance of half the young ladies in the town. Having enlisted her recruits for the afternoon, Miss Lydney turned her steps home wards, and as they walked down the esplanade for the last time, Fred suddenly found hinwelf face to face with Miss Mercer. Sarah was dressed very simply, and in good tatte. An araufted expression played for a moment over her face as the caught Bight of Hallaton, and as they passed *ao saluted Fred with a malicious ■mile and bow. Ha raised his hat, and the next minute became conscious of an extremely surprised expression on his companion's ooun tenauco. " I had no idea, Mr. Hallaton," she observed somewhat frigidly, " that you were acquainted with that lady." Fred muttered something confusedly about having been introduced to her in the cricket field, to which Miss Lydney replied a little sharply: " I should have hardly thought that necessary in her cose," aud then abruptly changed the subject. Mary, indeed, was very angry; she of course knew Sarah very well by sight, and was perfeotly aware who the hand some bold-eyed young woman was. She also knew that she was the daughter of a man of humble origin, who had prospered inExmoutb, made a bit of money, ana, after trying his hand at a good many trades, had finally settled down a* an innkeeper. She would have described Miss Meroer as a forward minx. She had marked the malicious smile that had spread over her face, and rightly considered it was a piece of studied impertinence her bowing to a gentleman with whom she was walking, and she deemed that by returning her salute Fred Hallaton had abetted Miss Mercer's offence. Fred rose at onoe to the emergency, and began without delay to talk rapidly on some other ■übjeot. Ssrah had been quite as keen to note Miss Lydney's annoyanoe, and started on her way home with a mixture of anger and triumph in her heart. She was pleased at having mortified 4' that stuck-up Miss Lydney," sb she called her, but she did not quite approve of Fred's walking about Extnouth with anyone but herself. Not that this had ever happened, for Fred would have fought rather shy at present of parading the town with a young lady in Miss Mercer's position. When she reached her home she found her father and Brent talking in front of the house " Do you expect that young Boidier chap out to-day ?" inquired Joe idly. "He waen't out yesterday, so I suppose it's likely he'll be here to-day?" •' I think not," replied Sarah, " for I passed Mr*. Hallaton on the esplanade thin morning, and my gentleman seemed half-ashamed to acknowledge me; but I wasn't going to have that, you know." *♦ What do you mean?" inquired her father. "Why, he was walking with that Miss Lydney, who gives herself such airs—whether beoauso who thinks herself good looking or beoauso her father is so rich I don't know. He looked as if he wore going to pass me without raising his hat, but I made him such a marked bow he wan forced to return it. You should have seen Miss .Lydney'u face, conceited thing! She can't get a hiuband herself, and can't bear any young man she knows to look at another girl." "Do you mean to say," said Joe in rather awe-struck tonos, " thut you bowed to him while he was walking with Mi«« Lyduey 'r" "Of oourao I did," replied Sarah. "You don't suppose I will allow a man to know me in ono place and not in another !" " Quite right," interposed Brent. " You are a girl of some spirit, you are. So young Halla ton is intimate with the Lydueyn, in ho ?" "HoknowH thorn," xegued Sarah "though I should think that is 4 wDtf that doesn't much nonoeru you." 4' Rather a quick-tongued young lady,"re mirkcd Brent, rh Sarah swept her way into the hoiiso. "Takes, after her inoihor n bit," Bai<l Jon. " You'd buntHpcik 'em iair if you want things to go comfortable." " Tilings liim't. bi> brttnr than fhoy aro," suid Brent. "Ah I Haiti before, all that 1 wish is that we could hit upon whiw mf>aim of pitting hhot of Tootoll, and I own I dun'l ccc my way to that." 44 No," rf Joined Joe seutc-utiouHly. "If you keep an inu you cau't shut your doors." Aud • Tlio solo right uf publication in (luepiiwland uf " Without Love or License" luim beon purclmied by tjio Brisbane Newspaper Company. with that the two men turned back into the William Brent was a man who for more than thirty years had been chasing fortune through illicit byways, seeking phantasmal riches by various illegal short cuts. If the law had never laid him by the heels it was owing to his oun ning and good luck, and not beoauso he had not more than once risked falling into ita dutches. It could not be said that tho police knew him, for that was exaotly what they did not. Had they been acquainted with his personality he would not have enjoyed that immunity from the consequences of the nefarious lifo he had so long led. But if they did not know him by sight they certainly knew of him, and "Slippery Bill" was chronicled on their records as ohiof pro moter and designer of many a olever scheme for ooiening the British publio, and wheedling their hard- earned gains out of credulous pockets. Like aU men of his class Brent was a shrewd judge of human nature. A desire to make money with a minimum quantity of labour he knew was characteristic of humanity. We aro often reminded that money oannot do every thing. 4( Perhaps not," argued Mr. Brent, 44 but it can give a good deal, and you can't tell me anything else that can give so muoh." His schemes were as varied as ingenious, and as a rule till the inevitable explosion came were ex tremely profitable both for himself and bin asso ciates. Some of them, indeed, had expiated their fraudulent proceedings by various terms of imprisonment; but Brent on these occasions invariably disappeared until the hue and ory had blown over. What his real name might be nobody knew: he had rejoiced in innumerable aliaiei, and William Brent was his present tra velling name. There was one thing singular about the man. His associates were invariably lavish of the spoils that fell to their share. Brent was not; he had made money and kept it, and it was probably this possession of ready mouey whioh enabled him so often to escape tho consequences of his wrong-doing. If he had devoted the same amount of skill and energy to any legiti mate calling he would have probably been a far wealthier man. Tho profits may be great on illicit transactions, but there is always more or less a oertam amount of blackmail to be paid by those engaged in them. "Honour among thieves" is a very fallacious adage to place trust in, and Brent had more than onoe paid high to close the compromising mouth of an old assooiate. Gifted with great coolness and audaoity, he had so far borne a charmed life, •nd was regarded with no little awe and vene ration by his companions, over whom he ruled with no little firmness and authority; but there was amonsrst them one to whom it was notorious that William Brent yielded a defer ence he accorded to no one olse, and, moreover, that it was certainly not from lovo that tho Snake, as his intimates had nicknamed him, was so subservient to the ideas of this anoient comrade. Brent was a self- reliant, somewhat aristooratio man, subtle in his plans, and dic tatorial to those concerned with him in their accomplishment; but when old Creaky chose to assert himself—and the violent-tempered old man was muoh given to doing so—Brent usu ally yielded. There were various rumours concerning his influence over "The Snake," mostly to the effect that be possessed knowledge of Brent's oarly life that the latter muoh dreaded to have published: but these were all vague and confused. Certain, however, it was that "The Snake" yielded to the snarling domineering old man in a way that he did to no one else. This worthy was at the present moment in prison, where no small period of his life at reourring intervals had been passed. [TO BE COXTI.NUKD.] 