1Rovclist. The Ghost of Oak Orag. CTi LT?TE osERLS KrEN NETH. The old Meadows ho:se. Everyone in Lcix knew where it was. For years osly prt of it was occupied. The build i,_ stood upon what was called " Oak l'rt." and rose, a great solemn stone :ii iing, nearly square, in the full sight .f?he town. Once it had been a very popular place, is the country seat of the Meadows. i'arit from the city thronged it all :ntaer. It was known as a popular re :t while old Drake lMeadows lived. i': for years it had been nearly de -ded, and most of the family were The family had rapidly died out. Old DP-k Meadows last his wife and dauglt :er, hen parted with this life himself, r, oi; the property to two sons-one of -h, very wealthy, resided in Europe; 'te aer-well, nobody knew exactly a??.re lPick Meadows was or what had co eoo ohim. He used tobe known in :te old ,ascs as the scapegrace son, who s:s larsin difliculty. He had a kind of .proinate pride, but no dignity. He ?. %t fellow well met with everybody, 3nd -d to go fishing with the tavern b"r. nl off on night expeditions after \- r -knew what A great trial to his :r tiffy proud relations, the towns :.,e a erted ; but with them he was a In spite of his pranks upon their per ms and pr,operty, there were generous wars and winning tricks about the boy. 1ie oould sometimes atone in the most irish tanner for his depredations upon :heir poessiorns-bringiSg back the fruit or chickens or pumpkins he had stolen at »izth. or if the property was destroyed, '::.e than paying for it out of his pocket :.e When angered or insulted, he o, :!d ig!:t like a young demon, and :rire cerything before him. In his per Sral hki::gs he was quite as fervid, and " to ltre and hate like Rick M3eadowa" i?i b come a proverb in the town. itut when the family left the Crag, one :'::n, ..nd never came back again, : ck disappeared from their view. He o s a la 1 of e;ihteen then :; and, not long •r news of his father's death came, " as repo ted that he had gone into the vFer years and years the house stood =pr:y. The _ardn run to waste, the i:.ts rew dilapidated, and the trees .,n:sd to sigh in a mournful way before it =?ent door, ohcn one day a inesstQ s: -rrim i from the city to say that Ei r:d 31 :.dws. tie ow-urr, wanted to . :: .<eupant in it who would keep the c in ..rd r fo.r the rent. .T:-=::?e. a.-l a pelf ct godsend to ..: ".a-. She never thoight for a ,.:::::t th : the house was haunted: r tic tlace, like any other deserIed a!,itation, had gathcred disagreeable re. o'rt. She only knew that it would be a :inme for her bnrther Westerly and =ers".I during W?oterly's studies; and heanaecordingly pplied for itand obtained Te brother and sister were very ;itrent. Dearlras Emma Lamar loved aj- brother `Westerly Lamar was i otl, passionate, unscrupulous fellow. -l La.l inherited choleric blood and a ??ltsh nature from his father. All his a:,oi:er's noble qralities seemed trans mitted to his sister. Emma was the rder, being twenty-three. Westerly oas just of age. tes"oldte facing of a hard world had iron Emma Lamar an air that was a t::!,e rim: iut she had exquisite fca ur-s asl- beautiful, dark-blue eyes. She ,nculd have been a beauty and a belle if she :ad possessed the tastes and manners of a beau;v aid a be;le; but life was and :Ilwy had been a serious matter with yr. She had seen father and mother eie in her early youth ; and now she rhed for Westerlr, who was not a very :,onfrting ohbject to lire for. Westerly was studying medicine, and rus..at least, an ambitious stu-let. Of :,,nre they sere poor, but lmnma' :apablility krt: them always in resp'ct ible ap ear 'nr. She kept them a's, 2erfectly independent and out of debt which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one was particularly fonud of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a little strangely. They occupied the west side. The remainder of the house was deathly still. That morning they had wandered through it, viewing for the first time the spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, anl smelling of mould. The place was merely a curiosity to them then; but when darkness closed over it, and they remembered what a changed place it was since the days when the grand old place had been their childhoods' awe and admiration, the neighborhood of those cold anmid desolate rooms to their evening fire was a. little oppres "This is a pokerish place, after all, Em," said Westerly, after he had sat silent a.while, listening to-the moaning of the wind in the chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the'hearth, absorbed in htr work. She looked up. "But it is going to be so much better for us, Westerly. " "It will take all my time to look after that old garden." "Not more time than you ought to give to exercise after studying so mnch." "But I want to go into the city some times." And '?esterlyi Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-black night. Hlis ister was silent for a momeint,then alh? sail : "'You mustn't go into til cjity and leave ile alone here, Westerly." "I'd no?r have colme here if I had thought of that," ezclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. " What were you thinking of when you made the plan, Eml Did you want to bury us alive ?"' " We can't afford to be very gay, Westerly." " Afford ! Fll afford a decent life one of these days," muttered the young man, as lie turned again to, the window, and looked at the city lights. There was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister's face as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brotlher's ingratitude, or perhaps she was thinking her plan of corning to' Oak Crag might be an unfortunate one. Her expression was very grave, whatever minht be its cause. Westelly finally returned from the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in the silent room, Emma's head bent luower and lower over her sewing. and at last a tear splashed on the snowy linen. She had tried so hard to make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly I At least it did seem that he was unappreciative. lie looked up at her suddenly as the clock struck ten. 'Eru, you had befler go to bed. Iam going to study till late," he said. Emma hesitated. "I'm not sleepy. Won't you be lonely hero, Westerly ?" "No," he replied. " I cn study much better by myself." So, after a little while, E'mma put by her work, bade him good-night, and went across the hall to hler room. She sighed heavily as she let down her hair before the mirror; and, as sllo hooked at the reflection of her face, site saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but -did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across the floor, and listened to the dismal ewail ing of the wind, until the clock struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself from the ftrstyair, and stepped across the hall. She opened the sitting room door sofuly and looked in. The oil had burned out of the lamp, and thie wick sputtered feebly. The room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some time, for the fire was out, and the atmosphere was chilly. Ennma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, sobbed like a child. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably slho would be left alone in that desolate place night alter night, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. She had her secret. For the last three months her brother had been accustomed secretly to take the night train at eleven o'clock, go into the city, and return to his room at somewhere about four o'clock in the mornig. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When he would make his appearance at breakfast, it would be with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil. she had asked no quest ions.. She believed her brother to be wedded to some bad practice, but she could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare question him for fear of causing an outbreak which, would be no satisfaction. SA,, after most earnest thought, she had dmoe to Oak Crag, hoping that the change of situation and the denanid uipon his time and attention might alter his habits. Siho was coti vinced that the lanm was unsuccessful; and the prospiect of being left alone int that gloomy place night after night was appalling. The clock struck one. Just then a slighlt noise startled her. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in the roml above. Her heart stood still, and then commenlced beating so that she wa:s nearlay suffocated. lier tirst thought was to lock the door of her room, She did this. and tho, crept back into bed and listened. She could distinctly hear some one going about over head, andl for a while she was complletely abandoned to terror. Then shite attempted some solution of the pr,oblem. The house was, o,!d, and the noie might be caused by rats, liut she could not, in reason, entertain this idea more tlhan a miinute. The step became a regular pacing over head. SIhe was convinced that some one beside herself was in the lhouse. She lay ands listened to the siundl. Then she thought it nmieht be Westerly; lbut she knew too well tha:t hier bIrother abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, and would by no means entter them by night. lie swas miles awnay, nid she was alone in whatlnt sec.llrl to her trreat danIer. Thie soite of rooms thait the Laniars had takcn w-eret on thie groulld Iloor. emma's bedroom windomw was about three feet from the garden walk. Through lthe oak boughs the moonlight flickered on the floor, end she lay looking at it as she o listened. Suddenly the sound overhelload ceased. Wondering what this might portend, she listened anxiously; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re membered that her bedroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, she was about to slip from the bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the fi or in the patch of flickering moonlight. She glanced toward the window, and saw a face-a dreadful, wild, ghastly, p:allid face--with burning eyes that nmothers for a moment; then the face disappeared, and Emma Lamnar sank back in a swoon of terror. When she returned to. consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoumining; and she .know that hie had re turned, anud it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, she tunsed upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate the mystery as day canme, fell asleep. It was late when she awoke, and she sprang from bed before site remembered the events of the night. It seemened like a dream as she suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had been ; and the more so when she threw open .the windows and let in the ringing soings of the birds. At breakfast sho told Westerly the story. -le came out of his romin sleepy and sullen; but when she cmnonenced her nhrrative heo flashed into sudden nuger. "1 tell you the cursed old place is haunted, Em," he exclaimed. "Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and sounds. .I presume old Mleadow's ghost haunts it; and unless you want such visitors every night we had better leave." "' If I thoueght it nothing morereal than ghnltsn and you were hero,' Westerly, I should not be afraid," replied his sister. " What do you mean by my being hereo ' he said quickly. " You were not here last night, Wes terlr," answered Emma, hardly willing to meet his. glancee of astonishment and anger at her discovery, yet speaking firmly. Westerly was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado, "I had businees in the city. And I'll tell you what, Em, I may be away any n;ight- So. if you don't want to be left alone here with the ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For my part, 1 never was in favor of comning bor." " Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly?" said Emma, sorrow fully. '.That's my business," replied Westerly, grutfly, bonding over his breakfast. Hero the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ate his breakfast in silence. During the forenoon they went about their separate occupationis.; but :in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room where her brother satstudying; and laying her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, ""Westerly, will you go up stairs witlh me ?" - " What for ",ie nsaked in surprise. "To see if any one is there, or has been there," she said. For a moment he looked incredulous: Then he rose slowly, saying,-? "'Why,; Em, you must be a fool I . Iow could any one get into those rootis ? They are locked in every direction.' Butl'll go up if you like." They went up-stairs. The stairs' were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices wh.hn they spoke ; but, though lonely, the place was not in any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silent and un disturbed. At last they came to the chanmber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma Lunmar's hlo'rt beat hard as she un locked the door. Teey entered. The room was silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still ind undis turbed. . V Westerly laugh?cd as his sister looked about the room. "Do you suppose ghosts leave any, marks to track them by ?" said he. "Come, Eni, don't be silly any longer. I tell you no live person could have been in the room last night." " What is this ?" Emma pibked up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. It was a man's buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on which were engraved the initials, "R.M." The glove bore the impress of a shapely hanid ; but it was impossible to toll how recently it had been worn, it 'vwas so soiled and stained. "It has probably lain here for years, where some visitor of the old family dropped it," remarked Westerly. "I fancy it feels slightly damp, 1Wes terly," said his sister. "1'onsense ! It's nothing ' but the d unpness of the roomn These north-wuest chimnbers are full' of chills. Come, throw it down. and let us go down stairs." But Emma kept the glove, carried it downstairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised her that Iheo would not leave thie house, and the brotlher and sister retired to their rooms at ton o'clock. Suddenly, as the clock struck eleven, a bell rang violently through the lhouse. It was not the hall door bell, but lproceeded fruom one of tile chambers. Einuisn heard her brotlher spring out of ied with an ,,ath. The niext moment he was at i her door, whent she met him. "For hteaven's sake swhat is that, Emma ii" lie exclaimetd. " It is thie bell of the northtwest cham ber," she replied. All this time thie bell waMs ringing. Sud dcnlv it stopped. '" What shall we do, Wcsterly 2" "i Cure me if I don't fild out lwhat this means e exclaield hlier brother. li slnrang ba;ck to his rooms, ands, to En!llla's surprise, returned with a raves ver. " Where did you get that, Weslterly "' "Sever miind. Take that light and comse with mi'." She was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and the air 'f the cintries was chdl; but she dlid not miindl. She fol hl~wcd her brother in his ra;pid speed up stairs. Stranige to say, hIis theory sf gholsts had never mslade s;sy inmprcssion oii uer. She f.ared nothinig so vassue, but anticipated asomn strange discovery of hustan beillgs where all had seemed deso lation. The first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked. It yielded to \VWsterly'shand, and with an exclamation of surprise be entered. There was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmlered on the table, and upon a lounge lay a man, evi dently in the agonies of death. His face was deadly pale, and the eyes were rolled up as if he were in convulsions. The brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a mnoment the convulsed fea tures wero seen to relax, and the breath stopped. " He is dead," raid Westerly. They brought tile light to thile marle face. It was handsome.ilndd hwggard. Westerly uttered an exclaniation of, sur priso. \ What is it, Westerly . I I saw that imasi last night 'ins the city." "'Where ?" " In a gambling s0aloon," replied the young man, excitedly. He forgot at the moment that he was betraying himself. Indeed, Enmma La mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond the more words. She looked down at the maln, and a look of weariness and sorrow on the still, pallid face touched her to tears.. ?PsahaRa I What are you crying for?" exclaimed Westerly.' "Hold the light a minute," r?o gave her the light, then, unfasten ing the man's necktie, and, baring his breast, made various tests of life. The form lay as impassive and cold as marble. ' IHe's dead enough," said Westerly. " Wliat are we to do with him I SShall I call a physician, W?esterly? I am no afraid to go down the hill." Enmma Lamar thought she would prefer it to remainingi with that solemn dead figure, while her brother went to call help or evidence. But Westerly did not answer., After a few moments heo covsred the face, and said, " Come down stairs now." - STThey went back to the sittinig room, put down the light, and looked at each other. . -" How did ho come here, Westerly ?" HLleaven, only Iknows; , but, Em, it's the best luok that cverr happened toe l "o -' " How 7' "I shall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent - that' is, if I see no clhanco of detection.' Prof. Gardner will pay uee one hundred pounhd', and ask no questions." " Good heavens I Westerly, I beg of you:- . "Psha I Hushl,' will you ! There's nothing to prevent. Iro imade up nmy mind. And there's the body-a splendid case. You noticed his dress, did you not?' - '' No.!' "Army=major's outfit, I thiik. leo's a foreigner; 1. noticed his accent last night. - 11e won my money like the devil. Hlow he happened to 00 in this house is the mystery." , h ls-hat killed him?i :" ?.Late hours and liquor, perhaps: Pos sibly he took a quiet dose of somehthing to got himself out of the hands of the law. le was a despenlte looking fellow when there was life in his face.'-. t' Oh, Westerly, where havo you learned shbout these things - You have chainged so much in a year !' S"Go to bed, Em ;don't preach !" "-What are you going to do?" " Iam goilig up-stairs again." "Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that man's body to-night." "I'll do 'what 1 please, Em. -You lind better go to bed." "But, Westerly, the danger of-" -" I will manage ily atsfirs. Go to bed.' - He took another light and Wient to his rooml.- His sister knew-that he had gone for his surgica l case. Treinbliig with cold and excitoment, sand trying'vainly to collect her facultics that sheo.might think calmly, she retreated to herroomh, and hiy down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety. She heard her brothergo up. stairs; The thought of his work made her faint. She prayed that something might happen to prevent. Just then she heard himu returning. " Westerly I" she called. - He came to the door. - " Listen to- me a moment, WVesterly. Suppose that man should be tracked here; and found mutilated, what is to save you froin the accusation of mur der 7' "No fear of that. The family burying ground of thlelMeadows will liavo one more occupant before morning. I shall have qjuite done with him in all hour." "Oh, Westerley, you don't realiso what a desperate thing you are doing!" "Dbon't I? A hundred pounds is worth a little desperation. Go to sleep, sis.'" Hd1 shut the door and went up-stairs. Emman buried les face in tile pillow, and wept in all agony of despair. Not only was her brother's work revolting to her, but she realised hlon imminent was the peril. Westerly saeeoi.d deter.sined to bring certain destruction upon theem. But suddenly sihe heard hii come leaping down the stairs, [ie burst into her roalm. "lie has gonle !" -s Goine ? "Yes. I believ e he was the devil. Itow could he take himselt off when le iwas dead t" And Westerly Lamnar, a mom;ent before so cool, leanedl against the door, antd Wiled the perspiration of excitement front his forehead. " 1ow did he go, Westcrly ?" " I tdou't know. I made a slight cut in tihe breast, and then caelo down for my othler instrumlents. \When I iwent backl lie was gone." " Were the windows and doors open I" " The door was ajar just as I left it. The windows were shut." " Westerly, I alu so0 glad !" "Of what T" "" That you did hil no Iharm." " Fool !" exclaimed Westerly in a sud din rage. " What halrm couhl I possibly do the iman if lhe were ldead "' SIut hie wasn't dead." " 1 tell you lie was as dead as a post I" Westerly went back to the sitting rooul. IIt was nearly daybreak, and lie made a fire. lie sat o-ver it moodily when Emana came out. Then he rose suddenly, and went up-stairs. In a few nnotnellts ho came down withi I something in his liand. h" What is that, Westerly ?" "Nothing but that glove," he said, on he tossed it down. " But I put that glove away. This must be the mate." It was so. The buttons boro the samo initials. Emma took them in charge as a clue to the stranga 'pisode of the night. That day it was decided that they should leave tholhouse. It bore a horror to Etnua Lamar ; and, since her plan in coming there was not likely to provoesuec eessful, It was not worth while to remain in,so disagrecable a place. They would go back .to the little cottago they had rented forthe last three years, alnl live as best they. nmiht.' At leasit site would b_ nbar to neighbors? there when left aloia at-night.. Site had never lbefore in her life been so unhappy, and she could not keep b:ck her trears as shl' prepared for their re Inoval. Beside her diranlpointntetitc and sorrow, she was wearied and nervous from the effects of the night's excitement, and at last, during her brother's absence, she flung h:rself down upon her bed and cried like a child. The poor girl felt tired bo yontd her strength. At. twiliglt she arose and went into the garden, hoping that her aching head would be relieved by the clear, frosty air. Besides she could not but acknbwledge to horself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly had promised ro return at six o'clock, sltd s?to stood on the bill watching the road, when site saw dark spot upon the gravel walk at her feet. A second glance assured her that it-was blood, and her heart leatocd up in horror. Gazing in a kind of fascination at the ground, sheo saw another and another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the marks to a little sunmmer-house inl an oak coppice, and there upon theo.seat lay extended the figure of at main. S (Goiniicelft iii oatr Iri, C.) 