TIIE NATIONAL PARK AND VISITORS' NECESSITIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH Sir,— May I crave the medium or your paper to make a suggestion which would he a great boon to visitors of this splendid reserve. As the area covers something over 36,300 acres of forest country it is of course out of the question that visitors can find their way about as readily without as with guideposts. A friend and myself started out on Saturday to Waterfall intending to follow the Lady Carrington-road to Loftus. We passed the waterfalls inside the park all right, but on com ing to a point where five roads meet our doubts began. There was not the ghost of a signpost up, if there had been we might -have "seen through" our difficulty, but happening to have provided ourselves with one of the new tourist guide-books issued by the Railway Commis sioners, in which a map of the park is found, we decided, after study ing the same, that following a certain road would bring us right. But, alas for the frailty of human judgment, in this case it was "1'homme propose main le route depos," for it came to a dead stop. We trudged back again. joyful, of course, and held another council, in which it was decided to follow a particular route, which appeared to be the right one. At any rate, after walking some miles wo got onto land, which was lofty, but not Loftus. It came rather unexpected, but nevertheless was grand scenery, as the Pacific Ocean lay in front and also to tho right, which intimated at once that we were on the wrong track. However, the day was too far advanced to think of carrying out our original intention, so we decided to go down to Garie Beacb. Tho road to this was rough in places where heavy rains had washed away parts aud trees had fallen across the route, but the scenery and beautiful vegetation, really repaid the trouble. Many of the large crimson lilies wore' out in flower, and formed a bunch the size of an ordinary bouquet. In course of time, this park should become very popular, and it reminds one in parts more of the Blue Mountain scenery With the addi tional satisfaction of being able to get down into the valleys. There is plenty of water for picnic purposes, and if the trustees would cause guide- posts to be eroded one item of uncer tainty aud annoyance would be removed. In fact, trees would suit the purpose very well, mid with iron sign plates screwed on should last a long time.— Yours, &c.;, TRAVELLER. November 11. 