SPORTING. THE BRO0KTONAND NORTHAM RACES. TBt Mentob.1 The apportionment of the weights has reduced the probable fields in the handi caps by something like a third. The re presentatives of two «f the most iinpoitant RtahloK. those, name/?, of Mr. O. Parker and Mr. Towton, hare disappeared from the programme. Duration, Lowlandei', War Cry and Valentine have been struck out from all their engagemente. Before the aaddling-bell rings it is probable that the number of competitors will be reduced still farther. For the Ladies' Purse at Brook ton it is probaWf, supposing Gunpowder end Footprint come to the post, that all the others wiH be seratebed with the exception Of Arab Steed, who will be kept in to make the pace fast in the interest of his stable companion Hinemoa, whom &unpowaet; and Footprint will have to meet in the princi pal event later t/H in the day. Progress, Hero, and Lyttletdti, tietther rf whom have a ghost of a chance, would 00 mere super numeraries, and may be expected to be saved for other races. Even Arab isteed would probably be scratched, were it not that by running he can dfegood service to Hine tnoa. He' -Son merely start to tire out the 2 cracks and irijtffe; their chance for the more important event for wMcb they are entered. Should Gunpowder and Fo&print; be struck out, then of course Hero (by Be«tor)/ Arab Steed, and perhaps Progress Will stop in. But not one of the four is likely to try and beat the two cracks. For the two--and-*-nalf mile race we may expect to sea four starters — Biaemoa, Gunpowder, Footprint, and Progress. The last-named torse csttmot Ttttoe to -win except by a fluke, but will be sent to the post to make the running forHinemoa. Hero will scarcely be wasted on a race where he wiQ be in company eo mach above him, and when be had better be reserved foi what lies within his compass. What has been said of Brookton may be said of Nortbam, In the short handicap— the Ladies' Bracelet— it is indeed just possible that Gnnpo-vder and Footprint, who will have just ran a severe race, may be withdrawn. The owner of Gunpowder has a second horse— Red Cross — whom he may think good enough, while, possibly, Mr. Clerx may not care to take another mile and a half out of his highly bred mare for the sake of winning a trifling stake from third rates. In ?his case, there will probably be six starters, pretty evenly matched, and a good race. Indeed, it would be anyone's race, unless Red Cross should prove something out of fiie common. The District Cup promises to be a most amusing affair. With its heavy weights, amateur rider?, and horses' that are' either on their hist legs or mere backs, this race at all events promises some good sport. Besides fi* handicaps, it must not be forgotten that there are selling races, which may be interesting as bring ing out old performers, and may be well contested. At Brookton there is also the Maiden, in which we may expect to see Red Cross and BlacUock, with possibly one or more of the two-year olds. There is also' the Flying Handicap for colonials, which should bring at least five horses to le post, and may prove a very good race. Altogether these two country meetings promise to give some very ffooi sport, while they are at the same time interesting as th» forerunners of meetings of more importance. 