FICTION. \--:0: From atualUU, AuirrlCHu, nud Oltiir P.rlnrtlr*!., \--:0: Karl lion Linden; OR, the mm OF THE HIDDSN MS. CHArTEE III.-(Continued.) Sir Karl responded in a gallant vein, and there- upon ensued a pleasant conversation between the two, the countess, meanwhile, seeming intent upon a solution of the problem which was presented in the handsome features of the youthful knight. She gaeed upon him earnestly and yearningly, and more than once she pressed her hand upon her bosom, as though to still the throbbings of a waking heart. What was it ? Why did he wear that face ? And why did it move the lady bo won drousjy? Lucille, grown marvellously communicative in a very short time, and with radiant eyes and glowing cheek, had just told the story of her childhood, and 0Î ker coming to Edenburg, when Harold presented himself and announced that refreshments were prepared ; and as he waited to conduct the knight to the hall of banquet the latter excused himself to the ladies and withdrew, expressing the hope, as he made his obeisance at the door; that his sojourn at the castle might be as pleasant in its continuance as it had been in its beginning. ' Was Lucillo eager to announce her claim to the champion ? No. She watched him until he had disappeared, and then she went to one of'the glazed embrasures and looked out. By and by she turned, and found the countess still in her seat, with her head bowed upon hand. She had been herself so entertained that she had not observed the strange emotions of Leonora. "Well, my moiher what think you of our visitor ?" The countess regarded the maiden with a half vacant look, and presently replied : " I do not know, Lucille-I cannot think. I must .Bee Harold. I muBt learn more." " But you know if he is comely. You marked his gallant bearing ?" " Aye, my dear Lucille ; and I marked his noble face. I never saw a handsomer." " And do you not think him true and good ?" asked the maiden, with undisguised eagerness. " Of a verity I do, my child. Nothing evil can''1 dwell in such a form. But we will speak of him anon. I wish you would call to one of the servants, and ask that Harold be sent to me." Lucille withdrew, and ere long afterwards the old seneschal made his appearance, The countess had become very calm now, and gave no token of nnwonted emotion. "Good Harold," she said, with a smile, "you know how curious we women are, especially concer ing the pstate of strangers who may seek our hospitality. You received this knight at the gate, and you have seen his esquire. Can you cell me who he is, or whence he comes ?" " Of a truth, my lady, I can tell you nothing which you may not already have "observed. I only 'hnow that his name is Karl von Linden, and that he comes from Aix la Chapelle. I have questioned his esquire as far as I deemed it proper, but I can learn nothing from him. If hiB master has secrets, heiis not the man to tell them." " Then you think Sir Karl has secrets ?" ">i<said not so, lady. I deem him a most true and gallant gentleman, and one who may ' be trusted." "And yet he may hold a character which he dooa <nofc make public. I mean not evil, Harold. No, no-I deem him all good and pure. But-" " I understand, lady. There is only one circum- stance that has particularly excited my curiosity. The device upon the knight's shield is a cross almost hidden beyond an encircling mass of cloud. The clouds surround the border, and through an opening in the centre dimly appears a portion of the Christian symbol. I asked the esquire what it meant, and he told me the device was simply a Hidden Cross. I then asked him what 'this con- cealing of the cross behind the cloud signified. He shook his head and smiled, and told me that the signification, like the cross, was hidden. Of course I could ask no more. But, lady, you are ill !** "No, no-it is nothing, Harold. You may go now. Look to the knight, and seo that ho is pro- vided for." When the seneschal had gone the countess clasped her hands upon her bosom and sank back upon her seat. "A Hidden Cross!" she whispered, with vehe- ment energy. Then her voice sank to a low moan as she added : " 0, my God ! It cannot be ' It is but a wild phantasy, which I roust put away !" CHAPTEE IV. THE PALADIN'S TOWER. With Sir Karl von Linden, at the table in the eating-room, sat a man of five- aud-thirty, or there- abouts ; rather short of stature, but very strongly and compactly built. In fact, the bieadth of shoulders and depth of chest, together with the piles of muscle upon his limbs, gave token of j unusual physical power. His hair was of a light j . brown, hie eyes gray, and the cast of his features was shrewd and pleasant His name waB Orlando, and he was Sir Karl's esquire-a brave soldier, a true man, and a most faithful and devoted friend. He loved his young master, and respected him as well. "Now,my good Orlando," said the knight, whea lie had finished his repast, " we will seek a little rest, and then find out who our friends may be in this castle." " E think it will not he difficult "Co make a begin- ning, Sir Karl," required the esquire, putting aside his empty cup. " If I mistake not, you were re- commended to one Harold, an old attendant upon Sir Ulric in his day ?,' " You are right, Orlando." " And Ï have heard our friend, the seneschal, called by that name." " He is evidently the man." " And J. wot he ia one to be trusted, my master. I like his looks, and his speech, albeit he questioned me rather closely concerning yourself. But the Jadies-i trust they may be-" " Trusted with our very lives," broke in the knight, with sudden animation. " The Lady Lucille is an angel, and the countess is-is-" He hesitated, and pressed his lund upon his brow. " Is she as beautiful as I have heard?" ventured the esquire. " In truth. Orlando, I cannot tell you. She is boautiful, but not as Lucille is beautiful. I am sorely puzzled when I call her features to mind. She seems Uko the spirit of a pleasant dream." And agai» the knight bent his head upon his hand, and before Orlando had framed words for further speech the old seneschal entered the apart- ment, who, when he saw that the guests had fin- | ished their repast, advanced and said : " I am at your service, fair sir." "Thou art Harold?" I "Yes." " And one of those who were with Sir Ulric in Palestine ?" "Sir Ulric was my lord and master-Heaven bless and rest his soul !" " Then, good Harold," pursued the knight, with a solemn impressiveness of manner, " in the name of your love and reverence for that good man, and by your own truth and honor, I ask you to swear fidelity to your emperor." "Sir Karl," replied the oldman, with dignity, "I am a German, and a soldier. My life is my emperor's when he may have need thereof." "Can you read a fairly written manuscript ?" "I could read in Sir Ulric's time, sir; and L. think my wits have not left me." " Then you may read that." And Karl handed to him the parchment which he had shown to the countess. Harold read, and then said : " You are accredited by the emperor te the barons of the realm." " Simply," added Karl, " I bear our good em- peror's avoucher ; so you may see that you have to deal with a man tree and loyal. And now I will inform you that you have been especially mentioned to me as one in whose honor I may with safety ? confide." i Harold nlaeed his hand upon his breast, and bowed very low. " Good Harold, before I open to you my business I must obtain from you a pledge. Will you keep sacred and inviolate all matters pertaining to my I mission which I may intrust to youi knowledge, revealing the same only as I may give you per- mission ?" I " I swear it, Sir Karl !" " It is enough." I The knight took the old man by the hand and , thanked him, and then bade him be seated. " Now, Harold, you shall know my business. Our good emperor has resolved, let it cost what it may, to exterminate the robber knights who infest the mountains and the forests of the realm. He knows that quite a number of the most powerful and dangerous of the horde are lDcated in this section of the Sehwaw.wald, whence they descend upon the highways of the Rhine, rendering travel entirely unsafe. Particularly am I commissioned to ferret out and bring to justice Sir Eupert, otherwise called the Black Wolf, aB he is known to be the J chief of all the robbers of the Upper Schwarzwald. I think his castle is not far from here." The old seneschal arose and went to the door, and looked out into the hall, and up and down the adjacent corridec " Sir Karl, give me your hand !" he cried, when he came back. " It was the Black Wolf who killed my master ; and he and his companions either killed or spirited away Warbeck, the good, the brave, and I the true. In the work of bringing those wicked men to justice I am with you heart and soul ; and I from this moment you may count me as enlisted, in the enterprise. Trust me, sir- trust me fully and I will not betray you." " By this firm grasp of friendship we seal the compact," said Karl. And thou he asked " In case of need, how many of the inmates of the castle may we depend upon to assist us in the work ?" " lu truth, Sir Karl, I cannot answer that ques- tion. We have in all, counting the able servants and the foresters, eight-and-thirty-men. Full half of these were followers of Sir Ulric, and them we may trust. Of the others I cannot speak with out investigation. Then there are, in the hamlets of the valleys, near a hundred able men owing fealty to Edenburg j but they would hardly dare to embark against the Black Wolf and his gang un- less they were sure of Bucoess, as, otherwise, the vengeance of the robbers would be terrible." " And how is it with the present Baron of Eden burg-Sir Caspar ? I have been cautioned not to trust him too far. What say you, Harold ?" The old man cast a quick glance around, and then, in a low voice, replied? "How far, if at all, Sir Caspar may be implicated with the robber knights I cannot say ; but that he winks at their enormities, and receives tribute from them, I am sure. And, furthermore, he often en- tertains them at his own board." "Does the Black Wolf ever come hither ?" "I have never seen him here. Perhaps he fears the vengeance of Sir Ulric's old comrades. I have heard such a thing intimated." "It is, then, as the emperor suspects," said Karl j " and Sir Caspar must not know my mission, at least not until I have found the way to the Castle of the Black Wolf. How for is it from hese ?". i " Not more than two leagues. It is away among the rocky fastnesses to the eastward." " Not more than two leagues ?" repeated Karl. "Then it must be within Von Edenburg's own ?domain ?" " So it is, sir. The castle was built by Sir Caspar's permission while his father was absent in Palestine ; and on that father's return, when near to his home, where he sought repose and rest from his labors, he was met and slain by the very man who had been permitted to quarter upon his estate." " By my life," returned Sir Karl, " if that were the finger of Providence, it fell in a most mysteri ous manner." " Tn a mannar mnnf unfortunate and most un " in a manner most uaiorimuuut: uT uiuau un- happy !" sighed Harold. After a pause Sir Karl asked when Caspar von Edenburg would return. But Harold could not tell. He only knew that the baron had announced his intention of going to Freyburg on business. He might be gone a week, and perhaps only a few days. In the evening Sir Karl and his esquire were in- troduced to Julian and Leolin, two faithful and re- liable soldiers, who had been followers of Sir Ulric, and who, upon Harold's recommendation, were admitted to the secret of our hero's mission. They were earnest in their vows of fidelity, and eager to do their part towards the apprehension and punishment of the Black Wolf. " And now," said Karl, when the the evening was well advanced, " I think I will seek my rest. Both Orlando and myself have ridden hard during the , past two days." Ever since the shades of evening had set in the , old seneeobal had evinced occasional signs of ah- j straction and uneasiness, and now he seemed deeply perplexed. " Sir Karl," he said, with a gulp, " I hardly know what to do. All the furnished apartments of the new castle are at present tenanted by friends and guests of the baron. Mo3t of them are now absent with him ; but his orders are imper- ative that their quarters shall not be disturbed." " Tut, tut, good Harold, hang not your head for that. Any nook, where you can spread a bundle of straw, will suffice us. Let us not trespass upon the quarters of others." " There are good apartments. Sir Knight, in the Paladin's Tower j but-but-" " Ho, ho !" cried Karl, as the seneschal hesitated, -" that is the old Carlovingian pile which has the reputation of being haunted ? I have heard some- thing of it." Harold shook his li ead sadly and solemnly. " Ah, fair sir, it is indeed haunted, and that, too, in a most mysterious and melancholy manner. It was there that Sir Ulric used to repair for study and meditation ; and after he had his unhappy trouble with his young wife he betook himself en- tirely to the eld tower, and made his quarters thero until he set forth for the Holy Land. In the Paladin's Tower, aleo, are all the ancient arms and i-.""l,;"" "C 17",]""!,""" n"A «.not- a» M.a «1,1 ninl-,..^. trophies of Edenburg, and most of the old pictures. And now-now-the spirit of Sir Ulric keeps watch and ward there. On the night when he died now ten years agone-the old castle came near to being overturned by the terrific storm wjiich burst upon it. The lightning poured down in blinding flames, and the thunder orashed until the very mountains shook. The good old baron died with a terrible weight of agony upon his mind. Warbeck his esquire, held the key to a secret upon which the honor of his name, and the honor of his beauti- ful wife, depended; and Warbeck could not be found. It was said then that Sir Ulric's Bpirit could not rest until light should be shed upon Warbeck's mysterious disappearance. And the augury bath been fulfilled. At times the Paladin's Tower is shaken as it was shaken on that fearful night of storm and tempest, and the spirit of the baron wanders through the old halls." "Have you ever seen the spectre ?" asked Karl, soberly. " Yes,-twice." " Did it look like Sir Ulric ?" "It was Sir Ulric's own self. Once he appeared in his robes, as he used to sit in judgment in the great hall ; and'once he appeared in full armour in the self-same armour he wore at Acre. O ! it is dreadful ! All the horrors of that fearful night, ten years ago, were present in the scene-the thunder and the lightning, and the howl of the blast. And yet, without the castle the night was as calm and serene as it is at tluB moment." Karl turned to his esquire. "Orlando, will you quarter with me in the Paladin's Tower ?" " I should like it," answered the esquire. " Good Harold," said the knight, " I pray you, let us quarter in the old tower. As I live, I have a strange desire to seo this spectral presence. The impulse is upon me, and you must gratify mo." " But, Sir Karl-" " Tush, man ! Has the spectre ever harmed any one ?" " Not in body, I admit j but who shall say what maybe? The poor spirit sufforeth continual un- rest, and I wot not how it liketh intrusion." "Be the penalty mine own, good Harold; but lead you tho way. Orlando and I will try one night in the Paladin's Tower, at all events." "Then so be it," replied the seneschal. And thus speaking he left the room, and soon returned bearing a lighted torch in his hand, while Julian, who accompanied him, carried a silver candlestick and waxen tapers. " Karl von Linden," said Harold, with extreme solicitude, " ere we set forth lot me assure yon that I have told to you no idle tale. The Spectre of the Paladin's Tower is no creature of the imagination, but the spirit of Sir Ulric. Of this I am assured. Julian can bear witness to the truth of what I say." Julian, with much shuddering, declared that he had seen the Spectre Baron, and that the scene and the occasion were awful beyond description. But our hero was not to' be deterred from his purpose ; and when assured that his esquire was not only willing, but even anxious to bear him company, he told the seneschal to lead the way. Out into the broad hall moved Harold, holding the flaming torch above his head, and thence on to the rear of the main keep, where a ponderous door opened upon a narrow foot-bridge, connecting the more modem pile with the old. Beyond this bridge was an oaken door, thickly studded with hugh nails of brass, and set within a deep arch, showing tke walls to be of immense thickness. To the lock of this door Harold applied an enormous key 5 and as the heavy barrier cracked and groaned upon its hinges, he informed the knight that they were en- tering the old tower. And a sombre, dismal place it was. The walls were of unhewn stone, arched overhead, and dark and dank from the collected deposit of centuries. " What is there beneath this place ?" asked Karl as they advanced in the grim old donjon. " Crypts and.vaults and pits and dungeons, which have not been visited by human beings for ages," replied Harold, portentously. "They are deep, dark prisons, where, in other times, hundreds ef poor victims were shut up to starve !" And so the seneschal went on, until they reached the apartment where the guests were .to lodge This was a rectangular room, of unequal sides, and apparently in one corner of the tower, as there were embrasures, or loop- holes, upon two sides. These apertures were narrow, and showed the walls even here to be several feet in thickness. The furniture of the apartment consisted of a ponderous oaken bed-frame, upon which was arranged a thick mattress of wool, with a sufficient supply of clothing ; a table ; a low dressing-stand, over which was suspended a rusty metallic mirror ; and half a dozen oaken stools. The floor waa of bare stone, with mats of straw by the bed and by the table. Here and there dingy shreds of some sort of tapestry hung upon the walls, but they were the relics of an ornamentation that had served its purpose ages before. " Humph !" said Orlando, after he had surveyed the premises, "the old Paladin who built this place had an idea of strength, if not of beauty." " Aye," responded Karl, " I think that these walls might be proof against interlopers." " The walls are strong," added Harold, " and you can make the door as secure as you please. You will observe that its bolts and bars are all upon chis side. This is the room in which Sir Ulric slept» when he betook himself to the tower, and he had the door guarded as you see. You should have known the noble baron." I " I remember him very well," said Orlando. " I I was with Prince Ernest at Acre when Sir Ulric I von Edenburg saved the royal standard of France, and I came home at the time of his own return, j and saw him several times in Rome and once at j Aix." j "And you would know him if yon should see him again ?" "As well as I should know my brother again whom I saw last week." " God grant that you do not see him !" ejaculated Harold, devoutly. " Amen !" responded Julian. " And-Amen !" repeated Sir Karl. "A comfortable night, fair sir, and cheering dreams. H aught else betide thee, the blame can- not rest with me." And thus speaking, Harold turned from the place, followed by Julian, who had left a taper burning upon the table. CHAPTEE V. THE SPECTRE BARON. "Orlando," said the knight, when they were alone, " shall we bolt the door before we retire ?" The esquire, ere he answered, glanced around him. The single lighted taper cast but a sickly glimmer upon the rough walls, and the complexion of the place was sombre in the extreme. " If you seek my counsel, Sir Karl, I shall give t as I deem best myself. Though I have myself never seen a ghost, and though I have been wont to doubt the truth of such things, yet I cannot treat lightly the evidence of such men as Harold and Julian. They are both bold, brave, and reliable soldiers, and speak in honesty and sincerity ; and they speak, too, of what they have seen and of what they know. I have no fears-I fear not even the coming of this Spectre Baron-but I would make such provision against the ingress of mortal substance that only an imponderous spirit can gain entrance. T would advise that we not only secure the door, but that we look to the walls and the loop-holes to see' that there be no other way of passage." Karl admitted that his esquire was right, and forthwith they proceed to the work of exploration. An old iron candlestick was found in a niche, before a brazen crucifix, and having placed a second taper in this and lighted it, they went to the door. Here they put up the heavy cross-cut and shot the bolts, and thence proceeded to examine the wall. The ma- sonry was solid and firm, without any perceptible break or crack, save where the embrasures were let through; but these were narrow, and when Orlando had crawled out upon the sill of one of them he found that they overlooked a dark, yawn- ing chasm. The floor waB of masBive blocks of stone, fitted closely together, with no break to be found anywhere. " Surely," said the knight, when they had com- pleted the examination, "no mortal can gain entrance here." " I can see no way," returned the esquire. "If we are visited in this place while that door is fast, I should say it must be by some one less material than living man in the flesh." One of the tapera was extinguished, and the other left burning upon the table. Our hero simply removed his upper garments, and, having laid his sword where it could be easily reached, he betook himself to the bed, leaving plenty of room at the foot thereo, for his eBquire. The two men were weary, and did not remain long awake after their heads had touched the pillows. As Orlando lightly remarked : " If the spectre comes and desires audience he will surely awaken us ; and if he comes without awakening us, it will be to us as though he had not come at all." Karl von Linden slept and dreamed. He dreamed that he was in a deep wood, and that the ladies Leonora and Lucille were under his protection. While they traversed a secluded vale low mut terings of thunder were heard, and anon the storm burst upon them. He fancied that Lucille, shrink- ing with fear, called bis name. "Sir Karl! Sir Karl!" He awoke and started up. By the dim light of the burning taper he could see his esquire sitting up at the foot of the bed, and he had a perception that a storm had indeed arisen. " Did you call, Orlande ?" " Yea. Do you hear those strange sounds ?" " I hear the voice bf the thunder." " But not such thunder as we are wont to hear, my master." " How now, my esquire ? Are not storms common in these mountains ?" " Aye ; but cast your eyes toward yonder loop hole, and tell me what you see." Karl looked quickly, and presently replied : " I see nothing." " Beyond-beyond-in the heavens, I mean. Do you not see the stars shining ?" " Aye, you are right, Orlando. By my life ! this can be no ordinary storm." The mutterings grew louder and louder, until the solid walls began to tremble j and anon there came a sulphurous taint upon the air. Both the knight and his esquire sat still and listened. From low murmurings the thunder arose in volume and loud peals, as though crashing through the deep chambers of the rock. At length a volume of vapor arose in the apartment, growing more and more dense, and spreading out until the rays of the taper were obscured. Then the nebulous mass asssumed a lurid tinge, and directly a peal of thunder, louder than any which had preceded it, shook the old tower to its foundations. Then the vapory cloud grow less dense, and in the midst thereof appeared the form of a knight, elad in complete armour. He was of powerful proportions, and of dignified pre- sence ; and in his hand he borea gleaming falchion. Híb visor was up, and his face turned towards the bed. And still the thunder pealed, and now vivid streams of lightning flashed through the apart 1 ment. The knight cast an inquiring glance upon his esquire. " It is Sir Ulric !" gasped Orlando. " Art sure ?" queried Karl. " I know him well. It íb he-his every feature, and his very armour." Our hero took heart, and turned to the spectral presence. " Sir Knight, I am a guest in this castle, and have been put to rest in this apartment. Who art thou, and what wouldst thou with me ?" (To 6« continued.) 