RAILWAY CONCERT AT HEALES. VILLE. On Friday evening a concert in jud of the families flooded out at Echuca was given in Daly's Hall, Healesville, by the employes of tie local railway station. There was a large attendance, visitors from the surrounding districts and metropolis being present. Mr W. M'Sweenev, senior locomotive driver at Healesville, was chairman, and at the rise of the curtain said that the original idea was to give the funds to the London dock laborers, but during the past week the strike had ended, and the promoters had decided to assist those families who had been flooded out at Echuca. He thanked them for the sympathy shown for the object, and hoped , they would be pleased with the performance. Mrs Anderson, of Lilydale, opened the entertainment with a pianoforte solo, which was played very skilfully. Mr Evans's song, " The Anchor's Weighed," was loudly applauded. A comic duet, "Dearly Beloved Brethren," by Porters Lewis and Christie, was encored. Then followed a duet, "Albion, on the Fertile Plains," by Messrs Paddock and Evans, which was rendered in capital style. Mr J. E. Lonergan sang the " Death of Nelson.'' This gentleman seemed nervous and started rather high. He was, however, well applauded. The Lancashire Olog Dance by Porter Christie was well performed, after which Mr T. M'Donald sang " Maid of Athens," in a masterly manner. The audience jsas.ihen treated -to a. drum solo by Master Louis Oanno, champion Cadet drummer of Victoria and son of the late Signor Canno. This young gentleman represented abattery of artillery being discharged, and with lightning rapidity would throw the sticks in the air and change them, so that it would hardly be noticeable. He had to respond to a well deserved encore. Mr J. Lindsay was sncorsd for his rendition of "Now, my courage." The first part of the entertainment was concluded with a comic sketch, entitled " Healesvilleton Police Force." The parts were taken by Guard Phillips, PortersChristie, Lewis, and Master Phillips and the piece caused much amusement. An interval of 10 minutes was announced, but after somethinglike 25 minutes Porter Christie sang a couple of nigger songs. The cause of the delay was the non-appearance of " Lena," who was to have been shown that evening. After Porter Christie's songs, Mr Forster, of Fernshaw, sang " Romany Lass," and received an encore, and rendered "Hark! The Drum," but as he had been thrown from his horse during the week, and received severe injury to his nasal organ he could not do full justice to the soDgs. Guard Phillips followed with a song and dauce " I am in Love," and was encored. Mrs Anderson sang " Going to Market," in lier usual efficient manner, but she could not be heard to advantage in the hall. Mr Nairne followed with a couple of comic recitations, and his talking hand, which seemed to amuse the audience. Mr T. M'Donald sang'' Alice where art Thou," and was deservedly applauded. The performance concluded with a farce entitled " Grandmother's Ghost." The cast was taken by Messrs Phillips, Lewis, Christie aud Lindsay, and the audience was kept in roars of laughter from beginning to end. At the conclusion the chairman apologised for the way in which the second part of the programme had been carried out, for many of those who had offered their assistance failed to keep their promises. He hoped tliey would overlook any errors, and that at the next concert given by the railway men they would again pat- rnnian f.Vipm ng wall n<i Hiptt li^rl jui.lbai occasion. i ne accompaniments were played by Mrs Anderson and Mr Lindsay, and this, together with the beautifully toned piano, kindly lent by Messrs Nicholson and Co., was all that could be desired. After the entertainment a ball was held, and about 20 couples took the floor, to the straias of a piano and violin. Refreshments were served round with a lavish hand shortly after midnight. The dance was one of the merriest ever hold in Healesville, and ceased about 5 a.m. The catering, in the hands of Mr W. Thurgood, of 209 Swanston street, Melbourne, was all that could be desired. The total receipts of the entertainment, including the sum of £1 which was collected at Mrs Harrison Lee's lecture, were £17 18s, and the expenses amounted to 9£ 6s 3d, leaving a balance of £8 lis «Jd in hand. Altogether the affair was very successful, and more so when it is taken into consideration that the majority of those who took part had never appeared on tlie stage before. It is the intention of the employes to give another entertainment at an early date in aid of some of the local institutions, and if they do, a bumper house may be predicted for thein. 