OUR NOVEL. BY ORDER OF THE CZAR: OB, THE QUEEN OP THE GHETTO. \--? Br JOSEPH HATTON, ADTHOE or " CBOEL LONDON," " TH« " THBEB BECEUITB," "OLTTIE," "THE VALLBT OP POPPIEB," " JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE," &C;, «fcc. PART ll. CHAPTER III. Two MKBRT SISTERS. " IT. «ras the opera of Carmen," said Philip; '*a faTourite opera of mine, be cause it seemod to me to bo a consistent and possible story,, the music and words deftly, wedded, ihe chorus people coming in naturally, as p*rt of the story and not merely to. sing. Indeed, ?t is the only opera in which one's imagination, does not seem' to be especially or remarkably handicapped, when at a tragic moment the bero i begins to sing, and when the heroioe, being stabbed to the heart,,or dying of poison, does not also burst, ont into. >a wonderful off ort of vocalisation." " Uh, you demand realism in opera, do you P And yet I hear you profor a light melodramatic work, such' as Carmen, to the great Wagnerian dramas." "But,J don't make any sweeping criticism for or against any opera or com- poser," Philip replied. "Carmen always appeals to me somehow for its utter naturalness: I may be wrong,14arç.«ay am. Well, it was at the scene where Micbavel tries to pnrsuade the soldier i lover to go home--the scene with the banditti in the mountains you know when I was suddenly couscous of a new ; presence in the house, not upon tlie sjage, but in the theatre. I , had glanced aside : for a moment, and iu the. b^x immedia- tely .opposite-Lady Marchmont s ; box, in fact-»I. saw: a - face, partially, hidden j among Die curtains,, pale, ; earnest,; »with j irrest bright, eyes, and a halo ,of dark re(J. hair; the lips,were parked, the face all ¡eager and wonderfully beautiful, and )t seemed to roe. as if the eloquent «yes fell'upon mine. ¡I was fascinated; as .I .gazed the face gradually withdrew ¿atp the shadow of the box. Wlieu the .ac,t was atfau -end Ï visited Lady Marchiuo^unt. j While I shook hands with her ladyship,! looked round her box. ?.¥*ou expected Lord,. Marchmouut P? : she «aid. j He is obliged to be at the House; but I think he will be here before the eud of the last act. Hf girls are with their anút ¡j,. I. aun ? quite alone. WiU.youuotsit?' I thought she seemed to, be talking and explaining why ¿he. WAS alone, for the e&k;<< of pu Wing - me off my inquiry ss to the lady who wns in the box at the bandit scene ;. I don't know what made me think so.. ? But the lady,' I said, ' who was here a few minutes sinceP' 'What lady?' she asked. 'She was at the back of the box,' I said. * I have had no visitor that I am aware of. except yourself.' 'I beg your pardon, perhaps it was in the next box,; I am sure you will forgive my curiosity, Lady Marchmonnt» out, it was a. very remark- ? able and beantifnl face, and it Went straight home to my imagination as the . very face I want for a picture I am going ,to paint.' 'That is a convenient excuse . you artists make for introductions to pretty women, but ! have had no lady in my box to-night. If, however, you are in search of beauty, what say you to Madame ^Petronovitch P' She indicated the royal box with her fan, and handed ino' her glass. "I looked over ¿fie way and saw a hand- some foreign-looking womau, chatting with a distinctly Russian officer; both animated, the. lady evidently happy, the officer somewhat constrained in his manner ,Aud with, as I thought, a cruel mouth, and a cold resolute eye. 'General Petronoyitch," said Lady Marchmont! t ; *' the famous Russian . diplomat. and soldier making a tour of Europe by way of honey moon, coupled with official bnsi ness;! is to honour the Italian Court dur- ing the coming festivities at Venice; a compliment to Italy which troubles France .and does not delight Germany. Lird Marchmount was to have come » 'to bring ,the General to my box, and no doubt will. ?5 Won't you stay P " Thank you, Lady Marchmount," I said, " I have a f riend who is a stranger to town," which'was perfect-, . true : a young fellow to whom my mother was anxious I should pay attention. So I left the box, and made a survey of the "house from various points, but my ! 'myàtarions and beautiful vision was no '-^gjaWito be seen." , "^It: was nota vision after all, oh p not à dream, face incident and all P" "lHo, it was a reality, and I cannot help (|l}lnkjng(1jady Marchmount' had eenie reason for aayiög slio had ao othor visiior except myself " ... " But surely she would not have told a deliberate He nbout it P" ?? " She might have done so with a reser- vation." .« But why ?" "Ah, there you bring me to a dead stop." V Would it have been possible for the lady to have goue into tho box and Lady Marchmouut »ot have seen her P" " Yes, if the door had been left open, and Lady Marchmouut had boen deeply interested in the play ; but she was not. Her interest WAS in tile Russian party in the Royal-box." " Was the stranger long in the box P" . " About as long as it took me to tell you about her," "She was very much iu earnest, you say; was she deeply iuterested .in the opera P" " On reflection it seems to me she must have been directing her gaze upon the Russian box ; and yet also 1 fancied she looked at me as well. But the incident was brief, and what struck me was tho wonderful, sad, tragic beauty of the face." " Madame Lapukfm's ghost, fliil !" j '' No ghost," aaid tiio artist, his eyeB upon j the face he had erawu, " Then we will find her. Ton have all ooo requires," pointing to the picture, " t^ assist an independent search. * Wanted, a mysterious lady, last seen at the opera of Carmen in Lady March mont's box, half hidden in the curtains, j reminded au enthusiastic artist of--?' " ? "Don't scoff, Dick," said Philip, "you have no idea how serious I feel about that face." - "Of course you do. One only wants the assnrance of your canvas to know ¿hat. But what other steps if any, have you taken to find Madame ?". J' I have been at the opera every night siäce, in and out, making calls ; I went Into, the Milbauko's box. Then another rilgtft took my mother; another went into the stalls. I have strolled into the Row, cold as it is, aud 1 have called upon Lady March'iuonnt." "And no ctueP" '« .* Not the slightest." "'What does Dolly-Miss Norcott-say toÍt?",i: - .-f . ' ; "To whatf*! ' ' *' *. To ybùrv search for the mysterious fewntyP" ' " I hare not mentioned the subject to W' ?:? .'" Bat I thought a young fellow men- tioned' pretty well everything to his fiáncée." ' "Dolly is not my financé»'* said the artist. ; " Is it all off, then P" "Itwas.norerall on." "Oh, indeed; excuse me, I thought front what your mother said the other night that it was settled, and that you were going with the Miibaukes to Venice." ' " I ara thinking of going to Venice." " ÜLnd taking a studio there for a month or two ?" "Ten." " Convenient to have Djlly and her amiable sister there at the sa-ne time; gave you from ennui, and enable you to forget that woinau'a face." " I shall never forget it." " Nor will the public," said Dick, " if you finish the picture a* you have begun it. Idon't waut to surprise your secret, but Miss Norcot is a very bright, charm- ing, and desirable young womau." Philip's repiy was interrupted by a triple knock at the door, followed by a merri', musical voice, which asked, "Is anythiug dreadful going on? May we come inf" ; " That is Dolly," said Philip. *' Sounded to me like Mrs. Milbanke," Qftid Dick* ' "She said 4 we,'" observed Philip, going to the door. " and that ' wo ' means Dolly and her sister, Jenny. "Of course you may," said tho artist, leading in a pretty, fashionable girl of a little over twenty. ' "Jenny is with me-she stayed to speak to the porter's wife. Here she is ; come in, Jenny, there is nothing dreadful going on, only Mr. Chetwynd," said tho young lady,'in a pleasant voice. "Oh yes, there ia" she continued, all iu the samo breath, and looking straight at Philip's sketab. " What a miserable lot ! But how clever! Is this yours, Mr. Forsyth?" "Yes, I think so," said Philip, his manner somewhat constrained as com- pared with his frank conversation with Dick Chetwynd. " One of Foray th's dreams," Baid Chet- wynd, nt the same time greeting Dolly's histor, Mrs. Milbanke. " What a queer dream," weut on Dolly, ''but Mr. Forsyth has ugly dreams." "Not always," said Dick, smiling in his bland, calm way. " You are looking charming this morning." " Oh, 1 ara not one of Mr. Forsyte's dreams,; I. am a very sober reality. Am I not, Mr. Philip Forsyth?" -, Here she turned her berry eyes upon JPhUfp, .aqd. waj tho;,very antítímsts[ot the ? womauv iii tho picture, Dolly -ww 'twAfui ing in good health, a pretty blonde, with a dainty figure ; very moderu, an artist would say, and so she iras iu dross, style and nimner ; a tennis- player, a flirt, and yet at heart a good-natured pleas mt Lon- don girl. And elie was Loudon, every inch of her, with all the Loudon chic and audacity ; fearless in her present ig- norance of art and all its branches, except the art of dross and the art of small t ilk ; she would talk ou anyt'hiug, and what not-the musical glasses, or the music of the spheres; she laughed at lier own ignorance when it became too apparent, but site could walt« divinely, sing snatches of all thc modern operas, comic and otherwise, play bile of Wagner, Chopin, Meudessohn, Sullivan ; never finished anythiug, however, and was altogether a pretty, dainty amusing, light- hearted London girl. And her sister,, Jenny, was a great .deal like her, only n little more staid in mauuer aud conversa- tion, she being married and Dolly' otily on tho eve of being engaged. They were of medium height, both of them, the oue a little prettier than the other, both merry, both touched with tho Society mania of knowing the "smartest people, don't you know V" both flirts, both" genial, pleasant and good women. Once in a way some conceited person of tho oppo site sex would mistake their free uucon strained manners, aud trespass hy sug- gestion or remark upon what they con- sidered their good nature, and thou it would hs revealed to him and sundry that Doily and her sisters "stood no non- sense," to use a favourite phrase of Mr. Samuel Swyntord, an admirer of both'the sisters and especially of Dolly, for whom, it taras generally known he cherished a" more or less secret passion. " The? both like a bit of fun," said Sam to a friend, who had heard of a snub Mrs. Milbauke had administered to a certain noble lord, " but they know jnst how far to go, aud any fool who is not equally well informed comes a cropper, I can tell yon, if ha f»resumes upon their good nature. It's ike a baar transaction agMitist a etroug syndicate. I knew a fellow who did a big bear on Nitrates just ns the rise began ; lie did not know how the North wind was blo ving, any more than dill your noble lord when ho ventured to dis,, couut the high, unblemished aud beauti- ful moral characters ot Dolly Norcott iud her sister Jenny " They were daintily dressed, the two merry sisters.. Dolly might have been called a harmony in pink; for if her cloak was of dark plush, the lining was of soft pink silk,- and lier hat was of some indescribably pinky salmon colour, Ju tone aud sympathy therewith. Jenny, her sister, was dark, not a brnuette, but her hair was a very doep brown, her eyes hazel, her complexion what Disraeli would have called rich, and while there was a strong family likeness to her sister, «he was not as pretty as Dolly, nor had she the freshness of youth, that was Dolly's precious possession both' in fact and iu appearance. Dolly was twenty-three, Jenny was thirty. Jenny wore a plash cloak of a dead gold colour, and un- buttoning it, disclosed a lcvely dress of ruby silk. She word a plath hat to march her cloak, tall and stately witli nodding decorations, such as gentle- men hud very awkward at theatrical matinées, and against one of which tho frea and indépendant states of America is about to pass a law. Before it comes iiito forco it is to be hoped the fashion of exaggerated hats will have changed, though it must be admitted that the prevailing fashions are not unpicturesque. Dolly Norcott and Mrs. Milbanke might have been preseutod to the most querulous American critic of tall hats as very pleas I ant arguments in their favour, and one 1 would not object to hare had the twot ladies put into competition with any two American beauties of their age, or indeed iu competition with any two sisters of any other country, though of late years America has claimed the palm, and many Englishmen seem to have conceded to them the claim for feminine beauty over the old country and every other. But no woman in the world grows old as gracefully or beautifully as au English- woman ! There is Lady Msrchmount, for instance. She is nearly sixty ; she looks forty, has tho voice of thirty, the manners of a matron, the heart of a girl ; there is not a wrinkle in her face, nor a w'jite hair in her head. And yet she does not as do many American ladies of her age, dress as if she were twenty; she accepts the fact of her age, assumes the role of a matron who is a grandmother, and pre Berv83, as she will to her lase days, a I charm of manner and a womanly grace, which is exceptionally the inheritance of Englishwomen. " Don't go on our account, Mr. Chetwynd." said Mrs. Milbanke; "we only called because we were passing, aud aud Dolly wondered what Mr. Forsyth was doing. We have been calling on Lady Marchmount." " Many people there P" asked Philip. " Ho, twenty of thirty," said Dolly. "The usual set: members p? Parliaments wived, à prluui douua engaged' to »lug, a thought reader, and several persons from the Itali un embassy." "Many .ladies?" asked Philip, his iniud ruuuiug ou the woman of the opera. " Why, I told you," said Dolly, " the same old set; are you still dreaming? There was a very pleasant mau who kuows Venice well ; he says wo ought to stay there at least two mouths-that for his part he could live there for ever ; aud Jenny told him you are going to have a studio there aud paint, at which he was deeply interested;" *. Oh, here you aro," said Mrs. Mil banke, as the porter's wife entered. " I ventured td ask for soinotca, Mr.Forsyth," I said Mts. Milhaukc. " I always think it is so delightful, tea iu a studio ; and es- pecially when there is no fuss and tho men can g>> on smoking. "Lib:rty Hall," as Mr. S uuiiel Swyuford eays. " Just so," said Clietwond. " Has Mr. 'Swynpord made a fortuue yet P" ; " I am sure I don't kuow. He was very mysterious-the other night with Walter about some Transvaal minos that are a certainty. I don't quito know whether he ; is a bull or a bear, but' he says they will j go Up to, tea premium, and that when Jtliev do lie is going lo have a holiday. Ho has let Walter have a few shares." . .'" Which I fear will settle poor Sam's prospect*,* chimed in Dolly, "as Walter told him; for if there is an unlucky fellow in the world, it is Walter." He does not thiuk «V' said Chet- wynd; "at all event« he does not look it when he is ont with ins wife and sister." " Ah, he is a dear fellow-Walter," remarked Dolly, sipping her tea, and soddenly remarking to Philip. "Won't you make mo a cigarette P I might take ono whiff, eh? Tuere was a Russian woman at Lady Marchtuount's who shioked a cigarette, much to everybody's Surprise j it is true she only smoked it in the hall when she. was leaving. They say cigarette smoking grows on ono like dram- drinking; your mother Lady Forsyth, allows it ac her Sunday even- ings, Mr. Philip P" "Tes," Philip replied, "she allows many things which I don't think I would jieriuit." ? ' " WaHAr won't let ns smoke," s »id Mrs. Mlbaukc; "not that we want to, but he won't have it at ali, although he himself smokes from moruiiig till night." " Walter is very funny abont his smok- ing," said Dolly ; " he says it is a good thing for the house, and a good thing for hiui, hut & had tiling for women-taints their, breath, makes them mauuish, which he hates. But yon have got a rather mauuish woman in your picture, Mr. Forsyth." . " Do you thiuk so P" " Yes, but I suppose she is iuteuded to be tragic, ehP" "Yes." . " I thought so ; the young mau is dying of c.ild and weariness, and she wants to help him, anrl that Oossack soldier won't let her. W hat a look she gives him ! It will be a fine picture." "Do you think so P" exclaimed Philip, with a smile of satisfaction. " Dick is pleased with it." ".Then it mu«t be good," remarked Jeniiy, " if Air. Chetwynd thinks so, and is not afraid to put his thoughts iuto words." " Indeed, you seem to know me, Mrs. Mjlbaukot What a pléasaut thing it is to hare a character that everyone eau read liks a book-to wear oue's heart upon one's sleeve as Shakspere has it." " Jî'or. daWs to peck at, eh P Then .Tm a daw, Mr. Chetwynd, thank you. You didn't thjuk 1 knew my Shakspere, I sup- pose,. Come, Dolly, now we must go. I have scored off Mr. Chetwynd, and I will not'stay*'a minute longer." " That is so like Jenny," Dolly remark- ed'to Philip; "wheuever she wins any- thing she leaves off. Some people lay down their:cards or their bat or leave Hie,tables when they lose, Jenny always leaves when sho wins." V Except that once, Dolly, at Monte Carlo ; do you remember P Don't think I gamble, Mr. Chetwynd, but at Borne do as the Bihmans do. We were at Monte Carla last winter with Walter, aud, of course, we sent to the tables. I know nothing''about faro and that kind of thing, I simply backed the red-it was the day before we left-it came up five times, five, times ten pounds, and then I put all the fifty on; it came up again, and'thon I would leave. Don't you think 1 was wise r "You are always wise, and always de- lightful," said Dick. "Come along, Dolly. Good-bye Mr. Forsyth. I know Mr. Chetwynd is going to say something sharp and cutting; I eau hoar the carriage on the gravel. I Au revior, Mr. Forsyth ; you are coming to dinner." " "To talk over Italy, and especially Venice,"* said Dolly, turning the battery bf . her eyes upon Philip. And what lovely eyes they were, blue as an Italian sky, her lips as red as its coral, and her whole figp.ro, appearance, manner, voice, tho warm pressure of her hand, radiating health aud&eusuous; good nature, .'j, , . : CHAPTER IV. THE MII.BA.NKES AT HOME. "BY Jove, you are io be envied," ex- claimed Dick when the two women had left; "as fine a woman as the most fastidious Sybarite with a love of life and domestic happiness could desire. Just the kind of girl for you ; not too learned, no dreams, enough appreciation of art to give you a frank and useful opiuion of the public-the outside opinion, tile opinion of tho pnblic ; no sulks, no mad passion, plenty of common sense, good ¿pirita, a nice little fortuuc, would entertain your guests right merrily. I think your mother is wise to encourage the match. And tho right sort of family ta go into. Walter Milbanke is as good a fellow as there is gowing ; got a sung conveyancing practice loft by his father. His mother is rich. Dolly's people are iu good society and well off, and Mrs. Milbanke is one of the most charming and agree- able of hosts, Why don't you settle it all, Phil P You are the sort of you Mg fellow who should get married. You want sympathy, and you want a com- fortable and well-managed homo." " She is a delightful girl, Dolly-as you say, Dick, very pretty. J am sure she is generous, iii spite of that suggestion of wordiness that comes out of her conver- sation. But she is not like that with me. I think it is part of the current eoiu of Society talk ; b it I hate Society." " No, you don't, old chap ; you hate what people call Su-iety, but you like what we call Society, what your mother calla Society, what my wife calls Soi- iety, you eujoy that, and you can make your own set. Wheu you marry Dally, you' can interprot your ovrn idea of Society, aud translate it as you please. Com», old, fellow, don't brood over the gold medal; don't thiuk too much of lhe model you want for the forloru woman iu thc fore* ground. We will fiad her, or au3» her as good. Come up into the East E id one day (your tragic heroine has a Jewish cast of countenance), I will take you to a Jewish quarter where you will hud several Polish faces that might sit for your Sibe- rian picture." ??'The despair would be there, perhaps," said Philip, " but not the beauty, not the dignity, not the strength, not tho threat of vengeance in the eyes, not the deep strange reminiscence of sufferiug I saw in the month, and in the clenched, bony. bat refined fingers; no,, that.U a face I should say one is only likely to s»e once in a lifetime." Let us follow Mrs. Milbanke and her sister home. Dolly Norcott lives with her parents at Norwood, but spends moBt of her time, at Westbury Lodge, St. John's Wood Road. They call it West- bury Lodge because Walter Milbanke has an estate at Westbury, near Bristol, and there is a little territorial vanity ia this association of name. It is a picturesque, two-story house, fenced in, and looking the daintier for the fencing when the front gate is open and you gel a glimpse of a long grass- covered path, at the end of which there is a tesselated halt and beyond a back garden, with tennis net« and flowers. Westbury Lodge is by no moans pala- tial, but it is sufficient for the wants of the Milbankes, Walter often declaring that if he were worth a twenty thousand a year he would not want a larger house, nor would he desire to live one bit more ostentatiously that at present; though his wife ventures to remark that she hopes if ever he has twenty thousand a year \ he will go into Parliament) and work his way into the Cabinet as So-and-so has done, and as So-and-So means to do, Walter meets his wife and sister in the hall, kisses them both, asks where they have been, what the news is, and tells them he bas only just come from the office ; hopes dinuer will not be late-he has asked Sam Swyufo 1 to joiu them. Jeuny says she thinks that unfortunate, and askes if he has forgotten that Philip Forsyth is coming, and that the occasion is the talking over the Venice trip. Nb, Walter says he has not forgotten; and the fact is, he says, he does not choose to have this fast and loose business of Mr. Philip Forsyth, and he is not sure that Sam S wyn ford would not be a much better match. Anyhow he regards it as a good idea to bring the two young fellows together as much as possible, that Dolly may make up her mind, or that the two young fellows may kill each other or do something. For his part he does not intend this affair to go on; if Philip ac- companies them to Italy, why of course, that may be said to settle the question." "But he would go, Wally dear, whether we go or not. He has taken a studio there, or intends to do so." " He expressed no íutention of the kind until he knew we were going there." "That is true," the wife replied. " And Ids mother has twice spoken to me about Dolly, and expressed a hope that she and Forsyth would make a match of it at once. * How happy could I he with either,' eh?" continued Wal- ter, putting ono arm round Dolly, and another round hie wife, and loading them into tho drawing] rooui, "TliaVa your ? aouUuiuut, eh, Dully f" M ' ' ?'. - '.ll "Oh, I don't know. Wally. I think I like Philip best. He is romantic and interesting; far innre distinguished in appearance than Sam ; and is likely to make a name and a great position." " When you will have to do all the worshipping," said Walter. "These artistic geniuses, these men of distinction -authors, painters, artists, actors-they don't make good husbands as a rule ; they have whims and humours-moods, I believe they call them ; the more success, ful they are the mora dreamy aud exact- ing. Society spoils them." "But I am bound to say Philip puts on no airs," Dolly replied; "he is very modest, considering how clever he is." "Ohjyesj no doubt; but whsu success comes then comes hero-worship and all that sort of thing. For show* I daresay Forsyth would make the best husband; a fine, handsome, young man to sit by your side at the opera, to drive in the park with, if he had ever time to drive in the park, and for other women to envy and try to get him away from you. But for a good, honest, devoted, useful, and wealthy husband-and 1 say wealthy advisedly, he knows what IIB is'about-I would back Sam Swyaford. Yon eould have your own way with him, jnst as Jenny has with mei" This Walter said wi til an audible chuckle, adding, " Sam is by ho meaus the fool some people affect to think, him; I know that he made ten thousand poands last week in Primitivas-bought them at seventy and held ou like grim death till they went up to two hundred and twenty. Think of the courage of a stroke like that, and the knowledge ; there is not a cooler head nor a softer heart on the whole Exchange. And now, my dears, as you are in full possession of my views, I vote yon go and dress for dinner and act accordingly. They dressed together, the two sisters. Never were two young women more de- voted to each other. Dolly was as proud of Jeuny's domestic abilities as Jenny was of Dolly's beauty. Jenny admired Dolly's singing beyond even the vocalisa- tion of Patti. Dolly thought Jenny the most charming of conversationalist's. There were two conches in the room to which Walter had dismissed them for the mysterious ceremony of dressing. The lounges were speedily occupied by the tWo ladies, iii dressing goWnB and slippers attended by a clever French maid, who brought them tea'in two tiny pots and then'left them to decide what they Would wear on this momeutuous occasion, for on this night. Dolly was expected to bring Philip Forsyth to book, or make up her mind to accept Sam Swynford; not that Sain bad proposed, but it was believed he would do sd on the slightest provoca- tion. . """ Ton onghfc tb bs a very happy girl," said Jenny. " How happy contd you be with either." *' How did you ever make np your mind to marry Walter ?" Bolly asked in a half drowsy kind of way. " Easily enough ; he was a good fellow, not a bit jealous, had a good, sound, settled income, aud loved me to distrac- tion, as he does now." " Yes," said Dolly, " but you had lots of offers, mother says." " Well, I don't know ; I might have had, but the fact is £ hadn't any more than-you have, Dolly, dear." " But could have, Jenny, could have, only that spoils the fun: Best to lead them on a little and stop short of that, eh P You said so, you know, when I -came out." " And was not the advice good ?" " Tes. I think so." " Well. I declare, Dolly, you are going to sleep." " I am very tired ; only forty winks. Is there time P" " Plenty,-my darling," and as Jenny said so Dolly buried her face in the great .soft sofa cushions, and composed herself to enjoy her siesta. " Don't trouble about thinking of walking, I will call you in due time," sdded Jenny, taking up one of the latest French novels, which she had smuggled into Wid- bury Lodge without Walter's know- ledge,, for Walter had vowed m:ny a time that he would no more think of having an objectionable, fast, immoral book in his house, than he would think of inviting a bad lot to dinuer. But what was the good of being able to read French with facility, coupled with possessing a ? taste for racy fiction, without going to the, fountain hoad for it ? Not that Jenny understood half that was in- sinuated or set forth in the direction Walter denounced, and she hated to have anything like a scene with the dear fellow; so she deceived him a little, J ".not in any serious way, don't you know P" as she explained to Bolly, but j net to protect both "Walter and herself ? from scenes. lu the same way she oc- casionally permitted what Society butter flics termed tributes to her beauty, in the . way of a Utile flirtation, which she did not mention to Walter because she did not ; want him tobo "punching men's he/ids :0r calliug thom out, don't you koowP'' t:<fiho jiadjWith these Uttio shortcomings of Eve all the .other good çuaUUee, aiid the historian is not disposed to quarrel, with her, the move so that she alway« strove to make herself attractive aud interesting in the eyes o£ her husband, for whom she had a real sentiment of love and respect, except - once in a way wheu he had a preaching tit ou, and talked a little louder than necessary about wiiat he would have in his own house and what he would not have. lt was Jenny's drossiug-room, adjoin- ing Walter's chamber, to which the sisters had retired, but Dolly aud Jenny literally lived together when Dolly was on a visit at Westbury Lodge, and the room had been fitted np with this under- standing ; so that there were two almost facsimile toilette tables, flashing with cut glass bottles, radiant with silver-backed brushes, sp trkling with gems/and furnish- ed with the luxurious appointments of a fashionable woman's room. The walls of j tlie apartment were decorated iii what Jenny called complexion colours; the curtains white lace and piuk silk, the mirrors Louis Quinze, the atmosphere pleasantly perfumed, the floor of'sandal- wood, covered with Persian rugs, lt is fitting that we retire while the doyes of this pretty nest plume themselves for their guests, to retnrn presently, after pinning and scheming of maid and mistress, the last touch of * rogue or powder, aud the last critical glance' into the glass. I The result must be pronounced satis- factory. Jenny poses before her mirror in a pale yellow tea gowu of soft silk, trimmed at the throat and wrists with Meckleuburgh lace, a trail of daffodils on tho right shoulder à la Bernhardt, a chain of old Dutch silver round lier neck, and ou her yellow silk shoes buckles to match, ornaments that had once belonged to a rich burgomaster's wife. Her black hair had iu its folds old silver pins, one bf which might have been used to stabb a rival queen in some sensational novel. She was pleased with herself, ss well she might be. Having adjusted the last piu and arranged the last flower, Jenny turn- ed with merry eyes to Dolly, who was a ; perfect picture of health, happiness, and mischief, in the simplest of white crape Empire dresses, a pair of tiny diamond earing», her hair dressed high in hoops a carls, a fauocli of lilies of the valley at her white throat, devoid of oma ment, a [ simple diamond ring on one finger, and a I flash of pride and ambition upon her fair cheeks. Dolly, looked CQusciqns of lier beauty; she already,in imagination had .Philip at her feat, and saw herself sitting . by his side in a Veuetian gondola, listen- ! ing to the love songs and choruses of minstrels, floating with the tide past; Desdemona's window. j "Now. girls, are you ready P" asks Walter, puttiug his head just inside, the doorway. " I see you are. That's, right. Nothing like punctuality; and, by "Jove, how well you look. I don't know which to admire most. But you have both your own individual styles of beauty. Dolly, you look like a picture I once saw io a I book of beauty-one of the mezzotint [school, called the Dove of Amsterdam; just as far, just as soft, just, as full of health and fun. Come along, Jenny ; you need no compliments to maintain your courage. You have not to meet the momentous question of your life to-night; that was settled long ago, any you have never regretted it, have you, oearP" " Never, Walter," she replied, ** and. I ! hope Dolly will be able to say the same with as clear a conscience as I can, ten years, from mow." "Then it is to be settled tonight, Walter, is it P" Dolly asks. " I suppose so my love. Jenny says so, Lady Forsyth says so-I called there oh my way home this afternoon, and. she was full of it--and I conclude that I am ex- pected to say the same." " And do you mean to say that before tho door closes upon our two friends for the night, that I shall be engaged to marrv one of them ?" . " Well, I don't know that I go BO far as that," said Waltor ; " Ï thought it was to he understood that if forsyth accepte i my invitation to accompany us to Jtaly, that would be considered as. tantamount t<» a declaration," '. Yes, that is the nonsense Lady Forsyth would talk," said Jenny, ^ " but that, is not what I moan, and it is not what Dolly moans. Hover Mr. Forsyth is to propose, he will do so this very night; and if he does not, Sam Swynford. shall to-morrow." " Oh, that's the programme, is it ?" said Walter. "That's the programme," Jenny ;re plied, in her pretty but emphatic way ; and so the trio went down into the draw iug-rooin, almost at the same moment" that Mr. Philip Forsyth was announced. {To bo Continued.) WE have received from the composer, Mr. S. Milbourn, junr., of Glonolg, South Australia, a song entitled " Love's Memories." : Both the words and the music of this plaintive little ditty are extremely pretty.« Tho chorus espuoially lu very offeofcive. The sbng is dedioate.d toithoiljarlpf AUntofe^ , ,. ; . 