' MBOHBY'B BHHFFlEIiD HANDICAP. ' (BT OUE BPIOIAI, BUl'OBTEB.) Maronoy's NowcaBtle Shoffield oame off on the looal Orioket Ground on Saturday night last in the presenoe of a goodly number of ?peotatora ; the promotor' moat, however, have been a haavy loser, an on uaoount of the previoaa unpropitious won'lior tha rnnning waa oondeneod into tbe ono night. The sport on the whole was cxaellent, and, onrious to relate, although only n oonple of ponoillers ? ' pnt in an appearance, thoro wan on almost / winnor turned up in tboperoon of a looal pod named W. Molonoy, ft runner from Burwood, who started off tho 18yds mark and finlahod in tbe very oreditsble time 'of 9seo, or 8yda worae tlinn evens, tbo eoriitoh man (M'Gar iigaD.u'i'Uld thuB htvvo bnd to ran 5yds insido to get on even terms with ITnlonny. Theplaoos Were filled by E. Hillirurt lJ,'ydo, B. Graham 17yds, and old Frank Brown IGJyds. Tho Sydney peds who compotod had not a ghost of a obanoo, tho only man who won his first 'heat being S. ? Donovun S.lyda, and ho fia badly beaton by Graham in tho sooond roond. J.J Mooro ran w»'l, tint rotoouVlqiH.« pet np to Frank Bro»n, to «h;m be o mo-jied 8Jy^a in 91iyds, ratlior «t ff oonaidcrlaa that a few year* ago Frank was suppoaid to.b - «a- good aa : Watson, end, lately : ran into a' Car-J rlrRton 'final. Too el'ot io light works' ap'enjlldly, and ii o' deo'd-d improvement on! Carrington, but most o' the runnqra were, »-o»tly impeded by thn -m»U' linis w.iiih' divided tbo tiaoke, atd r i! d abo^t liko' fidgety hoi ota tolling tie Uro, rouriading! ocoof purfuin? a blaik oat into a ooal ho'o, and seme light ebonld co '--! 'y be flxad bo- : jond tho wincicg pest. Sovo/ul prds w'io airived from 8yelney to oomp to returned t-; homo without a ran on acoount of fio post ponemont, whioh, by-'.be byo, waa rabbit ia« ; explicable, aa Thursday night, tbo aivoiiiied ' time for tho fi ct round, wjb not at all a bad I evening fcriunnire ; Friday, however, waa a - thorough toalfr . Tbo (tailing «r*s'eatiu'-te£l: to. Mr. Gam Woleh, ia the absenoo ot Mr. Kcan. in Molbonrne, and it ia n°odlcas to j Bfato tbo thirg was done as it should ba ; the - o'.ber of&oials; alio worked wol.l, and no I hitohee of any conacquesoo occurrod. Thoro ia no reaaon why the Nowcaatlo Hendioapa should not bs apronounoed aucioaa. I think, however, that tbo promotor wouli do well to employ a oompetent and well-known man to conanot the dotaila of tbo businesa. . A secretary's cflioe on the ground would bo a deoided improvement, as the podd wero wan doling about tho ground ou Saturday night looking for eomeono to r9coive money and furniah dretBing-room tiokota, some boing in oonaequesoo lato for their boats. One mm, however willing, cannot attend to evary bing. 