ANGLICAN SYNOD. FIRST DAY'S SITTING. The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England, in the diocese of Adelaide, was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tues day morning. May 21, when the holy com- munion was celebrated. Ibe Dean of Adelaide (Rev. O. Marryat, M.A,), and the Arch deacon of Adelaide (C. M. Morse, M.A.), assisted the bishop as celebrant. The business meeting was opened in the Church Office, Leigh- street, in the afternoon, under the presidency of the Lord Bishop (Dr. Kennion). The following members of Synod were pre sent:—Revs. C. 8. Beaumont, W. G. Black more, Canon Dendy, D.D., T. Field, M.A., J. O. Haynes, M.A., W. S. Hopcroft, V. Kenny, M.A., W. F. Marshall, G. Orchard, B. C. Stephenson, B.A., T. Ward, F. Wil liams, M.A., G. E Young, J. Kirk land, Bichardson Reid, Dean Marryat, M.A., Rev. M. Williams, B A., Arch deacon Fair, LL D., J. W. Owen, B A., M. C. Wood, MA, Canon Poole, M.A, Canon Green, F. D. Maguire, Oanon An drew^ H. M. Follitt, T. Sltckbttrn, B.A, Arehdeaooa Dove, ALA., W. A. Ji*v*a, A. Honner, F. W. SamnreU, W. H. Modie, W. S. Moore, Canon Ftengb, it.A., E. K. Miller, J. W. Gower, 6. 8. Bowyear. Uanoa Goomb?, Canon Whitington, LLB, J. S. Wayland, Canon Howell, Af A., J. H. Corvan, 8.A., B. T. Craig, D.D., T. W, Swan) Archdeacon Morse, M.A., W. J. Bns?ell, S. S. MencrieS, T. Wood. J. Honghton, K. B. Webb, M.A., E. K. Yeat jnan, M.A.. W. A. Campbell, M.A, G. 3. Ives, 8.A.. W. Oooke, G. E. Gibbes, Walter Ward, M.A, W. M. Teape, M.A., J. Lnmeden, M.A., P. R. P. Dodd, M.A., O. W. Hawkins, L.T., C. A. Kent, 8.A., E, T. Mathews, B.A, Messrs. G. Mayo, S. Toms, G. G. Mayo, W. H. Holmee, W. Barlow, LLD,,D. Garliclc, W. G. Randall, J. Barker, J. H. Cunningham, F. J. Bladef, W. Chambers, J. White, A. J. Wright, 8. Dixon, F. E. White, J. H. Grandy, F. H. Stokes, S. Best, J. C. Whartoo, A. A, Hamilton, G. W. Sillifant, F. Doswell, J. O. B. Moncrieff. C. Lyons, T. Hardy, W. Bay, J. L. Simpson, G. A. Connor, F. Halcomb, G. H. T. Connor, £. N. Wigg, C. E. Owen Smyth, H. E, Downer, H. J. 11. Davey, F. Matin, H, M. Hawkes, J. H. Wiles, J. N. Taylor. W. D. Glare, T. S. Porter, A. Spenoe, J. BalmoD, W. S. Douglas, W. B. Sells, C. T. Hargrove, J. G. Holmes, W. Bowering,. G. WigzeU, K. Drnmmond, O, Weld, O. Weld, W. B. Lewis, H. D. Holmes, F. W. Monsell, W. St. Clare White, G. H. Catohlore, T. Edwards, J. BL Thomley, F. A. Grant, W. Pope, T. Williams, H. Hodgson, E. G. Blackmore, R. L. Tapley, E. Lovelock, J. Grundy, A. C. Harley, G. W. Hawkes, H. Mildred. T. James, M.D., J. B. Sbepherdson, F. Allwork, J. W. Oaetine. J. Styles. T. Stalley, A, Bonlt, B. Butler, G. Gill, Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C, J. B? Legoe, C. E. Stokes. F* W, Pennefather, E. Elpbick, E. L. Hamilton, C. &. Young, J, Legoe, J. Norton, H. Church, C. E. E. Sabine. LL.B., T.K. Hamilton, S. B. Wake field, Hon. 8. Tomkdnuon, M.L.C. The Bishop's Address. Bishop Ksmios delivered the following address:— My reverend brethren and brethren of the laity—The first duty I have to discharge in ad dressing you in this, our thirty-fifth session of the Synod of this diooese, is to offisially tender my thanks to the Very Rev. the_ Dean of Ade laide, Vicar-General of the diocese, for the admirable manner in which 1 he administered the diocese during my absence in England. It is not oeeesssary to call attention to the care and pains with which all the difficult work which fell to hu lot l?8t year was accomplished, for this is known to you all; but Ido think we all owe him a debt of gratitude, and, speaking for myself, I think it will be a gain to myself, and I think it may prove a gain to as all, that wita the practical experience which the dean now has of the work of the bishop he will be ready to give of bis sympathy and assistants to the one on whom it has pleased God that th&chief; responsibility of guiding and leading the diocese should sect. Most of my brethren of the clergy, and of the laity also, seem to have endeavored daring my abeente to make it an objeot of their cue that I should find nothing had Buffered through my absence. I moat deeply value and thank God for such loyalty, and I pray God to make me more worthy of it. I desire also most warmly to thank the Bishop ofJ?tverina for the great kindness with which daring my absence be presided at the annual meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission Society, and also can firmed candidates for me at the Cathedral CHANGES IN IHE DIOCESE. There have been many changes in tha diocese since the last Synod was held. We have to record the loss from oar rants of the Rev. £. Jenkins, whom God ha 3 called to Himself after a long life of useful service. We shall often miss his kindly voice and genial ways. He .is succeeded in his wotk at Ken sington by the Rev. W. A. Stran, who was previonsly at Narracoorte. We are all very sorry to lose from oar midst the Rev. A. Sells, whose clear judg ment and refipr-1 mind were a source of strength we can i.i spare, but he has returned to England after long service in the colony, not without borrows, in which he had the sympathy of as all, bat with the happy recol lection that he has been a real helper in the work of the Church in this diocese, and that he has won the esteem of all good men. The Rev. F. Samwell faas succeeded him at Mitcham. The Eev. F. P. T. Borrow, after serving a curacy at Glenelg, has returned to England with restored health. The Revs. M. Whitton and J. T. Richmond have also left the diocese since last Synod, and are now working in other parts of Australia. Their places I hope to fill by the appointment of three men, who are now on theic. way from Eneland, and will Bhortly arrive in the colony. The Rev. R, R. Taylor ba? resigned his work in the diocese. The incumbency of Mount Barker, which he vacated, has been filled by the appointment of the Bey. G. J. S. Bowyear, 8.A.. who has done good work for the Home Mission Society. The incumbency of Kaponda has been fillerl by the appointment of the Rev. Gancu vVhitington, whose zeal in the cause of missions will, I hope, lead to that patten becoming an important centre for Church work. The Rev. P. R. P. Dodd has gone borne on leave of absence, and the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, formerly assistant curate to Archdeacon Mane, has been ap pointed his locum tenons. The Rev. H. Hughes, who was acting as locum tenens at Glenelg during Canon French's absence, has left for his own work in England.. The Rev, H, T. Freeland. who has also gone home, has resigned the position as my chaplain, in which he did co much voluntary and useful work. Among the new clergy whom we welcome to the diooeee are the Rev. O. A. Kent, M.A., who has been appointed to Laura; the Rev. D. M. Teape, 8.A.. who was doing praiseworthy work in the diocese of Durham, and offered himself for a period for work in this diocese; the Rev. J. Lui??don, whom I ordained deacon at an ordination I held on behalf of the bishop of Durham in Lngland. Tbe?e two last-named are working together in the south-east. Tae Rev. F. Marston. M.A., the Rev. D. Bayer, M.A., and the Rev. Wyndham CJampett, B.A.J whom we hope soon to see among us, will all, I think, be a gain to the diocese. It is & severe disappointment that through bn having a serious illness we cannot now count on having among us the Rev. J. Manley, a young man of brilliant promise, who, I hoped, would by this time have come to do the work of theological tutor and to be precentor of the Cathedral. That Dr. Dendy should retire from a position which he has filled for bo' long with each remarkable ability is a matter of deep regret to all who value the beautiful services at the Cathedral; but we are glad to think he will still be able to occasionally preach there. The part he has taken >o helping to msiataLi the services on their present fcsticg will not be forgotten. The late and the present bishop's interest in the Cathedral have been happily linked together by him. Dr. Dendy will shortly become incumbent of St. Oatb bert'e, Prospect. Outside one own diocesan organisation that which mart eteongly nffecta as as> Chorch is the departure from Australia of our valued Pri mate, Bishop Barry. I do not know that I could better express my own feelings in the matter than in the words of the address which was presented to him on his departure by t^e standing comn>ittee of Synod. Bishop Sandford's departure for work ia England is .deeply to be regretted for the sake of the Church in Australia and Tas mania. In his successor it is eaid we have the addition to our Episcopal bench of an able and hardwoiking man. The consecra tion of Archdeacon D&tree; aa Bishop Coad jutor of Brisbane has caused some question ing bmong members of the Ob arch in other dioceses. For my own part when asked for my formal consent, I gave it subject to a memorandum being drawn up by the pri mate and the officiating bishops, to tlie effect that until the General Synod had con sidered and decided on the point, the newly consecrated coadjutor bishop should not be en titled to a a seat in the House of Bishops of the General Synod. On all other grounds Z gave my consent gladly, and I heartily wuh that for the Bake of the work in this diocese funds were at our disposal by which a similar office could be created, and so earnest and pioui a man con secrated to fill it. ARRIVAL OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR. For a brief moment I advert to another address recently presented by the standing committee of Synod, We thought it right to formally welcome as her olajeaty's represen tative, the Earl of Kintore, on his arrival in the colorjy. Our deep sense of loyalty to the throne and person ol our gracious Qoeen sufficiently prompted such a course. But the manly and Christian utterances of hi* Fxceltency the Governor on several occa eicne durinp the short time he Laa been among us have encouraged us to hope that bis influence ia our midst will be of great value in promoting a high tone of character ia oar colony, and the cordial respect with which we welcomed him ha? already been deepened and increased. DIOCESAN STATISTICS. That our statistical returns should show a falling off in some respects ib not altogether to be wondered at when the absence of some of our clergy, the changes in the diocese, and the trying yen through which the colony passed are taken into account. The figures are as follows:—Communicants, 6,188; communions made, 38,975; confirmed, 104; married, 391; baptised, 2,2*3. Sunday schools—Teachers; 926; boys, 4.487 ; girls, 5,327; total scholars, 9.714. This year ought to be one of energy and work. I shall be more than disappointed if we are unable to make such increase as not only to recover any ground we may have lost, bat by God's blessing possibly to advance be yond the position we previously oocunied. THE DONALDSON CASE. By the kindness of the dean I am able to lay before you a report, which with great ability and care be has prepared for me opoa the case which caused so much sorrow to tne dioceee last year, and which will probably prove to us what are the weak and what are the strong points in our Synodal system of judicature. The Bishop then read the dean's report on the trial. Alter indicating the various stages of the trial, and leading up to the pronouncing of the sentence. Dean Marryat continued his re port as follows:— "Copies of the sentence were duly for warded to the respondent, as well as to the wardens of Christ Church, Kapunda, and the trustees. A demand was also served upon the respondent to give up possession. On September 14 I received a letter from the respondent, applying for a new trial. This I was advised that I could not grant, as the application had not been made within one month after the verdict, and no power was given to extend the time. The respondent at the same time gave notice of an appeal to the committee of appeal of the General Synod. Whether the appeal was ever made I am unable to say. I never received any notice from Sydney, or from any one connected with the General Synod. The next step was to give effect to the sentence of deprivation which bad been pronounced. Up to this point I had had for guidance the rules of Synod, but now the proceedings in some degree passed out of my hands. They became somewhat com plicated. First, the injunction before men tioned had been dismissed with costs, which amounted to £62 17s. .8d. It was necessary to press for payment. On this the respondent declared himself insolvent. Costs to the amount of £42 4s. 6d. were finally recovered. Secondly, it was considered advisable that I should demand possession of the parsonage and glebe in conjunction with the trustee or trustees. It was discovered that the pro perty was held, or supposed to be held by Mr. Henry Short, under the will of the late bishop, who had been sole trustee. Mr. H. Short joined with me in making a formal demand for possession of the parsonage, but the respondent declined. Thirdly, another difficulty arose, for the notice given by the respondent of an appeal to the committee of appeal of the General Synod. Unfortunately the primate was absent in England, and in spite of a reso lution to the effect that rules of procedure should be drawn up immediately—passed at the session of the General Synod in 1886— no rales bad been framed. If a notice of appeal had power to stay proceedings that case might be still proceeding. I wrote immediately to the clerical secretary of the General Synod, who replied that be wonld take steps and bring the matter before the proper authorities. Bo far as I know nothing has been heard of the appeal or of the rules of procedure. At length it was arranged that opposition to the granting of a first class certificate in the Insolvent Court should be withdrawn, provided that the respondent would give up possession. He handed the key of the parsonage to Mr. A. Stiircke oa December 14,1888. Thus ended a case whicb, difficult and painful in iteelf, was rendered more difficult and painful by proceedings which came from without, and for which no provision was or could be made by our rale?. In conclusion I would express my deep thanks lor the wise and timely advice and assistance given to me throughout the trial by the Church advocate (Mr. J. E. Dempster), Dr. Barlow, and Mr. A. Stureke, To this summary of the case I would add, as your lord ship has suggested, some points which have been raised by this trial. 1. The proceed ings connected with injunction give rue to a question which may be regarded aa one of principle, viz, the employment of a firm of solicitors to act for the Church advo cate in the Supreme Court, No firm could be better trusted than the one employed as agents for the Church advocate. Still some thought that the matter had thereby in some degree passed out of the hands of the Synod. Personally I feel satisfied with the result, and, so far ajs I know, no one has any cause of complaint. The injunction also iteelf, I think, calls for some remark. It w?b generally etated by those qualified to jndge that it was granted without due consideration, and with undue haete. From the principles laid down by Lord Selborne in writing of the Royal supremacy and the position of the volun tary tribunals of Nonconformists in England, it appears to non-legal minds, at least; as doubtful whether it should have been issued at this stage at all. We have these facts before us:—That on August 1, after the retirement of the re spondent and his solicitor, Mr. Variey entered the court and interrupted the Church advocate, on the ground that be required certain papers to lay before Judge Bundey at 2 o'clock in order to obtain an injunction. No action was taken either on Wednesday, August 1, or on the following days, until August 7, when Judge Boucaut returned from Victoria. The injunction was then granted. After a delay of five weeks the case was brought before the Full Court on September 5\. The solicitors for the respondent did not put in an appearance on that day, as stated by them, through an error as to the date, nor on the 7th, though notice was specially given. It is not for me to state what, if any, conclusion may be drawn from these facts. This injunction, or the delay caosed by it, has a further interest, to me at least, as it threatened to bring our court into collision with the authority of a judge in the Supreme Court. The delay of another vreek would have compelled me under one fundamental provision to have pronounce] sentence, whether the injunction had been dismissed or not. F.F. 33 requires that such. sentence shall be pronounced within six weeks after the receipt by the bishop of the verdict. To have failed to do this would have rendered all our proceedings null and void. It would have been at this point that the choice would have had to be made between Christ and Caesar. 3. I would also direct your lordship's attention to the absence of roles' of procedure for the com mittee of appeal of the. General Synod. Tne committee of appeal was constituted and the xcembers appointed in 1872, with power to make rules for regulating, its proceedings, the time and mode of conducting appeals, the requiring security for costs, and for the due prosecution of appeals. On November 6, 1866, at the last eeesion of the General Synod, a.resolution was passed—'That inasmuch as the absence of any rules of procedure in appeals as prescribed by Determin £ tion IL, session 1872, resolution 6, may before the next session of Synod occasion inconvenience, the committee of appeal be ra- Bpectfully requested to frame such rules with out further delay, and lay them before the Bynod at its next session.' The want of these rules did put the Synod to some inconvenience, and might have put it to far more had not othtr causes enabled us to close the proceed ing* in this trial. I would respectfally suggest that your lordship should take steps to press upon the proper authorities the formation ot these rules, as should other cases of the kind, unfortunately arise the neglect to carry out the reeolntion of the General Synod, especially in a matter of such vital importance as that of appeal, cannot fail to injure its influence. 4. Connected with this, it appears that we on our side should draw up some rules respecting ap peals, co as to secure some proof that the appeal is nciade bona fide, and not as a mere excuse for delay; also so as to provide against ai>y expetiee to whkh the Synod or its tnerubtrs ttoy ba pat thereby 5. Certain alterations should be made in the wtrding of some of our fundamental pro yitions and regulatio??, e.g., in F.P. 27 there is a confusion with regard to the days. It should run thus—The respondent shall be fmtishtd by the Church advocate with the articles of accusation, and shall within 10 days ficm the service of the articles of aocu sation forward to the bishop bis defence or answer thereto in writing in a clear and con cise form. Thereupon the bishop shall fix a day not earlier than 10 days for the re ceipt of such answer, or such extended time aa the bbhop may appoint, and ehall cause the Church advocate to serve the respon dent with a written citation, under tho Epis copal seal of the bishop, to appear before him and fain assessors at a place and hour specified in the citation to answer the charge, provided that Bhould no answer be filed within 10 days, or such extended time as aforesaid, then in either of such eases the bishop shall appoint a day for the said trial, and shall forthwith summon the assessors, and the trial shall proceed as herein provided. F.P. No. 38 also requires some alteration. In the latter portion the words should run thus : —' Notice of such appeal (i.e., on the part of either paity dissatisfied with the verdict, or the sentence of the bishop thereon) must be given to the bishop within ten days from the notification of the verdict of the assessors by the bishop to the acouaed, so far as the verdict is concerned, or within ten d?ya from the time when sentence has teen pronounced by tbe bishop, so far aa the sentence is concerned, or for tfae bishop's refusal to grant a new trial." Ascttwf pmnt that came np in the course of this trial was the use of the term 'ordinary for the time being* in the license. It appears that'ordi nary* ha? a technical meaning. He ia an established judge of ecclesiastical c rates, and not merely one who orders in any particular cafe, be be bishop, dean, or archdeacon. I would suggest that the word should be altered to 'the bishop and his commissary for the time being,' I would also point out what appears to me the need of some legal adviser to whom the accusation may be referred in the fir*t instance. In this case, if I had taken the accusation ia the form in which it aae first made, the whole charge must have broken down. X would point out that at this stage of proceedings tfae Church advooate is not available, nor ia the chancellor, who ia a member of the committee of appeal. This may be met by extending the duties of the Chinch advocate. It has also been suggested 4hat it ib necessary to seeare, if possible, some more direct method of ejectment or of taking possession of temporalities* ia c?se of deprivation, than that supposed to be obtained by the declaration that the incumbent holds possession of the temporalities, &c.; as tenant at will of the ordinary for the time being. X venture to make these suggestions while the snViject is fresh in our minds. Fortunately our experience in these oases is small. It msy be yens before our rules are put to another teat. Possibly other points have struck other members. I have taken up tbo?e only which caused me some difficulty, and fn which, if I had not been well advised, injury might have been done to the cause which we bad in hand." THE LAMEETH CONFERENCE. I shall consider my absence from the diocese during last year to be a distinct gain to the Church in the colony if in the future I am able to impress upon my brother Ghurohnfen any of those deep lessons which the Lambeth Con ference of 1888 has bo firmly impressed upon myself. It would be impossible for me. with a due sense of my duty, to meet you in Synod with out speaking to you upon at any rate some of the subjects which were discussed at Lambeth. It is true that the Conference baa not the powers of a Synod. It is deliberative and of the nature of a council rather than legislative. It has, as our late primate said of the General Synod, "auetoritas rather tiutapotestat." Yes, what it has expressed either by resolution or in the encyclical letter must neoessarily have the gravest weight with members of the Anglican Communion throughout the world. For, in the first place, it was composed of men who represent life and work under widely differing conditions through out the inhabited globe; and opinions expressed by them, 'to the forma tion of which they have contributed, and upon which they are in agreement, most necessarily have a considerable value. And next, and this is more important, those of whom the Conference was composed were every one of them men duly consecrated to the highest and noblest of offioes. They met to gether after earnest prayer had been offered on their behalf throughout the whole Church, and we cannot doubt but that God Himself was raiding them, God Himself among them. Go J the Holy Ghost. And the spirit of brother hood and unity was certainly realised. St. Cyprian's words were evidently true, "Episcopatus unus at cujus a singuli* in tolidum pan fenetur" {De unitate 6). " The episcopate is one; it is a whole in which each bubop who ib a shareholder enjoys full pos eeeeion" (Bishop Wordsworth). The published utterances of the Conference are not a true measure of the full value of tbe Conference. That the buhops should meet face to face, and become acquainted with the manner .in which problems common to them all are' being solved tin various plaoes and under varying conditions; that each should give of what mental and spiritual gifts God has given him for tbe solution of difficult ques tions, and in like manner take from others; that tbe strength of the whole body should be realised by each constituent member, and so each be enabled to share in that strength, and carry somewhat of its life aad power to his own work—all these are causes of gain to the Church from the Lambeth Conference. Bat I confess I would gladly see the Conference grow into a more potential assembly. For my part I would gladly Bee each diocesan bishop at tending it, accompanied by duly accredited priests, and also laymen. So that with the tame safeguards as now exist in our General Synod there may be opportunity of putting forth decrees which would beoome binding only when accepted by the various provinces and dioceses, but which even before their acceptance would not have less weight than bave tbe resolutions of the Conference aB at present constituted. Of tbe resolutions passed ia the last Con ference I propose to bring before you only a very small number. Some other opportunity anay ariee Bcme day of my calling your atten tion to those which time forbid? me to enter upon in this address. But there are some matters treated of by the bishops which we ought to consider as Boon aB possible. At least two of theee I hope may be considered by us in more detail than is advisable in the president's address, and I propose to ask for a committee to consider and report upon then?. There ia an advantage in such a coarse. A Synod such as ours is always beset with tfae danger of'beipg co wrapped up in tbe arrangement of its own regulations (funda mental or otherwise) or in the work of financial organisation of tbe diocese thai its bigh prerogative i; s!m«?* Overlooked. Every subject upon which the Synod deliberates that is concerned with the real Bolid work of the Church in religion or morals increases tbe knowledge of practical Church life, and auickens the interest of members of Synod in Seir work. So that to torn tbe attention of Synod to tbe subjects brought forward at Lam beth should conduce, I think, to the welfare of -tbe diocese. It is noteworthy that tfae first subjects to which in their encylical letter and in their resolutions the bishops call attention are of a coral and practical nature. In the forepart they place the duty of the Church in the promotion of temperance and purity. Ab regards the former of these some exaggerated languaee baa been used about the habits of the people in South Australia. So far as my own powers of comparison go I should say there ia an improvement even in the last few years, and published statistics prove that the people as a whole are worthy rather of praise than of blame. Yet I know there is much —very much—that remains to be done; and I must honestly Bay I do not thick welof the Church of England have ever taken our true part in getting rid of the evil of intemperance. With the broad basis on which the Church of England Temperance Society takes its stand, urging temperance as tfce duty of all, and abstinence in certain cases, we bave an advantage in tile appeal «hich we could make to the public of which, it seems to me, those who condemn the use almost bb xnuoh as the abuse of wine have practically deprived themselves. Yet their zeal puts us to shame. In this we may well copy them. The Lambeth resolutions urge us to further effort, and the report of the com mittee appointed to deal with the subject is forcible and in some ways suggestive. What I propose is that a committee appointed for the purpose should consider this report, and should make its own report to the standing committee of Synod, who thould have power to act as to the beet means of increasing the temperance woik of the Church in this diocese. Toe subject of impurity is one more difficult to deal with. Yet it is a far more serious evil—more insidious, more widespread, and mere sheltered by deceit .and hypocrisy. On this subject the Conference carried a unsnurous resolution. Ido not assert it was tbe only unanimous resolution carried, but it wbb certainly the only ".resolution about which a special request was made that the ncauiroity with which it was carried should be recorded and the resolution was as f jllowb : —'"That this Conference earnestly commends to ail those into whose hands it may come the report on tbe eubj-ct of purity as expressing tbe.mind of tbe Conterense on this great subject." Wbat I think ought to be done by ub is^as in the subject of temperance—to appoint a cuLttittee to examine the report and enquire into the subject, and report to Btanding com n-ittee cpon the best way in which we in this diocese can give effect to the desire of the Con ititnce. At tfae prefect time no subject ot grater ir.ijortance and perhpps interest could be broieht befoie our attention than the ques tion of marriage and divorce. In the older cjuiitrite, where habits of generations past t>&ve; still their effect upon succeeding gene tati< ne, it is cue of gravity. But in new cuuttrii 8, wtere the lines are being laid down wbich are to shape the future growth of the pxi-ie, a question such as this, which, while deeply religious, is not to be regarded only as a quest))-n of religion, but as one affecting the social life and that true centre and kernel of all Bocitty, the family, the subject iB one of transcendent importance. The danger appears to be. left, for the purpose of relieving politicians and othera of embarrawment? which a widespread laxity of view on the holy estate of matrimony baa produced, some step? may be taken which for ever may affect the state of society in these Australian colonies. That there is this laxity of view will not, I think, be gainsaid. The sanctity of marriage baa not been sufficiently insisted upon. Ho doubt we of the Church bave not done our duty sufficiently in in sisting'upon it. And the State has largely sought for and provided facilities for mar riage until it has come about that facilities for divorce are now also Bought. "The conjugal knot can be tied so easily that men call for easy modes of untying it." There are come who think the matter of secondary importance; but bear with me while I bring before you words which no doubt you have all read, which are worth citing, aa coming re eently from the pen of one of E island's greatest sons, and one who oonld never be kh?ught lackai? in true liberal principles, and sentiments. Mr. Gladstone, writing a review in the Nineteenth Century magazine upon an American book recently published, which bears-upon divorce, Bays: —"The true mean ing of a discussion which calls into qaeitinn the ancient and specially Christian constitu tion of the family is that it is a vast upthrow in the world of thought and fact, which if consammated will change in time the whole moral surface of the earth, and shift in a revolutionary sense the polarity of life. Tha chief spur thsown out laterally from the great upthrow is is America, Many a reader on this side of the water will be startled whan he leanw that in the old state of Connecticut one marriage is dissolved in every ten, and in the new state of California one in every seven. He may learn with equal surprise that in South Carolina there is, as I am informed, no legal divorce whatever; I mean, of course, divorce that leads the way to remarriage. Again, it is necessary to bear in mind that the divorcee as well as the mar riages of any one state are acknowledged in the courts of every other. I under-, stand that the experience of Acnerica, sb well as of this country, tends to show that divorce is largely associated with that portion of communities which is lacking in solid and staple conditions of life generally. America may suffer specially from the shifting* of relative position and circumstance, incidental to a forward movement in things material of an unexampled rapidity; and it may also be true that a state like Connecticut has to answer for many offences not her own, though she cannot be exempted from full responsibility for tie laws she has chosen to enact. We must beware of all sweeping and premature conclusions. But it seems indis putable that America is the arena on which many of the problems connected with the marriage state are in course of being rapidly, painfnlly, and perilously tried out. In so far she is entrusted, like a prorogation iribus, with the destinies of others, and may do much by her example to make or mar them. Miss Lee has ventured to combat in the ranks of what must be taken nowadays as the unpopular ride, and has indicated her belief in a certain old-fashioned doctrine that the path of suffer ing may be not the path of duty only, but likewise the path of glory and of triumph for our race," We are brought face to face with this question in the colony owing to the Bill which was last year introduced into our Parlia ment, and which provides for divorce for causes other than adultery. Now I desire to give every weight to the arguments of men who undoubtedly want from their point of view to do the best they can for the good of the community. Bat I am compelled to join issue with them on two points that seem to me to be clear. The first is that where our blessed Lord has plainly and distinctly spoken, we who believe in Him as the Son of God—who reverence Him as our living and reigning' Kinjr, and trust Him as the Son of Man—cannot for one in stant allow that a course against the following of which He asserted Hie authority then can be a right course now, or, indeed, ever after He has spoken. Let it be remembered that both in the Sermon on the Mount and in His answer to the Pharisees opr blessed Lord is controverting, in right of the authority which He claimed, the custom which had obtained from the time of Moses, and the force of Hi? utterance is_ unmistakable. If we refuse to obey His plain direction we involve ourselves in the dilemma of ignoring His authority or of limiting its application to a period short of our own sge. The second point on which I join issue I have already alluded to; it is that to increase the facilities pf divorce and re mar riage is to necessarily affect the popular opinion about the married state. Already the •offering from which the late Bill was devised to procure relief—a relief equally affected by what is known as judicial separation—has been brought about for Che most part through per sons of incompatible temperament having been induced to enter the bonds of wedlock without sufficient reflection on what they were doing, or with a light and jaunty view of its solemn duties; and to render those bonds less legally binding, tc teach that such solemn duties may easily be thrown aside, is only to increase the evil that comes from so inadequate a view of holy matrimony. No; surely our true duty is to raise in the minds of oar people a truer ideal of the married state. In this our statesmen ought to strive to work with us. On the sanctity} the peacefnlnets, the happi ness of the home depends the true happiness of the nation, and if on these homes we would have the blessing of the Almighty we must see to it that that blessing is sought in strict obedience to His laws. The resolution of the Lambeth Conference is most explicit in its dealing with the sub ject :—" 4. (a) That inasmuch as our Lord's words expressly forbid divorce, except in the case of fornication or adultery, the Christian Church cannot recognise divorce in any other than the excepted ease, or give any sanction to the marriage of any person who has been divorced contrary to this law, during the life of the other party, (6) That under no cir cumstances ought the guilty party, io the case of a divorce for fornication or adultery, to be regarded daring the lifetime of the iano cent party as a fit recipient of the blessing of the Church on marriage, (c.) That, recognis ing the fact that there always has been a diffe rence of opinion in the Church on the question whttber our Lord meant to forbid marriage to the innocent patty in a divorce for adultery, the Conference recommends that the clergy should not to isstneted to refuse the saora t&ents; or other privileges of the Church to those who, under rivii onSCtlci^ *? thus married." The report of the committee leaves it to the judgment of the bishop of the diocese whether the clergy would be justified in refraining from pronouncing the bless ic? of the Church on the marriage of the innocent party in a divorce for adultery. Bearing in mind that in the resolution just recited the sacraments and other privileges of the Church are not to be refused to euch as are married under civil sanction, I cannot think that there would be hardship in the clergy refraining from csle brathig any remarriage of a divorced person, whether innocent or not It is not as if in this country there were difficulty in obtaining civil eanction or a secular ceremony where the religious ceremonies of the Church ate not to be had ; moreover, each a course saves the clergy from having to exercise their judgment in any doubtful case in which there may be difference of opinion as to whether the person to be married comes within the definition of the "innocent party" or not. In this view, my reverend brethren, I trust you will en deavor to rapport me, HOME REUNION. As to the question of what is commonly called " Home Reunion," I think it beet to contest myself with almost a bare reiteration of the resolutions passed upon the subject. I thick the time will come when they will prove to be of the greatest value. But so far ?b we in thi? diocese are concerned, I do not etc that there is much ground for hoping any immediata action can be taken upon them. Within our own communion here we have so much yet to do in the way of put* tirg our own house in order—and at borne events, later even than the session of the Lam beth Conference, have been bo disturbing an element— that it is clear that for any movement towards reunion we shall have to wait awhile. Meanwhile our course is plain, viz., to hold finely to those principles which we hold as Churchmen, which are based upon the belief that God in Bis love has brought us into an organised spiritual kingdom, bat to en deavor to live in brotherly love with all who love the name of the Lord Jesuit and ta pray Gcd that in Bis own good time He will tpeedily open the way for that true union in the One Body, as well aa in the One Spirit of which His apcstle taught, and for which out Lord Himself so earnestly prayed. The Lam beth resolutions are aB follows:—11. That in the opinion of this Conference the following articles supply a basis on which approach may be, by God's blessing, made towards home reunion:—(a). The Holy Scripture* of the Old and New Testament?; as '-'containing all things necessary to salvation," and as being the rule and ultimate standard of faith, (b). The Apostles' Creed, aB the baotistcal eymbol; and the Nicene Creed, aB the sufficient state meet of the Christian faith, (c), The two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself— baptism and the Supper of the Lord—minis tered with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution aid ot the elements ordained by bim. (D). The historic Epucopate, locally adapted in the methods of its ad n lustration to the varying needs of the nations and peoples called of God into the unity of Bis Church. 18. That ttis Conference earnestly requests the con stituted authorities of the various branches of cur communion, acting flo far as may be in concert with one another, to make it known that they bold themselves in readiness to enter into brotherly conference (ench as that which nag already been proposed by the Church in the United States of America) with the repre- Fpntatives of other Christian communions in the English speaking races, in order to con eider what steps can be takeD, either towards corporate reunion, or towards such relations as may prepare the way for fuller organic unity hereafter. Perhaps one of the most important eubjecte brought before the Conference, and in their encyclical letter brought by the bishopi before the whole Church, is that of the definite teaching of the faith which underlies all that has been said before la this respect out difficulties io the colonies are not light For at home it is far more common to find among those who dissent from the Church of England a full knowledge of why they belong to their particular denomination than is the case with membere of the Churoh; and the reason is not far to seek. Under the shelter and help of the Ghurch of the nation these la?t have lived for generations their quiet life, in which the chief lessons they have learned have been such aB would inculcate duty. Noncon formists, on the other hand, have ftlt ttie necessity of endeavoring to justify their position. Their children have been (audit yoth.?jearnestness which has not been without its effect wfay they were to bold this, ondwhv they wore not to hold that, and their principles have been madethe propagandaof a cause which, if it was to exist, most be strenuously poshed forward. Thus animated they have carried forward this work in the colonies. Churchmen on the other hand, have only here and there awakened to the sense of the different con ditioas under which they live away from England. They have feared—perhaps it is the result of our English training—we have many of us feared, that we should be thought to be acting uncharitably if we asserted oar principles as clearly and as earnestly as do those who 6i?et horn as. But perhaps every where, certainly where the conditions are ench as those under which we live in the colonie'p, we shall have to be more definite in our teaching than we cave been hitherto. This doty, cay the bishop*, lies on parents as a divine charge. " Godfathers and godmothers tnotdd be urged to fulfil the doty which they have undertaken for the children whose epon- Bo™ «?e y have been, and to ses that they are not left ani&Etructed; or inadequately prepared for confirmation. The use of oaWic cate chising and regular preparation of candidates for confirmation is capable of much develop ment. Tne work done in Sunday-schools re quires, as we believe, more constant super vision and more sustained interest than, in a great many cases, it receives from theclenrr The instruction of Sonday-schooi teachers ought to be regarded as an indispensible Dart of the pastoral work of a parish priest." I a ja naturally led from this topic to speak of onroirn Sunday-schools and education work generally As regards the former, while I regret there has been apparently a falling-off in the numbers both of teachers and scholars during the last year, I rejoice in hearing that the number of teachers who have passed the examination held in our Church Sunday-school Union, and have obtained the bishop's certificate is so large. I know of no evidence which could show so clearly that the teachers are in earnest, or any way by which they might better qualify themselves for their work, than in careful pro panrtion for this examination. No more use ful scheme nas been initiated in Sunday-school work than this one, and on behalf of the diocese I desire to tender my thanks to the Bey. T. Field for the pains he hw taken >n promoting it EDUCATION. On the general question of education we are making steady, if alow advance. Oar Diocesan Board has been but a short time at work, and its labors have not been brought prominently before Churchmen, It has been thought good to make but a small beginning and steadily try to increase cur work than to go off with a flourish and possibly end with a fiasco. It is only by the establishment of our own schools that we can obtain religious education as dis tinguished from religions instruction, and £ hope all Churchmen will do their duty in sup porting the board we have formed. BtiU it will be a long time before we are able in this way to do more than touch the fringe of the work that onght to be done, even among one own people, and Z am convinced that a very large proportion of the people of this country «c dicsatufied with a tcheme which is to aU intents and purposes purely secular. You know I fchould gladly see a Bill brought in by the Go vernment which provided for the election by the people of the boards of advice, oratanyratesome members of the boards, and which threw upon each board the responsibility of saying whether or not there should be religious instruction given under certain defined conditions in their schools. A scheme for this purpose drawn out in detail was accepted by the Synod, and was presented in the form of a petition to the House of Assembly. But if this cannot be acted upon, turely the plan adopted in New South Wales might at least be tried in this colony. To work it would be more difficult for us who desire to avail ourselves of its op portunities for giving religious teaching, L daresay, than it is in some parts of NewiSoutb Wales; but I thibk we shall be found willing to f aoe the difficulties and make the best of the scheme. A former Government at one time not long ago contemplated on Act making somewhat similar provisions, and I believe it would have met with support in the country had it been brought forward. GENERAL. You will remember that in the year before I went home I brought forward in Synod a scheme for dividing the diocete into a series of rural deaneries. It was thought best that such a plan should not be proceeded with on the eve ot my absence. The more I have thought over the matter while away the more I have con vinced myself of the advisability of the forma tion of these deaneries. Very likely tbe groups I proposed might be better arranged, and I shall be glad indeed to accept any sug gestions which yon may make to me before f bring a resolution upon the subject before Synod. But it seems to me so clearly for the benefit of the diocese that some each plan should be bropght into operation, thit I sincerely hope it may not be delayed another ee?sion. If I do not refer to the Church of England Endowment Society in more than a few words it is not that my interest in reiu vigorating the society is less than your own, but it is because the report of standing com mittee will sufficiently bring it before your notice. I think all Churchmen owe a debt of gratitude to the Bey. £. X Miller for the vigor and persistency with which he has called the attention of the Synod to the capabilities which this society has, if popularised, for meet ing some of our present wants. It is lamentable to hear it stated (hat our older cares an in greater need of rapport than our newer ones. I am told that in many oases effort would be t&ade; t? increase the endowment of these if this were made po?SSift We may, therefore, look forward to new hopefulness being imparted by the new departure which we trust the society will be shortly enabled to make. There is another matter to which I must direct your attention, and on which I invite your help. We have had a sad warning in Australia of the difficulty in which a diocese may be plaoed ebould the bishop become un fortunately mentally afflicted, and be unabte fox any length of time to resign his see. It is only right that every diocese should make some provision against the contingency of so cad an experience; and I think it is better that I should suggest the possible danger to yen lest you should feel any delicacy in moving in ench a matter. I shall ask daring the session for a committee to consider in what manner we may best provide against such a contingency as that I have indicated, and as it is stated that in New Zealand, aB well aB in the Dicceee of Melbourne, similar precautions are being taken, we shall probably act wisely in ascertaining,.and perhaps following, the course which has been followed in their Synods, A scheme for a finance board, differing in at least one important particular from the one presented to you at the last session over which I presided, will be biooght before you, which will, I tnut. meet with your approval. You will notice that large powers are given to the members of it in the way of reviewing the woiktione at the Church Office ani of recom mending improvements. If this duty is extended bo m to allow of all our Ohuroh f nnds of every kind being examined into with a view of teeing whether they are being utilised for the greatest advantage of the Ofcurcb, I think some benefit would result. Of course most of the fanda are closely tie' up by tracts, but not all of them; and a repoit dealing with them, and, indeed, ex plaining them, would be a distinct gain to us even if we had to wait some time for it I am not cure until it comes on for discussion whether the proposed scheme will allow of all thi? being done, but if not the necessary authority can be easily provided. I do not think Churchmen have any reason to be downhearted about the state of the Church generally. At home—even during the few years since I left England in 1832—it seemed to me on returning last year that the growth of the Church was remarkable. Thi? is especially the case in the large cities or towns. One instance alone will prove it. The Times, in reviewing the " Church Year beck" two months ago (and once more I should Ike to press upon by brother Conrch meD that they ought to purchase and study tb&t; useful publication), called attention to what it spoke of as a real token of vigor, " that tte growth in the number of young people annually, confirmed largely outstrips that of the population. In 1875 the number coctiMLcd in England and Wales was undsr 1S8.C00; while for 18SS the corresponding total was over 217.CO0—an increase in 13 years of ntarly 58 per cent., which is almost four times as great as the growth of the population." Of cotuse by those who want to find fault much will be n ade if the extraordinary spectaole of a bi?bop who iB a mnch-ioved leader of one school of thought in the Church being prose cuted and brought to trial by the repre sentative of another school of thought. I deplore the condition of things which such wide differences of opinion have brought about. Yet it must be remembered that the very differences of opinion are the proof and perhaps the result of vigorous life, and perhaps anything is better than stag nation. The archbishop has been blamed by Borne for allowing such a trial, so far as he is concerned, to take place at aIL There are tho?e who cay be should have refused to hear the case, and have allowed any results to follow rather than allow so holy-minded ani gentle a man and so excellent a bishop to bs auaigned before him. But two things ought to be borne in mind about the matter. The first, that whatever may be the technical uatuieof the court in which the archbishop is sitting, it is at least a purely ecclesiastical coutt, and for the first time since tile modern ritual difficulties arose it is now possible for them to be thoroughly sifted in a court'of which «o parties can say that it is contrary to their principles [to plead fully their own caee in it. The other thing to be surely borne in mind is that it is better to know truth at whatever cost it may be to one's own iikiog? and opinions.' If it is uncertain what the Cbtuch cf England really meant by any of tar rubrics, where these affect the doctrine and wcUbeing ot the Church, then by «U gceaaw let na find out if possible wiutia meant, tt should certainly lessen the bitter ness of partita to find oat how much can be •aid on either aide of the question, and every Churchman ought to be prepared to loyally accept the judgment which may bs pro- Bounced by the archbishop, with the advice of his nifwirm. whether tt be aocordiog to hu expectations or the contrary. Tola I certainly hope will be the ease with win thia diocese, my brethren. I hope we shall learn to look at the work of the Church as far too aEriooi and important a matter to allow of our wasting time or strength "J picking hole* in one another's conception of what is the beet mode of giving ritual ex pretaion to ths troth. The whole object of Christianity, the whole meaning of the Church, ib that men may be fashioned in the cha carter and likeness of die great head of the Ctraich, our I<ord Jems Christ. To this ecd we most devote all our energies, to this bigh purpose onr strength most be given without ttmt. For this an showered upon us the giftt and the grace which oar graciou? Father bestows npon as in Hia Ohuroh. Let vi look at oar birthright and gather inspiration from it; let us take measure of our duties, and gird ourselves moire unselfishly to perform them; let na be prepared to make bolder sacriuabs for the sake of the Church— which means for others, and for onr blessed Lord—and in hopefulness and a good courage live ont the lesson which the age, as well aa the ages, is teaching as—that in loyalty to Christ, in faithfulness to oar English branch of the Catholic Church—we can beot advance the welfare of our country and benefit our fellow-men. ( Applause.) On the motion of Mr. Ck W. Hawses, seconded by the Rev. Canon Coombbs, b vote of thanks was passed to the bishop for hia addren. Obcsch of England Endowment Society. The standing committee reported tm follows: —" Your cub committee have examined the books and records of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society from the foundation of the society in 1880 to December SI, 1887, and have to report that the society's accounts nave always been kept in a complete and bounces like manner. The original capital was raised from the following sources: — Annnal •übseriptions for seven yean, £822 19s. 6&; donation from S.P.G. and others, £1,998 7a. 6d; subscriptions for seven yean to guaranteed interest fund, £6,337 lla. 6d; total coUected to 1867, when all subscriptions ceased, £8,958 18s. 6d.; working expenses for the whole period from 1860 to end of ISS7 (say 27 yean) aggregated £3,644 10a. 4d. The society has from time to time assisted Church work by the following grants:—Payments to Synod towards endow ment of churches and bonding of parsonages, £8,884 12s ; to theological tutorship fund, £436; to Lord Bishop for missionary chap lains' stipende, passage money for new clergymen, &&, £6.307 2s. = £L 5.01& 14s. Dealing with the present financial position of the society we find:—Thirteen outstanding mortgages with an aggregate of £5,330; deposit tecupt, £760=£6,C80. Freeholds number 11, and an taken in the books as representing value of £6 666 13s. Id. The society's net income for 1887 was £350 15s. lid., and its average net übdobm for five yean (1882 to 1887 inchnive) was £579 9*. Bd. To place the society on a Bound financial footing, baying regard to the present values of the several properties, we think it would be necessary to write down the capital as represented by mort gages aad freeholds to £41,000. Funds, The standing committee reported income received by the clergy annuity fund amounted to £485 ss. 4d. and the expenditure was £G5 Cs. 9d. The receipts during the year for the clergy widow awl orphan fund had amounted to ££96 Bs, aad the expenditure to £47010 a. 3d. The savins; of the income had been £425155. lOd., which had been capttaUsed. The Hon. Henry Scott wrote suggesting that clergymen in delicate health misbt be al lowed to join in the benefits of the clergy an nuity fund, by paying half the extra premium which would be charged by an insurance com pany. Received. It was agreed that a meetingof Synod should be held on June 6. to adopt the alterations in the regulations of the clergy annuity fund. EHrjOYvmNT of Chubohcs. The Eev. E. K. Millie—"That, in the opinion of thia Synod* it ia advisable to en courage the more general endowment of churches in poor districts by reducing the amount to be required from a congregation in order to obtain an endowment of £100, ftps *4C to £20." Mr. Bovtebikg seconded tha motion, wl_ja was carried. Hoob of Solemnising MAUhiagbs. The Eev. Canon Fb=Suh asked the lord bitbop a) whether the limitations on the tune a&d; place for tgoookmniaation of marriage by doggy of tfee Ohuroh of England in the diocese of Adelaide set forth by the late bishop with the ascent of Synod, aad subse quently endorsed by the present bishop, an Mill binding on the clergy t (8). Aad it so. whether this regulation is """"■"■■■-atoil to all clergy upon their being licensed in the diocese! The Bishop replied—L Yes. 8. Yes. Erucrocs Ikothuotion dj Statb Schools. The Bey. Canon Fbxkch presented to Synod a memorandum from the Diocesan Board of TMntmtiftn relating to the Education Act, and ■raved the adoption of—L A petition from Synod to the Parliament asking for permitdoa to the ministers of religions denominations to give religious instruction at least twice in the week in State schools daring school hours; and 2. A petition in favot of petition No. 1 to be circulated in the diocese, Mr. J. H. Thoknut seconded. Atcadeaaosi tow sapported the motion, «*• tnoagk be would much rather see Church nofiooui witiHisTifd. StiU this proposal was better than the present heathen system ot State school teaching. Archdeacon Fab* opposed the motion as unnecessary and not finely to lead to any snceoful result. The proposed experiment Had not answered weD in Vision. Canon Awdexwb opposed the motioa as tending to disooorage the -maM?hmnnt ot day schools. The Bishop agreed that they ahrjoH BStabtohthek Church Bchoola wherever possible in perfect indepwnrienee of tas SUte, which independence would not be secured under a denominational system, but in fchs meantime he though? they should do What they ccukl for their children and for all ehfldran ia the State schools. Personaay he favored the eyatem of elective boards of advice, with schools tuppotted by the rates, but as the pro posal made two or three years ago in that direc tion had led to nothing he favored the present notion. The Primate of Australia had in ioimed him that the proposed system worked well in New South Walee. He did not see any nse in mere Bible reading without note or comment. Carried. EUELTIOBTSi The foHowing elections were completed during the erasing :— StacJihg Committee.— Revs. T. Field, Canon Green, B, Kenny, H. M. Pollitt, F, Vf. SamwalL W. A. Swan, Canon Whiting ton, Mr. J. Barker, Dr. Badow, Messrs. E. G. Bbckmore, A. Boult,C. E.T. Connor. G. A, Connor, W. S. Douglas, H. E. Downer, D. Gar lick, F. A. Grant, J. H, Grondy, F. fialcomb, G. W, Hawkes. C. Lyons. J. 0. B. Moncrieff, V. W. Fennefather, W. Pope, W. G. KandaU, C. E. E. Safaioe. A.Bpenee, J. H.Thornley.S. Toms, Ban J. Warren. Committee of AppeaL—Bev. Canon Green, Messrs, E. G. Bbckmore and G. A. Connor. ABsescon.—Bev. Canon Andrews, Arch deacon Fate. Revs. Canon French. Canon HoweD, H. M. Pollitt, Casop Whifcinjrton, Hessrs. H. E. Downer, G. W; Hawkes, W. EL Holmes, C. Lyons, J.G.B. MoocrieS, F. W, Fennefather. W. G. Randall, R. L. Tapley. and S. B. Wakefield. —*-*• Bepresentatives to General Synod,— Archdeacon Farr, Eev. Canon Green, Very Fey, the Dean, Beys. Canon Pooie, H. M. Pollitt. Caoan Whitingten. Messrs. W. S. Douglas, F. Bateomb. G. W. Hawkes, J. G. B. Monakff, F. W. Penneiather, and O. £f Young. The Bynod at 10.80 p.m. adjourned tSA 6 p.m. next day- 