VASSE. From our own Correspondent. The Catholics of Busselton have been consoled and complimented by the visit of His Lordship the Bishop. He arrived here per s.s. South Australian at 11 p.m. on Sunday 29th Sep. Every evening during the week, besides the recital of the Rosary at 7 o clock, His Lordship preached, and our little Church was filled with eager listeners. The members of the Sacred Heart Association received Holy Communion to-day, it being the first Sunday of the month. Fully 50 persons approached the altar to receive Holy Communion from the hands of the Bishop, who celebrated the 7 o'clock mass. At 9 a.m, the Ven. Archdeacon Lecaille said mass, after which His Lordship read an Encyclical Letter from the Holy Father, the Archdeacon taking his seat in the Sanctuary. Two subjects which stirred the people of the district, and which attracted notice outside it, were dealt with by His Lordship, viz : the disputed removal of two bodies of Protes tants interred in the Catholic Cemetery, and the alleged excommunication by the Archdeacon, of persons who signed a peti tion to His Excellency the Governor. This latter subject appeared in the Southern Times. Dealing with this, His Lordship said he had fully inquired into it, and the fact that Archdeacon Lecaille had just then celebrated mass, was sufficient evidence that he had not culpably usurped an authority he did not possess. Had the Archdeacon done, what the paper in question stated he did, His Lordship said he would have suspended him forthwith, but he was not guilty of the charge, as the congregation were already aware. Beyond this, the matter remained to be settled with the outside world, as he would not allow any priest under his jurisdiction, to ignore a report injurious to his reputation. His Lordship dwelt at some length on the Church's legislation, with regard to Catholic cemeteries. The bodies of the faithful departed, he said, are laid aside, much after the manner of sacred vessels. While living, they were temples of the Holy Ghost, according to St. Paul, and after death, the church pays them high honour, when she has assurance of the high sanctity of the departed souls. Thus, in the case of many of her canonised saints, she places their bodies beneath her altars, and not unfre quently enshrines them, as precious jewels in monuments of costliest workmanship and material. She orders a bishop to bear about him, in his pectoral cross portions of the relics of saints, to stimulate him to imitate their holy lives. As to the ordinary faithful, who die in the com munion of the Church, she requires the bodies of the deceased to be laid reverently in consecrated ground, and over such, only does she permit the prayers of her ritual to be recited. Those who, while living, rejected the Church's ministrations, can neither have a right to them, nor can they profit by them after death. In no instance then, is there a Christian burial in the sense of the Church's ritual, to be given to one, who does not die in the communion of the Catholic Church. But where those, who professed Christian Faith outside her pale, indeed but in good faith, happen to be interred, with or without permission in any of the Church's consecrated cemeteries, she does not require their removal : therefrom, when they have been for some time buried. His Lordship said, in conclu sion, that this mild canon of the Church would be observed at the Vasse, and that he so ordered this, with a view to the peace and harmony of the people of the district. The bishop at the end, announced that he would preach in the evening, and I hear he is to go by mail cart tomorrow, to Bunbury. The weather during the week has been boisterous, with frequent and heavy showers of rain or hail, and cold winds. Busselton Oct. 6. 