sp Bijr in south, austral! a & BY 4,VIOHABT." Since Valna in 1884 astonished even some- of those connected with his own stable by cantering home in front 'of Conjecture in the Adelaide Cup racing in South Australia drooped and declined to such an extent that twelve months back, its resuscitation would have been considered hopeless. However, a combination of circum stances—of which, perhaps, Broken Hill was not the least powerful— contri buted to render the revival of raring a possibility, and, taken m hand by the right people, programmes were framed both by the S. A.J.C. and A.R.C. executives, liberal prizes offered, and every inducement held out to owners, trainers, and 44 tho backbone of racing," the public, to make the May meetings once again the institution toey were in I the M days, when, the owners of Com motions and Euclids and were tempted to brave the passage, »"d give their entries their last chance of winning a big racd ere tho season dosed. It was -to ascertain how thenroraoters succeeded, how ThMoompuVjfydase sea son had affected ue South Australian 'horses, and report oh the prospects of the Turf and sport generally, that I was de spatched to Adelaide. If roy notes are not altogether as rosily tinted as diplo macy might dictate, they are none the lesB faithful. Put pithily, the racing at the recent meeting of the S.A.J.C. was wretchedly bad. ThJ racing men were all right, good-natured, hospitable and withal good sportsmen ; but the horses have either deteriorated, or their trainers forgotten their trade. 1 had expected that in view of the fact that Recall, Chetwynd, Sluggard, The Lawyer and Dick Swiveller — each fairly good hones — were engaged, a large batch of Victorian visitors would cross the desert. Much to my astonishment tlicre were not a dozen representative racing tnen from this colouy sufficiently interested to undertake the trip. Two owners, the Tattersall of Australia, a couple of trainers, four jockeys, one bookmaker, and two pressmen were the only Victorian racegoers present during the meeting. When the train left Spencer street a goodly sprinkling of racing men was aboard; but the majority left us at Ararat en route for the C&sterton; course, where a meeting was to be held the following day; and having some busi ness to transact in connection with the local lunatic asylum, 1 arranged to break my journey at Ararat ana speua tue iai- lowing day there. In no part of Victoria is sport in such a flourishing condition as in the Western District, of which Ararat is tho head centre. All the inhabitants, from the hotelkeepers — who, by- the-way, .constitute a very considerable portion of tho population of Ararat — to the undertakers — who number but two — are ardent sportsmen. There are vcty few of them who can't ride a horse over hurdles, plfty a gamo of billiards, or make a dead bird of a bronzewing at thirty yards. Small wonder. They live in ono of tho healthiest towns in tho world, the country around teems with game, both feathered and furred, horses are cheap, powder and shot almost as plenti ful as parrots, and Alcock's best tables in at least half-a-dozen of the hotels in the town. i was fortunate enough to pufcj up at Quiney's, and still more lucky in being allotted the bedroom occupied by the judge when he pays his Aiodieal visits to Ararat to preside at w. , -v i> » J . J w yuincj wtu j uujiyit »uu 1 dhnanddoir, with occasiouri, vAriations, prittc%>aUv about poHcsiri|bu|6 Spurs. Perhaps the most inteiptaBg of 5lr Quiney's royiiniscenccs are Jlose re" la ting to ' toe ' old ' IdeirtwC5 of the Turf. Poor Dicker HaraUt 'nearly forty years back, JSacT to ride through the main street of Ararat in that natty bottle-green coat which all sportsmen who knew poor Dicker in the fifties remember so well — N. U. D. Bond, Tom Rcnnison and a host of other gentlemen who now, like mine hoBt him self, arc greybeards, were all friendB of Mr Quincy, and many and raccy are the anecdotes he relates to me during the four- atid-twenty hours I remain at Ararat. Hitherto my shooting excursions in Aus tralia hare been confined to Tasmania and the Frankston and Hastings districts. In future, when I can afford the time, Ararat shall be the scene of roy exploits. Kangaroo, deer, hare, plover, duck, bronzewinged pigeons, ana parrots, are all to be found within a very few miles of the town. My knowledge of ornithology and scriptural history ib scarcely as profound as it should bo, con sequently I am not quite clear as to whether this particular Mount Ararat is the precise spot where Noah's Ark bottomed, nor am 1 altogether cer tain that the bronzewing 1 shot was the pigeon which bore the olive branch back to Noah a few thousand years ago. Judged by its toughness, it was. Wed nesday afternoon is a li&lf- holiday; in Ararat, and being a fine afternoon, young Ararat sallied forth in force to 41 'kill something." I saw & boy of about 12, armed with a very ancient muzzle- loader, bring dowu a pair of parrots at something like 30 yards ; and as liis bag also contained a brace of pigeons and a couple of dozen parrots, both the weapon and its wielder must have been consider ably better tli&n; their ages would lead one to believe. . I have referred to the Ararat Asylum. In order to provide matter for a work 1 am publishing, 1 have been visiting tho principal lunatic asylums of Tasmania and Victoria. In the Ararat institutions five or six hundred unfortunates are confined. I was anxious to look over the establish- j ment, and, thanks to Hie courtesy of Mr Thompson, tho Mayor of Ararat, I was enabled to do so. A visit.to a lunatic asylum cannot by any means he con strued as a sporting excursion, and, beyond alluding to one little incident ; which was brought under my observation, I shall not refer horc to that most deplorable of all afflictions— brain disease. A young fellow, confined in one of the Ararat asyhimB — there are two, ono for criminals in the gaol ward, and another also partially for criminals in the Asylum proper— is the champion lunatic at picking winners of big races. For example, for the last few years, 1 am told that he has for mopths before the race named the winner of .the Melbourne; Cup. lASt year ho informed one of his I officials — I am not sure whether it was the governor or chief warder — that Mentor would win tho Melbourne Cup. The official determined to take a I holiday, see the Cup run, and hack ' Mentor. He did so, and now he lias im plicit faith in the prognostication of the patient. For obvious rcasor.b I am net prepared to givo the patient's name. The proud prerogative of the Press prophet must not be usurped even by a lunatic. On my return from the asylum our conversation hinged on Sir Henry Lochs remark ns to the scarcity of really first- class carriage horses iu Australia. The pair I sat behind, and which were driven by Mr Quiney, junr.,were, I ascertained, worth about a hundred and fifty iu Ararat. In Melbourne they would be considered cheap at almost double that sum. Horse flesh generally is . wonderfully cheap in Ararat. By ths night express which loaves Ararat for Adelaide, I resumed my journey, and reached the city, to which tlic adjective farinaceous is generally prefixed, in ample time to get on to Sluggard and the race courses before the saddling bell rang for tho first race. The Racing was, I regret to say, very, very second rate. Sluggard, under the enormous weight of 13st 121b, left the mode- ! rate field opposed to him in the Hurdle Race behind him as if they were haeks. Bolger was brought over from- Melbourne specially to ride Rich mond, who might have troubled Sluggard if he had stood up; out after clearing the hurdle opposite the Stand, he fell on the flat, rolling over Bolger, who miraculously escaped uuhurt. Then a field of five wretched platers started for the Selling Race, end, after a flogging finish, Mr Pile's Wattle, a rank outsider, got home. Spjrogffldani JlW. -.ffi at auction . lyhioh ahmWi'.ocG than repiM«fij fact, i hh j Ever TiinMWlf IH Wfr rlWOTr""" ' The hot .£rst da i de Cup. StonleyjffMBMliplfawdkt bf the RtanloaBp|pa|aj»,S back, carried Aldivalloch, trained by Pst 71b, a biggish weight for.a tpodterare three-year- old. Harbinger looked 'perhaps the best of the others, barring The Lawyer, who towered head and shoulders above every thing, in point of condition, substauce and gloss. His polish, m fact, reflected the greatest credit on those who looked after him, of whom, I believe, Dick Griffiths, o! Dunlop fame, was one. Mr Cruzier mode no pecret of the fact that unless his clc dropped down dead from heart disease or some other unforseen calamity occurred lie could not possibly lose the Cup. The result of tho race proved thai the Squire of St. Albans was not unduly sanguine. Harbinger was indulged with the lead for about a mile and a quarter, the others following in Indian tile, with Speculation a few hun- dredyards buhindthe leaders. When Tum- )hi asked tho Lawyer to increase his spaco he cantered pasl Harbinger, and lobbed liomeono of the easiest winners overseen on a racecourse. Whether Sava- naka's son is an exceptionally good cult, or the field behind htm an unusually bud lot, deponent is disinclined to cay .until after thcQueen's Birthday Cup is decided. His victory, however, if it proves nothing else, tends to confirm my contention that a thrcc-ycar-old in the Autuura is at his best. Adventurous, certainly a long way the best ot the two-year-olds I saw over there, made a lioly show of the other youugsters opposed ' to her in the Nursery Race. Then an outsider. Crusader, beat a bad lot ill the Selling Steeplechase : and Dick Swiveller, who started a hot first favorite for the Fisher Stakes, was badly beaten, the winner being a very speedy mare colled Britannia by The Englishman. On Saturday old Don Quixote, who ought long since to have been pensioned off, was made an odds on chance for the Selliug Hurdle Race, but lie never had a ghost of a chance with Bosh, who belongs to the Stanley division. Britannia fol lowed up her Fisher Stakes victory by beating Richmond and a field of seven iu the Totalisator Handicap ; and Mahdi, a very fair 'chaser, beat Bordeaux after a great finish, and won the Steeplechase. Thirteen stone ten pounds was tho little weight allotted Dick Swiveller in the race for the Ladies' Bracelet, which the son of Swiveller won in a walk. Then backers laid six to four on Recall for the S.A.J.C. Handicap, but the weiirht (lOst 4lb.) told on him at the turu, and lie failed even to struggle iuto a place. This wound op a very bad day for backers. The Local Horses, As I have said before, are a very inferior' lot of cattle, Chetwynd (who is now locally trained). Adventurous and Britannia axe the boat. . We have seen what Chet wynd could do in Victoria. We have yctjv' lrarn what Adventurous and Britanniftcan accomplish in first-class compoay, thjiflf either would pay their'/way tn? this colony. Sluggard, hurdle racehorses m aifly well juat whether 15st would have stopped lihu on Thursday. As it was he carried 13s 121b and played with the moderate field opposed to him in tho Hurdle Race. Mahdi is, I should say, a stone better than any of the steeplechasers, hairing Bordeaux, but even in this branch of racinu the horses are a lonjz wav removed from first-class. The Ring. Well, the ring deserves a chapter to it self. The Adelaide ring is a most eccentric institution, more particularly the amateur section' of the circle. All told, there were two bookmakers betting in the "ring" inside, and something like a score outside. The paddock betting — as a result, probably, of the totalisator, was extremely limited, and the two fielders msiue more than supplied the demands of the punters. The outside men apparently commanded a very fair trade, but the metallic monopolists inside were, for three-fourths of the afternoon, stand ing idle, although they really offered very fair prices about anything barring the favorites. In order to comply with the local law the ring men stood in a roped enclosure, access to which was only permitted to members of the Adelaide Taltersall fi, and perched up on a pin nacle composed mainly of gin cases, with a single rope around their coign of vantage, the pair of pcncilJcr6 looked, the reverse of happy, and their disconsolation was not miimuiecd by the loudly expressed merriment of a few of the Melbourne visitors, to whom the spectacle was unusual. »Still, he laughs loudest who laughs last, and as the solitary couple of fielders are reported to have had a good win on Saturday, and lost, very little on Thurs day, they probably munopolised the 1 major puitiou of the grinning on settling i "in n with Pie rcsistratirm husinA'iu Mcicovnie, I had. seine years back. gu.OiV lack - J? unanimity and union exuit-" ing amours tiic bookmakers. By "ring" 1 tnkc moan a bond' of union which shoutd bind a body of men together fur their commonwealth, hut tlio book- making "rings" in lhe.se colonies appear to bicker and battle amongst themselves ; in fact, the ring is the ring's greatest enemy. I've seen 'his illustrated in Mel bourne, we've n> >t iced it at Sydney, and very recently 1 have witnessed itiu Ade laide, When the S.A.J.C. announced its inten tion of imposing a registration or licens ing fee on till bookmakers who hot in the pad duck, the bookmakers determined to strike, and bcluiit.-ide. On tlio second day ot the mceiing two or three of the body, who nve members of the local Tattorsall's, but not regis tered by the Y.R.C., came inside and betted. All of the others, including one or two who are registered by the Y.R.C. hud the odds outside, where there is no totalisator. There is little loyalty and less union amongst layers of the odds in cither of the culouies. They agree to one course of action, then split up and pursue the opposite path. Pre cisely the same thing happened at Hawkes- buvy some years back, when First Uemon 1 won and three or four Melbourne bookmakers had a monopoly of the betting, and between them won five or six thousand. Fielders can't afford to be factious in these days of machines and monopolies. So far 11 have been referring to the course betting. Tho pencilling at the rooms vras very peculiar. Fortunately for the owners of The Lawyer and the trainers of Sluggard and Chetwynd, Adelaide is nicsscu jusi -now wnu an amateur bookmaker, a gentleman who has been successful, I believe, iu mining matters. He owns a horse or two and lavs vcty heavily against everything else in a race, His horses, so far, have been unsuccessful and the losses with which he has been credited arc consequently considerable. All the bookmakers appear to have been trader tho impression that either Chet wynd or Sluggard would be acertain starter for the Adelaide Cup and that one or the other must win. Consequently they laid against The Lawyer, and two or three other horses, in the Cup, and 44 kept" Chetwynd and Sluegard until they came to a sWit prioo. Cufurtiuiatcly for their calculations, after all the tens, eights and sixes to one bad been snapped up about The Lawyer, the pen was drawn through the names of Slug gard and Chetwynd, and they never " saw a short price." The Lawyer went out at oddton, and yet the &tabla;&£li mission average d hundreds to thirteen. All told, possibly two tkousa&dAKrands; (ontasde'tbo totalisator) werewofi fiy the backers «f,The Lawyer. A l&Qfsand; of tlus weot to 4 the stable," wifo, ul1»re alreidyttid, got tfcttrinone good ia»e. ,.A wrTif mosey flnr- faeSo'AfldeMe meeting, it inreited. jQuroogh tbe mettitnn of tiilniftcfliine. tiie (making of lhe appiiatais wi» of Oonrse Wft&bed; vpty cftrefuUy, ftafl l iteard no , Contlnuea pa Bagt- A :NBM7,%'-?Sm s'sjie several machines rnjer the same bofldlpg, «ibb \: jiwdwfl indqiMMimfly of the other, hut eooh eooiabntang to the grand totals. " ' SVoor three pigeonholes wen open for five poond investors, bat the majority -of tdie machines were patronisod by specu lators ot sovereigtu. Still, as 1 have said, the five pound and cms .pound ehaiea all went to swell the same total, the amount on each horse mescbtdt&liaator; being added together and divided amongst the backers olhe winners. Everything worked smootnJy, though it seemed to me that bettor proriaon might have been made to Facilitate dm paying-out process. Of course when an outsider got home comparatively few people backed him, and those few were speedily paid. Bat when 'the Lawyer— a hot first favorite -won the Cup the total showed jqore than a thousand pound investments on the winner, and the crowd of backers of The Lawyer around the paying-out windows was not materially reduced until the next race had been run, when another batch of backers of the favorite presetted (heir tickets for payment. Query. — If it takes one hour to pay out a couple of thousand pounds, how many machines, how many hours, and last, though by no means least, how many policemen would suffice for the payment of the quarter of mil lion of money, which, on a rough cal culation, has been estimated as the sum likely to go through the totalizators at lemingtou of tbey were tolerated anil bookmakers abolished on a Melbourne Cod davl Lockof time unfortunately prevented nay-availing myself of Mr Elworthy kind invitation to visit Sir Thomas Eider's stud farm. And the same explanation accounts for my inability to accept other similar invitations. Our champion 12.2 and 13 hands ponies have bailed from South Australia. s Mr Dunlevie, the pushing secretary to the A.R.C., was kind enough to ask me to fix a day to be shown around and introduced to one or two more Mortavises and Willie Reillys; but, much against iny will, I found 1 could not afford the time, and had to decline the offer. Emulation and Conrad appear to be the champion pony sires, and few people who remember the majestic proportions of Sardius would believe that this same sire begat both the big horse and a twelve hands racing pony. Such, however, is fact. 