HAUNTED HOUSES. Dr WILLIot C. PnEtoon. In the long winter erenings when we gather round the cosy fireside, feeling all the more happy and eomiortable because we know it is so cold and dreary without there are few more favourite pastimesytbha that of telling ghost stories:. And .singularly enouegh; it is often most lovedtlbyhthose who: are most in danger of being onnervediby it Most of us, at one time obrothEr have sat by the hearth until the small hoses of the mdrioning listeenin to tales of hrrr until our hearts hare fainted within n at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them remains shreouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recountcd in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "SirJames, my mother, with myself and my brother Charles went abhrod towards the end of the Jear 1786. After trying several different places, we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we bad also letters of introduction to several of the best French families. "There Sir Jamts left us, and after passing n few days in an uncomfoitable lodging, we engaged a nice large family house, which we liked muclh;and which we ebtainedoat a very low rent, even for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in our new residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers, for the purpose of delivering our letter of credit from Sir Robert Herrins, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy tfa franc pieces we found we could not carry, and therefore requested the banker to send, saying "we live in the Place du Lidn d'or."' Whrenpon he looked surprised, andl observed that he knew of no house there it foreus, ' except, indeed' he added the one that liao been long uninhabited in ronsquence of the recenant that walks about. He said this quite seriously and in a natural tone of voice; in spite of which we laughed and were quite entertainel at the idea of a ghost; but at the some time owe begged him' not to mention the matter to our servants lest theyshould lake any fannies into their heads; and my mother and I resolved to say nothing about it to any ene; 'I suppose it is the ghost,' said my mother, laugh ing, 'that irakes s no often by walking over our bheds.' We had in fact been awakened several nights by a brvy foet, which we sup posed to be that of one of the men-servant, of wh.m wehad three English and four Prech ; of women servants we had fivre English, and all the rest were French. The English ones, men and.women, every one of them, returned ultim ateljto England with os. "A night or two afterwards, being again awakened by the step, my mother anked Cress well, 'who slept in the room above us I' 'No one, my lady,' she replied, ' It is a large empty garret' "About a week or ten days after this Cress well came to my mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants talked about going away. because there was a rrrenant in the house ; adding, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other property, to hlare betongedto a young man, wrhoso gntlian, who was also his uncle, had treated hin, cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage; and as he had subsequently disappeared. it wan conjecturedl he had been murdered. This unele, after inherit ing the property, had suddenly quitted the house, and sold it to thie father of the man of whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had oer stayed in it above a week or two ; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. "' And do ou really believe all this non sense, Cresswell,' said my mother. "' Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, 'but there is the iron cage in the garret over your bed-rom, where you may see it if you please.' "Of course we rose to go, and as just at that moment an old obeer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called an us, we invited himr to accompany us, and we ascended together. We fond, as Cresowell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher; it was about four feet square, and eight in height; back to which wnas attached asn old rsty ehin, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it made my blood creep, hen I thought of the possibility of any human being having inhabited it And our old friend expressed as much horror as ourselves assuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadful purpose. As, however, we were no belierers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who had an interest in keeping the housone empty; and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were secret mneans of entering it by night, we reselved as oon as possible to look eut for an etlher residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Creswell, when she name t dross her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her 'Indeed my lady,' answered she, 'we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can sleep again in the room we are now in.' ' Well,' returned my mother, ' younshall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us ; but what has alarmed you t'" '" Someone, my lady, went through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our herds with the bed-clothes, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' " On hearing this, I could not help laughlni. open which Cresswell buret into tears; and seeing hol nervous sioe was we comforted her by saying that we Ihad heard of a good house, and that we should very noon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to her bed-room and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her work for the next day. It was after supper, and we were ascendeng the stairs by the light of a lamp whieh was always kept burning, when we caw going up before ous tall thin figure, with hair flowing doan his back, and wesring a loese powdering gown. We bath at once concluded it was my rister Iannah, and ralled out : 'It won't do, iannab, you yennot frighten Uo.' Upon which the figure turned into a rcess in the wall; but as there was nobody there when we pised, we coecluded that Hannahl had contrived somemow or other to slip away and make her escape by the ack stairs. "On telline this to my mother, however, she aid, 'It is very odd, for Ianah went to bed with abend ache bfor yoer came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her rem, there we fad her fast nseep ; and Aliee, who was at work there, assered en that she had been seo for more than an hour. On mentioning this circemstance to Crcswell, she turned quite pale, and exehlamed that that was preely the figuore she and Marsh had seen in their bedroom. "About this lime my brother Henry came to pend a few days with ur, and we gtve him a room up nother pair of tairsat the apposite end of the hoe. a merning or two after his arrival, when he c-me down to brcakfant, he asked my mother negrily whether she thought he wene tt bed drunkeand eonld not pot eut his oan endle, that the sent those French rencans to watch him. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing ree a thing; hot he persistd ie th~e acnsation, adding, 'Laet night I jemped ep end epened the door, and by the light ef tle moon through the eky light, I saw a fello in his loose gonn at the betismof the stairs. If T had not ben in my ehiret I would hare gone after him end made him remember eamin? toe atch me.' "W0ewere nor preparing toqait the house, " ningn eored aothr beltegi tongentleman whows.? got?g?to spended mne time in Italy- bht a few days before ener remowut it happened that a lMr. and Mrs. Athyns. some English friends of oers, called, to whom we mentioned these strange eloromstmne-e, obseroing hew extremely unpleasant it was to lhee in a home that somoe body found means of getting into, thongh bher they monsrihed it we rould not discover, eor at th"ir matire en"ld be, neopi it ass to frighten us, obseering that no one could sleep ie the room hbareh and Cresnelt hed been obliget to give up. Upon this, Mrs. Atkyes laughed heartily, and mid that she should like of all thins, tog sleep there rf my mother would allea her, adding, that with her little terrier she should not be efmld othany ghost that ever appeared. As my mother had of reoroe no ebjection'to this fancy of hers, lIrs. Arys~n reqo,?tlel her husband to rinde home with tie eight things before the gates of the reon aern shut, as theywem then residing a little evaP in the . so.try. fa. A?tkye smiled, and said hre men very bold; but he made ne ditfealty, end ahent the thinag, and his wife retired with hero dogts her rom when we rotired to oars eppar ently without the least epprehenion - "When sile rme doer in the morning we ere immedlately stauch at seetsg her loak very ill, end mnb inqiring if shd tob hadbeian teght cned, she sad she had beene-wawkened in Lh, night by something moving in her room, and that by the light of the night lamp she saw most distinctly a figure, and that the dog which was rry spirited, and flew at everything, never stirred although she had endeavoured to make him. We saw clearly that she had been very much. ae ined, and when Mr. Atkyns came and endeavoured to dissipate the feeling by per anading her that she might have dreamt it, she got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something; and my mother said after she was gone, that though she could hot bring herself to believe it was really a ghost, still she earnestly hoped that she might get out of the house without seeing this figroe which frightened people so much. "We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal ; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but in the middle of the night I ws sunddenly awakened,I cannot say by what, for the step over oar heads we bad become so used to that it no longerdisturbed us. Well, I awoke ; I had been lying with my faee towards my mother who was asleep beside me, and, as one usually does on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warm, the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it was also at the foot, and I saw standing by achest of drawers which were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm restig on the drawers and the face turned towards me. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which burned clearly. Itwas a tony, thin, pale young face with oh I such a melan choly expression as can never be effaced from my memory. I was certainly very much fright cued, but my great horror was lest my mother shonld awake and see the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard her breathing high in asound sleep. Just then the clock on the stailr etruk fear. I dar oay itwas nearly asn beir before I ventured to look tagain, and when I did take courage to turn my eyes to wards the drawers there was nothing ; yet I had not heard the slightest sound, though I had been listening with the greatest intensity. "As you may seuppse, I never closed my eyes again, and glad I was when Crersawell knochel at the dcer, as she slid every morning, for we always locked it, and it was my bh?ines to get out of bed and let her in. But on this oearion instead ofdoing so, I callod out, 'Come in, the door is not fastened ;' upon which she answered that it was, and I was obliged to get out of bed and admit her as usual. ' " When 1 told my mother what had happened, she wan very grateful to me for not waking her and commended ame much for my resolution. She. however, remolved not to risk another night in the house, nndse wot out of it that very same day, after iiaslituting, with the aid of the seivanns, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if-there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the usual mdes of ingress, but or search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called the tupernatarsn, together with the great interest tile owner of this large and handsome residence must have had in discovering the trick, if there had been one-we must admit that these extraordinaryeircumstances are very diffi cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 16l9, when the commissioners sent from Inndon by the Long P.trlia?acnt to take posaes sion of it, and efface all the enlblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyanees they suffeired from a rogulsh cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstockon the 13h October, 1649. They took up their aldgings in the late king's apart ments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing- rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of royal state, and treated with tile utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Gs iles Sharp ccomporaied them in the eapacity of clerk, anod seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. lie aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the Kings 0 lk, and toaed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about tile house, but they paid no great attention to threm. On the thinl, however, they begn tosns w tshey tl gw t into sabn corrpany; for they heard, as they thought, a eupernrturat dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedelothes. On the next day the tables and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fiflh day, something carme into the hIedchamber and ralked up and down, and fetch. ing the warming pan out of the withdrawing room, made so much noise with it that they thouaht five church-bells were ringing in their On the sixth day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining-room. On the seremth day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and nsurped the soft pillows intended for the commlssloners. On the eihth oand ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities; but on the rthfi, the bric in the chimneys became loeomotive and rattled and danced about the loors, and round the heads of the commissioners, all the night long. On the eleern/ the -- sn away with their clothes, and on the twcrefle tilled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they could not get into them. On tile thirterrnt night, the glass became unacountably seized with a it of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of tile house. On the fourtlenth, there was a noise as if forty pieas of artillery had been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, they cr:ed out to one another for hell,." They firnt of all tried the eflictey of pryenrs to drive away the spirits; but these proving un availing, they began seriouly to releet whether it would not be much bclter to leave tihe place altogether to tile spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer; and avring eroved forgiveness of all their sins, be took themselres to bed. That night they slept in tolerable eomlort, ,ut it was merely a triek of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When, on the succeeding night, they heard no noises, they began to flatter themselves that the spirit was driven out, and preuiared to tike up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These lraptorls on their part baconu the signal for rnewed uproar almong the spirits. On the let aVoreracr they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the withdrawcing- room, and immediately afltrwardsanshoer ol stone, bricks, maortar,and broken glaasspeltedahauttheirears. Ontbeseeond steps were again heart in tie withd- rewing-noanr, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise faying ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a norae. Somne of the boldest walked valiantly into the swithdraw lag-room, armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that niglht to go to bed, and EaIt op making fires in everyroom, and burning eandhs and lamps in great abundanee; thinking that, as the spirits loved darkness, they would not disturb a com pany surrounded with so muac ligh:. They were deceived, hobeer; buekets of water came down the chimneys and extiguisgilhed the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants who had brtaken themselves to bed were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all drippingwith green moisture, and their knhcklia red with tfie blows they had at the same time received from some invisible tormentor. \ahile they were still speaking, there was a noise like the loudest thunder, or the firing of a whole pack of artil lery. - One of the eommirsionere a-ked in a courageous voice, who nas there and what they had done thlat they should be so troubled. h'o answer was returned, and the noises ceased for a while. At length, however, as the commissioners said, "the spirit came again, and bronught with it seven others worse then iself." ling again in darknes, they lighted a candle and placed it in a doownay, that it might thro? a light upon the two chambers at.once; but it was suddenly blown out, and one commisieneresahdLhe had "seen the similitude of a horsees hoof strikina the candle and candlestick into the middle of. the chamber, and afterwards making three scrapes on the snuff to put it out." Upon this the same person was so bold as to dran his sword; but he assertled positively that he had herdtly withdrawn it when an ina-ithl habnd seised bold of it nodtungged wish him forit, and prevailing, struck him eo violent a blow with the immmel tilat he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again.: They were con vinees by this time it wasr uselco to etru??lo any longer with the powers that seemed deter mined toemte W- their own. These thints happened on Saturdty night, and, beingrepeated on tho Sunday, they determined to leave the plac rad re mornist rondoan. : r ly Tireday morning early, ail their?-pfepar ions :were. comp e ei, an?, i-akingeS c'st oS their feet, inally took their departure. eany years elapsed before the true canes of these disturbances was discovered. I .nu atcertaine at the Restoritioa , tht the whole as heo work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of the eomminesioner' This man was a' eoncaled royalist, and p'sted his early life in W-.; o he knew every hole and corner of the pla?e;nd nnmerous trap-doors and secret pasnages- The commissioners never suspecting him placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a cnfidenee~which he abased in the manner above detailed, to his own great amusement and that of a few cavaliers whom helet intothe secret. " 