Presbyterian Assembly. The general assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland met last Tuesday evening in the Wickham- terrace Church. There was a fairly good attendance. The proceedings were opened with sing ing and prayer, and the reading of a Sortion of Scripture. The Rev. W. D. [eiklejohn, the retiring moderator, preaohed, taking for his text Epistle to tha Hebrews, 10th chapter, 23rd verse, ''Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; for he is faithful that promised." At the conclusion of his sermon, the modera tor took the ohair, and proceeded to constitute the assembly. The minutes were taken at read. The roll was then called over, and some ques tions as to transfers having been adjourned, it was certified and signed. The Rev. Mr. Mrzklbjohn announced that the Rev. A. C Smith, of Mowbraytown, had been unanimously nominated as moderator. The Rev. Charles 000 spoke iv eulogistio terms of the Rev. Mr. Smith. The new moderator having been formally initiated, took the chair amidst applause. He then delivered the inaugural address, in the opening portions of which he made some brief personal allusions, reminding those present that he was one of the original small band of ministers who in ths year 18G3 first formed themselves into "the Presbyterian Churoh of Queensland." He said that though he had been absent for many years in the sister colonies, he had never ceased to feel tho deepest interest in the Churoh here, and had rcoently returned to her servioe with something of the fervour of first love. The Rev. Mr. Ogg was the only member of that band who still remained. Before proceeding to tho prinoipal Bubject of his remarks, ho spoke at somelengthofthePresbyterianChurch generally. Her form of church government, combining i_ a remarkable way liberty with unity of action, was, be considered, if tbe conditions were favourable, the form best suited for church development. The Presbyterian Church was now, he believed, the largest Protestant Church in the world, embracing in her bounds more than 25,000,000 of adherents. He had used the word "if the conditions were favourable," because in a young, vast, sparsely-populated colony, Presbytcrianism did not in the outset seem to be so well fitted for pioneering as some other denominations, its apparatus apparently not proving pliant enough. When population grew, however, as was seen in the United States and in Viotoria, Presbyterianism was able to get free scope for its energies, and dis play what it oould do in a way that gave it a foremost place in the Church of Christ. Defending the Presbyterian Church against some of the complaints ordinarily made against her, he went on to speak of •• Our position and duty as a church of Christ in this colony.''—l. As to our '■ Position," it is a somewhat peculiar one. This colony, at ita last oensus, contained 380,000 inhabitants, and of these it is generally reckoned we have at least one in eight belonging to us—namely, between 40,000 and 60,000 of the entire population. Our adherents may not show this proportion in the larger towns, but in the oountry districts they show far more than this proportion. Presbyterians occupied a vory pro minent plaoe amongst the squatters, farmers, and settlers generally of the back country. Now surely for these we are bound to care. No doubt it may be said " people may get to Heaven through connecting themselves with other Churches as easily as with the Presby terian one." We do not dispute this, but this is not the question. We are bound, as a churoh, to make provision in church ordinances for our sonsand daughters scattered throughout the land. Nothing can free us from that obligation resting on"us as a Church—and, if we do not steadfastly look at it in the face and seek to fulfil it, our right to the position as a Christian Church is largely gone. Tet when we strive to realise our responsibility in this matter, we find some very peculiar difficulties lying in our way, and which we ought, as far as possible, to make provision against. What are these ? Two only I shall allude to, whioh are very apparent. First, there is the geographical difficulty. The great distances at which our congregations in the smaller towns and in the bush are from eaoh other very seriously operate against our progress. No doubt it will be said that this difficulty presses equally on all the Proteßtant churches, but it presses more on us than on most others. Partly because there is such a large proportion of our adherents in the country districts. Partly because it prevents that united Presbyterial action whicn is so essential to ths development and auocessfu efforts of onr Churoh. Partly because we have no ministers like the Bishops of the Church of England, who, free from the special charge of any one congregation, can make regular journeys over the land for rallying, organising, and encouraging our people, or can go frequently to the borne country, and by their influence and efforts raise large sums of money, and get men ont to fill vacancies. And once more, partly because we have no system of local preachers or lay agents, aa some other churches have, who, without going through the training of a uni versity career, can start, organise, and carry on churches. This is one of our peculiar difficul ties, and if we are wise we shall look at it in the face and see how far it can possibly be overcome. Secondly, there is'the difficulty;con nected with the want of a much greater general spiritual baptism of the Holy Spirit. All the Christian churches in the colony speak of tbe felt lack of this, but the difficulty it involves in the way of progress presses peculiarly on our Church. The worship and polity of the Presbyterian Church is, in itself, a very simple one, and has little in it to attract the world apart from her owu inward spiritual life. When a great wave of divine spiritual influence flows over a land, the simpler the transmitting medium for the proclamation of the Gospel is the better—but, when this is awanting, the Presbyterian Church peculiarly suffers. In fact, no church, in this view of it, needs tbe presence and power of the Holy Ghost in order to discharge ncr duty amongst ber own ad herents and irreligious outsiders more than our own. Fathers and brethren ! it would be well for ns to lay this to heart, and do our utmost to obtain a great Pentecostal shower of divine blessing so as to bs able to meet in some measure tbe responsibilities of our position as a Church of Christ. 11\. As to our duty as a church, 1 shall only refer briefly to the more important matters that call for our consideration, and that will, more or leu, corns before your venerable House. 1\. First in importance is our Home Mission Work. This is the real backbone of onr strength and progress as a Church. Many of our ad herents, as I have already said, live in the smaller towns and in the hush, and we have neither the money nor the men to supply their wants. Our Home Mission finances are, I re- Set to say, in a very backward state, and how ey are to be put on a better footing demands our most serious consideration, v we are not to have whole distriots and many of our adherents in ths colony wholly lost to us. I am not prepared to sug gest a remedy —your united wisdom must do that—but allow me to say that I have often thought, sinoe my return to Queensland, that if it were possible an effort should be mads to get a Home Mission agent, such es they have in the home churches and in the Presbyterian churches of Viotoria and New South Wales, one who, being free from any particular pastorate, oould travel over the oolony to foster new charges. Tbe difficulty, of course, is to get the suitable man, and especially the money. But, if some of the wealthier adherents of our church would only boldly faoe tbe matter, and out of the large-hearted Christian charity I know they possess, generously guarantee his salary for a few years, as was done in New South Wales, the man would no doubt be found, and the effort ere long far more than repay itself over the Church as a whole. 2. Next in importance is rearing a native ministry and pushing on our theologioal hall. Little has been done in this direction, but a more vigorous attempt, I think, should be made. We are largely dependent on ministers floating to us from other lands, who come for their health, and this is not in our favour. Native ministers, reared in the colony, rank, as we see in Victoria, amongst the most useful and success ful workers for Christ; and on these a Church must, in tbe long run, chiefly depend, if she is not only to grow but even to hold her own. 3. Another important matter is cultivating more of a missionary spirit in respect to the dark-skinned heathen amongst us, the kanakas _ and aborigines, not to speak of the adjoining islanders in the South Seas. Ido not speak thus as the convener of the mission to the heathen, bnt as a Christian minister. A Church, in proportion to the degree in whioh she becomes a missionary Church, prospers in all her activities within herself. In proof of this I need only point to tbe Victorian Church, which is this year sending five or six mis sionaries to the New Hebrides, in addition to her flourishing Chinese and aborigines missions, and which is prospering in a remarkable degree in all her other schemes, having raised nearly £60,000 as a jubilee fund. lam sorry to say we are, as yet, far behind the other Australian Presbyterian churches in this matter. The Tasmanian and South Australian churches, numbering each only twelve or thirteen charges, eaoh support a missionary to the New Hebrides. We, in Queensland, have at last mado a start in this direotion, and have had a missionary to the kanakas in the Mackay district settled for upwards of eight months, his salary being raised through the subscriptions of the planters and the sums oolleoted by the children in our Sabbath schools through collecting cards. The report of that committee will be laid before you; bnt it will bo seen from it that £100 more per annum must be raised over the churoh if the mission is to be carried on for another year. Let us only realise, as a Church, our duty in this matter, and a new era of prosperity, I feel oonvinoed, will dawn upon ns. 4. And once more, what we require as a Church iB a greater esprit-de-eorps amongst us as a Church. There is far too muoh inde pendency amongst us and a very patent lack of each congregation regarding tne welfare of the whole Church as a matter of vital concern to itself. What we require is that each congregation should be in touch, so to speak, wi-Tall the other congregations of the Church, cherish a closer intercourse with them, extend active help in proportion to their wealth and their numbers, and not expend most if not all of its efforts on itself. If any Church on earth should, the Presbyterian Churoh ought, from her own meaning and constitution, to feel that the wellbeing of each particular churoh is closely bound np with tbe* wellbeing of the Church as one organic whole.' Fathers and brethren, in closing, let me say I have spoken almost entirely of onr Presby terian Churoh, and her duty and work ; but let us never forget we form only one branch of the great Church of Christ. Let us look on all other Christian churches with brotherly sympathy, and warmly second them in all their efforts. I have always considered, certainly, that the prosperity and glory of the entire Churoh of Christ as a whole, lies, not in visible incor poration, but in each Church doing its own duty earnestly in its own sphere. Even as the glistening sunlit glory of a dew-bespangled field lies, not in all the dewdrops becoming one vast dewdrop, but in each reflecting, as it does, in its own way, a complete image of the sun overhead. Still, never let us forget that we are all brethren, professing to work for ihe same master, and to exhibit Him to the world around as the common Saviour of us all. When wo thus realise ourselves as one grand united phalanx of workers for Christ, and against darkness and em in a God - forgetting world, what a glorious future is before us! " Why sleeps the future, as a snake enrolled coil with in coil at noontide? For tho Word yields, if with unpresumptuous faith explored, power, at whose touch the sluggard shall unfold his drowsy rings. Look forth 1 That stream, behold that stream, upon whose bosom we havo passed, floating at ease, while nations have effaced nations, and death has gathered to his fold long lines of mighty kings—look forth, my soul! Nor in this vision be thou Blow to trust the living waters, less and leu by guilt stained and polluted, brighten as they roll, till they have reached the eternal oity, bnilt for the perfected spirits of the just I" (Applause.) On the motion of Bey. Dr. Hat, seoonded byJßev. Mr. 000, a vote of thanks was passed to the retiring moderator for his sermon and for the manner in which he had discharged the duties of his office. A motion was adopted in viting ministers unattaohed to sit as correspond ing members. The Rev. Richard Korr was reappointed assistant olerk. A committee con sisting of the Revs. Dr. Hsy, J. I. Knipe, and Legate was appointed to draw up an address to the Governor. SThe Rev. William Gray, of Milton, wrote presenting volnmes of tbe Hexaglot Bible to the assembly. A vote of thanks was accorded to him. Some routine business having been disposed of, the assembly adjourned to the following day. 