PERSONiir PARS. Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne^lias reclaimed his Chloe. George Howe was the first printer in Australia. Date, 1795. Big De Baun has the smallest voice of any one on the " Corner." A certain coffee shop in King William Street is getting the reputa tion of being the meeting place of the wits. Guess. Lord Kintore is a thorough Scotchman. He drinks whisky like a gillie—Quiz means like a Lord—and prefers it to champagne. A man in Adelaide whom you see every day is almost an exact, reproduction of the Earl of Onslow. And still he is not happy! Squarise is going to Dunedin. He had better burn his fiddle and take to bagpipes, for they're unco guid Scotch bodies in those parts. Jumbo cultivates the society of Sassoon, the wealthy Hebrew of London. Sass was a money-lender. Perhaps Jum is "popping" his reversionary right. Major Gordon has returned. The letter he received from the Queen pressing him to remain in England will not be on exhibition. 'Twere better so. Somebody suggests that Charles Goode and Matthew Goode could very well sit for representations of the local Cheervble brothers. They do look so benevolent. If it takes two artists to copy one picture, how many donkeys must there be on the Rushlight ? But there seems to be something too personal about this item. The Geddes case is only the discovery of another drama in our lunatic asylums. There are plenty of them there. Softening of the brain is the trouble with the Rushlighters. Allerdale Grainger, now that he is Secretary of the Mining Com mission, has returned to the tall hat and long-tailed banger. This ostentatiousness is making the brokers envious. Jack Harvey—"Jolly Jack," as everyone calls him—has a choice assortment of Northern Territory, yarns 011 hand. The Civil Service Commission need not go to Port Darwin after all. They celebrated a golden wedding out in the suburbs the other night. " By gosh" said the fellow next door, as he deftly caught the meat axe his wife had engineered, " I guess this is my iron wedding." E. H. Derrington, who now does shorthand writing for the Government, was more than once a newspaper proprietor,, and at one time—alas ! for too brief a period—was Commissioner of Crown Lands in South Anstralia. A young Hungarian named Farkas Menyert has created a great sensation in Vienna by winning in the State Lottery no; less a sum than 48o,ooo florins, or ^48,000. He can buy a title with a third of that, become a " noble," and there you are. The Oriental presents which the Sultan of Morocco sent to the Emperor William have been carefully examined by experts, who have discovered that, instead of being of Eastern origin, they were manufac tured in Germany and France. Tit for tat, eh ? There are two ex-parsons on the Corner. One even now holds forth to admiring congregations; the other spends Sundays in planning silver booms. Strange as it may seem they never make a deal, and yet one is a Baptist and the other a Wesleyan ! John Witherick, of Waymouth Street, is an enthusiastic St. John's Ambulance man. Big as he is, he has the soft touch of a woman, and Quiz would rather have him in attendance if he got mixed up with a steam-roller than many of our local sawbones. When the Emperor William visited Queen Victoria at Osborne,. Isle of Wight, he found in the garden, which opens from the carriage drive near the flag tower, a magnificent myrtle, which arrested his atten tion, and this great shrub was originally a sprig from his mother's, wedding bouquet. More impecunious foreign pensioners and barnacles for the English taxpayer. It is rumored that Jumbo's other two daughters are about to save a couple of loafers from starvation by marrying them. These are the Landgrave of Hesse—a land or water grave is appropriate—and the hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe- Langenberg. At Hatfield, when at breakfast the Shah made a pencil sketch of his old acquaintance Sir Henry Rawlinson, who was present, and handed it to the Princess of Wales as a souvenir. Immediately the Prince of AVales seized paper and pencil and transplanted Sir Henry Wolff to the former, going, as our American friends say, " one better," than the unsavory Persian. Nicholas, Prince of Montenegro, who governs his subjects in the old fashioned paternal style, recently caused his Minister of Public In struction, whom he had convicted of stealing some state archives, to he laid across a block in the courtyard of the palace and publicly whipped, and after the culprit had received fifty strokes with a birch rod he was packed off to prison for twelve months. Prince Nicholas holds a court every week, when he dispenses justice, and offenders are then and there birched in presence of his Highness, who is, however, always ready to remit a certain number of blows for a cash payment. Poor old 'Cello Refiners has departed to that land where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest—at least it is to be hoped he has. At all events he will no longer be annoyed by the wicked troubling of Kirkham Evans and his confederates. The old boy divided his time between his big fiddle and spirits (Quiz knows some who give undivided attention to the latter), and when he wasn't making the catgut squeak he was enticing ghosts. Evans professed to expose the Teutonic enthusiast, and the Christian young ninth-part of-a-man may now expect to be haunted by the shade of a good-hearted old fellow with a 'cello. 