AWAKENED. Bv Mnns. S. S. A?D.nICHr. Sncrr a pretty home it was-an.old farm house, partially modermise1,awithl big bay window, broad piazza, and.sunnyverandas, Sarid an old-fashionedporeh. at the back over which the morning glories clambered. • The wide green lawn in front sloped down tda graded village stceet nbt tfeniniuutes' walk from a large summer hotel. .iut back of lho houseiacres and acres of ricdh;tevel farni' land stretched away, where sleek cattle fed. and where big barns waited for the luxiriant crops of hay and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest farm in all the country round, and when the young master, Willis Clyde, five years before, brought to it his pretty wife, Dilly, people said sihe was a fortunate woman. But Dilly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and some thing of a dreamer, and still lihad that old fashioned notion that husbands ought to be lovers. And Will, though lie had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after his marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. Pretty brown-haired JDilly! IIow lovely, how dainty she was, with lher pink and white face and her dove- like eyes! And though so young, she was a most capable housekeeper, and the kindest mistress in the world, as Aunt Dolly, the cook, and Nora, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in the rambling old house was tastefully arranged, and in immaculaete order. She made channing toilets, too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But, oh, dear I" she thought so often, with tears in her pretty eyes, "what is the use of changing my dress at all except for myown pleasure ? Will would never know whether I wore a satin or a faded calico gown." He had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way lie would toss lher the lines afterward made Milly remember, though Will forgot, that the lhappiness of life, to one woman at least, was made up of little things. Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some times indoors, sometimes on the wide, beautiful lawn. And they were always largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had hosts of friends at the big hotel and about the village. Other people were not un mindful of her charms if lier husband was. And when sometimes at their tennis or cro quet Will passed through the yard on his way to the house or field-Will, with his broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache-and carelessly touched his hat to the players, for he knew them all, the tell-tale flush on Billy's cheek, and the sparkle in her soft eyes, showsed how proud she was of her farmer lhusband, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, hand somer far than even aristocratic Neal Rivers, with his six feet of stature, his blonde moustache, acnd laughing blue eyes that could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. lie and his mother and his Cousin Clare were summering at the hotel. They came early in June when Neal was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like a long limbed ghost. Long ago le had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July hadl gone, and the fiery mouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longumead picnic; a slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road stretcled away like a winding white ser pent between the green hedges, malting even the thlought of cool, shadowy wood lands a delight on such a morning. They started at ten o'clockl; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious the woods were after that dusty three miles' drive! They were soon scattered about in the shady grove, loolking like tropical birds. Swings flashed throughi the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, andt far back in some cool retreat a band played dreamnily. Dilly enjoyed it all, but she was ab stracted and more thean usually quiet. Will could not conme with her, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him. Neal Rivers was always with her; why, she told herself, site really saw more of hims in a week than she saw of her lutsband. That surely was wrong. But why did lhe mon opolise her so, when he knew site lhad a lesband ? Perlhaps, and shle caught her breath quickly, lie was flirting with her, as Madge told him the other day lie did flirt with every girl, adding that lie ought to get a wife and stop such nosense . And though he laughed, his face flusled as lie satel rather impatiently, -"if that is myyonly safeguard, the chances are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." He had a pleasant way of doing things, and she hlad enjoyed his attentions so much at first, as if lie had been her brother; but now, now slle was suspicious of everything, and flushed and p:aled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told him "He wIas like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy himself orlet anybody else do so." After the delicious dinner, Neal proposed that Madge and Dilly should row with him across the lake back of the grove, to a little island where some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Dilly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluc tantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry, pleasant row-. When the boat's keel touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers was already landed, Madge, who iwas always a careless maiden, found to her dismay tlhat she lhad lost one of the beautiful bracelets hler father lhad given ler only a short time before. "Oh," she moaned, "I must go right back and look for it. You go ashore with Mr. Rivers, Milly, and whlen I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until i come, for I want to no too." " Oh, .no, Madge," Dilly said, sturdily. "I am going back to help you find your brace let." "Wlhat foolishness, withl all that crowd of people to help me, Milly! Please get out--thei man can row so much faster with out you." But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go asaore withll Mr. Rivers, and hler face slowed it plainly. "Come," hle said, in tlhat masterful way hle had, hlolding out hIis Iland to help hler, "Come, little 'Puritan,"addingwitli aslightly sarcastic laugh, "there are no bears on tie island to devour us while MIadge is gone, so do not fear. I hlave been here before and know every foot of it." And as hle saw hler vexed, flushed face he laughed again, but she gave him her hand and stelpped ashore. They went a little way up the bank, to where a large maple threw its cool shadows, and after Mr. Rivers lad arranged Milly's shawl over tile stones so as to make a com fortable seat, lie threw hlimself on tle grass beside hler, fanning hlimself with hIis straw hat. They sat thuls a goodt while, not talk ing muc, watching the Ieat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breeze lead gone down again, and again that sulphurous hIeat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in the west lhugoe "tthunder-beads" piled themselves up. But tlhey took no notice that a slow-er was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurid hIeat of dog days. It was two hours by Mr. Rivers' watchl, and still no Madge, no boat. "Thalt careless girl las probably forgotten all about us," le soaid, rising. Tihe sun was obscured by tlhis time, and there was a low moanieg of wind thlrougis the leaves. lIe looked about lhsstily, takling in tlhe situation at a glance. 1ow could le Ilave been so careless as to takse no heed that a shower was coming? For even as he looked there was a flashl and tlhe first muffled roll of tlhnder. Iow whlite Milly's face grew! Ever since she could remember, she had been frantically afraid in a thunder shlower. Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly fainted withll fright, and now- "To the boat-house, quick! It is our only shelter," lie said, hastily taking hler hand. They reached it just as the first wild torrent of rain dnshed down. lie made the clhunsy door fast, and then went back to where selo was stauding-for there was notlhing to sit down upon but the floor. She put out hler hlands and caught hIis arm, hiding ler eyes against hIis sleeve. As lce saw how white lso was he drew his. own breath hard, put his other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward, when the ocean rolled be. tween them, the memory of that pure, trusting, girlish face against his arm was like a shield about him, the whisper of a "peace, be still," to his storm-tossed soul. It grew very dark in the boat- house, lighted only by two small windows at either end; one could scarcely see the length of it. The lightning was appalling, the thunder terrific, and the rain beat and blurred against the windows-and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clalsing fingers tightlened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, lie brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it mnust soon be over, and they could go out again. When at last it was over, the boat came back for them. They crossed in safety, and were soon with the others in the over crowded little cottage near the grove, where they had taken refuge. Hlilly looked pale and ill from her fright, and Neal was so quiet that Madge told lim lie "appeared to have fallen upon peace by the wayside." for his restlessness of the nlorning was all gone. Thlle carriages came at last, the large van, and Wilson, the coachman, with Mr. hirers' horse and buggy. "Madge," Neal said in his authoritative manner, as lie came into the hall, " youwill ride in the van, and Milly must go in the buggy with Clare; she is tired." "Nobody else is, I suppose," Madge answered in a vexed tone. "Milly is made of better flesh andl blood than the rest of us." "I know that," he said, "so you are going in the van with me, and Wilson will drive Clare and Milly in the buggy." And though Milly did not wish it she was too tired to argue the point, and he had his way. Next day she had a nervous headache, and kept her rooin until nearly night. The girls came to see her, Madge chatteringlike a magpie, and pitied her, because er uhead ached, and told her how " wretchedly dull it had been all day with Neal also sick, or if he was not sick he was cross and stipid, and had lounged on the piazza all day, not even reading. At night she crept downstairs into the parlour, when Will came in to read llI paper, and sat down near him leaniiig her head on his knee. She wanted to tell hiss of her stay in :the boat-house with Mr. Rivers, because she thought she ought to, and lie had evidently been much worried about her yesterday, knowing low timid she was in a shower. But after lie found out there was a house near by where they took refuge, lihe said no more. So she began at once giving hlim the outline of the story rapidly and itn a low tone; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and tier stay in the boat- house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When slle lihad finished, site waited with burning cheeks for him to scold her. ur.it Will, who to do him credit, had not heard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat-house, and ferns, and Madge, said irritably, "how persistent you are, Milly! What do I care for those people' and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself witi them if you like, but don't expect me to be interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did not care about such a thing as that. She sat in the cool porch the next morn. ing shelling peas, when the girls came for tier to play tennis. But Milly shook hler lead resolutely. "No," she said, "a housekeeper ihas other things to do in the morning than play tennis." "We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. " IIe charged us not to come backde withoutyou." And though Milly felt her clheeks burn, she answered, "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for lim more than for you?" Why, indeed? But ten minutes later hi sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laugh ing face in at the door, and said gaily, "Come Mlilly, we want you. Doni't refuse-we shall be all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all winter." As she ran upstairs to brushlher hair and get ready, site thought, "What is the use? I may as well go, for as he says, they will soon be gone, all of tllem, and then I can do penance, and and-Will doesn't care." After that she never refused to go with tiher friends anywhere. Slhe walked, rode, went sailing, played games, went to the hopls at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whlichever way the wave carried tier; because they wanted her, and because "Will didn't care!" The night was full of mooniight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last hop of tile season. To-morrow mauny were going home, among tlhe Neal Rivers. and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, lie caught lier arm. "hlasntt Milly come yet?" he said ex citedly. "No," site answered, "I am going inow to see why." "Here, give her this." He scrawled a few words on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight: " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. \EAtL." Sooner than he thought possible they came. IIe stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moon light as he looked down upon her face. " Were you not coming?" "No," wearily. Then he put tier hand on his arm, and they walked slowly down tlhe yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. " Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be partedl-and mine, oh, Heaven, mine is breaking!" "Say good-by, and let me go," she panted. IIis land trembled; he gnawcdhismous tache fiercely. "Milly, I love you," pleadingly. "Go withl me over tihe ocean. Youl must-you shall! I cannot go without you! I never wanted any other woman for my wife-I will never have any other. Withl yeaou I can be a good man, witllout you 1 shall drift to Itades! Come, come, imy darling! He will not care--he is hard and cold. In a week Ie will forget hlie ever liad you. In your two small hlnds you llold my fate lilly, little brown-litireld Milly!" " Milly-little brown-lhaired Milly !" just what Will hiad said, with hIis arms about hier, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft lhum of crickets. Over and over tile words rang themiselves in her ears, "I am a plain man, not given to many words, but I love you, Milly, darling, little brown-llhaired Milly ! " And woven in somehow with the bars of moonlight and thie lummuing crickets were those other words in letters of lire: "Whant therefore God hath joined together, let not man puitt asunder !" Down the garden path she fled like a wounded deer; pasiting, eager, breathless, shel did not stop until site threw herself across the bed in hier own room, and ftintedl dead away. Two days later, when slhe crept down stairs in thie morning sunlilght, with hier pale, shadowy face, 'ill, watiting at the foot, held out his arms and clasped hier to lim, awakened at last. 