OUR NOVEL. THE LAJHES' GALLERY. A NOVEL. BY j us TIN MCCARTHY, M.p AND MRS. CAMPBELL PR ABD. VOL. II. M -- RICHARD RANSOM'S STORY. (Continued.) CHARTER YllL-ÚONTINUÉD. * He had to po to the office of th« Australian AgenfcGenerai,* answered Berenice. 'A mail came in this morning, and some of our letters seem tobare been sent there instead of to the Bank. Tony bade me say/ she added, '.that he 'would join Ui here at ? five " b'clock;; and would Wait for yon in the outer lobby.' ' I thought that Berenice looked anxious and I wondered if she were dreading bad news from Australia. She had that hun- ted expression in her 'eyes that I noticed at Niagara. But her manner kept the gentle calm which seemed to haye settled upon her since that great crisis in out lives, I kuew, iustincrfveiy, that she was determined to crush down her old impet- uous moods, and that this quietude was a ' 'sort of ' protection ? against herself perhaps, too, against me. There was ' na need. I felt as though a solemn charge had been laid upon me to guard my lady's honour, and I would have died sooner than ba false to that trust.. ' I took them up to the Ladies* Gallery. It was expected that later on some im- portant speakers would rise, and though the debate was dull enough just now, the place was crowded. T had not balloted for seats, and, to Miss Dell'« disappointment, the only chairs vacant iii the dingy prison like compartment were quifce-at the back, where it Was almost impossible to see ot bear anythitfgi that was geing on below. Nevertheless Philippa f urtively cot out her note-book. If ishecould not make copy ont of the pelitieans, she could at least turn their wivesand lady friendstoaccouht. 3 stood' behind Berenice/ and every-now and then we exchanged a ' whispered re- mark, ' I . saw ' that 'she was discomposed and sensitive, and BS the Voices of the oratorsdrbnèd 'on in mechanical invective, rfanbiedthat Berenicegrewpaleraiidmore restless»--' ' - , ?" !-' .-"«._'-'; ,; ;* Gome into the corridor,' I suggested. ' It is hot and stuffy here.' ; ': ' ' "We. wônt ^o'ut, leaVining. Philippa, absorbed in the effort to ratch a lo wtoiled colloquy-">'?;betweelis- two' smart-looking Tory ladies. Berenice turned- to me as' we began; to paco 'the long)'dim,,cool corridor'. ' ' * Bick/-she said tremulously-.ind I started;* far she rarely, almost never, ad dressed tae so intimately-! I don't kuow what is the matter with me. J'm so nervous to-day. I feel as if something; were going to happen. , Do you ever have libatfeelingf" - - 'I knbwth'at. something in going -to happen^ofoetMnjtf I have bern wanting: to tell you all day.' I heard this morning Binbian Jo is coming to Englaud.' 'Ah'.' ; ' I was a little chilled. Her voice did not express any satisfaction. ' Presently ehe said, -4 Well-you will be gladi You will want to tell your bosom friend everything that yon have done and felt. Do! not-do not, I beg of you, tell, about me.' 'Berenice,' I said reproachfully, 'you are sacred-even from Binbian Jo ; you know that.' ' YOB. Forgive me. I don't want to seem unsympathetic ; but, you/know, I never could quite share your - enthusiasm about. Binbian Jo. But it is no matter. Don't mind me. -Tm not myself to-day. I TÍ want Tony to come. I shall be eaiser then.' ' I looked at my watch. 'It is not five. Ïet. I will go for Iii:« preseutly. terenice, tell me what you are dread- ing.' 'I have no reason to dread anything-. It's only a feeling, and perhaps I hal better not talk about it. I hate been trying so hard to change myself-to crush down all the rebellious longing«) I used to have-td make niyself di ffirent from i what I was when yon and I first mot.' j ' There's no uso iu trying,' I answered gloomily. ' Yes, there is use. I thought I had Îtartly succeeded. It has been very good or m quoining to people, like Jfche Stranges -mto^ÄJfeplacK1, orderly English Ufe, in which are no scenes and wrangles - and money straits. Only sometimes, like to- day, it cones over me that this is all a piece of acting, and that presently the crash will come and tho curtain will fall upon the big situation.' ' She pavo a Httle'aielancholy laugh, and stopped in her walk. We drew back into one of the oak-lined embrasures, an«l for a moment or eo she wa« silent. 'Doseu't it seam strange and unreal to you too,' she went on, ' that you and I should be together here-you wish so much of your ambition fulfilled, and I with so much of my dream realized P And yet and yet- There's always a " yet" and a " but" and a " beyond." I don't know what makes me talk like this. I wonder I if it's a presentiment of evil or of good P lt seem* to me that every momout of this ' day Fate is coming1 nearer and nearer, to ihange our lives. See !'she. added sud- denly, pointing far down the corridor, where two figures were advancing, ' see ! It is Tdny.' * It was Tony. I saw that he was with á young member we both knew, whom he had probahly met and asked to bring him within the House. Something in Tony's air and look struck me at once. He seemed excited, and, when he saw ns, turn- ed abruptly from his companion and walked hurridly to Where we were stand- off . Why.Tony.'IexclaMned.41 was just going down to the outer lobby.' I * Oh, it's all right. ? I picked np Ma*au and got him to bring me along. -Look here, I B,aneom;l want them io como hoine/There's something important. I can't talk to Bere- nice in this place.' ' Berenice made a quick movement for- ward and- put ber hand on his arm. . Tell nie what it is, Tony,' she said quietly. * I knew that something was coining. I have felt it all day.' ' Something bas happened,' said Tony. Ho was greatly moved. 1 had never seen Tony look "as ho looked nbw. Where is Philippa P he said. 'We must go home.' . Tell me, Tony !' Berenice nrged. 'There is news from Australia. Some one ie dead ?' 'Some one is dead,' Tony repeated. ' Berenice gave a sort of shudder and a deep iridrawing of hor breath. She became so white, that tor .a moment, 1 thought she Was going1 tb faint. : But she recovered-Jierself, ami stood quite still, n.l asking another question. ' Just then a littl« stream of ladies came out nf the door leading to the gallery Among: them was Philippa Dell. I went np to hen ' 'Everybody seemed to think it wat tea-time, so I thought I'd come out too Let as go to the terrace,' tohe said. Then she exclaimed, ' Good gracious 1 What't the matter P They look as if a thunder- bolt had fallen.' ' There has been some bad news frere Australia,' I explained hurriedly, ' auc Tony wants to take hie-sister home.' 'Ah!'said Philippa, iw her decider little way. *-If it's the new« I should Uki to hear it wouMu't be bad news. Ton know vrhat that is, Mr. Rinsoin;' and she dre« me aside. Toll nie ie he dead-Berenice') husband P Of course I guessed that the« was a mystery, though 1 have been tole nothing; b'lt novelists have inti tiona. Oh, if Mr.'Florence, whoever hi may Le, has only been so obliging as ti take himself out of the world !' ' I felt t'»o blood snrging through me tu Miss Doll «poko, if this were Berenice' nv-flfage of d-diveranc«; ! But Bera 'nice- herself was at my side,-pale au< cdm. ! 'Go.u»\ Philippa,' 6he said. 'I an 8>rry to spoil your afternoon; but we mus £0 birnie.* ? The people from the gal'ery wer chattering and laughing;, aud filling dew: the corridor of the staircase. We joinei the line-Berenice audi walking'togetlipi but saying uot a word-aud went d-iw to the courtyard, where Lady Strange' heavy, old-fashioned carriage was waiting Miss.Dell spraug io. ' Berenice, lingering a moment, g;ivo in her hand. ' Good bye,* she said ; I wi write.' Her voice was very -low au strained, and her eyes met mine in a widt open, agitated look, as if she longed ~ t say more, but could not. She got int the carriage. ' Tony looked afc me, too, in a meanih] way a* she shook my hand. **Don bother yoursnlf, old chap,' he whigperec . It'll be alLright.' Then he followo Berenice, and the carriage drove off. ' What did it menu P I dared not let ra miud dwell.ou thc thought »f Berenice' deliverance. I told myself that il wa impossible-that such deliverances com in novels, but never in real lifo. I woul not let myself think. 1 talked fast. t tho fi'llowa I knew. I got Macan and witty Irish member I knew to dino wit me, aud we smoked ou tho terrace, au drank coffee aud liqueurs, aud rattled o unceasingly tillit was time for tue to hun home and dress for two or throe .parties < which I was engaged ; and after the partie I went to the Garrick and met -Brudene and' a number of actors, aud there wi supper, and more talking ; aud through i all Philippa's words rang like the refrai of a song over and over again,, till thc seemed to have no sense or meaning : ' ] he dead-Berenice's liuebaud {" ' It was morning when I got back i my rooms, aud I was tired aud dazed au slept heavily. Wheu my man woke mo in tho morning;, he br night me two tele- gram <, Thc fivgt whi"h I openad wsa-. from the ngunts of the steamar iu which .Binbian Jo was sailing, whom I had ask- ed to send me » lie mrlipst, news of the vessel : ' Steamar Australia expected at Plymouth Friday afternoon'-this was Tuesday-and the second telegram was from Berenice. It said only, ' Come to mo in the morning.' ' All th? way, ns I il rove to the City in the best-horsed hansom I could find, 1 kept fighting against that wild, joy giving conjecture. My heart was throbbing aud my pulses tingling.-l eonld hardly rmitrol my voic« as I asked tor B.-renitfo. I was shown, not inti the drawing room, but iuto a littlorooni going ol£ the stairs, wiiere there was an op m piano, and music scat tered about, and other signs of Berenice's occupation, lt was empty ; but 1 had not to wait long. Presently 1 heard a light foot-fall a>il the sweep of a dress, and Berenice caine into tho room. * She came quickly to me, and she held out both her bauds.1 This was an unusual piece of demonstrativeness on her part ; and it tilled me with a new throbbing oxnectation, that was not wonder. She was looking very pale, and'she had been shedding tears. * ' ' Berenice,' 'I exclaimed, ' yo:i havn news for me ; and oh, Berenice, if it is good news, w hy have you beenorying r" '?Oh, my friend,' she said in a low sweet tote which went to my very heart, * Ldo not know how to tell you what I feel ! I'he utmost longing of my life has beeu given to me, and yet 1 hardly dare to be happy. I hardly dare to let the.light of joy into my heart ! Oh, it, is terrible to have to ra joice over the death of an un- fortunate human creature ; it. is terrible to know that one did 'so long for his death-that one would have prayed for his death, if such a prayer were not. au insult to Heaven.' j 'Aud now a thrill of almost, painful j rapture shot all through my heart, as the j meaning of her word* bicame clear to me as the sunlight. Yes; her deliverance! had come. ' * Berenice !' I cried, ' it is true ? You are free, at last?' . ! * Yes ; I am free, she answered' faintly, with more of sadness than of triumph in i her voice ; 'I am free.' ' I woU understood her'feeling, and it had my deepest sympathy. She would not hp- ray Bàremee'if her herat were uot j filled with'pity and pain for the wretched man who had been her curse. If the very - fact that she had to wish for his death did not bring a pang with it now that ' he was dead, she could not be my Bore- : nice. * ' He is dead, Rick,' she said, looking up into my eyes, * aud 1 am free. We are free, B>i<*k. I knew it yesterday, when Tony spoke, before I had read the letter. You think I seem qepresbed, perhaps ; but jon will understand how I feel about it. You al ways do un ierstand me. Yes ; I sn longed for freedom ; and now I am free. But it is sad to think that in long- ing for HIV freedom I had to long for his death.' ' . ' ' ' ' May ha find pard ra,' I said, ' a-id a better life where he has erone. We, my Berenice, cm afford to fAvo for him now'"' * Ok'yes. from my very heart I- forgiva. him ; and I cou! i go and kneel at. his ! grave, and humble myself over it, and ask of my own soul how much fau't. of raine, or coldness of raine, or want of comrade sympatky there may have been in me, i which helped to Bend him on his unhappy way. But I shall never kneel at his grave,* Rick-unless we were to go out there, you and I, and make a sacred pilgrimage to it-you and L Bick,, toge! her. We might j do that. It might be a kind of expiation ] for any wrong of mine or-shortcoming of 1 mine-to him.' * There was aa iutense look in lier eyes, such as one might, expect to see in the eyes of some too sensitive and self-distressing saint; some saint who, out of her very saintliness, was tormenting herself by the thought, that she might have failed iu some duty pf her past life. Idou't know why the impulse came into my mind ; but I drew her to nih with one arm round her waist, and thou with] the other haud 1 closed lier eyes-"shut down the eyelids on them-and I kissed her eyelids, She rested on my bosom and did not move nuder my kisses. That was my first caress to her. That was the only kind of caress I allowed myself then. I entered so fully into ail her feelings that 1 thought at such a moment a lover's passionate èmbrace would be a profanation. Not on« . word liad been said about our barolin g husbaud and wife. Not a word was needed. Tiiat was understood between ns ; was a mai for of course. We loved each other, and now she was free. ' We wilt go to his grave, iny Berenice.' I said-1 did not yet venture to ;eall her by any names of passionate endearment, although I longed to pour out over her all the fond expressions of my strong love ' we will make a pilgrimage to his grave, if you wish. Is it far from here P Is it in England P 'Oh no,' she auswured, opening her eyes, aad looking up at me a liittle sur- prise!. 'Didn't I tell you? It is in Australia ; ont in the bush.' . A chill and poisoning sort of sensation passed through mp, like a deathly fura boding of something terrible about to happnu or to be told. Yet there surely seemed no reason for thought. ' You haven't tdd mo anything about it yet, my Berenice-only that yon are free and that he is dead.' 4 No ; my thoughts were all tov full of that. Yes ; ho is dead. The letter which Tony g-»t yesterday at the Agent General's told ns everything. It was from a länger; and iu it, were t!:e regular official certifi- cates. H;i has been-dead for sonia tima. His body was found in the bush ever so far np north- near the coast. Tho face Could not. boiudentified ; bat they knew his Clothes, which had the prison mark. And he was found at the foot of a gum tree, on which he had carved his name before he died-poor, po ir unfortunate !-and his story : 4 Gregory J. Florene'-his name was Gregory Toseph. Oh, Rick, I can't bear to think of it ! He had escaped over- board from the convict steamer when lie was being taken from one prison to an- other, and had got into the bush ; aud ho bade them take the news to his wife. Oh, Rick, Rick ! what a ghastly story ! Do you wunder if, for the moment, I t'e¿.l as if 1 daro not rejoice in my free- dom?' ! .* Oh, but what a different feeling was passing through ray tortured brain and heart ? Her husband's dead body bad bern found in tlie scrub, under a gum- tree, and on tho bark of that tree was carved tho man's name and story 1 He had escaped as he was being carried From one prison to another, and had got into the bush and perished there of thirst ! But this was exactly the stary told me by Binbian Jo ; only with the addition that Binbian Jo had clothed a dead body with his own clothes, and carved his own naine and his own tale on th« tree, in order that ho, Biubian Jo, might be thoup ht to 'have perished utterly, and that his wife might believe herself free. Gould there have been two escapes of convicts ; two. dèatliB under a gum-tree in, the scrub; two names and trvo tales carve'd on the bark P And oh, my God!-if there were'iibt twp such happenings] then Berenice is not free ; then her husband is not dead ; then her husbaud is not a mau to hate, but a mau to love ; for her husband is Binbian Jo! 41 stood there silent aud chilled to the very heart. I could not speak for the moment. Mr looks and my dumbnossalarm ed Berenice, aud she turned a wondering gaze on rae. - . My friend,' she said, * you seem fear- fully shocked at this ; and it is horrible.ls it not P But you sebm to turn away from me. You arenot shocked at the thought of tho wife of such au unhappy outcast the widow of such a death, being, the woman whom you lore aud who is to be yotir wife ? .The mere idea that leonid have been turuiug from her filled me with such agony of impatience, that I could not restrain ; any longer the revelation of the frightful ' doubt which was more and more taking possession of my saul. .Oh, Berenice-mf love ! my first and only love ! how shall I tell yon what is in my mind ? I must tell you ; I dare not keep j it back. There is hope"; there is yet some i lingering light of hope ; the thing that I fear may nit b3 trim.' . Berenice drew herself away from me aghast. ' Riek ! what arc you thinking pf P Yet. hope'-: Hope of what P The thing you fear P What do you fear ? What is happening to us P Do we not love each other? Are we not freeP' .Weare not free, I fear. Perhaps I am too rash ; perhaps my terror blinds me, sots me half crazy-my terror at the thought of losing you just aa I thought I was about to take you to my heart for ever.* .Losingme? The thought of losing me P What have I done-what have you done, that you should lose me P Oh, Rick, speak out and tell me P all at once- ; all-all ; the worst, tho worst ! Give it to nie.' . Berenice, it is not yet quite a certainty ; it is a doubt, but .a doubt with a black foreshadowing of truth. I fear you are not free.' . . What ? Don't you believe the law- yer's letter P But I have all the papers- the certificates. I have them upstairs. Let rac get them ; they will explain it all to yon.' ' It, is u it that, B9i'onice ; they tell the truth I'm sure. A dead body was found underra gum (we in the scrub about the time you are told of ; and it was clothed in tho clothes ' of a convict, who had escaped from the steamer whilo they were reineviug bim to another prison ; and on tho bark of a tree was carved the convict's name. All that is true.' 4 Well, if all that is true, why have auy doubt? But,oh, tell me'-and here a new alarm lighted in her eyes-' how do you como to know auylhiug about ur ' Because I met an escaped convict ia the scrub, and I gave him some water, for he was parching with thirst; and he told me that he had escaped ia that way ; and that he had wandered into the acrnb ; aud that he found a dead body lying under a gum-tree;, and that he put his own clothes on it, and carved his own name and his own story on the bark of tho gum- tree. And he told me he did all this because he wished to bo thoügüt <iert<it because he had been a bad hnrbaiid to his wife, aid he wished her to believe that she was free from him for efev. '*fhat is my cruel ¡¡tory. (Jan you doubt any mdre P Have you any hope left to give me P* ' Berenice's hands fell powerless afc lldtf sides ; her face was like that of a ghost ; the pal'id cheeks, tlu* livid light in the eyee-livid as that of the corpse candie burning on the midnight rocks. ' Oh, merciful Heaven,' she muruiered, . if this should be true !' ' If it should be true. Berenice, wo are the most unhappy man and woman on the earth.' ' Is that man living ?' she said, with a sudden fierceness in her voice aud manner \--'that escaped convict-tho mau who told yon the story P' ' He is living.* * Is his story trueP' * Oh yes ; I am sure his story is true.' ' You ku<»w his name P' .' Not his real name ; I never asked hin».' ' Bick, tell me. ' Do you really believe that he is my husbaud P' ' It is cruelly borne in upon me that he is.' ' Oh, Bick ! dear, dearest Bick !'' she exclaimed; aud she ran up to nw and fiting her arms round my neck, and gazed with heartrending appeal tuto my face. * Oh, take me away ! Don't leave nié to bim, if he is coming for me- coming to find me out. I'll go anywhere with you. I am not his wife in the eyes of Heaven ; he is nothing to me, except a horror and a shame. Take me away !' * Berenice, for God's sake, don't ask me!' ' 'What do I care,' she moaned, ' for what the world may say P Let them ' call it sin if they like ; what sin could be so great and so hateful as to liv© again with hiraP Buy him off, dearest';'pláy him anything ; give him all you have ; let us go away together and live anyhow. You must, Bick, you must'. Fou can't ïiye without me; I cant live without you. Come! Don't let any one know any- thing; my uucle, or-or eveu darling Tony, or any one. We must not lose a moment. Come, Bick, Come !' ' There was a wildness in her eyes and in the choking tones of her voice, whic'j gave me for the moment the appalling idea that her reason would pay the panalty for her having to hear the story of her tate and mine. I put my arm round her, and tried to still her with' soothing words. As if any words could soothe at such a time ! .Myown Berenice!' and even as I was speaking the words, a dart of cruel conscience went through me like a shooting pain : ' If what I believe is true, she is not my own. She never can be ; she is the wife of my best benefactor, of my dearest friend, of the noblest man alive.' ' She drew herself a little away. ' You will not let rae go with you ?' she said. ' You will leave me to this mau, and to his mercy ? You know about him. Tell me, is he coming-is he in England?' * He is coming : he is not yet in England ; but he does not know wno you are.' * Oh, then there is hope still.* 'No ; there is no hope. He is coming here ; he must find out-and I can't take - you away, Berenice. That would fee a crime I dare not commit. It isn't; -what the world would say of me-ay;oreven for what it would say of you, Berenice ; that wouldn't stop me for a moment. What should I care for that, if we were free to love each other P And it is not even for the moral wrong. I would risk that rather than give you back to a brute of a husband. It isn't all that.' 'Not all that ?' she said almost list- lessly, the fierce inner struggle having racked her strength away. ' No P Theu what is it P' ' The mau I believe to be your husbaud is my closest aud best friend, the best friend a mau ever had ; he is my comrade and my benefactor; aud, Berenice, listen he is changed indeed since those oil days. There it not in the world a gentler and a nobler creature. Oh, you will have to love him, whatever becomes of me. He is Bin- bian Jo. ' Oh, God, have "pity for me ! Oh, but what is the use ? Ho will not havo pity on me. He has no pity for me. If Goa had pity for me, Ho would not have made me happy first, to crush me with such misery after. I _ don't look to Heaven any more-see, Bick, I turn away from Heaven ; I turn to you. Look ! I throw myself on your mercy ! Don't leave me to this man ; take me with you. I couldn't live with him ; better any sin than that sin !' To be Continued. 