STRAY NOTES. By- Diogenes. Stray bits of humour throAvn into the monotonous proceedings of a court of law often serve to relieve and con centrate attention upon the proceed- ings. And in a hot climate Avhen the close atmosphere produces an almost insupportable drowsiness and langour, a harmless shot now and again may be condoned as adding in interest Avliile the dignity of the stern balance is not materially affected. There are those human compositions to Avhoni a joke and a pun are necessary attend ants upon every conversation or speech, the spice or flavoriug to the everyday " meal." A spice which being of good Avholesome flavor is appreciated by all concerned, And there are few men living who do not readily appreciate original humour, and whose risible faculties are not tickled by the sudden interpo sition of really racy wit. A letter the subject of an action dated the first of April Avould suggest associations even if not remarked upon. And when, during the recent proceedings a chain was produced in two parts, counsel naively asked for the " missing link." It was shown that the missing link was not present. It was elicited from a Avituess that in the northern part of this district that there is a house of which the " back is the front." Such an unusual phenomenon neces sarily provoked a smile, not to say an eager desire to visit it. An amount of annoyance would be natural to a wit ness who, after endeavouring to explain a matter and make out a case, is met with the simple, dignified reply from the judge " I give it up." At one period in the proceedings of the Court, on an application in the estate of G. D. Hilder being read or entered in the name of the Macleay Argus , it was stated that the applica tion was made from the books of the " dead Argus ". Someone raised his head and, with a sepulchral smile, murmured " Yes ; but his ghost walks still." This appeared to me to be a " visionary " wandering aAvay from the " subject " so I contented myself with ejaculating something under a hundred " eye ! eyes." In connection with a celebrated case the Court adjourned to a'ieAV the ground, and on resuming at a later period it Avas stated that the only quadruped or biped on the ground was a " clothes-horse." But perhaps the most perplexing subject for discussion and decision during that session was one relating to a shirt. And the point in dispute was as to whether a day- shirt Avorn at night was a " night shirt." It Avas left an open question, and I'll leave it so. 