NEIW DUILDING OF THE' YOUNO MIEN'S CIIIISTIAN ASSOCIATION. ON Friday nlternoon last tel foundation-.tono of tho building in course of roection iu Clilford- btrcot for the Gulburn Young Men'o Christian Association was laid by tihe lio. E. Vickery M.L.O., and the ceremony was nttended with much iuterest. The main features were riportcd in Satiulday's isane, but& a moro exteoded report in now seuljoinid. Thiis nittociation was formeli about thle., years agoe, aud a purtion of ono eu tllo protmiaes bel0oning to tihe ostalo elf the late Ioen. Joln Fraznr M.L.C. was lonsed for a period of three years, but dining tlh past year it was evident thnt larger premines wcto needed for carrying on tbo work of tio asseoiation, and it wa.e deoteoined to purchaso ai portion of ground and orect a building EuitRbl for its pIipupSea. Accordingly at a sale ofl a portion of time prer.'nrt hospital grounds in March last a lot with l46ft. frontago to Clifferd and 133 to Gannon-street was 7 purchasee d at £9 10/. per foot. Designs wern HOlIrtly afterwards invited by adver tisemenot and a premium of £10 10/. was offered fir tbo most eteitable designe. Vivo sets of plaun weorn sent in, and that of Mr. Hoery Laker, a sntudot of tho local technical school, was adopted. Tulndors wore then called for the arection of the building, aind the following wero accepted :--Mr. W. Holloway of Eastgrovo (:£803 0/6) for tho brickwoork and finunda tions; and Messrs. Linn and Smaill (1275 10/-) for tie finiasing trades. The furniahinig of the building has not yet been let. Tihe whole cost of tie land, building, and the furnishing of titelo camer in estimated at £3000. The erectiou of the building i under thie upervision of Mr. H. E. Hockey. Thu bui:dnmg will be of brick upon stone i foundatione, with a handsome oe eunt front and side eluvations. The design is in the composite elyle, chi, fly tRoman. Tho build ing will contaiu two fluoos. On tier groud e .t floor there will be a hall l ft. by 3 ift., with nu in- e liuned floor and rctiriheg roomes. This hall wilil bi I napablo of eoating 50) persouns. Amiple proviotn l is provided for egress in came of fire. Thern will c also be on this floor et reading-roomi and library, ia lmaller hall capabeo of seating 150, and lour rotuls for the use of tlhe c.retalikr. On tli top floor < there will be a lgyoinosiutm 40 ft. by 25 ft., sup- 1 plied with atll mnodern appliances for atlletinc exercises, anld the bouird of managemenrt hope P to obtain t the services of a computent instruntor. There will alsio be eon the naeme floor a 1 bteth - room with droosing - room attacled, it roiom for committte meetings and for socil inter- I course amongest the membetherL, and a room with all neete-room attached, which it in proposod to let ats a luodg-room. The building will bu at haudsome a ldi-. tion to tlho public edifices of tlhe city, and will without t deobt reflect credit upton thle yeoung arti.t who i preptred the plans and upon tlhe secool in which ho t received his training. It is expected to be completedt by December next, when it is proposeed to colebratee thei opening with a juvenile exhibition and flower show. At telo ceremony on Friday tlhore w0ro presoent i uponin a raised platform Mr. J. W. Wonmbly (presi dent of the association), tio Lord Bishop of p Gouilburn, thie Rov. A. T. Puddlicmnbe, Canols 1 Soaron and D'Arcy.Irviuo, the RIlv. W. M. Martyn a of Tarnlga, lthi lirv. A. M. Tait, thi Ivcr. A. J. Webb, thie Rev. W. Sparling, the Hun. E. V:ckery M.L.O., Mr. David Walker (tie gctncral secretary of I the Sydnuy nssociatiou), and Mr. J. H. Wdill?r of Sydney. A:molgntl the audience were Mrs. Thonlien, ? Mrs. Web!', Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Alexander, f Mr. F. 0 J. Curtis, IMr. C. nRgers, Aldrrmnan Hlawkint, Mrs. I Wombey, Mr. and Mrs. Bray, Dr. Gentle, Mr. W. I. I Riley, Mr. J. R. P. Walker, honorary PecrCtary of t tho association, and many others. Allogetherr betwerlo tihro and four hundred persons were eprj'sent. Theo crcmonny comine:ced with tihe singing of tlie hymln, Jesus s ell ,Reign wherc'er tio Suin doth its euccresiov Journeys run. Mr. Ibotert Lausdownu t pruideid at the hareemonium, and a ch,)ir of ladies and gentlcmen led the Hint'ig. Theo line. Canon - D'Arey-Irrino tlhen read thle 3d chipter eof I 0 Corintliinns, nd itil l Rev. W. tparling otfered prayer. The President said he was pleased to se so many frieende prosent and that the weather was favoerable for the coremony. At the request of tle comrmitte i he would give a history of the asaociation since ite inauguration till the prosnot timn :--Iu Aungast 1886 a meelting of tlhe vnarious Prutestint clergynmen and laymen was conrtveed by the Rev;. A. T. Puddi coemben to take into consideration tho desirability of forming a Y.M.C.A. in Goulburn. Alteor some die. cinusion it was decided to form a branch of tie 1 Sydney Y.M.C.A. Shortly aftorwnrds the inaugural I mceeting wan hold, when Mr. David Walker, general serrotary of the Sydney Y.M.C.A., was present and i fully explained the origin, niau, and mode of carrying n on irchte institutions. Addresses were also givre by Rov. A. T. Puddicombe, llov. G. Martin, Mr. W. Davies, and others, the result being the fonnation of thle branch ; Mr. W. Davies being elected tho first president, and a strong committeo fornmed to carry eone the work. The colmittee secured tihe promises we now occupy lit a rental ef £101i per anlluml, cone sisting of four romslll, ther front room being converted into a public hall holding ethoiut 150 prrsonB. Another room was iltted up for a library and readinfeg room. Then libLary conltatls abyute 5t00 volumes,e tile gift of liid friends. But afltr ta short time we feound that the eeconenodation was wholly inadequate for ngrcsoivo worki, nnd I believe tlht all eff?rt whlich bha for its oliject to better nmankind salould lbe aggressive. The firlt year alonut 100 public meetings walo held, with an aiteondl;rco f over 45r00. Thl mectings lnveo been cotlinued to the present time, aned in many instances goor d has been done. In con nention with the work i bibleo class, dovotionule metoings, &c.;, literary nnd debating club wenr formed. These efforts, with theo exception of the debating club, haven not been as successful as we couhl wish, but we trust wltn we get to our new building a more plosiporous state of aftlairs will exist in connectiou with these branches of our work. Iu April last the cuommitteo found that they could not entinfactorily carry on the work in the present prermise, and it resolved itself to this-either to abandon the work altogether, or build promises of our own. After due considoratiou a-d earuest prayer to God who guidoth all things, it wan decided to purchase land and build a hall. Shortly afterwards this site was puronhaed, plan of the building selected, and tenders nccepted. The total cost of land, building, and fittings, will be about £3000. With regard to the funds in hand and required, I tmay state we have no funde ; but we believe thot seflicient manmo will be forthctmoing because our object is good. Our aim is to cultivate in the yone g men of this city a trno Christian manihood, and being God's work it must prosper. The institution will be a meeting.ground foral denominnationsandl e rallying. plcee for all young men who cone to our city as strlangerg. Weo ave also provided for the physical wellire of young men111 by erecting a v.ry commn dious gymllnasin, for whlich we holpe to ongeago a cotmpotont instructor. We also contemplate securing a pieco of ground where our young men- may indulge in the Ihealthful games of football and cricket -if sonme kind friren oeld would give us a nsuitable pioan of ground we shoeleli fool very tltanklul ; it would greatly onltanco thie olliciemcy of tie institution. In conclusieon, weo nppenI to nel who have tlhe interest aned welfare of the youug men of this rising city to help us by their prayers anud practical sympathy. We appeal to thli fIthcer and mothers of the young men of this city to hIelp us, so that their sones may bt saved freom the temptations that surround their path. We upirial to the ministers for tlnir ir ifluenco and help at our religious meetilngp, fr we bclievo such institutions mould their chanraetir so tliat they inmy be eonobloed and becomo the fiundes of nation wlnro truth anrl righttter sneeo s slall prevail. (,iepl, lueee.) Ic cociclusion the re'sideit thanked ot be ltr f of the association Mr. Vickeey for hist titecems in cominteg from Sydney to lay ilth fIulinidatiolt.stoteei of hiir lhall; also tho bishop anud clergy tor tilmeir synm pathy oud presence, anud to Mr. 1D. Walkr, i, ge:ne? secretary of tihe Sydney Y.M.C.A., nid Mr. J. t1. WTlker of Sydney brother of tllir ientI, r tic secrtrltry (Mr. J. E. P. Walktur), for their re'rcesre,. Thoe Prosidnet thlrn, on bha'f eef the Go(ou!blrn Y.M.O.A., presented Mr. Vickely with a trowel and mallet to perform tihe ceremony of laying lithe toue. The trowel was of silver with an ivory hitendle and the mallet was of myall. The frnormer was etlosed in a neat casket and bore the following ieclipio- : -"Presented to the Hon. E. Viciory M.L.C., on tl o occasion of his layirg limo foulndnltin-.toeuo of t li buildiug of the Youug Moun'as C irirtiaee Assoecit ou, Mr. Vickery said be necreptld thi trowel and nm.lh.t witlh vory meart ratlituc., Ilo did eut know wIe y e tler ascilrtioe hlat id p id hiti tet honour of inoviting himn t.) pferlorm time ceremony, but they having deone so tIte c llue witlh v.ry great plimanFtree. Tau Pr?csaidet t said lhe had forgottan to mcntie n thait Mt> Vckery saoo cnuuea for tho fositiua. becaueio of his connection with thie Sydney associa tion, of which the Goulbur asseociation was a breech. Mr. Vickery then laid tihe flune, declaring it to be lid int thle namel Godf tolthFather, old the Soe, end lGod the loly G(host. Three lhearty cheers were thou given for the Goiburn Y.M.C.A. Mr. Vickery thou ascendciel the platfornm nd de livered the following addrnss:--We have laid the corner-s?tone of a bilding to Ibe erected and dedi. cared to the hloour and glory of God, anod for the special ulie and bIecefit of young meo, to help them as members of this cemmueity to bltcomo what in their own bee t interests they nought to Iceolno, and to do for others whatl they saall he called upon to do. This buioiding will ie a loneument of Christian mon's love for youog men iwho perohanco may be less favourahbly oircumstanced then themselvep, and will he iused as a cpntre of Y.MI.C.A. work. I am ihappy at e thught tio hat aomog che t maiy good buildiigs in Goltharli there will iso oooi be one knIown e the Y.M.C.A.--a home and plaea of safety for young man, ad enpccially for stralngore in tie city. By the ocentio el this huildiig you youig inen of Goul binre avow cod proC!aim to tie world your belio( in the hifle, in Christ the naviour of mne, who it the aubchfnco and emhfodimaeut of tihe biblei. On an occasiicl like this it will not ihe inapproplriatr to in quire-Whatis n Christian yoiiig man? What aroe Yiiuiig Men's Chritinu asnsociatioos ? Are they needed? What areo their aimn andi objects ? What is our duty twordsi them? First thun, a Christian young nlU is onei who attenclds to ie kiildl odmonition of parelnte and teanchers ; who walkts nolt in tohe counsel of thie ungodily; stands inot in the wany of sinners; sits cot in the seCat of the sneOrnfl; aon who do lighto in tle law of the Lird; takes the bible as his ilstrucetor and guido; takes upon himself tile yoke niid si rvice if Jeisse Christ; enlists s his snoldiCer to light the battle of lifo in tle lighit of Christinoity nid up.in Christian principlon ; nod oune who devotes ecnergy, anl timi, and money for tihe good of hiis fellrw-man.. In my opinion to be a Christian young man, a true servaunt of Chlrist, is to be the graindedt nd noblest thing iu the world, IufidUls anud soeptics c?nnot answeir tie pure life if an noroneot Chrilstin yonuog mann. Secoud, What are Y.M.O.A.'e, and what are thley not ? They are heundmaids and not rivwls of thie churches. Thecy are natiounal ad nut do namioatilonal iistitutions; Chlristion and not sec. tarian. They are unioiists and iot separatitet. In elhort they are societie fuanded upon the Necw Toetna. moeut, composed of Christian young men united anud btnded tligether for nmutual eclification, counsel, and help. They aore bands of Christian workersr from all Protoestant douominations, united to prevent other yyoung ocun from being drawn away into tho vortux of cvil companionships and sinful lives; to prevent tihem enteriig upon .tle downwaord path lwhich results in brolken constitutions, diseasiced Iedie., nerly deatlis, and lost souls. The time is past for tdefending thie nslablisthmennt of Y.M.C.A's. They ihave ospread from Eglnnd far and wide over America, Europe, Asin, Africa, Australia, and Japan, cntil they now number about 4000 dif feroent associations. But are they coneeded ? Yes, undoubtedly theoy are greatly needed. Becanuso the devil and his agents provide and equip oijectionablo places of amusement and places olf evil resort. Anud hi people are active and energetic in hicgiling and alluring yoeng tne to their destructlin. Hloudreds of young men having left home to enter upon the serious business of life, yield to the temptaticns presented to themn by those attlractions. They throw off parental tecehing and restraint-tako tle intoli catiug cup, liston to the fasciunoting but deadly voice of the siren, give tile reins to their lusts, until by continuous sinful indulgences they lose their will ipower anud cannot draw back. Thou, being led cap tire by the devil at his will, they sink lower aund Ilower, dragginug down and corrupting others, until cwiti diseased and corrupted bodies, debased minds, and ruined srioln, they drop into early graves. Cou sult the deathC.r.cl and you will te appalled to find lhow many young mwn die, not ihaving lived out half their days. See these misoerablo victims of drink and Ilst walkting our streets, freqcuenting our parks -dieascned wrecks, beacons and warnings to otiher of tlce consequences of sin. They lnhave erlxhanusted their lives for that wchich suatisfiotlh not, nndt their nlocoy for that which is not briad, ond now have to osuftfer from the poison end sting of the serpent. Y.M.C.A's. are needed as counter-attractious and preventativen. It is by the combined and united efforts of such Christiau young men as I have des. cribed-assisted by others- these institutions are built and establisled for the special welfare of young men. They opirate among other ways by setting their membersr to seek out thie strangers and friend loss youths whio come to the towns; tlhey take them by the hand to sympathise with and direct them to respectablolodgings. They are invited I to e asso cintion rooms, and meetings, where they may rest and read, and hive the advantngs of good company and innocent amusements. The assoeciatiois pro. vide for their members libraries, reading-rooms, com corts, lectures, social gethcrings, acd opportunitiies for wholesome recreation. Now what is the duty of tile public towards aucl institutions ? 1 voenture to say it is their duty to support acd sympathise with them. On the ground of self.internlst, business men and employers should ncocourage and support them. As fatherA aud brothers and sons, a citizensi and philanthropists, you shaould support thieil. I will addt that Obristians of all denominatiolns unite nvid join in this wnik. Here tice wall of partition be twveen the sefts is brolken down, and wn meet upon onie common platform, under tile banner of our one ifMaster-the Lord Jesus Christ. Here we present a uuitied front to thie general enemy-our littl sectarian differences vanish into thiu air. nud lholding out to oneo nothfer the loving, brotherly right Ihand of fol lowship, we lot men know that we one and all are disciplesi of Cllrist. A kind word to thle worliers and sioigers. Seo tlhat your motives mire pure and Chrintlike. Avoid self-importnctei and self-.seeking. Work for thle approbation of tlIe blesscd MasIter. If you sing--an d we caonnot do without singers-eing for Junius. The work is not only intellectual and lphysiceal, but also spiritual; thrrefore you need to srck for Divine help. MIy sympathies are with you in this work--I shall watch your progress with in terect. Great pntience and prudence, great persever. ance and liberality, will have to be nluifested by your board of management. My prayer to God for you is tlhant His blessing may attend your labour., ntd that this association may be made au abundant blessing to tmhe present and future young men of Goulburn. (Applause.) A collection wasn then made. The Presidentread a letter from the Mayor (Mr. H. S. Gannon) expressing regret that he was unable to be present at tile cere mony as his professional engagements had called him awcy to tbo Braidwoued quarter.sessions, and onelon ing n chequen for £1 1/. Tile President said'the committee were desirous of raising £500 by the time the building nwas completed, and that contributoro could have a period of five yoers to rextend their pro mnises over. Forms ill thie shape of promissory uotoIs were distributed ncd nmany of these worae returned filled up for various sums. The President in calling upon tile Lord Bishop of Goulhurn to deliver the Dedicatory Address, ex pressed thie pleasure it was to them all to see hi, lhrdship's hIealthl improved and to see him lookiing 0o well; ncd they hoped heu would be spared for many years to labour for his Master. The Bishop, after oxpreseing Ihis pleasure at being present, said : I lhave been requested to give a Dedicen tory Address on this auspicious ocasion. The pro ceedings commenced with prayer in tile rooms of the Y.M.O.A. Assooiatiou and again at the stone. Lot us ever begin, continue, and end all our doings with prayer to God for His presence and blessing I nWe may then expect success in our undertakiugs. It is, I trust, all omen forgood that our friend who has kindly come from Iohead-quarltrs to lay the stone is named " Ebonezer." Tilhe promoters of the present designu cn, I believe, truly say "hitherto hath tlhe Lord heulped us." I devoutly trust and pray that thli new bhutlilffig mny be instruuncueica in promoting thie glecy of God cinch tCu wellfre of thin yuug ; that nall thie oflficers nud miembers may be encoraoged in thie good wcork by soteeing abundant growth cnd con titiioos prosperity, nud tlhat thie youog mon of Goubuurn may be patterns of all that is virtuous and holy anl good and Ise-,ful, and becume fellow-w.rkeors with us ill rnclaimuiog the wanideieTrs anId nrescuig tlcl dissoluie from a life of nlisery and unsclsnees.o. Touc tirnt idha of the Y.Mo.?.A. wans started in clildoI bhtween forly cid fifty years ego by that nod'd Clriotian umcn Mr. Georgc Willinams of St. Paul' Churcnhyard. Frimn n very hcumblo hiegilning it bhc boeen i.xpavInidedO in Great Britain and the coloiees, in the United Statn, GermanUy, thie Notherlands, AS., until et present the number oh f assouc'nations is at least 41000. At anu iteruiiational couner tieo.: in I.,,lin fur cor li tlv y. ls ano, i0 l.ss thian l10 dolgatetc from nixtet.on CeuItriCes assenlho etd t m pro tiuce thlu interests of cIci a, soiation em a grn tly hutd I theor huk bocin ipingiccnteid. And nwhit is thi b-ids? iwhat Ite ilcilclcs, iwhich uIlcrlio this vac-t ntren. tuhe ? The bavi, drulwn up at c contoreioc Ien P'ris iu 1855, dcltures that Il.s Y~..M.O.A. " eeksf to unite thuose young Imeu who), regladiing tie L crl Jesus Chrint as their Qud and Saviour acutrding to the Iholy scriptores, desiro to be His disciples in their doctrion and in their lifo, nod to associate their efforts for the extension of His kingdom among mon." But while tile basis is distinctly a religious oue, the easocitionl ains at tho physical and mental develop. Iment of the young, and secks to surround them willth suc iefluences as shall erveo to form correct habtits of life and to create a strong s.mltetrienal Chlistian character. It invites young men to make uee of tile reading-room and the library - to attend lectures on interesting anid instructive subjects--to meet together for mutual improvement in tile discusosion of literary and popular topics--to attend bible classes, singing clases, meetings for prayer, &C.; In short, it looks after thle religious, moral, social, and intellectual welfare of youtg men, and oudeavours to enrol them inl various ways ano Christian workers for the good of all withiu their reich, specially among those who live outsidel tise ilnfluece of tte variouts church nrganisations. It is of coorsan import'at and neces sary so to arrange tile applincese of the asso ciation that they shall not interfere willth to cus tomury services of existiog Cilristinu bodies; to encourage all to attetd public worship according to their faith ineir ii ir own o stnemblies ; to ikeepIholy the Lhord'e Day, renlmhembering the' lines of tto great chief. justice, Sir Mattthew Hal- A Sabbath well spent Brings a w:ek of conltCnt. It conclusain may I offer a word of advice to young mne --COlitivate truthfulness and hnonesty ill all your dealings witlh God and man ; cultivate habits of sobriety and temporance; cultivate purity of hIeart and lifo; cultivnate a misnisionary spirit ned a love of reading. Be careful int your selection of books, study the word of God pre-emninently end booklts of Chris tian lcharacter and usefulness. History. biography, science-not that sciouce falsely so called which pretends to knowledge but lives on mere guesses and conjectures. Avoid bad boolts-avoid bad com panions-avoid had places-avoid late hIoura--nvoid bad language. Be respectful to your elders and to women; sehw sympathy with the offlicted and the distressed; bh obedient to parents andt those who are over you; be court'ue to alli To the promoters I would say, God's helpilg band lhas bhen with you in the past-look forward with confidence to His en larged assistance in your new home. (Applause.) Tile Rtv. A.J. Webb followed. He said: Trle thought uppermost in my mind just now in cooncetion with ti Young Men's Christian Asnsociation of thIis city is their audacity. Takting into consideration the smallness of the association, the paucity of their moneyed supporters, and thie large susn (£e3000) that tiley propose to expend on their new enterprise, I can only regard thie committee as being singularly auda cious. Iurely a part of the spirit of Danton, one of the boat of the Frenchl revolutionists, must have entered into them-the spirit of tbil man whoss mnotto was l'audace, l'audace, l'anltdace, et toutjours l'audalce I Well, wholthelr this particular audacity of the Young Iten's Christian Association is to bring its own punishment or its own reward will rest with the people of Gonuibuh and the county of Argyle. But I must cosfess, apart from what the issue may be, to a secret admiration for audacity, and a great and open admiration for audacity, when displayed in a good ause, and towards a Inudable and. And I told this view, that it is worse than useless to do thiungs by ltlves; and that if audacity is to bh the order of the day, be out-aud-out in the matter, and very thoroughly audacious. As I said to some peoplu a couple of monthls agno, "you have all gone mad, and tile only tlhing nowu is to be stark staring mad, and go right tlnroughi with it full steam ahlead; for it is sit use bneing half mad." To those who Ihave had the temerity to initiate this undertaking I would say, keep up the same spirit, maintlain unflagging the audacity with which you have begun, atnd remember the name of a railway station on tile western lino- Nevertire. And now I repeat that it rests with the general public of this locality to crown this bold enterprise with delightful success, or to allow it to dronw in the sea of troublets which debt brings on an institution. Will the lovers of ltheir city and the friends of their kIind saunter idly and lot such an attempt as this perish in failure?--au institution which will be one of the ornaments of this Geutburnu that, like some young men, is growing handsuomer every year; an institation which will be a power for morality and a fosterer of those manly virtues whlich mako a municipality aud ke,,p society in pure fresh health; an institution which affords a broad and common platform for people of all CChristian creeds and the ministers and office-borers of thie different churches,, titus tentding to break up the pharisaic spirit of exclusiveness, and to bring earnest people who are aimiing at a cummon end into better ac quaintsnce, and therefore into greater harmony. I say, asi institutition such as this, will thie wealthy piosple oi Argyle and tile less opulent citizens sI Goulburn allow to drown before their eyes, or will they carry it buoyantly over " the waves of this troublesome world?" This is a problem that I leave with you for your further consideration. (Applause.) Thie hymn All HIail the Power of Jesu's Name was then sung. Isr. A. Launsdowsn proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Vickery, Mr. D. Walker, the Bishop, and tho clergy. He said that whoen thoy considered tihe largo sums which Ihaud booeen raised for less worthy objects in Goulburn, there ought to be no dillfficulty in obtaining the £3000, the estimated amount wanted to leav teIonthat building out of debt. IMr. H. Neslsitt seconded tile vote anid eupporled theio claims that the association had upon tihe public. Before putting the vote tile chairman anunounced that they had attained their object of hnaving £200 subscribed. Tie vote of tilanlks wa.s thou put, as was also one to thie chairmnn. The band of thie Salvation Army were present and during thie proceedings they played several sacred selections. Cheels were given for tile banud, nd it was nunouuced thttt Major fHoskins, the oficer in charge of the southern division of the Salvation Army, would Inhave boon present if he had not been absent from Gotlburn. Thle Doxology was sung. Canton D'Arcy-Irvneic then pronounced tho Benediction, and the mosoting terminated. PUBINC MIGETING. In tile evening a public meeting was held in Trinity Praebyt-erian church-hall, and was attended by about three htIindred jpersoes. Mr. Womboy presided, tnd utpon thle platform were tihe Rvse. A. T.. Puddicombe, Oanon Sosres, W. hi. hMartyn, A. MI. Tait, A.J. Webb, W. Sparling, the Hoe. E. Vicklsry Ml.L.O., and JIr. D. Wlkser. After devotional exercises, the Chairmanu said hie felt gratified swith tile success which Ihad attbuded that day's proceediltgs and tile liberal response that the public had given to the appeal of the committee. It would encourago them to put forth greater onergy in tbho future. IHe never had any doubt of success. The asstociation was a graud institution, and de served the nassistauce of every living creature. (Ap pltuse.) The choir of thi Wesleyan church sang the anthem Oh Lord, my God. The Chairman said the spanker he was now going to call upon was the funosder of the Boulburn Y.M.C.A. It was MIr. Puddicombe who called togethoer ths meeting which first started thie naeso ciation. (Applause.) The Bev. A. T. Pudtdicombo said he had not given muchl attention to the work of tbo association, butI lhe hopted to give Inmore in th future. Ho piresumned that the object of that day's proceedings was not so much to attract yonug meo as to awaken an interest amonsg the Christian publio in thie aims of the association. To enlist this symplathy-he might add thie sympathy of any whlo Ihad a hiart -it was only necessary to study tihe object of the association- to beneflit young men. The populnstion of Goulburn was elistmatd at 12,000, and young mien generally formed one-tenthtl of Ihe population; thlerofre thlere were about 1000 ysoung men iu Goullsuru. What will bh their futtre ? If their minds and lsarts are directed in thie fprpor clhanel ithely will fill the varihos lhonolabl, etatintis in lifet for which they are fitted, but if this Itn not thie casn tbey will become a blot upon thlis fair laud; they will be found amotg publio- houeo loauigers, etreet- lofores, womans insutters, bargeire, and tocsopatts of jails. Cots oidcriog this, tcould nasy no belt intt.fferent sabout the pait whsch yv'uts min s ill take ? I' wts the s'bjoet of thi Y.M.C.A. to direst younag men into the proper peth and asist themt to walki thereiln, and it was tire boutndn dIuty of all theeos whto wishatd this Ifair land to prosper to supp:prt tihe association it its work. Agais, ose of the smait fceatures of the association was to ioflunoete young met by young men. This has not b',so donte so Iesshb it the I)ast s they lhoptsd it wou'd hie ill tihe Inltre. Every yssunng mall shoulht have an interest in th l wstellre of the young men of thie city, and hie h ipld the crectiosi of the new build. ing wtohld hae, the effrct of causing allI youtg men ill the city t, tsakt an entoroet in one ianotserit-tlnst Ith.sn h1il sd stite bensts'it of a good eduetioUI would nst etssstl stIteo ftrott t'loso whtss htdt been less for tunatl. ThI I tiatig wlieh assistsd in traming tie life of a yeutoglman w, at the ianner in which he spuent hle ovnuiu~. Thtre were many young muen who lived in lodgings, or had homes in which they could not obtain the social recreation that every young man requires. They were driven to seek it elsewhere; and one great object of the association was to find young mote a rcndezvousn, where they can have rational eoujoyment and meet with other young men. He was gratified at ti.o success that had attended tile asnscialtian in thie past, and theoy must thank God and talo cmurage for the future. The committeo had shown themselves to be in earnoest by undertaking the erection of thle new building without any funds in hand, and those who took no interest in the young men must aid them. (Applause.) A hymn was hero sung by tice assemblage. The lev. Canon Soares said it was always plasant to rejoice with thlose who rejoice, and he must con gratulate thie committee on the success that had attended their effort that day. It was what they doaserveo:l, becansa their obljects were the elevation of mac and thie glorification of God. Thu enad of man's existence is to glorify God by seeking his own salva tion, first and then to become desirous about tihe salvation of others. God could ihav overcome evil by His own power, but he graciously permits mau by giving him a free will to work with Him in tihe salvation of tle wrldl. This truthl is certainly not realised as it should be. If they tooka the typical young man in Goulburn they would find him concerned only in Ihow he could wasto time. He might be a giant in stature, but Ihe was a pigmy in mind. He know nothing about the natural sciences, of any of the olegies, of histlory, or of the book with which he ought to be familiar, the bible. His spiritual nature lay dormant. It was necessary that nau effort shoulld be put forthl to elevate young men and to cause them to consider for what purpose tlhey were in thie world, and thlis was tile object of Ithe Y.M.C.A. It deserved the hlelp, support, and sympathy of all. It was a feeder ta tile churclhes. He was thankful to say tiat there were some young men awho realised they had a workl to do, and he was glad that it was tice plan of a young man whlich had been adopted for the now building. He (Canon oares) had watched tile career of that young man and kInew him to be steady and conscientious, and ondonavouring to make use of every opportunity to improve his mind. Hn believed he had a bright future before him and would yet maho his mark in the world. (Applauso.) Mr. David WaTlker (wnho was received with loud applause) said there was onn word running through the proceedings, and that was enthusiasm. He felt that the y'nouung men wore in earasat. The Y.M.O.A. was essentially the movement of this century. No other had met with the success it had done. It originated in London in the year 1810, and had opread so rapidly that he did not know the country without a Y.M.C.A. Though he did not find fault with what some of the preceding speakers had said, still he did not feel so hard against young men as some did. The wonder with him, Iuknowing tice temptations they have, was not that so many young men fall; but that so many escape. He was pleased to be present and to take part in the proonedings in connection with the laying of the stone of another Y.M.C.A. hall. Mr. Walker then proceeded to give an account of his recent tripto Europe and Amerinca, during which he took part in a Y.M.C.A. conference of 659 represouentatives from seventy nationalities, held in lStockholm, Sweden. Ha described tihe great strides that thie associations are malkiog throLughout America and the large amount of support they receive from the wealthy part of the commuuity; and gave some interesting particulars of his visit to various branches where lhe gave addresses. He said the asnociation was not antagonisti o t tebo churhos. Iut took up work which they coulid not accomplish. From its constitution, the officers being nactive members of various churches, it was impossible for it to become a separate nect. It prepared yocng men to take thelair positions in thie churlch. Duriong his visit ho had mot many a motheranxioaus to clasp the hand of the secretary who had attended to the last resting-place at Rookwonod tice remains of a darling son and placed a wreath upon the comu, talking a leaf to enclose in the lotter cent to that mnother con taining the sad news. They did not wish to have only the goody-goody young men, but the doors of the nassociation were open to ail well-conducted young men. Another feature of the work lately taken up was the establishment of a training institute in which young men woere prepared for the position of secretaries of the assouiations, aud a large building in America was devoted to that work. Mr. Walkeur concluded by speaking upon tihe topio of finances, aud urged the business men of tice city to suppnlport the committee in tlheir undertaking upon thie ground that tile young moan wore maide conscientionas Iy tihe teachling tlhey received from thie association and therefore gave theoir masters better wnok. Tie choir sang the authlem, Sing unto the Lord; aud a collection was thnou made. Tile Rfv. W. Martyn said he was a living testi mony of the benefits derivable from the work of a Y.M.C.A. He was thanklful that in such an associa tion country ministers could find a place whero they could direct their young mcn, to go when leaov ing home for tice city, without the fear that they would be led astray. He was sure that i tihe com mitteo exercised faitll they would find money folth coming to relieve thleomrof their liabilities. (Applause.) Tie teov. A. M. Tait oxpressed the pleasure it was to him to sco the grand, results of that day's piroceediags, and lie had no doubt tlhat with tice exerci o of fai th th same success woNulid attlnd tOhe committeoo's efforts in the future. Great credit was due to the young men eougagned in the worik at present, mobo especially MrI. Walker the secretary. (Applanuse.) Thebo ov. W. Sparliug said hIe hIoped that the work which had been so auspiciously beguc would be crowned with great success. (Appinause.) Mr. H. Nesbitt proposed a vote of tlhanuks to tihe Wesleyan choir, and to tice trulcoes of tho Trinity Pre ebytrinn church- hall for thie rle use of the hall. Mr. J. E. P. Walker scondcd thie resolution, anud exprescd his assurance that tile association would prosper, becausce it was mnl aged upon business principles without snacrificing one iota of the Christian principles which surround it. (Applause.) Tie vote was carried by acclamation. A vote of tlhanke was passed to the chairman, and tile meeting concluded with the Doxology and the Bonediction. On Sunday afternoon iMr. David Walker gave au address to men only in the hall of the mechanics' institute uponn Personal Purity. There was a large attendance. Thie proceedings com monced withl devotional csercioses. Mr. Walker then spolke for anbot au lhour u?onu tile sad results that arise from leading an impure life, and besought of the young men preseut to be clhaste if tohey desired to become strong and healthly. He enlorced his remarks by several iustnuces in which consti tutious and prospects for life had been ruined by immnornl practices. The procecedicgs concluded with singing and prayer. In thie evening a well- attended evangolistiu service was held in thie name hall, and addresses were do livered by IMr. D. Walker and olthers. 