THE OZXIBXNIAL MAGAZINE We have received the December number of the CMS lenmal Magamte. It is issued as a special holiday number, but the average interest of its contents is not up to that of some that have gone before. This issue opens with some appropriately simple and pleasant verse called "to Child-land," by Gilbert Parker. There are three poems. " Rafe Ridall " and " Jean " are pretty ators., and The Children" is a charming morceau, from which we may extract these picturesque scenes :- . O, the mountain heights of childhood. And the waterfalls O' dreams, i And the a seeping in the shadows ' Of the willows ey the at earner, 1 < Toteybor generates hath-, my ehttaXn, Back in waves; of the wind I ' ' ' HSsh the- starlight 'neath your syeftiW ,Prcuath»«eAlight Oítneihtnai i r Bee, won strain you to our bosoms. off And we kiss you, lip and brow; Human beans must save some Idols, And we shrine you idol now. , These verses are accompanied by tasteful vignette flltutrstiotfsr A story called "the Castaway of the Barrier,!' by David G Falk, makes fawn good use of the evade from New Caledonia for the story-tellers purpose. The tale carries three or four iiltMretions, acid is not without lUfeWsi. The same may be said of " Mordeeaig," by B. Mayhew Brissenden. " Melbourne in the Fifties " is a sketch v James Smith, full of interesting reminiscences Speaking of some of the old theatre "where Catherine Hayes transmuted her silvery notes into gold, and Gustavus Vaughan Brooks thrills! enthusiastic audi ences with his Lear, 8rryIocfcJ, and Othello," this writer goes on to venture an opinion that the audiences were more can heal and the performances much finer in those days than now " The former were composed of men and women who had seen the greatest actors and actresses in all parts of the world, and this made them exigent. The scenery and the stage appointments have since been excelled, but the acting and singing have not been approached r I mean in regard to the canINe. The paper as a whole is a very read- able one, and some views of old Melbourne add to its interest "One Alone" is a sketch marked with the stamp of a certain delicate fancy, by Edith Lamb " The Church and Modern Thought," by H. L Jackson, M. A. , is a reply to an article in a recent article dealing with " lrtisan-Scepticr«<tt and Empty Churches " It reads like a sermon in perth, and elsewhere it contains passages like this.-"Itmay not, I think, be said of the clergy that they are, as a body, distinguished for much else than zeal and piety ; In point of education and intellectual power there, is much to be desired " in Mr. Jackson's opinion the Church's inaction of promoting the moral and spiritual Welfare of the people is being fulfilled inadequately, and its organisation is in many respects inadequate to provide needs " nevermore," Rolf Bol arewode't story, will continued, the interest being well maintained as usual. " Australian Ghosts," by W O. Hodgkinson, tells again the old story of an unconven-' tions! duchess and a guardsman" in the Australian Bush, their dramatic recognition, and, of course; their train death. "The Shepherd'»Btesping," by Ed" Australis " Herbs, is an illustrated story for children. We. Layfrs raitt F 0, Bowls «mlributeapaper on " The Art of Wooing," and a Story called " My Wife" is contributed by Mrs. Percy R Moggy, There is a good deal of verse in this number, but the contributions of this kind are very uneven in point of rain. There is something respecting Apollo," for instance, which describes how on -J- Sundays it was worst of all. For all the crowd turned out, And solemn and slum grim-featured and dumb Psfeaea slowly about These proceedings to work on the feelings of the sentient merely that presently we get this sorry Stuff " O, Signer, Signor," sighed the) god, .. VVLv did you chisel me ( A Statesman of note in a long; frock coat, Much better for then would be. O, fSod Bishop Heber I think of you, And your HOT day on Ceylon a-isle, For every prospect pleases here, And only man is vile >' it is presumably the writer's modesty only that ex- cludes his verse from the sentiment of this last line. " Suspense," by Francis Tyrrel Gill, is immeasurably better, as might be expected by those who) have read previous works from the same pen "Love and Ambition," too, Wy "E J". T," has merit, which is not at all lessened by the fact that the structure of the verse is exceedingly simple " A Bunch of Flowers," by Everard Digby, is such verse as might be written for a lady's album, but scarcely worth the space that is given, out here. " The Praying Mantis" is a page of verse by Louisa A. Meredith, showing good form and style in every line. "Love end Sympathy," by Howard-C OoghUin, f*4 pretty bit of verse, with music in it, The number rate a whole is freely illustrated, the frontispiece being an engraving by Mr George" ColtldgrMw of the windows designed by M, Luofet» Henry for the new Centennial Hall, showing a figure, of New South Wales with trident and lantern, in a border of waratahs leaf and flower. 