Caifrfllix IiTftllityettte. VICTORIA. AECHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. DATS OF FAST AND ABSTINENCE Next Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday (the 18th, 20th, and 21st inst.) being Ember Days will be days of fast and! abstinence. DAT OF DEVOTION. Next Saturday being the Feast of St. Matthew, apostle, will be a day of devotion. THE HOLT LEAGUE OF THE CH08S. In the list of rules which has recently been compiled for the use of the members of the Holy League each branch is particularly recommended to have banner of the Association, which should be displayed at all devotions of the League. In order to procure this, and someother necessaryrequisites. the^ South Melbourne branch have decided to hold a concert on next Monday evening in the local schoolroom. The Very Eev. Dean O'Drisool will preside, and, as the object is a worthy one, there will no doubt be a large attendance. On Sunday evening last the usual monthly enrolment of members took place throughout the archdiocese. At the Cathedral the Archbishop preached and administered the pledge to a large number. To- morrow (Sunday) a general communion of all the members of the Association in the archdiocese will take place. THE NATIVITT OF THE B.V.M. Last Sunday, being the feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin, was celebrated with due solemnity in the various churches of the city and suburbs. At the Cathedral tbe Children of Mary approached Holy Communion in a body at the eight o'clock Mass, and in the evening a procession of the members of the confraternity marched through the Cathedral grounds. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was afterwards given by the Eev. Dr. Graeber. SISTEES OF CHABITT. Owing to the increased attendance at St. Patrick's schools since the arrival of the Sisters of Charity, it has been found necessary to increase the teaching staff. For this purpose four additional Sisters have recently arrived from Sydney, and are now engaged at the schools in Victoria-parade. The Mother-General of the Australian province of the' order accompanied the nuns to Melbourne, and remained for a short time in this city. In order to provide the accommodation which is necessary for the increasing number of children attending the school an art. union has; been organised, which •wjill •be drawn in the beginning of next month. It is particularly desired that the holders of books'would sell the tickets as 'soon as possible, and return the blocks before the end of this month. THE BEDEMPTOBIBT FATHERS. The week's renewal of the mission conducted by.Frs. Halson, C.SS.R, and O'Neill, C.SS.B.,at St. Monica's Church, Essendon,. was brought ,to a close on Sunday night, when the closing sermon Was preached by the Very Eev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.E. During the week St. Monica's was attended daily by a large number of people, and the two Fathers were constantly engaged in the confessionals. At ,'the eleven o'clock Mass at St. Brendan's, Flemington, last Sunday,.the Fathers opened a renewal, which is being very well attended. The mission will be brought to a close on Sunday evening. sr. JOSEPH'S, POBT MELBOUBNE. On the evening of Monday, 9th September, a ooncert 'was given on the occasion of the opening of the new School Hall, fort Melbourne. As to the hall itself, Prior Butler, the architect (Mr. Henderson), the contractors (Messrs. Diibbledan and Austin), and, in fact, all concerned in the building, may be congratulated on the handsome and commodious Structure that they have added to fort Melbourne. One point, which attracted:ithe (attention of every, ne, was the,.pretty, ceiling, artistically anelled in kauri pine, The concert was complete success.' The hall was filled o overflowing with an'appreciative audince, who" relished the numerous and omic items which now tod then relieved he .excellent musical. • numbers* : both ocal, and : instrumental. 'About, the iddle pf the. programme Prior Butler, oming, forward,. thanked jpie: building, ommittee, the, congregation, bf' ^tfae hurteh, and the many gen'ero'us friends, ot of the congregatiOn hbir the denomiation, who had contributed toWards the uilding. > To thi Catholio i Young Men'a ociety* .Melbourne, r < \- the Prior , also endered hi* thank* for the aid they had, n this as on ot^her. occasions,, given i in he put they took', inthe progitomme; lso to the' other .ladies and gentlepien ho had MndlygiVeii' their 1 ser vibes.' ! A entleman Who had presenteda'beEcutiful indow to the hall oas alfeo 'fcortlially 1 thanked. The Prior then said as he was down as a performer, he would proceed to address them. The present occasion, he said, was connected with education, and one means of educating man was through the sense of sight. He then proceeded, by special request, to deal with that part of literature—" miracle plays"—illustrating it, in that style so peculiarly his own, by the Passion Play of Ober Amergau, as seen by him during its last performance in 1880. It was listened to with breathless attention, and on its conclusion the remainder of the programme was proceeded with. A word of praise is due to the Port Mel bourne Catholic Young Men's Society, who had the management of the concert, and especially to the officers, Messrs. Lynch, Sinn, and Ward, for the efficient manner in which everything was carried out. ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST CHTTBCFF, CLIFTON HILL. The Archbishop was present at the above church -on Sunday, at the eleven o'clock Mass, for the purpose of blessing the new school, which has recently been erected in the church grounds. Mass was celebrated by the Eev. J. Aherne, His Grace, attended by the Bev. E. Collins, presided. Haydn's Imperial Mass, No. 3, was rendered by the combined choirs of the Cathedral and St. John the Baptist's, with full orchestral accompaniment. The principals were:— Signora Coy, Miss O'Hanlon, Signor Coy, and Mr. W. E. Furlong, With Mr. King as leader of the orchestra, the whole being conducted by Mr. W. E. Furlong. The sermon was preached by his Grace, who took for his text the words :—"All power is given to me heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations; baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." As he (his Grace) had come that day to bless a new Catholic school, he could not do better than lay before the congregation the necessity of a sound Catholic education, and the evils which must arise in a school from which religion had been banished. The command contained in the words of the text which he had just read was the last given by our Lord on earth, and there was, therefore, a special solemnity connected with it. It embraced the whole of revealed doctrine, all time and places, and all men. The Church had ever and well obeyed this divine injunction; she had sent forth her missionaries to every place and people on the earth. She had instructed in the Gospel of Jesus Christ the old, the middle-aged, and more especially the young, because she knew that if her children were to be worthy of her they must, from their infancy, be grounded in the truths of our holy Faith. Long before our Lord appeared on earth, it was foretold of Him by the prophet Isaias that He should have a special love and care for the young, and in the Gospel, among the few things which we are told of His life, we read frequently of His interest in and care for little children. If, then, when on earth He displayed BO much solicitude and affection for these, it is now the duty of the Church to attend to their welfare, and this cannot be done unless Catholic schools are provided for. the children. If a child were not sent,to a Catholic school it would be impossible for the Church to impart to it that amount of religious instruction necessary for its temporal and eternal- welfare. It was ridiculous to suppose that a young tierson attending a non- Catholic, school during the week could; receive at the Sunday school or, from its parents at home sufficient religious instruction. In nine cases out of every ten, the child who attended the short religious instruction at the Sunday school would have forgotten during the week all that he had learned there.. From what his Grace could see, he was confident that, taking parents all round, sufficient .instruction would not be imparted at home, for in moist, cases the time could not be spared,' or, if it could, the parents'hid not the aptitude^, acquirements, or capacity for doing so. Ho w many Catholic parents, he would" ask, whose children attended non- Catholic schools, devoted the necessairy, time and trouble to instrjicting ; th^ir children in tlje truths/of onr r^igipniP No doubt, many such parents propose a few questions from'the Catechism every': evening, but surely that'Was Wofr iihpa^t-' ing an adequate amount - of Religious instruction. Moreover* ' to tiM&h;^Me^ cessfully required * special training*a^id fitness, . and . there;,WAS Vfl! subject;:nwi®i difficult to ^nsttact^jii egh^'-jin,,;raan religion. Secular, tafowtolge ^ppe^led mostly to whilst; relition caUeF^--' facilities (Sf the mindi 3 KSfiSTjH! who' not'"ittehli bolio JBphojoU . would neglect to attend the" for, seeing that their parents did not value religious training, they would grow up with little or no respect for religion. It was impossible to impart a religious education unless the surroundings were favourable—books, teachers objects, and example. There should be a weaving of the warp of spiritual instruction with the woof of secular knowledge. They had been told of late that by sending a Catholic child to a non- Catholic school an arrangement could be made by which the principles of our common Christianity could be taught, or hat the children could be instructed in he principles of morality, so long as no dogma was used. These are fine phrases, but they mean simply nothing; or, if hey do mean anything, it is that there re one or two points of Christianity 6n hich all Christians agree. His Grace as not acquainted with one single point on which all agree. If there be riot one common to all, how are theBe principles to be taught P Or, supposing that there were one or two facts which aW adKnitted by all Christians to be true, are these to be put before the children, and are they to be told that these are the only things of real importance P In reference to morality without a dogma, Cardinal Manning had recently said, that: they might as well look for a triangle without a base, a tree without a root, a house without a foundation. Dogma was a teaching of religions truth, such as the existence of God, or that Christ died on the Cross to save sinners. If children are told not to commit sin, they must also be told—if that command is to hare a good effect—that sin is displeasing to God, and that He sees and knows each act and thought, and that He will most assuredly punish sinners. There may be a certain sentiment, but there can be no morality without dogma, for dogma was the foundation of all morality, and to teach otherwise was to teabh what did not exist. Seeing, then, that the education of the child must be such that religion will be taught by all its sur. roundings, it is a matter of supreme importance that Catholio parents should have schools wherein the moral nature of the child will grow and become stronger. We all know that sinoe the fall of Adam the tendency of human nature has been earthly, and that unless that downward inclination be prevented by the rule of religious discipline, it is almost certain that when the child grows up he will fall into sin, and then, not having received a religious education, it would be next to a miracle if he again became converted to God. If the present system of godless education continues much longer we shall have in a few years to come a race of infidel men and women, who will consult nothing but their own inclination, and the condition of society will be deplorable indeed. The maintenance and support of the Catholio schools of. the colony his Grace considered of the utmost importance, and he would remind those Catholics who were compelled to pay. twice for the education of their children that only a few years back, in the land wherein most of them were born, their forefathers had not only to pay for this religious education of their children in goldacd silver, but in their own blood.! At the conclusion of Ma: S his Grace blessed the new building, a description of which has already appeared in the 1 Advocate, and 'returned to the church, when the choir rendered Romberg's Te Beum, followed by the Episcopal Benediction. Although admission was to be obtained>byitipket pbly, the church was crowded, seats having to be placed within the sanctuary fo? many who were unable io bbtain accommodation elsewhere.' The collection which was in aid of the school find was very large. The new building was erected by Messrs. Eirby Bros./, of Lower Hawthorn, the plans being drawn up by the schopl committee. The work was superintended by ; Messrs. M'Kernan, Fleming,', and PepparH, and/ has been carried out in a very satisfactory manner. "The cost of the buildiifg Was over £320. ' ' ' CONTENT OF THE SICBBD HEABT, KYNE- • < • • On Sunday last,.. after the, eleven o'clock Mass, a meeting of the,Catholics of.'tbe parish was held in the^irla'fphoolroom'tpp the purjioseof Revising m eans ofpaying.ofE the debtpn the,con vent of tHe Sisters of .Mercy wHich hks Recently bien 'established in'the to'wn; Thetbtal toonnt required -to "be : raised * by the parishioners is^LQOO.andflfthis <£300 •will become due in :a short time. ' Mr. f-fJViGraeber ^suggested' ,«,B?pM inction be organised in 4,he near, future, is it would be a capital 'meaiiSjbf raising fnnds: .This proposal was fevouirtibly ronfr«9/-iijd WjHif- agreed 'that j it be aGtefliipbn/ Mr.EaWson saidMiLadbeen Bpeating to ; some' Lauristoir gentlemen, who Tvere jflfjiopinioii ihBt iif iia grand hurliog touniamentriwaa^ ot&tpfo;&i; to take place on the racecourse, and liberal .prises were offered for competition, it would be the means of bringing together the leading teams of the colony, and a large concourse of spectators wduld pay admission to the gronhd to witness the exhibition. It had been hinted to him that if Mr. John Dillon, M.P., Mr. Deasy, M.P., and Sir Thomas Esmonde, Bart., could be induced to put in an appearance at the hurling exhibition their presence would be an additional Attraction, and undoubtedly would cfown the success of the movement. On theevening of the hurling match a coneert on an elaborate scale could take place in the Mechanics' Institute, and would also be the means of bringing together a large assemblage. As this is the first time that the Catholics of the district had been asked to make any great effort since the erection of the church, he thought they should bestir themselves, and clear the debt off the convert. Finally, it was decided that a house to honse canvas for subscriptions be made in the town and district, and that a grand hurling tournament, eoncert, ana Brace auction be held on dates 1o. be fixed upon. Committees were appointed to carry out matters of detail in connection with these events. It was also resolved that an effort be made to procure the attendance of the Irish enrols at the hurling match. OBELOKO. {From our own Correspondent.) The usual monthly meeting of St. Patrick's Society was held in St. Mary's school on the 3rd inst., Mr. P. Healey in the chair. Much sympathy was erp: and" the sum of £10 from the funds of the society Was voted to their assistance; £1 Is, was also received from Dr. Newman towards the same object. Five new benefit members were elected, and after some business relating to the approaching convention was transacted, the meeting terminated. The annual collection in aid of St. Vincent de Paul's Society amounted this year to £27. The members have also received a bequest of £40 from the executor of the late Mrs. Kiernan, so that the funds are at present in a fairly prosperous conditio^. Two more sisters from the local Convent of Mercy have gone to join the five nuns who recently went to Kyneton to fotind a branch of their order in that town, which establishment promises to be one of the most important and successful in the colony. About 40 members attended the weekly meeting of the C.Y.M. Literary Association on the 6th inst.; the president being in the chair. A letter was read from the Melbourne society, asking the local society to play a cricket match. The challenge was accepted, but the date has not yet been arranged. After general business, a discussion took place, the subject being—" Should the franchise be extended to women P" Mr. J. J. ' Trait championed the claims of the fair sex, his opponent being Mr. J. Carey. Many of the members spoke on the question, and on being put to the vote it was decided by a large majority that it is not advisable to extend the franchise to women. 