THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —PrincesB' Theatre. "Tlie Grasshopper." —Opera House. Siibon-Rtirk Troupe! —Theatre Royal. " Tlie Bells of Hasldniere." -Alexandra Theatre. " East Lynne —ltoyal Museum. A Host of Novelties. —Victoria Hall. Combined Coloured Miustrela. -St George's Hall. Harry Rioiards' Company. —Jirougl) aud JJoucicauit's Go, in Adelaide. —Kennedy, the mcBmerist, at latest in Urisbane. —Little, the scenic artist, is about to "P t0 "f Alexandra. J —Gcn6on's entertainment of wonders will Bliortlyrto| up in Melbourne. —The Lynch Family's performances at the Atbemenl a brilliant success. J -Mr. Kdwiu Smith, the new harpist from Eoe» , a grand performer. I —Dick Wbittiuctou is over Irom Adelaid" lot 1 e | days' holiday-mailing. -Several of the Spanish Studouts aro twatiginS ""j KUitars through New Zealand. 1 -Does Ashton intend takine the Diorama ^ M'Audrew, ISsq.," outou tour ? , —The Darrell Company liave finished up in J Bristol! " Marvellous Melbourne" wound them up. _„,.„ „„ tbo March ? " The high opinions of the farewell eproaa ou the popular youtie {Beat m roielit nnxt will see tbo reappearance of ^"'fflroihorsT f t W s . and Mr. John Gourlay, at St. rtBall. . 0nt of the good things flying about '"jji't" jjjucolu and manager Lohr intend touring 7eaiaiid. unmvi6cspected to arrive about the 8tb. ^ in the Melbourne Town Hall, thence direct -kfslaud. , „„,mmtiou8 are boing made by tho Royal »»' P'JJ,*. silver King- revival. Tbo caet will be droiu top to toe. n p Randell, Hie New Zealand Boprano, made . i it At tho Athenajum—Saturday last-on the ..".'Jberdftal in Melbourne. „ .become of tho Duagan Dramatic Com" i Where's Mc-rivis. Lily, tragedian HuglieB, and ''0h where, is the millionaire ? imrbiD paper, sneaking of one of the Melbourne urs-"Tboro will be no charge this evening." nsuKW Rots alongside the suburban reporter Jlb9a"cbango" this evoning. •Iter Hasleiuayor, the conjuror's, goblin drum hoTi Act proved the first production in that part of ]iellB of JrtJof "Tho Haslemayer." \- family of many managers—the MacMabons—or nne of tlifiiu, James, will look after David Christie "ft lecturing tour, which same starts in August. European celebrities, Jo-Jo and Ubini's fleas, are -r It only wants the Scotch Diorama (which bas iD'Melbourne quite long enough) to complete tbo j c. rarlatto, ti e comedian of tho Lynch bas bad a number of comic songs and sketches -for liiu) by tlio notod London song writer, Mr. von Fiukelstcin mot with an accident up Bundamrtfr, nbore she was Blungout of a buggy on to k Fortunately little damage was done, either to mo F, or the road. Mtra" writes to know—" If 'All tbe world's a •ndmeu and women merely players,' what beol the orcliostra ?" (They're under tbe stage as Iplaying carda, dear hoy.) Graccaud Mr. Charles Warner will very likely toGfitbcrin America nine or ten months hence, 'lily leavo Australia on their way home to England, a York engagement is now being arranged for (Ihtoln'ra! Gossip continued oil page SO.) THEATRICAL {Continued from page 75.) GOSSIP. -l r )oa-tamer Jjacey numbers atuonget bis attractions a fillip manned by fleas—a hopper barge, we presume. —A London paper speakiug of tbe failure of " Madam Siidae " to attract the public of Melbourne and Sydney, Bays that it ie auother proof that Australians will uct patronise plays located in their own country. —Manager Gaylord fires over tbe iutelligeuce.all tbe way from Chicago, to Jim Allison. Esq., that the Wild West show will shortly swoop down whole upon the Runny South. Jim thinks their prospectesses is bound to bo good. —The now Bourke and HUSSBII street theatre i6 to bo a grand affair. ThebaJlet girls'rehearsal room is only to be divided by a thin wall from the roouis of the Young Men's Christian Association, and—(Here drop it, ED. PUNCH.) —The musical Payue Family were, when last mail left, vocalising in Wellington, New Zealand. Tho IJOUBOB have been large and their performances all that could be desired. The Missos Lizzie, Nellie and Maud have made innumerable friends. —Little Ida Heath, the phenomenal dancer, BO wel known iu Melbourne, goes to Londou iu May, to play an extended engagement in that metropolis. In America she has been offered &KJ; dollars a week to coino back to the show next season, and will probably accept. e —The only Frank M Clark 16 not to have it all his own way in thu Rilt Phow business, for Mr. Irving has been presented by the Priuce of Wales with a handsome ciyar-caeo, with au inscription referring to the me performance lately given before Her Majesty, —The gift show a ItniuiBtered a terrible 6lap iu the jaw to the time-pitvment pystem. Every second suburban IIQUBQ now boasts of a suite of furniture, and all for a shilling. Even first domicile bad to be content with a load of wood, ton of coal or other euch chimney ornament. —Crilly has uow opcued up negotiations with the Warrnambool infant, the idea being to put the child on view in Hourke-street. The parents of this boy were recently fined for his non-attendance at school. Uy-theway, we must not omit to mention the joyful fact that the Warrnambool lad £(ande six feet sores Inches in his unfltockinged foot and is barely fourteen years old, —D'Arcy Head has been giving bis ghost and visionvanishing entertainment at tbe Hiberniau Hall. His day-bills wind up with the line " Wondorful disappearance of tbe manager!" Now, there's nothing wonderful in this; leastways, that, is with soruo of the ebows we've come across. —Mr. Albert Marsh, who is about to proceed to South Africa, or some other equally dangerous portion of the globe, was entertained at supper by his theatrical friends on Friday night last. The farewell send-off was a great success, for Mr. Marsh carries the good wishes of evrrjbody with him. —On the second laet night of tbe gift distribution at the Victoria Ha.ll Asbton presented a man with a gun. The gun was not loaded (we don't know about the man); anyhow, we take it for granted that it was not, aB tbe lecturer turned up and ^ot through his lecture as per usual on the following night. —Marvellous Melbourne will shortly bo known a6 the " City of Theatres." The latest, the plaus of which are to be submitted to the Central Board of Health by the architect, Mr. IBarnet, is to bo erected in Collins-street east, between Exhibition and lluseell^streete, and within a stone's-throw of PUNCH oflice. —Mr. and Mrs. George Darroll returned to Melbourne thin week after completing a very successful tour through Queensland. Tbe Darrells intend to take short rest at their home in this city prior to resuming their next professional season, which in all probability will commence in Melbourne. Mr. Darrell has two new dramas ready, aud arrangements are pending for their early presentation. —Miss Leonora Hr&bani;, ac a recent benefit mativee at tbe Savoy Theatre, was assisted by Mrs. Kendal, Mrs. Bernard Beere, Miss Clara Samuel, Miss Fortescue, Miss Aunie Lea, Miss Kosiua Brandram, Miss Sybil Grey ; Messrs. Corney Grain, George Grossmith, E.J. Lonnen, Mariue, George Stone, Isidore De Lara, Durward Lely, diehard Temple, Ilutlaud Barringtou, the members of the- German Heed Company, and the Lotus Glee Club. —Miln has " caugnt on" in Launcoeton, and nearly every evening the theatre has beeu crowded. On the Saturday a special train brought visitors from Perth. Wcetbury and Deloraine, and altogether quite a " boom" has been caused in Shakespeare etock. Last week Mr. Milu played 4< Hamlet" twice, and also appeared as liomeo, Shylock, Kicbelieu and Macbeth, while ou Monday, 29th July, he opeued iu Hobart. The first performanc^there was under the patronage of tbo Governor and the I'rewier. citizen approached the box oflice, and, in disgusted and injured tones, shouted, " Say, you fellerfe, I wish you'd tell that Muldoon to go and soak his boad. What's ho trying to give us, anyway ? Tbe laet time Muldoon was here with his ' Picnic ' ho give a good show, but this hero concern ain't worth a d—u." —Presentations, like misfortunes and twins, never come eiogly, and the Alexandra people have again dipped deeply into their golden-lined pockets to present their scenic artist. Mr. A. Fischbauer ( ' Alta"), with a very handsome gold locket, suitably inscribed. This little affair eventuatod ou Saturday night, after the fall of the curtain on the ever-tearful " East Lynno." Our own Alfred, in one of his neat little speeches, made tbe presentation. "Alta" left on Sunday last by the Yarra, and is ox pec ted to be away some time on a holiday trip, at the same time keeping an eye open to secure novelties for llr* Dampier. A correspondent writoe anent tu. i fleas that are now swarminc in r.kordeB ol planted foot in Melbourne nearly J" 1481 - Since meet in Bourke-street has a RM LV^^conarn.. dent •U is anxious UUNSWUU to W kuow J\UUW if u thly mey am ftre ^ is known as ELK "" tbe LhA HudsiaJ, lt„BO:«i J, 1 flea, L w .. «ie ' «oHiw uenst our own flea tauier, and find tlm't ,? elu «eB.T: runnins wild in the domestic blank,t ? 1,6 »- it would be just as easy to tame ' f™ '"Ha crayfish as it IB to operate on the C l !?' n » hi Palsce of Amusers, states, and be taken for gospel, that hisauimaKW eu H which are sent him direct from Srnin „ l D!6i »« bottles, together with mice and cW„ P i Cta h- 60E tion, truly. e ' ApWtj 