ABIU S THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH, B OO K II. Chapieb IX.— 'I Havh No Scpkbiob Bin: Ghbist.' When the council met one morning, Atha naeiuB produced and laughingly read a song, or _bjn)D, which had been written and set to music by the -Libyan, for the use of uneducated Christians at Alexandria, in order to enable tbem to memorise and keep in mind the doctrines of Christianity as he had understood them. This song was part of a little book ettitud 'Thalia,' or 'Songs of Joy,' which the presbyter had written for sailors and others who had no ?oertain means-ot attendin2 regular religious services, and in it occurred the fol lowing expressions: — 'God was not always Father ; once -Be was not Father; afterward he became Father; and his only-begottea is Jefus CbriEt cur tn-id.' And thereupon Manilas, Bishop of Ancrra, moved the council to declare that this senti ment was heretical ; -aud that the man who \- wrote it should be expelled fcotn the Church of Chrut; and Ariua.and his ttiends perceived tbat the struggle for the destruction of the pr e&by; ( er bacS begun. For a while tha council hall waa Siled wnhaianiorouaand bitterdenun datiooa uf Arius: 'Tha heretic !' ^'Ttoe atheist!' ''Tea cte?am« of Carist ! ' '-'Tile I ^N I K I AT polytbeUt!' ?- The pagan !' 'Tha' 'Jjjbyan eerpent I' 'Tha ram of Baucalis!' aaaaiBKMt every other term of reproach which the voBa bulaiy of ecclesiasticism could' furnish, wore* ehouted throughout the hall by the pattissnerai Constantino. Finally, the clamor seamed' to (roar itsc If out, and order having been partially . restored, Potammon of Hierapoiis, a confesaoe *bum tbe pagans had left blind and 4mm, Etraighteted up himself, and with great awkwardness acd earnestness cried oat: ' Brethren.. I was reared up ia Central Africa, acd know nothing of philosophy, bat dotry to seive tbe Lord, and to avoid all heresy aid ' tf.]is decline. I have often suog this -sam^, not knowing it was harEsy, with my p6e$le:l What ia there wrocg about the song, than?' Do any of you deny that Jaaua Chwatistha oi;,!j- begotten Sen of Goi ? or that he ia our Lord atd Saviour? or will eome of you now preUE-d to beiieve that the Son u older thsa ihe_Fatl!f-i ? What is wrong about tha BOBgV Ti- the ftsmeeff.-.ot spoka many of tha frieada sf^A: :i;s ; and Maria oF Caaicedon said : — 'Th»: Gc^peii uiiitoiruly call Jestu Christ the ot'-i W-eO'^a Soa of tLa Father, snd I htva ' cevf^r be-lij-vtd itiecess'iry or proper to go any fu.-thtr tV-an tho eii^yle, dir&ct; 3cripcuril stater ent tsuji.j, E-iPobiua o? Nicoojedia obtains! a heaiiiig-, atd, speafeitg cnia.iy and eoothiagi?. hs cfcij : — ' Bratliren, tte aocg which ye lia^e be.;ud lnad eceius U- be auercly- a metrical cJtu po^tiuu foraied toaii tbaiucotorj of thosa whi wtrt; i-.uab'e to read sud write, and those waa bad co copy of lbs Scriptures, in k^ppia^- ia mind cettiiic eori{jtural phra*-? aai daa trites ; acd I could not be led to suspect . a grctit aud pious preibyter of heresy .apju Buch a cause as that. Let us proceed,. thaa, decf ntly and in order ; and if ye woaid kna v ttuly what Arias hath taught S3 religion, call upen him to declare what he hath so taoght. Tbis eeemeth to ma to b9 the only fair and bccorable course, worthy of a Caristiaa assembly, if anyone think there is oaaaa to suppose tbat he hath taught anything csntr^ry to Scripture.' This reasonable counsel at once prevailed with the greater number, and-bjr a large vate they requested Arms to declare his -teachings. ' Thereupon the old heretic arose, and in bis strange, peculiar, fascinating tone and mannsr Epoke as follows: — 'Brethren, I have never taught anything concerning our Lord as re- . ligion, except that which is expressly laid down in the Scriptures; to -sit, lint Jasos is the only-begotten Son of God, the Saviaarof the - -world. I do not know anything, and . - ^ have never taught as articles of faith neeeaaary to be believed, anything except whatiathua expreetiy end definitively . stated ia tha GcBpels. Of course, like every mau srao tbinka at all, I have meditated often and earnestly about the philosophy of the facts stated, and have formed in my own mind -certain apecata turns in relation thereto which are satisfactory to mioe own understanding, and I hare- not ? hesitated to declare these opinions in all proper times and places; bat I hava never ea?d, at any time or place, that these merely philosophical speculations upon the nature of Deity were binding upon any man'd canacisaee, or that they Bbould be taught and Hoelieved a3 the rule of any man's faith and' pHwtica; ba cause they have not bsen revealed or deolardd. . - ss such by the word of God. -If any man -' allege that I have done otherwise let biai make tbe charge in writing and produce the proof, as was the custom at evnry Ohcisttau coonoil in such cages that hath ever been -held «poa the motion of the bishops authorised to cw « '??? council, as at Jerusalem, Antioch, Bame, ia - Postus, Gaul, Mesopotamia, and Ephesus.' ?? ??'? ? The presbyter said no more, but quietly -us-'- ~ ' s-amed bis. eeat, and the calm, grave, atoS: : - reasonable manner in which, jie hidmet a4d - ^ dirr^f-j of its Vociferatioas which iiftdc«Sv 1 failed him, in the opinion of nearly =ail, tef 6 no course to be pursued with decency ^exaspt. ? to preeent written charges against him, *M offer proofs thereoL Bat such a course did .cot . by any means suit the par- ' . ppse& of those who were xesolvesL-span. hia . ruin; and Athanasius,. who-atciil tt^a^aaV- ^ able to command a res^eotful jiaMisg ttt$ae hands of the aasembly, witimat : sesini^^^-^- - - ' cpticetbecha\iengetb^a?TO.do«iJbs^as^^ya^ - .-??.. *'.'? eaid in bis own winuag«nda»«iEHagly ca«pe6t- ' ?-'':-'? Ml way— 'Hast thon.:not piblijsly. «*1 cEitomariJr, in thy . £aua»Hs Starch, in . : . , ... Alexandria, preached thififts tbat werej&on-; . trary to the vi«ws of ths-Brahdp Alesandflt— - ' contrary i» hisjaterptsetatiim oi the Ecriptarea, , -.- ' f «r sgiiclrfie did order thatthou be suspended = ^fromthy ministry ; ? and didst net thon ,^ar- - : tfeuuaoofily refuse to obey his episcopal ocdar, ., ' .apd - obatHwtHy persevere , ^'^tiMigiiiiim-^i^T^ tome abominable hereatt? Wilt '^bawjaOm^^:r? ^-- dfenythis?' ??. ? '' :-' - ?,_:-':^;iS5^^:«;::-:?'is-; rThen' with. «n effort .;jb',ipo^r^|sp^|gy.i,;, ' 3^ control that *eot : a . «tnmge ^ aaivar- jHoeawg ? 7 ' : - ; over his gaunt and aaighty frame, taa presbyter - mtde answer — 'It appsareth, brethfen, ;tiut thia gifted youth bato. been taught to believe that it is heresy to differ in opinion with tha learned and pious brother, Alexander! It ia * very true that I and my brother Alexander - have Bctnewhat differed in .opinion, but I am cot advised that he hath any more authority - to dictate my bpioions than have 1 to dictate . - his ; and I am very ceitaia that, wh.eteiu.ttia ?,. bishop hath differed with me, he is in error,'' . - - ? But. ConBtantine. cried out, ' Answerthou' whether thou hast preached in spite of the oider of suspension made against thee- by ithy - Eaperior?' _ s -And the old heretic arose again, .and answered— 'I had supposed that tke aoawer - already, made would be sufficient for any -'* bbhop, but being commanded by an onbaptized ' emperor to answer yet further, I have to j»y tbat I have no ' superior' but Christ ; as for the order of brother Alexander 'suspend ing* me from the exercise of the faao tibns of a presbyter, all the- clergy hare . -~ lasetinbled well know that it is~ void* ._ The day hath not yet coaae when juiy one brother in the Church can 'snspsnl' another. I suppose that, under toe legal religion which is to replace 'the gospel -oi ;? Christ, a bishop will have some s^ichautiiority over a presbyter as a legionary liith over a . centurion, or a centurion over a.sblSier, int r:r. \\- we have not quite reacbedtbat coadibon. As ' ': . ' to the differences of opinion between myaelET \ asd the brother Alexander and others, I will .. t ;- ekcply state that oar good city of Alexandria ^ : bath a' population marvellotialy intellectual, ' ..: -'? ; and greatly addicted to the study of philp- , _ -- '?' eophy. Hence it hath happened that minyT; ;',.^ ' of the brethren, and some even ' of the _' ? bishops and presbyters, have added, uncoa-ftt^ eciously perhaps, to their faith in the faotaset^^B^ forth in the Gospels certain philosophical ho- WgBh tiens intended for the explanation of these IWffBI facts, which notions they have derived from, .Hh| many teachers — chiefly from the great . heathen fflMM Plato, and from his followers, the paorla- WuBmm toniets, and frpm the school ~ of Piiilo tna fl^BB Egyptian. The learned and pious Biahop JfifflKl Alexander derived from euch source (I koow WHiiai not what) certain philosophical views which MtWai seemed to deny ntteriy the separate existence aWBH of the Son of Gcd ; and ^hi'ob savored Btrbailir' JJIhMH of the heresy of SebeliiuB that had besa cob- HBhI demced by more than one Christian council, Jk&SjH; and which did t&nd; directly to the suhreraiaa gagilSl of the primitive Ghristian comoiunl&s;, and to PWhH the overthrow ot 'the kingdom ot heaven' ^bHH which Jcsub did ordain, and to tbe gnhaiatntiati jgfflPM therefore of poitib ench ecdpsifti^TO1 Hyatapi -a SpM I- am told the emperor bath establishedin the S^^H ' Western Empire, in which the -empaKWvjiafcjgf^^B Christ, is htad of the Church, and ia«hl^vS^^^| the law prescribes what a man may believe 6e «B^H not believe (just as' the pagan .laws hara iKB^H always done), instead of the Scriptorea. SaS^SH loEg as brother Alexander held these gcronspns wrawH opinions privately, I meddled not with tbem, BfflBSWa but when he afterward saw proper to coma ^BB^m and preach these heresies to mine own congre- &g;££m gation I guarded icy community against this BM^Wp pernicious philosophy; for tha .Goapela *ndJ|Ks||l the Acts furnish the only authority «oncero-^j£a|§5 ing Christ and faith in Him, and not JnafiHgaa opinionB of Sabellius, Alnrapder, :Hwfflfem!lwKa or Oonstantinte, As for mine own -xa^fo; jpi^iga sophical opinions concerning ' Daily, I JJarorgSgagS learned them of Plato, nor ot Phllo, nor of »WB' Sabellins, but as the most wise and wous Am- - , , nem- hat, who was for many yearsJUgh priest of the pagan temple at Ombos, holding there . . . the same position which the £mperor j0oiiBta4- ' '. ? - tine as Pontifex Maximus hatii so long hald ,a$ ' - Eonje ; but Amnem-hal was aftervard a :,. glorious Christian and a holy martyr at our -; . ?'. city of Alexandria, as many ofyonknow. JBat ~ no man hath ever heard me claim that then philosophical opinions constituted any cols. of /. ..-,, faith or practice, or were hiiHKnfl 'qnaoapy '' man's conscience, although I doubt not. that the theological opinionB of a most ancientlrtid , - learned Egyptian high Driest are entailed to M much respect as those of ttie flamea of Jupiter, at Koi&e;, who is now the Emperor Coaataa tnae.' .' Acd again the old heretic resumed his seat, having created a -strong impression in hkfevoc ? * in the minds of all who .were not committed - to the task -of destroying .him, althoagh maay bf them trembled for hia safety xtn shearing ail bold and ingtcioua assault upon -the emperor. . But Maicellus, Bishop of Ancycft, apiang to his ftet, and in loud and threatening - tones cried out: 'Oh tbou most insblentaad-abasira ' heretic, dareat thou to call the moat Christian emperor a pagan V' .-?-.. But Marts, Bishop of Ghalcedon, stretohed forth his hand and answered : ' The peesbyier Ariua bath said tbat the great emperor is^yet ' nnbaptifled, and that he is, by the iatr of the Reman Empire, Eontifex MaximuB, , and . fiamfn of Jnpiteri I understand that: all this is true ; and, if it be not true,»ao jaait will more rejoice than I would to itearifcbe.1 emperor, now declare that ihe b»th been baptised into the faith of Christ, and that he is no^oiurer high-priest of pagan Home.' Tbe biebop eat down, Mid every «ye w-w -t : - otce turned upon Gonstantme. =But tte'emV: ' ' . pt ror neither epafce cor moved^atid almost im- ? tt^diately his partisans began to cty mi ffi*t ' A 1 ins «bonld declare to the wttncil winft wwe ' those pbilcfopbieal opinions lo -which- ^9*a- : ferred, which thieg i*JBy4i«i to cover-up' tha failure of the emperor to respoad toMaris the bishop ; »ud tbe friends W the' Itf&ywa; Joined in the seme cry, teeoaaas they did 4»nevd that tbe philosophy of Arias- would betoon&^o its - - comet, ai/d wt lwr$tis%i. And todreo^oa. 'being pressed upon all eidea at once, the pres liyter again -arose and spoke in the following aatiner:— 'I mippoee, brethren, that there hath sever teen any difficulty in the mind of any . Christian as to the simple declarations of the . gospel concerning our Lord ; and that the faith ot all Christiana in the divinity of oar common Saviour is founded upon the gospel narrative. The difficulties arise only when the mind passes on beyond the plain teachings of tbe gospel, and attempts to comprehend how these things may be. and to formulate lor itself some creed npon the nature of the Deity, In this regard there have been main tained three great philosophical opinions, as ye do know, which may be very briefly stated 88 follows : '1, That the Son of God muetbs a depen dent and spontaneous being, created from nothing by the will of the Father, by whom also all things were made. '2. That the Son possessed all of the in herent, incommunicable perfections which religion and philosophy appropriate to the supreme God. So that there are in the God ^- bead three distinct and infinite minds or sub stances, three co equal and co-eternal beings, composing the divine essence, three indepen dent Deities SB to whom an effort is made to preserve the unity of the first cause by assum ing tbe perpetual concord of their administra tion, the eBEential agreement of their will ; and this I understand to be the philosophy of Hosing, Alexander, the emperor, and others for whim Athanasius is spokesman. '3. Three beings who, by the self-derived necessity of their existence, possess divine at r- tributes in perfect degree, who are eternal in duration, infinite in space, intimately present to each other and to the universe ; and are yet one and the same being; manifesting him self in different forms, and considered in different aspects, so that the Trinity becomes a trinity of names and abstract manifestations existing only in the mind ; they are not persons at all, but only attributes. ?'This is the heresy of Sabellius, which Christian councils have condemned. It.dif tenth from Athanaeius in degree, but not, I think, in bind. ' ' Not one of these three opinions satisfiath my mind and heart. . The martyr Am-nem-hit taught me when X was a boy that the original faitfc, which long ages ago preceded the poly . theism of Egypt, Assyria, India, China, Greece, Borne, and all other heathen nations, uniformly represented ths one God to be a dual, spiritual being, and that the Divine nature must be a Triad, or Trinity, com pleted by the birth . of a son of this \- double-natured spiritual God. In the Gospels I lead that Christ is 'the only begotten Son of God': a father begets. He was 'con ceived' of the Holy Ghost : a mother conceives. He was * bom' of a virgin, and foe oof salva tion did live among men. The same holy martyr called my attention to the fact, which I have since carefully verified, that while the Scriptures in no place apply the word ' mother' to the Holy Ghost, the words ' Holy Ghost* are need in them 212 times, and were uniformly in the Greek neuter gender, which affirmeth nothing as to sex. H« also showed me that Moies called the one God by a name which is the plural number of a Hebrew noun. Ithatb, \- therefore, appeared to me to be true that, as lar £b anything concerning Deity can be ex presEed in human language, the sacred use of the words 'Father,' 'Son,' 'Holy Ghost.' * begotten,' ' conceived,' were intended to on Tey-to our minds the idea that in some spiritual sense of. sezhood the nature ot Deity is that in the. likenesB and image whereof man waa created ; and signify a divine family, so far as earthly' ibings can typify spiritual truth, \- Hence, as I .did set forth in my letter to JaUBebins of Nicomedfa, and to Alexander of ? ' Alexandria, as Hie Ohnrch fchoweiu. I »47C -?-?? ? *slw«ys taught ih*t.tbe Son is not unoriginal, \- -. nor part of the nnorigiaate, nor made of things . ' - previcnsly existing ; but that by the will and purpose of God he was in being before time, perfectly divine, the only begotten; that ?—-' before his generation he was not; that we be * - lieve in -one God alone without birth, alone everlasting, alone nnoriginate. We believe that ~~ ? -Gcdgsvebjrtb to the -only begotten Son, before eternaTperf&iflt;^xnasirjg the divine family a \- . Triad.tiSroughwnamhemadetheseperiodsaud -all else that was made; that he gave birth to r the Son, not in semblance, not in idea, but in truth giving onto Him a real existence; and ~ we have refused to profess faith in the teach ings of Bishop Alexander, that 'as God IB \- eternal, so is .his Son;' 'where the FttiW. there the Son;' 'the Son is present in God . without birth;' 'ever- begotten;' *an Eternal God, an Eternal Son;* 'the Son is your God Jljtntcff.' _ . . . \-- .. ? ?? JSnf'! have never taught this philosophy as . '- an article of faith, binding upon the conscience -5 Jbelieversj -and bav« required of them to profess faith in nothing except what the -goEpeis declare.™ . (Tobe continued.) 