TWO BROTHERS. Br HELEN MATHERS, Author of "Comin' Thro' the Rye," " Cherry Ripe," " The L&ndo;' the Lsal," &c.; Round the corner of a miserable alley came a little boy EO bowed down by the immense faggot of wood he carried on his back that only his feet were viBible as he advanced. Nevertheless, he could see, for when he came to a certain window he stopped, and. kneeling down on the flags shifted his burden backwards, then kissed both hands to a little figure seated close to the window-pane that jumped up and down for joy, and gave back his kisses with energetic delight. The great faggot rose tremblingly from the gronnd, the bright face beneath it disappeared, from the window the cap full of golden curls ceased to nod, but sank lower and grew quite still when the alley waa empty of the boy and hia burden. For a long while the crazy old high chair held a shape that did not stir, and seemed hardly to breathe, while the baby- hands, in which dimples etili lingered, claapad a battered toy listlessly; but if you had. drawn near, yoa woald have seen that neither hunger nor loneliness touched him now, for that God's one good gift to the poor bad been vouchsafed even unto him, -and be slept. It was a cherub's face—a cherub who had not been cold and starved long enough to lose the rounded carves, the velvet softneBBes of babyhood, bat the triumphantly arohed month, that is the diatinguishing feature of a very young child,' waa absent, and tears lay on the eyelashes, and lingered on the fair roundness of the cheeks below. But he waa happy and needed no man's pity. The sqaalid room held him no more, and his heart no longer ached for the brother, who was nearly always away earning bread and milk for him, and if dreams came to him be sun they brought tohim that " Mover" into whose warm arms hehad longed to creep, when Daddy waa not by to bug him. Leave him., to his content, - and glance round the room, that is the only one showing signa of human occupation in this alley, the two sidea of which conBiat of backs of warehouses, and through whioh no traffic ever passeB. Thia very room was once a carpenter'B ahop; the tipper part ia untenanted, and out of repair, and you might search the world through before yon 00aid find'as safe a hiding-place as here, in so remote a part of the great city that it almost bordera upon country. i(>. -J. On a pallet in one corner lay a womasV shawl and bonnet, and the bare adjuncts'Of woman's toilette. On the other side of the tireless grate wasthe bed on which the two boys elept; and'arickety table, two broken ohairs, and some common cooking utensils—now, alas ! uansed. for days—completed the furniture of the place. A pair of tiny boots, and a white overcoat and hat hanging on the wall, pointed to the fast that the little boy in the window wasnot kept at home by lack of clothes; and often be would look wistfully at them, for he felt quite sure he was big enough to takecare of himself, and he wanted to go out and see if he couldn't find " Muver." If the eyea of a rare paaeer-by were attracted by the curly golden head in the window, one lonely child the more or the leBB in the great city counted for nothing, and there wae no living soul to notice whether the woman who had bronght the children there returned each night, or left them, locked up and starving, to awsit-her good pleaBnre, as sbe waB doing now; for one morning she had gone ont as usual, and somehow forgotten to come back. Waddie had given up listening now for tho turning of a key in the lock; and a rap on the window-pane from Daddy's slender hand waa the only music he ever heard. It sounded: sharply through hia dreams, and he woke OB the instant, rubbing his sleepy eyes. " Me is so bungedy," he said, the satisfy' ing spell of sleep being broken; but a sob waa checked by his brother's voice crying : ont, " Open the window, Wadsie, got auc& boo'ful dinner!" The little fellow puahed at the window, which;openedcaaement fashion in tbe middle, and it flew apart, shewing Daddy's head just level with the Bill, and holding up a bag in - one hand and a tin pannikin in the other, at sight of which Waddie screamed for joy. " Take the bag first, Wadsie," cried the • elder boy, "and now the milk—don't yoa. spill itj and don't get off the chair"—and. when his hands were empty he swung himself up by the sill into the room and ahnt the window after him. "0Daddy!" said Waddie, with a gargling chuckle, and waving the bag, to tne imminent danger of the milk, which waned sympathetically, "me do b'lieve it's Barf bun !'' "Yea," said Daddy, with pride, "nice bread yesterday, Wadsie, Bath bun to-day!" " And a drink of milk!" cried Waddie, laughing with delight aa he acrambled off hiachair and.followed Daddy to the table, besides wbioh the elder boy sat down, the younger clambering into hia lap, and nearly throttlinfc him in a soft embrace.. It was, however, brief, and he needed no invitation to fall'to, helping himself with: grert profusion to food and drink alternately, whUe Daddy kept an arm round the little satin heck; and was happy. M 'Ave a bit of my bun," aaid Waddie, when hia hunger wa8 somewhat appeased, and he patted his brother's cheek with sticky fingers, then drew down hia face to rest on his golden curls. . , "iNo," said Daddy, putting tbe tempting morsel from his pale lips. "I had such a dinner down at the yard." •• Wis' me was a big boy to carry tings like '00," said Waddy, sighing—" looks aa if oo'd got a bouse on 00' back! Does 'em 'hart '00, Daddie ?" •• Oh, no ! " said Daddy. " I'm very strong, yon know. I'm nine next birthday—nearly three timeB as old as you, Waddie." " Wis' me had a birfday." aaid Waddie, who had eaten his last crumb (ind drank his last drop. " Me got a rocking-horse last time and Muver—oh, Daddy! does '00 think Mnver '11 come and fetch na Boon ?" Daddy Bhook hiB head; then, aa the little figure drooped, he pat hia hand in bis pocket, and drew out something that h6 held behind hia back. "Guese what I've got here?" he said wtth a emile that seemed to dance aU its lost youth back into hia face, so that when Waddie turned quickly, two happy faces, laughing with dimples, gazed wide-eyed at one another. .. , . . "Sweeties/ 1 ' cried Waddie, with aahont of triumph ; and sweeties it was, and Daddy forgot hia aching back and hia hanger; as he popped one, two, aad three into Waddie a " Mustn't eat them all, Waddie," Baid the pale boy; half to- night and half to-morrow morning—to be eaten one at a time while I am ont" Waddie'a face felL Hia intentiona were always honourable, bnt unfortunately hia memory waa deoidedly abort, and he waa prone to going on the "bust" when left to hia own devicea with a paper of something good on hia lap. "There," said Daddy, counting them oat, I'll pat this half away;" and with Waddie in bis arms be walked to the mantelpiece. On the blackened wall-paper above were some chalk marks; he took op a bit of chalk and added one to the row, and then counted them aloud—seven. „ ., "She'a been dorn a long time, said Waddie, fixing his blue eyes on the chalk marks; " does 'oo think she's ever tumtning back ?" " Oh ! yes,' eaid Daddy, noddiop, though bis heart denied him. " Spose she a trying to get work ; then Waddie 'il have a tire again, and pr'»ps a new toy—and some butter with his bread." vr„jj:„ "Like Barf buns best," said \Yaddie, roddine ; "and she's a crotB 'oomaa—aont like ctots Vomttns. And she told tones, DadBie—Bhe didn't bring us to Waver and Father at all. Wis' we didn't get into the puff-puff, eh, Dadsie?" 4, T, , " Yes," said Daddy, gravely. I m afraid she's very wicked. But it was my fault. I ought to have taken care of you. And she didn't beat us"—be shivered and held the child closer—" and she gave us food and a fire. I think she meant to come back, but p'r'aps " S'posin' somebody's rnnnded away with her?'' hazvced Waddie, with rouad eyes. "Ko, she's too big. But people die Bome- -times all in a hurry, you know—so that Bhe couldn't come." " I 'mem l>er it welly well when she didn't comeback," raid Waddie, nestling closer in his brother's arms, " we was welly cold and welly liunetdy for oh, a ioDg time-yeara on years—after that." ,, „ " Only one night and a day and a half, put In Daddy, smiling. . "And i kjed and kyedwhen you went away and left mo aU by try lone self. "YeB," said Daddy, "it did seem a^ long while and it was so cold then—bat I was obliged to leave you alone, ^Waddie, when 1 went oat to look for work. " Von is very clever," said Waddie, judicially. "Free whole pennies every day; doesn't 'oo think I oonld pick np the little bits of wood and help 'oo ?" "You help me every day, Waddie, said the elder boy, as he placed him on the bed, then croBted the room in the chilly Bpring dusk, and took something oat of a cupboard that he began to eat eagerly, with his back turned to his brother. " Got eome&n; nice there? ' said Waddie s loving little voice. "Scrumptiooo! Would yon like some?" "No—me is full np." Daddy stood by the window munching his dry crust thankfully. Another day of de- \- sertion had come and gone, and Waddie had been fed, was happy; there were sweets for the morning, and the sun had Bhone into the room all day, and kept it and the child frarm. "Take care of Waddie," the mother had said to him when she went away with her hudband to the foreign plaoe with the long name, leaving the little brothers safe, as she supposed, in their own home, and with old and devoted servants to guard them. Only two servants' gossip prolonged on a bright day, only a little stroll of two children beyond the grounds and through the coppice search-' ing tor primroses, where they met a strange woman, who gave them sweets and laughed and played with them, insensibly leading the -little feet farther and farther from home till -the railway station was reached. Only a hasty protest from Daddy when the woman opened .a. door of the train that was waiting and lifted in Waddie, who shouted with joy as : the 'Daddy to make haste or he would be left behind. Daddy was alarmed and afraid, but Waddie was in his charge, so he came too. It had been a long ride, and Waddie had -cried to go home long before they reached ,4he great uitly city, where they were put into; 'a cab and teemed to drive on and on for ever. \- Waddie had oried himself asleep, and to all' Daddy's qaestions the woman was deaf as the: adder, and deaf Bhe had remained sinoe Bhe dismissed the coach at the corner of the' lonely alley, and brought them to this room, j •across whose threshold they had never since' '^She gave tfaem the food that was in the place, and when they had fallen aBleep in teach others arms, she drew nearer and looked -down on them with black eyes that had: •neither triumph nor crnelty in them. They ' ehowed eimply a hard satisfaction, aa if Bhe jbad meant to do a thing and had done it, and •the innocence and beauty of the ohiidren moved her not one jot. \- . She had ne rer liked children, and thanked -God she had none, but the stern sense of Justice that bad made her steal them, effectually hindered her treating them with cruelty. She neither starved nor beat tnem ; she gave •theni bread and bntter, milk to drink, and a fire to warm themselves by; she even sbrobght home some rude toys one night, and paper and pencils with which Daddy might .draw. ' The rest of the wage she earned, and it was a good one, at a wholesale city house, she divided thus: One-fourth she spent in food, the rest in drink—drinking hard and •steadily After she cams home late at night ^iom her work. She drank with the same slow, un hasting tesolve that distinguished her every action, and it in no way seemed to disturb the ^methodical, even tenour of her life. Every morning she rose in good time, •cleaned and put m order tbe miserable room, cooked her own breakfast and gave the •children theirs, then fetched the bread and ttflk, ind left the boys their rations for the middle of the day and the evening meal. Hew monotonous the food seemed, till the day came when they cried aloud to Heaven |or amorael of bread to Btay their hunger, and there wa8 no reply. When she went out she locked the door behind her, and looked it had been now for the seven days Daddy had marked np with 6halk. On the morning when the boys woke to see an empty bed opposite them they had gone breakfaatless, and all that day they watched the door eagerly; but wlien nightfall came they were only hungrier and colder still, snd Daddy felt his heart breaking, as, after hours of sobs and cries of hunger, Waddie fell into a sleep that almost resembled death. v All that night the boy sat, cold and sleepless, beside his baby brother, thinking— thinking of what he should do. At last night came to him. Their daily milk and bread had not failed them until now, but how had It come ? By work— she had worked and so fed them, and why should not he? He, too. would work for and feed Waidie, and then he would feel as if he were fulfilling his promise to " Muther." Be didn't know how, but he meant to try, and quite early in the morning, when the cold spring BunBhine was beginning So glint in on Waddie s curls, and the little fist was half-stuffed into LIB month, he softly kissed the child, and, unfastening the window, opened it and dropped to the ground. Once below, a thought strnck him—he drew the window close, then hunted abont till he found a bit of wood, with which he wedged the woodwork firmly together, so that it would need a bold path from Waddie's hand to push it open. Bat, alone in the cold silent alley, Ms courage almost forsook him, and the pure pallid sky above, the fresh keenness of the morning air, bronght him no help as he walked on mechanically in search of " work." Out of all the vast, toiling population around, dot one seemed to be stirring yet. He had the great city all to hinuelf as he went slowly along, fixing eaoh street and turning laboriously in his mind, that he might know' bis way back to Waddie. He came presently to a rude timber-yard that formed a sort of square inside the great warehouses around, tad to which there was admittance by an iron gate, and the boy stopped and looked in. The enclosure was strewn with every variety and size of wood and plank, with a sawingpit In one corner; but the whole place, speaking BO plainl; ly of busy occupation, was now deserted, , am d Daddy, faint with hunger end the sharp air, pushed the gate open, sat.down on one of tne blocks of wood, and fbr a while forgot his troubles in a stupefied sleep. It may have lasted hours or minutes, bat be was awakeaed by a pash, decided but not rough, and be woke with a start, to see a big man standing over him, and to hear on all sides the cheerful clamour and ringing sounds of axe and saw at work among tbe wood. "What do you do here?" Baid the man gruffly; Jo you know vou're trespassing?" Re was a hard man, and he hated children, because he had passionately desired one all his life, but God had denied him. ." 1 want work," said Daddy, looking straight up into the man's face. -"Ho! ho!" laughed the man grimly;" and pray what can you do ?" . Daddy glanced quickly around. Men were sawing, men weie swinging great axes above theijr headB, bringing them down with a splitting sound on some fallen monarch of the woods, and in one part of the yard boys of from ten to eighteen were binding together splinters and'logs of wood, making them into large bundles, that they presently hoisted on their heads and struggled away with through tbe gate. -' " 1 can carry wood," said Daddy, boldly. The man looked at the boy's clothes, at his hands, at his pin.ched face, and read its story. *" He is playing truant," he thought, *' but I can keep him out. of mischief here, and he is starving." Aloud he said— "I will give you threepence a day for carrjitg twelve bundles of wood ; the boys will show you where to take them. When vou have carried six oome to me ; I will pay yr-u 1)h{{ y our wa&e;, ai.d you can go to dinner." Then that man, soured dullard as he was, got an «xp?riea £b&t; astonished him far, with a sob of joy. Daddy seized his coarse band, kissed it passionately, then broke away to h's work. " He must have ran away from home, and desireB to rongh it for a bit,' 1 he thought, as he turned away with an odd miBt passing befoie his eyes. Daddy was awkward at first, and the other boys, resenting his clothes, were spiteful, and hindered him in every possible way, hustling him and scattering the pieces of wood as fast as his unaccustomed fingers fastened them together. And the thought of Waddie crying alone and deserted in the miserable room almost took his feeble strength _ from him, so that it was long before he got his first bundle on his back and followed Boms of the others to his destination—a kind of marketplace where the poorer people around bought their fuel. , . To his joy he foani that the place was close to the alley where he lived, and coming back, he slipped from the others, ran to the window, and peeped io. Waddie was kneeling up in bed, histace hidden by his falling cnrla and the hands ha held np before it, his little day shirt slipping off his rounded shoulders and limbs, while his body was shaken by sobs. " Muver ! muver! muver!' he was crying over and over again, like a hungry little birdcalling incessantly in his lonely nest. " Me want 'oo, muver; Daddy's dorn away and left poor Wadeie all by his lone self!" Daddy heard him distinctly, and tapped hard at the window pane. "Waddie!" he cried. "Waddie! come here!" Waddie heard, and lost not a moment, tumbling over himself in his haste to reaoh his lost darling, Daddy. " Me fort you had runneded away too," he said, scrambling np into the high chair. " Oh! Daddy, me ia welly cold, and welly; hungedy '." " Listen, Waddie," said Daddy very clearly, "you are going to have something to eat soon, and something to drink, and now yon must take your toys into bed with you, and pall the clothes all round you. and—and I'll be as quick as ever I can, Waddie." And then Daddy sped away for his life, not daring to look back at the cherub face that seemed to have grown thin during one Sab' bath day and night of fasting. By 12 o'clock Daddy had carried bat five faggots, and he went on with his work when all the rest trooped away to dinner. The master had watched him at intervals, and now came up. " Why don't you go to your dinner ? he said. Daddy shook his head. He could work, but he could not beg. " Here," said the tuan roughly," take half your wage now, and do your seven faggots after you have eaten," and he put three halfpence in the boy's hand. "God bless you!" said Daddy with quivering lips ; then with all the weary aching gone from his back, he flew to a smalt baker's Bhop that he had passed a few minutes before. . The smell of the warm bread turned him faint for the moment, bat he asked for a pennyworth of bread, then enquired of the woman where he could buy milk. She looked hard at the white boyish face, at the half-penny clutched like golden trea sure in his little hand, and then said— "Maybe I've a drop to spare. How much d'^e want?" He held out the halfpenny. She took it and went away, returning pre sently with a tin pannikin holding close on a pint puff-puff" of milk. began to move, and called to " Drink some ol it," she said. HB shook his head—Dadsie mast have some first. He thanked the woman very sweetly, quite ignorant of how she had befriended him, and hastened away. " Bring back the pannikin," she called after him, and he promised, then sped on with feet that joy had winged. . Waddie saw him coming from a distance, and danced up and down in his shoeless feet; he tried tb push the window open, bat the wedge of wood hindered him, and h6 beat with little angry hands upon the panes. Bat, oh ! the joy with which Daddy handed the food in, and presently fed him! Ecstasy were too poor a word to express the swelling joy that rose higher and higher in him_ aB contentment gradually overspread Waddie's face, which grew round again before hiB very eyes! Then he, too, ate and. drank, and together they kneeled down and said the Lord's Prayer, for neither had remembered bis prayers that morning. Then Waddie's brief golden time was over, for Daddy must return to his work, but with a sustaining reference to a Bath bun, that partly consoled Waddie in the time that elapsed before Daddy's return. And thus, with slight variations, had passed the aeven days that had elapsed since the woman, whose very name the boys did not know, had deserted them. Daddy's master seemed to have concerned himself no more about the boy, but long ago be had quietly tiacked him home, and had also looked in at the window while he was away. Seeing a child eating sweets and ap patently well-cared for in the window, and a woman's clothes lying on the bed, he had come to the natural conclusion that their mother came home at night, and that Daddy had elected to do a little work on his own account daring the day. He was not a cartons man, and made it a role never to enquire about people whose cir cumstances might require relief, but he saw that though tne pinched look on the boy's face was gone, it grew paler and thinner every day. And on that seventh day, the point at whioh I began thiB story, Wadsie's loving eyes seemed to find something amiss in him too, and he stole out of bed, and pottered np to nis side. " Das 'oo back ache, Dadsie ?" he said, rubbing it vigorously with his little hand " Never mind ! to morrow's Sunday, and you'll stop at 'ome an' 'ave a 'oiiday !" Sunday—yes—in which he could earn no money ; and he had only contrived to save one penny during the past six days' work , which he had laid out in the bread now in the cupboard. Aijd he felt ili and strange, with noises in his ears, and whispering voices that were nowhere near him. He must rouse himself, and he lilted Waddie, and carried him back to bed, thinking regretfully of that luxury of sweets in which he had indulged the little fellow. Then he undressed him. they said their prayers together, and, warm and happy, Waddie fell asleep in hia arms, while, too weary to undress, Daddy drew the counterpane about him and slept also. Close upon midnight, a step that lagged and faltered, sometimes pausing altogether, came down the alley, and halted at last by the outer door of the boys' miserable home. There was the slow sound of a key turning in the lock, and a woman stumbled over the threshold, groping her way through the small paesage to a door, outside which she sank down on her knees, shuddering and shivering in every limb. The ague-fit past, she bent her ear to the key-hole and listened, bat not a sound, not a breath or sigh, came from within. She had expected this awful silence, this everlasting £tillness; it had moved with her all through the noisy, beating heart oi the great city. But the reality was something more awful still; it took substance and weighed her down like lead, with a physical agony that left her hand powerless to unlock the door, and see what was within. "I locked them in," she said in a strained, harsh whisper, " without food, without firing—two helpless children—and not a soul within earshot if they Bhrieked themselves mad . . . and Tmeant to come back . . . I'd got my wage, but I mast go and look at him and her. . . . I must see their pale faces—see some of the agony on histhat he wrote on mine—and I waited a long ! while, but they came at last . . . haggard and weary they came back to +heir hotel, weary with following np false clueB . . , for not all the father's and mother's love in tbe world, not all the detectives in London had been able to trace them fare. O! my God, my God! Why did I do it:—what have I done?" She writhed to and fro, with contorted arms twisted in the heavy hair that had fallen over her, biting the dust outside that portal which she was afraid to enter. " 1 waB mad to steal them," she went on in that unnatural voice, "mad! He cut me adrift like a dog when he married, though I was gocd enough to be held in hiB arms the day beicre he swore faithfulness to another woman . . . if only he'd told me—if he'd stood up like a man and told me the truth earlier I might have forgiven him , . . bnt the man who doesn't begin his married life witu a clean slate de- , serves all he gets . . . only it isn't h s children's fault . , . and he's alive and they are dead!" The last words ended almost in a shriek ; a panic of unreasoning fear seized her, she drew back from the door, .straining her eyes in the darkness upon it. "I can't go in !" she cried, half crazed with horrcr. "I can't see those little wasted, ; cold bodies. If they'd only eent me to gaol I could have got help for them; but tbe jcursed drink—" she paused and put up her ;hand to the thick oandage bound round her head. "Is never served me such a trick before, but it's ill work measuring cups with the devil, and when that van struck me down "' She pause i again as one who tries to remember. "But to-night—yes, tc-night—1 got my wits back, and when they were all downstairs I put on my clothes and stole cut. They were laughing so loud they never heard me. They, were good people, they never touched what waB left of my wasp. But 1 didn't buy any food fnr the .children as I came along. It's too late." j For awhile she rocked hwse- to and fro but the outburst had relieved the dizzied brain, and gradually some of her nsaal hard courage began to return. I must go in," she said, steadily, " I will go in," and the took a key from her pcckec, and with a firm hand unlocked the door, and crossing the threshold, stood almoBt- without breathing inBide it. A young April moon suffused tho room with a soft radiance that indistinctly revealed the outlines ot the two lads, and showed to her staring eyes a little heap beneath a coverlid that lay no more eilent and stirless than she had expected. Slowly, step by step, she advanced into the room ; in the middle of it she halted, trembling convnlsively, and sunk as one suddenly smitten to the gronnd, then on her bands and knees crawled to the bed, and with oue supreme effort dragged herself up by it, and plucked the covering from the children's faces. " 0 God ! they were warm !" She felt that livirg warmth before she had touched them; astonished, wide-eyed, an ecstasy of joy lifting her above earth, she stretched a hand and felt Waddie's baby cheek;' then with a wild cry upon her Maker, fell back a senseless heap upon the ground. Waddie, awakened by that cold touch,.and having slept a great deal that day, did not relapse into slumber, but lay quite _ still, with wide- opened eyes fixed on the ceiling. Daddy's arms were no longer round him they had slipped a way, and he slept heavily, so heavily that he did not feel the soft kiss Waddie presently dropped on his cold cheek, nor yet the soft breath that hovered loviogly about him. In that dim light Waddie could Bee his brother quite plainly, and something in his face touched him^and caused an unknown trouble in his baby heart; tears gathered ia his blue eyes and fell on the pillow. "Me wis' Muver would oome!" he said alond ; '* she soon kiss Daddy and make him well!" , , As if in answer to him, a low moan broke on his ear—not from Daddy, for he lay still as before, and Waddie sat np in bed, his heart beating violently, and listened with all his might. His mind had never been tortured by ideas of ghosts, and he felt no fear, only wondered what it was, for he could Bee nothing. He heard the sound again, and a gasping cry, as of some one fighting for breath; then he pushed the clothes back softly for fear of awaking Daddy, and rolled his chubby limbs to the bottom of the bed, alighting on the floor with a big bump. He knew in a moment who it was lying there, and saw the white bandage half hidden by the streaming thick hair; understood, too, in come tender childish way, the agony that was in the woman's eoul, and which racked her body, and kneeling down beside her, he put nis little hand on that miserable head, Easing— " Poor ooman! Has 'oo hutted 'ooself, and so 'oo crald'nt turn back ?" The woman raised herself, looking wildly at tbe innocent, anxious little face so near her own, then with a low cry she snatched him in her arms, covering his feet, his limbs, his hair with kisses. Waddie made no objection; he forgot those weary nights and day8 of cold and hnnger—for a child of three bears no malice and his memory is divinely short—and presently of his own accord he kissed her. She wrapped the skirt of her dress warmly about him, as they held a conversation in which the simple, monotonous life of the boys during the lastaeven days was told. " God bless Daddy!" she said once, with trembling lips. "Dawd '• bless dear Daddy!" echoed the cbilu. " Us thort 'oo very wicked," said Waddie, in conclusion, shaking bis bright head. " Us didn't know a nasty old 'orse had rnnned over 'oo ! Did it hurt'oo welly much?" He fell asleep soon after that, and all through the night, and the clear etrengthening dawn that showed all the loveliness of the little face on her breast, she sat there motionless, while one by one the devils that had possessed her slowly and grudgingly left her eoul. It was a human being, with a possible future of redemption, and not a fiend whose every earthly and heavenly hope had been long cast out, who rose at last, and laying the child In her own bed, drew near and looked at the boy whose courage and, patience had saved her from the crime of murder. He still Blept, bat with the dull lethargy of exhaustion rather than the. light, peaceful slumber of ohildhood. Dark blue shadows lay under his eyes, his features had that worn and pinched look that is seen in half-Btarved gutter children, the hands lying outeide the coverlet were scratched and torn, and in some places bleeding, and the suffering of years, not days, was stamped on the fair looks that still retained their natural expression of soodneBB and truth. The woman's breath caught in a hard dry sob. She half-stretched her hand to his head, then drew it back—Bhe waa not worthy. Throngh her.brainthere flitted two half-forgotten lines: "And shines upon the still face on the bed: Yes ! it is morning now !" "Oh! no," she cried aloud in her agony, " not that—not that! O God, say that I am not too late." The cry disturbed Daddy; he moved restlessly. " Mother !" he said. " Mother !" The woman stooped over him, and lightly, reverently, covered np those disfigured hands; then she knelt down beside him, and for the first time since she had lost her innocence, wrestled with God in prayer for that one little life, pouring oat her seal like water in her great desire. Balm and healing came to her there. It was a humble and repentant woman who rose at last, and, removing the bandages that hid the cruel wound in her head, bound np her hair, cleansed her face, and stood at last, a haggard, beautiful wreck, whose will, at least, wonld furnish strength far the work that she had that morning to do. For a moment she paused by Waddie's side, and her IipB moved; bat it was at Daddy she gazed longest, when, on going oat of the door, she looked back. The sun ehone down on the pallid boy, and threw its motes on Waddie's golden curls. Slowly she moved away—they were safe now—each step that took her farther away, was bringing nearer to them — " Muver!" THE END. 