The Silver Atol. A TALE OF THE SEA. You must allow an old seaman to spin a in his own way. What I want to tell about is the story of a London ship, and about rats and atols. Atols are those coral reefs, or extinct sub- marine craters, that appear suddenly or gra- dually above the surface of the ocean, and in time get fringed with palm and cocoa-nut trees, often a nearly perfect circle of reef surrounding a large lagoon, with pure white beach glistening in the sun, the calm, trans- parent water inside, and all around outside the sea for ever chafing and dashing against the coral barrier. These sometimes have an entrance from the outside ocean. Now you know what atols are, we'll go ahead, and I'll tell you something about rats, and then about a London ship, and splice all together in a neat and seamanlike way. About rats, there's no shore-going person knows what they are able to understand. Stormy petrels are supernatural and ghost- like, but they ever and always flit in the wake, tapping over the wave crest with their tiny feet, never rising much above the sur- face, silent and solemn, the very incarnation of a dead and gone past, restless as the spirits are of sailors that have died at sea. But rats, Lord bless you! they speak and hold meetings, and concoct plans down in the run; and they know as much as the skipper does. No matter where a ship hails from, if she is in dock, and the owner designs her for a voy age to the West Indies, the dock rats sit in congress, and walk solemnly on board over the mooring hawser, or astride the gangplank. After her destination to Greenland, the old rats have a meeting, and on shore they all walk again; but if they decide to stay, they examine the ship like Lloyd's sur- veyors. If bound on a tropical voyage, and those rats walked on shore, I wouldn't ship in that vessel for double wages; for the rats have comdemned her, and she's doomed. Just you go to sleep in your bunk in a sugar ship and you will soon know that rats speak and hold parliamentary meetings, and work and play like Christians, and send out scouts and organise forages. O Lord! what can't a West Indian rat not do? And if all hands fell overboard, they would navi- gate her themselves to some place where they could walk ashore dry-foot. Now, about the London ship. Some forty years ago, there was fitted out in the West Indian Docks a large ship-rigged craft, fri- gate build, of over 2 500 tons, named the Nadir Shah. Her officers wore the uniform coats and naval buttons (lion and unicorn) of H. E. I. Co.'s service. She was heavily rigged, had open maindeck ports, and fitted in every way as the heaviest 50-gun frigate, except as to guns and number of crew. She was a perfect model of marine beauty and power, and had five mates and 65 of a crew, and boatswain, carpenters, and an army of idlers —butchers, cooks, and cabin servants. So in course of time the passengers came on board, and among them the Master of the Mint of Bengal, in charge of some quarter of a million worth of sycee silver, which had been brought from Calcutta to London to be assayed. The cargo—railway iron, hydraulic machinery, and water-pipes—amounted to some 3000 tons. Now the vessel swarmed with rats, the Nadir Shah's former cargo having been sugar. There were regiments of them. The two tugs came alongside, and down the river she went, and anchored at Graves- end and shipped stores and hoisting the 'Blue Peter,' made sail, and stood out to sea. The watch on deck some nights after were talking under the lee of the longboat when says one to the other, 'Bill, I seed such a queer thing; the night afore we hauled out of dock, blowed if I didn't see about five hundred rats walk over the starboard bow hawser on to the wharf, and run along into the sheds.' Every old sailor-man jumped up. 'Oh, you infernal fool,' faltered one, 'why didn't you speak before? for this ship will never sight land again ajont the Channel.' After that the men searched for rats as for hidden treasure, but not a squeak or a sign of them was to be heard or seen. Fancy or no fancy the fact was that the absence of those rats threw a gloom over the vessel fore and aft, and was discussed, laughed at, dreaded or un- heeded at first, till it became a creed that the ship was doomed. So the voyage and the days went on. Reader, were ever you in a hurricane or cyclone? It is like nothing else on God's earth or sea; it has no resemblance to a gale or a storm. A hurricane is twenty-four gales of wind lashed together, and a cyclone is just the whole of the hurricane let fly all at once. It can't be adequately written about or described, for it stuns the memory and appals every sense. It is Jove himself on the wings of the wind, riding on the storm, so unutterably grand, so unspeakably terrific —the Spirit of God as He moveth on the face of the waters. You can't call it blowing; it is beyond and outside that word; it is irresis- tible. Heavens! mate, if ever you do pray for deliverance, put something in your prayer about a cyclone. Mind you, when the Nadir Shah left London it was long before the Suez Canal was known, so, of course, her passage to India was round the Cape. There was no incident till she had left Table Bay. The officers of the Indian Service, the merchants, ladies, and other passengers passed the time as usual on board an India- man, and all went well. But those rats were bound to be solemnly correct. We shall see, mates, what we shall see! It was the hurricane month in the Indian Ocean. Every seaman knows the signs—a wild lurid sky, intense 0ppressive heat, the steady fall of the barometer. There is plenty of notice, and the prudent shipper has his top gallant-masts struck and every sail stowed with double gaskets, boats extra lashed, skylights secured, and hatches bat- tened down beforehand. Nowadays, with direction and tables of the 'Theory and Laws of Storms,' ships en- deavour to sail out from the vortex, the position of which is supposed to be ascer- tainable by science; but this was the old style—'Stow everything that can blow away, bayyen down and hold on.' There lay the Nadir Shah in a calm, rising and falling lazily on the long swell; under you the sea is lead, overhead the sky is copper and pitch; then comes the lightning and thunder. Great Heaven! it's like none other ever heard before, but a cyclone; it is the artillery of all creation; and then, as the scud flies over- head, and down it comes and throws a pall over sea and ship. It is louder than a roar, for a wind and thunder hell seems let loose from out the caverns of the deep. An 80-ton gun wouldn't be distinguished—its sound would be lost; if a vessel was laden with gunpowder and blew up, no dying seaman would realise the separate sound. Pray God, mates, you may never be in a cyclone! With, the first shock of the blast the Nadir Shah, staggered, as the milk-white foam flew over her, and then, under bare poles, with six men at the wheel, she went gunwale under, paid off, and flew dead be- fore it twenty knots an hour. Right through, the waves with, a crash, beaten down by the hurricane, flew on the ship, when down came the terrible night. No order could be given or could possibly be car- ried out. It was as if the ship was driving through a tunnel in an earthquake. At some number of bells—for who could mark the time?—on a sudden the ship reared up, bow in the air, and then a terrific shock went through her, and every spar blew clean away flush with the deck, and all hands were throw down. It was dark, dark as the mouth of Hades, but the Nadir Shah neither rose or fell upon the water. Each man and woman lay where they were thrown, appalled. Gradually the sky cleared astern, the blessed light straggled through the rift, the scud whirled and flew overhead; instead of the one continual roar, there was at times a loll, and little by little the clouds flew ahead, and the horizon cleared, and the radiant sun peeped out. And there on a silver beach, when the storm had passed lay the shattered hull of the Nadir Shah, in the inmost recess of a coral reef, atop whose barrier she had leapt on the crest of a giant wave in the pitchy night by an unseen entrance. The Nadir Shah was entirely built of teak, and when the storm had passed it was found that her bottom and bends were shattered to pieces; the iron cargo forced up through the decks; and spars, rigging, skylights, and boats mixed up in unutterable confusion. First was ordered a muster of the crew, and some thirty were missing; thirteen were taken out dead and crushed beyond re- cognition from amid the wreck; two Indian officers and one lady had disappeared, and many others were wounded and disabled. With seamanlike rapidity the wreck was cleared, tents set up on the beach, and meals cooked and served out. The lagoon in which the vessel lay was fully three miltes in cir- cumference, with a belt of fringe of coral some three or four hundred feet across divid- ing lagoon and ocean, but there was no ves- tige of water or vegetation. Things shook together. The dead were laid below the sands, stores got ashore, tents rigged, and preparations made for patching up the wreck of the boats. 'All told, they mustered 68 souls, and then the silver freight was got from the wreck and carefully secreted and covered up on shore, and four boats were soon available—for it was impossible to stay, because want of water was already felt, some of the tanks being stove in and empty. The boats available were four in number viz., the two from the skids, 26 feet long, and two whalers, 27 feet. Oars and sails were provided, and stores, compasses, with as much water as could be carried in safety. The first boat was under the skipper, with three ladies and fourteen of the crew. The second boat, with the chief officers had the rest of the passengers and nine hands. The whalers, one under the third mate, and one with the boatswain, had the wounded and disabled between them,—the course ordered to be steered being S. E., so as to hit the Mau- ritius, by dead reckoning 250 miles distant, or thereby. Though the surface of the lagoon was as smooth as a sheet of plate-glass, yet outside the rollers broke over the reef; so it was look out for a lull, as the surf swept all round in a swirl to leeward as well. The entrance by which the vessel was swept in was the worst broken water of all. Well, when all was ready, rollers were placed under each boat, and they were hauled over the ledge to leeward. First of all the skipper's boat was run off with a line fast to her stern, and dropped small anchors a little distance off; then the whalers hauled out by her line, and the other boat followed without casualty. The ship, dismasted, was just visible from outside, the ridge generally be- ing some fifteen feet in height. Then the captain gave the final orders—'Keep to- gether if possible; keep a lantern burning in each boat after dark; steer due S. E. mag- netic; and all hands to be on short allow- ance, with water especially.' And then each boat hoisted a lugsail, the commanders took the helm, and, with oars each side, they shaped course for the island of Mauritius. From this date a great silence falls over the scene; the curtain for long, long years was unlifted. It was seven years or so after the Nadir Shah was posted at Lloyd's when the H. E. I. Company's surveying vessel Kurrachee was cruising among the coral islands, that they discovered a white seaman living among the savages. He had nearly forgotten English; he differed in no way but colour from the rest, and was bewilderd when taken on board. Gradually, as his intellect was awakened, he unravelled piece by piece this yarn; but no effort of memory ever re- called an incident later than that of the de- parture of the boats from the atol. How he drifted to that inhabited island—how he had been taken or drifted or cast on shore—was to him a mystery and a blank. No trace or sign of the rest was ever ascertained—they vanished for ever. All search for the wreck of the Nadir Shah undertaken by Govern- ment and private enterprise was fruitless. All alone in the Indian Sea, under the tropic sun, will lie the wreck of the once stately ship; the albatross and frigate-bird sweep over the reef; the waves battle and wash over the coral reef, and buried for ever the treasure that lies beneath the white sand beach that circles the lagoon of the undis- covered Silver Atol. 