TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me, and if you speak nie fair I'll teil you news, indiflerent good to either. It happened on the Show ground on Saturday last that the Member for the district, Mr. Alick Bowman, was in conversation with several pro minent constituents, when one remarked to another, " Don't annoy the man about politics to-day." Oh, I'm only making his position secure," laughingly replied the other. " If you want to do that you had better get Mr. - (an unsuccessful candidate in one or two contests for the Hawkesbury, who was standing by) not to oppose Mr. Bowman again." " I have promised," remarked the gentleman referred to, in a tone which conveyed the impression that he had per formed a very magnanimous action. Many long years ago a case of horse-sweating was heard at the Windsor Police Court, when a lad, who is now a middle-aged and well-to-do fanner in the district, was called as a witness. A local solicitor, in oriler to shake his testimony, put the tisun! questions to him regarding his knowledge of the nature of an oath, and having asked him where he would go if he told a life, the youthfi.l witness replied, " To hell." " Where is h^il, an l what sort of a place is it ?" queried the solicitor, as a sort of clincher. The boy turned the question over in his mind for a moment and replied, " Wei! I don't know, because I ain't never been there yet." The legal r*tau sat down. The Hawkesbury Agricultural Society's Show is over, and it has proved to be the most success ful from all points of view that has yet been held. The exhibits in every section were strong numeri cally, and as far as quality was concerned it would be difficult to beat them in any district in the colony, notwithstanding the fact that the Great Mogul of the town makes an assertion to the contrary. It is due to all the officers to say that they performed their several duties with an amount of care reflecting the highest credit upon them, individually and collectively. And the Secretary, in particular, is justly entitled to a hearty pat on the back for the untiring energy and zeal which he displayed throughout the three days of the Exhibition. In the interests of the Society it is to be hoped that all future Shows will be as successful as that which is just recently over, and if this be the case, then the district will have cause to be congratulated upon the possession of one of the best educational institutions which could well be established in any well-populated centre. It was a Show day in Kamschatka, and whilst the literary giant who provides pabulum for the "Kamschatka Kourier" was perambulating the grounds in his capacity of " a snapper-up of unconsidered trifles," he ran against a well- known exhibitor from a distant part. The latter referred to the fact that he had obtained a host of prizes and expected that the local papers would supply the public with a full and concise report of the Exhibition, and a list of the awards made. " Oh WE don't do that sort of thing," said the repre sentative of the " Koorier "-" we don't advertise outsiders in that way, unless-(and he put his hand behind his back, and held it as though he were waiting for something to be laid upon its itching palm) unless we get a sovereign or so for our trouble." It's a way they have in Kam schatka, I suppose-one of the customs of that enlightened and progressive country. But the exhibitor above referred to did not appear to be the sort of man the fancy of the " Koorier" scribbler pictured in his mind's eye-for he quickly turned round and treated that individual to as sound a verbal castigation as could well be given. " Call yourself a journalist, do you-why you're not fit and then he lashed right and left in terms which, did I repeat them, would render me liable »o be prosecuted, even by a journalist from the icy regions ot Kamschatka. The scribbler was glad to get away from his assailant, and took precious good care to give him a wide berth for the remainder of the day. This, then, is the way that journalism is prostituted in Kamschatka by persons who are as ignorant of its high functions as a duck-billed platypus is of a Centennial Can tata-and it is hoped that the same despicable practices which are in vogue there will never obtain here in New South Wales, where ALL and sundry who follow the profession are so honorable and high-principled. i Last week Sir Henry Parkes was interviewed , i by a deputation from the Single Tax League, who ! desired that he should, in framing the Local i Government Bill, insert a clause empowering Municipalities to alter the taxation from land and improvements to the valuation of the land alone, irrespective of improvements. Sir Henry replied to the effect that no clause in the BUI would restrict the operations of Municipalities in fact they would be able to work as ! they choose in this direction. This statement j has caused considerable pleasure in the Land , Nationalization camp, more especially as Sir Henry, though some little time ago he saw fit to dub followers of George as " faddists, &c;," appears to have modified his opinions. He wrote last week to Mr. John Farrell, Editor of the " Australian Standard, the organ of the party, as follows:-" I have read the paper with much interest. The high journalistic tone, as well as the marked ability of its articles is very gratifying. I am free to express my sincere delight in seeing intelligent minds honestly labouring, whether I agree with them or not, to contribute their share to the solution of the hard problems yet to be mastered in bettering the condition of humanity." These are brave words, and demonstrate the fact that even those who cannot go all the way with the principle are at least taking a deep interest m the movement, and are willing to accord a meed of praise to those who are so well worthy of it. We were told the other day of a very lively incident which took place many years ago in Windsor. In those days, boys were beys-and jolly dogs of boys they were, too-up to any devilment which might be suggested to them. That was the time when Windsor was known far and wide, when all the town turned out to see a bull-bait or a prize-fight, or some such other interesting novelty in the sporting line. It appears that one day a well-known old identity of the time, who was rather addicted to rum, had, as usual, been taking rather more than was good for him, and he lay down along the bank of the river to sleep off the effects of his potion. Along came two bright young men, one of whom now runs a newspaper in a city of New South Wales-and they decided to play a practical joke upon the sleeping disciple of Bacchus. They got a forked stick, and spreading out the arms of the recum bant man, they secured one hand to the ground by driving the aforesaid forked stick into the ground over the right wrist. They then filled the sleeper's other hand with-mud-and proceeded to tickle his face with a feather. Pretty soon he became agitated, and made an ineffectual attempt j to brush away the cause of his irritation with the right hand, but it being firmly fixed to the ground he could not move it. Irritated again beyond measure, he lifted his left hand, and made a smack at the supposed flies, with a result that was any thing but pleasant for himself, but which, no doubt, satisfied the jokers who were responsible for the trick. That was a good notion of Mr. Waddell s to try to check the exuberant loquacity of his brother legislators. No one who knows the kind of men who constitute the majority in our Assembly will deny that if they have any ideas at all. not forty but less than five minutes would be enough for their expression. Some of them d®n't ever con descend to think, and yet these are the oratorical bravoes who are continually driving the sensible few among their fellows mad by their bellowing. Even when one of them has got something to say which may be worth hearing, he is not content with saying it as best he can and then sitting down, but he persists in re-repeating his statement with monotonous persistence, and fancies he has performed a great rhetorical feat. " Damnable iteration " is the curse of our present legislators. They are never satisfied to let well alone, but drown sense and patience in their wild and whirl ing floods of talk. Take up a HANSARD, and wade through it* pages if you can. With the ex ception of one or two speeches, you will find nothing in it that does not provoke a smile of compassion or derision. Our affairs have been handed over into the keeping of " windbags," whose j flatulent breath veers round to every point of the j compass, and is never steady or equable. The consequence is that we have nights given up to j uproar, when an onlooker might be sure that | " Chaos had come again and out of all this con- j fusion nothing comes but rancor and evil passions. If Mr. Waddell can't find a cure, and if Parlia- ! ment is incapable of healing itself, every true democrat will long for some second Cromwell to arise and bid these mouthing humbugs " begone and make place for better men." I The short man has suffered much at the hands of writers of fiction. He is never allotted the part of the hero, though there is no valid reason why he should not be. Search through all the fiction you like, and look up the heroes; they are all tall, every one of them, no matter whether they be black, blue, grey, or tawney. This is what you read:-' His tall presence overshadowed and protected her as the pine of the Apennines does the strayed and bewildered lamb;' or, 'His form, far above the middle height, appeared before her in the moon light and she knew that, whatever else happened, she was his for ever and ever.' It is only a very realistic writer who condescended to have a hero of 'average height,' and even he is apt to forget himself and make his hero grow, long after he is past twenty-one, into a ' towering form.' There is a special brand of humanity kept on tap for heroes, all of them men who would have delighted the heart of Frederick the Great, who is quite welcome to them, for all I care. On the other hand, the writer, when he has an unsympathetic character to portray, nearly always make him short. Look at the rascally attorney; " he is always made an j ' nndersized ' man, though there is no reason why he should be. And the writer forsooth, never makes his really respectable villain, the man who | does the bold murders, the kidnapping, and the j big forgeries, particularly short; only those of his villains are 6hort who are mean and contemptible curs. This is distinctly unfair. It is hardly necessary to add that the same writer, when he wants a butt for the exercise of his wit, or for his other characters to play tricks upon, takes a short man who is ass enough to fall in love with the heorine, without the ghost of a chance, and who is cut out, if not kicked out, directly the hero appears; his blighted hopes are made to look ridiculous, and after a humorous failure at an attempted suicide, he is relegated for consolation to brandy and soda. When Hanley Bennett was in Tamworth, running a paper styled the 'Free Selector,' his foreman of the typographical department once ventured to draw the Editor's attention to the fact that it was not usual in journalistic circles to employ the first person singular in leading articles. Said Mr. Dodd to Mr. Bennett-.' You should say ' we,' not ' I'!" Then the mighty Hanley "There's no we about it, Mr. Dodd ; it's me myself, Hanley Bennett." It also happened that where he was running the ?' Independent" in the same town some years ago, poor little Charles Wesley Caddy struck out the same line of procedure, and insisted on his editorials being written in the first personal singular. The '. Tam worth Observer" notes a recent addition to the colonial newspaper press, and discovers that in an article containing 134 lines, WE occurs 48 times, together with many other terms such as " us," " ours," &c.; Too much " we" is as bad as too much "I," and neither areas good as-" me myself!" Speaking at a public meeting held in the Wes leyan Church on Monday evening, the Rev. J. S Moore established his reputation as a clergyman of very pronounced liberal views, and gave evidence of the possession of that eloquence, self-reliance, and energy, which are necessary attributes of pastors of all denominations wish to draw congregations, and make the churches to which they are attached popular and self-supporting. In one portion of his highly instructive and spirited address the rev. gentleman said :-" We are jealous of no man. We do not denounce bim because we do not see as he sees, and because we do not believe as he believes-but if he lifts a fellow creature out of the gutter and makes a respectable man of him-if he reaches any maa whom we cannot reach, and does good work in reclaiming him from evil courses, then I say ' God bless that man, and God help him.' If a man has got kinks (as the Americans say) is his nature, let us all endeavour to remove them, and be will be a orach better man afterwards than he was when he had the kinks in him." These are noble words, and the sentiment they contain is one which does honour to the Christian speaker who gave them utterance. A liberal tone pervaded his whole speech, and though the audience who heard it was limited in numbers, tbey listened with marked attention to every word which fell from the rev. gentleman's lips, and I am sure felt sorry when the address was brought to a close. If the same liberal sentiments found place in the deliverances of all men, there would be a marked change for the better; the strained relations between class and class, colour and colour, nationality and nationality, creed and creed would speedily cease to exist, a new era would set in, and the world and the peoples of the world would be the better and the happier for it all. It is a remarkable fact that no sooner is a man convicted of some hienous offence and condemned to suffer the extreme penalty of the law in this colony than a few individuals step forward and agitate in favour of his neck being saved. It has been so in the past, and it will be so, perhaps, in the future. A few weeks ago the man Buttner was convicted of a diabolical crime, and sentenced to death. The details of the crime were so brutal that even the worst section of the Sydney press refused to publish them, and yet we j have some high-minded humanitarians coming forward to plead for the life of the person who ! committed it. It is right that every argument in I favour of the condemned man should be made use of, and that every attempt to deal out even handed justice should be used ; but little notice should be taken by the authorities of these miser agitations of those organized by persons who have an end to serve, and who expect to gain a little bogus notoriety by their actions. Every oppor tunity is given the Counsel of the accused in sudh cases to produce evidence when the grave charge is being heard, and unless statements made after the trial are made on oath in the ordinary way, no credence whatever should be attached to them. It is all very well to fire squibs into th« columns of various newspapers, but these may or may not be manufactured for the purpose, and until their authenticity is vouched for on oath, they remain nothing more nor less than mere assertions, devoid of proof. Handsome George Rignold made a speech at the Dillon-Deasy-Esmonde Meeting, into which, in a dozen words, he crammed more matter than Crick or Jawbone Nield could give utterance to in a g-hours harangue. He simply said, in ac knowledging a vote of thanks, " I will answer you in the words of Shakspeare, ' It is the cause, my soul, it is the cause.' " 