iaks and f ketches. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TE40I0 STOBT OF NANA KLOSSTOCK., THE QDEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," " The Three Recruits," "John Needham's Double," Ac, [ALL BIGOTS RKSERVEU.] PART II. CHAPIEB III.-TWO MEBBY SISTERS. " It was tbe opera of (Jarmeu, aald f tulip ; " a favourite opera of mine, beeauae it seems to me to be a consistent and possible story, the muBic and words deftly wedded, the chorus people coming in naturally, as part of the story and not merely to sing. Indeed, it is the only opera in which one's imagination does not seem to be especially or remarkably handicapped, when at a tragic momeot the hero begins to sing, and when the heroine, being stabbed to the heart, or dying of poison, does not also burst out into a wonderful effort of vocalisation." "Uh, you demand realism in opera, do you? Atad yet I hear you prefer a light melodramatic work, such as Carmen, to the great Wagnerian dramas." " But 1 don't make any sweeping criticism for or against any opera or any composer," Philip replied. "Carmen always appealed to me somehow for its utter naturalness ; I may be wrong, I dare say I am. Well, it was at the scene where Micha vol tries to persuade the soldier lover to go home-the scene with the banditti in the mountains, yon know-when I was suddeuly conscious of a new presence in the bouse, not upon the stage, but in the theatre. I had glanced aside for a moment, and in the box immediately opposite-Lady Marchmount's box, in fact-I saw a faoe partially hidden among the curtains, pale, earnest, with great bright eyes, and a halo of dark red hair ; the lips were parted, the face all eager and wonderfully beautiful, and it seemed to me as if the eloquent eyes feU npon mine. I was fascinated ; aa I gazed, the face gradually withdrew into the shadow, of the box. When the act waa at an end I visited Lady Marobmount. While I shook hands with ber ladyship, i looked round ber box. ' You expected Lord Marchmount?' she said. 'He is obliged to be at the House ; but I think he will come before the end of the last act. My girls are with their aunt ; I am quite alone. Will you not sit?' I thought she seemed to be talking and explaining why she was alone for the sake of puttiog me off my inquiry as to the lady who waB in the box during the bandit scene ; I don't know what made me think so. ' But the lady,' I said, ' who was here a few minutes sinoe f' ' What lady t' she asked. ' She WBB at tbe baok of the box,' I said. * 1 have had no visitor that I am aware of, except yourself.' ' I beg your pardon, perhaps it was in the next box : I am aure you will forgive my curiosity, Lady Marchmount, but it was a very remarkable and beautiful face, and it went straight home to my imagination aa the very face I want for a picture I am going to paint.' ' That is a convenient excuse you artists make for introductions to pretty women, but I have had no lady in my b^x to-night. If, howover, you are in search of beauty, what say you to Madame Petronovitch ?' She indicated the royal box with her fan, and handed me bor glass. " " I looked over the way and saw a handsome foreign-looking woman, chatting with a distinctly BuBsisn officer ; both animated, the lady evidently happy, the officer somewhat constrained in bis manner, and with, aa I thought, a cruel mouth, and a cold resolute eye. 'General Petronovitch,' said Lady Marchmount ; ' tbe famona Ensatan diplomat and soldier, making a tour of Europe by way of honeymoon, ooupled with official business ; is to honour the Italian Court during the coming festivities at Venice; a compliment to Italy which troubles France, and does not delight Germany. Lord March mount waa to have come to bring the General to my bax, and no doubt will. Won't you stay ?' ' Xhank you, Lady Marchmount,' I said, ' I have a friend who is a stranger to town,' which was perfectly true: a young fellow to whom my mother was anxious I should pay attention. So I left the box, and made a survey of the house from various points, but my mysterious and beautiful vision was nowhere to be seen." " It was not a vision after all, eb ? not a dream, face, incident and all !" " No, it was a reality, and I cannot help tbinWog Lady Marchmount had some reason for saying she had no other visitor except my- self." "But surely she would not have told a deliberate lie about it ?" "She might have done so with a reser- vation." " But why ?" " Ah, there you bring me to a dead stop." " Would it have been possible for the lady to have gone into the box and Lady March mount not have seen ber ?" " Yea, if the door had been left open, and Lady Marohroount had been deeply interested in the play ; but she was not. Her interest was in the Bosaian party in the Boyal box." " Waa the stranger long in the box ?" " About as long as it took me to tell you of her." " She was very much in earnest, you say ; was she deeply interested in the opera ?" "On reflection it seema to me she must have been directing her gaze upon the Russian box; and yet also I fancied she looked at me as well. But the incident was brief,"and what struck me was the wonderful, ead, tragio beauty of the face." " Madame Lapukin's ghost. Phil I" " No ghost," said the artist, his eyes npon the face he had drawn. " Then we will And her. You have all one requires," pointing te the picture, " to assist an independent eearoh. 'Wanted, a mysterious lady, last seen at the opera of Carmen in Lady Marehmonnt's box, half hidden in the curtains, reminded an enthusi- astic artiat of--' " "Don't «coff, Dick," said Philip; "you have no idea how serious I feel about that face." " Of course yon do. One only wanta tbe assurance of your canvas to know that. But what other steps, if any, have yon taken to find Madame ?" "I have been to the opera every night Bioce, in and out. making calls ; I went into the Milbanke'e box. '1 hen another took my mother ; another went into the stalls. I have strolled into the Row, cold as it is, and I have called upon Lady Marchmouut," " And no clue ?" " Not the slightest." " What does Dolly-Miss Norcott-say to it?" "To what?" "To your search for the mysterious beauty ?" "I have not mentioned the eubject to her." " But I thought a young fellow mentioned pretty well everything to his fiancee." " Dolly is not my fiancee," said the artist. «.Is it all off, then?" lt was never all on." " Oh, indeed ; excuse me, I thought from what your mother said the other night that it was settled, and that you were going with the Milbankes to Venice." " I am thinking of going to Venice." " And taking a studio there for a month or two?" " Yes." "Convenient to have Dolly and her very amiable sister there at the same time ; eave you from ennui, and enable you to forget that woman's fara." " I shall never forget it." "Nor will the public," said Dick, "if yon finish your picture as you bare begun it. I don't want to surprise your seoret, bat Miis Norcott ia a very bright, charming, and desirable yoong woman.' Philip's reply was interrupted by a triple kncek at the door, followed by a merry, musical voice, which asked, "Ie anything dreadful going on ? May we come in !" " That ia Dolly," said Philip. "Bounded to me like Mrs Milbanke," said Dick. " She said ' we,' " observed Philip, going to the door, " and that ' we' means Dully and ber Bister Jenny." "Of course you may," said the artist, leading in a pretty, fashionable girl of a little over twenty." "Jenny is with me-she stayed to speak to the porter's wile. Here ehe is ; come in, Jenny, there is nothing dreadful going on, only Mr. Chetwynd," said the young lady, in a pleasant voice. "Oh yes, there is," she continued, all in the same breath, and locking straight at Philip's sketch. " What a miserable lot I But how clever ? Is this yours, Mr. Forsyth Î" " Vee, I think so," said Philip, his manner somewhat consttained as Compared with bis frank conversation with Dick Chetwynd. " One of Forsyth's dreams," said Chetwynd, at the same time greeting Dolly's sister, Mrs. Milbanke. " What a queer dream," went on Dolly, " but Mr. Forsyth has ugly dreams." *' Not alway«," said Dick, smiling in his bland, calm way. " You are looking charm- ing this morning." "Oh, I am not one of Mr. Forsyth's dreams : I am a very sober reality. Am I not, Mr. Phillip Forsyth?" Here she turned ber merry eyes upon Philip, and was the very antithesis of the woman in the picture. Dolly was beaming with good health, a pretty blonde, dainty figure ; very modern, an artist would say, and so she was in drets, style and manner ; a tenniB player, a Birt, and yet at heart a goodnaturcd pleasant Londou girl. And she was London, every inch of ber, with all the London chic and audacity ; fearless in her pleasant ignorance of art and all it branches, except the art of dress and the art of small talk ; she would talk on anything, art or what not-the musical glatses, or the music of the aphereB ; she laughed at her own ignorance when it be- came too apparent, but she could waltz divinely, sing snatches of all the modern operas, comic and otherwise, play bits of Wagner, Chopiu, Mendelssohn, Sullivan; never finished anything, however, and was altogether a pretty, dainty, amusing, light- hearted London girl. And her sister, Jenny, was a great deal like her, only a little more staid in manner and conversation, she being married and Dolly only on the eve of being engaged. They were of medium height, both of them, the one a little prettier than the other, both merry, both touched with the Society mania of knowing the " smartest people, don't you know ?" both flirts, both genial, pleasant and good women. Once in a way some conceited person of the opposite sex I would mistake their tree and unconstrained manners, and trespass by suggestion or remark upon what they considered their good nature, and then it wouht be revealed to bim aud sundry, that Dolly and her sister " Btood no nonsense," to use a favourite phrase of Mr. Samuel Swynford, an admirer ol both the sisters and especially of Dolly, for whom it was generally known he oherished a more or less secret passion. " They both like a bit of fun," said clam to a friend, who had heard of a snub Mrs. Milbanke had administered to a certain noble lord, " but they know just how far to go, and any fool who is not equally well informed comes a cropper, I can tell you, if ho presumes upon their good nature, lt's like a bear transaction against a strong syndicate. I knew a fellow who did a big bear OD Nitrates just aa tbe rise began ; he did not know how tbe North wind was blowing, any more tnan did yon noble lord when he ventured to discount the high, unblemished and beautifully moral characters of Dolly Norcott and her sister Jenny." . They were daintily dressed, the two merry sisters. Dolly might have teen called a harmony in pink ; for if ber doak was of dark plush, the lining was of soft pink silk, and her hat was of some indescribably pinky salmon colour, in tone sud sympathy there- with. Jenny, her sister, was dark, not a brunette, but her hair was avery deep brown, ber eyes hazel, her complexion what Disraeli would have oalled rich, and while there was a strong family likeness to her sister, she was not ai pretty aa Dolly, nor had she the fresh- ness of youth, that was Dolly's precious pos- session both in faot and in appearance. Dolly was twenty three. Jenny was thirty. Jenny wore a plush doak of a dead gold colour, and unbuttoning it, disclosed a lovely dress of ruby silk. She wore a plush hat to roatoh her doak, tall and stately with nodding decorations, such as gentlemen find very awk- ward at theatrical matinees, and against which one of the free and independent states of America is about to pass a law. Before it comes into force it is to be boped the fashion of exaggerated hats will have chanced, though lt must be admitted that the prevailing fashions are not unpicturesque. Dolly Norcott and Mrs. MUbanke might have been presented to the most querulous American critic of tall hats as very pleasant arguments in their favour, and one would not object to have had the two ladies put into competition with any two American beauties of their age, or indeed in competition with any two sisters of any other country, though of late years America baa claimed the palm, and many Englishmen seem to have conceded to them the claim for feminine beauty over thc old country and every other. But no woman in all the world grows old as gracefully or beautifully as an Englishwoman ! There is Lady Marchmount, for instance. She is nearly sixty ; she looks forty, has the voice of thirty, the manners ot a matron, the heart of a girl ; there is not a wrinkle in her face, nor a white hair in ber head. And yet she does not, as do maoy American ladies of her age, dress as if she were twenty ; she accepts tbe fact of her age, assumes the role of a matron who is a grandmother, and pre- serves, as she will to her laBt days, a charm of manner and a womanly grace which is ex- ceptionally the inheritance of Englishwomen. "Don't go on our account, Mr. Chetwynd," said Mrs. Milbanke ; " we only called because we were passing, and Dolly wondered what Mr. Forsyth was doing. We have been calling on Lady Marchmount." " Many people there ?" ask Philip. " No, tweoty or thirty," said Dolly. " The usual set : members of Parliament's wives, a prima donna engaged to sing, a thought reader, aod several persons from tbe Italian Embassy." "Many ladies?" asked Philip, bis mind ruDning on the woman nf the opera. " Why, I told you,'' said Doily, " the same old set; are you still dreaming? There was j a very pleasant man who knows Venice well ; he says we ought to stay there at least two montbB-that for his part he could live there for ever ; and Jenny told him you are going to have a studio there and paint, at which be was deeply interested." " Oh, here you are," said Mrs. Milbanke, as the porter's wife entered with tea. " I ventured to ask fer Borne tea, Mr, Forsyth," said Mrs Milbanke. " I always think it is so delightful, tea in a studio ; aud especially when lhere is no fusB and the men can go on smoking. ' Liberty Hall,' ss Mr. Samuel Swyuford says." "Jost so," said Chetwynd. "Has Mr. Swynf'ird mude a fortune yet?" '" 1 am sure I don't know. He was very mysterious the other night with Walter about some Transvaal mines that are a certainty. 1 don't quite know whether he ie a bull or a bear, but be says they will go up to ten premium, and that when they do be is going to bave a holiday. He bas let Walter have a few shares." " Which I fear will settle poor Sam's pros- pects," chimed in Dolly, "as Walter told bim ; for if ever there is au unlucky fellow in the world, it is Walter." " He does not think so," said Chetwynd ; " at all events he does not look it when he is out with his wife and sister." "Ab, be is a dear fellow-Walter," re- marked Dolly, sipping her tea, and suddenly remarking to Philip, " won't yon make me a cigarette? 1 might take one whiff, eh? There was a Unsaian woman at Lady March mouot'a who emoked a cigarette, much to everybody's surprise ; it ia true abe only smoked it in the hall when she leaving. They tay cigarette emoking grows on one like dram-drinking; your mother, Lady Forsyth, allows it ether Sunday Evenings, j Mr. Philip?" " Yes, Philip replied, " she allows, many things which I don't think I would permit." " Walter won't let us smoke," eaid Mrs. Milbanke ; " not that we want to, but he won't have it at all, although l o himself smokes from morning till night." " Walter is very fuuny about hid smoking," Baid Dolly ; -'he says it is a good thing tor the house, and a good thing for him, but a bad thing for women- taints their breath, makes them mannuh, which be hates. But your have got rather a mannish woman in your picture, Mr. Forsyth." " Do you think so ?" " Yes, but I suppose she is intended to be tragic, eh ?" " Yes." " I thought eo ; the young man is dying of cold and weariness, and she wants to help him, and that Cossack soldier won't let her. What a look she gives him I It will be a fine picture." " Do you think so ?" exclaimed Philip, with a smile of satisfaction, " Dick is pleased with it." " Then it must be good," remarked Jenny, " if Mr. Chetwynd thinks so, and ¡B not afraid to put bis thoughts into wordB." " Indeed, you seem to know me, Mrs. Mil- banke. What a pis-ant thing it is to have a character that everyone can read like a book to wear one's heart upon one's sleeve, as Shakespere bas it." "For dawe to peck at, eh? Then I'm a daw, Mr. Chetwynd, thank you. You didn't taink I knew my Shakespere, I suppose. Come, Dolly, now we must go. I have scored off Mr. Chetwynd, and I will not stay a minute longer." "That is so like Jenny," Dolly remarks to Philip ; " whenever she wins anything she leaves right off. Some people lay down their cards or their bat or leave the tables when they lose, Jenny always IeaveB when she wins." " Except that once, Dolly, at Monte Carlo ; do you remember I Don't think I gamble, Mr. Chetwynd, but at Rome do aa the Romane do. We were at Monte Carlo last winter with Walter, and, of course, we went to the tables. I know nothing about Faro and tbat kind of thing, 1 simply baoked the red-it was tbe day before we left-it oame up five times, five times ten pounds, and then I put all the fifty on ; it came up again, and theu I would leave. Don't you think I was wise ?" " You are always wise, and always delight- ful," said Dick. "Come along, Dolly. Good-bye, Mr. Forsyth. I know Mr. Chetwynd is going to say something sharp and cutting ; 1 won't hear it. Come along, Dolly ; I can bear the cardage on the gravel. I told him to come for us in a quarter of an hour. Au revoir, Mr. Forsyth ; you are coming to dinner." "To talk over Italy, and especially Venice," said Dolly, turning the battery of her eyes upon Philip. And what lovely eyes they wete, blue as an lt »lian sky, her lips as red as its coral, and her whole figure, appearance, manner, voice, the warm pressure of ber hand, radiating health and sensuous good nature. CiMrrER IV.-THE MILBANKES AT HOME. " By Jove, you are to be envied," exclaimed Dick when the two women bad left ; " as fine a woman as the moat fastidious Sybarite with a love of life and domestic happiness could desire. Just the kind of girl for you ; not too learned, no dreams, enough appreciation of art to give you a frank and useful opinion the outside opinion, the opinion of the public ; no sulks, no mad passion, plenty of common sense, good spirits, a nioe little fortune, would entertain your guests right merrily. I think your mother is very wise to encourage the match. And the right sort of family to go into. Walter Milbanke is as good a fellow as there is going ; got a eoug conveyancing praotice left by hit father. His mother is rioh. Dolly's people are in good sooiety and well off, and Mrs. Milbanke is one of tbe most charming and agreeable of hosts. Why don't you settle it al!, Phil 1 You are the sort of young fellow Who should get married. You want sympathy, and you want a comfortable and well-managed home." ''übe is a delightful girl, Dolly-as you say, Dick, very pretty.' I am sure she is generous, in spite of that suggestion of worldliness that oomes out in ber conversa- tion. But abe is not like that with me. I think it is part of the current coin of Society talk ; bot 1 bate Society." "ito, you don't, old chap ; you hate what people call Society, what your mother calla Society, what my wife calls Society ; you enjoy that, and you can make your own set. When you marry Dolly, you can interpret your own idea of Society, and. translate it as you please. Come, old fellow, don't brood over the gold medal ; don't thiuk too much of tbe model you want for the forlorn woman in the foreground We will fiud her, or another as good. C-ime up into the East End one day (your tragic heroine has a Jewish cast of countenance), I will take you to a Jewish quarter where you will find several Polish faces that might sit for your Siberian picture." " The .despair would be there, perhaps," said Philip, "but not the beauty, not the dignity, not the strength, not the threat ol vengeance in the eyes, not thu deep étrange reminiscence of Buffi-ring I saw in tho mouth, and in the clenched, bony, but relined fingers ; no, that is a face I should say one is only likely to see once in a lifetime." Let us follow Mrs. Milbanke and her sister home. Dolly Norcott lives with her parente at Norwood, but Bpeods most of her time at Westbury Lodge. St. John's Wood Road. They call it Westbury Lodge because Waltei Milbauke has an estate at Westbury, neal BriBtol, and there is a little territorial vanity in this association of name. It is a pictu- resque, two-storey houae, fenced in aud look- ing the daintier for the fencing when the front gate is open and you get a glimpse of a lone gra-s covered path, at tbe end of which then is a tesselated hall, and beyuud a bael Karden, with tennis nels and flowers. Westbury Lodge ie by uo meaos palatial, but it ia Bufticient for the wants of the Milbaokee, Walter often declaring that if lie were wortn twenty thousand a year he would not want a larger house, nor would he desire to live one jot more ostentatiously than at present ; though his wife ventures to remark that she hopes if ever hu has twenty thousand a year he Hill go into Parliament, and work his way into tno Cabiuet as iso and-So bas done, and as So and-So means to do. Walter meets his wife aud sister in the hall, kisBes them bjth, asks where they have been, what the news is, and telle them he haB only just come from the office ; hopes dinner will not be late-he has asked Sam Swyoford to join them. Jeuny says she thinks that unfortunate, and asks if he hus forgotten that Philip Forsytli is coming, aud that the occasion is the talking over the Venice trip. No, Walter says ho has not forgotten ; and the fact is, he says, he does not choose to have th¡B fast and louse business of Mr. Philip Forsyth, and he ie not Bure that Sam Swyn ford would nut be a muoh bettor match. Anyhow he regards it as a good idea to bring the two young fellows together as much as possible, that Dolly may make up her mind, or that the two yom.g fellows may kill each »ther or do something. For his part he does not intend this affair to go on ; if Philip accompanies tnem to Italy, why, of course, that may be said to settle the question. "But be would go, Wally dear, whether we go or not. Ile has taken a studio there, or intendB to do BO." " He expressed no intention of the kind until he knew we were going there." .' That is trne," the wife replied. " And his mother has twice spoken to me about Dolly, and expressed a hope that abe and Forsyth would make a match of it at once. ' How happy could I be with either,1 eh ?" continued Welter, patting one erm rosad Dolly and another round hie wife, and leaning them into the drawing- room. "That's yonr sentiment, eb, bolly ?" " Oh, I don't know, vVally. I think I like I Philip beet. He ie romantic and interesting ; far more distinguished in appearance than Sam ; and is likely to make a name and a great position." " When you will have to do all the wor- shipping," said Walter. " These artistic geniuses, these men of distinction-authors painters, artiBta, actors- they don't make good husbands as a rule ; they have whims and humours-moods, I believe they call them ; the more successful they are, the more dreamy and exacting. Society spoils them." " But I am bound to say Philip puts on no airs," Dolly replied ; " he is very modest, considering how clever he is." J "Ob, yes, no doubt; but when snocess .2 comes then comes hero-worship and all that -W sort cf thing. For show, I daresay Forsyth 'm would make the best husband ; a tine, hand- % some young man to sit by your side at the * opera, to drive in the park, end for other women to envy and try tc get him away from you. But for a Rood, honest, devoted, use- ful, and wealthy, bnsband-and 1 say wealthy advisedly, he knows what bo is about-I would back Sam Swynford. You could have your own way with him, just as Jenny has with me." This Walter said with an audible chuckle, adding, " Sam is by nc means the fool some people affect to think bim ; I know that he made ten thousand pounds last week in Primitivas-bought them at seventy and held on like grim death till they went up to two hundred anil tweuty. Think cf the courage of a stroke like that, and the knowledge ; there is not a cooler head nor a softer heart on the whole Exchange. And now, my dears, aa yon are in full possession of my views, I vote you go and dreBB for dinner and act accordingly." (To be continued.J 