iSïliss Tessie Chapman's Lectures. On Thursday evening Miss Tessie Chapman de- livered, in the Adelphi Hall, West Maitland, the first of two lectures on the Roman Catholic Church, entitled " Tho Confessional Thrown Open." There was a limited attendance, including a few ladies. Mr. R. Jacob occupied the chair, and introduced tho speaker. At the beginning of the discourse some stones were thrown upon the iron roof of the building, to the annoyance of the audience and the slight discomposure of Miss Chapman, but this shameful conduct was stopped after its indul- gence had made people uncomfortable. Miss CHAPMAN quoted from a Hobart paper published in the Roman Catholic interest, an extract charging her with delivering hogwash to her hearers. If she did so, the stuff she dalivered was at any rate gleaned on the fertile fields of Roman Catholicism. Acknowledging the value and solace of confession to friends in whom the penitent had confidence, and from whom Jio expected sympathy and counsel, she yet condemned the system of con- fession enjoined in tho Roman Church as a system calculated to enslave the minds of men, and bring thom under tho domination of the priesthood. A daughter might very well confess to a mother, sure of sympathy, pf consolaton, but priestly confession was invited that the priest might forgive or punish, forgetting that punishment should be left to a higher Power than man. It was a practice that degraded womanhood. She was not about to tell any indelicate stories, but purposed to unfold the tendency of the confessional by proofs and argu- ments, supported by personal reminiscences. Con- fession carno to us from an unknown source ; it was certainly the offspring of primeval barbarism yet it had never been used for purposes so utterly vile as those for which it was used in the Roman Church. The Bible gave no authority for the practice : it was not enjoined either by Christ or the Apostles, and incidentally it was condemned by their teach- ings. St. Peter, who was claimed improperly by the Catholics as the first Bishop of Rome, gave no countenance to tho assumption of priests of the right to say " I absolve thee in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost." Some words in the epistle of James were occasionally referred to in defence of confession. But they enjoined re ciproial confession,-"Confess your sins one to another"-a practice that would be decidedly in- convenient for the priests. The one case of con- fession to a piest mentioned in the Bible was that of Judas Iscariot, who afterwards went and hanged himself-a significant fact. The departure of the speaker from the Church had caused no small dis- turbance. It had been variously ascribed to her ignorance of the creed and to her natural de- pravity. The fact was she was like a digger who unearths a nugget of gold-she had found the truth. Ireland was the metropolis of Catholicism, which had been introduced by St. Patrick. The saint had banished serpents, but in bringing the priests into the land had introduced an influence moro baneful than that of serpents. Though her severance from the Church was abrupt, it was the outcome of distrust which had long been growing. In the confessional a priest had put a series of insulting questions to her which she resented, whereupon he prayed that God would paralyse her \ tongue if she spoke of the matter. The prayer had been so far effectual that her tongue never went before so much as it had done since that time. She complained to the Bishop, but failing to obtain redress, she revolted, The aver ago Catholic no doubt thought the word of his confessor more potent than the word of God in the Bible, and priests used the power which this estimate gave thom. They employed various allurements and incitements to commend the con- fessional : with men thoy were modest, but the relations set up between them and women in the confessional conduced to laseiviousness. The nominal celibacy of the priesthood wa3 in fact more honoured in the breach than in the observance. The conditions of confession were-Without dimi- nution, disguise, or concealment ; and it was a strange thing that the more religious a person was, the moro ho was expected to come to confession. And goodlooking girls were urged to come more frequently than old men and women. Wonder was often expressed that enlightened Catholics could believe a priest had power to forgive sinB. As a matter of fact there were no enlightened Catholics who believe it-with enlightenment came revolt from the Church. That the priests claimed the power was unquestionable. Quoting from an authoritative manual, The Citcchiam of Perseverance, the speaker showed that confess^ ^was defined as tho only means established,by Jes\w Christ for the remission of sin, and among the powers enjoyed in holy orders was expressly named that of forgiving sin. And in the same treatise priests were credited with a dignity supeiior to that of angels. Banning the confessional as a prolific source of vice, she yet did not asperse the characters of Catholic women generally. They were for the most part pure, but they were pure in spite of the confessional, not because of it. Ireland was a Catholic country : so was Italy. Irish women deserved the reputation for chastity which they enjoyed, and the confessional did not mar it, but Italy was a hotoed of immorality. It was indeed necessary if the powers attributed to the priest were allowed to recognise in him a semi-divine character. But what was the practice of the con- fessional ? The fact was that questions were put by the priest to young women penitents which would earu a horsewhipping from brother or father, if a young man dared to put them to a yoxing woman. Why should the priest he allowed to ask questions for putting which a street larrikin would be severely punished. The penitent was compelled to confess thoughts as well as deeds, and in fact the most ob- scene questions were prescribed in manuals for the priest's direction in the confessional. The impurity of these manuals was acknowledged to be their defence against sweeping public denunciation . their character WIIB so shameless that no one dared to read them aloud, andfso they never could become known. Miss Chapman here detailed some of her experiences before Bhe left the church, more par- ticularly in connection with masses for the dead. Among other things she had learned that there were no Protestants in purgatory : they went to hell forever : the intermediate place was reserved for the just. The confessional, she went on to say, was a potent instrument of Jesuitism. The Jesuit says, " Give us the schools and the confessional, and we are the masters !" and the confessional was indeed a means of mastery. It initiated priests into every phase of the life of their flocks, it provided thora with domestic spies, as was shown in tho early days of the Inquisition, when the whereabouts of reformers* literature was re- vealed by means of the confessional. The institution in fact served all the purposes of a private detective office. For the purpose of maintaining her Bway over the people, the Church required children from the age of seven to confess. For, if they did not bend the twig they could not hope to train the tree. " Give the boy to us up to the age of eleven years," said the Jesuit, " and you may do what you like with him afterwards." And, having that feeling, they had naturally opposed the State school system. Yet, remembering that countries in which the Church was dominant were more criminal than other civilised communities, it was truly audacious on the part of the lote Archbishop Vaughan to denounce State schools as seed plots of immorality. The penitent was encouraged to confess by an assurance of the secrecy of the confessional. But the obliga- tion to maintain the seal of confession justified perjury in the priest, and enabled an adulteress to deceive her husband. Truly, the confessional was a purifying tribunal ! After giving an instance of priestly duplicity, derived from her own youthful experience, Miss Chapman explained that after her revolt, she had too literally obeyed that injunction of St. Paul, " Prove all things, hold fast that which is good," and from the extreme of Roman Catho- licism, had gone to the extreme of Freetbought. But she was becoming convinced that in the interest of the human race it was necessary to build up a true system : it would not do io remain satisfied merely with pulling down a false one. It wasa fact that in Ireland children were encouraged tohate ether denominations, and everywhere and always the Church encouraged and fomented this feeling of hatred. Roman Catholicism was a system which made perpetual demands upon the purses of its adherents, yet it had failed everywhere-in Spain, in Italy, in France, in Ireland it was a manifest failure. And it waB the duty of men everywhere to protest against a system in which the priesthood enjoyed all the luxuries and enjoyments of life and left the poor and the toil-worn to their misery and wretchedness. Priests, like other men, must be taught to join in the work of making the world better, and must learn that no man can justifiably live unto himself. \ 