Molfrousno ■ Gossip. (From our own Correspondent.) The “move, on" clause lias been the cause of considerable trouble lately, and the officious policeman, if lie is destined’ to reap nil the ill wishes that have “ en bestowed upon him by visiter^ fvnm.thu country, will have a pretty bad time of it. He is, of course, only carry ing out hi» duty when he saunters up to a little knot of people that have stopped for a moment on the sidewalk to Bpcnk to each other, but if he would only adopt a more agreeable manner and exercise Borne little discrimination in the business, it would be the better. The very people whom he should move on—the bookmakers who hang about certain quarters to the inconvenience and annoynifce "of pedestrians generally, he avoids altogether—but ■ the moment two strangers happen to meet and exHmnge a few words, he pounces down upon them and orders them off as if they w* re criminals. The duty is, I know, a disagreeable one, but it him al ways puzzled me to understand why a police man can be so shprt tempered and manifestly uncivil to the resp'ectribP* portion of the com munity. It beeins as if directly a man puts on the police uniform lie becomes absurdly officious and looks upon, unoffending, persons as his imtujql/eqemies—to prosecute whom is hi* sole mission in life’ Fo» positive and con firmed imbecility, coupled with rudeness and hopeless inenmpetenoy, commend me to the average Melbourne'-constable enforcing the “move on" clause. It is freely believed in well informed cir cles that Hia Excellency the Governor will not return to tl\q colony after the expiration; of his six months leave of absence. What reason there may be for this idea, or upon what ground it Js based I know not, unless it is thought scarcely*‘-worth* while Sir Henry Loch should come back to complete the very limited balance of his term of office that will then bo left. The appointment of Sir William Robinson to discharge the absent Governor’s duties lends additional colour to this surmise, and, it may be, the Imperial authorities have in contemplation ultimately making Sir William hia successor. Sir Henry Loch, it is admitted on:all hands, is fully entitled to the holiday he obtained—because since his arrival in the colony he has been worked very hard. Lady Loch has also taken upon herself a large share of the duty of dispensing Govern ment House hospitalities, and has displayed an energetic interest in all charitable move ments, She will be greatly missed in Vic torian society, of which she lias been for the past four years the acknowledged and very popular leader. Business of a private nature takes His Excellency home; and, in addition, it is only natural that he should be desirous of learning what Ivs movements are to be on the completion of his present term of governor ship. Sir Henry is a liberal in politics, and hie is a Glndstouian appointment. The Con servative Cabinet now in power may not be disposed totreat him with the amount of con sideration he would be likely to receive from a Liberal one. We nil hope, however, that he will.enjoy his trip, and that substantial pro motion awaits him. Saturday next is to see the final closing of the Exhibition, aud visitors are thronging to Melbourne in order to have a look at the great show, before the opportunities for doing so shall have passed. The daily attendances, therefore, have been exceptionally large; and if the same.nvernge could only have been inaiutaiuecl since the place was opened, the hms on the undertaking would probably have been trifling. From the first the Exhibition was badly managed, and it is only wbhin the last few weeks the Executive Gommipsioners awoke to the fact that some additional attrac tions is the shape of amusements were urgent ly required. The switchback railway no doubt is a very popular means of enjoyment, especially for ladies and children, but tt is not everything, and n visitor to the Exhibi tion may be excused Iflm looks for some extra, if less exciting.form of entertainment. To a certain extent this has now been provided, and during the past, few weeks or so a variety of amusements were to be obtained in most of tho courts. The.proposition to turn por tion of the annexes and grounds into a winter garden :met; with no encouragement either from the- general body of commissioners, the Government, or the public at large. Prob ably the feeling is that the Exhibition has been a big enough frost already. Judging by appearances, that ardent stu- • dent of Burns, Mr. Nimmo, will have a de- j cldodly lively time at the forthcoming general election. His qundum friends, as well ns his political foes, are arrayed in a solid phalanx against him. His retirement from the Cabi net is clamoured for by the Liberal members of the Assembly, ho is the special beta noire of the •‘ Licensed Victuallers’ Association, whilst his ■ present constituents in ■ Emerald Hill are wrath over his ill-considered action with regard,to the contract for iron pipes, and have expressed their intention “to take it out of his hide" when the time arrives. As a last straw, the South Melbourne Temperance Poli tical Council—to which body lie is indebted in a large measure for his seat—have now withdrawn from him the light of their coun tenance, and regard him as “a traitor to the Another addition has been made to the Eng lish vocabulary in the word “Brmlangism.” It i», of course, conceived much after the same fashion as was the expression “to boy cott,” and the popular French statesman who iv supposed to hold warlike propensities, U the cause of the trouble just as in the same way •lto as Parnell is the raison *’etre of that heading, which Melbourne journals are so fond of using when they write “Pamellism and Crime.” And now that I think of it, the Boulanger divorce case is scarcely likely to come off. It is said of Madame Boulanger that in all Europe there .is not a match for her in the art of nagging and baiting an un fortunate husband. The real reason of the lady’s dissatisfaction is that her education being narrow, she is always fancying herself snubbed and slighted, and is miserable with her grievances, and would bo still more wretched if sho had not cause to feel aggrieved. Mora than this, she is afflictad with liver com plaint, and that should cover a multitude of sins. She began the divorce by quitting the General and taking refugo in a convent. The husband, however, advised by his lawyer, tummoned her to come back to the conjugal domicile^ and'to hia horror she at once obeyed Boulangel:bow pleads that Madame put her self in the wrong in quitting him for tho con vont, and>that the summons for her to come back was a pure formality. The question now is whether.the divorce court judge, who is to try thp suit, .will take the'same view. Few people—especially those rabid teeto totallera—are sensible of the risk they run in drinking water. Yet we are - told by tha members of tho Medical Congress, which has recently concluded its sittings, that the pre valence of hydatids in some parts of Victoria and South Australia Is distinctly traceable to a bad and tained water supply. What follows? Are we to drink nothing but tea or coffee, or water only when it has been boiled? The temperence advocates will have to face this question, more especially as I hear a case of hydatids is seldom found in a man who takes his whisky regularly. Which it better, to chance tho risk of death; by alcolholtra, or by th« bursting of a hydatid cyst? The' Now,. Sauce, —Ask for V Pomona Sauce,’’ a- now and- original oompound of fruit‘ 'vegetables. Special ;cliarac fceristics—purity, piquancy, popsinic. ‘ All Grocers. . <* The greatest appetiser, stomach and lifer (iregulator-—Dr,; iSoule’e, American Hop-Bittors/f : i # r Tfciv Poll tills for1 Hnlf-a-crown ! This •• emi a liberal offer, but it in quite true that by using a box of Egyptiau Eye Salve you may safe' Ten* Pounds in’ doctor**’-bills.-1 y The Boo rh am an Shooting Accident.— Thomas' Jones,' .the' swagman j who war .idiot in the back and heck Inst week, at' dloorhanwn, is much better, and is out of Returned to Lite.—Another curious “ resurrection ense” lies enlivened the in habitants of Vhiso, near Lyons. A few weeks ago a well-to-do inhabitant of the tmvn fell into a trance and was officially certified ns dead as a door-nail. Pre parations were made for the funeral, when, on the night, bel'o' i that mournful event was to take place, the supposed dead man sat up in his coffin nnd called for a drink. The person who was watching beside the reputed corpse was alarmed and ran awav; so the rather substantial ghost got out of his coffin, imbibed the contents of a bottle of wine which, was on the table, divested himself of his grave-clothes, donned his suit, and then woke up the members of his family. . Next day, amid great revelry and rejoicing, the local Lazarus, went to the mayor's office and reported himself alive nnd kicking. Fatal Accident at .Pcecliellm.—Last Tuesday week a serious accident hap pened to Mr Timothy Lee, of the Lower Ovens Bridge, Peechelba. which termi nated fatally on Friday at about, 8 o’clock. It,-appears that deceased was riding home in the dusk of the evening \yitli , his cousin, ,Mr Jas. Lee, the latter , being ahead, and when near Cameron’s farm his companion was astonished to see Timothy's horse gallop past riderless. James immediately went to deceased’s assistance, nnd finding him much hurt hail him conveyed to his dwelling, nnd sent for Dr Denis. The doctor advised hisTcmovnl to the Wnngnralta Hospital, for the convenience of treatment ; but being informed that deceased had a brother within four miles of Yarrawongn he allowed his removal there. After re moval Mr Leo showed signs of improve ment, although the lower portion of his body was paralysed. Mr Jni. Leo says a tree had fallen across the road, nnd be thinks the saddle must have slipped round when deceased jumped the horse at the obstruction. Deceased, who Wus twenty seven years of age, was for a long timo in the employ of the Rov. Father Kennedy, anil was greatly respected. lie lately took out a colonial wine license, but find ing the business not congenial was about to dispose of it ; in fact, the purchaser had arranged to conclude the transfer on the day following the accident. A Journal of Viticulture.—We hare received from the Department of Agri culture the first Bulletin of the above journal, which is being issued monthly by Mr Dow. It will contain full reports of tho discussions of the Board of Viticul ture, valuable information regarding vine culture, nnd nows and notes interesting to vignerons. In the number now re ceived are reports of the meetings of the Board, conference of fruitgrowers, papers on vinegrowing in California — whose .climate, diseases, etc., closely resemble our own—an article by Mr De Cnstelln on winegrowing in British colonies, nnd papers connected with the proposed 'college of viticulture for Rntherglen., Mr Dow knows the value of this Tonii of education, and uses it throughout his department in n way never before ex perienced it) this colony, nnd at a time when it is most needful. The subscrip tion to the journnl will bn 10s Gd. per annum, and it will he edited by Mr J. J. Shillinglaw, the secretary to tho Board. Every vigneron should have the Bulletin on his bookshelf. District-grown Grain.—At tho special grain show in connection with tho Mel bourne Exhibition, openod last week, Mr J. G. O’Counor was awarded honorable mention for an exhibit of wheat grown on his farm at Bsrnnwurthn. Qunt Quatta Sports.—A very pleasant day’s sports was held at the Qunt Quatta Hotel on Saturday last, when upwards of 150 lovers of sport attonded. The foot racing was well contested, and very ex citing. The principal event, a Sheffield Handicap of £10, was won hy 0. Kns chort, with R. Yates 2, nnd J. Wright 3. Tho Hurdle Race fell to tho lot of J. Wright, with Cronin 2, nnd J. Howell 8. Tho Open Handicap wns . won by 0. Wright, and tho Mniden Piute by A. Wright, while the Boys’ race .was won by young Darby. The high jump was won by Cronin, being closely pushed by Morley. 1 Tho Vine Diseases Board.-—Mr Lnn kester, secretary of the Albury Vine nnd Fruit Growers’ Society, has received the following letter from the secretary of tho Vine Diseases Board :—" Vine Diseases Office, 81 Phillip street, Sydney, 21st Jnnuary, 1889. Sir,—The members of the Vina Diseases Board, having noticed that your association believe that they are trying experiments with vines infected with the phylloxera pest, have directed mo to inform you that this is not tho caso. Experiments were mnde some time ago, and were cnrofully watched by the board. It was found that some of the specifics were of a very deadly nature, completely destroying tho vinos nnd tho insects. This lioing tho case, the Board as soon ns they were satisfied of the destructive qualities of tho specifics, immediately commenced to destroy tho infected vine yard, burning off nil tops and stakes and pouring tho poison into tho apertures mnde to receive it. This method of des truction obviates the necessity of trench ing, which, at this time of tho year, would be dangerous, ns the insect is nearing the flying stage of its existence, and would probably spread- ovor a large area. Trusting tlint yon will accept the assur ance that no experiments nro being made, I am, sir, your obedient servant, Geo. J. Martin, secretary. To tho secretary Vine-growers’ Association, Albury." , Meetings.—On Saturday tho ordinary meeting of tho Ruthorglen Shire- Council will be held, when.Cr King’s notice of mo tion in reference to Doolnn's road will be; considered, and a special meeting will be held in refen nee to the making of tho ■bye-laws.. There nro also several tenders lohecoinddeied the list of which appears, in another column, besides other ordhia y business.; On Monil-y evening ihe Borough' Council hold their i ordinary meeting, when the matter of adoption of the bye-laws will be considered. On Tuesday evening the members of the committee of the Horticultural Society are requested to attend a meeting for the purpose of appointing stewards and 'rqnking all necessary arrangements for thel purpose- of carrying out the show,' which promises to he a groat success this year. Grain Agency.—Messrs Dalgety and Company announce on our fourth page that they arc prepared to receive consign ments of wheat, flour, oats &c.;, for sale either in Melbourne or shipment to London. 'J'ho company offer special in ducements by-giving free storage for three months, ami ns they are a well- known lirnv they should receive a large support of the farmers’ patronage. Fruit Agency,—Messrs Conncher and McDonald, who trade under the name of the Farmers’ Co-operative Association, request- us to mention that they have purchased the business of the old Far mers’ Co-operative Business Association, and are prepared to receive consignments of fruit, to be sold by auction or on com mission. Treatment for Diphtheria.—The fol lowing treatment tor diphtheria, pre scribed by Sir .fames Bardsley. Inspector General of Hospitals for the Presidency of Bombay, India, has been forwarded to ns for publication :—“ Take equal quan tities (say two tablespoonfuls) of tui pen tine and liquid tar ; put them in n tin pah or cup and ,set lire to the mixture, taking care to have n larger pan under it, ns n safeguard against fire. A danse resinous smoke nrises, making the room dark. The patient immediately seems to experience relief; the clinking and the rattle stop ; the pntient falls into a slum ber and seems to inhale the smoke with pleasure ; the fibrinous membrane soon becomes detached, and the patient coughs tip microbes. These, when caught in n glass, may he seen to dissolve in the smoke. In the course of three days the patient entirely recovers. An Appeal to the Charitable.—The committee for the building fund for the Littlo Sisters of the Poor mot at the Town Hull, Melbourne, on the 23rd ult,, Mr Brownless (the Chnnccllor of the University) in the chair. The secretaries reported that the pamphlet published by the committee had been widely circulated Copies bad also been sent to the country press, which had cordially supported the movement. It was resolved, ou the motion of Mr E. h. Zox, M.L.A., secon ded by Hon. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., that the press throughout tho colony be asked to receive subscriptions on behalf of this laudable undertaking. The treasurer's (Hon G. Coppin, M.L.A., and Jns. Hogan, Esq.) reported that, so far, the subscriptions amounted to over £1400, and it was decided to make a strong effort to raise the balance of the £6000 without delay. [Wc will, therefore, be glad to receive aud acknowledge subscrip tions towards the fund.] Riithergleti Borough Council. — A special meeting of this body was held on Monday evening, for the purpose of con sidering the adoption of the bye-laws for tho guidance of the Borough, and the management of the park. There were present tho Mnyor (Cr Hamilton) and Crs Beady, Meehan, McLennan and Benjamin. The cjimnittoe appointed to draw up the bye-laws submitted their report, which was rend, several of the suggestions being adopted. Tho town clerk was instructed to properly arrange tlie snme, and submit them to an ordinary meeting of the council for final adoption. After one or two items were discussed the council adjourned. Minors’ Association. — A committee meeting in connection with tho above was held at the Town Hall, Cliiltern. on Saturday evening, lOtli nit. Tho Vice President (Mr J. Ferguson) occupied the chair, and six members of the committco were present. The minu cs of the pre vious mooting having been read and con firmed, a letter was read from tho Secro tary for Mines, sending forms for report of the prospecting vote of the associa tion. Mr Scott moved, nnd Mr Grunde mnn seconded, that tho foreman of the prospecting party fill in tho forms nnd pay-sheet for tho branch. The following accounts wero passed for payment:— Quarterly funeral levies, £1 17s 6d ; dues, £1 12s 6d ; F. Corke. £4 ; petty cash, £1, It was resolved that the balance-sheet, be printed snd distributed. Mr Alfred Hutchison, steward at the Chiltcm Valley Claim, having sent in his resignation, Mr W. Eddy was ap pointed in his stead. The meeting then adjourned. Fooling the Public.—For snme time past it has been difficult for those who have business to attend the Rutherglen court to ascertain at what time their cases will bo heard, as on Tuesday last a summons was issued for 10 n.m., which was ad jottrnod until 11 n.iii, and then further adjourned until 3 p.m., which appears rather, curious law, thut a man should have to wait from 10 n.m. to 3 p.m. for the hearing of a charge. And it is also opon .to doubt if it would be necessary for him to attend at 3 p.m. when ho is sum moned to attend at 10 a.m. It is to be hoped that now we have a change in tho clerk of courts he will arrange with the locnl justices for the holding of the court at a given hour, either in the forenoon or afternoon, and that all summonses ho for that hour, which would save n deal of delay and worry to all concerned. Mr Bolton’s Candidature.—A Bennlla paper says that, despite contradictions, they find tlint it is on tho cardB that Mr Bolton may come forth, as the following sentence taken irnm a letter they have received from the Hon. ,1. H. Graves will show. . Here is ■ what that gentleman writes :—“ I am told by Mr Bolton, late Postmaster-General, that ho menns to bo a positire candidate for the electorate of Wangnratta nnd Rutherglen at the forth coming, general election." The ."Victorian Year Book.—Volume II of Mr Hnyter's valuable and interest ing book eon tains t he nfficinl record of the interchange, production, law and crime, of this colony during 1887-8. The .figures are constantly on the increase throughout the statistics of interchange and production. • These records of the rapid changes nnd mndifieation in the manner of disposing of Crown lands, of the foundation and development of pro ductive and industrial wealth generally in the colony, and of riie constitution and other reforms, will be a valuable authori- i tivc guide to the historian. The publi cation' is issued to the public at Is 6d. which is very reasonable, considering the amount of useful information it contains. 