Benefit Concert. Notwithstanding the fact that there fire 110 chari table people in Penrith, the concert given in aid of Guard Jamos Moreland in the Temperance Hall, on Weduesday uigbt, was a groat succes?. It will be remembered that some six weeks ago aa: Morelnnd wis braking down some trucks at Ashtield his foot slipped oil the lever under the wheel which ran over his leg, completely severing it from.his jbody. The movement was initiated by Messrs. 'J. Thurs ton, J. Hill and Daniels who worked well through out to make it;siicces ful. . 1, . , The'Hall \vos;crowdcd by nn audience of unfcliari * able' peoplei and' a' laig? number of other unfchari tables^vho did not attend bought tickets to jassist ?tHe object.1 The programme, containing about, twenty-four items, was . well carried Yin't, the per formance on the11 whole tieing'considcrably above the usual run of"amoteur entertainments, Thb con cert was commenced byra pianoforte overture by Mr. Joe Uill, which wiis'creditably played. Tlio cur tain then rose,, disclosing the minstrels in all the clary of burnt cork ahd'smilcs.,\\.Mr. .Dai'i Mongiin acted as interlocutor,.Messrs. G. Hillaud P. Thomp son tamboa.andW.'Reilly and S.' Summons bones. Mr. - Joe lliil,-.accompanist. '' 'After-tl)'e startling statement by i'ambo Hill - that i Ireland waB the richest country in the world'as its capitaiwas always Dublin, Mr.' Daniels sang, the ballad1'- My heart's best love." Mr.. Daniels has ;'a' nice,voice anil did the song justice,'for which -lie received:,a round of .applause. Considerable merriment1 was produced byTambo Thompson's!; explanation that;>' it wasn't that sort of cat;'.': and Mr. Summons then gavo the comic song ''Sift-Sand Sal." : Thereto only one word to express,th'e: manner in whiclrtK|§ was; sung and ? received. . Excellent 1 ..Reeling, in a poctic mood .Tambo Rcilly guve n. ,verso to-: the cilcct that ' .,'.^TSo cat'sa^op'th'o^b'acsCfttdM^il* . { ? iHis feetweipjfu.ll of'b'iistci'^,r His head went up,''his:tailw.ent;d6wn, ; . Arid tho'wind-ble^v tliro'his whiskers. | Some /day' I'irrwander back " was well rendered' by Mr.'iNeil, i who! ha8;n:nice iffifliptmtspd would do well to cultivate it. --Mr. G. Hill gavo "The Merry; Family,", .which; tooknramensely- with the audience, after which. Mr. ...Reilly',' corrected the general im pression abou'tlhe'Housp, that,.Ja,9k.^bujlt, the last sentence, according^. to< that jjcutlemcri srendering, being .' This is"thp: eccle-nasticall'dignifary recently operated upon'by the'tonsoriaV artist whpjperfofmod an osculatory process ^pon.the.idamBels deserted by her friends who extracted the lacteal'.fluid frnm the quadruped whose' ttoros'^vers; un'sj-mmiitncal . who elevated into , thersurrouriding; atmosphere the canine animal1 who annoyedi the specimen of the feline race that, paused the;dpath of the mischevious rodent that fed' upon the agricultural'.produce that was stored in the edifice erected by John. '-' " Called Back" was well.sung by MivJi.ThtirsUm who has a fine voice and knows how to use it. K(smo Kimo," by Mr. Thompson, was also very good,/ the chorus' " sing song Sal " being very amusing. ? The comic song - I went with him," by Mr. Reilly, was'fairly given. The first part concluded, with the sketch ontitled " Go and shut the Gate,'.' in wliich Messrs. Mongari; Hill and Summons took part.:: We cannot say who the ghost was. It wasn't Hamlet's father, wo know, because ,that gentlemen didn't wear the same kind of continuations!- The sketch was excel lently playedi nnd reflects great credit, upon those taking part in it. After a short'interval the second part was commenced by selections, clarionet and1 uiauo, by Mess is. Strange and J. Hill. ? The next Sem was a character song by Mr. Summons"|Hilde brand Montrose." Mr. Summons, albeit his face was a bit .' o£E colour," acted the dude to the life.. Mr. Thompson gave a comic skctch, in which he sang "Gone for ever,"- and was encored twice, giving for the recalls, imitations ^ffithp^bagpipcs and Italian pipe. The latter were' wonderfully imitated, aud as an artist, Mr.'JThompson is well worth studying. Mr. D..Rblstbri!appeared in'a sarid-jigaud spangled tights. He received a screaming encore and replied by ropcating the jig-f^-tights and all.1 Mr. Daniels, "got up to kill'at fifty yards " as a " Kullered han gel," sangi" Thou:'art, so; near and yet so far." It Was feared that the. roof \vas affectcd.bythe energy displayed' in I recalling', him, to ,>which he sang "1 am so fond of dancing.''V^Mr.. Daniel's make-up. as a'giddy little'creature of about. 14 stone was perfect -.and'be'!'well deseryed the'applnuse.. Mr. Mongiin' then intriyucedXMr.; ^ Avlio'saiig " Don't turn the -poori/.man)^frbm.:'ithe 'door." , As; a poetical.'"productibti'^the^'ress';6aid. about it' the' better, ,but>thc;'subject'^ evidently . ' reached the hearts; o£. the, dudionce, asiMr.; Lawes was chthusiastifcally. eticoTed; and* repeated the liiat verse.; ' -Theapplause having at length subsided, Mr." G.! Hiirfc'dve-a lecture on L-u-v, "According to! the lecturer this commodity was first discovered by Sir , Henry Earkes in tjiegarden of Eden. (Pretty rough' on'the- Premierl'wtj aidVt^Wntfv^ie was tbe third. ' party w¥,r'ghd'rlbont.-<3Sd N.T'.) We have already mentioned Mr. Thompson's ability so.need not tellhow ,!.liti';^fo^liiiaSeb':!ii^toWi.^^l3JI}«iia«dIonce' were' niid appeared ; consist df:? onef ,vast griniif roin 1 liegihuing to = end!of .the" lecture.7;: M r.' Mongan *gav0 i a song! and dance . on re appearing !foi^!,w.wW»Uo,\yl»ich^he\^ye " Just out, of respect' tpjMcGitinis.";in a' casual jWny remarked . that'ho nVvcr,'8aw!,Mr'.' D'oe (Hill^' pliiy at anything .that.wM.nofiipriadharitftbl^purpose-a remark fully "endowed bythe.nudichce, by :whom it was; loudly ,a^laiide'd:',,fJ Mr.'Morigan thcn're<j|uestcd Mi^Siihp^, M.P., who was present.toiaddress the audienoc. "/-'M,r,<'S2hey.s'aid that he had been called upon by the Committee to return their very sincere thanks not only tojtl.ose who hnd tfijcen part in tho per forraariccj but also those'wlio'lind so liberally res nonde(l,'to"'their appeal.-V'He would say nothing about the' objeet for which it ,was' given, as every one present;was1 aSvare of' the; particulars. It was given in'the cause of suflefipg humanity by the fel low workmen; of the sufEerer. Moreland had met with a'scri6us: aceident, and he was informed that as soon asjho (Moreland) was strong enough to bear tlio operation .it was ueccssary to remove another portion of his leg. . Amongst all charitable people in the >v6rld;:Austialians stood foremost, and there were none amougst us more ready to give their as sistance than railway servants. He himself had been qnc of thcin 'and he was altviiy's ready to render any assistance jn his po\ycr to such a charitable object SS the present. - Ho would not infjiet a long speech upon those pre-:cnt, he would only thank them once more. lie was sure that the pleasure of those who had subscribed would be enhanced bythcconscious jipss they we're doing a good action, He hoped that it would bo a-long time before another case of this description would occur, but he knew that the Peu rith people were ever ready to help along a charit able cause ; they were ever foremost to help those in distress. The last item on the programme was a fareecalled " Adonis" The characters were well taken and the fun sustained thoroughout; the plot was a sale by a swindling seller of statues of a live statue, which, when a handle in the pedestal was turned changed from " Ajax defying : the lightning " to " Boy ex tracting thorn," &c.; The hero, a nigger servant, does most of the business, which on the whole was very laughable, and a fitting termination to a good evening's entertainment. . 