THE EXECUTION OF LOUISA COLLINS. The thought of a woman being hanged | is a distressing one, and, being- such, it is not strange that there should be heard many objections to the carrying out of the sentence. No doubt a great many of those who have raised their voices on behalf of the woman Collins I are those who regularly. protest against the execution of any. individual, of I whatover sex, age, or degree o£ crimi nality ; but that a proportion of the protesting persons are moved simply by the fact that the criminal is a woman can also not be doubted. Every thing has been advanced in tho Press, in Parliament, and in the appeal court, that could be construed into an exten uating circumstance, but the Executive is immovable in its resolve ; and to the thinking of the most rational in the community, rightly so. Viewed in the abstract, it is admirable that men l are inclined to draw a distinction be tween the sexes in favor of the weaker one, but where woman unsexes herself is -the point for chivalry to stop short. It is only as regards averages that al lowances should be made for woman kind by man. We too frequently have illustrations where,, as between indivi duals, man is decidedly the weaker vessel ; and in such cases a sentimental consideration for the woman would be incongruous and ridiculous. Louisa |fa|ins stands in this relation to man ^HMkumerally. She has proved her ^^^H^lestitute of all the qualities ^^^^^^Mvoman to be respected. fact; proved herself . bfj$ & so far as her ^^^^^^^^^^^^Hfeoncerned, for her \- On our fourth page will bo found 'A Christ mas Ghost Story ' written for our story competition' and other interestibg mattor, Mr C. H. Gale, who has o:cupiod the offico of local agont for four 'years past, will leave Hay noxt woek for Lismoro, to which place ho has boon appointed. Ho will bo succeodod by Mr Prosper Do Mostre, of Lismoro. Tho an nouncomont will be rocoivod wiih regret by thoso doing business at tho local offico, as by the painstaking manner in which ho has dis» charged his official iutios, as well as by his natural urbanity, Mr Galo has mado a host of friends. Wo understand tho change has boon * etfoctedat Mr Galo's instanco, ho boing de sirous of residing in a moro congonial climato. The Secretary of tho Hay Hospital would feel obliged at tho immediato roturn by holders of subscriptions lists for tho year just past, in order that tho accounts of tho institution may be closed. ? The annual mooting of subscribers to tho foods of tho'H iy Hospital will be hold on tho 17th instant at 4 p.m. By an. advertisement eUowhoro persons willing to contract for sup plies to tho institution for tho ensuing year are invited to send in tenders by noon on the day named. 'A dispute betwoon mastor and servant enmo beforo thoPolico Court yesterday, when Sarah Keating, a domestic servant, was charged with disobeying tho lawful commands of her employer, William Brown, of tho Royal Hotel; the dinobedionco complained of was tho act of the defendant in leaving her hired service be fore her timo was up. Mr Brough appeared for the complainant, and Mr Robertson for tho defendant. Tho complainant's caso 'was that he engaged the defendaut as cook on the 4th ulto. at I8i per week, and that on the evening of the 26th ulto. she went oat without per mission, after having boon told to remain in the house. The defence was that tho girl had aright to go out, add that she was justi fied in refusing to remain in the house to servo in tho bar. ,Wheh. tho girl returned on Box ing night the plaintiff told her she could go, and Mr Robertson contended that Mr Brown, having taken tho law into his own hands by dismissing the defendant, had uo remedy in that ooart. Tho caso was diemissod without costs. A cross summons for waj-os, £3 1 e, resulted in a verdict being given for the amount and costs of the sammons. . A lively scene was witnessed in the Police Court yesterday, during the bearing. of tho casos Brown versus Ko ting and Keating vorsua Brown. The evidence in tho former caso was of such a conflicting character that it was qaite impossible for the P.M. to say which party was entitled to a verdict, and ho an nounced that , he was disposed to mako no ordor. At this statement a sort of triangular duol took place between his worship and tho t*o attorneys. Mr Brough would havo ac cepted the u no order'* decision, as bo would then have boon able to have taken out a iresh sammons, but Mr Robertson insisted on a ver diet of dismissal, on the ground that it was the complainant's duty to provo his caso. The attorneys apoke together and alternately at intervals, and woro frequently called to order. Eventually the P.M. ' split tho difference' by dismissing tho case without costs, In the wages caso a lot of irrelevant ovidence was admitted ,with reference to the conduct of the plaintiff allowing men to be in tho kitchen, beforo a decision was arrived at. At the Police Court yesterday,, before tho P.M., RobortRao was charged on remand with Heine of unsouod mind. Dr Kennedy stated that he had oxamined tho accused in the Hay gaoi, and he found that ho was incapible of carrying on a rational conversation, that he wa& violent and excitable in his behaviour, that ho was laboring under various delusions, and that in witness* opinion, he was a dan gerous lonatio. Tho P.M. made an order com mitting tho accused to Gladesvillo Asylom. It i9 stated on reliable authmity that a pro posal will shortly be brought beforo the share i holders by the Brokon llill Proprietary Board j to cat the prosont shares into ton, increasing t tho numbor from 16,000 to 160,000. Tho idoa , is that with tho increased dividends, which | will bo forthcoming beforo very long tho siz® oi tno preeonu euares wouiq necomo too great for most pooplo to do business in, and honco loss to shareholders would result. The pro oosal to be submitted would obviate this, and at tho same time keep the stock in a sizo suffi cient to provont undesirable speculative stock jobbing fluctuations. .Joun Peel applied for and obtained a hawker's license at the Police Court this morning. In consequence of the heavy rains in tho Brokon Bill district portions of tho tramway have boon faashod away, which will necessitate tho suspension of traffic on tho lino for somo time. The mails for Brokon Hill woro des patched via Hay aud Wilcannia last night in stead of- via Melbourne. ?We have boen requested by the Rev. Father Troacy to correct an orrpr which cropt into a recent advertisement. Tho Geoehegan children were said' to have boon sent to the Albucy Convent, whereas they have boon sont to the Orphanage School at that place. The liorder Post says a very simple method has been discovered for rendering the posts of fonces proof ngainst tho ravages of bush firos, and several seloctors in the uorth-west have recently tested its valae with groat success. It' is as follows i— Befo»e erecting tho fonco, soak tho poata for 24 hours in a la'go trough or other vessel containing a solution of alum in the proportion of loz to tho gallon of wator. It will then be found that that tho firo has no effect upon tho wood. Thus' in tho case of posts nnd wires oiily, tho bosh firos could born all around them without tho least foar of damage, as tho soaking readers the posts per fectly fire-proof for all time. On account of tho bad state of the roada the coach from Hillston, duo here at 7 a.m., did not arrive until 12.45 p.m. The only application for conditional purchase at the Local Lands Office yosterday was lodged by Bathia Faith, of Wormatta, via Corowa, for C.P. of 160 acres and O.L. of 480 acres, county Sturt, parish ? Muuro, Morool Creek Run. In another column Mr Geo. Butterworth announces that ho has been authorised to sell privately tho whole of Mr Daniel Murphy's properties at Maude and Oxley. Mr Murphy is leaving the district fur California, conse quently tho properties aro for absolute aVe. Tho allotments offered comprise, we aro informed, the pick of tho townships namod. All information may bo obtained on applica tion at Mr Buttertrorth's office. Wksletan Church.—- January 6tb, morning discourse, ' Tho Biblical valuation, of our earthly life.'. Evening discourse, ' Counsels for tho Now. Year. At 4 o'clock thero will bo a Covenant Service, and the Sacrament of the Lord's Stmnai* I In another column Messrs R. O. McKinney & Co. announce an auction sale of chaff. ! Tub heavy rains on Wednesday night playod sad havoc with a 'number of householders' cellars, particularly those that were not lined with bricks or timber. In most cellars a quantity of water was found on Thursday, and Messers. Morris & Co., estimate their loss by damaged goods at £50. ^^M^ormHtion of Pioe-Btreet is a question ^^^^^Atilocolaldermon do not seem Disposed ^^^^HfcflMl|jMM^£dthat the or where 