i The Barcoo (Q.), " _ BARCALDINE, March 24. THE WEATHER is unchanged. Yesterday masses of cloud came up upon all sides ; and wo brightened up with the expectation of getting some rain. Bat, after a brief shower, realising about four drops to the acre, the olouds scattered, and the sun shone out again. As to-day is again cloudy, we may havo rain yet. The stations aro struggling along. BORES.-The overseer of the Westland boro, who is now in town, discredits the report that the Lans downe boro has fallon in. He informs me that tho . bore is lined with best casing a distance of nearly 2000ft. Mr. R. G. M'Donald, manager of Corinda, writes respecting the boring operations on his run : "The first bore put down is 330ft deep ; the firBt 40ft being through stiff clay, then blue shale for' 242ft, when the artesian water was tapped in a coarse sand stone rock. Got salt water at a depth of 107ft, and fresh water in a pebbly vein at 204ft, which rose to within 40ft of surface The machino is worked'by^ four mon and tho man in charge The bore was about six weeks in being put down ; and the yield of water is 100,000gal daily (twenty-four hours). Wo. are putting down a second bore ; and I expect artesian water every day. It is down 274ft, in tho same sort of ground. I will send word when we strike water." It is impossible to over-estimate such a valuable dis covery as the above with the country in its present famishing stato. Mr. J. M. Niall, of Evora-Dolta, has let a contract to the Canadian Boring Company for putting down a well on Evora run. Thore aro several natural springs in this looality ; and water should bo found without muoh trouble or expense. SHEARS AND SHEARING.-The wool is coming in merrily ; 710 bales boing trucked for the week from tho following stations: Rodney Downs, 389 bales; Bimerah, 151 bales; Aramac, 98 bales; Barcaldine, 52 bales ; Avington, 20 bales. 1400 fat wethers, from Bowen Downs to Rockhampton, was the only truck ing for tho week, Macfarlane and Company con signées. Rodney Downs Station cut out last Thurs day ; Barcaldine is working satisfactorily. During tho wook several country lots of loading have been received. BALLS.-For the first time within its existence two balls woro successfully conducted in Barcaldine in ono night (St. Patrick's night). The first idea was to have a combination affair between the bachelors' assembly and our upper ten. But the coalition did not come off. The bachelors held a ball upon their own account in the town hall; while the business* folks monopolised the courthouse. Both affairs, were very successful. A RARE BIRD.-The Lithgow MERCURY said : For some time there has been observed in the vicinity of Bowenfels, a snow white crow, flying about in company with its sable companions. As might be expected, this conspicuous bird has been eagerly pursued by many a covetous eye, even by its own species, which Beemed at a loss to comprehend the meaning of this ghost-like intruder being among them. No doubt its presence alarmed many of them, as they boldly attacked and wantonly tried to drive away the" un offending bird. Tho bird itself seemed to under stand that it was always in personal danger, as it was ever very wary, shy, and cautious ; and attempts had been made to shoot it. Its existence, was, how ever, terminated last week, when a Bowenfels resi dent was fortunate in bringing the bird down at a very long range. He lost no time in placing the bird in the hands of our accomplished taxidermist and naturalist, Mr. Robert Grant, of Tank-street, who has got this raro bird stuffed and mounted in a very artistic and life-like manner. Mr. Grant describes the bird as a pure albino female, of the common : Australian crow. It is in size and form much ;the* some as the ordinary crow. 