F From the LITERARY WORLD. aalesund to Tetcan. By Charles 1. Corning, (LoLdon iand Paisley: Alexander Gardner) Aalesund to Tetuan is an account of a European tdur madeby an American gentleman who was not in a hurry. lie knew how to drift, and wai o happily inater of circumstances as to bhiable to follow his impulse whithersoever it might lead him. The book opens with his diparture from England for Francc--Ti the Channel Islands, a route whicl he earnestly redommends to his countrymen, adding regret fully: "But they won't take it." Sweden and Korway, Germany and lRussia, Italy and Spain are visited in turn. During his stay in Spain this flaneur co voyaog is tempted to run acr-os to the African Coast and have a look at Tetuan, and is amply rewarded for the effort. Nut after Aalesund, Tetuan seems to have mide the most lively impression upon his inmaination. The charms of this Moorish stronghold were, perhaps, enhanced by the difficulties of gaining access to it. S TEUAN BYT IGHT. 'We came across camel trains and men on oot and an hour before we reached our des tination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our little party and kept with us to the end. In the 'fast gathering night-shades the indistinct evijlences of wayside hnts indicated the near n0s' of Tetnan. The flickering lights and occasional voices were sights and sounds most griteful, for we were fatigued to the bone, and hailed with delight the atone bridge across a sliuggish stream, for it brought us beneath the formidable whitewnshed battlements of Tetuan. It 'was nine o'clock, and the gates had been cl~ed since sundown ; but we all set up.a mighty shouting supplemented by vigorous pusridings, a real international concert, inwhich many strange tongues commingled, but it ac complished its purpose and brought a solitary siliouette to ..the parapets, who..with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what we; wanted. This uncalled for. question'must bSTprescribed in thdegoverneinital :rubric, for our appearance ought' sely to haivedone away with any such interrog:tory.' After 'a long prley, in' which mention of reward was f;uently heard, the silhonetto vanished, -and in.due time, according. to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit fiin the commandant to enter. Even at mid night it was highly ludicrous to watch that Mobrish functionary as he stood in the exas pirating flicker of a lantern, and did his best to note' our names as we gave them.. His big car-rings moved' hechanically as lie tried to citih the strange aihioiitics, but he stuck to his taskimost faithfully,:and after satisfying him self that he had secured our patronymics, we passed downthe narrow inner walks, a weird band, I'm l bond, and then through another creaking gate aitinto the great silent market place, hcmmcdlin by esolid blocks of square white houscs3with miniature casements like so many black eyes peering out upon the night. I do not roemember meeting a living soul in that midnight transit'of Tetuan.' .Do" barked as a matter of cour3se:bit i thei prowling rounder or thip drowsy watehmiian did not come upon the scene." iIn daylight the scene changed and the ddeerted streets became thronged with a motley and picturesque crowd. ; '. xTETnAN nr DAY. ,"The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tngiers, and'all'"kinds"and coioditionb'i f ifen are' met on the streets, the- most abject and miserable creatures imaninable. Disease stricken beggars stretch forth their palsied palhis for money, but nobody takes notice.of them. Then tihersacae along, he prosperous merchant, theb Jold-'oiithed hawkers of snall .ware, the fitr-vendd?, the dkoiey boyswith shrill pipinis aind the sharp-eyed Jew- with hanids behind his back. Then come the Tctuan &omen;, with straw,hats as lari as siartowheels and faces hiddenbehind folds of lidei, 'their eyes peering out and half smilingat..Christian cariosity and jmoder?i trousers: Slaves with bare backs tiggibg.ati their. ;oirk; sildiers counterpaits of our men-at-arms, with long beanpole guns slung onver, their . shoulders ; hunters, with basketsof rabbitdi nd partridges;' and many.other comical-and interesting figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. n' Outin the spacious market-place were crowds of people seemingly doing. nothinahnt oxi ting, . no t mony hidden- cirrente coursed beneath that moving sea of turbans and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, hut they wear a mask, and behind it they keep up a tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades -in dingy bIles and collars, and the traders sit cross-legged in their cuddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern- and yit :just begin trading with one, and in a moment yon will be surrounded with a voci feroas chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how much there is behind the Moorish mask." -ot contaent' with the canonical iailup'theo Niiiwegian s'fiords, this "unttiridigatravelIlr Fpir chases horse and trap and devotes,himself to an exploration' of the interior.' OccaisieoiallyI he has to putnp with very rimitive accommoda- tion. ,,- • - .- - ' . . . .-: . xoBwrECU BED-noot.\ " W ale tlicTorwcgiams are sturdy of stature, their leds are amusingly dwarfed and strangely made:up; . A novice may expect at any:moment tofind:himself in a lump, painfully contorted and aching in every joint, with the bed-clothes on. the floor. It- is', a complete collapse.. 'A generition of travellcrs bad domplained of this auomaly in housekeeping, nntil-the? nido-b6olks came to the rescue andtold how to miikeb one's bed. " Those to the manner born put in!.i'wedge under the"'pillow,- bt we are: instructed .to re mbovetheisame,and- then tuck in the.clothes tightly all round, a process which, after a few trials, becomes efficacious in carrying the sleeper eafely through the night. Another peculiarity consists in hanging the looking-glass so high ' skying' it, in fact, as if it were a doubtful painting-and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood-curdling evolutions. Whenever I mentioned these indigenous things, the good piople of the house manifested great surprise but no pity, and left me to undertake any reform I deemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, making little or no pre tence to historical, antiquarian, or topographical knowledgo beyond the local lore that is current coin' among -tourists. --Being an American he naturally knocks a good deal of fun out of his inr-opean experiences. The drollery is mostly in the incidents, not in the relation. lidnign; i' S'in 'am; or, Bits of Tra'el tiroul h the land os f ti eNorseman-; By Edwin Coolidge Kimball. (London anl Paisley: Alex ander Gardner.)-" Midnight Sunbeams" is also the work of an American tourist. It is a sketch of a journey through Sweden, Norway, and Denmark. The sail from Trondbjcim to the North Cape is not all poetry, however, and a visit to a whale-oil factory affords material for realistic description in the sphere of the loath some. Thoe almon diet, supposed to be one of the attractions of the fiord trip, seems to have been rather overdone on the North Cape steamer, Kosvj 11alfdan. "Almost the first word the tourist will learn in Norway is Lax, (salmon), for he is absolutely certain to setb it upoai the table every day during Iis stay in the country. During our steamer trip: we were Eerved with salmoe three times daily: it came upon the table, boiled, fried, broiled and smoked; we were served with salmon salad, salmon jelly, and salmon pudding. "The pudding is tlhe chefd'<eorre of the Nor wregian cook's art. The fish is first separated from the bones, cut into small pieces, and after being chapped fine is mixed with eggs, milk, and flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, and boiled in a mould. It is generally made from salmon and cod or hallibut arranged in layers, and as it appears upon the table it looks like a mould of strawberry and vanilla ice cream, or a variegated Italian cream or blanc-mansc. Its consistency is somewhat firmer than the last, and as we ate it for the first timne at dinner, served after the soup, we were full of wondering and questioning as to. what it could be. A - lobster or shrimp sauce is eaten with it, and it forms a palatable dish ; we did not relish it as well upon its second appearance at supper cut into slices and frieil. "The smoked salmon is uncooked, and is cured and prepared imuch like smoked halibut. It . always graces the breakfast table and we be came quite fond of it, although many dislike it exceedingly. "Notihbstan~ling the fact that the Norwegian salmon-dr'gg.gSe itf-6r-h'--eat? -i'tiiuld; flud: we took'on'new supplies 'of themi at thbo little lorts, where they had lbeen taken fresh from the 1 water, yet after sitting down to thirty-three meals in succession whbre Lazin some form was always one of the constituents, we must confess thlit, though we started upon the voyage with a great fondness fdr salmon, at its end Lax had lost all its charms." A visit to the Svartisen glacier was one of the suprelhe delights of the expedition. . THME SVARTISeSN LACIEO? - "Aswe advanced amid this magnificent scenery we proceeded up a narrow fjaod, whereo the glorious sight of the Srartisen glacier burst upon our view. The Srartiscn is the second, largest glacier in Norway, an enormous mantle of snow and ice forty-four miles long and coverieg a space of sixty-two square miles, spread out upon a plateau thousands of feet high, from which protrude snowy peaks. From this plateau descend several glaciers between the mountains, and we now viewed the one which descends the nearest to the sea. The bright afternoon sun shone upon this grand glacier, which for ages has been umoving slowly downward, until its glittering mass of snow and ice extends almost to the blue water. Nothing could be more beautiful than this pure-whbitecong:aled streau, as we viewc its course, flowing from the great ice-fields above, amid its dark frauming of barren rock,- down to the green slopes at the base ofthe mountains. "' We landed in small boats upon the rocky shore and started to walk to the glacier, but the distance, which from tihe steamer seemed but a few rods, lengthened into over a mile. After two days of confinement upon thesteamer it was a great pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, gathering shells, sea-moss, and new and strange flowers blooming upon grassy slopes just beyond the rocks. At last we stood at the base of the glacier, which- towered above us more than thirty feet ; great pieces of ice had been broken off and stood detached in pools of water, or were piled against each other; as far its we could see, the surface of the glacier was of pure white, in great contrast with the Swiss glaciers, so soiled and dirty from piles of stones and great moraines.- As we looked down the deep crevasses penetrating into the recesses of the glhcier, we found that the ice was a beautiful dairk blue, rivalling ih tint thed bluest of "ekies. We climbed up the glacier a short distance,. but found it ted difficult "and' dangerous an under taking, and were content to walk along ;its margin, lost in wonder before this great crystal storehouse. "In beauty and grandeur the Svartisen glacier far exceeds. anything we had ECen io Switzer land; eventihe.fine glaciers alonut Fontresina, dZermatt, Chamonix, Grindelwald, and those that sweep around the base of the Eggishorn, are surpassed.by this, pure-white glacier inthe far. North; We were rowed:lietk to the steamer after two hours upon land, iis s we sailed away we watched until the last moment the wonderful Svartisen; which ewas one of the most beautiful sights of the whole trip." "This favoured extuieionbparty-had th' crown inug good: fortune to get. clear viet of the midnight sun from the -North:FCap,: a boon often withheld 'from-.the moast appreciative voyagers. 