The Affair at the Nest;. nT ]Ins. 0t-.0N COaRWN PIr.CE. "Never mind, Frank, we can wait." "'?on're an angel, Violet," and the young mon caressed softly the littte hand that flat. tered in his, " and Annt Hannah is-" "~Nt: 1" laughed Violet Granger, finishing the sentence for him. SWell, I hate her. Whet difference will it maaks to her twenty years henoe, whom I morry now. I'm not sure maeed that she's good for ten years longer, and if--" " Fcank Eeleeeon 2" "Oh, yes, t I nw. People may spare no pains to make 3o- hate them. Well, then, I love the aunt who has crossed me all my life, do I I You know it's not so, Violet. You know ii i went home now, and found her in her shroud, it wonldn't cost me any great heart-ache." "It should, since you profit by her money. Oh, Frank ! Frank I I didn't think you would speak so of the poor old woman who has been a mother to you, with all her harsh ness,,' said Violet. with aed sweetnees. SI deny it. Was it motherly to foret me all my life to do thevery things I hated most? HaveI ever had a single t.s:e or in clination she dii not thwart if it were pos sible 1 No, no, Violet. you and Aunt Hannah are two persons. I love one and hate the other, and that is the end of it. Ishould like to bhe able ta'have my own way though, once before she dies. It'll be dreary waiting till the dins this mortal coil, ch, Violet I" T.e young man spoke bitterly, and looked strmn. Violet jlistened to him with unhappy, dceplyloving eyes. ',Something will happen, surely. Some thing may happen, dear," she said, tenderly. " And if we love each other so truly, what are a few years more or less to hearts so young as ours 1" ,a few yearal Tou'rs too much of an angel to calculate upon anything but that termagant soltening toward us. She won't, though. That flinty heart won't give in un til death's fingers crumble it to ashes. You and I'll be gray before that time." " We can hope, at least, dear; even Aunt Hannah cannot take ourhopo from us. Shall I1ing foryou now ," She took his silence for assent, and going to the modest little instrument which stood across the room, sang softly one tender, soothing strain after another, while her lover, lingering in the low window seat, pulled the roses that grew near and their tore leaves with a half vicious hand, too savagely irritated at thef ate that hindred his desires, to heed the loving tones with which Violet sought to draw him from his thoughts. Contemplating the misehief her lover had done her roses next morning, Violet's eyes were half sad, balf samiling; but she broke into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew the vines his too energetic hand had loosed from their supports. A passer-by called her. " Have you heard; no, I seeo you have not, what happened at the Nest last night ?" Violet turned swiftly, with a changing conntenance. Frank lived at the Nest with his aunt, "Poor old Miss Eccleson was murdered in bed last night." Violet caught at the widow.frame for sup port, her lvery lips turning white, and her heart beating slower and slower. " It can't be !" she gaped. "I wish it couldn't, but itis. I just met the doctor coming away. 'Ihey sent for him, of I courro, but she must habe been dead hours be fore he got there. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But you liveso remote from the Nest, it's no wonder you did nort hear of it till now." Violet shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, as he did presently, as he was anxious to reach the scene of the tragedy. Murder I And Frank had almost wished her dead the night before I Poor I Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to I him I Later in the day came a note from Frank, a hurried.acrawl, almost unread able and written with a hand that visibly trembled. "Don't come near, darling," it said. "The horror is almost more than I can bear now. I wouldn't have you see and bear what I have to see and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it could go into the grave with her. I will come and see you as soon as I can get enough color in my face to daze to." He came for a few moments that evening, but for all the life in his look he might have I been as dead as Aunt Hannah. His face was ghastly, his eager blue eyes had a scared ex pression that made Violet try, but in vain, to check him, as he lingered with a sort of hor rible fascination, over the details of the murder. Aunt Aannah had been strangled with her own pocket-handkerchief, as she sat late at her knitting. The servant had found her, purple and stiff in her chair, when they went to call her to breakfast at half-past six in the morn inlog. i"I don't think she had been dead long. I didn't think so, and I sent for the doctor as fast as a horse could ride. I couldn't do more, could I Violet 1 She always gets up early. Sec must have got up early and taken her knitting, you know, and the wretch that killed her would have been as like to do it early in the morning as late at night, wouldn't he now, Violet dear T" "Had her bed been slept in," questioned Violet, contrqlling her repugnance to the sub ject for her lover's sake. ';No one could tell. She always made her own bed though, and she might have made it tho first thing that morning. Oh I I am quite sure it was early in the morning. Sh' eat with her back to the window, you see, and her handkerchief must have fallen to the j floor where the fellow could secure it without being seen. Then it was easy enough to ac complish the rest before she could cry out. She couldn't have had time to call out, do yon think she could?" "I don't think anythingabout it. And you had belter stop thinking about it," exclaimed Violet, with an uncomfortable shiver. " Why will you talk of it Frank 7' "I won't if you don't wish me to," Frank said, gloomily, pushing his chair back into the shadow, and covering his face with his hands. Violet regarded him wonderingly. "Poor fellow, he is so sensitive," she said to herself, and moving her chair nearer to his, drew his cold hands into her warm and loving clasp. ga-e w thalook [ Hl returned hoc tender gaze with a look painfolly sadl and questionine. " Would it be possible, Violet," he said at last, " would it be possible for you to be lieve that I had any hand in last night's do-. iogs?" " The face of tbhe sweet girl blanched like snow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like ones smitten with sudden terror. Then shei dropped her lips to his hands with swift, pae sionato kisses. "No, no, Frank: no, never." "My darling," he murmured, draw ing her to him, and kissing her again and She remembered those kisses long after. Could any but innocent lips have kiassed her so. There was no clue to the murderer,noth ing had been stolen, and though Frank Es. eleson was the only one who cor'd have pro. fited by her death, no one thought of accus sing him, and not a shadow of suspicion at. tached to him. There was no one to contest the heirship with him, and the Nest, with his wide, rico lands, and other bolonginge fell to him with. out delay or queetion. But Frank EcoleEon was un0onscious of all. He came home from his aunt's funeral, a wet, soggy even. g it was, aud threw himi sell into an east-chair, ca .Vfg the server.nts to nile woodin the wide fireplace till it glwred ; ike a furnace, hut the blare failed to warm n hin-. He sat there trying to warm hiscaile d! fingers, and muttering to himre.f,iill the fever which had marked him lor its own, swoopeii upon him like a vulture, and dog i:s beat intc heart and brain. They carried him to his chamber by main i force, he struggling and raving with delirium. i and Violet came to help the housekeeper i MIre. Grim, to nurse him. For weeks Frank Eceleson hung upon the very borders of eternity, and knew no one. I and talked as people with brain feavr will. wild, strange talk, that drove Viol.t'.e young bleod curdling round Le: Lcart, and I set in her white face a shadow that was not ase! by the death she had battled so desper ately from her lover's bedside, but was oven more cruel. Mrs. G(rim had been more than housekeeper to Miss Eccleson. She had been her bosom friend, the one soul of all the world, perhaps, that had truly loved the miserly old women, 1 and though Hannah Eecleeon had not so much ! as menticned her in her will, the housekeeper i held to her loyally. Violet made one wild attermnt to banish. Mirs. Grim from the sound of Frank's mad talk, but Mre. Grim would not go. Sometimes the eyes of the two women met, above that terrible couch,and the look of one . was sick with horror, and piteous with an pealing. The other's was hard, was pitiless as her dead mistress' would have been under similar circumstance . At last there came a time when the fever loosened its hold, and left the sick man like some wan ghost of himself, siranded I upon those shores from which he had so neatrly drifted. tHe was too weak, too strange to the use of his senses to read at once the new lock the.: had so darkened Violet's sweet eyes. With all I her strength she tried to keep it out of them i when she looked at him, but hers was a frnnl I heart, used for mirroring, all its tloughts in those innocent depths. Frank had read them too many times in the oil happy days to mne I any mistake row. He was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himself thee his eyes told him wrong, but he could I not. Besides, there was Mrs. Grim, whos face spoke the same story though in a differ. ent ten.u?. The sick man shrank away among his pillows, and shut his eyco whenever by any chance Mrs. Grim or Violet looked aI I him. "Thus conscience does make cowards of us all." Mrs. Grim sat alone in the kitchen at the Nest. She sat with her feet on the hearth of the stove, those hard, unrelenting eyes gazing into the embers. A soft stem sounded beside her. It was Via let. iHer face was pale, her eyes had dark circles around them. "Well?" she said gently, as Mrs, Grim looked up. "I shall do it to.morrow," Mrs. Grim said, and shu: her eyes tightly over the sen. tence. " You will give him no chance for his life, you who loved her 2' Mrs. Grim's lins did not relax. She only shook her head. "At least wait a week longer. " When hae will be strong enough to flee, perhspi, the doom he merits No 1" "You will not!" and Violet knelt by the hard woman's eide, and lifted her poor quiver- I ing hinds in wild appealing. But Mrs. Grim only glanced at her, and looked back into the lire. Then Violet rose to her feet again, and I went back to the sick-room. " Frank," said she, going close to him, " you must look at me; you must listen to me. Yon arreak, I know, but if your life depended upon it, you could get up and dress I youreelf, and go away from here, I am ure you could-I am sure you will try." Prank Eccleson opened his wido blue eyes, and looked at her. He seemed in that in etant to shake off the strange cowardica that had Eo unmanned him. " What do youn mean ?" he asked. '" Tell me. If Iam to muster strength for what ye nay, I must have a strong incentive. But I will not try. I will stay, whatever it is, and meret it. I have ehrunk too long." Violet shivered a little. " You were delirious, Frank, and you told all there was to tell, and .Irs.Grim heard it. She is going to inform against von rt mo: raw." Frank lifted himself on his elbowr andt looked V.olet in the face. A light Eeemed to dawn upon him. " Will you ask Mrs. Grim to come here?-. not that I may plead with her, but that I may tell her the truth." Mrs..-Grim's ctony lips set themsrlves like flints, but she rose and went to the sick-room when she got the message. " I have been a miserable coward," Frank said, as the two women drew near,but I havr.e not been the guilty creature you imagine. You are a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, but you are a just one, and you will believe me wheno you have heard my story. "I came home from your house that night, Violet, with a bitter and wicked heart. I don't know but as heart I was wicked as the villain who murdered her. " It was late, but there waan light in my aunt's room. As I came along the passage she called out to me sharply twice, and her voice sounded strange. There seemed, too, to be some sort of strange movement in the room, but it was slight, and I, feeling hard and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and instead of going to her, I turned back and went to my room another way.. "But I never dreamed what awful thing was doing. I thought she had one of those neuralgio attacks to which she was subject, and 1 said to myself that she might fight it out, as I was doing. "I don't know yet that it was not so. I don't know yet that she came to her death then, or that she was struggling with the villain when she called me; but the fear that it was so has nearly cost me my senses, and the fear that if I told the truth, it would direct suspicion to me as the pro. bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly silence. Do you believe me, Mrs. Grim I'' "f do not believe yeou, Frank Eeleson," said lIrs. Grim, and went back to the kitchen. L:ng before Frank had finished hil recital, Violet had crept close to her lover and prayed him to forgive her. He had stooped to kiss the little handsthat fluttered to his grasp, and to say, "MIy poor darling I" "'How could I ?" Violet robbed. ".t I deserve that yon ehcu!d never forgive mre, but you accused yourself ro frightfully in your delirium."' "'I accure myeli Etill. I would give all I my ant's money to know certainly that Eh i was not struggling with her murderer when she called me and I did not reply." Mrs. Grim kept to her intention, and. lodged her information, as she called it, in the proper quarter the next day. She met a tomewhat diecouraging re. caption, howevcr. But, as Frank said;though a hard woman, she was just, and she went back to him and Violet with sincere rejoicing. Thereal murderer had been found, andhad i confeeoed to the deed. He proved to be one of tbhe laborers em ployed by Miss Hannah Ecoleson. There had, been some money difference between them, in which sho had keen very hard. The man was of a stolid, slow, revengeful nature, and he waited his time,snd stranngled I ber with her own handkerchief as she sa knitting at half.past four on the morning they found her stark and dead in her chair. So Frank had not that on his con jcienee, 1 ?' 