ORIGINAL POETRY. A LCKEND OF THE ISLE OF MAN A& TOLD BY A LAB ENGAGED AS PUPIL TEACHES rtr one OF oub STATE SCHOOLS. "Comeroand jhe Are, Gather up new, A tale tbat is dire Id have ye to hear." We needed not to be inyited twice; Old Danny's tales.^re always in demand, And we were round iim listening in atrice, While e'en the fire appeared a fary land; And shadows huge upon the roof and wail lake giants, great in statnre, monstrous tall Are cast by ruddy glow from crackling coals, While doors- in shadow shear like deep dark holes; And we yotmg children gaze in secret dread, As seeing^ like a vision from the dead, The shadow-phantoms -swoop aloiig the wall j Like Btealtbv list'ners^eager to heiir all, Each of os sits upon his threelegged stool, And anxious expectation bears Ap rule. But at the slightest*sound some timid heart Would thrill as at the sound of gjioBtly rustle, Or the wind's whistle would proquce a start, And agitation warp each facial musole ; The loops ot osions on the rafter^, hung And hams and flitches are in darkpesB flung, Then in uncertain li^bt are faintlyi seen, The milk-pail's burnished hoops1 reflected sbecn, \ Discovering the bouse wife's thrifty care j On objects all disports the fitful glare, Now flooding them with light, voyr.modest, shy, Now flck'ring timidly, now playful, spry, Answering the uncertain humour of the flame. By the side wall the 'dresser's stately frame Silent surveys ; and bears on eacb broad shelf, Mute witnesses in varied form of delf. And the old clock that in the comer stands An eight day timepiece; none with truer hands Pointed the flight of pleasures and delights, Or slowly marked the time through painful nights, JWhen agony the human frame has wrong- ! olemniy shows his aged well-cleaned face, to which appear two eyes; Ins brassy tongue Speuking within his tall and polished case; Wnile at tbe top a little ship is seen Battling with mimio waves of blue and green. Pan takes his seat upon the white-washed hob, We circle round him all our hearts a-throb, While he with tantalizing calm delay, Accommodates himself and wets his clay, Hems, clears his throat, and then proceeds to stay Our ebbing patience, ere it ebbB away. " Now, boys, you all know Greeba Mount, With Carachan Carn quite near, That half-way up there iB a fount Of water good and clear ; That in a gully is the spring, A wild and rocky spot Up wbich the eagle might take wing, ButJme, I'd rather not Attempt the feat of climing up That scarred and dang'rous cliff; Besides the fairies sometimes sup, Ana feast on pancakes stiff About that place on moonlight night; Bpt the story I shalltell Occurred in bright and broad daylight, And in that very deiL toa kuow that pasture sweet the sheep Find upon Carachan Carn, And down tbe mountain's grassy steep Hashes a little tarn At which tbe sheep do quench their thirst, On a hot summer day, Oft racing, eager to be first, To reach tbe cooling spray. A woman down that mountain oft Had been observed to come, Her wheel upon her back aloft; And it is said that some, Had watched her moving 'mongst the sheep; Yet they, though fleet and shy, Did neither move aside, nor leap When she was passing by. But did another stranger hap, Too near the flock to go, E'en those supine in noontide nap, Would fly as from a foe, Then when she'd reach a big gray stone, That on the rnonntain lay, Near to the foot and/all alone, Her further course she'd stay, Taking the wheel from off her baek She'd spin for ne'er an hour, But did a man come up the (rack, She'd stop and at him glower. She spake to none, and no one heard ; (Or no one seemed to hear), And her sad eyes were red and blurred, And on each cheek a tear; Something uncanny in her face, Her aspect, woe-bedrowned, Repelled you from her chosen place from her selected ground. What was it caused that woeful look, No human being knows. That eye whose searching glance could brook Nor pitying friends nor foes, Pierced as when lightnings' gleam you see Through rift In thunder cloud, Or glowered like Tisiphone If mortal cour9ge-proud. Ventured her lonetiy grief to break, Her all absorbing woe To saap her soTOw^chains, or take Her thoughts from long ago. She did but semble human shape A woman's human form ; This form was wrapt in a dark drape, Which fluttered in the storm j But nothing else did human seem, Save tbe low trickling .tear That fell, as her all conscious dream Made all her earth-life clear, Tben she would up the mountain go, Along the worn sheep-track, Among the lambkins to and fro, Her wheel upon ber back, One day Jim Quay, to caution blind A surly-tempered man, Who never harboured feeling kind, Nor freely ope'd his hand Took two fierce tykes and did declare That he would not be duped, He'd hunt her right into her lair, Ay, her or e'en a troop Of such like witches, ghosts, or what You'll fancy them to name: Se eaid that all ought to be shot Or sentenced to the flame. He found her in the self same place Sitting upon the stone, The tears were trickling down her face And piteous she did moan; But when she saw bim coming near, And on her capture bent, Upon her back she heaved her gear, And up ibe mountain went. Following clOBely were tbe dogs, Behind them Jimmy Quay, Banning as fast as e'er bis clogs Could o'er the heather play. Bight np the mountain sHe she went. The dogs were nearing fast, And as if strength were getting spent, One look behind she cast, And saw that tbongb the cars were near, Jim Quay wap far behind; His savage brutes she did not fear. Or any of their kind. She stopped ; tbe dogs.fierce at her barked, Bat dared not venture nigh . Jjmmy for vengeance she had marked, Though vengeance breathed a sigh j For just as he made sure that she Would quietly be caught. She'd start again quite fresh and free, Though with ber burden fraught. I'm sure she' was enticing^tiim To follow to Ills fate,, jr f .?. r To fill his woe-cup ttojtUe>-brim ;; Her rage to satiate, The space between the mountains' twain Was covered in sliort time ; . .. . At Greeba's height she soon did strain. Towards tbe spring did climb. Tliey' reached tbe goahwuji, triumph-flushed Gleamed Jim Quay's cruel While the iittlle fountainjjplaye<|$#df;u6hed And edied there on high.® > - She feced.her hunter?<ggjpiy frjnned^ j And pointing finger lean, A* the two dogs tbat round- her dinned Silence fell on the scene. She turned her eyes, dark, vengefulj jetem,-., 'On the unhappy man j ^ He felt his vitals in him burn Scorched by her fervid ban,^ ?.. - " j Pronounced but inwardly^riot beard Nor meant for living ^6rj 0 ; fi . , He attend not a angle word; The form diddisappear.. James Quay Walked Home atadtook to bed,J From whiohhe nevaNroBe;. for the day following^ 6'was dead, And lar from all his fpes. But seriously 'twas thus confessed ByJim upon his bed, To Tom Chruteen, who will attest He flbfollwl Jim said. The worn an norer more was seen, From e<trlh-lifo she ha<1 (3f i. Nov, lads, I bid you all "good e'en," You''' hotter «!> i«> Old Daun.r slops, the only sound we hear Is the crinkling can ?'We, now no longer dear, But dull, with "nlv li'ii enough to show Our {Saccs reddened by their "lying glow ; T-hen we retire in silence and in fear, Fond'ring upon the story sad and drear. I go to bed and though the hour is late I o'er this gruesome s'.orj' meditate, Seeing with prospect clearer than befora, A little diatance past death's darkened door ; And recognise that, life does never end, Though bodies all decay and to death tend ; And that the ;uture is but present time Merged in infinity, 'tis but that we Put off our,clay yet live eternally In that vast unexplored spirit-dime, Whose secets we shall nev*r perfect know Till from ow earth-born bodies our souls go, I slept iuet after the tall old clock had told the hour eleven, And I dreamt of a golden telegraph between my soul and heaven, The battery chui-ged ifor eternity was Grod's inost precious word, And the subtle never-failing force the love of my risen Lo;d. R. J. M. C. WANTED TO SDHPHISE"HIS GIBL.-The young ma/j Pools went to see his sweet heart the other evening, and, being, quite at liotrie with the family, thought he would just, elip into the parlor uuper ceived and hide behind the sola, just to give her a little surprise as she came in to light the gas, for it was early twilight. He hadn't been in his place of conceal ment but a few minutes when there was u ring at the outer door, and a moment later his heart's delight ushered another young man into the darkened parlor, the young lady not seeming to think illumin ation necessary quite yet. They sat down on the .sola together and the young lady said-" Oh, George, I am so glad it is you. When the bell rang I was almost sure it was that dreadful bore, Foots." Poots silently gritted his teeth behind tbe sofa. " My dear, said the strange young man, slipping his arm around ber waist, " who is this fellow, Poots ?" Oh, he's a galoot that comes hanging around here once in a while, that we have to put up with because his folks 'come from tbe came place in tbe north. He bores the life out of me." " A galoot am I,1' said Poots to himself bitterly. " I'll show who I am when that chap starts for home," and he doubled up both fists. But tbe chap wouldn't start for home. He stayed and stayed, and then kept a billing and coo* ing until after midnight. Poots' position was very uncomfortable, squatting behind the sofa, and the love-making that was going on did not add to his ease. There is no knowing how long the entertain ment would have lasted had not the young lady's father come down stairs in his dressing gown and slippers and dis solved the parliament. When they were gone, and all was still, young Poots tried to tiptoe out, but he stumbled over a cbair and made such a racket as to alarm the houee The head of the house yelled, "Police"' from the upper window, and Poots managed to get into the cellar, from which he escaped by crawling up through tbe coal chute in the back yard and climbing an alley fence. He doesn't call on that girl any more.-Texas Sift ings. 