pmoi) /Wills EV CHARLES J. BELLAMY. Oopyri»'.vt',d by the Author, and pub'-? , . I lay arrangement v.*.: i L.;u I 'But wliat Is there to dor exclaimed Philip in cm impatient tone tbat put to Sight all the -workman's foolish fancies. Tbe young roan's heart seemed changed to flint.. 'You don't waut to be objects of charity, do you?' Jolin Gravee straightened his arms along tbe table; then be stood up. 'Charity! Well, no, not such charity as picks a creature up today as soft as a baby, and drops lilm to-morrow like & dog. But it payin' yer help enough of yer gain so tbey cau know what lite is— if that is charity, as you call it, give it to us. Ye needn't be so precious fraid of hurtin' the laboring classes, | as tbey call 'em, by treatin' 'em too well , They're winkin1 every day lower and lower, I and lots of fellows in specs keep a warnin' I you not to spoil 'eiu, not to hurt their pride, or break their spirit by givin' 'em something. ; As if Idndnpm ever hurt any human «ouL i Jfot tbat I would call it charity; tbey earns erery mite ye'ii ever give 'em.' I 'But if the mills or employers dont make I such gains as you seem to take for grant 'lf there aint money mado, why, nobody can find no fault not to get big pay. All I mean is when money is made, and that's pretty often, we ought to have some share in it' 'Dont go, John, I want to ask you'—— 'I must; I asked out for today,' and tbe door dosed after the man. For quite a while after his last visitor bad gone, Philip sat with his eyes fixed on the door knob in in tense abstraction. Was bo angry at tbe audacity of the common laborer! When ho pushed back bis chair and rose to his feet, odo exclamation: 'How blind.11 But whom be meant, whee ier his class or tbe laborers, did not ippe ir from his tone or from tbe bitter smile on It s lips. John Graves would have told in a mo Jicut tbat the young proprietor meant no f -od to his help. Tbe man had bad a gUm ner of hope tbat Philip Breton might oa!y waiting for an opportunity, but this inter -now bad dispelled it from his mind. It wns some little time afterwards that Phil) i left his counting room and made his way up the street He was dressed in som beree black, and bis silk hat was subdued with a wide band of crape. Bat his dress was no more melancholy than his lace. \Vh# i under pressure of business, one would not nave noticed it so especially, but the in* stan lie was thrown back upon himself, his face '-ccome as sad and hopeless as the face of the most wretched laborer in his mill. He wot tasting the most bitter dregs in life, he ihoa lit. What soul could bo more crushed than liis? The time was when it would have I wen impossible for him to see a human crea ture suffer without a thrill of sympathy. It wont I have seemed a era el and unnatural ttrok j of fortune, which it was for him to prar .-nt or cure. But he had learned better, lio itiought Suffering was common to all; thorp w as no good of trying to patch up this life or tbat; tbe terrible disease was forever at work. Conditions made but little differ nce; rich and poor, high and low, agonized together over some form of broken hope, The chapel door stood open, and he stopped and looked in. It was here Bertha and he were to have been married. And it would bare been before this— but now. He saw the place where they would have stood together. The church was empty and ho walked softly in, as if afraid of disturbing the ghosts of his dead hopes, who haunted yet, perhaps, the sacred spot they glorified in all the dreamsof bis ear!/ manhood. Hu walked wearily up the echoing aisle and throw himself into a seat. Be bowed his head upon tbe back of the pew in front of him. Had ho no shame to come to the rescue of his broken heart! would be grieve forever over a woman tbat bad become another man's wife? She had called on tho laws of the land for her protec tion; he had no right to oven think of her now. She was shut away from him forever. It bad become a. sin for him now to long for bcr, though she bad Ijecn so nearly his own wife. There was no place in tho world for unm&ted; lovers like him. If she had not married that manl How strange tliat ho had beard nothing of that marriage ; her note had not mentioned it, and 110 one had spoken ot it since. Why, bis belief in her purity was sc absolute be bad not even thought to ijucstion her marriage, and now it was like a guilty thing, that he permitted himself to entertain for a moment terrible fears. What vengeance would be stern and relentless enough for hiin who bad wrecked the noblest womanhood in the world, who had sullied a purity like an angel's, and insulted a sacrcd dignity like Bertha's? Ob, it could not be: uo man on eartli cotiid have boon so frold, so impious. How wild his imagination bad become. 'Oh, I didnt know hut it was yonng Breton and that liertba Klliiigswortli that wns going to bo married.' Two graceless women bad come in aud seated themselves in a neighboring pew. Philip Jiad Jx^en thinking so intensely until now that an earthquake would hardly have disturbed him. 'That'll never be,' giggled tho other; 'you don't say you didn't know she eloped with tbnt Curran fellow, though it's been ke{/t pretty stilt r 'Do veil!' Philip shuddered. Why were creatures like these permitted to touch names like Bertha's! 'Married another chap, ehf Well, young Breton never was much for looks, anyhow.' 'Married!' Philip started ot her tone. 'Who said she was married I Tho shoe's on tho other foot She aint married at alL Handsome fellow like him lias a wife in every town, such as they be. Tbat proud minx is only one on 'em.' How they rolled tho shameful story, like a sweet morsel under their tongues, ns if it relieved tlie blackness of their contemptible souls, tbat one woman more had 6inged her angel wings iu the piti less flame of disgrace. Philip had struggled to his feet, Tho women blushed like fire and tried to look un conscious, but ho did not even glance nt them us ho moved down tho aisle. Ho could not sue very well. Was the chapel full as it teemed? and was that an usher in white kids who was coming toward him and saying: 'Just ono minute more; tbe bridal couple are just coming in.' Bolt upright be sat where ho had Ijccu guided, and saw as in a dream a white plmn tom of a woman it seemed and a black shadow of a man go by. 'Married ! who said she was married! Ahl it was horrible! Perhaps tbey two, those women fiends, were all that knew tho shameful secret WouM it do any good to pray tbem for tho mercy of God to keep it! Would money hire a woman to keep a disgrace that had fallen on a fair sister's name!' 'Aren't you going to solute the b rider smiled an acquaintance. 'Tbis is the mar riage of Labor and Capital at last.'' Bo had perpetrated his witticism a dozen times at least, and tbis was tho flret hearer who had not laughed. Jane Graves and Silas Eiiings worth, Bertha's father — were thoy mnH or was be?' ' 'I am ill,' be muttered incoborently, as be pushed his way almost roughly out CHAPTER XVII TBT. KEW STOCK COJtPAJTT. The terrible seeds of suspicion sown in Philip Breton's mind bore the bitterest fruits through the dreary winter months. No efforts of his will, nor course of reasoning could com fort him. For a moment he might find re lief, but bis torment would only return afresh. Humanity ore slow to bclievo good of fellow creatures but nothing seemed too had to bo true. He thought it might have calmed him to havo been assured even of the worst Ho believed tbat lit} might despise tho woman ho bad elevated to the highest pinnacle of his ideal temple of womanhood ? if sbc had made bo little of the most sacred gift of God. But it would have boon a vio leuec to his feelings to inquire of those who must know. Her father must know, but his smiling face will reveal nothing, and Ms very reserve was i-eopled with horrors for Philip. His wife Jane must know, too, but he could not bear to think of the malicious pleasure she would take in detailing tho shameful story to him. She would sate her hate in his misery. But what if it were not a shameful story i Stili be could not form his lips to ask. The humiliation of such a ques tion from him, a discarded lover, about her at whose feet he hod been proud to sit shocked liim into silence. Ho oven dreaded they might speak to him of her, although it bad been mouths since be had heard Ber tha's name onoo breathed. One oveningat the very close of the winter, Philip Breton called a meeting of his help, and the old market hall was pocked from door to platform. 1 Importers were planted by their tables, to catch every word of tbe mysterious proceedings. Representatives from all tho factories in the country elbowed tho crowd for their three foet uf standing room, eager to luom some new device for making money out of their help as good as tho other. But the great uudienee was strangely silent. It knew nut what to cx pect. Perhaps tho economical mill owner was going to announce a new reduction jn their wages; everybody said he was reducing everywhere. The feeling in their heart* was more of fear thou hope, and it was a look of piteous terror, almost, that they easl at tlie slight form in black, that came t orn ai d on tho platform. They reminded Philip of a flock of frightened sheep that had nt we had a shepherd. Then be thought of « great army massed before tho smoking ouunou I mouth, an army that had never hud a gen | cral. He saw tbe3' feared him, 'I havo been for a long time trying '..A think [ of some way to make your In-cs moiv fuir for you, and yet bo fair to myself and m j .-lass. I have been cutting on expenses to moke tho whole busiuess machinery as economical as I knew. Js'ow, at last I am ready to take you into my contidenccand nmkeyou a proitosal.' There was a stir in the great audience, as if every man changed his position ut tbe same I moment, so as to be sure nut to lose one I precious word of tho new gnsjxd. i 'I cannot fool that I ought to give you | unything. And 1 cannot 6ee that jt v. odd be . reasonable to pay more wages than jtbers |«v; that is, than you have now.' A hush had fallen IV people like death. There was no huj-o lor tbi.-.i, then. Still ihe speaker went on. '?But if your labor is profitable to me, so .*.h/it I cvii! pay you your price, and pay my other oxjwnses, und l«iy me for the time I gi ve to the business what such service as I do is paid elsewhere, and then havo something Tho I'opoiters dropped their pens in aston :ne:il ; was the man mad? 'I am disposed to think that you have ?arnwl ashore in if' lie paused to catch Li is breath, ond one could have heard a piu tV.U in that crowded room. 'My capital should be allowed fur, too. In a word. 1 pro pose to divide the profits of my mill, after ? all expenses are paid, into two equal parts hereafter, one for J.ilmr. yours and mine, and one for the interest on my money. The ]-art which belongs tn labor will bo distributed according to the worth of each one's year's work. Tho one that cams the largest year's pay will have the largest jht cent, of that dividend. We shall all ln- stockholders together, each with a share large or small ac eurding to tbe value 'f his work.' Tiie building trembled with tin' roar of ap pl.nise that wont i:p, and it wns several mo ments lH'f..re Philip could make himself JmmJ again, lie Jiml thought there was nothing left in his lif?, with love gone out of ?'t. luit as he stood ili.it moment with tlie glad sliout.i of the poor ringi-ig in his eun-, and felt Ue had led them out «»i bunduge, his heart llirilled w ith a proii.l joy tbat was almost eetasy. His wenltb had brought him a bap- pihcssthnt made even a life like his worth living, had conferral on him a glorious of the dignity of manhood which lifted They nmst listen while be explained the .vn/wof his fdflii nunc fully. He motioned ton doyen ln-ys und took a printed sheet of o;i)-'r I ruin the pile of similar sheets which lie ordered dj-trjl-tit--d among the workmen. 'Ie i hen read aloud ihe following from tho -:il*.-r in hi» baud: The ih-sl. divided n ill lie distributed Aug. J , 'or the year ending .Inly 1. The surplus is -?Jiki.udu': £li-0,OUiJ set apart as. the allow ui'v for enpit.'il inveMiil. which leaves flOO,- ; *!o, lo lie distributed t-- the Inliorin propor- I I ion lo tho wages or salary earned by cueli. I The wholo nmoiml of wa?i-- and salni-ic:, .?.?lined fn rJi--miU.\vas(iiio:K There- I fore the rat*» iter eeut. «-f di\ idend is alvont i7 7-11) to 1m- ealeiihtN'd on the wngi'sor salary of each man. woman and child as shown by the i-nynmster'slM-ok fi-r the pxst year. For example, tiie innii whom the payroll bliows to have earned f.'H'D for his year'* work, will m.vive l!7 7-1D )-er --em. uu fcHK) in ad dition. or about **5.10 as his dividend. The paymaster, who received n salary of $-,liou, will iceeive about $-1X41 and ns malinger worth a salary of i^OOO, I I sliull iiHN'ivc more than twice the dividend -?( -hc paymaster. '.Vrtnin restrictions will : In- inij-o-ed. Fii^t, only oiic- liulf of the an nual dividend will lie in cash, fur it would hurt tin* inierents of the mill l'o uilhdraw nun-h lrom the busi ness. The other half ntll t-- iu ntm-k, whieli will draw dividends as thu rest of thu ?apital. Si ? ud, stuck i-unnut bctransftirred i-.\c-rp( t-- o|n'i*ut ives, but will Ik- redeemed at 1 be counting room. ufU-r notice, when solders leave the mills, as stock will yield , dividends only while holders work iu the 1 mills. Holders of stock may hold mi«olings ?utti choose u coimiiiltcu toezaniiiio the books uf \ he comjmny,lK-[\\)iv thu tumual «listrihutiou of dividends. l\'heii riiiliji Breton sat down a noisy bum of voices folJowoil us the )-euph- n-ad nud commentitl njvm 'he ]-ros]KX'tus. The figures looktMlainlhinglnit dull Uitheni. TJiebrigbt ix-s-.ibilities tlmt came up before theirimag inatious as tbey read %vere such us no geutlc cadcucc of poetry could have given them. Apparently {hey would never have tired of .-(Hiding the wonderful words of hope and good cheer over and over, except that the ?utcr door swung opeu and o tall man's form entered. Philip Breton from tbe platform saw it and tho pride si- hi ned on bi6 heart The crowd about the dnor i Kissed the whisper around, and it was bordlv oue short minute when the building shook agaiawlth oheera us they shouted tlie naiau of Curran. Yes, it wns lie who pushed bis way well into the room, aud then stopjied and took one of the printed sheet*, w if he were un conscious of their cheering, and read till bis face, that bod looked bo stern and terrible, softened like a child. Then he mounted a settee for bis platfonn and uncovered hie head with a new graco that Ixxaune him as well as his strength. The old bitterness bad conofrom his liiis; it had given place to a touching sadness that sobered every face that .vox turned toward him. 'He means to deal well by you; ho wants to moke you shareholdi.Ts in your work.' Philip bad risen cxcitedjy to bis feet. The sight of the man who had licen with Bartha, who came ]-erhops but this instant from the woman he had wronged ho terribly, was at lirst almost inuddeniiig to him. All, how grund and beautiful he was, with his deep mighty chest, and shoulders, and bis limbs like pillars of some temple. There were no laws for such men a* he; tho holiest and purest of women love to make themselves i-ase and common thitiRs to win smiles from Lis proud eyes, and men forgot their venge ance, and only remember how small and mean tbey .seem Iwt'orc him. But who could l--ok at his melancholy face and the cairn lignitj- tbat rested upon liim always, and be t;vo he could bo vilo! Yet jjerhops nothing .'as vile or low to him, and even sin was glorified in his eyes when it suited liis caprice Philip had come to the very edge of tbe platform and beckoned a friend to him. 'Do you sec the man talking — the man with uho auburn hair curliny :t!-out his neck t no, lou't look yet;' his voice was husky with .'Xcitemeiit. 'tiet behind him while bo is bilking and stop him before he goes out. I must hoc hiin and sj *v»l; with him; 1 would rather $10, (XX) than low him. Quick, now.' Aa Philip wt down again and watchcd bis Cricnd trying to make his way through the :lose packed crowd lie heard Curran's voico again. What was there changed in it? It had lost its old ring, there was a queer drag in it sometimes, and when be used to raise his voice till every nerve tingled for sym pathy, he boetned uow to it, fall, and liis loug, sonorous sentences died down ot the sud tike a niutllcd Ix-ll, 'I£ others were like hi-n,' he was saying, 'the reform I would die for noaJd come 40011, would be upon us.' How slow his friend moved. Philip actu ally hated tho jtcoplc who were too stupid to get out of hjs messenger's way. Had Curran finished, was this all that was left of his eloquence? Yes. lie was stepping down and moving toward Hit door. Philip's friend was almost there, the man must not escape thus, and plunge again with the wo man wlio?c life bo bad hlusiod into the ob scurity he seemed to lovo. Philip leaped to his feet and almost shouted lo the people. All turned tlicir faces expectantly toward liim, Curran with tbe rest his pale worn face. Hiilip'b friend was come almost to him now. [f Curran could only l*- detained for one moment more. 'It will of course be for the interest of all of you,'' he knew lie was talking weakly, but it was no matter, 'to cum the most wages you can, to lose tho fewest day.-, to turn off the moa, piece work.' Of course, he s]-oko too stupidly; Curran turn*] on his heel uud u-ovcd toward the d»or. Almost instantly Uvn Philip Breton gave a suddwi sU'-n l-ow U) the audience and di.Hjji]xj;iret1 back of the. platform. Ho bounded down the narrow rt*ivs, four ax, a time, utd rushetl around to Die front of tbe building like one mad, to stare for a moment in the faces of tin* ot-cnji- ing crowd. Then, wilder than ever at the thought that Curran might havo gone out sni 'tig tbe first, be ran back and forth | ificr oue group and another, but all in vain. Then be forced himself to .-top and think, and forthwith made inquiries for Curran's boarding place. He reached the place at last and ran breath lessly up the stairs. In another moment he would know the truth if it killed him to bear it. He must remove t lie poisonous shadow of suspicion that was polluting all the holiest precincts of bis nature. Certainty wns bet ter for, for the nerves can Lrace themselves against the clearly defined features of ever so hideous a monster; far letter certainly than this crawling slimy terror that made him ashamed of a tnauho-*l that could cherish it. Ho dared ask Cut-ran for tbe truth, ho did nut shriuk from it. If the man were inno , cent he might strike him down lor the insult | to the purity of his wile. Philip thought such atonement would seem just and proper. I Hut if he were guilty, ah, if Bertha was guilt}' through him what death was terrible enough for his)-cnalty! | A poi-tly woman, with tho unmistakable I expression of the exjwetant boarding mistress ' on her face aud in her attitude, met the palfl | faced young man at tbe top of the stairs. 8h- ' did not recognize the proprietor of tho Bre ton mills, in his slight form. She would have looked for a man of lofty stature and com manding mien, and not a mere lad whom nobody would glauce twice at on the street 'Where is Curran? I— 1 wauthim.' 'Why, bo's jus-t gone; be drove off to Lew iston.' 'To Lewiston? Are you sure?' Why, this must be some important persouagu after all, he was so jx'remptory. Poor ixoplo can htilly, hut there js a shamcfacodness or an over af fectation of authority that betrays them; | their self consciousness lets the whole secret 'Either Lewiston or ltnleigh; I can't tell, reullv, sir. Shall I got you a carriage, Mr.— Mr.?' 'Two horses and a buggy ; a driver, too. Tell thorn it is for Mr. Breton ; and,' he 6houted after the woman, 'if tbey give mo a poor horse he will be dead before they ever sec bim again.' It seemed hour Iwf'MV the b owes drew up before tho boarding houso door, and an other hour before they bad left the village behind. Then the little patience Philip had forsook him. He caught the reins from the astonished driver, and ut the threatening suap of the whip tbe huntcs took their fastest It was a little past o'clock the next inom injj; that Philip Breton, pale from a sleepless night, knueked at u low studded door in uu ill \cntiluted tenement house, where tbey told him Curnm lived. Within huh Uerthu, the high bred woiuan. wwut^d to the custliret luiurie* of Wealth. And she was willing, then, to live iu such squalor as this to be with the man bhe loved. Could change have been cruel enough to have touched her? Per haps an infant, hung hungrily on her bosom, and Curran. fn lien hnek fnt'- bis vulgar tradi tions, lounged in rod flannel shirt sleeves in her presence. Could he Ixvir the sight ? But she might bo alone; his heart beat luster with terror nnd hope. .She would hft her sweet eyes pleasantly to him —so easy it is for wo men to forget the agouv they have «»ans«l. She would hold out her shapely hand i-i him, but it would bo stained aud woru from hard ships. Should he fall ut her feet! Would bo be able to remember she was another's— dead Ho knocked again, possibly no one was at I 'Come in.' It was a man's voice. As Philip opened the door be saw the man { he sought by tbe window, eagerly looking up ? and down the street, as if waiting for Mime sign. Tlicro was no guilty fear or sh&me; In '.lie calm face that wns turned to his visitor, 'Breton.' Ho gave him his bnnri with hearty good will. 'Somehow I obtfld not speak last night, but you have begun a acftfl* work. Why, I had rather feel the proud sat isfaction you must have, I would rather be in your place than the greatest man in tbe whole world.' Philip was afraid to look about him Ffer. haps Bertha had 110 wish to speak to htm, or else she was not hero; there was no atanos* phero of a woman's love and care in the place, somehow. But Curran want on ln%Ic quick, eager way, 'Tho rich men have tbe most glorious privilogo ever men bad. Bach 1 man of wealth can let tho fountains of light and joy into the lives' of a village in 6ome way which shall make his name blessed for ever. Instead of tbat, whole generations of us liave to break ourselves in pieces in the effort to woar away their rock. We fail, aa tho wretched -,000 creatures who strike here today will fail, to gain one privilege more for ourselves, yet our children ttay profit from our sanifices, perhaps, or their children. Anything is better than spiritless, eternal Philip released bis band from the man's clasp and turned to look about him. No wo man's shawl hung on tbcrack. Nobaby*s shoes or toys were insight A man's rude hands had - set tbe chairs in an awkward row. A man's j bands mode the comfortless looking bed tiiat ' stood in one corner. There was no soft scent rrf ]K'i'fume, such as Bertha would have left iK-hiiid her if she had but lately gone. Why, Bertha could never havo breathed for a moment tharo. IjOVq can do much, but it 'Where is your wife?' Philip asked in a low, breathless voice. 'Bertha.' ' tflterc is j/our wife P' 1 The eager look faded from Curran's face, and his blue eyes grew troubled. For an instant be did not answer, but stood with folded arms gazing out into the street 'What is a wife?' ho said at last 'A woman wbo loves a man and lives in bis love, who pines iu his absences and listens to the coming of bis foot stops, as the sweet- ist . music iu tlie world to her; to whom all the | gifts of life would be nothing without Mm; : to whom poverty aud disgrace would lose I their hatefulness if he shared them. A wife I js a sweetheart, a hundred times tenderer and happier.' His voice grew bitter aud bard for a moment as ho added, 'No, I baTc no wife, Bertha has loft rue.' He hunrd a shouf, and a score of burrying forms rushed by bis window. He turned from tbe window iu u sudden possiou uf ex 'The strike husl«cguu. What pity do tbe rich deserve? Even their women ure taught only to hrenk honest men's hearts. Thcv are beautiful as the angels of heaven and cruel and pitiless as the angels of bell.*' 'But wait,' cried Philip, cau-hing him by the ann. Curran bad not yet spoken the longed for words to protect Bertha's nnine from tbe insult of another suspicious thought. But a shout rolled up from the street, and another and unother in quick succossion. Curran shook him off and, catching his hat from the tnhle, sprang down tlie stairs. CHAPTEU XVIII. why corr.D.v'r sftE uavk waited? The new maid, who showed Philip Breton into Mrs. KUin^vAvorthV pnrlor, was not near ly as pretty as her predecessor jn ofiice, but he was too much absorbed with hisdelicato errand ti- take any notino of her. Bertha was alone somewhere, deserted, unprotected. Sometliiug must be done for her. It was a strange pluiv to seek pity for her, in tbe woman's bosom which he had seen heaving iu bate of her; but a magnanimous heart is wont to count 011 the generosity of others. The maid had said Mr. Elliugsworth was not in, anri so he was left to appeal to tbe woman ly tenderness of bis wife. He rose suddenly from the satin covered sofa and looked wonderingly at a woman's form in tho doorway. Could this be the poor bttle factory girl, this fashionably dressed woman, with a train bkc a queen's? Ho had stupidly enough expected to find her iu tho samo old cahco dress, perhaps with the dingy, plaid sbawl about bcr shoulders. But the girl was not so beiisitivensto be an noyed. Had not she kept liiiu waiting wliilo sbo dressed ou purj-ose to enjoy a triumph? And now elio was quite pleased at the plain evidence of it. She smiled rut her consciously as she extended her jeweled little baud to 'Why hnvm't you onlled l-ofon.r' Her voico hud lo^ the d'^porato or tuJlrn touo ho rcmemlwrod in it of old, but. he wns not sure ho liked it any better, lie bowed, like any gentleman, ns ho toucbinl her bund, nnd noticed tho great gold braeelet.s on her slim wrists. Philip was unpleasantly reminded of jnannchs, and theu the mussivc chain around bcr neck, with a huge locket sbaped like a padlock, had suggestion*, too, of a sort, ho funcieil, the girl would hardly have liked if 6ho had thought of them, lie glanced at her olive eheekb, and tho slight lv ol-li-piu eyes, ond tbo voluptuous fullness of her form. How could an American village have pro duced so ]x-rfeot an oduli«que? 'I did not wish to interrupt your honey moon.'' liu seated himself again. -Sbo was looking oddly ut hiin, a* if curious whether he hud forgotten her indi^Tecl visit, when sbu luuiioM liim ut her uwi broken Philip suddenly met Inn* eVe^ as she sat op jwiius him. 'The truth is, Mrs. Kllings wortb, 1 have hardly l«vu in the mood for polite rails of lute. 1 suppose you undur 'How should I'' She elovnt^d her dork brows rather unpleasantly as it' to dismiss, nnco for nil, any further confidences with him. Philip smiled, iu spito of himself, at bcr tactics. I 'Do you know where Bertha is?' ho a^ked, 1 A sudden flash of color lit tip her cheeks. | 'I bate tho very uauic of bcr,' she exclumied, : as she rose as if to leave him. She was not 1 yet wonted to the customs uf her new rank. 'Don't go,' h'o urged, 'I am so anxious to know where sbo is. No doubt you havo cansoto bo angry with her,' Philip did not notice tbo growing passion in tbo girl's eyes, ^'but you suroly would not havo her .starve to 'Perhaps not;' Jano meant to smile, but she only produced tho effoct of showing tho cruolwbito of bcr tectb. 'Hasn't sbo got— ' the word stuck in hor throat, 'him?' 'Why, didu't you know,' cried Philip breathlessly, 'she has loft him? Sbo fs aiono somowbero, for all wo know, in want; think of it, and sho too proud to — 'Left hor —husband?' 'If ho was bar husband I didu't know,' bo hurriod 00, as 1£ afraid of th\j answer that Would cotno; 'I novcr heard, and I didn't tike to ask.' She bad seated herself on the pink satin beside him aud caught bis bands as she bent toward him to read his thoughts before bo 'Bid you boor they were not married?' sbo almost hissed at him. 'Why, yes, that is — ' ho looked away iu his shame. 'It was told about tbo village, but you know bettor, of course.' Ho tried to laugh, then grew sober again. 'Howviloof them to whisper it, and it was %Hu of 1110 lo lotevon tho taint of a fear into my mind.' But sho did uot answer him yes or no. Her eyes had grown pretcrnaturally large, and thcro was a happiness in tbem as if she looked right into tbu gntes of hcavcu. All tho com mon expressions were gouo from her face. Ono could read tbore now nothing but purity and sweetness, such as make up the substauco of dreams of love. 'And he Is alone. Oh! where is he? I must know. I must go to bim. It cannot fa One.' The angelic look flitted, tho ex quisite drooping at ihe corners of her mouth wns gone. ' 'If you have dared to lio to me.' Philip was perfectly astonished at the sudden change in her face and voice. Her bhick eyes blazed ungovernable passion into bis. 'Sho quick transition from the height of blissful hope to the depths of dix-p despair sccraod to bear htr over iholinc of humanity. 'Tell mo, havo you lied to jnake a show of Sbo trembled for an instant, lik» n wild ! creature before a spring, then she clutched With her hot supple fingers ut hi- throat, magnificent as a tigress and iu every motion a jwrfect, terrible grace. Philip thn^v her from him as ho would some untamed animal; it was hard to remember her wuuianhuod j She sat where be had left her, as if just j awoke from a terrible nightmare, bet- linger.' I parted and curved and moved spasmodically as if sbo yet held him by tho throat. Then . she buried her face in tbo cushion in a flood I of tears. I 'I didn't know what 1 was doing,' she sobbed. 'Don't remember it,' I was mad.' Sho roso tremblingly to her feet and conic forward covering hor face with bcr hands. Sbo might- have been an abused child, so gentlo and sweet sho seemed now. Sho took down her hands from her face; what man could be so cold and bard as to stand against such eyes as hers looking through their toars. But sho was alone. CHAPTER XIX. 'Ob, my God, my God, why couldn't I havo waited?' She toro tho gold chain from her nock and cast it on tbe floor. Hor husband had given it to her, nnd sho bntcd him at this moment and the proud name lie hud put upon hrr. SI,- had rnther one smile of tbat other's than all theso empty golden favor*. 'I nm sick of their toft ways and their . lying tongues,' sbo moaned; 'why didn't I waitf' Jane EUingswurlh began to walk rap clly about tho room, wrenching tho great gold bands about Ir r wrists, uiirouwious that she chafed aud bruised the skin 'I might havo kuowu God would not deny hiru to inc. I wanted bim so much. Oil. icy love, my darling, 1 would have fought for you, 1 would havo Marwd for you. It would havo been sweet with you, und I could ii't wait one your. 1 might have known it would collio, but I could not wait.' She drove la r nails into her flesh as she elnspod tbem in her nnguisb. She jtanted for breath: her rick silk dross seemed to suffocate her, and the perfumed nir wns t-'»- heavy and dead; it 6ccmcd to strangle her. 'He is free; ho would have o]M-ned his arms tonic, no may 1k- coining now- to ask ine to go with him. Ho could never ha^; loved that cold, bloodless creature. All, bow 1 could havo loved hiin. I would have taught bim that a woman can love.' She unclaspcd bcr bands and let them fall gently to her side, and her convulsed faco took on a new, soft tenderness. 'I would go with him,' sbo murmured. 'A hungry heart cannot feed on such things as these. Oil, but bo would not havo me, a low creature wbo has sold herself; bo would not havo nie. He would despise me', be would not oven b^k ut She fell back id one of the satin covered chairs s-be had bought with luv husbands money, und cried und sobbed till ihe suit fountains dried up. It was theu, while t-bn tat silent and tearless, looking at her bruised wrists and nt tho wounds her nails bad made, tbat sho hnnrd a familiar, dclicMo tread in tho hall. It was as weU Mr. Ellingswortb did not c.i tch tho expression on bcr set, weary I faco as his tail form appeared in tho doorway. ' He seeing to her fancy that moment tbe 1 most terrible monster in tbo world, this do 1 gant figure of a man, whoso disposition w.-ts tho very es.'vnco of refinement, aud she dropped bcr ej-es to tho carpet as he came I toward hor with liis eternal smile. 1 'All alone, Jounier Wby you huvodropprd your chain, hero it is 011 tho floor.' I 'Oh, t hnuk you,' but sbo shuddered in spite of herself ns ho s-vatcd himself near her mid warmed hor hands fondly between his own soft, white palms. 'My bttlo girl,' be began. Yea, sbo was bis, hi^ and no other's, bis I every duy and hour of her life, for hudn't I be bought l»er, and wbntbettertiUe wustherc , t.tinn that by purchase? She raised her eyes ftnH tnodo tbem rest on his One, smooth shaven face. Sho bad nover noticed before I a certain cold and cruel light in bis eyes, as | if ho could enjoy keenly the torturo of a living soul, or tbat besido tbe sensuul lines of his ilnely chiseled mouth there was a suggestion of an exquisite brutality on tbo thin lips. Sbo trembled boforo bim. ! 'I bavo a favor to usk of you.' Ho looked admiringly at her as ho spoke. Mr. Elliugs- ? worth ncwr tired of tbo rich, oriental type 1 of his wifb's beauty. If Bertha's mother had j boon liko her there need never havo been nny 1 unpleasant stories in the community on her 1 | score. And Jano was livelier than ever to day, this peculiar brilliancy in bcr eyes and tho bright red spot on either dark cheek. I She didn't know bow to furnish hor jmrlor very well, but be bad never yet beeu sorry he married her. She seemed to understand ! always a little on her guard, like a judicious artist, wbo will not let oven tho most anient admirer coono too near liis canvas. 'It is about Bertha,' bo continued, uui I seeming to notico her start 'Sho hu^ leit that fellow. I havent troublod you before, but sbo lias been ulouo up in Vineboro for u good many mouths. I tv-»nV best t-ho shduld romc home now. It will bo in hotter taste' ? Mr. Ellingswortb rose to his feet at a rum bling uoiv tv.;d &tcp;]-ed to the window. Wbcn he came back tbe color had faded from Jane's chocks and her small mouth closed verytight Her hands were trembling violently, but 6bo bad hid tbem in tbo fulds of her dross, so her husliand could notsooher intense excitcmcut. Her heart, vus bcatin;.- loudly; her old mnd uoss seemed coming upon her again, but this man's cold, smiling fneo subdued her. ???\Yben is.sho coming!' '1 didn't know hut that was tbe carriage; well, 1 sup]K«so sho uioy be here,' ho glanced ut his gold faced wutch, 'perhaps in an hour The girl's lips lul^lrcd; sbo almost broke into a pn-Mon of uugry words; tbo hate tbnt see! hi-; in fn-r lieai-t for Unit woman was al most biibl ding forth its bitterness. But the cou-i a.s.iiraiiec 0:1 her husband's faco, as his l:et 11. pitiless eyes seemed to search out all 1h' secrets* uf hor soul, curved tho woman. Sin' ro.-e and moved, (us uuc in a dream, to ward the doi-r. 'I must g.-t things ready then.' And vo this was wlmt her gentle voiced busbnud called asking a favor of her. Sbo did not love him. but she feared him, now, ns she re iiiemlMivd her sceivt . SI10 would -d-ey his nod ns if she were hi- dog. she would etudv the signs bis pia-id face. He had never linythiin: but smile- ami kind speeches for her, but «he would havi sunk into the very earth nt his feet rather than that bo should of deadly ton ure for llies-ml, 'Well, well, 1 though! .she wculd W:i):c more fn The afternoon -un was well down on liis last stn tch when Philip Breton cnuio buck from hi- 1'aetiirv. und up the street toward Mr. Ellingsw.irth',- house. There was some one with hiin. a muti so tall und slight tbnt (he weight of liis head, which was quite j;,,.-;,.. fj-cinnl t«» bow liitn. It was an old aileinan. to judge from tho wrinkles 011 h:- lace, but lie bad hardly enough hair tv show whether it was grav of onlv flaxen. ??You have done s;.|. -ndidly. mv buy !' It v.:i.-;;u old n- 'jii.dM ? ? ? 1'hjjjpV, whom h' had u.-cd t'i talk pluloMiphv with nt enl 1 1.-1 rl- -l 1 e. I11 1 :n'c m i opt Dili.- tic thatthi-v h'.vii t.i t». |- ? t'i »r sympathy. 'Splendid!;. he i'i ; icalcd. 'only why stop just where V1.11 an: If every null owner would do iu hit jidil wh; t y».,t Irn 'd.»-te. it wooiJ Ix-agrainl tliii.g for t bis w«.rld. But they won't. Now ym laoe started beautifully, but there is 1 1 kj imii-a bu-incas to your plan.' Philip smiled iirgnnicumivcly. It was |j|:o his ? ? ? returned to bear tlie o],| man'.- mellow iim-s. 'But. Mr. Philhrick, nn honest btifiiie-s limn can do iii- -re gooil than q dozen iliijirae tioul'le jthilani hropi-ts liko you.' 'But think Mf tho things that bupiin^s principle* never «-an ?vgiml. Ymir help work ten weary hours a -hiy,tdl ih-T i''or Well, 1 say t hat i- when' Ijcticvolorice must come in. It i- terrible 10 he thut up ns they are; it kill.- 1««1- . mind and soul, Bushi's* principle-! n'-vcr can sive them,' said the old gentleman, turning his kindly eyes 011 the young mill owner; 'philanthropy, I don't care what you cull it. some gentle spirit of love otiL'ht In lift the burden that crushes the life and ln-]-.' ,mt of thi'in, contrary tu busi ness pvincipW, higher than business prin As Jlr. Philbrii'k flni.-hod, a close carriage rolled by them mid stop|«»d alittle b«*yoiid, wlierea gentli-inan aiul ludystoud t«- welcome tho visitor. 'Your vefonns,' mi^wer^l Thilip, nftor a uioiiienl's thought, '-hould be found'-d ou bti.-ine— : ]irinei]il--.. Tln-u the force of tho busines- in-tiiict will carry them out. Oth erwise'— In- lifted In- hat lo Mrs. Ellings worth, but vhe dul not u-ent to notice hitu ; borcyes wvn- ii.\ed on ln-r husband, whu was iu the net - »f handing a lady out -»f therar riage, The lady wore a traveling suit of a blue shade. lb-r laee wa- hid as she stcj-]-ed down, showing a whin- j'eatljiy i/i tbo back of bcr hat. and a few -Hands, of golden hair below. Then -lie raised her fuee jl s tho car* rjagc rolled away, and a wild, sweet t brill of pain shot 1 hrough 1 'hi lip'.- heart , w bile every nerve in his body t in -led like 111 10] y tuned stringed inst ruuients. 1 ,'i nibling in sympathy with 11 re-ouiiiliin: el.'rd. His f-ft iTfu?*yt to take lit 111 a way, w bile his hungry eyes de voured Bed ha's In-au: y, for it w us 110 other than she oiuue b:tek— kii lost diu-ling foutul again. His ln-art warmed, us he looked, into u divine glow; how cold it had l*-cii, uud fco long. A great, burden of weariness seemfyl lifted from him. It wzj as t£, after a dreary old age. the sweet peace oC childhood was bom in him npun, For the iiiouii-nt ho forgot everything that b id como lH-twei-n them, as in tbo bright, perfumed morning a child longetsthc «b-cary night just p;u-t. But tho loug night had changed her: the e\i|ui-ite roundness of her face and form had gone; even her grand bluo eyes seemed failed like her cheek-, ouco so rich in their sunset gk-w. And I10 only yearned over her the in-uv tenderly — tho new clement uf pity s,-enied only wauling l»fora to glonty his love into a religion, lie longed to rush to her, put t ing away her father, wbo was duiiing flushes of bate at tho unwelcome gaest He would oDfqld ber tn bis arms, tsbo would bj glad for tbem at fast; such love as bis made tbo closest kin in the world. Ho took a step toward her, but no ouo saw him mtliuiiyry eyes dcroinvd I--xrt lia' s' beauty. Tbe eyes of the two women met. Their wills met and struggled for the mastery in that moment. Undisguised halo was in ouo face, lofty omU nipt iu the other. Tlicro bad bean one gentle, wistful expression in Bertha's facons pho first ulighted, but there was no trace of it. jiuw. Sho bad drawn herself up to her lull height, so that thu other woman socmed liko a child before ber, and bur hand, as It fell to ber side, opened outward in a gesture of disdain for tbe crcaturo bcr father had choS'-n for biff w/fo. Jt wns hardly n second lieforo ber rare lips parted. They nt least bod not ohauged. Jano wiuccd for fear of soiuo bitter taunt. She bad learned how terrible a blow well trained tongues can give; bnt tho words were only soiuo polito common place; tbe tono — well, it caused Mr. Elliugs worth to glanco critically at bis wife. Sbo Jane tried to brazen it out, but her faco only took ou on expression of pugnatious indgnifl-. 'Wlrnt wns Jt you wcro sayingP resumed Mr. Pliilbrick as Philip overtook liim. 'I Lad forgotten.' 'Speaking of busincssf' suggested the other, oiid theu continued himself, not dis pleased at au extra turn. 'Business, I aoy, is heartless ond cruol as death. It is pitilcs. and pity Is tho noblest of emotions; it is un generous, it is unfair, wo havo bad enough of it when it grinds so terribly. ' lir. Phil brick thought his tirado ?would ; Eurcly fetch an enthusiastic retort. But Philip only walked on by his 6ido iu silence; ho Boomed iutent on soma beautiful madf1 ' f cloud just IwrJad Uio ran, as he sjxxi on his way to tho wort. 'CanY otTord it, cant afford it,' went ou , tho old gentleman, gesticulating villi bis forefinger, 'that is what you would bay. J prcsumo;oC coursc you cant if tho upi-cr classes waste thu wealth they do. 1 tell you there is no eenso or oxeuso for a luau siwud ing ten and twenty and fifty thousand dol lars a year. Why, it is a good workman io your mill who earns ton thousand dollars ina Lifetime, adding ull his days' wages toother. There ought to bo more fairness about these things. Such man as you, Philip Breton, get too much— nioro than any reasonable creatures conld want. Now, you ought to go right to work and distribute your surplus— I mean your real surplus— bark whiTo it ramo from, among the puor. It takes but very little money to buy what can make a life comfort able and complete. The rich are always com plaining that tliey don't enjoy lift* ihojv than tho middle classes, but they niDuiw tn wunle whnt would ninken thousand wretched homes happy without uue jmng of conseieneo.*' 'Hut what do you want mo to do-' asked Pliilip iu astonishment. Tho old gentleman's face was flushed witli enthusiasm. 'Why I wn:it you to tako hold, and begin to make tilings equal, by paying back your surplus in oue form or smother. Give thorn better homes to live jn. Rborteu their hours fo they can have n little existence besides drudgery; ]-ay ibeni better wages.' Philip looked distressed and doubtful Ho had thought tho subject over eaiefully aud believed be had done a givnt deal already for his iwor. His plnluntliropie friend would turn tlie whole world tupvy turvey. 'Wliy, you know what the books say — that giving fo much would *poi] -i]J the spirit and patience of the working clJ^se?.,, 'Mere urguincutsi devised to s'Vjthe tho consciences --f t lie rich.1' explained Mr. Phil brick with a grand nir. ''Tliongh tberois sueh n thing us unwise beiuvolonee, en couraging piiupers and beggnrs; but a man who works, every day of lus life isn't a l-eg- gor, Your father madcagood iiivolinent that brings you in say u «pinrter niilliou a year. Thiit is i-ntbor above what you pay your workman: J-ul it ilorwj't hurt your jnnubniiffS any, inv boy. The poorest ]-aid baud in your factory works a great deal harder than you; ynu needn't lniufraidof degrading hismunhoud utitil he gets n quarter million.'' 'But wouldn't thcyhnng ofT onllioiroars unless tljcj- had to struggle for a livelihood?' ??Sly dear Pliilip, y«ni wouldn't think it ncxitsnry to sl.irve u hoi-.-i-, und bang a bag nf oats jusl In-fore his in-se to make him go. Bettor fii'il him the ool.s, and n beullby uni mul Jjke^ Mgu, Uuyou lie I'tT on ynur oars.? You could fiir« -r«l it a thousand limes better than t iH'V. (iive 11 i«-ii i a elianee for hupcntid ninljitii'ii, nnd it will prmluen the I'icst work r\vr kiKuvn. Who lives herer'' lie stJipjxil in front of a graceful littio cot lagi-. through whose oj-eu windows one could ns- into rlleerful. well furni-hed rooms. Arow of maple saplings had been Intel v set iu front, and plenty of green Khrubs und ample vines gave the place a juosi rbarniiDg air. 'John i! in \vs, oue of my workmen. His daughter m:in-j'd rich, mid it is her hus 1 i:ind'- nimiey w]jji;Ji ba-- worked the remark able tr:ni- fi«rni:iunn.:' ] 'hi lip was \ cry glad to cliuiiL'i' 1 lie snl.jei't. '.Inhn's wife was Eick — sii|i|M». d t.i !«? jui invalid. See that ladyb'ko woman wan-ring i lie haii^'iuz i-ot Mhot issbo. : KI]iri;'sWnrih's m«'iie.\ ni;ule tlie chnngo. As , fii!-«ira\e- hiiiiwli. lie li-i'd t-- bo bowed aJ- 1 niu-1 lila- a ct'ip]-le. Ur v..is »s Jiiclaueholy as an undej-i.-jker. ami lie had good I'ejsou to be, 1 I'i'll.iw, Hi- used 1. 1 pull u great slouch I ii.it doxvn i ivei' hix f:t'*e 1' hide ay much as lio ! cuild of hiin^-lf. 'Well, yuu wouldn't know 1 him now ; iir js us rc^pecuiblu a looking sum. n* 'lie nft. n sees, aud the\' sav bewoi'ksas hard a- ever.' ' ' i 'lie i-^u't th'gradod any, thonf' asked Mr. | Pliilbriek six ]y, as tliey walked on again, 'by ; his gn--d fortune. 'I eanimi eai ry out your jiroposal, it isn't in my line. 1 am n business niau and must wm-k in ehnrai'ler. I uetually fed ns if I hod land'- i[iiile a fnr jue.'' 'A ste; i !' cried his cnm]»inion, eagerly real-hill^ -JI11 Im clasp hi- hand. 'Astride, nnlv i wmiJ von lo g.. clear In the goal.' ??i am tun sinw for ynu,' H,liled Pllllip, sidlv. as. he shook his bead. 'What 1 have (iiteinpted scums enough foi' one life work. 1 ilon'l \\\\*Kit in rivk it all by a new experi ment, Here we are at my house, wou't you Tliey ? ? ? at the gale. Tbe front door Mood inviiingly oiK'ii, shomng tho broad oakeustaiiva.se, and still l^eyoud, thotdblfi set for the eveuing meal. 'Not to-night, thank you.'' Mr. Philbricfc ribook his baud for parting, but did not 666B- quite ready to go. 'Tea is all ready,' urged Philip, 'and I -)tiito alone.' 'Hh Jio, ?nv jrain leaves, ' ho mado an ez iitse to look at his watch, 'in liwlf qq hour,** ol ill he hesitati--l. At last lie laid bis hand gently on Philip's 'You nre young and have probably a loug life of usefulness before ynu. Hut a mail can never lell.'' Philip looked i» fnirpriso ut lihti. 'You nmy change vour iniiid. i-r givo HP your uorl: : if you sln--,|,i wiint. to, just h't Hie kiimi, 1 uoiiM J a k\\- In buy \ nu ?'-ut aud 'Hui y.ni 'iicii rieh i- ????jb. Ynu ]-ro)v» l.l- klmu l|, ?. ' : i : 1 1 i 'i „ o| l!,e 1;ivU.,» Mills,' misweivd 1*111 1 ; | ?, a lilt le ? ? ? '1 ei in li | j,;,y yi in MUlelihillg. UtUl V.-u vouMn't drive ton Itru -1 r. biu-^aliu. Yuu would be yiad, jiorhaps. to e'jntri'_»uto iu tbut Philip b-.ir. l into ti hearty laugh; his holi est old friend ,jx |i -- j j i ; his wits. *oveup les 1' :etiiry. ami his ..wa .. home that «us his only In.;,., in Jiie: ];,j1 M,-. Phill.nck -did not srmle. }J,. v- i 'in. ?? 1 jjci u;ill y wjjoui aud ' t-'ll, I will give Vi»u Ihe liivt e|ialH'«J when 1 want lOM'il.' The old gent lejuaii's raroestius* s-ibered PLihp ill spile of in'ui^ '1'. jJc «us Kin -v ho liad laughed. I'erbap.i In: hiid uim 'king his own destiny. Tiie ph.lautlirniiisfs pro° ] i- -sal began tn alTect him :.s a .!,-ith's h'-a d .ut a feast, jj,. lv;h ;ijnjj,j unt f_ it. Hid his trie, jd kn-.w hj„ b.-n^r ihati J^e knewhun^-U r Did b- s, v .leuicnLs of woak wreck his beautiful hopes? Philip Mnlkei] slov.iy up to hi* iloor. On. -e | ? I and In.. i,. .I /Hicr t lie bent bnt -,l ? '1 ' vignrnits -iuiiro4.f f f j. fj j.| proph--t. Nod'-iil- ' he wiijr already pluimmg | ,,w m i ev. JuLioiti:;i ? I the mm, .,iu'ter!!dlKV'r SI''iUk With llim hv I ^ ( To con'imwd., iui.rt tiaturdai/. J 