THE FLOODS IN PENNSYLVANIA THE fearful disaster which has occurred in Pennsylvania is one of the great horrors of the century. The loss of life is in excess of that in many of the greatest battles, and it would be hard to find a parallel instance in modern times of so vast a multitude being hurried to destruction, with such dreadful suddenness. It is stated that the authorities were warr.ed of the insecurity of the reservoir many months previously, but no steps were taken to have the necessary re pairs effected. In sucli a case, if any of the responsible parties hare survived the terrible calamity, they have much blood on their hands. America is wonderfully fruit ful of disasters by flood and fire, and on the railway; and almost weekly we are in receipt of news of somo new tale of destruction with its usual accompaniment of heavy los3 of life. Of course, in many of thase cases, the blizzard of last year for instance, the disastor was non-preventible. But can this be said of the many railway accidents, the sweeping away of bridgos, and this latest and most terrible event in Pennsylvania 1 The Americans are a wonderful people, their inventive genius is world-renowned, but those who read the account of each successive d'sastor cannot help arriving at tho con clusion that there is something defective in the construction of tho bridges and reser voirs that are swept away, and some defect in tho management of tho railways. We do not, for instance, receive so many reports of calamitous railway accidents from Great Britain, although England eapecialiy is a perfect network of railroads. The lesson should not bo lost on the Australian colonists, mrhose care it should bo that all their undertakings great, as well as small, should be carried out in a manner that will render danger in the future a very remote possibility. Contractors and engineers, whether the servants of private persons or the Slate, will sometimes scamp their work It will bo within the recollection of our readers that even in tho construction of tho Malmsbury reservoirs there were grave defects, which were fortunately discovered in time. Who can say that this circum stance was not the means of preventing a terrible loss of life in the valley of the Coliban and Campaspe 1 Where the de velopment of a country and the building of cities and towns is rapid, it is difficult by ordinary precautions to guard against work of imperfect or incomplete character, and hence the necessity for the Stato and the people exercising a twofold vicilance. GOLD CALLS A;."D DIVIDENDS.-The gold yields on Saturday were moderate, the total being only 3,S00 ozs. The principal yields were Johnson's Gold Wines, 503 07.3.; Great Extended Hustlers, 481 ozs.; North Johnsons, 42-1 ozs.; Garden Gully United, 303 ozs. and New Chum Consolidated, 213 ozs. The only dividend declared was Johnsons Gold Mines, Is., £1,400. Ths calls amounted to £2,402. SUICIDE OP A WOMAN.-The body of a woman frightfully mutilated (writes our Melbourne cor respondent) was found on the railway line near Montague station this morning. In the pocket of her dress a letter was found pointing to the conclusion that it was a case of suicide. The letter was addressed to some one in Sandhurst, presumedly her sister. In it the writer ex presses her intention of committing suicide. The letter was signed JJ, J. A. Hiehardson. A Tumi) DETECTIVE.-By the last train on Saturday night Detective M'Swiney arrived in Sandhurst from Melbourne, and cammencod duty hare yesterday. Tins GOLDEN-SQUARK RAILWAY ACCIDENT. Enginediivcr Findlay ai'd Fireman Ashworth are still in the hospital, but are rapidly re covering. It is expected that Ashworth will be able to be discharged from the institution in a fortnight's time and Findlay within a week. MAN'DURANG ELECTORATE.-The following polling places have been appointed for the elec toral district of M^ndurang 1-Gridgewater division-Derby, Leichardt, Sebastian, Yarra berb (Campbell's Forest); Elmore division Druinmartin (Kamarooka); Huntly division Epsom; Tandarra division-Kamarooka North, Yallook. REGISTRARS.-Air. Thomas S. Sampson has been appointed electoral registrar far the Woodstock divisisn of the oleotoral division of Maldon and the Marong divisions of the Northern Province. Mr. William James has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the same. TIIE FACTORIES' ASD Siiors' ACT.-In com pliance with an application, the Chief Secretary lias suspended the operation of the first clause of section 29 in the workrooms 01" Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson, Bechivo Stores, Sandhurst. PATENTS FOR INVENTIONS, - My, Charles Phillip3, of Hargreavos-stroat, has applied for a patent for invention for an improvement in endless revolving fabric tables for concentrating auriferous and other metalliferous material. Tr.MPKF.ANCK MEETING.-The monthly tem perance meeting will be hold to-morrow even ing. ThePvev. T. E. Jones will deliver an ad dress. And the programme includes musical selections and recitations. Cm" POLIOi: COURT.-Messrs. .Nr. Rundellaud J. H. Abbott, Js.I\, attended on Saturday, and fined two inebriates Os. each. Samuel id'Lei land, charged with vagrancy, was discharged. Win. Billmann, a young man, was brought up for deserting his illegitimate child at Sinythes dale, and was remanded to appear at thai place. John Alexander was fined os. for using obsceno language whilst drunk to the licensee of the Rainbow Hotel. Several debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. THE SACRED CONCERT IN THE RESERVE. -The concert, which was to have been given by Northcott's Band in Rosalind Parle yesterday afternoon in aid of the Harris family, was again postponed in consequence of the mclemeucy of the weather. >TE\V INSOLVENT.-Wallace Algic, of Rental Island, Lake Boga, farmer. A general meet ing of creditors will ho held ut tlie Sandhurst Circuit Court on the I8th insjtp SocrAL.-A social and parlor game3 will be held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Rowan street, thi3 evening,to commence at 6.:ti) o'clock The social will be held fortnightly during the winter months. VINE AND FBUIT-GROWXKS' ASSOCIATION. AN informal meeting of this association WAS held at the Beehive Exchange on Saturday. A letter was read from the secretary of the Board of Vi ticulture, stating that the board had resolved to visit Sandhurst in July for th« purpose of in specting the vineyards and selecting a site for a viticulturn.1 school. Other letters were received, but were not dealt with as there was no quorum. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.-We have received the May number of the " Melbourne University Review." It contains much interesting matter and the literary merit IS quite up to the high standard of this useful journal. The poetic fancies "A Cathedral," and " Aucassin's Choice," possess more than ordinary excellence. The '. Illustrated Sydney News" is also to hand Its woodcuts are numerous, and relate to sub jects exciting much attention at present. " Physiognomy made easy, or the art of reading faces," by Mr. Jos. Eraser, of Melbourne; and the " Australian Botanic Practitioner'' journal, have also arrived, and are hooks that will interest many. From Mr. J. Robshaw WE have received a copy of " G'assell'S Saturday Journal," which is up to itsu3ual excellent standard. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.-Henry M'Garthy, 01 years of age, admitted 12th March, died yesterday from phthisis. ABOUT AX OLD Fkiknd.-The following refer ence in the " Argus" to a gentleman who was for some yeais connected with the Bank of Victoria in Sandhurst, will be read with interest by his many friends in thi3 district. Mr. William Meudell, who has been manager of the Bank of Victoria in this city for the last eight years, left the colony by the R.M.S. Oroya yesterday for London, where lie will assume the management of the.London office, Mr. Meudell has been an officer of the bank for over 35 years, and during bis long service lia3, by his many estimable qualities, gained the cordial appreciation nnd goodwill of the board of directors and the staff. He was entertained by the board of the bank at a luncheon at Scott's Hotel on Thursday, when his health and bon royitgi were proposed in fitting and kindly terms by Mr. Edward Byam Wight, chairman of directors. He was also presented earlier in the day with a chronometer watch and chain by Mr. William Miller on behalf of the staff of the bank, whose best wishes he carries with him. Mr. Meudell is succeeded in the Mel bourne uuinagiamp.iit by Mr. J. D. Law, fovmeily the assistant manager. GERMAN' CHURCH.-Yesterday being Whit Sunday, the Rev. F. Leypoldt, at tlio German Church, preached two eloquent and impressive sermons, taking his text in the morning from Ezekiel, 11th chapter, 19th verse, "And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you, and I will take the strong heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh." The rev. gentleman put and answered three questions, viz.-What sort of heart is that to be considered as a strong one, by what means does God move the strong heart, and what kind of a new heart does God give instead. In the evening Pastor Leypoldt took his text from the Acts, 19th chapter, verse 1 to 7, asking the congregation "Have ye who cele brate to.day, Pentecost received the holy ghost? The preacher showed how most of the present Christians resembled the disciples of John the Baptist,whom St.Paul met in Ephesus. Although they joined the newly formed Church of Christ, still they had not hitherto received the holy ghost. Appropriate hymns were sung by the choir and congregation; prayers were offered up for the Queen of Great Britain and the German Emperor. Herr Lehmann ably presided at tiic organ. At the conclusion of the morning service there was holy communion. OUR lady readers will be glad to know that Mr. Schier baa secured tin: valuable services of Miss Howard, as head dressmaker, and she is second to none in Sandhurst. We can with every confidence recommend tier to any lady who desires a splendid tit, together with the latest style in dresses or mantles suitable for cot or castle. A glance ut the windows will assure our lady friends that they can secure the latest and choicest goods in Dress Fab rics and Trimmings, and every requisite for a Lady's Toilet.-[ADVT], A sale by auction of the complete furniture and fancy goods stock in the insolvent estate of Henry Bollmami, of View Point, is announced iu our ad vertising columns to be held on Friday next at 12 o'clock by Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. Full particulars will appear in future advertisements. Messrs. 6. H. Hobson and Co. will to-day, at their rooms, sell by public aucMon on account of various owners, household furniture of every de scription, second hand and new crockery, glass ware, fancy goods, and sundries. The sale is un reserved. We are requested to oall attention to a sale of furniture at the rooms of Messrs. .Taa. Andrew and Co. at 11 o'clock, full particulars of which are advertised in our columns. The North Bendigo Football Club will hold a special meeting at the White Horse Hotel, Cali fornia Gully, to-morrow evening. The Albion Football Club meet at the Fire Brigade Hotel this evening. 