BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. IBs B. M. Johnston, n Harper's Young Peopl 1 XI/ Uncle Peter had spent the day at Mr. Pritchett'a mending plough stocks, righting the henhouse, the gates, and other things in the condition of dilapidation. His work had been quite satisfactory, and in addition to the payment of the wage ne had been treated by Mr. Fritchett to a Bupper of spare ribB, souse, fatty bread, and coffee, so that it was consider ably paBt eight before he left for home. In that end of the village and for quite a distance up its one long street there was not a resident who (unless his hearing was impaired) could not have certified when he was a mile away to the advent of Peter Batch upon a Saturday night, He had been heard to say often that on such nights ghosts were most prone to come out of their secret places and roam abroad. One of his theories was that they were hostile to loud noises, especially those of a profane kind, but that they seldom made themselves visible to persons, even in most solemn and unfrequented places, who opened their mouths—the wider the better—in religious songs. The way from Mr, Pritchett's led, just be fore reaching the village, along the lower side of the graveyard, whose border therealong lay in a level where several huge low-limbed red oaks made the scene sombre even in daylight. In the deep of a black night travellers on wheels or horseback had to be guided by the instincts of their beasts, and when afoot by the feel of the road beneath their feet and the faint light that came down through the open ing between the tieetops. On this night a hazy half moon hung above and a mist was abroad Bnch as Scottish poets tell of when ghoBtB used to move forth npon the solemn silence. Peter Burcb,'contented in body and in mind, after opening the Pritchett front gate, shut it with a Blam that made a lone whippoorwill on the fence bard by Bnddenly cease its moan and fly away as if for life. Pausing a moment and looking up to the heavenB, he said, " High!" What he meant by this interjection I know no more than you do, but with the first home ward Btep he lifted high his voice to the tune of one of the moBt spirit-stirring hymns known to both rural religious denominations, " Look like old Unk Peter Bnrch's woices is in good chune to-night. I been s-settin' out here in tbe peazer a-liatenin' to him evy sence he left Jimmy Pritchett's, and that's a good mile off." This was said by Mr. Humphrey, who dwelt on the corner opposite and below the BurcheB'. " He want," suggested Mrs. Humphrey from within, "to let old Annt Sally know he's a-coming, so she may have hiB supper ready time he git home." "Not only that," replied the husband, "but he's a singin' to keep off sperrits. I hum him say that singin' o' hymes is good a way as be ever tried agin them." "Well, if woices will keep off sperrits, Uncle Peter, a body would supposen, have a plenty o' them. I ben ahearin' of him too, a-givin' ont and a singin' here in the house, a-i'onin' of clotheB though I be, and I consate it sound right sweet;" The custom in all country churches in those times was, because of tbe scarcity of books, to "line," or read out the bymns two lines at a time before singing them. Negroes, therefore, in spiritual singings would have regarded it as almost a desecration to sing otherwise, and so whether they remember tbe words or not they assumed to prelude and interlude, if need was, with high-toned and most plaintiff mumblings. On this occasion the adjacent woods and hills heard and re echoed first the announcement of the hymn beginning, according to Uncle Peter— Tincw pit— ejelaws! thno Laws forgives! Nar let ee punchant sin—nars liveB ! And then with snortings tumultuous, alter nately beseeching and threatening, he poured forth in song, The brief intervals in the musio were refreshed with roaring grunts, as if to ex press satisfaction of tbe singer both with the h> mn and bis own oonsummaterendering. The wide way was enlivened and solemnised by such recitative and song. Just as he had * ached the verge of the fiat at the bottom of ti e graveyard he halted for a moment, and with becoming graduation mumbled low before ra'sing the beginning words of the next hymn. Tt en clearing his throat he lifted high his open mcuth, and as if feeling that he was about to ei ter tho village in triumph, roared— Hm' I sees a wurl uv spay—wich brights 'fi' who tase de pledg— yara dare! And just as the song was about to follow sud denly, from behind a great oak on a side of the path, stepped forth something tall, clad all in white, and in sepulchral but intensely arihoritative tone commanded the singer to come to a halt, " High!" said the latter. " White Spayit 1" He stooped, and was proceeding to make his cabalistic symbol upon the ground when, from behind another oak, nearer and on the opposite side, stepped forth a figure les3 tall than the first and clothed all in black, It also, in tones if possible more sepulchral and more authorita tive, cried " Halt!" 5'High! Black Spayit!"said Uncle Peter, quickly adding, " you see dis ole nigger doin' des lali you says, bofe un you, Marse Spayiis er Mistress Spayits, whichsonever you is." For indeed, while White Spirit with his tall figure, although thus Bhrouded, would seem to belong exclusively to the male sex, on the other hand the briefer stature, besides the frock and the bonnet, in appearance much like the Be worn by mortal women, led Uncle Peter to Buspect that Black Spirit wa3 a female. A moment alter Uncle Peter's response was given to the double order, Black Spirit, turn irg from him entirely, began to move with remarkable slowness, silence, and solemnity toward White Spirit; but White Spirit, not disposed, aa it seemed, to enjoy the society thuB extended to it, after making an ejacula tion of a kind not intelligible to Uncle Peter, turned itself with some abruptness and began upon a prompt and rather brisk retreat from the place, "Didn't I tell yon to halt?" demanded Black Spirit, in tones harsher and more terrific than had ever been heard before in that bottom, night or day. Then, flapping its garments fiercely in the night air, it dashed off in pursuit shrieking, " Halt! halt! I tell you !" " High !" said Uncle Peter. " Black Spayit tabin' atter White Spayit! Go it, White Spayit! Black Spayit gainin' on you, Ef you don' make tracks peerter, she gwine fetch up 'long wid you," Then in lower tone he added, before starting on a run himself, "Sher! sicn projeckin' gwine skeer Sisally mighty nigh puten de senses un her." It is doubtful if a being of the breed of the one all clad in white ever exhibited greater regret for having essayed to " revisit thus the glimpseB of the moon." Not looking back, but made aware by the negro's warning words how closely it waB pursued, White Spirit did its very best in multiplying the tracks that had been recommended so earnestly. The great shroud opened wide before the breeze that its wearer's flight had raised, and legs, looking in the pale moonlight for all the world like human legs, reached for conquest of the space lying between tbem and the churchyard well, In deed, in the agony of its haste, White Spirit at length tore from its neck the strings of the garment which to a degree hindered its flight, and as it waB wafted back Black Spirit, now at the corner of the graveyard, uttered a laugh so bideouB that the fugitive, not relaxing its gait, shouted, " Oh dear, fellows ! where are you all ?" "Here, Tom," answered all—"here at the well." Then, at the sound cf so many human voices, Black Spirit ceased pursuit and rapidly glided away. "Where's old Uncle Peter?" laughingly asked Frank Tolly, "Don't asked me about old Pete," answered Tom, between pantings. " Jes as I came out from behind the tree the worst-looking thing that ever walked this troublesome world came Gut from another, and make straight for me ! and if I hadn't got out of its way I'd have been a dead man by now. You all got any feelin's to be laughin' that way ?" At that moment Sally Burch came to the door of her cabin and cried—"In dejnameo' goodness, who dem makin' all dat racket out dar right by de meet'n'-house? You Br'er Pe—teb !" The call filled all space for a vast distance. "Here me, Sisally; bress yo' heart! don't you be ekeert! Des some o' dem boys pro eckin', When he reached the group he said, " Marse Tommy, here your ma's sheet you Ief' so keer less down dar on de aige o' de grabeyard." " Did you ever see such an awful thing, Unk Pete?' " Hit did look right toler'ble survigous, my young master, en ef it hadn't a tuck atter you, dee—dee ain' no teilin'." " I beg your pardon, Unk Pete, for tryin' to skeer you." "Oh, dat'a all right, Marse Tommy. You see people better study in day mind 'bout runnin' on projeckin' 'bout de grabeyard at sich a time, en git deeself run onter by spayit3 shoo "nough," "BoyB," said Frank Tolly solemnly, "lam goin' to get away from this place." Then he broke into a run, followed [by all bis pals except Tom Pullen, who soon took the lead. " Dat what dee got by Bichkyat'n' on out dar by de meet'n house en de grabeyard, en hit so nigh onter Sunday, en hit meet'n' Sunday et dat," said Aunt Sally, " I nuver, not sence I been horned, I nuver heerd a boy holler so skeerts es dat Tommy Pullen, a'most a man grown ez he are. Did you see dat spayit, Br'er Peter ?» "Yes, I see him, Sisally; but I know nay one [un 'em warn' no spayit from de way dee hollered en kyar'd on. En den, persides, I see Mies Beazerly have on dat same bonnet dat las' un had on dis very mornin' in her gyar d'n; en I heerd dat little Jimmy holler too often not know 'twarn't nobody but him, en he ben put up to skeer dat t'er boy when he tryiu' to Bkeer me, I seen inter dat soon I got to de well, en I notice all un 'em 'ceptin' dat Pnll'n boy 'tendin' to be so qualm, en quool, en solemn too." " Good for him ! but ef you hadn't answered I were gwine faint right dar in de do', BresB my soul ferde badness ken git in long o' dem white boys! I don' speck to git nay drap o' Bleep diB night, En dat same Pull'n boy he owe me, en been owin' I don' know how long, fur three gingy cakes an' five mug o' beer, Good fer nim 1 Gwine atter Bkeerin' old old people ain' bladder'n long o' him, en—en git skeert hiesef, en mighty nigh to def. I'm —I'm glad an it, dat I is!" 