NEWS IN BRIEF. VICTORIA. The Corop people rejoice in the possession of a splendid sheet of water in Lake Cooper, one of the finest lakes in the Northern portion of Vic- toria. The lake is full just now, but not many years ago was quite dry. New lines of railway are still being petitioned for in scores. Mr. Gillies says that over 5000 miles have been applied for, and the survey staff is so overworked that it will not be able to ac- complish half the work required. An effort is being made to secure a refresh- ment room at the Heyfield railway station. The Maffra folk also intend to try to get refreshment rooms at their station, to suit the convenience of travellers, especially those from Briago- long. During the floods at Murchison, one of the roads there was submerged to the depth of 4 feet. A man was taking a waggon load of sleepers to the station, when one of the horses fell into a slush hole in the road and was suffo- cated before it could be extricated. The Wonnangatta, Wongungarra, Mercka, Humphray, Dargo, and Crooked Rivers are flooded bank and bank ; a heavier flood than has been for years. The Snowy River is bank high. The floods are supposed to have been caused by the thawing of the snow on the mountains. It is proposed to start another new weekly newspaper in Lancefield early in November next. Mr. John Little, late editor and proprie- tor ot the Lancefield Mercury, is to have the whole and sole management of the affair. It is proposed to call the new venture either the Lancefield Advocate or Chronicle. The journey from Colac to Warrnambool by rail will very shortly be possible. When the warmer weather commences and the banks be- come firmer the rails will be laid from the present terminus at Cudgee into Warrnambool — which will occupy about three weeks only, so that resi- dents can safely anticipate being able to travel by rail right through to the metropolis by Cup day. A man named John Norquay has, through his solicitor, claimed £50 from the Romsey shire council as compensation for an accident which he met with in driving over a stump on a road in the Rochford riding about a mouth ago. He had one of his arms broken. The first intima- tion the council or any individual member of it received of the occurrence was at the meeting when Norquay put in his claim. An accident, which unfortunately had a fatal termination, occurred at Rupanyup to a man named William Robinson, aged 63 years. Robinson was driving a dray into Rupanyup when he fell out and one of the wheels passed over his chest. He sustained fractured ribs and wound of the lung. The case was hopeless, Robinson expiring within a few hours of admission to the hospital from internal hemorr- hage. The unusually wet winter has seriously inter- fered with the progress of the Kilmore-Lance- field railway. When the contract was com- menced the large sum of about £2500 was dis- tributed in wages among the workmen every fortnight, but lately this has been reduced on account of the bad weather to £300 or £400. The contractors hope that work will soon be in full swing again, and that a great deal of lost ground will be recovered. Every block laid for the Warrnambool break- water is of come benefit to the port. The schooner Ocean Rover was brought alongside the jetty recently, and even though the sea was fairly rough in other parts of the bay, it was comparatively calm at the pier. A cargo of the heaviest timber, comprising about 50 large piles, was discharged in four days, whereas, had the vessel remained in the bay, the work would have taken as many months. The body of a man was found floating in the Snowy River about a mile from Orbost and identified as that of a man named Browne, who bad been recently employed maize picking. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. The contents of letters found on the body went to chow that the deceased was well connected in the old country. The only theory of the cause of Ins death is that Browne, who was suffering with bod eyes, had gone to the river to get water and had accidentally slipped in. A ghost has been frightening women and children at Ruthcrglen for some time past. One evening last week tho spiritual intruder created a disturbance outside tho window of a young man employed in the town ; but the young man wasn't a bit afraid. On the contrary, lie seized a waddy, jumped through the window and ham mered the ghost till ho begged for mctcy, and announced himself as a local pen driver. 'Public opinion has now decided that there is not a ghost within 50 miles of the town. A singular accident happened on Sunday to a little girl named Mary Sands. The girl was playing w'.th a boy who had a small stick in liis hand in the Tataliu school grounds, tho stick was broken and the end struck the girl in tho eye with such violence that it was feared the sight would be permanently injured. A medical examination, however, showed the mischief is not so serious as was first feared, aud it is hoped that after a few weeks' rest the little girl w.U be able to attend school again. On Sunday afternoon two children named M'Hab and "White, aged 13 and 15 years respec tively, had a narrow escape from drowning. They were paddling about the swamp near the railway bridge over the Loddon in a small punt when it was carried into the strong current which runs under the bridge and capsized. They happened to bo icen by a young man named Schurjuan, who was on the bridge at the time, and hestripped offandswnm in after them. bring ing them safely to land. Neither of the lads were hurt beyond a good wotting and a fright. While the people of Benalla were peacefully reposing in tlicir beds last week, a very narrow escape from a most disastrous explosion took place at the local railway station. Two trucks, one containing tons of lime and the other 5 tons of dynamite, were standing together in the station yard, when the lime became ignited. Fortunately the clerk on duty, recognising tho disastrous ccmcQuences which might ensue, had the burning truck removed at once and emptied of its contents. The local paper is devoutly thankful there was no repetition of the Antwerp dh aster. Professor Hullnr has been giving somo exhibi tions et Seymour with a collection of 60 tiger enakes caught outsido the town during tho late floods. He thrusts his hand into a barrel con taining the collection, and pulls up three or four lively specimens, which flatten tlicir heads and show determined signs of fight for a few seconds, after which they bccomo perfectly docile, and allow themselves to be used ob scarfs, head gear, &c.; One evening Professor Huilar was bitten on tho finger by & large sized reptile, but he applied an alleged antidote of his own to the punctures and went on with the ex hibition. A comical incident occurred the other day to a gentleman at Alexandra. 'This gentleman, a nearly full fledged sergeant of volunteers (mounted rifles), was putting his troop through Their drill for tho first time before Colonel 1'iicc; he got on fairly for a bit, but at last got stuck and looked at the colonel with a pitiful eye, who asked him what was wrong. "They'ro boxed, sir," ho said. "I know that," said tho colonel, who again told liim to go on. After a minute s reflection, the officer again reiterated, " They're boxed, sir." "Unbox them then," roared the colouel, but he was compelled to ful fil his own order. Donald Cameron, of Hamilton, a medical student at the Edinburgh University, has gained Dr. Byron Bramwell's special prize in medicine witkarecordot £6per cent, of marks. Thestudeiit who came next to him had been a medallist in all his previous years, and it was deemed a cer tainty for him. The victory reflects credit on Mr. Cameron, and also on the Hamilton Acadaroy, of which he was formerly a pupil. Mr. Cameron, who is now in his final year, expects to finish his medical studies by next June, and to be back in Victoria by the follow ing Christinas. A lino is suggested from Bccac to Li&xnore; to join the Port Campbell, Camperdown and Warrnambool railway at Lismore. This line would cross the Woady Y&Uock; river a few miles from Lake Corangamitc. A little outlay would make the river navigable for steamers and small vessels from the place the line would cross to tlio lake. The steamers could ply ou the lake, which is about 25 miles from the river to Pirron Yallock. The water carriage would do away with a lot of the wear and tear of the metal roads occasioned by tho great amount of haulage required for the conveyance of carrots, onions ond potatoes. A witness in a case at the Gcelong Supreme Court narrowly escaped unpleasant consequences for glibly relating his evidence. Ho gave his sta ements at a high rate of speed, and In a somewhat unusual tone of voice for the ordinary witness. Eventually he was pulled up by his honor asking him if he had been drinking during the day. "Not at all," was the reply, "I only had one glass of whisky during the day." "Are you certain?" queried the judge. "Quite so, " answered the witness. His honor was, nevertheless, doubtful that one whisky would have occasioned such loquacity, and cautioned the mau to give his evidence iu a more becoming manner. If he were only certain that the witness was under the influence of drink he would commit him for contempt. Mr. T; Horslcy has discoveretLa large seam of coal on his property at Jumbunna East. 'J he seam !s situated near the bottom of a steep gully. Mr. Horslcy followed it for some dis tance, and it enlarged as it went in. Then a shaft was put down into the hill above, and when the coal was struck it proved so solid that it turned the edge of pick and crowbar, and hammer and gad had to be used. About 7 feet were gone through, bat owing to the great in flux of water operations had to lie discontinued. It is thought probable, as tho 6cam is seve ral hundred feet below Korumburra seam, that it is the veritable plain of coal that is supposed to underlie Gippsmnd. In the meantime a gas company is being floated in the district to supply the town of "Korumburra,- and land has risen £10 per acre within a radius of six miles. A navvy named Lawrence Lender, aged about 40 years, was brought before the Hamilton police court the other day. The man had been working on tho new Penshurst line, about 6 miles from Hamilton, when he became very excited, affirming that somebody was running after h.in and wanted to injure him. While being taken to Hamilton he bolted from his keepers and ran into the town with bate feet and without hat or coat, screaming at the top of his voice. "When the police took him in charge he was covered with perspiration fiom head to foot and trembl ng with fear. He was remanded for eight days for medical treatment. Leader bears the character of being a bard working, inoffensive man, who drinks very little. His case suggests that there aro : somo places iu or near Hamilton were poison is sold and maniacs manufactured, and it is high time that these places were discovered and their keepers punished as they deserve to be. Some amusement was occasioned in the Mary borough police court by the antics of a China man named All Sam, who. was charged with vagrancy. Au interpreter was sworn to trans late for the Celestial's information the evidence adduced against him, and also to explain the nature of his statement . to the bcucb. He listcucd submissively enotfgh to the translated evidence of the police, but when asked what he had to say, he declined the offices of tho inter preter, remarking — "Englisheo mau talkim Chinecman tolkim allee same," and with, this preface, proceeded to address the benoh, accen tuating his statements with appropriate gesture. Tho bench, however, were unable to discover where the " allces&me; " ness came in, as John's Bpcccli was quite unintelligible to them. Being satisfied as to his dependent condition, they ordered his imprisonment for three mouths, and when the sentence was explained to him ho ex claimed, " No, no !" and shook his head e&iuestly;, evidently preferring freedom in want to bondage with a supply of life's necessaries. 