PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARPER. C[?] anyone fathom the depths and shoals of human nature as seen under the magical initials M.L.A.? What with the fulmina tions bf the leading columns, the indignant remonstrances of Mr Patterson ami Mr Foster, the appalling statistics of Mr M’CoII, and the heartrending witticisms of the comic press,*people were beginning to think that the colony was almost within view of a Treasury loot, and that the Public Ser vice stood menacingly before Parliament, as a grave public danger. It was generally held that lion, members had in truth “ fallen from their high estate," and were content to be the willing vassals of the assertive gentle men who for a consideration consent to I manago the public departments; that the innocent bill introduced by tiie Premier bade fair to be so loaded with privileges and concessions as to cause serious thoughts of dropping it altogether; and after having supped full of all these horrors we are brought to the disappointing and saddening conclusion that all .these things represent the appointment of some two score operating messengers, lias our astute Premier stalled off the dangerous rush, or was it all make believe ? The record of the week is dull indeed. No one expected it to be very- exciting; but decidedly more was expected than was realised. It is well known to everybody, that is anybody in polities, that anew clause is the most difficult of all amending ways. If an amendment can be introduced upou a clause of the bill some amount of interest is assured, fur the Government must protest against it, which- generally meaus that the Opposition must declare either taeitiy by voting, or openly for it; but usually anew clause is an uninteresting sort of stray donkey that gets into the road of the pro gress of the bill in an aimless sort of way, and is brushed aside witli hardly a thought. It is of no interest to the Opposition, because ic will nut affect the'security of the Ministry; it is of less moment to the Corner, because it offers them no opportunity for hitting the Government in their own peculiar way, and it is of still less interest to the Ministry, because its rejection is a foregone conclusion. The unfortunate member in whose name the new clause stands does liis best to simulate a real enthusiasm in his cause, hut in such a House it is iudeed difficult to work. Never theless he struggles through, assisted by the sympathising looks of those whom “fel low feeling has made wondrous -kind,” and winds up his. speech hurriedly, and sits down gladly with a thankful face. The only ones really interested are the poor supplicants iii the gallety, and they, poor people, rise sadly from their seats when all is over, flit with downcast faces through the Queen’s Hall out into the darkness of the streets never to trouble the Homo again forever, unless, perchance, another distract ing number is to be added to the Public Service bills; then they will turn up in evitably, possibly with greyer heads aud feebler steps, but with their grievance as fresh, and vigorous as ever it was. The unanimity of the House, iu their utter weariness of the bill, was of the kiud that Sheridan once likened to a trade wiud that blows all one way; and their acknowledged ignorance of the problems placed before them represents a graver danger to the : State than the lobbying weaknesses of the public servants duriug the past few weeks. | If they, confessedly, do not understand the I simple matter put before them in the utipre- I tentious bill of Mr Gillies that has only dealt with the more glaring inequalities of the service, how are they to uuderstaud the complicated. “ estimates” that will soon be placed before them. The fact is undoubted, and ugly in its menace, that the complete ignorance of the Parliament of the ABC of our annual expenditure places an enor-/ inous power in the hands of the permanent •heads. Log-rolliug is notoriously possible to a clover head, hidden as the log is iu columns of figures. It is pleasant to realise that the Public Service Board has been making some awkward enquiries lately; but that may be a spasmodic action;-and until we have a financial committee of the wisest heads of the House, who will make it their business to understand these Public Service problems the colony occupies an un enviable position. Of course mistakes can always be rectified iu a sort of way by the cry of retrenchment which inevitably sets in; but that sort of rough justice often does as much evil as good. Had Mr Gillies postponed his procedure rules until now tile chances are that private members uight Would have been dropped altogether. Wednesday, after 5.30 p.m., is never a brilliant time; but during the first session of Parliament it is so uncomfortably crowded with ghosts as to be quite dispirit ing. If the ghosts were orphans or some thing of that kind their restlessness could be easily laid, hut unfortunately they are not. “Japhet in Search of His Father,” in troduced lovers of Captain Marryatt to so many laughable complications as to make them really glad that Japhet did lose his father in his early years, but these Wednesday evening ghosts iu search of their fathers give promise of no such fun. They were originally hastily put upon the notice paper by men who had yet to learn wisdom in these matters with feelings of swelling pride. The giving of notice was the prelude to the mighty fame that would assure their position in the House for many years to come, but since then these one time happy fathers are consumed with an irre sistible desire to dodge their own childreu. Some have dropped them in the sea of oblivion by hastily informing the Speaker that they do not intend to proceed in the matter; others slip from the embraces of their old-time darlings by postponing them for a fortnight. Wednesday after Wednes day Mr Jenkins lets these innocents out of his box; aud Wednesday after Wednesday they sadly make the circuit of the House, only to find their fathers non est. One of them did fin'd his father one uight, aud the House was treated to a glimpse of a Christy Min strel show. Others are anxiously awuiting their turn. Both the ghosts and fathers have my. full sympathy, especially the ghosts. To give Mr Shiels credit, he is too proud of his child to either postpone or drop it. On dl vorce'matters he claims to be in the VaDgflunl of modern thought. This is the one question, upon which members of the ad , vauced, to use their own modest term, school [of religious'thought claim a superior pre eminence to those shackled by the chains of old ecclesiastical systems; aud they strut with becoming modesty. Here's to the radideu of bashful fifteen,* Here’s to the widow of fifty; Here’s to the fl uniting, extravagant queen. And here’s to the housewife that’s thrifty, sang oue of our wittiest pouts, ami iu his' comprehensive sympathy ho is to he ad mired. Mr Shiels has a soinowhat similar sympathy; but it is very doubtful whether sentiment and passion can find au effective answer to the difficult and dangerous divorce question. It is the quo question above all others, that an emotional and erratic man snch ns the member for Ncrinanby should avoid. 