AMONG THE SWISS. LIFE IN A PICTURESQUE LAND. MOUNTAIN-LOCKED VALLEYS. The part of Switzerland where we are pass- ing the month is the very ideal of a pastoral country. It comprises the canton of Frie- bourg and the eastern part of the canton of Vaud. It has been designated the garden of Switzerland, and is certainly the prettiest part of the country. Although it does not lack mountains, some of them as much as 8000 feet high, it has no perpetually snow- clad peaks, but an unending series of hills, green to their summits, winding rivers and torrents, and such a multitude of fertile valleys strewn with hamlets that the mind is quite bewildered by their intricacy. In Ruskin's 'Modern Painters' lie endeavours to describe the pe- culiar charm of Swiss landscapes, indepen- dently of their mountain chains, to those who have not seen them, by bidding such un- fortunate people imagine an extensive park, covered with groups of trees, manes of forest, pretty villages and clear, rapid streams, with greenest turf between, and then the whole slanted up against the protecting hills, so that the eye can take in everything at once. Imagine too such slants, I would add, with a noble river winding between, and you have a Swiss valley. Just now all these valleys are given up to haymaking. A couple of rainy months followed by one clear and hot, have been especially favourable to one of the most important crops of the district; and ever field is piled with hay or glistening with the scythes of the mowers. Men, women and all available children are busy at the work. As every square foot of arable land is im- proved here, grass is grown and cut in every by-corner and steep slope, in some cases so steep that the hay maker has to be secured by a rope. As carts cannot be employed in such places, it is a most common sight to see hay brought down to the road on men's backs in prodigious bundles which fairly hide the bearer, often enveloped in an open net. A man passed us yesterday staggering down a hill with a load so enormous that we uttered a cry of compassion, but he laughingly pointed down to his own barn just below him and, untying his net, pitched the whole fragrant mass right over its roof to his barn door. Chateau d'Oex (pronounced day) is one of a series of villages scattered along the valley of the Sarine, lying 3000 or 4000 feet above the sea, and much fought by natives and foreigners, in summer for their pure, brac- ing air. Good hotels and pensions are found in each of them—a peculiarly glowing ad- vertisement having alone determined our choice of this place above the rest. A range of mountains bearing the rather ungraceful name of Gumfluh, extends on one side of the valley, and Mount Cray shuts off the sun by 5 o'clock on the other. There are not more than 300 inhabitants in this hamlet, but the neighbouring, villages of Rougemont, Les Moulins Sc., touch it so closely that it cannot feel solitary. The Sarine river flows besides it through a gorge crossed by a suspension bridge, and three mountain torrents rush through it on their way to the river; in short, if the flies were dead nothing more could be asked to make Chateau d'Oex a most desirable summer residence. This valley and its lateral ones once formed a little kingdom by themselves, the kingdom of Sarine, governed for centuries by their feuda lords, the Counts of Gruyeres. At the time of the first crusade, the then count accompanied the army to the Holy Land, with a large body of his followers; previous to this epoch the history of the district is rather uncertain and sometimes mystical. Many legends are told of it, among the rest that long after Gruyeres itself was settled a neighbouring valley remained unknown, divided from the rest of the world by an im- practicable barrier of rocks and guarded by a fearful spectre. At last, an adventurous knight resolved to penetrate the mystery, and, collecting workmen, after three day's labour cut his way through the rocky wall, and found beyond no haunt of savage mon- sters, as they had anticipated, but a smiling valley inhabited by shepherds gentle an ami- cable, but speaking a language entirely foreign to his own. The two settlements lived long in peace with one another, until a more hostile invasion from a different quarter impelled the strangers to seek protection from the powerful count and to adopt him for their feudal lord. The castle of Gruyeres still exists, the finest old chateau in Switzerland, standing on a height above the little town of the same name from which the counts could behold nearly all the valleys of their small domain It dates from the ninth century. It walls are fourteen feet thick, being flanked by power- ful towers and further gaurded by a lofty in- closing wall. It is kept by the present owner in good condition and used as a museum, but we had only time to look up at its imposing structure as we drove by. The house of Chalamala, a celebrated fool of one of the counts, stands near by. But in 1355 this little kingdom of the Sarine came to an end. The last count, Michel, got deeply into debt. He had lent money to the King of France, who never repaid him; he taxed his people so heavily that he alienated their affections. He tried to coin his old gold and silver plate, but the neighbouring towns would not allow that, of course, and finally he fled. Berne and Friebourg took the matter up, paid debts and summarily divided his domains be- tween them. One of the castles of the Counts of Gru- yeres stood in this village, only a slight trace of which remains, and from it the name of Chateau d'Oex must have been derived, al- though this is uncertain. ' D Oex' probably was a corruption of 'd'enhaul,' another name of this district being 'Pays en Haul,' upper country. The people are very simple and primitive in their manners, and are very superstitious, thinking much of dreams and omens, and having many popular charms against evil. Many houses are reputed as haunted, or as the people cautiously express it, in many houses 'one perceives,' that is, perceives ghosts. The peasants are very kind and sociable among themselves, and poverty is really unknown, every family helping as a matter of course those who are badly off. In the long winter evenings parties of neigh- bours meet continually and play games, par- ticularly a game of cards played for nuts. A great many of the houses bear inscriptions, which are carved or burnt into the brown wooden fronts. It is very interesting to spell them out. Often they are texts from the Bible, and and other religious mottoes, such as 'God Bless Our Going-Out,' 'God Bless Our Coming In,' 'God Bless Our Daily Bread,' 'Bless Us in Life, and Most of all in Death.' But sometimes we have seen more worldly wis- dom; one inscription runs, 'Building is not a trifling thing; it often leads to a crash.' Another: 'It is easy to build, but nobody comes to help you to pay;' while another still takes a more cheerful view of the subject: 'When one has a house well built and well furnished then the world looks bright to him.' Many of the houses still bear the dates of their original foundation, having remained in the old families for centuries. I spoke of the excellent hotels in this and the other valley hamlets. They are much patronized by the English, who are apt to seek resorts which cannot be reached by railroad, such as the En- gadine, Zermatt and the Sarine valleys, and Americans occasionally visit the place, though more rarely. We were surprised, a day or two since, by the sudden appearance of a body of twenty seven American bicyclists, who have been 'doing' Europe—a fine-look- ing, jolly set of young fellows, who rushed in for one night only, and were off for Inter- laken by day-break the next morning. Their machines were not such as we have usually seen, but are adopted for mountain roads, the two wheels being neatly of a size, not large, but strong, with thick tires of rubber and heavy steel bars, while the conveniences for carrying luggage were increased. Freibough the largest town in the valley of Sarine, is were the river flows through a gorge even deeper than at its place—a gorge that reminded us of the Colorado canyons. The rocks in that district are of soft sandstone and both the Sarine and one of it tributaries have cut their way to a depth of 500 and 300 feet, so that the town, which stands at their junction, is entirely enclosed by tremendous ravines. The result is extremely picturesque but also extremely inconvenient, the passage of one of these gorges having demanded more than an hour's labour in ascending and de- scending before the inhabitants could com- municate with their neighbour. This evil has within fifty years been over- come by the construction of two suspension bridges, which have given new life to the old town. The one that hangs like a thread in mid-air above the Sarine is 270 yards long, the plains which support it being secured by 128 anchors buried deep in the bosom of the earth The view from it—the bare perpen- dicular rocks, along whose summit rises a row of houses, seeming but a continuation of the precipice, so rugged and weather-stained are they, the beautiful cathedral tower soar- ing above them, clusters of mills and crowded stone cottages at the bottom of the ravine, with the foaming river rushing among them and still eating its way into the cliffs as if it would undermine the town—is most striking, The other suspension bridge, over the Got- teron gorge, is about as long, but it is even higher above the water, which flows more than 300 feet below. The chains of this bridge are secured in the precipices them- selves. The streets of Freibourg are steep and ir- regular, sometimes actually passing over the roofs of the houses in lower streets and pre- senting the appearance of bastions and forti- cation. Another very interesting possession of Frei- bourg is its old linden tree, said to have been planted in 1476, after the victory of Morat over Charles of Burgundy. A young native of the town ran home from the field of battle, about ten miles, to announce the result of the struggle, but, breathless and exhausted, he could only utter the word of victory when he fell and expired. A twig of linden was in his hand, which was planted on the spot where he fell, and the tree has ever since been pre- served with religious care. It might well be four hundred years old. It is a mere shell, supported and clamped with iron, its wide branches resting on posts of stone—a most venerable figure of green old age. A young scion is springing from its centre, which will continue its life for ages to come. At one time the tree was apparently dead. It ceased bearing leaves, and the disconsolate inhabitants could no longer meet as they had donefor ages under its shade. Some children one day threw a match into its hollow trunk and it blazed—but resolved to save its shell, the Freibourg people poured in quantities of water and extinguished the conflagration. What was their delight, when on the next spring, the ancient tree, if refreshed, put forth new and vigorous foliage, covered itself with blossoms and resumed a new life which has not yet exhausted itself. —S. H. Foster in S. F. Chronicle. 