MAIL NEWS. our london letter. (TllOSI OCR COHRESrOXDENT. LONDON, 4tji October. Xlie usual rumors of IV ar have been circulating Ibis week, but though there is doubtless some thing at the back of them, it is, to say tho least, rather suspicious that they should bubble up just at tho moment when the actual surface of affairs is as unruffled as a mill pond. There is a remarkablo coincidence between bellicose auguries of this nature and the occurrence of the dull season with the newspapers. Corres pondents in the great capitals are at their wit s end for current news, and rather than admit the dearth and wire nothing, they prefer to scan the diplomatic horizon, and pronounce with the air of demigods on matters big with the fate of peoples and empires. The marvel is how plain to those self sufficient gentry appear movements which, to tho real makers of history, are involved in constant doubt and difficulty. The way in which matters of comparatively ancient history are worked up to brighten a dull telegraphic budget at the present dull time is well illustrated by the pains which the Standard correspondent at Tienna is just now taking to "boom" the question of Turkey's advances to the Triple Alliance. No doubt tho Sultan would like to rest safe under the shadow of the potent protection of the central powers, backed up by self- sufficient, but withal virile, little Italy. The Moslem advances are not, however, of such recent date, nor of such pressing moment as this enterprising journalist would have his readers believe. All the same, a good deal ot what he states is true enough, and indeed smacks of dip lomatic platitude. No doubt there are diffi culties, obvious ones enough, in the way of ad mitting Turkey to close alliance with any Christian combination, and no doubt to no one are these obstacles clearer than to the bluff and far seeing Bismarck. To Tuikcy falls, and it is to be feared ever must fall, the terrible heritage of the weak, to be alternately petted and scolded, taken up and discarded, just as the whim of the moment or the interest of her powerful patrons dictates. Equality in friendship is not for her, and with Germany, as with England, it is hopeless for her to aspire to any higher relation than that of an alternate butt aud catspaw. As matters stood and stand with Russia it did not suit the purpose of Friuco Bismarck to spurn the ad vances of tho Sultan with his usual straight forward brutality. The fish must be played with, not frightened away, and so with cha racteristic cynicism Turkey was told to make matters squaro with England, and after that perhaps the Triple Alliance would see what they could do for her. The sick man went away sorrowful, but as this cold comfort was all :that he could get lie decided after the usual amount of Oriental procrastination to mnko the best of it. Of course he might as well try to make ropes out of sand as to patch up a durable shoulder to shoulder alliaucc with England. People here are jealous enough of Russia, but to the vast majority of the present generation the Turk is only thought of as the "unspeakable," so tenaciously does an incisive term stick so long as it has a ghost of applicability. . In caso of war Turkish assistance might possibly be accepted, but it is quite certain that nothing in tho shape of a peace compact for an offensive and defensive alliance, in any future contingencies would for one moment bo- tolerated uy tho mass of Bul garian atrocity loving Britishers. It is a wonder that Siberia -has not acted as a kind of anti dote to ' tho semi-invented sensations which the Daily jYeics is constantly vomiting forth " Tile slow death — with variations of torture and madness— of the Siberian penal settlements seems not to bo hi it with some fnntastio story - of a boiled child in Armenia. After a time these hideous- fables of Turkish misrulo are mostly disproved, but raeanwhilo they linve served their turn, . and have gone to swell the huge mountnin of anti-Turkish preju dice u-liich luis been heaped up in this country. It diould, however, always bo borne in mind that the' crinies of Russia tiro tho crimes of its Government, .whilst, those laid to the charge of Turkey arc mostly , the. work of bandits and marauders, over whom the Porte has as little control as liad tho Victorian Government over the 'Kelly /gang" during the period when these imiscrcants : lay perdu in the fastnesses of the .north-eastern district. Onesided as the n'ntiTurkish sentiment may oppear, it is useless to. rail at and attempt to eradicate a feeling which lias acquired tlic force of a natural propensity. None knows this better 'than Lord Salisbury, unless it be Prince Bismarck, when he put tho troubled Sultan on llis bootless mission to tlio Court of St. James. The .basis of agreement avitli England which the Chancellor suggested is an additionally Impossible one, it being utterly out of tho ques tion for England to treat with tho Sultan for the permanent occupation of Egypt in view of tho solemn pledges given to franco in tho face of all Europo as to its purely temporary nature. AVhy, tho very moot ing of tho matter would bo a casus lelli with our Eiffel Tower building neighbors. Al together then the Sultau is involuntarily play ing tho leading part in a very lauglmblo comedy got up for liis special benefit by Prince Bis marck. At this quiet time there are, of course, thickening rumors of Russian war preparations ; and to a certain extent, no doubt, they are thoroughly veracious. But then Russia is always preparing, as indeed ahe cannot liolp preparing, for that future of universal aggres sion which, come it soon or come it late, is her destined ri.lt (and elio is already playing the part) amongst the nations. Sho may tako tho field noxt year or next century, which it does not seem to matter much to her rulers, so long as they nro prepared for any emer gency which may bo forced on them, or which may spring naturally out of their forward and domineering attitude. Amongst the rumors floating about is ono to the effect that Austria is trying to get Turkey to pull the chestnuts out of tho fire for lier by officially recognising PrinceFerdinand, whcntlicCentrairowers could follow suit without appearing to be the prime movers in offering what could only bo regarded as a deliberate insult to Russia. In that case, the Intest alarmist asserts, the Czar will take the field ill May next, with the view of forcibly vindicating Russian predominance in the Balkan provinces. In the meantime 30 railway engines and 1000 carriages have, it is said, been ordered to rendezvous at Katair for transport pur poses, whilst at the various dock yards the utmost activity prevails with the view of ensur ing similar readiness for active operations at sen. As usual, too, there arc formidable mobilisations on the Galician frontier, and it is certainly remarkable that out of 56 cavalry regiments in the Russian service, no less than 40 are disport ing themselves on the Austro-German border. There has also boon a flutter about some Russian war ships said to bo cruisiug about the mouth of tho Danube, but these are, the "Vienna correspondent of tho Daily Telegraph ex plains, in reality the property of the Gargarin Navigation Company, a com mercial undertaking resembling in many re spects the Austrian Lloyd; but the Russian company was foimded under the immediate auspices of the Government, and still receives every encouragement from the authorities. There is not tho slightest doubt that in case of war the flotilla of the Gaigarin Company would — as if by enchantment — be transformed into nn annexe of the Russian fleet. Much of the materiel at the company's disposal would serve admirably for war purposes. Fontoous may bo used to construct temporary bridges in time of war as well as for landing stages in time of peace ; but the pending evolutions of the Gar garin craft at the Danube mouths involve no thing more suspicions than the manoeuvres they have been engaged in for scveial months past. Shipping circles just now are agitated over a new sensation set on foot by tlioso stormy petrols of marine affairs, the Messrs. Tyscr, who a few years ago, after waging a fiery warfare with the "ring," were received, much to their own advantage, into the bosom of that potent combination. Fortuno seemed to smilo oil them in other directions, for in 1887 they becamo the superintending agents of the Colonial Union Company Limited, and some what later the brokers of the New Zealand Shipping Company. In tho latter cajiacity things have not been going altogether smoothly with them of late, owing to their wings having been somewhat clipped in regard to tho extent of the authority which tliey expected to wield over the fortunes of the latter company. It is in relation to the Colonial Union line, however, that tho greatest contre temps has arisen, and one which seems likely to initiate cudles3 litigation. This company lias now been in existence for about two years, and at first worked at a slight loss despite the fact that they entered into largo contracts for the conveyance of frozen meat from New Zealand, and to a lesser extent from Rockhampton, in Queensland. Of late, however, the frozen meat trade has proved more lucrative, besides which the company entered into a "pooling" agree ment with its two New Zealand rivals, the New Zealand Shipping and the Shaw, Savill and Albion Companies, by which the trio agreed to divide between them in certain stated proportions all receipts for freightage of frozen meat up to a total of, I think, 1,250,000 carcases. Beyond that figure receipts were to bo shared equally. In the Colonial Union Company Messrs. Gmy, Dawes and Company, on behalf of the British India Associated steamers, took £10,000 worth of shares, becoming tho largest single share holders; and tlio Messrs. Nelson, the well known frozenmeat brokers, £5000 ; and altogether a capital of about £43,000 was paid up. A few weeks ago the public were somewhat surprised to learn that the Messrs. Tyscr had become con cerned in the start of a fresh company entitled the Tyscr Line Limited. Later on it leaked out that in the formation of the new company no less than four of the directors of tho Colonial Union Company, namely, llio two Messrs. Tyscr and Messrs. Busliby and Wright, had taken tho leading part. Subsequently, nt a directors' meeting, from which Mr. Benhnm, one of the board, was absent, having had no notification of the nature of tlio business to bo transacted, it was decided to enter into an agree ment with tho newly formed Tysor Lino for the transfer to thom of tlio business of the Colonial Union Company, tho Tysor line giving the Colonial Union shareholders 5 per cent, debentures in their company iu lieu of and to the same amount as their holding in the former. In tho meantime, and pending tho confirmation of the agreement by tho Colonial Union share holders, tlio four directors concerned iu forming the Tyscr Lino resigned their positions on the board of the former. Immediately subsequent to the second annual meeting of tbo company, on the 23rd of last mouth, an extraordinary mooting was held, when tho confirmation of tlic agreement was moved, it boiug argued by the Messrs. Tyser and their supporters that tho new concern would bo able to innke better arrangomcnts as to capital, &c.;, than was pos sible with tho old ; and that the shareholders of the latter, with n guaranteed 5 per cent, in tlio new company, would hold a much better position than as shareholders iu a concern which was nob yet even dividend paying. Mr. Benhnm and Mr. Dawes showed cause on tlio otlior side, tho latter objecting to tho suddenness and secrecy of tho whole affair, and expressing his rcsolu- tion not to accept voluntarily tho changed posi tion proposed. Ho much preferred his chances of profit in tho Colonial Union to a guaranteed 5 per cent, in tho Tyscr line. If the prospects of the Colonial Union wero so dark, what sort of security would the debenture holders in tlio Tyser lino linvo on a mortgngo of what was practically only tlio samo business transferred ? Mr. Dawes also asserted that tlio boaid could if they liked liavc declared a handsome dividend for the year just closed, tlio accounts, including a slim of £5682 to credit under the pooling arrangement, showing a profit of fuliy 25 per cent, on tho paid up capital, out ot which a divi dend of 10 per ceut. might have been paid, and 15 per cent, iiavegonc to provide for deterioration. Despite those protests the agreement was con firmed by 58,588 votes to 15,512, tbo Nelson contingent swelling the majority, their interest lying more in the direction of cheap freights just now than shipping profits at a later date. Tho move certainly lias tho appcaraucce of being dictated by a desire on the part of tho majority clique to get rid of independent supervision and to monopolise a future, and, indeed, oiio may say, a present good thing. It is rather hard, too, that they should seek to trado on tho capital of the dis sentient section. At tho bottom of tho whole thing probably is tbo animosity which prevails between the Messrs. Tyser and Mr. Dawes in reference to the affairs of the New Zealand Shipping Company. Iu tho latter case Mr. Dawes holds an undoubted predominance, but in that of tlio Colonial Union the Tyscr interest is so decidedly in the ascendant as to he able to return tit for tat in very substantial measure.' They laugh best, however, who laugh last, and Mr. Dawes may yet bo the victor, should tho proceedings lie is taking for an injunction to restrain the transfer turn oat as his lawyers advise him will be the case. Canon Saumarez Smith is suspendejd between heaven and earth in regard to his newly won Primacy. His nolo cpiscopari may possibly prove less of a formal matter than has been the case with bis brethren for some centuries back. Tho Church Times is quite with tho ob jectors in sustaining the illegality of the appointment and the necessity for a new election. In the absence of any chance ot a more " Catholic " appointment, they evidently think that Canon Smith should get the benefit of the doubt and be confirmed in the appoint ment which has been snatched from his grasp just when ho was tasting its sweets. The fol lowing letter, received by a friend, will show in wliat aspect the matter presents itself to the person chiefly interested in tlic protest which the Archbishop of Canterbury has now the delicate task of deciding on. Canon Smith, writing on the 2nd inst., says ; — "As the original date proposed for my conse cration was let November (All Saints' Day), and the archbishop must wait to know what tho alleged irregularity in my election is, which tho protesting bishops bring forward as invalidating it, it seems quite certain that tbe consecration will be deferred. I am in hopes that the next Australian mail may throw some light on what tho original protest was, aud enable mo to see wliat my position is. I shall not now ask for consecration until I am sufficiently certified that my election is valid aud complete. I had thought that the very cordial (telegraphed) message, which I received from tho Sydney Synod on 21st August had put an end to all doubts as to the election, hut the received protest — made to the Archbishop of Canterbury and not made known to myself savo by tlio public Renter's telegram— has of oourse thrown matters back a little." Lord Hopetonn is being entertained to-day by thegood city of Edinburgh; and as iu duty bound he has given the tradesmen of the Scotch capital a very handsome return in the shape of a large order for liveries to bo worn by his servants in their new location. Tbcro are to be 300 of them, and the Daffy Telegraph gushes apace over their splendor and variety. So much plush was never seen before in any Australian colony, and even Mr. Archibald Forbes may now cease his laments over the hick of liveried stato which lie observed during his visit to Aus tralia, even in Government Houses. Aneut the liveries, " tho largest circulation in the world," mnkc3 tho following thoroughly Daily Telegraphese announcement : — " Lord Hopetoun lias given a large order for handsome State livciies to an Edinburgh firm. The gar ments number some 300, aad are all distin guished by the Hopetoun crest and arms, Among them is a handsome light blue dress for a Turkish servant, three kilt costumes for High land retainers, the ordinary liveries being waist coat and breeches of yellow plush, with gold- Inccd coats and three-cornered hats, and pink or white silk hose. Surely the Victorians should bo pleased. Lord Hopetoun's portrait in oil is being paiutcd 83 a farewell gift from tlio mem bers of tlio Linlithgow Hunt. Surely his lord ship should also be pleased." Tbo pre parations for tbe St. George's Club banquet go on apace, and it is now quite clear that Sir Graham Berry will be well supported on tho 15th, Lords Rosebcry and ICnutsford hnving accepted invitations, to say nothing of Sir George Bowen, Mr. Childers, Sir Andrew Clarke, Sir Charles Tuppcr and tlio Agents-General for the Cape aud the other Australian colonics. The affairs of tlio New Zealand Shipping Company still stand iu statu quo. Mr. Dawes is quite willing to accept 5 per cent, debentures nt £97 15s. lor his sliaro of tho company's indebtedness, and would give tlio Bank of New Zealand a preference for their £45,000 and tbo other mortgagees a preference for their £25,000 over his £230,000. Messrs. Johnstone and Tyser have proposed abortive schemes for liquidating tbe liability, aud only personal animosities pre vent a settlement being arrived at on the basis approved by Sir John Gorst and Sir. Tlioa Rus sell, and ncceptcd by Mr. Dawes. IIow ad vantageous to the company tbe proposal is may bo judged from tlio fact that not so long n-o they welcomed the idea of floating their 6 per cent, debentures at £86. Great objection is expressed in some quarters nt Mr. Dawes being the company's despot. If there was nuy reality in tho outcry, those who mako it would tako the earliest opportunity of plncing tho company in a position in which, excopt as a director, Mr. Dawes would bo powerless in tho company's affairs unless default wero made in payment of tho interest on his debentures. Tho Maori footballers do not seem to hnvo loft a very pleasant impression behind them. At tlio Rugby football meeting on "Wednesday a voto of thanlis to Mr. G. Rowland Hill for his great services as lion. sec. was carried, after which tiie president said tlioro was ono matter that called for their attention, and read an extract from an Australian paper commenting on Mr. G. Rowland Hill's referceing in the Eng land v. Maories match. Mr. S. E. Sleigh, Otago Union, commented in strong terms on tho eon- duct of the Maories, and oil behalf of the com mittee moved tho following resolution, which was seconded by the president and carried with out a dissentient voico : — The Rugby Football Union, assembled in general meeting, have heard with indignation the remarks reported in certain Australian papers to have been made by Mr. Warbrick, the captain of tho Maori football team which recently visited England, in "which,- amongst' other things, ho brings charges of unfairness generally against the Englishmen who rcfcrced in their matches, and in particular against their hon. sec., Mr. G. Rowland -Hill, the referee in. the mntcli England v. Maories. Sucli charges ore absolutely false and untrue, and the Union' desire to express their distinct approval' of tho manner in which Mr. Hill - discharged llis duties' in tho match referred to, and their unabated confidence in his integrity as o referee. The Union is convinced that Mr. "Warbrick's general' statements will not be credited, and that, in particular, his unsportsmanlike and unwarrant-, able assertion as to tho absence of fair play amongst English football men will reflect only to bis discredit, and will carry no weight with their brother sportsmen and with all true lovers of football in Australia, New Zealand and else where. 