On Tuesday (says the Brisbane Telegraph), with the death of James Davis, better known,- years ago, as Durrumboi, or as the late Mr. Stuart Russell spells it—there ended career without parallel in the history of the colonisation of Queens land. No equally graphic record of a "wild white man exists, and the follow ing incidents, relating, mainly as they do, . to that period of his life when he was b« one with the aboriginals. will be perused with interest .—Davis was the son of a Scotch blacksmith, who followed his calling at the Broommielaw, in the city of Glasgow, and was apprenticed to his father, when fourteen years of age, in 1822. Being of a roving disposition,he soon deserted his forge, and, crossing the . border, he made his way to the South of England. There, apparently, he fell into evil habits, for, in 1824, witli three other youtlis, he was convicted of stealiug half-a-crown from the church in Surrey, and, along with his companions, transported to ,Botony Bay by the ship Minstrel. In his new life, also, he does not appear to have reformed, for, in 1828, he was again transportedto the penal settlement at Moreton Bay, where colonial- sentenced felons only were sent. He was there employed at the forge along with a mate, and so liberal was Captain Logan, the commandant at that time with the whip, that, pre ferring all hazards to the terrors of each merciless rule, the two convicts took to the bush. Proceeding north ward,- these absconders soon fell in with a numerous tribe of aborigines, by whom they were kindly received. Davis, by no means good-looking as a whiteman, was recogised as a, reincarnation of Derhamboi, a lamented member; of their tribe, .who had died sometime (before, .and, according to their superstition, returned to life again. He was immediately adopted by Pamby-Pamby, Derhamboi's father, and his wife, who was still alive, regularly supplied him with provisions, and he was safe from that moment. His less fortunate companion, however, perished ere long, killed in expiation of an accidental "sacrelege emptying the mortal' ^remains of a. deceased black fellow from a native basket which he found in a tree, and which he appropriated to carry oysters In. Shortly afterwards, Davis himself nearly fell a victim to the ferocity of his black associates. By some &ccidental; means lie killed "the pet dog of his adopted mother, who was so, enraged at this loss that she instigated her husband to murder him. The-old man at first was not indisposed to do so, as he accused Davis of being a mawgooy,| or ghost, instead of Derhamboi and as surely threatened would have killed him, in accordance with their tribal customs. But Davis turned to and gave the old savage such a merciless drubbing with his fists, that he not only subdued his murderous intentions, but induced hip) to forgive the death of his pet'dog. The Gingin barrah tribe, in which Davis was naturalised, had their usual place of habitation at a considerable distance in the interior, and .leaving them, after some time, he passed several years in sojourning amongst various tribes until he had reached as far as 500 miles to the northward of Moreton Bay. With all these savages was treated as a blackfellow returned from the dead, and, although she had learnt to become as one of themselves in their habits of every day life, it was a matter of no small inconvenience to him to find that fresh recognitions awaited him with different tribes. He was Derhamboi in Wide Bay, but he had to accept the personality of someone else when he found another tribe, and, occasionally, his inability to recognise friends who had been intimate with him before his death gave rise to awkward misgivings among those individuals; "But it some times happened that no identification took place. On such occasions Davis ; had iq answer pat. It was he explained so very long since he died that he had forgotten what his name had been prior to that event. After he had been fourteen years amongst the blacks, and had long given up all thoughts of ever returning, to the society of civilised men, he was found, by Mr. Andrew Petrie, amongst the Ginginbarrah tribe again, in 1842, and brought back to Brisbane. On the 13th of May of that year,Petrie's party, who had been exploring, for the first time, the Mary; Biver, camped ashore, with the view of ascending the neighbouring hills on the day following; They then heard of a large gathering of hostile natives being in the neighbourhood, with Davis amongst them. After some manoeuvring, another absconder, Wandi or Bracefell, who bad also spent seven years amongst the aborigines, with one of the Moreton Bay Blacks, managed, unperceived to get-in the -midst of the encampment, and two convicts in Petrie's crew, armed, with guns,:then went forward, with the view of securing Davis. So perilous was the adventure considered; that the convicts were prepared for it on the consideration that if they succeeded their condition would be improved. When the wild white man and the tame black stole in upon the savages, and had fairly got among them, the former, being recognised, had been received without clubbing or spearing their two white attendants being detected at a distance, an instant move was made to spear them. But Wandi had, by this time, com municated with Derlhamboi, and the two white savages prevailed on their black brothers to " spare tbe trembling convicts. Davis, however, under assur ances of manumission, set off running towards -the convicts, and surrended himself to them, followed by Bracefell. A singular scene was then enacted by a brace of absconders, who seemed alternately swayed by their original training and their savage habits. Davis furiously accused Bracefell of having led the convicts to capture him with a view of securing, a mitigation of his sentence. ; He would credit none of Wandi's protestations, till the latter moved to rage, became all blackfellow again, and passionately sang a war song at Derhamboi. . Thereupon Davis dashed off to the main body of whites. "Ishall never," wrote Mr. Petrie in his diary, " forget his appearance when he arrived in our. camp—-a white man in the state of nudity, and actually a wild man of the woods; his eyes wild, and unable to rest a moment on any one object, he had quite the same manner and gestures the wildest blacks have got. He could not speak his ' mither's tongue,' as he called it. He could not pronounce English for some time, and when he did attempt it, all he could say were a few words, and those were misapplied, breaking off abruptly, in the middle of the sentence, with the black gibberish, which he spoke very fluently. During the whole of our conversation, his eyes and manner were completely wild, looking as if he had never seen a white man before—in fact, he had forgotten all about the society of white men, and forgotten all about his friends and relations for years past, and, had I or someone else not brought him from among these savages, he would never have left them. On returning to Brisbane, and re ceiving a pardon from the Government, Davis first entered the service of Land Commissioner Simpson, at Woogaroo, and, shortly afterwards, joined Mr. Eales's manager, Mr. Joliffe, to take up land, in the Wide Bay district. He was next engaged with a survey party, opening the road to Gympie—a task which took some considerable time to ac complish, Then he had charge of a search party, to ascertain the truth of a man, named Thomson, with his wife and three other men, had fallen in the hands of the blacks up North, the men murdered, and the woman detained amongst the natives. Satisfying him self that the story was a false one, he returned to Brisbane, and opened a farrier's shop at Kangaroo Point, marrying, whilst there his first wife, who lived with him until the time of her death, about seven years after. After being in business several years he sold out and, crossing the river, opened a second farrier's shop in George street, which he kept until 1864\. He then gave up the smithy, and for over twenty years, until his final retirement from business, dealt in crockeryware on the premises adjoining the Ipswich Boarding-house. While residing in Brisbane, he was also en gaged as aboriginal intrepreter in the Supreme Court, travelling about the colony wherever a native unable to speak English was placed on his trial. His second wife was a person named Bridget Hayes. When first taken from the blacks, he had no hesitancy in relating his experiences amongst them, but of later years he became habitually reticent, and on rare occa sions, when willing to refer to his first adventures, at the first question he would abruptly stop, in a snappish manner, and break off the conversation at once. [Davis will probably be remembered as he appeared on several occasions as aboriginal interpreter when the superior Courts are holding sittings in country towns. He was a rather under-sized man, wore neither beard nor moustache, and his face was one mass of wrinkles. He was about eighty years of age at the time of his death.] 