The "Third Hail" Policy versus the "Winnininnie Scheme. According to the testimony of a correspondent who lately travelled to Sydney with the members of the New South Wales Public Works Commission, who were making their return journey from Broken Hill, Mr Copeland and his colleagues were unanimous in saying that whilst the break-of-gauge existed to the Barrier the mother colony could and would successfully compete with South Australia for the Barrier traffic. Sir Henry Farkes also significantly told the same correspondent that the trade, if not interfered with, would gravitate to its natural outports. From these facts the following deductions may reasonably be drawn—that to secure the Barrier trade an unbroken gauge must be obtained by South Australia to the nearest outport. This is in effect the solution offered by the combined utterances of—it is to be presumed—several of the best authorities in Australia. The questions then arise to all true trade economists, How can this unbroken gauge be accomplished, and which will be the cheapest and best way to solve the problem? The Cockburn Ministry say that by spending .£144,000 a third rail laid between the two rails of the broad gauge line which already exists between Terowie and Adelaide will overcome the difficulty and give an unbroken gauge to Port Adelaide, whereby, it is advanced, the Barrier trade will be assured to South Australia. This apparently would bear consideration, providing that no cheaper and no better scheme could be devised. But a better scheme can be offered—a scheme that every honest politician in the country must know would doubly secure to South Australia the lasting benefits of the Barrier traffic. Can any reasonable man believe that an unbroken narrow gauge of 300 miles from the Barrier to Port Adelaide could compete with New South Welsh opposition as ably as an unbroken narrow gauge of 215 miles from the Barrier to Port Augusta. Yet this is the stupendous asseveration which is made by not only the present Government, but a number of the legislators of this colony. Only wilful blindness to the national interest and party selfishness could possibly have the audacity to propose such a scheme as that which is embodied in the third rail proposals, when such inducements are offered, and benefits are assured, as would result from the Winuininnie scheme. Can it be supposed that a carrier would cart his goods and loading some 85 miles farther than necessary ? Would it be feasible to expect him to do so for the same price per ton as another carter who could go 85 miles nearer? This is actually the point to be considered in the Barrier traffic question. If it can be shown that it would pay the Government to put down a third rail at the expense of ^144,000 to ensure the traffic of the Barrier, how much more profitable would it be to connect Winnininnie with Carrieton, whereby an unbroken gauge would be maintained from the Barrier to what has been acknowledged over and over again, and what is, undeniably, the best seaport in South Australia Beside the enormous ad vantages gained in distance, it must also be taken into consideration that in the one instance an extra line would simply duplicate the one already in existence for the express purpose, would seem, of unnecessarily drawing the nourishment (viz., trade) from natural outports. In the other case— the construction of a line from Winnininnie to Carrieton—the question of keeping the Barrier trade, even in opposition to N.S. Welsh competition would be satisfactorily answered owing to the great economy of track; and again it must not be supposed that the above term, " economy ot track," simply covers the question of time and distance; there are hosts of other benefits to be derived. If 85 miles less haulage can be saved, it means that the correspondingly less amount of labor necessary to work that 85 miles will be economized; every day the colony would be saved the expense of wear and tear of locomotives and carriages which would have to travel over that unnecessary length of line, of coal, of supervision, &c.; These are the facts to be considered. If the third rail is laid down it simply means trade will be diverted to Adelaide and Port Adelaide. It means that, pointed out above, an extra source of expenditure will be unwarrantably created, whereas if the line is con structed from Winnininnie to Carrieton every train that passes over that track when completed will be a correspond ing daily saving to the Treasury. Then in the latter case the route would open out new country, benefit several firstclass mining properties, and give an impetus to trade from Port Augusta to Cockburn, the whole of which area in the intermediate neighborhood belongs to this colony. The arguments fact 6eem so strong on the one side and the stake so great that one is apt to wonder that even party and selfish interests are not anxious to give it due and fair consideration. Once again we would press upon our legislators the necessity of giving the Northern connecting route via Carrieton and Winnininnie timely consideration. A1 ready the whole colony has been made to suffer for the errors committed in connection with the Transcontinental route. It is useless now for " mem bers" to acknowledge their mistakes and bemoan their lack of wisdom in the past; the railway construction on the western side of Lake Eyre will ever remain a witness ol their legislatorial inability. The same excuse cannot be offered in the future concerning the Carrieton scheme, viz., that they were ignorant of the advantages to be gained, and were unacquainted with the country. The northern line has been traversed from end to end the harbor of Port Augusta has been seen and eulogized by those gentlemen who lately went to Angle Pole; the necessity of taking advantage of every facility has been impressed upon them, and lastly the argument which alone should be convincing, the minimum of track in connection with the proposed Carrieton line has been demonstrated to them beyond the possibility of question. With facts such as these the whole of the Northern population should be unanimous in their endeavors to stay any further action, either by the third rail or otherwise which will tend to impoverish the country by building up a huge system of central ization. We maintain that if the Railway Commissioners' reports are true that sufficient railway accommoda tion is possessed already for far more trade than we have, there is no cause for additional expense being incurred, which can only result in taking the trade from Pirie and other ports to the metropolis. If, however, it is found necessary to have a uniform gauge to ensure the permanency of the Barrier traffic, we claim that the Carrieton and Winnininnie scheme should have priority of consideration for reasons which have been so often enumerated and advanced. Any extra accommodation at any rate which will in the future be required, beyond that which is already possessed and which recognizes Pirie as its outlet, should undoubtedly come to Port Augusta, HELD 0vKB.—We have bad to hold continuation of serial story over this week on account of mora important matter for insertion. LAND BOARD.—The members of the above Board have been taking fresh evidence, hearing complaints, and generally discussing questions dealing with the leases of land, at the Court-boose, Port Augusts, during the week. We understand that several beneficial alterations in the interest of lessees will, in consequence, take place. REGATTA.—A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held last Tuesday at the Great Northern Hotel. There were seven present. Mr H. Morgan being voted to the chair. It was proposed and seconded that a committee, consisting of Messrs Clark, Wain wright, Dewhirst, Heath, and Webb should draw up a programme of sports, to be submitted for approvul at the next meeting, also that Mr Gladwin he instructed to arrange concert for the 26th, Boxing nigbt. After about an hour's general discussion a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman and the meeting then broke up. THE " BKLLBINQEBS." — The famous Lyncnh family of Bellringer'e will visit our city o Saturday next. The programme offered, in addition to the chief feature of the manipulation of the bells, embraces instrumental, vocal, and humorous ontertainment, and should ensure them hearty support. PORT AUGUSTA HOSPITAL.—During the month of October there were 19 males and two females admitted in the above institution. There were 11 males and five females discharged. Tho average number of patient's beds occupiod during the month was 13 maleB and five females. The number of patients remaining on IaBt day of the month was 18 males and four females. BUSH FIRES.—Farmers, squatUrs, and owners of miscellaneous plots of land as well as the travelling public in general, should be doubly careful in a season like the present one in using fire of any description in exposed places. The luxuriance of the herbage growth makes it absolutely necessary for care to be exercised, as a spark of fire may cause woeful havoc to grass and wheat crops. Already Beveral narrow escapes have occurred, and it is only right that timely warning should be given and taken advantage of. THE DBEDGEB.—The dredger haB been removed from Port Augusta and I em euro every inhabitant will be more pleased to have its room than its company. For what reason the Government have kept it standiog idle all theBe months we fail to understand unless as an insinuating false witness against the non-dredging requirements of our harbor. By the time Port Augusta wants a dredger again it may be presumed the "Davenport" will be distributed among the marine stores in the shnpo of old iron. Her departure is an advertisement to us. THE HARRIET HOPE—The above old coal hulk which for years was anchored in Port Augusta river was offered for sale on Friday afternoon at the Port Adelaide Government dockyard, together with the Beatrice, an old relic of the" wooden era." The latter was knocked down for £365, but the Harriet Hope failed to evoke a suitable offer. She was built in Sweden in 1845 and came to this colony in 1864, eventually paBsing into the hands of the Coal Company. Subsequently she was purchased by the Marine Board, and used as a coal bulk both at Glenelg and Port Augusta. CIRCUIT COUBT. — The Hon. Samuel JameB Way, Chief Justice of the 8upreme Court of the Province of South Anstralie, will hold a Circuit Court at Port Augusts on Friday, the twenty-second day ol: November, 1889, and so on by adjourn ment from day to day, for the trial of all persons who are or may be committed for trial at the court to be b olden at Port Augusta aforesaid, charged with any felony or misdemeanor ; and also for the trial of all issues in fact in the Supreme Court, triable at the said Circuit Court, and for the assessment of damages in civil cases, triable as aforesaid. WATER SUPPLY.—A great deal of die cussion has taken plaoe lately on th Water Question in more towns than one, Adelaide inhabitants have been troubled considerably about reports of impurities, but according to evidence there has been little cause for alarm. With regard to our own water snpply the same can hardly be said for the ioky hue of the fluid which has been lately released by our newly appointed turncock for tho different mains by meaDS of the fireplugs is certainly not wholesome to contemplate In sparsely inhabited neighborhoods where only a small quantity of water is used the tainted taste of the water is sometimes particularly noticeable. Now that we have a turncock perhaps the mains will be kept cleansed, and the stale water occasionally ran off. RECEIVED.—A little book on " Practical Mining and the Genesiology of Gold" by J. C. F. Johnson. The reading matter therein appeared some time ago in the pages of the Register. Mr Johnson is at any time no mean authority on mioing subjects, and he has evidently condensed a goodly part of his knowledge and recorded it in the little pamphlet before us. There can be no question as to the useful ness of the information, and we would advise both mining students and authorities to place this little work on their bookshelves for future reference. The " Australian Manufacturer" has aUo been sent to us. This is a new journal issued by the Chamber of Manufactures. It deals largely with Colonial "industries." A list of the new Patents and Inventions are also recorded in this number. Several other well written articles of general information go towards making up a very creditable magazine. THE BRONZE MHBAL.—We have been shown the medal lately presented to Mr Edward Payne Plummer by th Royal Humane Society, for saving life. The medal as designed, is intended to express the idea of bravery rewarded. A female figure on the obverse represents Auetralabia in the act of placing a wreath on the head of one whose courage and humanity have been judged worthy of such honor. The " Southern Cross" which appears above, identifies the Institution with the Southern Humisphere. The reverse contains a wreath of eucalyptus and laurel leaves, around which is the designation of the Society, the space in the centre bearing the following inscription—awarded to Edward Payne Plummer, 7th October, 1887\. In addition to the medal a certificate has been received by Mr Plummer, on which a due recognition of the service is chronicled. The certificate is of parchment and iB encased in a neat leather case. MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS' BILL.—At the discussion last week on the clauses of the above bill the warmest debate was upon the section which provided that after June 30, 1889, Corporations should receive all fees for licences within the municipality. Mr Gilbert (says the Register), proposed to omit this provision, and to allow Corporations instead of the fees a sum (to be paid from the province) equal to 20 per cent on the income of the municipality. By a catch vote, taken through misunderstanding, the original clause was struck out by 17 to 14, the Government voting in favor of the omission. Thereupon rose an hubbub, the Ministry being charged with having misled the House. The aspersed Ministers defended themselves, but their explanation, and especially that of Mr Holder, was strongly commented upon by both sides of the House. Mr Kingston, in particular, called it " a ehabby act of a shabby Government." A general objec- tion W8B shown to the insertion of the wordB proposed by Mr Gilbert. Eventually, at the suggestion of the Hon. A. Catt and Mr Jenkins, there was substituted for them an amendment stipulating that public-house and auctioneers' licence-fees should be paid into the Treasury fpr distribution pro ratd amongst the various municipalities. The Hon. T. Playford then moved to extend the same principle to District Councils, and in spite of the opposition of the Government, this was carried by a large majority. The House remained nearly eight hours upon the one clause, and when they rose at five minuteB past 10 the Bill was still under consideration. The Southern Coal Owner's Association are to meet the representatives of the miners at Sydney to consider the price of coal sod tbo hewing rate. j o l WEST SIDE TEA-MEETING.—We have been requested to remind those interested that the anniversary services in connection with the WeBt Side chapel will be held on Sunday next, also that the usual tea meeting will take place on the following day (Monday) which is a general holiday. Y.R C. WINNERS.—Tho Hon. J. White's ch.c. Dreadnought, Hales up, won the Derby at the V.R.C. Carnival at FlemingtOD, which was ran on Saturday last—time 2min. 41secs. The Maribyrnong Plate was won by a South Australian bred colt, Admiral, belonging to Mr G. Cook, and ridden by Power. Time, luiin. 41£secs. Mr BlackJer, of Fulibam Park, bred Admiral. Bravo, the Ballarat horse, owned by Mr W. T. Jones, won the Cup; Anwin np. Time, 3min. 32£secs. SUNDAY SCHOOL CERTIFICATES.—At the recent Church of England Sunday School Onion examination, open to pupils of Anglican Sunday Schools throughout the colony, the following candidates from St. Augustin's Church obtained certificates :—In the Senior Division, Bertha Humphris and t[e8Bie Taylor received second class certificates ; Amy Rudall, a third. In the Middle Division, Rebecca Markham received a second, and in the Junior Division, Marion Hogg received a first-class, and C. Conway, W. Williams, and A. Graham, third class certificates. THREE-CORNERED JACKS.—We are informed that—to Bay the least of it—a very Billy piece of business was indulged in by a well-known young man of Port Augusta, at last night's concert. His initials are A.M., and we refer to the scattering of the obnoxious three-cornered jack seeds along the seats at the back of the Hall. Should he ever indulge in such childish practice again—and be found out as in the present instance—he will well deserve the birch. Probably his action was the first cause of the after unseemly conduct of Beveral others who ought to have known better than misconduct themselves as they did. We had written very strongly on the larrikinism indulged in at the cencert, but owing to a wish not to blame the innocent with the guilty we suppreBB the paragraph and the names for this occasion. May this be a warning for the future. REQUISITION TO MB J. E. LEOKEY.— After the adjournment of the Davenport Council on Thursday evening, November 7, Mr T. Hunter presented a requisition, signed by all the councillors and about 40 other ratepayers, to Mr J. E. Leokey, asking him to consent to be nominated for Mayor. Mr Hunter referred to M Leckey's zoal in council matters, and of his many admirable qualifications for the position. Crs Bryant, Hill, Carrigg, and Rowe also spoke, strongly nrging upon him to consent. Mr Leckey replied at some length, thanking ail concerned for the many kind, Dot to say flattering, things said of him. He approved of choosing the Mayor whenever possible from the ranks of councillors. Personally be would have preferred seeing another member of the council occupying the mayoral chair, but as that could not be, he would give the matter bis earnest consideration, and let them know the result in a day or two [Mr Leckey has consented to stand this morning]. A NEW SMELTING VENTURE. — An English telegram in last Tuesday's Register has the following :—" A Com pany, to be called the Australian Alkaline Reduction Company, has been registered in London, The capital is stated in the official returns at £30,000." In reference to the above wo are informed by Mr T. A, Masey that he has been in communication with the promoters of the above Company for the erection of their smelting works at Port Augusta. This new system of smelt ing by the aid of caustic soda is par ticularly adapted for the reduction of refractory and other silver or^s. Two hundred tons of ore from the Aclare Mine near Adelaide, belonging to the Kangarilla Company, have been lately shipped to England to be treated by this pro cess by the English company, whoBe works are at Newcastle on Tyne, The capita! of thiB company is £100,000 in shares of £1,000 each, and are held by the richest men in England. In the near future we may, therefore, reasonably hope to be in a position to state that the unrivalled position of Port Augusta for the erection of smelting works has been at last recognised.—" Better late than never." MURDERS IN THE NORTH.—Recently the body of a cattle drover named Richard Mavack wan found in the North, and from the attendant circumstances he was supposed to have been murdered. The man was returning to Cadelgo Station, in Queensland, having delivered fat cattle in Adelaide, the property of Hungerford and Co. He camped at Cooper's Creek, about five miles from the mission station, Kallal pinna, and was known to have had in his company from the station, a blackfellow named " Billy." About 10 days ago the remains of Mavack were found in watThole near the mission station at Kallalpinna. This information was for warded to the police, who made an exam ination of the body, and found three cute (apparently made with a tomahawk) on the head, as also one on the hand. This was reported to Mr Miller, J.P. at Callana^ who ordered the removal of the body to Hergott. An inquest was held there on Sunday last. Evidence was taken, and the case was adjourned till Wednesday IaBt, when the jury again met and returned a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons at present unknown, M.C. South reported to Inspector Besley (Port Augusta) on November 6 that Iubra had been murdered that morning, evidently by some of her own tribe, at Bond Springs, on the Overland Telegraph Line. The police are making inquiries, and the trackers are at work. CONCERT.—The concert in aid of Mr Slevens waB held in the Town Hall yesterday evening, and in spite of a rather meagre bouse, a first-class programme was offered. The music, it was specially remarked, was more than usually well rendered, Mrs Murphy having Beemingly entered into some arrangement with the instrument to dispense its sweetest tones. Where all the lady and gentleman amateurs put forth their best entertaining powers and really did so well it seems unfair to particularize. However, the song, " Beautiful Dreams," by MisB Ward, deservedly received an encore, and Miss A. Gold also was recalled for her rendering " Beauty Sleep. Miss McGrewer sung in her usual winning style, and Mrs Mackay was certainly in one of her sweetest voices. Mr Glad win's rendering ol the " Rhine Wine," and Mr Cooke in " Come where my Love" were well received. Messrs Anderson, Dewhurst, and Robilliard also contributed to the musical success of the evening. The corner men were certainly not bad for amateurs—Tambo's " Hungry Man" being amusingly given. Mr Hocking's recitation, " The New Lochinvar," gave that gentleman the chance to make a favorable debut before a Port Augusta audience. He certainly was not over estimated in bis recommendations from kindred spirits in Adelaide, bis delivery and style of reciting being first-olasa. The first part concluded with a farce, " The Ghost," whicb helped to put the audience in good humor, and a little more plaster on the walls tbo Town Hall, 