AMERICA. THE WASHINGTON CENTENNIAL CELE B-RATION. A MILLION PEOPLE PRESENT. A New York paper, May 11, give3 the following jottings of the magnificent celebration of Washington's Inauguration : — From St. Paul's Church after the services there the people moved to tho platform built on the porch of the Sub- Treaoury building, the site of Federal Hall, on whoso balcony Washington took the oath as President. Wall-street 'was packed with people, and so was Broad- otreet, so far as the Stock Exchange entrance. Police in great force kept order around the temporary platform. Artillerymen were on duty on the outskirts of the dense mass of people. The Bible on which General Washington took tha oath was brought down, aud in its plush envelope it rested, on a table once owned by Washington. There was a. chair of Washington's thero aloo for President Harrison to occupy. The platform wa3 crowded when the great men came at 10.30 o'clock, oave for the seats reserved for them. Archbishop Corrigan wore a black cassock trimmed with purple and a purple silk dalmatic reaching to his feet. At 9 o'clock Patrick Sarafield Gilrnore began the concert that was to take up the time while the Presidential party was at the cervices in St. Paul's. With the music the crowd began to grow. 'the wearing op the green!' The only national muuic on the programme apart from the American national airs was ' The Wearing of the Green,' which, rendered as it was in Gilmore's best style, elicited storms of cheering from the vast multitude who heard it. FIFTY THOUSAND SOLDIERS — THE GREATEST MILITARY PARADE EVER BEEN IN AMDRICA. The greatest military parade ever seen in America, except on the assembling of tho troops ia Washington n.t the close of tho war, was under way whon tho literary exercises at Wall-streeb cloned. Then the Procident, Vico-President, Mayor Grant — iu a word, all tho notablea were driven to the reviewing stand in Madicon square. They drove up the line of march in nearly a dozen carriages, and P&.-&. d miles of soldiers and Grand Army men who rrc-re drawn up along the kcrbing-. The President t\nd the others occupied a bow-nhapod platform p- jecting from the stand. The President istayed -?.:-? il nearly the oud from 1 o'clock. The procession had not p&sced; the re viewing stand until nearly 7 o'clock. It was in deed a ivonder. Its men numbered more nearly 52,000 than 50,000, and the line was twice as long as the route, a matter of 11 miles in all. Nearly every State in tbe Union was represented, and with surprising numbers. FOE FIVE HOURS AND A HALF THE SOLDIERS MARCHED. For so many hours the air of Broadway wan cbarged with stirring music, with the regular tread of hoofs and sho-i'-s, the rattle, of gun car riages, the clink of sabrsp, and the gorgeous and kaleidoscopic panorama of colours. For nearly six hours the people stood in solid ranks along th. line of march, and the soldiers were, hemmed in by these living walls, and saw the multitude tower ing far above their heads, in the windows, on tho balconies, aud on tho rooi! edges. Cheering was continuous. A BULLION LOOKEKfi ON. To abandon all theory and reach the facts in the case of the great celebration, it may be paid that the police and the railroad mtn agree {-.hat there. were at least half a million ftrnngcjs in town. That gave the city a temporary population of 2,350,000 persons, for, to the 1,600,000 resident population mutt be aided the 250,000 who como to town every day in the year except Sundays aad who were more than represented by tho influx from the ne'ir suburbs. That is to any, that if any who usually came spent the day at homo there were more than enough others to take their places. Broadway and Pith-avenue were jammed by sightseers as no New York streets ever were crowded before. The crowding began at 8 o'clock and there was no diminution of ituntil after dark. It is estimated that with the people standing eight dsep on both sides of the FIVE-AND-A-HALF MILE ROUTIS the crowd must havs numbered 457,600 persons in rough figures. To these must be added the 90,000 persons on the big and little reviewing stands, which makes a sum of 547,600 souls,- and then, again, these muse be swelled by the persons who crowded upon the 4000 trucks in the 3ide streets. 4.t an average of. 25 persons to each truck, and that; is mods-rate, this acids 100.000 more to the overwhelming multitude and produces a total of 637,600 spectators of the parade, without including the enormous number that viewed it from the windows, doorways, and roofs. If thiu estimate is over large because it gives only a fooii to each person to stand-iu, it is equally wrong the other way in counting the peeple as standing eight rows deep. As a rnattor of foet, they have stood from 10 to 15 rows deep. Ifc is no!; wild guessing to cay that a million percons caw the parade. PRESIDENT HARRISON received a grand reception as he came forward, under the statue of Washington. He said :-— We seem to have been a part oP that admiring and almost adoring throng that filled the otreoto ? 100 years ago. (Applause.) We have come into the serious bub always inspiring presence of Washington. (Applause.) He was the incarna tion of duty, and he teaches us to-day this great lesson, that those who would associate their names with events that shall outlive a century can only : do so by a high consecration to duty. (Applause.) Self-seeking has no public observance or anniver sary. (Applause.) The captain who gives to the sea his cargo of rags that he may give safety and deliverance to hia imperilled fellow-men has fame; he who lands the cargo has only wagea. (Applause.) Washington seemed to come to tho discharge of the duties of his high office pressed with a great sense of his unfainiliarity of theae new calls upon him, modestly doubtful of his own ability, but trusting implicitly in the sustaining helpfulness of that God who presides at tho councils of nations and is able to supply every human defect. (Applause.) We have made a marvellous progress in material things, but the stately and enduring shaft that we have built at the National capital to Washington symbolizes the fact that he is still the first American, citizen. (Applause.) BENEDICTION BY ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN The Most Rev. Michael Augustine Corrigan then closed the ceremoniea by the following prayer : — ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the charity of God and the communication of the Holy Spirit be with you all. Amen. And may the blessing of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, descend on our beloved country and abide with it forever.' In all tbe Catholic churches of New York and Brooklyn, and throughout the country for that matter, a special Mass and prayers were offered for the Republic and those in power. The Ameri can flag waved proudly froui every Catholic church tower in both citips — in fart, the highest point on Manhattan Island from which it did wave was from the spires oE St. Patrick's Cathedral, while the first flag of all to be thrown to the breeze was that on old St. Peter's, Barclay-street. 