A SCOTCHMAN'S ADVENTURES. Bv the death of- Junes Davis (aaya the Brisbane Telegraph, Queensland), better knowu year* Hgo as Duf rumboi, or, as Mr. Stewart Russell Bpalls it, Derhamboi, there ended a career without parallel in the history of the colonisation of Queensland. No equally graphic record of a -wild white man exists, and the following incidents, collected from the 'Genesis of Queens land,'^ 'The Picturesque Atlas of Aus tralia,' and otjier .worke on the colony, relating mainly as they do to that period of his life when he was as one with the aboriginelB, will te-pferused with interest: — Davis was the eon of a Scotch black smith, who followed his calling at the Broomieluw, in the city of Glasgow, and was apprenticed to his father when 14 years of age in 1822. Being of a very roving disposition, he soon deserted his forge, and, crossing the border, he made his way to the south of England. There, apparently, he fell into evil habits, for in 1824, with three other youths, he was con victed? =of : (stealing half-a-crown from a church in Surrey, and, along with his com panions, transported to Botany Bay by the ship Minstrel. - in his new life also he does not appear to have reformed, for in 1828 he was again transported to the penal settle ment at Moreton Bay, where colonial sen tenced felons, only were eent. He was there employed aMhe forge along with a mate, -and eb liberal was Captain Logan, the commandant at that time, with the whip, that preferring all hazards to the terrors of each merciless rale, the two con victs took to the bash. Proceeding north wards, these absconders soon fell in with a numerous tribe of aborigines, by whom they were kindly received. Davis, i)y no means good- looking as a white man, was recognised a reincarnation of Derhamboi, a lamented member of iheir tribe, who had died some time before, and according to their superstition returned to life again. He was immediately adopted by Pamby Pamby, Derhamboi'a father, and his wife, who was$tiUaUy-,;ngtilftrly supplied with provisions, and was safe from that moment. His less fortunate companion, however, perished -ere long, Jrilled in TBxphition of an accidentftLe^crflfcgein .emplyii^the^nottaT remains of a deceased blackfeliow from a native basket which he found in a tree, and which he appropriated to carry oyetere in. Shortlv af tenmtdi : Davia ? himself -verv nearly fell a victim to the ferocity of his black associates. By some accidental means he killed the pet dog of hie adopted mother, who was so enraged at this Iobs that she instigated her husband to murder him. The old man at first, was not indisposed to do so, as he accused Davis of being maw gooy or. ghost, instead of Derhamboi, and as sorely jhreatenedfto have him killed, in accordance with their tribal customs. Bat Davis turned to and gave the old eavage such a merciless drubbing with his fcts that he not only subdued his murderous intentions, but induced him to forgive the death of his pet dog. The Ginginbarrah tribe, in which Davis was naturalised, had their usual place of habitation at a considerable distance in the interior, and leaving -them after some time, he passed, several years in sojourning amongst various tribes until he had reached as far as 600 'miles to the northward of Moreton Bay. With all these eavages he was treated as a blackfeliow returned from the dead, and although he had learned to become as one 'of ithemselves in their habits of everyday life, it was a matter of no small inconvenience to him to find that. fresh.-re-. cognition awaited liim'withtliffererihftribeV He was Derhamboi in Wide Bay, but he l«n Jt *^» A ft A Ant fiiM nn«SA*iMli*-i **.0 mmomm * AvtA else when he found? BH-fth6r tfibi, Wfl oc casionally his inability to recognise friends who had been intimate witn'him before his death gave rise to awkward misgivings among ^o^pindjfidufahijj But it sometimes happened that no identification took place. On euch occasions Davis had an answer pat. It was, he explained, so very long since he died that he had forgotten- what iris-name had been priorto that event. After %f- had been 14 j»at-inihVget4he.Macke Ad had long given up all thoughts of ever returning to the society of .civilised men, he was found by Mr;:Aoirew Petrie 'amongst the Ginginbarrah tribe again in 1842, and brought -back to Brisbane. On May 13 of that year Petrie's party, who had been exploring for the first time in the Mary River, camped ashore, with the view of ascending the neighboring .hills on the following day. They then heard of a large gathering of hostile natives being in the neighborhood, with Davis amongst them. After some manoeuvring, another absconder, iinuui; wi jjrauBLtui,* iruu uou uwu e|ieui. seven.- years amongst the aborigines with one of the ittoreton Bay blacks; managed unperceived to get in the midst of the en campment, and two convicts in Petrie'e crew armed with guns then went forward with the view of securing Davis. So perilous was the adventure considered that the convicts were prepared for it on the understanding that if successful their con dition ehould be improved. When the wild white man and the tame black stole in upon the savegea and had fairly got among them, and the former, being recognised, had been received without clubbing or spearing, their two white tfefepaanta Were detected at a distance, and an instant move made to spear them. Bat Wandi had by this drne/jcommari&ated; y-\\\h. Derhamboi, end Ae iwb^'wJifte^iVa^es prevailed on their black brothers to spare the trembling convicts. Davis, however, under assurances of manumission, set off running towards the convicts, and surrendered himself to them, followed- by- Bracefell. . A : singular .scene was then 'enacted 'by the brace of ab sconders, who seemed alternately swayed by their original training and their savage habits. Davis furiously accused Bracefell of having led the convicts to capture him with a View to procure a mitigation of his own sentence. He -would credit -none of Wandi's protestations, till the latter, moved to rage, became all^jlack fellow again, and passionately sang a 'warvoiis at Deramboi. Thereupon Davis dashed off to the main body of whites. 'I shall never,' wrote Mr. Petrie in his dairy, 'forget his ap pearance' when be arrived in bur c∓ — a white man in a state of nudity, and actually a wild man of the woods ; his eyes wild and enable to rest a moment on any one object. He had quite the same manner and gestures that the wildest blacks have got. ' He could not epeak his ' inither'e tongue/ as he called it. He could not pro nounce English for some time, and when he did attempt it, all he could say was a few words, and those were often misap plied, breaking off abruptly in the middle of a ' sentence with the black gibberish, which he spoke very fluently. During the whole of our conversation his eyes and manner where completely wild, lookingat us as if he had never seen a white man before. It fact, he told us he had forgotten all about the eociety of white men, and had forgotten all about hie friends and relations for yean past, and had I or some one else not brought him from among those eavages he would never have left them.' Upon returning to Brisbane and receiving a pardon from the. Government, Davis first entered the service of Land Commissioner Simpson at Woogaroo, and shortly after wards Joined Mr, Eales's manager, Mr. Joliffe, to take up land in Wide Bay dis trict. He was next engaged with a survey party opening the road to Gymdie, a task which took a considerable time to accom plish. Then he had charge of a search party, \o ascertain xne train oi a report mat a man named Thompson, with his wife and three other men, had fallen into the hands of the blacks up north, the men murdered, and the woman detained amongst the natives. Satisfying himself that the story was false, he returned to Brisbane and opened a farrier's shop at Kangaroo Point, marrying whilst there his first wife, who lived with him until her death about Beven yean ago. After being in business several years he sold out, and, crossing the river, opened a second farrier's shop in George street, which he kept until 1664. He then gave up the smithy, and for over 20 years, until his final retirement from business, utuui in uruciiery .ware on iuh premises adjoining the Ipswich boarding-house. Whilst residing in Brisbane, he was also engaged as aboriginal interpreter in the Supreme Court, travelling about the colony whenever a native' unable to speak English was placed on hie trial. His second wife was a person named Bridget Qayes. When first taken from the blacks he had no hesitancy in relating his experiences amongst them, but of later years he became labitnally reticent, and on rare occasions, when willing to refer to his first adventures, at the first question he would abruptly etop in a snappish tbanner, and break off the conversation at once. 