Turf Notes. [By ' Hippabion.'] The winter meeting of the Queensland Turf Club bus l)f«n flsed for Friday and Baturdav. In Exhibition week, i.e., August 23rd and 24th. The added money comaBto over £1000, distributed f)» last ye»r£tliB pri nctpsi moes are the Q.T.r. H»i',i11cnp. 200 eovd., 1} mf'e ; theExliibi tinn Ftnnriin»n. tfifl wivn.. 1 mile : and tl-e Pytchley (Himlle) Piste. J00 snve. There )«. Hhntjur Hurflln evetit— the Bouklea Plate— nn the firet day tr.o, value SOb'Vs.; and tin' Vipiior'f Plnte, an open race last venr, In 'Diw s Jinndipap fur three-year Jilds only'. IfomliiatlnitB fnr the two hip Iibii-IIpkji» -in Tuepilny July 24th. ToWnnville hKUdtoiw— (Jup aud Town Plate— olnc.'d witli 33 nuhi-erihers each, aud Incluili-c all the northern cracks, and Home eidht of the southern h. rses. If tbe Esple Farm fnrm of Ralston, Tra gedian, -ami Warrti-n, Is to betaken as trustworthy, thelai-k of hrlnfriug together tbe northern and southern nags is about tbe most difficult that could he pet the handicapper. Evsn if we admit that Halston, liiit. for » hit of bud luck, would have'Wpn the Brisbane Cup, it scarcely lightens the work before him ; and when we remember that Goldstain. whocautmt he handicapped at under 9 St., at lowest, 10 give most of tbe northern borses an out side show, was considered by PatDowney to be crushed out of our southern Spring Handicaps, at a few pounds over 7 St.. one wonders what weight will be piled on pueh horses ss Pirate, and- Blarney, and Zamia. It is whispered down hero, however, that Goldstein's scratching was due less to the weight on tbe horse, than to the tender heart of Pat, who couldn't bear the notion of the risks to his favorite of so long a journey. The Townsville Herald, wriMngof lb' I vast 3ii:l rapid strides made hy the turf in South Queensland, and cltiutr llif late Q.T.C. meeting at Eagle Farm as an instance, Attributes tliem to a 'complete system of twii and three-year- old racing and liberality to horse owners.' There are, of course, other contributory circum stances, but there are ' two tangible points, wbich may be looked upon »» tbe root.' 'On Monday,' says tbe Herald of June 1st, 'entries are called fur stakes amounting in all to £'1100 of added money, to be run for under tbe Q.T.C. and Tatterssll's auspices, by now year lings during their two and three-year-old career. Stakes and forfeits will add considerably to th» v«lue of these, and, if also entered in the Sires Produce, tbe amount open for youngsters at Eagle I Farm alone during this period will beoue I of verv considerable proportions.' I may mention tbat the Q.T.-'. Derby, next j November, will he worth i.ver 5P0sovs. to the winner after all deductions, and tbe | Sires Produce Stakes, nest May. will enrich the winnr-r's bank account hy a still larger amount. By calling the attention of tbe Northern clubs to tbese facts, the Herald hopes to induce them to folic. w the example of tbe Q.T.C and adont the same 'complete system' of two and thr.e-yesr-old racing. Why, indeed, should not TowDsville or tbe Charters Towers go further than Sapling Stakes for two-year-olds, and start a North Queensland Derby and St. Lcger, as well bs the Sires Produce Stakes? The Derby might be stsrteri by the Tnwn*ville Turf Club, and run at the summer meeting ; the St- Legei by the Charters Towers Jockey Club, and be run at the winter meetiug of the C.T. J.C. And in tbis connection I may once more venture to suggest tbat tlie leading southern clubs might reasonably he asked to st once make their own meeting more attractive, and aid tbe good work initiated by the Q^T.C. and R.J.C., by the institu tion of Sires' Produce Stakes. To sntne extent this has been done by tbe Mary borough Jnokey Club, who. tbis season, gave one of its valuable prizes to be run for by two and three-year-olds, but tbis is hardly sufficient, aud in the interet-t cf the club itself, as well as in the larger one of racing generally, I hope the attempt lately made by the M.J.C. to revise tbe local Produce Stakes, wbicb bave been ia abeyance since 1884, will be successful. Such racfs are usually very inter- sNng. though fields are seldom large. Last year, !--r instance, no race on the programme was m-irealiiac!iv»itiaii tbat between Bendiito. Grah. nud Embvre, for the Sires Produce at Bockbampton, and this year, too, ihe meeting of Rose of Drayton, Stamboul. and Sliver King, with one or two of the local borses, will be one of ifteeveDts on the card. Besides, an owner having a boree engaged in tbis race, is generally induced to take up one or two more to go for other races, when without eucb an engagement be would not be represented at all. I should think by this time the Bunda herg Racing Club have seen the mistake they made in localising their races, whicb, if one may judge from the very poor entry for tbe two handicaps— poor in number and worse in quality- bid fair to be tbe tamest and flittfst ever held ou tbe Burnett. Had tbe races .been open, the two handicaps, small though the of over 20 each, and, tbe dates tilting in nicely as tbey do between Gympie and Rockhampton, it only wanted Phil Elliott's handicapping to have made the Bundaberg meeting of 1SS9 a best on record. Acceptances, or rather forfeits, for Rockharupton big handicaps w«*re de clared on Wednesday, and it is therefore impossible for me to notice tbun bere. Lyndburst and Yahba, I understand, will not accept, and Blarney's and Bleep's and Norman's successes at Mary borough have entailed penalties whicb render Lauristiua's victory in one at least of the two big handicaps almost a certainty. ' Veno' does not mention the mare among tbe eleven be picks as most worthy of support, and he goes for Lynd burst. Pirate, Lu Grange (neither of whotn will go up in all probability), Boori, Fairy, Citadel, Tlbogan, Binalnnc, Petronel, Rosel'ank, and Cavalier. Of these only Boori, Fairy, Binalong. aud Citadel seem to me to have a ghost of a show on recent form with the Iderway mare. Thi Gympie weights arcnot known at time of writing, and the meeting will be over before these notes are in print, aud ft would he only waste of time tn analyse tbe work. If Harry Walsh had bad luck at Eagle Farm, be made up for It hi* bis series of successes at your meeting, where Jiis stable pulled off no less titan five of the eleven open events in the programme : tbree with Ed on, and thejumping double with The Baton, while Edna very neatly scored a fourth victory in the Criterion Nursery. The Baron, who stoutly re fuses to win or ruu forward at E igle Farm, seeuis to ruu -juite a dif ferent horse away from home, as witness bis double at Ipswiuh be fore, and the Maryborough double after Ihe Q.T.C meeting. The chestnut is pretty sure to go to Rockhemplon, and will be bad to beat there unless Ravens wortb enters the lists against bim. Kockhampton Tatterssll's Club bas issued an excellent programme of raceB for August 7tb, when the principal prizes are as under Tattersali's Handicap, 125 Rovp.; Norman Handicap, 75 sovs., and Hurdle Kace, 50 sovs. IjOtihiel it is said will race no more ; at i any rate lie is advertised to serve ten public mires ill addition to tlioee of bis owner at Russley, N.K. Young M'Alleter, who was bo badly I hurt in the fall with New Fashion, is re- 1 ported out of danger. There Is so much racing about Mel bourne (says a correspondent of a Sydney paper) that tbe country clubs, whish race only for the fun of tbe tbiug, bave almost been robbed of tbeir existence, but if tbe V.R.C. carries out its intention of limiting the number of suburban meetings, owners of horses will be forced by circumstances into the couutry now and then, aud tbe position of mauy of the country cluhs will he greatly improved. The number of days set apart for racing at Moonee Valley, Elsternwick Park.Oakleigh Park, etc., is io be reduced to give country clubs a chance Nxtmneo races were as much ot a pucci- hs »s the very poor eutries justified us iu expecting. Hexbxm quite failed to give tlie weight away to the Reuguy gelding Clarence (who Is, I fancy, a bitof a racehorse when thoroughly fit) in tbe Raciug Club Handicap, and tbe latter won the Midwiuter Haudicap too with less trouble. The two Produce Stakes, Sires nud Mares (both for two-year-olds), wbich it seems absurd to run oft at tbe same meeting, went to tbe Kuuyoon-bred eolt Reuowu, by Agamemnou out of Petite Morceau, wlio also won the District Plate from Victory. 1 his youngster, unfortunately, is eugaged iu neither of tbe classic events — Derby and St. Leger. He might be a second Sandy Greaves, and like bim left out in tbe cold. A yearling brother to Renowu, however, has been entered by Mr. Darley for tbe Derby of 1S90 and St. Leger of 1891. It is rumored that Mr. H. White, brother of the Hon. James, is about to settle in Brisbane, aud bring his racing stud, or a portion of it, witb him. So much the better for the Queensland turf, and I only hope rumor is not lying. Clover, wbo ran third to Donovan and Gulliver in the last Middle Park Plate, won the French Derby on Sunday, June 2nd. Clover iB by Weliingtonia (sire of Plaisauterie), out of Princess Catherine, by Prince Charlie. Donovan wou the Epsom Derby on Wednesday, June 5tb. and tbe rnnnerup was not, as the market indicated It might be, Eldorado, hut Mr. Gretton's colt Miguel, a son of Isonomy's brother, Fer nandez. Eldorado ran tbird. Cbitaboie did not start, bsviug been scratched tbe day before tbe race. Donovan is a great grandson oft Voligeur, bis sire Galopin being by the great black horse's best son, Vedette. Mowerina, Donovan's dam, is a daughter of Scottish Chief. M'Gratb, tbe jockey, has been sus pended from riaiug for a period of tbree calendar months, from May 25tb. IF THE SUrFERKRS FROM CONSUMPTION Scrofula, Bronchitis and General De BILITI WILL TRY SCOTT'S EMULSION WITH Hyfophosphites tbey wilt fiDd im media e re lief and a immanent benefit. .TUe Medical Pro fession In tbe var ous countries of the world, universally declare It a remedy ot t.begreatt6l value; ar.d as It is very palatable. It can be readily taken hy tbe most sensitive stomach, bo d trill r pvrr li : i ti-£ive tbe suflerer relief and comfort- Large and small bottles at all Chemists 