Emu Notes. BY A CORRESPONDENT. Friends and fellow countrymen lend me thine earsi A ghost, a real visible nineteenth century ghost, walketh along ;the Emu highwny a'most nightly. It has been seen by a favoured few of the local folks ; but up to date none have dared to interview this shadowy visitant from the lower regions. ;A few nights ago a party of courageous lioroes, from the lower end of the town, patrolled his ghostship's customary walk, for some considerable time, armed with rocks, brickbnts and blue metal, in quest of his majesty's scalp. Every gutter was carefully examined ; blades of grass, and even pieces of paper were disturbed without success. They at length reached the supposed abode (a culvert), of the ghoul. Oh 1 it wns good to be there, one was afraid to} explore the ghostly spot, whilst the others were not game, and I am sure if a stray goat, or'any other animal had have happened to have popped out from under the culvert, the world's record for two miles ;would have been shattered. If ever I have occasion to cross this culver after sunset I shall go forth with a War Cry in one hand, and a Dead liird in the other (how would some cold tea do for the nerves?), and if that don't charm the goblin into allowing himself to be interviewed, why! I'll give up the ghost. The cricketers have, at last roused themselves; perhaps there was really nothing the matter with th'em, they may have only been like snakes, and the approach of the warm weather has enliv.ened them. A concert will I understand take place under the auspices of the cricket club, on September 6th, in aid of their funds, they having dipped into the old stocking a little 'too deeply last season. ' Pedestrianism has revived-with a vengeance. The air is full of challenges, and a few boasts. A pri/ate race, came oil the other morning, between two of our local aspirants to pedestrian honours, for a crown a-side, two and six deposited, the bal ance to he paid by easy instalments. The lougun won easily. Two others are matched to run for a small stake on the 31st instant-it will be indeed a battle of giants. Both "men are in steady training, and bol h are very confldentof victory. It strikes me, that I will have to furbish up my grandfather's old eight day dutch clock to take the ; time; for this race, for I ^hardly think, any ojlier time-niece would last long enough... / i r. ,, 