Coirespmiu'ëncé. TAKING DP LAND. (To thc Editor of the Cairns Post.') j SIR,-A review of land matters from my point of view, if yon care to print it, may do some Rood by .acting.as a guide and a warn- ing to future settlers. A few years ago every available acre of land was taken up as soon as :t was thrown open. Everybody who could manage to secure a selection took it, the question of working it being a very secondary con- sideration. . We now see the natural consequence: the greater part of the land is not under cultivation, and where a garden blossoms in the wilderness, the chances are ten to one on the gardener being a Chinkie. Perhaps one of the seereys of disastrous results is the taking up ten times the quantity of land that can be fairly or profit- ably worked. Then not being able to work it himself, the selector lets it ont, whenever possible, to Chinamen, who take off as many successive crops as the la nd will afford, and then clear out to fresh scenes and pastures new. Does anyone think at the expiration of a Chinese garden tenancy the happy white owner of the land is in blissful posses- sion of orango groves and an assortment of fruit trees of various descriptions? Not much. Desolation, exhausted soil, a few ghosts of departed banana trees, a humpy or two reeking with filth in a manner peculiar to tho children of the sun and cousins to the niooa, and that is all. '-?--*tcmnj_lMx. »rieutid the .Mongolians have hewn a path in the Wilderness- and left some sunshiny corners in the once dense scrub. Eight, but to utilise the land after the Chinkies have depleted the soil, the unhappy selector requires capital. He must certainly plough it, and possibly mannrc it. Let us see how a selection pays a man without capital. Suppose a man without capital comes out here, and with a JE20 land order takes up 1G0 acres under the Homestead Act. If he tried to live on his land, what would he do t He wonld simply starve like a bandicoot who stays in his hole ; he would find himself obliged to go out and work to keep himself and put the requisite improvements on his selection to obtain thc fret hold. Ho would not put more than the necessary 10s per acre en it, and instead of cultivating the land aud helping to settle the district, he would be forced to keep himself by working for wages outside. Thus it conies that what vegetables we do get are cultivated by Chinamen only. We never see a cabbage here,, at least hardly ever ; and if by accident we do, the brazen Chinkie asks a modest shilling for it. With all our rich and vast agricultural resources we have to pay one shilling for what we get for three halfpence at home. The system of- immigration, paid for out of the Colonial Exchequer, does not then benefit Cairns and district any too much, if at all, in the way of settling the land and developing its agricultural resources. It stands to reason that a man without capital cannot work a farm with any degreo of success, and only men with money can succeed. The scrub soil is so rich as to pay for the cost of clearing in a year or two, but it requires a certain amount of capital to begin with. The general plan about here is to take about 50 to 100 acres and let China- men clear what parts they like in return for the usc of the land, and for the owner to go out and work for wages to struggle to keep thc land a little shipshapo so as to be I able to claim the certificate of fulfilment of the conditions, under which he can obtain the freehold. This system does not benefit the district very much for obvious reasons. Our free or assisted immigrant finds it hard work very often to keep above water himself and hard to hold his land, and unless he works outside he cannot do so. Certainly, some selections show very well and are a great credit to their owners, but the land timber-getting and hauling, or carpentering or fencing, or other outside work that has paid for them and sufficed to place them under cultivation. Look at thc,shipping: columns-the ex- ports and the imports-and there will bc seen the agricultural advancement of our district. About three cases of fruit are sometimes sent away j but for every one sent away, ten aro brought in. Bananas are the only fruit exported to any extent, and this trade is in the hands of the Chinamen. Then, as the immigrants v-ith no experience and less money cannot develop the agricul- tural resources of the laud, where does the truth of ethe homilies preached to tho yokels of England,come in P . Where,do thc visions of a pretty little humpy on the banks of a lovely little creek, surrounded with vigorous growing produce and money producing vegetables, come in? The immigration lecturers forget a few facts'and imagine a lot of fiction when they assert that without capital a man can take a piece of land and work it to a profit sufficient to kesp himself and family. He certainly does not have to keep a pig like the Irishman to pay his rent, but he has to d° something to keep him going. : ' ?".T ' A great deal also depends upon tho ex- perience or otherwise of the selectors them- selves. Many know nothing about agricul- ture, others a little in practice, and others a lot in theory. Without experience and without capital a man can do little with his land, bnt with experience and money good things may be expected out of a selection, and are frequently obtained. We will con- sider for a moment if it is possible to work a selection without capital. The conditions under which the land is taken up requires personal residence, either of thc owner or by registered bailiff. On scrub land the scrnb has to be cleared, 'vhich is a very costly process. Few can go to the expense of grubbing out the stumps of the trees, and content themselves with allowing them to rot out, which tnkes three, four, five or more years, more or less, according to the degree of durability of the wood. All this costs money, either in the shape of wages or . the time and tucker of thc owner himself. Some ringbark the trees and patiently wait until they die, others try scrub extermina- tors, ic. The most generally adopted plan is to leave the stumps in and bum er haul off the logs, and dig up the space between the stumps and put in their plants. A better plan is adopted in some parts of America, at all events it isa year, or two quicker. The stumps are bored, rcross the grain, and the hole is filled with saltpetre and pluged with a cork. In a year's time the cork can bc withdrawn and a match put in and the stump will burn like a candle, Endeavours are made to kill very large trees, which take along time to cut down, but the ringbark method takes several years. One very good way is to bore a hoi« jn the tree's heart just before the sap begins to rise, and pour in a little mercury This will prevent the sap from rising and kill the tree in the season. It can then b< left standing without preventing the sun from touching the crops, and can be sawn down when required for its wood. Scrub land when put under thc plough is extremely valuable, and,it is a great pitj that the Chinamen should be allowed t< exhaust it to such an extent that it is onlj good to be cut up into building sites Wallabies are almost a plague in EOUK part», and the cost of an efficient fence ii often considerable. If the Chinamen put one up it is generally calculated to stan( three years with constant repairing sm only to let in ten wallabies a week. J four-point' thickset ' barb wire fence i perhaps the most efficient, if there are abou four wires ; otherwise the animals can cree; under. Therefore, even this it^em oosts ¡ considerable amount pf money, JE50 no going far. '. ' " }f the land were properly cultivated ther would be no lack of a market, but where fe- nian has to depend upon his bullock team to keep him he cannot cultivate his land. When he has to work a week for wages to put up a few chains of fencing or buy seed for a few acres, he finds that the advantages set forth in tho Queensland Guide are soine iwhat difficult of acquisition. It is written down that the selector must be a sorry funner and a most undesirable settler who could not succeed in making more than JE80 worth of improvements on a 100 acre farm in five years. But he has to make enough money to keep himself and his family', if he has one, and enough to reward him for his toil. To get the land under cultivation costs him five years of labour and money sufficient to keep himself and buy his tools, materials, Sc. ; if he cannot make this amount of money, his land is ' not worth much- to liim for agricultural purposes. What ground is uuder cultivation has been done with capital, and without this capital it could net otherwise hr. ve been accom- plished. Farmers are slow to combine and prefer working by themselves, and auy labour saving machinery that could be bought and-worked by a syndicate,' ' but beyond the means of the individual selector, is not obtained, and even an antipathy is shown to thc central milk for sugar, rice, «ic. -The timber on many selections pays for the lan d and helps the settler along, but if he manipulates timber he cannot give all his time to cultivation. Grand attempts are being made now by those already settled on the land to produce local fruit growing, and every success should crown their efforts. Fruit ¿rowing should be one of the inain etáys of Cairns with its rich soil, but how are immigrants without experience and capital going to raise fruit in any country f lours, sc., ?.. BABRON VALLEY: | Atherton, 5th August, 3889. 