THE BELL OF ST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER BESANT, Author op Dohothv Forster, the Chaplain ok the Fleet,- Heku I'aulus, Ac. PART II. Chatter XXYI.— In Richmond Park. inoy Bat ill sucnco on the grass besido the lake of Richmond Park. The afternoon was warm and soft in tho season of early autumn, the only ouo of the four which liardlv ever dis. appoints us. The light of tho Eloping sun lay upon thoir faces, the ferns were brown and the trees were golden ; it was bo quiet that one could hear the whirr of tho swallow and tho browsing of the deer oloso beside and tho snapping of tho twigs when a rabbit hroko covor and ran across. Thoy wero hundreds of miles from tho lmunt of man ; thero was no rambler in tho Park that afternoon except themselves. Thero are many sweet and quiet 6pots round London whither tho people come not, oxcept a fow on Sundays, There is a ccrtnin corner of Hainpstead Heath which they know not, even of a Sunday. There is a bit of Eppiug Forest which is always de- sorted ; there is a glade or two still left of Htuuault Forest whero you may wandor undis turbed oven by the gipsies ; hut tho quietest and loneliest spot of any is that besido tho lake m Richmond Park whero tho herons fly overhead and tho wild duck make long lines aud acuto anglos against tho sky, and tho doer roam undisturbed and tho wood birds sing. Hither Laurenco brought tlio two girls, and hero they Bat in silence, partly because all threo wore full of thought, and partly be- causo tho place was too beautiful for idle talk. "If it would only last," Baid Althca with WUt th8 a sigh, " if wo could only go on slttin. i B without getting tired, and if the sun wofj 1 not set. Oh ! it eeoms as if one could ncr» 1 forget this place and this afternoon, vll S perhaps to-morrow wo may have forgotten l,.i» 0 Lot us try to remember it, Cassie. ?Ye will i to ourselves, there was the Lake ; there was th. I Bridge ; there was the Boat House— we must? f! leave out thorecds ; behind us were the trees with " the twigs lying about tho roots, and the brown 1 fern stretched out beyond the trees : there w». i the heron flying overhead with his lone fc", 1 behind him ; there was the sunlight on tfo. H water and the bine sky and— oh ! if one were a 9 painter to put it all down upon canvas and I preserve tho memory of it for over !" " Aud in an hour or less, " said Cassic, "we I shall be back again on Bank Side. Sir. "Waller 1 you are grave to-day. When you took us to the 1 West End you laughed and talked. Has anv i thing gono wrong ?' J g 44 No; I have only something more to think 8 of, s ho replied. 44 It is, in fact, something that should make me happier." "Mr. Waller," said Cassie, after another little silence, 44 tell us at last why did you come tr Bank Side first of all— you who had all the rest of the world to choose?" 4 4 Bank Side ia a very picturesque place ; and as Althca knows, it is full of Elizabethan gll03tS. " 44 But it was not to sec ghost3 that von came." Laurence, who had been lying at the girls' feet, rose and walked to the water's edge, and looked across tho lake. Then he came back to them so grave of face that Ca6sic was afraid of him. Yet every woman likes to see serious purpose in the face of a man. 44 1 came to Bank Side, Cassie," he said standing before them, 44 not to see the Elizabethan ghosts, but to make your acquaint ance." 4 4 Mine?" 44 Yours, and that of your father and the rest of you. I had also to find out, if possible, the truth about oertain little things for one who formerly lived near you. Well, I made your acquaintance, and I found that as for these things I could do nogood. So I thought I would go away again. And then I — I made other friends, and I saw that there was a Story going on ; bo I thought I would stay and see the end of it ; but somehow I became a character in the story, which served me right for looking on ; and then I fancied that the story was ended, and bo I weut away. But about that I was wrong, and so I came back again. And now the story seems nearly finished." Both girls were silent, because they also were characters iu that story. 44 It will be finished very soon now, " he said. 44 What will the end be like ?" said Cassie. 44 1 cannot say. I only know what I hope. I came here a stranger among all you people, of whom I had never heard. That was only three months ago. What have you become to me? For even if I were now to go away and leave . you, I could never forget you." 44 Oh ! but what have you done for us?" said Cassie. 44 1 came among you with a light heart,' Laurence went on, 44 thinking to amuse myself. It is not precisely amusement that I have found here ; it is a new interest iu life, and a change m all my thoughts. He spoke to Cassie, and he avoided looking at Althea, who gazed straight before her and seemed not to hear. But her lip3 quivered aud . her eyes softened. 44 1 have a thing to tell you all," Laurence added after a little ; 44 but you and I, Cashie, have been such special friends that I should like to tell you now. May I ?" 44 Oh, yes, if you please. " 44 It is a confession. I came among you with concealment of tho truth. When I found, to my surprise, that none of you knew what my name, I thought, would have suggested, I did not tell who I really was, and I have never yet told any of you." 44 But we know, " said Cassie. 44 You are the aon of Sir David Waller, who is Prime Minister of New South Wales." 44 That is certainly true. But my mother, Cassic, is your father's first counin." 44 Oh !" Cassie jumped to her feet and clapped her hands. 44Auut Cornelia said the other night that you had her cousin Lucy's voice aud her face— and nobody took any notice of her. Oh ! then you arc my cousin, too." 44 1 am your cousin, too, Cassie." Heboid out both His hands. 4 4 Oh! you are my cousin — oh! my own cousin !" 44 Yes. And so, you see, you must call me by my Christian narao in future. But you need not tell Flavia or anybody just yet. It is our own secret to ourselves." 44 Oh ! Laurenco ! — I am to call you Lau rence — lam afraid it seems like taking a liberty. What will they say ? And is your mother, my cousin, too, really and truly a ladyship ? Do they call her my lady ?" 44 Certainly, sometimes." 44 And are you really rich, aud do you live in a big house?" " Yes, and there is room in it for you. I have written to my mother to have it kept for you. Because, Cassie, you see, the story about the girl who went away nnd forgot her troubles is going to be a true story after alL You are going out to Australia with me, away from the old place, aud you are going to forget — all kinds of things." Cassie hung her head and said nothing. Then they were all silent again — and what each thought of I know not. The girls sat side . by side— and Laurenco walked slowly along the grassy bordeis of tho lake while the sun sank in the west, and the warm autumn day came to an end. Presently he returned to them. 44 There goes the sun," he said. 44 Let us walk back to Richmond and have dinner. Even on the most beautiful day of the year — this lias been the most beautiful sunset of all this year, except one — we must have dinner. For uiy own part the happier I am tho happier docs dinner make me. Men arc made so. Althea, have we taken you too far? Are you tired?" Then they walked back in silence through tho deepening twilight. Presently Cassic stole her hand upon Laurence's arm. 44 1 am so glad," sho murmured, "I am so very glad you aro my cousin. I will go witli you anywhere— anywhere — to get away from here. . Are you sure your mother will like to have . me?' The table3 at tho Star and Garter are not crowded on a week day in September. Lau- reuco took one of those which look out upon the winding river and the broad valley. At first they had tho great dining room to themselves, except for a young couple returning homo after their honeymoon. It was tho last evening be- . foro they wero to scttlo down in tho dtasy suburb of tho manufacturing town; tho last evening of romance ; next day tho counting house and tho factory. Vbon tho College oE Physicians has lengthened our span to 180, or perhapa 250, tho honeymoon Bixould take 10 years at least Tho dinner was not so gay as that ono in Regent-Btrcet; but they talked with cheerful ness, and perhaps it was hapjiior. Cassic called . Laurenco cousin a hundred times; sho lnugheu to think what Aunt Cornelia would say ; sh® permitted herself llttlo archnesses of speecu whioh aro allowed among young persons cou- 1 is too slender over to bo- g ifectcd y family tics, ft chain. 1 WSJiSir exactly understood the situation, ,11 Ihfassio was tbo principal talker. Ho I " the Queen of tho Foast ; ho hovered 1 '""ffllthoa, showering upon lior those atten- which only a sympathet.o waiter can i Sow this was an English waiter, of course. 1 5 nf Rermanyor Switzerland cannot undcr- fthc eTuanocs; he knows not tho poetry f i nrofession. IVo must not sot him down u mercenary becauso his thoughtful attentions S od an ample guerdon when the little add.- discharged. Chords of tho heart may j to touched without a thought of tips. This miter had been young. Shall not beauty, | Lai, and love between them bo ablo to stnko 1 the trembling lyre and awaken a3 upon an I Eolion harp a tender symphony? | The ovening, however, was not to finish with- I nut another adventure. I At the close of their feast, whon tho waiter I tod brought them the cotfee, a party of half a | entered the room and noisily took po3- i jciiion of a table reserved for them. Three 1 rere Indies and thrco men. Tho ladies, who I Jore magniacent attiro and wero all throe vory ralemlid in appearance and of commanding beauty and possosscd of cornplexioua moat won derful 'and eyes most curiously bright, laughed and talked rather more loudly than is custom ary with ladies in a public place. One of tho men corresponded in appearance and manners to tho ladies ; lie looked as if ho could have clayed to the life tho part of a buccaneer under the flag of the Jolly Roger or a gentleman highwayman, or a gallant cavalry rider under Prince ltupert. He would bo set down by those who knew the world as a bookmaker, adven turer, modern privateer, or, to sum up, a bounder; his laugh was loud; his shoulders were square, and he carried a swagger as pro nounced as that of any old Peninsular officer in the Twenties. He was a good looking creature, black of hair and of eye, who proclaimed in his face the fact that morality or principle of tho J olil fashioned kind was nob his strongest point. I The second was a young gentleman of more I pleasing appearance and quieter manners. He took his part in tho loud laughter of his friends. And the third, who placed himself at tho head of the table and was apparently tho host, was none other than the future President of the Royal Society — Oliver Luttrcll. Ono of tho ladies was the divino Giulia, and ono of the gentlemen was the gallant Mr. Harry Stanley, Althea turned her head and saw him. "There is Oliver," she cried. "Does Oliver give dinner parties at Richmond? And what a strange set of people with him !" Cassio looked round and saw him too. Ho was beuding over one of the ladies — she knew this kind ; she had assisted at tho taking of thoir photographs. Oliver at the Star and Garter giving a feast to actresses of the kind who laugh loudly and paint thickly — Oliver who had no money — Oliver who thought about nothing but science; Oliver who had been making love to Althea ; and with such a party ! But Althea paid no more attention ; it was quite indifferent to her if Oliver entertained strange goddesses with feasting and champagne. The giver of that banquet, fortunately, did not see thorn ; and they presently went away, tho laughter of the party ringing in their ears. "Is your idol shattered yet?" Laurence whispered in the train. "He swore once that ho loved you. Then he changed his mind. He swore that lie loved Althoa — as if any man could love Althea and give dinners to such people as those ! Cassie, where is tho lover as you imagined him?" "If the idol is shattered," said Cassia sadly, "give mo a little time, Laurence, to clear away tho fragments." 