VARIETIES. Back from the Grave. A MAN ui:mi:vi:i) TO in; mitodkukd lusrvnss Ai'l'LSU Ti:N YKAIIS TO CIJUBI HIS lllllUK. 'Hie following tnlo, which, if true, i» 112 muritiiMo in nerve an Die foundation 1 for om> of tlm nlnrioK of the day, hns been punt! from UroxMihvillo, IVnn., under dutc of i August llili. AH the writer jrivon hi* mime t.lie comiminiualion WIIH donbtlcsH iniido in good ftril.1i, mill in Iil'I'g fvprufltiuix), ttnd tlic render may lake it rum t/ivno aalia or nut, im ho clioo^L's: No mom dramatic. nwdl1 WIIH ever cnnctod on tho Wild* of uny llicutrc than one whinli nt Vhn wmlimuo of Miss Kflie "Welli^ljy^ bindi in the <?o»uitry Home two jiiilt?s north from hero, lo-duv, whon licr former xwootliottrfc, Harry Lyntim, whom *die hud mourned uh dond for ton long youro, Huddcnly iipjiunivd to claim her as her bride. )» JSlfa? WelJc.shy, then KtvcutKixtwn, WIIH wiid 1/» In* llm pri'ttiunt girl in Kuyctto oonnty. Iler father WIIH wealthy, owning, be«ide the, largo furni on which lit lived, ox t<nsive and valuable tvaetn of coal, lumber and oil lands and iiIko having an interest in MuvoralMtoiimboutu. Of course liits fair daughter did not luck for fcuitov« from inuuy of tlie \wv\ and wealthiest of tho county, Imt o|' them «U fjww Jhary J^yntxHi, tlw wjm of a poor <ioal miner, who followed Jiin fiither*« vocation, mid liiul no other proHpect Until that of doing ho ull lus life, though poswHsiug nuttir il intelligence far nupi.Tior to that of luont tucu of hiH Ktation. 'Die linen of oimte and cltiHHdititiucliouut'L'nol vol1}' oloHuly drtiwu in the rural HOuiety of this region, and the young pooplo met nt a picnic,, wheruthcy im mediately foil head over hocl* in lovo with cudi other. When John Wollcnhy- a man notod for hut violent and uuguvornahlo temper-din uoverod Kflio'* pjuwiou for thn poor minor hin anger know no l*ouud*. Ho ordered tho youugman fiwn hhihoiiKi* und threatened to kill him if ho ever again found him iu tho Roeicty of hix daughter, while ho commanded Miw i'tiiu to immediately trnnrfer her nH*e<> tion* to a young nun or wealth and hdciii! Ignition who iiiid I»eyn vainly endeavoring to win hot ntnikvi. Tho lovern were not \m he so easily hnflhsl. They ftrnittgcd cltnidcHtine moetingrtiimlnpent many huppy hour* together in a grove of grand, old, forest 1-reeh nenv Kflle'n home nt time* when John WOIIobIjv helieml JI»n daughter to Ikj deeping the deep of happy girlhood iu her cony room nlwve his owu. Well lmowiug that her father would never re lent, Kftie at longth consented to au elopement, but before it could be carried out nn unfor tunate accident marred all. Her father discovered the truth. Hiw wir picionn were at onoc arounod, and looking into hi* daughtcr'8 apartment one night after she had ostensibly retired, he fouud it utioc cupiod. Rallying forth iu Huarch of her, ho tttnw upon tho lovers iu the grove. A. dimd fill Hcouu onsuoj, Wcl)<Mby tjnintecH ho young mail with the inferiority of bin position, mid charged him with wishing" to inavry his daughter that he might live without Inborn upon hi« father-iu-iaw'H raoan». Lynton npiritedly resented those insults, and Uie elder man finally struck him u terrible blow with a heavy oaue, uud he fell, apparently lifolesn, to the ground. Believing that he had killoil Lynton, 1V«J!<wby aeifced Iifs fainting daughter, Iwro her to tlie IIOUNC, laid her upon her ooucli, lockod the door upon her, nud telling liitf wife what ho hud done and hastily collecting a few uocetwiirinK, ho mounted hi« best horao and fled. Nothing wan heard from him uutil about a year a^o, when a letter was received from the wuncroitcmdcut of a charity hospital in Montreal, where he had died a poor out cast. Tho letter inclosed hit* will, in which crurything ho posacaacd wan loft to I5fHc» wlio had continued to reside at tho uld homertttid with no companion huvc a widowed aunt and the hired help who curried on tho farm, her luothor having died soon after WclleHby'tj flight. Nothing hod oyer booi ween or hoard of lior lover «inee that fatal uijjht, on which Iter father ntruck him. She believed liiin dead aud that her father, before takiii-r flight, hnd re turned to that dreadful Hjmt una buried the body of hifl victim; but. nil thin t^lic mid lier mother kept locked iu their own breasts. So to-dny, when, us *he nut with her mint ou tho piuzzu, a tall, browsed inau entered through the garden gate, came lip the grav elled walk, Nbood before her, and guzed in teutly into her eycH, she thought for a moment Hint it WON her lover'n ghost who kuw, und not the reiil Hurry I/yntm, for in the mature man of 30 year* she iimtaiitly recognised her boy iuli admirer of tou yearn ago, to whose memory (die had boon true through ull that lung de oade. It ik easy bi iinugiuc what immediately fid lowed, uiid the re.nt i» KOOU told. Lyntou had been merely tjtuiuied by Welle,sby'ri blow, and ou coming to himself he liad registered a vow to prove the injustice of WeUejsljy'n tauuts by ucvertuarryiug Effic und never oven accingor writing to lier again till lie hud inudc himself tinuucially lier equal. lie started tluit very night to work hit* way to the Pneifie Coiwt. There lie ftlripped ou bourd u vendel bound for AuutraUa, whence he drifted, tir^t toEmrland, and thenco to South Africa, where ho nnully brought up at the diamoud mine*. There, after a BcrioH of adventures, aud fiuaneial ups and dowuB that would furnudi material for a Hcoro of Itydor Haggard's novels, lie nt length fiocurcd a. claim that proved a rieh cue mid that he finally aold for enough to buy all hia intended father- in-law'** poggesftioiiH two or throo times over. Then ho Htartud on u bee-line to hi« old homo and Effie Wellesby, whose constancy lie nevor doubted for a mo ment. When next Harry Lyntou disappears from his Hwectheart'fl view it will l»e to go to Uniontown, the country seat, for a carriage license, und Effio Wellonby will bcoome Ettie Lynton boforo khe'fi a week older. The huu will never whino on a more charming bride, for in the mature *omaiiof twenty-six the dominant radiance of mxteen fa crowned by u pensive loveliness tlmt makes it even more l>eautiful. 