.gricultural Cossip. The federation haze whlich obscured the brains of Ihonorable members of the Legislative Assembly \when dealing with the Stock Tax question, entirely disap peared before the storm of tariff increases which swept the House last week. Nobody troubled to raise even thile ghost of fedora tion while dltty after duty was being agreed to which affect intercolonial interests just as mlluch as ever any stuck tax can. It is exceedingly peculiar that it slhouln be reckoned no sin to tax right up to the hilt, the timber, hops, and fruits of Tasmania, the timber, oats and barley of Noew Zealand and tihe fruit antd maizeo of Noew South Wales, while it is it serinus offence against all intercoloni:d rights to levy a dlecent dtuty on dead meat and live stock. Mont of its would hie lot in animzemnent at the wonderful logic of this arrangement did we not know that ai reason better than any logic lies in the background. It is not a love of the principle of fedenration which stunds in the way of a stock tax, but, as was fully exposed a short time back. it is thie self interest in the past of a, munher of influential persons in the States. Probably if Victorian capitdlists had as large a tmonetary interests in the fruit and timnber ani oats ainl maize industries of the other colonies as they have in their stations and grazing areas, they might have bhad the federation hghbear again trotted out to do duty as a sort of scarecrow against any proposal calcilated to extract money out of their ialready well filledl pockets. In securing the increased duties on wheat, naize aind hops as well as on noats and harley the-coulntry party secutred a very Ilandsome victory over the Government. Over thse proposals the Ministery were twice defeated but took their beating very kindly,n-becromnes a Government not likely to give tip the lnaves and fishes of ofhico without very strong compulsion. It is a pity, however, that the now duties are'not Irmittedi to come into force itmedilately. Several meetings have been -held in .the principal agrictittral centres protesting ugainst the delay. A great many farmers have, it appears, still most of last seasona' grain on hand and will suffera considerable losn, should the nhl nominal duties on cereals he retained nntil the end of December. There are good grainds for believing that large quantities of nato andi other grains are hleing shipped from New Zealand and OClifornia.whlich will keepti I muaticet down low until larvest timie, and it is abisrd for the Government to have held out on the point and "insisteud tihat tlhe farming class -wouhld not on ttisnaccount snffer lons. Some valuable information was brnmght to light at'the Fruit Convention whicll has Jnst conclinded its sittings in Melbnmrni. 'his was tile first itteilmpt ait lrin; 'ng the' fruit industry into prominent notice and if it will lead to nmore attention heing paid to the iumportant mlthject of fruit developmeant. the Convention will have served a veryr nusofnl pmreonse. One fatitmientiened which is worthy of more than passin, note was thIat Victoria still imports £1-140.000 wonrth of fruits from other cnontries annualli. Withll our fine climate, first-class soil, ;and alninst every requisite necessary to the proriletion of nearly e-very kind of fruit. we ought to hII larIe exnorters itnsta?t of importern. ividently there is great, morn for the develrpmnnt-nlf til industr btefore wim. e.lr n suipplr olr Inoal re"Ilirnumints. andl thit filut shold te a sitflicient inslute metot for fruit growers to expom:' their resnnl rrnvs. Sir. \Vliter Madtlun. l.T.A., takes such greiat iiltereot in tile ensilage qultsina that lie lih gone to tie trnlil, of alhirs-inui ai tleter on the sl-i?eet toi Ihis rin,ttituenis il thII, \\-Vimlt'ra n lit.4hnt. H- strongly ntie-r therm iito p t'irl. at nF the exerupliinn' inil elitn of at' lpring's n rnwth of grans fnIr'thi nilmriitir w"iieh mitr ni exiterlnP to n itmllr in te t?oll it-ii ..n iniio n i ni aniriltr im ntdt . t ain"?.i enilittei , ei lit in pitu inre lsks Thmo.' who follmv Mr. Maihle-ins ai v0io- ethiver in ll's own or onnI oIhr part of thl en'iur may isll sore that thei" will n-eire rem vet it. - While o ? mhits ni.c it, eras- he neMinnod lAnt "na onn?hibsr hInwi hniak; uitn~iltg ome valunahe hints and tinformation is heing pronawil by thi , Vegetuabthle Prndiits Cninniion. 18.t00 t-iioiin of the ptrislltote are to lie pri-ed, awl whill e flistritihteal anntng ill the uarienlitral societies that iitay apply for flleom. Taint vlur there was t potanto faminie in thle .lelbunnrn imaerkiI. when the iatires nlid for a short tnile at over £20 ia ton. This Yver the scarcity in inl onions. The crop last season seems to lave'lbeen a very loor one, at all events, tilhe locally grown article lihan not been near enugh l for the hlmlne consimmntionm and what nnions are now in the market have inal to ie iimnnrted froml San Francisco. and instead of the pri?le being from £7 to £10 a ton as is iusally tllhe case at tihis time of t'hle roar. onions cannot now be nhad untler £?fi andi £88 a ton. The pro"noets of thie shlep farners-n numblier of farmttrs now tend slheep as well as landle the lnllegh--lhave never looked Ihoter tlihn theti t ttlis senson, whieli will proiably tulrn oIt .tn he a're inarkaldly..good one. Though the nwinter has been a wet -onn . theore ins been no serinnla frnosts to nip thle grass?lhicll hias kept grnwing all thea iltio. The call for Stores on. accotnot of the abnlldanre of grnss hiln risen their prices and fat stnek s:ill prolbnlll fetch lower rates. Wnnl. lhowever, nmaintains a high figure, and the Inlnliing is proving very snceessfnl, and the percentage of amnts renred nwing to the favoralio season will he larger tihan usntl, and fihle wool -clip is expected to tie the heaviest for years. Farmners now kenep a behtter class of sheen enn the whonl than they saed to, and find it a great deal more prnfitable,. - Tlih fox pest is trithlling a numnibr of, shires in the cnliny. This species of the rodent faintly is bcomning ua- great a nusilnce ns time rahbit. Itnwas in datrledil Ihere, hl the weay, for tile sanl season, viz., as a pleauiro l sr pertsmnen, ilnd, of coullrse, is easily dlegenerated into a plagieo to farmers. Tin sioenop districts they are veriy lestrhetiveO tolambstn. No feneu can keeop tiieiii ont--a poworflll fox heing able to clear a six footfonceawitl a lamb in Ihis mouth easily. 