LAURA ETIIHERIDGE. The scene, so novel and so entertaining engaged her youthful fancy. She knew thatunder those various and grotesque disguises the aristocracy, celebrity, beauty, and fashion of the town were present. Some, from the peculiarity of their figure, gait, and manner, the duchess was enabled to identify and point out to her young charge. 'That fine-looking woman, dressed as the Goddess Diana, is the beautiful Duchess of.Dorningtou, my love. ' Yes; there:is no:mistaking her .grace ful carriage. But who is that- stately woman in'the character of Cleopatra ?' ' I think the Margravine ofAnspach; there is the Margrave, as 'Mare Antony.' 'And that Georgian-looking beauty, dressed as a Sultana?' 'Hush.] speak low ! one, my dear, Who bartered her woman's fame for a prince's· fickle favour, and lost both-the celebra ted Mrs. Fitzreville,' . i. SRose crimsoned and became silent. That lady's name, for praise and blame, had flown far over England, and reached .'even Rose's distant home. Rose walked on in embarassed silence, until the ever changing kaleidoscopic scene again raised her curiosity,. 'Oh, can you tell mie who is'that veiled beauty, dressed as -an Eastern Princess, and wafting all the perfumes of Arabia as she walks?' 'Yes; she is the be utiful Mrs. Biscoe, lately returned from Constanitinople. She •has taken the- character of ' Nourmahal, the Harem's Light.' You remember tlhe Feast of Roses, in 'Lallah -Rookh ?" 'Yes,".' . ' . : They passed on. Breakfast tables, covered with all thie luxuries of the season, were set at intervals about the lawn. A large number of masked figures in white dominoes officiated as masters of the ceremonies, and stood in readiness to marshal the guests to the tables.' It :was rumored 'that they only awaited the Sarrival of his Royal Highness the Priice' of Wales, who was to honor the fete with his presence. This - was the first the Duchess of Beresleigh had heard of the anticipated presence of the prince, and the rumour somewhat disturbed her; but she consoled herself with the thought that, in a crowd "of five'hundred people, her party might . easily escape royal notice. A little after dne o'clock, an. agitation that moved the multitude as the winds sway the waves of ithe sea, announced that the prince had arrivsd, though he could be identified only by his hostess and the very few othibers who were in t!he secret of his disguise.'.' The signal was given for breakfast, and the'masters.of the 'ceremonies began to arrange the guests at the various tjbles. The masks were not laid aside even diiring that long feast, which made the business of eating and drinlking rather inconvenient and awkward. •At the close of the breakfast the iables were swept away as if.by magic, and"the business and pleasure of the day com menced. " Music, dancing, waltzing, games, and singing went forward everywhere over the grounds and in the house. The duchess and her party remained as spectators only, not wishing to enteir into the active amusements of a .compatiy where all the figures were: maskied and most of them quite tinknownil " '' At. length' an. enterprise :,:.tsas opened in which the, duchess thought herself and party' might. safely join. A number of young children, dressed as fairies 'and without 'minask~s, came round among thegrests to distiit?iute tickets for a grand lottery, to be drawn in the drawing room of the villa at four'o'clock. ' The duchess, her daughters, and Lady Etheridge,,took tickets; .and as thehour of draiwing was dear. at hand, they repaired to the house. A crowd was already Saround the wheel. Many blanks,i with a "few trifling' prizes,' were., drawn.' The crowd .of ticket-holders, and, also of uninterested 'spectators, pouired into the '?hoiuse, .filling up'.th'e halls and roomns. "The 'second prize was drawn by the Duchess of Gerald--it was an emerald ring bfsreat value.. .The crowd pressed near to see it;: and Lady Etheridge felt herself forciljly separated from the.Duch: iess of Beresleigh, and pressed onwards :'towards ithe' wheel. 'Her number was called,out. Expectation was on the qioi 'vive. She drew, arid oh~tained the':firsi prize-a goldilocket set round with dia monds of inestimable v-lune. . S, he blushed deeply at her:success,.'ind turi'ed; the jewel about as if in seareb'; of th'e 'secret otf nfasteningit,: whei sli "felt herself touched upon the shoulder. She' turned, and siaw a lady masked, and in the costunii"of Minerva. .with helmet, shield, and spear, staindinig near her, who stooped and whispered-' ~: ' , . :' "'It' opeis with a spring; press the dia mond .there under the. ring, and it will fly open; but donotopen it here'.' -L.. ':"Rose' disturbed at" being addressed by a steanoger, looked:rouid for hler piart, but could. not see them antwhere, the crowd -had entirely cut her off from their com .pany. " SYou are in"search 'of the Duchess of 'Beresleigh? I willconduct you toi her side,' said.the masked lady. : ' "'Thahk you;. I shall be very much obliged,' answered Rbse. :? f Follow me, then, if you please,, said the :unknown, leading the way--first through the drawing-rooin, ! where the lot tery. had just been ended, thence.thrioigh a room fitted up with.musical instruments of every description, and in which a num ber of opera-singers were performing for the amusement of a portion of the com. pany, to the door of an adjoining apart-; ment, which she opened, saying .-'The Duchess has gone into this room to rest and refresh herself; enter, and you! will find her.' . Rose crossed ithe thieshold, and found. ,herself in a luxurious apartnent, fernished; in the Turkish.style, with ottomans, cush-. ions, and- other voluptuous accessories.i In the midst of the room stood a richly gilded table, laden with rare wines, fruits,' jellies, and sweetmeats. There was no one in the apartment,, and Rose looked around, expecting the re.appearance of the Duchess of Beresleigh. Supposing that she had, perhaps, only retired for a few moments, Rose felt no uneasiness, but seating herself upon an ottoman, touched the spring of the locket for the purpose of examining it. The case flew open, and revealed the minature of the prince, set in' brilliants. On the reverse side were the words-'L'Amour est l'Ange due Alotde.' Flushing with confusion and alarm, Rose turned to leave the room and seek the duhcss elsewhere when her purpose was prevented by the entrance of a mask in the costume of Phoebus Apollo, who advanced towards her, saying SApollo greets Aurora; the Sun salutes the Morning Star.' 'The Morning Star always disappears with. the Rising of the Sun,' answered Rose, gliding towards the door,' 'Nay pause beautiful one ! He is no stranger that addressesyou. -Behold I and the unknown lifted his bat, revealing his features. 'The prince l exclaimed Rose, in dis may. 'The prince indeed; buit your most humble servant and subject, lovely Queen of Hearts !' answered his Royal highness,. The heart of Rose beat fast with agi tation and terror; yet controlling herself by a great:effort, she curtsied deeply to the heir of the.Crown, and speaking with the most respectful coldness, she said .' I am fortunate in having this oppor tunity of returning to your royal highness a jewel which could only have reached my hands through the greatest mistake.' . And she laid the locket upon the table before:' him, and turned to-leave tie room. But he took her hand, and reseated her upon theottoman, saying:-5- : .... Nay, resais the gift, most- beautiful Rose, and behold the giver at your feet:' ; ,And then, with the gracei: ferVour, and eloquence?. f-.which :he:'was: the perfect master, he told, tid perhaps, the hundreth hearer, the oft-repeated tale of his '.tin changeable love'--a. prince's love. ' A prince's' love a p:ljrince's insult.! an insult as deep, coming from your royal highness as though it had been offered to thelowest in your doriinionas !' exclaimed Lady Etheridge, indignantly, as she arose to depart.. ' Stay, enchanting girl ! even your aus terity does but make you the more dharm-' ing. ' Anger is the severest test of beauty, and your beauty bears it well. You are divine in anger. Hear me, then. I know. that you are the last. Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne, but-?-.?: :, 'If I were the humblest cottage-girl in England my answer.should be ihe same. Will your royal highness be pleased to let me pass ?' - 'One moment, lovely girl. I .was abbut to say that I know;you' are the Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne, and that.there is littlg'fli?t venr ap Irince carl offer to exalt your station, but if the rank of an English duchess could win one smile from those cherub lips, it should be yours.' 'And if your royal highness could offer me the rank bfI' quieen my answer must still be the same. No. crown would-be come a womari's brow discrowned of honour !' said Rose, with generous..indig-. nation. . . The prin ccnbifinued to gaze upon the beautiful young monitress, but the expres. sion of his countenance had changed from admiration to wonder and reverence. No one ever felt a'deepe;."veneration foi. purity,, whenever he found it, than this. nituiYally hofiorble, bit tiin'ch 'jirv'eried prince. Something in the changed ex pression of his face appealed deeply-rto the sioral sebnsibilitieiof Rose> She spoke as frbri'liaspifration " 'Your royal highness has wounded. my. ears with word ithat':av'e distressed: and" humniliated me beyond measure; but if,, ip the grief.and.,vexation of my soul, .I have forgoettn 'e' ldistance between the subject and ih'e'sonof her sovereign,:and replied i oth mdore ,armih arid respect,.I earnestly. entreat y up~p? ardon, a'nd solicit jourper. m isasoa to speak. ,?fei wordd s of sober firoth:,' a hing, I am told,' that seldom' reaches the ears of princes.' Go on,.fair preacher, Truth can never be~i.jslvely .oruniwelcome, presented by so beautiful an advocate.' 'You are the prince,-thehehir of the crown, the hope, the stay, the example of a great nation; your rank is royal, your person sacred., .Oh, prince, be princely l Be all thatisimeapnt in that word princely. After we have said of a model man that he is ,wise,,good, and:great; that-he is brave, geper:ous, ,andemagnanimous,; weisay, 'as the ;superlative of: all .thesei:, that: hbe:is: princely.'',Ohyprince, :beprincely I':; ,i Andso aospeaking, twith-her beautiful countenance exalted to fervid enthusiasm, Lady Etheridge passed from the room, while the ey'e's:df cth'e'piric4follobe5l.her with a gaze full of admiration, wonder, and reverence::" i: -i ' -N " ": He 'did not again attempt to- detain her. "r This admiration of, heir ;iirtues only? strengthened his desire to win her heart. He, puled thebhell-rope impatiently, and a page entered.?p,: ,*, -, ._ .. •: 'Send my equerry hither,' was the order of:his rbyal:liighness? The page bowed lowed and disappeared. '':A"ifew' fiiiiiuies( elaipjsed,"iin'd' Colonel McElroy entered the presence withl .ideep reverence. The pmceiregarded him wth an angry and sarcastic expression, saying- (':.' PhhiV:' o.on'igratul'at e your, sir, on the eminent successa. of, youir-;nhnd: stratagem I . 'Your royal highness hissta least obtained an intervieiw with" the lady; which was alllhat Iv could pledge myself fo r;4plie'thd "equerry," bending lIwly.i ,hAi ths is die result I' ?said, the prnce, angrily, taking up and throwing: down the locket 'She has returned my 3ift with a gtratuitous lecture.' 'Perhaps m more costly) offering wduld, have been acceptable.' 'I do ,not believe her smiles can be bought.' : 'Pardon r~e, :your royal highness.did not, perhaps, bid high-enough.' 'I do not .believe her smiles can be bought !' angrily reeitfaldiiiief prince. 'Pardon, once more, your royal high ness; it is but a question of. more or less expense, of shortei?6r l6ng'r: iiin'.' ,'I offired.her the rank ofalduchessL.; ' h'is likely to obtaiin that by a mar. riage, and without the aid of your royal highness.' ' What then was left for me to do ? cI could not teiiit'her<'as'I did Fitzgrevill' -with the rank of a princess and the Prospective rank of a queen.' a t ' No, your royal highness-- it, is, rather too late in the dayfor" tifat.' SWlhat,,theniis :to, ,?e done ? :,What the demon d yo;oi mean by your talk of the conquest-of this woman being a mat-. ter of more or less expense and of shorter or longer time ? Byy'my soul,; sh'e 'isihe most enchanting creature I ever saw. Tell. me, what is to be done'?' i' Ifiypur:rpyal, highness would trust to me-` 'What, after two failures.' 'With submission to your royal high nes, I: 'vwouiild humbly suggest that this second:. stratagemi hasV scarcely been a failure" on :my;part, since, it has accom plished all that it promised--an interview with the lady.' ' That is true; and. if the. interview proved unsuccesfu'il jyo(m ;mre. riot to be. blamed, I suppose,' said the prince. McElroy bowed in'nswer,; adding-. 'Nor should your royal highness be discouraged with the manner in which the lady met your advances. 'She was unpre pared, surprised; she was not perhaps so accustomed to be wooed'as your royal highness is to winning. And perhaps you had not discovered the way to her heart?' ' Then, why the demnon do you inot dis cover it for tie? What else do. I keep, you for ?' demanded the provoked prince. 'To serve your royal highness to the best of my poor ability, as becomes your humble servant. And, if your royal high. ness will deign to leave this affair exclu sively in my hands, giving me authority to conduct it as I see fit, I think I can pledge myself to bring it to a successful issue.' 'Then I give you a carte blanche to do as you please in this matter, with one proviso, that you do nothing unworthy of the prince . 'On my head be it if I do I' exclaimed this zealous and unscrupulous instrument of the royal: will and pleasure, as:h: men tally formed, against the peace and honor of Lady-Etheridge, a plan the' most dia bolical that';erei-entered the head of tman or 'fiend. : Meantime, :-the subject of this .plot, .hurrying thiough the music-room; and. through . the drawing- rooms, everywhere sought the duchess of Beresleigh, whom she. found at last at the hall door. 'Well; my love, I have been seeking you all over the house and grounds for thelast two hdurs; but believing. you to be most probably within the villa, I took myposition here like any porter, as the most likely place to see you as you should pass out. But what on earth is the matter? You are pale and trembling. You are agitated. You are ill. What has hap pened to alarm or distress you. my love?' exclaimed the duchess, on observing the greatly disturbed appearance of Rose. 'Oh, madam, let us go hence ! let us return home at once I' exclaimed Rose, excitedly.. i' Willingly; it has been a pleasant day upon the whole, but I, also, am tired. I willn'ot ask you for an explanation of your distress until we have reached the privacy of your own -dressing-room at Beresleigh House,' said her grace. SThe carriages were ordered, and the duchess and her party.prepared to return, While they stood waiting, the duchess sought to cheer her drooping young friend. Pointing to the beautiful and varied land scape of hill and dale, and grove and river, all bathed in the clear sunlight of a June afternoon, she said- 'Do but look up, Rose. What a glor ious day: With what a lively green the fields and groves are clothed;. how deeply blue and clear the sky, how high the dome of heaven.' Rose looked, and heaved.a sigh. 'A h, madam; so Iithought when we came out this imorning. Now, alas I might s;:ay, ?w?ithy-Hamlet, 'It goes so heavily with my disposition, that this goodly 'frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory; this most excellent canopyi; the air-lool y'ou-thib birave, o'erhanginig firmament, this niajesticdalrtif fretted with golden fire--why it appears no other thing to me than a foul and I~stilent congregation of vapors.' The carriages now came up; the duch ran ad her party entered, and were driveni home to Beresleigh House. k'Her grace lost no time in seeking Lady Etheridge in the dressing-room of the laiter. : Now, my love, that we are alone, you may- tell me what so distressed you at the villa's O;'Oh, madam, an event that makes it necessarythat I should beg your grace td absolve me from my promise- of. spending the seasori sith you, and to sanction .my immediate returi to Swinbuirne Ca;alle,, said Rose ex'citedly. 'Explain, my love, said the duchess. S(Lady "Ethe'idge,. vith i'dsep blushes, reiated 'the d~tiils of lier infoluntary inter view with the prince. 'Ah, I see it all now. The breakfast, the,: masked- promenade, the:?, lottety, all was- got. up, for ,,the especialzpurpose of bringing. about. your .meeting ,bwith: his royal:-highness.-, There _1areb men .and women, too, I! am -sosryitoi.sayi :ofitlte highest rank,: whotthus-:lend themselves to the purposes of royalty. You are riglif, iny lode. ~ie:'irust:leave town; but we shall go not to Swinburne Castle, but to;: Ileesleigh: Court:, Wheri-I :shill still clanim-- you as my guest,' said the' duchess:! . ,-" And this b course wvas immediately decided up'bn. But an' unloreseen event; that shall:be related in the next chapter,' -prevented the 'contemplated journey, and turned the fate :of our heroih'e. - : 1 -: : ' \- CHATER. XX.' THE next morning, while L;ady Etlieridge .was -engaged 'in giving directions to hei maid in regard to-the packing of her costly .jewellery, preparatory Ito her journey into the country;,a letter-was!laid before her, which; opening, she found to be the appointment of herself as maid of honour.to the queen, with a command td her .to repair immediately to Windsor, wher'ethe cotrts was theni residti?g, W ith' the letter iri, ier lhand, Rost went 'oihe dire''sing-rdtom of the dh etihss,:anid, beinig'gdniitted, laid it before her grac. My dear, this is fortunate. You need nobt -ow'leave town 'the court of Queent Charlotte will be a refuge'. said the duch etssnitlia ~ s'iile. Rosa answrbed that smile with a brighter one. Youniig, 'beafitiiul, wealthy, and noble-queen of beauty and of fashion in her first --London season, shb was well pleased .tbe delivered from the necessity, of leavingtown at the very acme of her social tribi;bih.: -' - 'You need not countermand your pack ing, my dear, as you must take your ward robe to Winsdor with you;'of cours ,' said theduciesi~-:- . ; ' When should I leave?' .in.qqired Rose. - ) ,' To-morrow afternoon; at farthest. ' I ahall' go down in- a few.days 'afteir:ybu. -Now, run away and superintend your pre. paiatiodns.' . Andlthe interview closed. The evieninig of the same day the tall, thin, dark figure of a man, with his coat collar turned up and his hat pulled down over his brow, might have been seen treading some of the narrowest courts and alleys in'one of the most crowded parti-of central London. He paused before a great dilapidated hlouse that had, in the olden times, been the town mansion of a proud prelate; but, long fallen from its high estate, it was a tenement crowded with beggars, tramps; and thieves, who, alter pursuing all day long their nefarious trades through the streets, retired here at night, some to cat, drink, and sleep, some to concoct new plans of robbery, and others to hide from the pursuit of the law, for as yet the character of this house wis an known: to the police, and its mouldertng walls afforded some refuge for fugitives. 'Disgusting place I Whatever can Roberts be here for now? For nothing that has brought him much profit, or he would not remain ; he would get out of the country,' said the man, as he entered the wide open Ihall-door, and picked his way, loathingly, along a lofty passage and up a broad staircase, common to all the tenants of the building, and as filthy as the foulest outside alley, or the most neglected stable-yard. The only moli fication was, that on every successive landing, the dirt was a little less thick and moist, as thounh the adhering contamin ations from without had gradually fallen off from ascending footsteps. From the open doors of every room in this house, squalid children tumbled in and out, and the querulous voices of angry, drunken, or suffering men and womend, were heard. Through all this the visitor passed up to the third floor, and turned to a door on the right, and gave a peculiar rap. 'Come in,' said a very pleasant, manly voice. The visitor entered a large front room', dark, dingy, and scantily fuirnislied, yet: free from the dirt that defiled the lower rooms and passages. 'Eh I what the deuce, Roberts; that was your voice, but where are you?'; inquired he, looking about him,. in the' semi-obscurity of the apartment. ' Here,' answered the same clear, soft voice, as the owner emerged from somd dark corner and opened' the window-. shutters, letting in a sufficiency of light to' reveal the room and its meagre furniture -a large four-posted bed, with dark and: tattered green curtains, a worm-eaten oak' table and ricketty chairs. The occupant was 'a well-dressed,! handsome, fair-haired man, with a singtis larly sweet, happy, and open expression of coentenance. ' Welcome, most noble Mac, to the old palace of the lords bishops of Ely. It is many centuries since the followers of a court honored its halls with their pre sence,' said the inmate of this room, ad vancing to meet his visitor. 'Eh, good Heavens, William, what has brought you, the greatest epicurian on earth, to this beastly place ?' exclaitned the visitor, in dismay. 'Necessity, good Mac; iecessity, which knows no law. But I may a'sk, in my turn, what brings the most assiduous courtier of the day into this same beastly place?' 'Remotely, the same - necessity; proximately, your note of this morning.' 'Aye, my note. Iwrote to you by a trusty messenger to send me ten pounds; I thought you would have sent.it.' ' I chose to bring it. I have been for days in search of you, and considered my self very lucky this morning in receiving your note.' 'Even though it costyqu ten pounds,' laughed the fair-haired man. 'Even so,' said the other, going to the door and securing it. Theh;ireturning to the side of William Roberts, helsaid- .:1 'I wish to engage you in an enterprise of some danger, but much profit..'. : .. 'You know, Mac,' said the s'oft-spoken man, 'that danger is a decidedly objec tionable element in any enterprise in which I am to be engaged.' ; ., 'Oh, I know, William, thaWc'&urage; is not among your vices, but avarice is cer tainly one of your noblest .virtiies,; and' this adventure, if it has the:least spice iof danger, has also the largest promise; of profit.' 'Explain.' ' I will, darklly. For intance, a certaitn: nobleman has become desperately enamoured of a certain beautiful("girl,. without parents or guardians to protect her. He cannot marry the girl, upon account of our national prejudice in:favor; of a man having but one wife, and .she.is: not to be won on any other terms. - morrow afternoon this girl' ta'kes - jour?ey to Windsor in a post-chaiise, 'wijhl'o attendant but her maid -and ?omfotian. She must be 'waylaid, and carried:off.' : The fair-hairec, soft-spoken minapn, shook his head, murmuring- : 'Ugly business ! ugly b?usiness II'ydur nobleman privy to thi't's proceeding?':;: 'Nay, now, William;', you do iot show your usual perspicacity ' My::lord .will do nothing, and permit nothingto, be done, unworthy.of a-nobleman. 'But yet he would 'iavail .himself'of';ainri?' circumstance that placed this girl in his' power ?' 'Nay, I do not even:'say?that; but what I say is, that I shall plac' this beaity in his power, and give him the opportuniity and the choice of playing;,the desperate: lover or the magnanimous hero.' 'Perilous I but what aid did you.re quire from me personally ?' ? ' ' 'Such aid only as shall make you 'personally' perfectly safe. You must engage six or eight of your most resolute companions. They must start for Windsor to-morrow morning, and go on until they, reach Hounslow Heath. Tlhere, at some convenient place, they must disguise and mask themselves, and lay in wait for the post-chase containing this girl and:hir servants, stop it, bind the servants, and carry off the the girl. This must be effected without bloodshed, and with as little violence as possible.' 'Difficult, my dear Mac ! very difficulil But my own part seems to be very easy only to send down these fellows, and, I suppose, be their paymaster.' ' Nay, not quite so easy as that, either, William.-:"Yiut'incd.I must go down to' Houhisli'W';' H' stj aflttd le' farither .on to wairds'Windsor, say; itihat piece of wvood half a miei'from the ' Magpie,' and rescue this young lady from the:ruffians.' 'Rescue 'ber? I don't undeistand I Why in the world sbould she be carried off if we are to resuce her ?' 'Simply for that very purpose-that we may rescue her. This enamoured noble-t man, of whom. I speak, is a man of the highest honour. He would never coun tenance' violence. "if youir 'iuffians, for instance, 'after. carrying? off' the beauty, were:to carry'her. to him, she would be sent back in honour to'hed friends, atid 'they ould lie transpoi'ted foi thei.? p?ios.: But if you and myself should be so fortunate asto rescue this beauty from the hands of the robbers, at a spot near the counmtry house owned by this nobleman, and carry her to that house as a safe refuge for the night, there is no law of honour to prevent my lord from receivlng her witti the mbst "exigent hospitality, and rewarding her gallat deliverers with princely munificence.' ' 'With 'princely munificence ' 'I under stand it all now, my dear Mac.' 'Pray understand no more than is necessary to carry out our plans, which; you see have onky the least flavour of the spice of danger for your friends, and none at all for yourself. You have only to help me to rescue a young lady from the power of thieves, who will be instructed only to make a show of resistance. You will have all the glory and profit, and none of the datiger, ' ' Humph I And this profit, dear Mac ?' 'Five hundred pounds, when the lady' is safe at the country house of which I spoke.' 'I am your man, dear Mac. And now as it is dark' enough without for me to emerge from my inner obscurity, I will go out and beat up the necessary recruits. You can find me in this roomn again to. morrow morning, dear Mac, for, like ghosts, that vtsit the glimpses of the itoont,' I have to get back into my grave, this house, as soon as it is light without. Ah, Mac ! times have changed since you and I served togetherin the 45th. I have gone-down, down, down; you-up, up, up. I hide in the darkness of an old rookery; yqu bask in the sunshine of a court.' 'It is your our fault, William. You have twice the genius that Ihliave, but you are too effeminate, ':too much afraid of labour, pain and 'danger. What you would do must be done in profound secrecy, and is done with so much caution and hesi tation as to the defealits.purpoi?e; If you had an enemy, Williamn, that' your, were obliged to-get rid: of, you wouild :not chall~enge hiinmanid .run him ;thirofighl the body, as I should, becacise :ys~ would not like to see his!bidod:fMw, and WiJould veriy imiudh. dislike 'to. have8 your: o'wn spilled. No, you vould get iid iof yuur enemy, by admiinistering 'to him Lsome slbiv, sweet poisoni, that:shohuld bring. on ??a gentle decline, and, easv; ppailess .dei'ath; Nay I c6uil even i?iagine you silting by the bed smooshinig :the pillows, anid' sothirg': the laist hoirs of that enemy whom you had sp.o gently conducted.to death- you are so benevolent as sell as so efferiinhate.' T?heTair-haired man smiled softly and lbrightly, murmuring ':You were always a flatterer, dear Mac; even before you dreamed of becoming-a courtier. They shook hands and parted. - , ' A desperate crisis when a man. feels. himself driven to an act, for which he does not know whether he shall be rewarded or reviled,' murmured the personage cilledl' Maci as he descendedthe stairs. That same evening the Duchess of Bresleith and her famnily wSenit to' ite~te~' House,:where Lady Lester received~the elite ,of society. They went early, intend¢ ing to return early., AnAd, again, the two: young women-the antipodes of the social ,world--met, to be the .rival stars of the assembly-Rosamond, Lady Etheridge of Swinburne, a snow-white, golden- haired, blue-eyed, and rosy-lipped beauty; and Laura Elmer, the governess, a tall, dark, brilliant brunette and genius-the poetess of the day. The humble position of Miss Elmer was not known or suspected beyond the families of Beresleigh and Lester. Lady Lester, as I said, patronised Miss Elmer as the influential friend of the Baroness Etheridge, and society accepted Miss Elmerat the hands'of Lady Lester. That evening, as usual,.the. Duke-of, Beresleigh avoided. Lady Etheridge, leas-, !nig heir to be attended and followed: by a troup df'adorers, while he hiinself divided hi'giferi'tiodn inipartially a'bong the ladies ot his acquaintance present. ' ,;' ::: .. Rose was principally surrounded by as 'pirring b'ichblois aind wido'yers,;i'aid'. atheir anxious: mtrothers: und sistersu;',and, Laurk by the litterateurs, who were, with an odd mixtureofcuriosity, jealousy, and admira-. tion,, welcomipg .a new comer: into their, Olympian sphere, and by others who. 'without having any literary jealousy 'or ti~tiin'onial d?esigns, simply delighted inm the conversation of a birilliant woman;'or were proud of knowing a poetical celebrity. Sir 'iincent Lester was .present, l?but looking so ill arid' so pre-occupied, as to draw upon'.himself the.notice and the sofly murmured criticisms of ,iany piresenat; until at leingth, Lady Lester, obs'ervingithese things, went aind whijspered to him her' advice :that be should': plead itndispositionp; 'and:. retire. ,And ,, Sir: .incent, glad s to? escape, immediately followed her counsel. SLad~i, Lester, ih waitcin" the moodiness 6f Sii' Viincent for t!ie' last' f?se days, was iin 'serious anxiety i'for his health iianid reason.;.and could find n:o so!ution:foir the.problens. ,'.. '... . 'While Lady, ester wo(. thus seeking and not findinr.g d'ot the tru:e epl'siaitio' if the baroliet's" unieasiness, her: son :RuthvericnLester,: by patience :and per; severanceein ·vcatching .and availing him-. self of the first opportunity, had succeeded in detaching- Lady Etheridge from all others, and leading her into:the recess of a b'riwiodow, where, with the confidence afa'young man on adinirfible: terms with himself, he declared his 'piassion, and nmade.a formal offer of his hand;. ')''Lady Ethberidge;:y inwardly amused 'at his "self-co?nceit, tlalsed '-hiiii for:'tli honor.hc.intended ,her; but begged leave to d'eclifie it? 'Anid :wh'ei : the "yturig gentleman would have pressed his suit, she terainiiid-eihfiainteriview tby rising and joifingithe compafly. :. ;::. " '.( ::: c And soon after the Duchess of Beres leigh ordered her icifiriage, anid they re turned home. ., , An engagement to a breakfast given by the Hon. Mrs. Hallam, at her villa, near Fulbham, occupied .the forenoon of the next day, so that it was between four and five o'clock o'clock that Lady Etheridge, accompanied only by her maid, entered her carriage to set out for Windsor. The ride that afternoon was through one of the.most beautiful suburbs. of the town; and up over the green meadows and shady groves:bordering the river. It: was quite dark when the carriage reached Hounslow,: and stopped sto water the horses at the Hotel y'.1Mylady wishes to rea'ch Windsor in good.time to.night.. Are the roads safe ? asked the coachman. -'A;e, aye, the- roads be well enough; but there hasn't been a tr~velling carriage passed the heath for the last week that hasn't been stopped by footpads. And a pirty'of ve'ry siupicious-lobking characters went by here a couple of hours ago. ~You'd a deal better stop where you are for the night,' answered the ostler, as he held a pail of water for the 'nigh' horse to drink. The latter part of his speech counter acted the former, for the coachman immediately came to the conclusion that there lurked.an'interested m6tive ior this' forewarning; so, instead of" communicat ing it ti$ Lady Etheridge, he replied-? .:Oh-! I.think we will try to:getn.po,;at least as far as 'the !.Magpie,' where we can sleep,' if necessary. And.gathering up his'reins, hli'drove on. ' ' They were soon' out iipon the open lea!hl, where: nothing could hbe'more weird; drea'ry, .-:and desolate than the aspect of heaven and earth, The sky was overclouded, dark, and lowering not a sitiile star was visible. The heath was bare, lone, and,shadowy, from the murky centre to the obscured horizon. The only sound was that of the solitary carriaged, as it rolled:along the night road. Yet no sense of fear troubled the heart of Lady Etheridge; she had heard nothing of the ruriours of outlying footpads, and was ignorant of the warning given by the people at I-Iounslow. She was lying back among the cushions in that dreamy, luxurious state, induced by being carried along with any easy, rapid motion through the darkness, when sud denly and silently the carriage was stopped and surrounded by dark, masked figures. Lady Etheridge, hier heart paralysed with extreme terror, sat transfixed and speech. less, while her maid uttered scream upon scream. The same instant the coachman fired one shot from his d'uble-harrelled pistol, and was about to fire another, when he was mastered and disarmed. ' Yield quietly, and no harm shall befall you,' said one of the assailants, as they threw down and.gagged and bound the struggling man. The door of the carriage was then opened,' and the inmates summoned to come forth. Lady Etheridge, controlling her exces; sive terror, drew off her diamond ring, took off her watch and chain, drew out her purse, and offering them all to the men, besought them to set her coachman at liberty, and let her proceed upon her journey. But the loud screams of-the maid drowned at once her proffer and their reply. 'Stop the mouth of that screeching vixen, and let us hear what the lady says/ commanded a leader among the assailants, and in another instant the poor screaming maid was seized, gagged, bound, and laid by the side of the helpless coachman, with the taunting words ' Misery loves company, my lass.' Lady Etheridge was again summoned to come forth; but, controlling her agita tion, shi said ' Listen to me. Here is all the money and jewellery that I have about me; take it all,'t free nimy servants, and let us pursue our jdu'rney. 'Yeisniy ,lady; certainly, your lady ship,' said the leader, pocketing the offered valuables, and gently, but forcibly, lilting Lady Etheridge from the carriage. Resit?Stni?e ofn 'her part was perfectly vain; exppstulation was equally useless. Half .fainting with terror, she was borne alongand.forced into another close car siage, where sih; sank among the cushions, utterly oiericdnie by horror. The carriage started and:she felt herself borne swiftly onward through the darkness- whither,'she dared not even guess She felt herselfin the 'po'wer of unscrupulous ruffians and she prayed for speed' death as for the least evil that could befall her. Intense terror takes no account of time. It seemed to her that she had been driven through the darkness for an eternity of anguish, when suddenly the gallop of horses were heard,a pistol was fired, torches blazed around the carriage, and ai; sonorous voice called out- ... :- I: ' Stop, villains, on your lives I' At lihe samiie moment the heads of the liorses were seized, and the driver, as if struck with a'ainiic,'spraig from the box and fled.n.:: harc Ti...Tsis, is; deliverance ! Oh, Thank heaven! (cried Lady Etheridge, nearly swooning under the strong reaction of feelting. ~: .The?cairiage door was then opened, and Iatll, dark military-looking man, holding a tsrch.in lhis hand, appeared; a'd, 'bowin'!ig to th6 occupant, said 'Are you "uninjured ?' 'i.'Oh, quite, Ifthank you,' replied Rose, still.too strongly agitated to require an ex planatibn of this unexpected rescue. ' iThji iscreants have fled, young lady \--even-thelfellow that was upon the box but it yo'ud.wsill kindly tell us where you wish to be driven, I will gladly perform thie dsity'fofu?our coachman.' r 'iWe were oniour way to Windsor when we were stoppedi!;said Lady Etheridge,. .,'.Vindsor;;youare entirely out of the road, madam, Windsor lies some filteen iileis' off'to thet'left, and the cross-roads aredifficult and dangerous travelling by night ti ' ,'?eni wihere: is,the Magpie Inn, whicli my unfortunate 55servants thought we coul?ra'cli by supper time ?' :'"Th TtieNi'ple'"Inn, madam, is on the Lbndon'"ar'il"Windsor road, full twenty miles from tihis spot,' . I ,"'Then" I:Ihaveibeen taken very. far out of my iw sa,: id Lady Etheridge, id perplexity. go.in ' Sonie nightee'W miles, I should judge, madam.' ' ' ' Indeed, .I'do' not know. what to do, exclainid Rose,!in perplexity. ' Then, as a bright ihouight flashed through her brait? shi.esadid' Yes, late as it is, I will request you:to:drive me 'directly to the nearest justice of the peace,. if you know of one in this neighbourhood.' ' Certainly, madam, under all circum: stances, the wisest plan; it is the very advice I should have offered had.I dared to counsel,' said the stranger. .You know one then ?' gladly inquired Roset ' Yes, my lady; there is Squire Howlet, of Howlet's Close, about.a mile from this spot; he is a very zealous magistrate, and "will not mind being knocked up to receive such important .information as of this daring violence.' 'I am the more anxious to see a magistrate as soon as possible, that I nia send:assistance to my unfortunate servants said Lady Etheridge. ' And--pardon me, where were they, left, miadam ? 'Ih'Tia:'tiin atck wi:iabb,?b' fl?'fe-iiiiddl of the heath, and half-way between thd Hounslowv Ho'tel andtthd(Mag?pe Ijinfs(al nearly as I can judge.' : .Ot ,dangerouslly,-vounded, .I"h'opei -my,,lady ? , :' ',, . -'No' N;qtiie:unhurt,I' believe,- b ? inf d and gagged, and desperately fihfii???; id besides being exposed.. to the damp night' air'thattmay6f istselffie.. iet, ilth' of the woman. The-,T ' IIcoachman; :iohbpei is more in;id to exp-oosure. I ::..:!?!.. ' We will drive 5immediately, top the magistrate's, and send assistance?, :,Iiwill take the boxk,u, :t,, ,:;s I W::,Will you;first kindly informome to whom I am so deepily inhdebted?)' inquired the lady . . , : , ' My name,,nimadan , is M'ICarthy' Cq??nel M'Carthiy, of the; iuth Infantry: My companion, here, is Captain.Roberts. I must entreat you to be so kind as to give linm a seat in your. carrsgiag; as.his testimiony. will .be necessary befobre dhe magistrate., : Roberts, comethiithe .:' , The person named had hitherto-kept in thie'badk-grounid, but.now advainc.tl 'o the side of the'carriage .. :': ' :'" ' ":It' liapeii?id that' tlii" fia~"Oi "'Lady Etliheridge wvas ' partly iave?rici ' when Roberts came up. And I'6'ibrtli no'.ooner caught sight of that face than he started and retreated precipitately. ' ~. ' . ' Excuse me one moment; imiadar; 'saiid the man who called himself M'Carthy, bowing and hurrying after Roberts. - Lady Etheridge had seen nothing that passed in that mnoment in which her eyes were averted. M'Carthy hurried after Roberts. ' Roberts, what was the. matter ? you ran away as if from the face of a constable instead ol that of a pretty wdman' 'What was the meaning of it? ' ' SRoberts was too miuch agiitted .to answer at once, ,but , after struggling violently with sonme strong inward emotion he asklted 'Who is this lady whom we are en gaged in deceiving ?' 'Nay, her name is a profound, ,secret ? but this 1 cat tell you, besides beiu;, as you see, the most beautiful woman in London, she is a lady of rank and fortune.' 'Never I' exclaimed Roberts, emphatic. ally. 'Bjt I assure you she is. Her high social position makes me, even me, tremble when I think of the violence that has been done her.' 'Nonsense i Some pretty cottage girl, protected by a duke and coveted by a prince, at best.' 'Hush I Confound you, how you'let your tongue run. She is a lady of high rank, Ittell you !' ' ' Oh I aye I to be sure 1' 'Robeits,:you provoke me ! She is the Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne in.her own right.;"IThire now confound you, if you ever, brefithe-that, your tongue will have a itied: halter round your neck.' ,'Th:eB~iiriesr s Etheridge of Swinburne WTie-ew, I'r excl~imed the man Roberts sinking into thought. 'Andr now we must hurry back to the cairriage. f It is untcivil to leave the lady alohe foi' a. moment; but first tell me why you ran away from her.' 'Presently, presently, dear Mac. You must permit me to ride beside you on the box, first, because it will not be civil to thrust me upon the lady; and secondly because I will not intrude upon her.' 'Durst not face her, you mean.' 'As you please, dear Mac. You alwaygs had a finer appreciation of nice shades of meaning than myself, At any rate, it would not only be uncivil, but it would be unwise, for either of us to intrude upon the lady. She would be wanting an ex planation as to how we happened to come to herrescue, and neither you nor I have a story ready to tell.' ' There-is some truth in what you ad vance, so you may as well mount by my side. Well, here we are at the carriage,' said M'Carthy. SRoberts pulled his collar up and his bat down, to obscure his face, and keeping out of the range of view from the carriage winqdows, went round and mounted upon the box. M'Carthy went up to tile carriage win dow, boivedi;' id staid- - \- iCatitain Robeits will not intrude upon your ladyship; he will ride on the box be side me' ' -' I thank him very much,' replied Lady Eiheridge, very glad to be left alone. SM'Carthy then mounted the box, and the carriage drove off. As they left the spot, Lady Etheridge caught a glimpse of two men leading away the horses that had brought these deliverers ; and, with a pang of undefinable dread, she thought they had very much the air of the ruffians who had first attacked her carriage. SThe carriage rolled rapidly on, and soon entered a deep wood. The sky had been over-clbuded all night, and now the rain began to fall. Lady Etheridge thought withanxtiety of her servaints, and longed to reach her jouiney's end that she might send relief to them. In the thickest part of this wood the carriage at length drew up before an old-fashioned, gloomy-look. ing countiry-house. M'Carthy got down and knocked. After a little delay, the door was opened by an old servant in a very suspicious state ot readiness. S-'-Well, Jones, your master has been in bed hours, of course ?' ' Yes, please your honour.' 'And the housekeeper, also ?' 'Yes, please your honour.' ' WVell, show us the most comfortable room at hand, and then see the horsesput away, after "which come to me,' said M'Cartby, and he assisted Lady Etheridge to alight, and. atterided her into the house. ' SThe old servant preceded them into the drawing-room, and retiied to attend to the horses. \- M'Carthy seated Lady Etheridge upon a sofa,- and inquired what refreshments she would be pleased to take. Rose declined any. Soon the old servant showed hiiiiself:at the:door and M'Carthy went out to speak with him. After a -lefw moments he returned to the drawing rod'ria, and- going to Lady Etheridge, said-? - SMr. '-iHwlet is iil, and must not be disturbed to-night. In the morning, how ever,. we can have an interview with him. In the meantime the housekeeper is getting up and will attend toall your comforts for the night.' ' I feel very grateful ; but, oh, my poor coachman and maid exposed to this rain storm !' exclaimed Rose, sorrowfully. * Be, comforted, madam; it is most pirobable that before this Ihour some pas senger :upon that frequented road has discovered and released them; indeed, I think it quite certain to be so, because a rumour.was rife along the road that a car riage had been waylaid and rbbbed, and alady had been carried off. It was Ihat rumour that led us to challenge the suse. picious Ilofeing vehicle in which we found your ladyship a captive. Now, how could such i rumour have got afloat so soon, if your servanits had not been discovered aid-"ieleiased ?' inquired M'Carthy,: in geniously. S'Oh' I Heaven girant that they may be,' said Lady Etheridge, fervently. : The appearance of the housekeeper now:' interrupted the conversation. She was a tall, stoutcoarse, and florid woman of fifty years of age, whose scarred face and overdressed form did not add to the:respectability of her office. ': I very much regretthnat your master is too ill torise. I commend this lady to yourcare, and hope you will make her cobnifortable.' ' I shall endeavour to do so, Madam, would you choose refreshments belore re tiring-?' said the housekeeper, addressing Lady Etheridge. ' No I thank you, I need rest more than anything else,' replied her ladyship. - ' Then I will show you at once to your room,' said the woman, lighting a bed room candle, and leading the way. S.Lady Etheridge bowed to Colonel M'Carthy, and followed the housekeeper from the drawing-room. S TO 5IE CONTINUED. 