SUPERSTITIONS OF THE STAGE. I Tbn Opinion at I*in-loa VtraCe ciloaals oo Omens and tho Llltc. Mr. Toolo, tlio comedian, being interviawod on tho subject, say6 tbat although not in leusoly sujtei-stitious himself, hostlli believes iu ghosts — uot tbo ordinui*}' ghosts, howerer, but ouo that walks every week— on pay day. Af for omens, bn confesses that when he posses the theatre at 7:30 aud noes a crowd of people right across the street waiting for the doors to open, ho usually considers tbo omen raod. Mr. Edward Terry, another popular London actor, is very fond of Friday. He says thnt his new pieces have iuvoriably been produced on that dny,und that lie usually travels with a company of thirteen players. Tbe same holdue: s is a characteristic of Mr. Marius. His opinions of stage superstitions are us follows: '?I would rather produce a successful play ou a Friday thuu a bad one ou a Saturday. X would ratlivr receive £I-'i thauiria at any time. 1 would rather tit down thirteen to a good dimicrtbaii twelve to n bad Goo. I do cot beii'eve in jitiluc.Vy theatres or unlacky uctoi-K, but I ljolicvc in a good play, well acted, drawing good boii-os, wherever it may Im-. If thei e is one sii|K'i-stitiou I have it is i o get the best of everything at the cheapest Un the other hand, Mrs. Benwrd-Becre confesses 1 hat she is cxcccdiugly superstitious. 3liRs ii ill ward is even iiioro 60 and Miss Funny Leslie, the burlesque actress, consid ers it uulucky to pJace un umbrella on the prompt table, and also to drop the play part during rehearsal. Black catssho believes are very lucky, but she will never sign a con ir.ict on Friday. Mjss hetty Lind bw als- some btrong opinions on tho same subject. '1 am peculiar enough,'' says Miss Uud, 'v believe the number thirteen to be very luck}. . It wus the number of juy dressing room u lie Gaiety theatre when a Loudon audienc as kind to mc for tho first time. On iu.. i uiii to that theatre 1 6hall ask to I; ;luwed to havo tbe same room. At on. -: j io 1 went to see u manager and met : *oman with au evil eye, or rather a cro-. yed women. I walked deliberately Lou. .nin, knowing that the manager in que .'in would not believe iu me. Wliitoflowei. iK'heve, aro very unfortunate. Go under . ..,'liier 1 will uot. And 1 have found that ? i h:i|'pcn to meet any ono ou the stairs wb- . am going on for a dance I don't got an c: From these few examples it may bo sc- .at the Knglish actors and actresses, thou .ul. quite so superstitious as their l^rcne ?.?otliei'S and sisters, are j'et not wholly fr« .?Kin the same inlluouces. — Fhiladelphi 