SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEL. CUES AND EXCUSES FOR GRANL NATIONAL. Never within the memory of the most frosty-faced old battler have the probable results of the Grand National events been so innch enshrouded in uncertainty and ob scurity. In bygone years we have always bad a straigh t-out market to guide or finger post us to our destination, but this time, with the exception of a few speculative doubles,, we are left absolutely 'floundering in the dark. Great Ciesar’s ghost! lor rather great ghosts of the great jumping pastv please revisit us. That a complete revolution has been effected in the system of betting is as plain as a pikestaff. Just fancy Grand National Eve and not a blow struck.. The departure to flowery and other lands of certain owners who used to back their horses with spirit, and the enormous in crease in the value of the stakes are the cardinal causes of the burst up in ante-post betting. Is the new system in the interest of the public or the ring? In my opinion matters are very much as they were. Baokers do not get on to so many horses which are scratched, hut they get on to- more starters which are dead. Baokers kid themselves that by delaying their investments till the start that they will get a run for their money. They see the. horse saddled up, they sse the jockey with them all on, they see one run, and the other ride, and still they do not get a run. Hold hard! Two additional difficulties which face the prophetic picker on this occasion are duplications in Maidens and Grands, .and short work on the tracks by reason of the hoavy wet of a week ago. Horses which- it is confidently asserted will start for and probably win the Maidens, will very likely , be absentees, and start for and win the \- Grands. Now, taking into consideration the facts that I who have devoted a big''chunk., of the old scythe hearers merchandise, to study, observation and enquiry, am qu-te be fogged ami bamboozled. ,I would counsel any man who desires to.make a fortune overi these Nationals, not to attempt it if his in aome is under a thousand aud his exes over . 350\. ' With a strip I am partial to Recall or.- Frolic in the Maiden, Tarcoold or Propeller, in the Two-year-old, Lawler or Blacks Diamond in the Maideu Steeple. In the Grand National Hurdle Race I will he loyal; to our- own stables, and will accord Lord Harry or Scnbie’s best the honor of victory,. Remember these are cues not lips.. 