THE BELL OF ST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER BESANT, Author op Dorothy Forster, the Chaplain of the Fleet, Herb Paulus, &a; PART n. \- Chapter XXI.— A Morning on Duty, My dear, young friend! Mr. Indagine lumped out of his chair and welcomed him with, both Hands an I a sudden sunlight in his eyes. 44 You have como back to us! I thought you would never come back. Althea — my child — " he raised his voice bo as to be heard in the other room. 4 4 Come quickly. Come to welcome Mr. Waller." Altheaobeyed. She came in with ablush upon her cheeky and gave Laurenco her hand with downcast oyos. This wonderful Prophetess ! Then she took refugo behind her father. 44 You are welcome indeed," ho repeated with & deep sigh. 44 Oh ! If you only knew how greatly we have missed you !" 44 It was impossible to stay away, you see," Laurence replied, looking, perhaps by accident, &t; Althea. 44 1 was obliged to como baok." 44 Obliged to come back," the Poet echoed, with satisfaction unbounded. 44 Nay — nay— you overestimate tho socioty of a poet. But you aro privileged — in this house you can say any thing you please. Sit down — I have quantities of things to say. Sit down — sit down." He pushed his young friend into tho cosy chair and went on talking. 44 Well — it is a real pleasure to havo you back again. You look better, too. That last day you were here — I remember — you looked un happy. Something had gone wrong." 44 Yes," Laurence replied. 44 Something had gone very wrong indeed. But I have come baok" — this time he was careful not to look at Althea — 4 4 with hope renewed." 44 That is very good hearing. Well — you shall hear wlmt has happened to me. First of all, I havo carried out my promise. I havo returned to the world. Only once, as yet, it is true, but it has boon enough to prove the reality aud to gauge tho depth of that fame which you, my friend, were the first to reveal tome." 44 Indeed?" asked Laurence, a shade of anxiety falling upon his face. 44 How was that ? 44 When I think of it, I am really astonished. Even the most sauguino of men could not expect such a thing. And after 30 years to bo actually recognised !" .''What did happen?" f What should you think of a Popular Rocop- tion ?" 44 What?" Laurence started and eat up right. 44 Of an Ovation — a Public Triumphal March?" j 44 An ovation?" ."Nothing less, my young friend, I assure you. Nothing less. And of tho most amazing eharaotcr." 44 Really?" This was indeed bowildoring. Published by special arrangements with the uthor. All rights reserved This impostor — who had himself counterfeited tho Voice of Fame, felt as if the earth was going round under his foot. 44 A Triumphal March ?» 44 You shall hear. We took a walk — Althea was with mc — through tho City. After linger ing a little in Paternoster Row we walked down Ludgate Hill and through Fleet- street. To bo sure my appearance was quite public ; thero was no attempt at concealment; wc walked openly and it was midday — I was looking about me, pointing out to Althea somo of the old places and their literary associations, and mark ing tho changes that have been mado in the street. It was quite full of people — men — con gregated on the pavement and talking — when suddenly, to my intense surprise, I found that I was actually recognised J" 44 Recognised !" Laurence grasped the arm of tho chair to steady himself. 44 Who recognised you ? One of your old friends ?" 44 No — no — I met none of my old friends. I wish now that they had all ' been present — my i lukewarm friends with my enemies, to see and hear. I was recognised — I confess that it is most astonishing — I was suddenly and uni versally recognised — I cannot imagine how my face came to be known to them — by the assembled multitude " 44 Good Heavens !" In a moment — in the twinkling of an eye — there glanced through the mind of this conscicnco-stricken deceiver a dramatic possibility, how tho thing that he had invented only to please Althea might actually, without his own knowledge, have really taken place — that the Poet's reputation had actually grown during theso 30 years as ho had dccoitfully fabled and represented so that he was in sober reality famous. If so 41 The street," Mr. Indagainc wont on, 44 was, I say, crowded with people. In tho old days it was never so fulL None of them seemed to resemble tho men who used to frequent Fleet- street and sit iu the Taverns. It was a crowd which a man might set down as comparatively humble. Yet their faces were intelligent, and they were greatly animated, and they knew mc, one and all." 44 Good Heavens !" cried Laurence— 44 this is wonderful." 4lIs it not? Suddenly some one cried out my name — the word flew from mouth to mouth — wo wero mobbed, though respectfully— even reverentially." 44 Your name — did they cry out 4 Mr. Cle ment Indagine ? " 44 No. They cried out 4 The Poet! Thero is tho Poet !' or 4 Look at the Poet,' or words to that effect. It really was, and will ever re main, the proudest moment of my life. It was nothing short of an ovation that they gave me— nothing less, as I said, than a Triumphal March that wo made." Laurence turned with amazement to Althea. 44 1 cannot tell," she said, 44 how the people came to know who ho was. There were great, crowds standing about, and they kept crying 4 The Poet 1 The Poet ! Threo to two upon Tho Poet !' It was wonderful. And yet they seemed not to be looking at hira." 44 Among the people," said tho Poet, 44 in places when you would least expect it, there is a natural delicacy of feeling which is very pleasant to experience. They knew, of course, how distasteful it would have been to have all eyes turned upon me. Therefore they averted their heads, though they could not restrain their feelings. I respect them all the more." 44 Threo to two upon The Poet," Laurenco repeated. Then ho suddenly laughed, and as suddenly became solemn again. 44 Why," he said 44 it must havo been most surprising, and — and— as you say, truly gratifying." Then his lips parted again as one who wished to laugh, and his eyes twinkled as one who laughed in wardly, and onco more ho hardened his face, . and became as solemn as a clown at a christen ing. 44 Stay with me this morning," said the Poet. 44 1 havo a groat deal more to tell you. Althea, my dear, will you leave us alone ?" 44 Oh!" tho jroung man's face lengthened. 44 1 was — I was in hopes," ho said, 44 that Miss Indagine would tako mo on the river this morn ing." Indeed, Althea was already dressed in her jacket and straw hat. 44Cassie is going with me," she said. 44 You must stay here, Mr. Waller, please. My father has a great deal to discuss with you. Now thar you havo come baok I can leave him with a lighter heart. The excitement of his creat success and tho shouts of the people" — she laid her hand upon her father's— have made him restless of late. Our old tranquility is broken up. Will you stay hero? Thauk you. Perhaps now that I know ho is in good hands I shall seo some of my old ghosts again. And perhaps," she added with what, in other girls, would have been a touch of coquetry, 44 1 may find you hero when I como back." She laughed and ran away. 14 See, Mr. Waller," Baid her father, "you. have made Althea look happier already. Sinco you went away she has hardly smiled. It is tho way of tho girl. She knew-that I was un happy in losing you. She Baw me restless for want of that communion of soul with soul which I had resumed after long abstinenco. My frioud, I did not conceal my sense of loss, and it made her unhappy too. It is hor sympathetic way. Personally, of course, you wero nothing to her oxcopt for your services to mo. But it is her way." 44 Is is a very charming way." 44Yes. You may havo remarked that she iB pale, and there are rings round her eyes. She inherits this quickness of sympathy from mc. It is tho only part of tho poetic nature which she docs inherit. But she will brighten up — nay, sho has already begun— now we shall all bo happier again." The simple faith in his power of bringing happiness along touched the young man with a little shame. True, ho had brought happiness, but by what means? 44 1 will read you a few things that I havo corrected and arranged — things now and old — well, you shall judge." He laid his hand upon a bulky pile of MSS. Atanother time the heart of the listener would have quailed. Now he felt not only resigned, but evon happy. It is only when a poet is read ing his verses or when tho parson is preaching, or while a piece of classical musio is played, that ono can- surrender the thoughts to perfcot freedom, and let them ramble and roam at their own sweet will It is only at such times that ono can sit at eaao and peace while tho imagina tion wanders and strays among flowory lanes and grassy banks. Laurence reclined in his chair with half- closed oyes, while his thoughts, undisturbed, dwelt upon tho virtues and tho graces of his mistress. 44 1 must show you," the Poet went on 44 what progress I havo mado in my new volume. Seo — hero is tho Manuscript very nearly ready for tho printers. Now for a little surprise for you — I intended it as a seorot. But you shall have it at once. This manuscript, my friend, is going to be your own. I shall give it to you as a possession and an heirloom for your children's children." "This is indeed a great favor," .said Laurence cordially. 44 1 hope I know how to value it aright." 44 Nay, you doservo it. I had intended to arrange tho poems for posthumous publica tion. But recent events havo changed my resolution. A Poot has no right to be sueut. I now understand thnt ; ho fails in his duty if ho fails to deliver his message; ho should con- timually prophesy ; ho belongs essentially to tho whole People ; ho is theirs in a sense granted to no ono else ; it is his duty to find words for their thoughts ; he is to be their Yoico ; ho owes to the People everything in himself that is good aud noble; for their, sake he must cultivato great thoughts and live a pure life ; to defilo his life is to defilo the stream of thought at tho fountain head ; to refuse work is high treason to his mission ; to withhold his work when it is completed is a kind of robbery. Yes — I under stand — Heaven forgive me ! I have committed this sin of treason. I havorobbedthe People of their own." He spoke in tones of exaltation. Surely such a man — one who hold the office of Poet in honor so high — should be himself a great Poet. Honor and respect so great deserve that recom pense. 44 1 am going," he continued, 44 to read to you this morning my forthcoming poems. Let mo first arrange my papers." While he was arranging his papers Laurenco drew a letter from his pocket and read it. The letter was as follows : — 44 My dear Cousin, — I know perfectly well who you are ; partly becauso I learned long ago that my cousin Lucy married a certain David Waller of Rotherhithe, boat builder, and that she emigrated with liim when his affairs became involved ; partly because in your face and eyes and your voice you resemble your mother so closely that no doubt is possible. 44 It has been laid upon me as a plain duty that I should communicate with you. I wish first, to seek your counsel upon a matter very close to me — the welfare of my son ; and next I am anxious to save you and Another person from unhnppiness. I know why you hastily went away. You thought that a certain girl was engaged. That is not so. She is not engaged to the young man of whom you think, she never has been engaged to him ; sho never will be. You hurriedly jumped to a false con clusion. Como back, therefore, with what speed you may, and with full confidence that nothing stands between you and the end which you desire. "My dear cousin, in things earthly we of the the Early Church mako and meddle only as they may serve things spiritual. If I, who am called ft Prophetess, interfere in ftn affair of the heart, it is because I am convinced that Althea Indagine and you are of those who climb up wards by means of earthly happiness. Others thorc are — and these are the majority — who aro led to things spiritual by sorrow, misfortune, sickness or disappointment. 44 There are other reasons why you should oome back immediately. Trouble has fallen up on my Brother Lucius and his household. lie has himself lost his placo and cannot find another. My niece Cassandra has lost her place and cannot find another. Be sides, she is fretting about a worthless man. The whole family will shortly havo to depend upon tho scanty earnings of my sister Cornelia aud my niece Flavia. I tako it that more than curiosity brought Lucy's son to Bank Side ; I hear that your father has arrived at distinction and I hope wealth ; I hope that you will be able to do something for your cousins. But come back. As for him who brought the trouble upon Cassie and caused you to think a falsehood, there is preparing for him an out pouring of wrath which he little imagines or suspects. I speak not of tho certain punishment for sin, but of quick and Buddcn confusion. 44 When, -my dear young cousin, I look for ward into the future and watch your figure moving onwards with the years that roll us always nearer and nearer to tho Steps of tho Throne, I Bee nothing but happiness before you, shadowed with tho sorrows which must certainly happen in every earthly life. You will have Love, which hallows everything. If you mcot with wordly success it shall not harden you heart, for Love will keep it soft. If you full upon adversity, Love will enable you to hear it. Tho Early Church was founded on Love. In our Connection, it is Love which binds us to gether. Cousin, I have but one message to re peat to the world which still forgets it. Thoso who love cannot sin against each other. With us in the Early Church somo may bo husbands and some wives. But all lovo each other. This is our Creed — Love is all. If I can tcaoh you that, your stay iu this poor place will have been hallowed indeed. 44 Your affectionate Cousin, 44 Claudia." Laurenco finished tho lettor — ho had already read it a dozen timos — and folded it carefully. 44I havo obeyed you, Claudia," ho said, 44 1 havo obeyed you and £ am here." 44 1 am. now ready, mv friend." said )»« Poet. Laurence sat well book, shading his faco as one who desires to concentrate .his attention iu fact he did intend to do this, thouglx for an other purposo. Then tho Poet began to read and his listcnor sat perfectly still and offered no interruption whatever. 44 Sho is not engaged aftor all," thus his thoughts began to run—44 sho is not en gaged," these words ran like a refrain that you sometimes hear if you close your eyes in tho rolling of a railway train, 44 and something dreadful is going to happen to Mr. Oliver Luttrell. What will happen to him, I wonder? What b ho after? Is the Prophetreas ablo to causo mis fortune as well as to foretell happiness ? And what does alio want with mo? And Althea is not engaged — Althea, tho goddess, who camo out of the sunset. Sho is free, and I am back again. And she was unhappy because I was gone. Oh ! Althea, Althea !" And tho Poet went on reading his verses, sheet after sheot, with satisfaction unuttcrablo. For the Bhouts of tho multitude, the praiso of tho Saturday Review and the sympathy of tho young man who had como all tho way from Australia iu order to gaze upou him, filled his mind onco more with tho old belief in his own powers ; nover since the days when bo first begau to write verso ard to read his poems over alone, looked up in his own room, had he been so strongly moved by tho beauty aud tho strength and depth of his versos. 44 Oliver is coming in for wealth," Laurenco continued following on. 44 1 wonder how ho will take it. Is Felix going to visit him with tho weight of his long arm ? Lucius has had to come down from the Higher Branch, and Cassie is out of placo. Poor Cassio ! and I am to do something for them all— and Althea is free " And tho voice of tho Poet was like unto tho drono of tho bumble beo among tho swoot peas. 44 In tho Jiouso of a general practitioner in about tho meanest part of Londou," ho thought "among streets which aro squalid and people inexpressible, with no friends, oxcopt theso art less cousins of mine, has grown up this flower of maidenhood, more delicate, more refined, than any of her sisters who live in the world. Nono of tho meanness of hor surroundiugs appears in her; it is as if this houso was & calm cloister in tho midst of tho wickod world. Sho has lived with books and with this man— who has trained hor in tho poetry whioh ho vainly emulates and in tho lofty thoughts whioh ho has borrowed and thiuks lib own. And sho is free— and more beautiful than over." Two hours later Althoa camo baok from hor row up the river, It was, no iloubt, tho fresh brecr.0 upon tho river which had taken the dark linos from her oyes and restored their sunshino, given color to her pale check and life to licr drooping figuro. -v Sho opened tho door and looked in, smiling. "Well," she said, 44 if you have finished, you. two, will you como to lunch?" . Laurenco was sitting in tho easy chair, his" long logs outstretched, his head bent "forward,; his olbows on tho arms of tho chair and his hands leaning against eacli other by the finger tips. It was an attitude of profound attention — so profound that tho thinker might havo scorned asleep. The poet, regardless, went on- mouthing his hollow o'es and a'es iu rapt enjoy ment of his own numbers. But at the girl's voice Laurenco sprang to his feet. 44 We have had," he said, 4 a most delightful morning." Ho took tho Toot's hand and pressed; it warmly. 44 You will not ask me," ho mur-; mured, 4,tor a critical opinion. I havo been quite carried away. My mind has been filled; with beautiful thoughts ever since you began to: read. And now, Miss Indagine, may I be at; your service for the rest of tho day ? " 