FROM WAGGA HOME. By The matches Still down the broad streets of Wagga come the long teams of horses and bullocks!, with their high-built loads of wool bales and horses and bullocks, like the country, are this year all in selling condition. The drivers are lone and tank and dusty, well-weathered wen, whole life in all in the open air, and who do not seem to be given to too much wash- ing;, however broad may be the floods.' There is something essentially Australian about the 'ong bullock team, the frequent bang of the whip, the dull creak of the wheels and even more characteristic, perhaps, is the horse . team of six or seven or eight pairs, with one well-educated leader, and the driver riding, a saddle horse alongside. They never seem in a hurry. Their power is like the wind that blows, their waggon like the ship that goes, and the driver is the steersman. Yet his work is not always so easy as that of the wheelman on an ocean liner. As of old, the " bullocky" rages and roars at times, and despite all laws made and provided to the contrary, must be permitted occasionally to indulge in a little blasphemy. Three or four such craft, having delivered their cargoes at the railway station, were i lumbering easily down the street, when Mr. Hawkins proposed that we should go out to the public reserve, which should be the public park and garden, but that possibly it is a little too far away. A good two miles it seems, even as travelled in a buggy, and folks can't always take buggies to go out to \- public gardens. The principal charm of the place when reached, except to the master of the horse is a fairly high hill, up which a winding road has been made. It may be mentioned that that talented lady, Miss Von . Finkelstein, was of our party on that morning, and not altogether necessarily in connection with the troubles of the muster of the horse. Miss Von Finkelstein, like some others who were by no means strangers to Australia, was brought up to the top of that mountain to see a sight which is almost as much of a "female" in Australia as would be a palm grove in Scotland. In a mild way, even in form, the scenery around was pleasantly diversified. There were innumerable little bills and many pleasant valleys. There was the town below on the river Has, seemingly all of red brick, and a little too glaring, perhaps, even in this green year. There was a little eye of water in a lake, well filled, ' which reflected the blue of the sky. There were hundreds of wheat-fields in the fulness of the beauty of their greenery, before they assume " The grace of standing corn," There were blossoming orchards, as broad spangles dotted around; and far away 000 miles away there were the bold spurs of the Australian Alps down by the Victorian bor- der! But the marvel of all was that an Australian aspect-theinexpressible greenery of the universal earth's surface. Near and far, on hill and plain, one continuous carpet of green. The grass is green, the trees are green, the soft vaporous mists which rise in the near distance seem shot through with some reflected colour from the shining turf be neath. We may catch a distant glimpse of " gold at times, when the wattle banner is spread on a rugged hillside, but it scarcely flocks the universal robe spread over the immense landscape. > Ay, it is wonderful in its variety, this Australian world of ours. The > spirits who on our behalf ply at " The roaring loom of time," use threads of divers colours. This year we may think of them as sylphs and nymphs, as gentle fairies of the dell or as those who dwell " In lower pool", that see AH their charges clothed all round With the innumerable hill, Where the golden curdled bee Flats through don cream rush to fret White or duskier violet." Their warp and their wool seem saturate . with dyes of England's dells. But how can we think of them when another year comes? Who so weird and what do wan as they who weave, and that they weave, for the garniture of our parched horses. Still in such a year is this we should anything but despair of our future. " Twist c, twine > or, even so Mingle shades of joy and woe " There are enough of each to furnish us with fair and permanent raiment, not more sad than he seems, nor more gay, perhaps, than becomes our humanity. ? It was interesting: as new, amid such sur 'foundings as these, to make some few com- parisons or mark some few contrasts between ; this broad green landscape of ours and that of Palestine and the East our companion knows so well. The same green in the season of the mine spread over all the hills, but instead of the little dimity blue and purple and gold flowers you are here, broad red anemones scattered us stars or spread as clouds over the gratis. And the travelling camps from village to village, ruin to ruin, shrine to shrine, with all the luxury of abundant attendance, the tent lined with hang- rags of India, Damascus, and Samarcnnd, floorcloths from the rooms of Persia, and cuisine Unit had its education in Paris. " Do you camp when you travel in that way beret" Not quite, bias. But yet there is another side which might well make us thankful. We talk lightly of war here, but " Our poor country has not yet recovered from the Russo-Turkish war. You 'see they made drafts of 300, say, from every village of about a thousand souls ; they took the whole of the working strength of the country away, and about 10 per cent, re- turned." ? We tithe and torture our beasts in that way in the drought times, but not our people, and it was, perhaps, with a little malice prepense that I acquiesced on the following morning in a proposal to drive out to a woolshed where the shearing business was in full sawing, and conducted in the old Australian style, Australian sheep might be seen there with Australian shepherding, shearing, and many other details of management which might very well be compared with the traditionally gentle and picturesque ways of the "Holy Land." There was not much on the way in this ten-mile drive. The country, beyond that traversed on the previous day, green, fair, monotonous. The shed and its surroundings of the good old Australian type. The huts full of " tucker, and at meal times of hungry, healthy men. In the shed the lamb shearing, in the yards the fire-branding. Everthing business-like and Australian. The young lamb seized in the pen and hauled out, the shears put to his throat and round about his back and ribs, a minimum average of two square inches of skin with a little flesh taken from each, a dab or two of tar, a shove of the shearer's knee, and down they go to the yards. A count out, thence to another yard, and then each one caught and carried up to a car). They had been similarly dealt with once before when deprived of their tails. This time it is r necessary nose torture. Each one is held down, and the manager applies the firebrand, till the remnant of wool is burned away, and the skin fairly seated, and then my lambkin in pitched away like a bag of wool or a log of wood, and sends away to the pastures, much doubtless in love with and inclined to come to the call of his gentle shepherds, I shall not publish any comments on the process. Certain, it was not the way of Palestine or of Syria. Nor can it now be said that it is the way of humanity, or the way that is necessary, even in Australia. The only bit of colour which looked like Eastern life on the return journey was the blazing waistcoat the outer garment, of a Salvation Army soldier, who was engaged in the gentle occupation of tending a small flock of children. This was idyllic as novel. Is it a new departure on the part of the army, a sort of out-door crochet It seems a very good idea. Some poor troubled mothers would be inclined to say, a useful and almost necessary innovation. A moderately early morning train takes us away from Wagga. And yet before it departs, at half-past 9, there is time, if . one so wills, to take yet another walk abroad, to gather up a few more memories of the fresh sweetness of the dewy morning atmosphere, to note the marvellous depth of colour in the Bougainvillea whichever manya house wall, and to reflect on the steepness of the little cottage club in its garden by the river, which can become so gay in the evening hour, 'The visitor from other lands might also, if he so desired, lee a mob of cattle counted out from the sale yards and the drovers strike their camp and take to the roads, but most folk brid it -not about enough to get their bath and breakfast and a seat in the cab which anna by daylight to the station for a modest shilling The ordinary or mail train comes lumber- ing along, and then good bye to Wagga, Hat not without pleasant memories of a pleasant land, in which, despite its age, there is still more evidence of promise, than achievement The people who built the content alone seem to have an adequate idea of the importance of the place. Their ideas on Australian matters are, however, generally accurate, because, perhaps, always commensurate with their own prospective interest therein There are queer little troubles trains, particularly day trains which make long journeys, and not infrequently with that institution which is known as the ladies' compartment Now the ladies compartment on that morning was empty, and we (a party of six) proposed to occupy it but the guard looked aghast at such a proceeding as if he were the beadle of a synagogue or Quaker s chapel It was utterly impossible, against all rules and yet most of the other carriages were comfortably filled with a fair mixture 41 the sexes " You can Dud a place somewhere, and the women can go in there " Thus the courteous but peremptory guard We, however, could not see much room, and objected to intrude on the society of mixed parties who seemed to have journeyed far together, and to be occupying all the visible space It was finally settled by the courteous concession of a matron with a family, who kindly shifted from a mixed compartment, and afforded the necessary space But what would be the duty of the guard or the porter who should see all the rest of the train well packed, and the ladies' compartment still empty Is there any rule by which he could enforce a proper occupancy of this frequently shunned compartment, or would common sense prevail at length with those who ought to occupy if "We should have to force them to it, said a very grey station master with whom I discussed the matter, they no more want separate compartments than new divorce bill All facts and fancies , nothing else ' It is not a matter for much regret that the express runs over most of that first or last long New South Wales stage in the night. It is, as seen from the carriage window, but a dreary and bony old lump of Australia with great patches of rung timber, and occasional glades, and farm patches, and well cleared station paddocks, across which the shorn sheep send in thousands scared by the roar of the train Good country enough to right and to left, but not generally traversed by the line. To the right, soon after we fairly settle down to the journey rises The Rock, a picturesque. peak and ridge irene as rugged in ap pearance,aiidfartheralongareotherlonehills, remnants rather than fragments apparently of what were once far mightier masses There is no timber that one would desire to save from the axe (of the feller, not the ring barker), nor any height that approaches grandeur, till, past Gerogery, and far beyond all the lower hills the cap of the noblest section of the great Divide is seen, ridge like, white, and gleaming against the sky, a feather edge, a razor back of snow And does not a delightful coolness fill the air now ? Does it not permeate our musty old carriage, and give us a new sense of life and comfort- Even while the question is" considered the snow peaks are shut out from view, and soon the train glides into Albury country, and shortly lnloAJbury town Pleasant old town of memories and tradi- tions and hopes innumerable Why did you not stretch a friendly bridge from bank to bank of the great river, whereon friends and neighbours and fellow countrymen might come and go, and meet and greet without any person or distrust * " I would have done so had it been permitted me doubtless replies the Federal City, whose present condition of prosperous development would go far to justify such a boast But who divided us' Ah, there comes in the big question on which we will not enter It would indeed, be more easy to say, who keeps us asunder It was here The Albury that the very earliest overlander crossed to Australia team, having travelled from Lake George to the Murrumbidgee and thence to the impracticable Alps along whose northern spurs they trade west till the fairly open country was reached, and it seemed possible to make some progress through the country beyond the bill, river On a grassy line not far down from the railway bridge is-or was, for seed) so precious a relic has been well guarded the explorers marked tree "Stirred but half years ago well within the period of memory of any man of patriarchal age, jet the farthest point then reached in the great Australian wilderness the first Murray station on the great overland line It seems now almost an act of cruelty to have robbed the first explorer and overland carrier of his right of nomenclature here, to have taken his name from the great river, as the escutcheon of an unworthy knight from a castle port. The great river might well have been the Hume for ever, for 'tis a name of many noble associations, new and old It was here that the spirit of prophecy used to descend on Sir Hercules Robinson in the days before he did so much to consolidate South Africa, and then went home with hazy views or it may be views hazily expressed, about the unity and integrity of the Empire i his was the federal city of that masterful old Governor, wherein he expected Borne day to see an Australian Parliament assemble Is it all proven a dream ' Who can say! At least we do not hear of the laying of the foundation of any federal hall And he does not look like federation, that gold banded official who stands amongst the baggage yonder But we shall see him soon enough Let us, if we have but two hours, taken look at Albury us she is ringed in by her hills, belted with her river, overshadowed with her trees, and garlanded with her innumerable flowers 'There seems, indeed, to be a green hill at every street end and a garden about every house, and the flowers are choicer and richer and earlier and later than in ordinary gardens of Melbourne For in the Bijou enclosure of the cure tor of the Athenaeum were camellias just come to perfection, and it was in October, rhododendrons just bursting the leafy sheaths of their buds, azaleas 111 full display, all standing side by side. The wistaria and the lilacs were abundant and rich and the roads were opening their hearts But the vines on the hills were not yet in lent And it is only when the vines are all leaf and bloom that Albury is at her best 'The Albury country was made for the vine A little way above the town the mountain's feet lose their rugged character, brass and breasts take the place of 1 illa und scare., and bosky dells and grassy glades of wild gorges and ravines 'the face of nature becomes gentle, her temperature genial, her return to human emu on prolific and kind By hundreds of acres the vineyards about the town and district may be counted now, and yet through how many many years did they languish I What effort was required to force their produce on the market, and what an ample meed of some is due to those who gave the labour of their lives not to produce wine only but to force it on the world the name of tallon occurs to us all in connection with Albury, and I remember a very well aged representative of that name yielding up the ghost in peace and quietness at the little watering place of Manly Beach, by Sydney, some seven or eight years ago. He had lived a quiet life there for some years, and seemed to have but little interest in anything beyond the vines Of them and their products he was full of memories I remember when the first talk of phylloxera occurred his describe not a true phylloxera smitten vine and in France it was like the mallee scrub Just recovering from a great fire-a puny shoot here and are perhaps but not a sign of a grape " His conclusion also, was hopeful as reasonable "If it is phylloxera we have got here, then phylloxera does not like Australia Others co-operated with and followed the Fallon's. The industry 11 all too vast to be managed by any one man or one firm now. The green hill yonder is tunnelled with cellar age, where the crushed juice matures and mellows in the long tiers of gigantic vail, wherein is re born, and with rare delicacy, the aroma which every breeze wafts into the city when all the vines on the hills are bloom. Who can say how far these tunnels may or may not be bored? Australia is broader than France Albury has a site at least equal to Rheims, and may yet give direct and accepted contradiction to the old German quatrain " At Bachorach on the Rhein At Hocheim on the Main, And at Wurzburg on the stern, Grow the three best kinds of wine Foolish Deuhtche why such hurry Î Albury lies on the Murray ^ arra won the Kaiser's prise, Goulburn juice with Neckar iles Wurzburg, cease thy Impious boast Of the "blessed wine of the Holy Ghost Austral spirit purely drawn Biesaoth all it breathes upon Yet not for its wines only should Albury be named Rich and broad down the river he many fertile areas, and broaden- ing away on either bank are plains and words which have bred farmers at times of a Californian or Canadian breadth of am bition It was but a three hours' ride, I think, from the greatest farm I ever saw in Australia-that of the Messrs Burrows, of Burrumbuttock-into Albury Thousands of acres of green wheat were waving there on one estate seven or eight years ago I do not know if they were sent back into sheep again by the foolish menace of protection in Victoria, but I do think that in this momentary glimpse, as in more extended travel years ago, one traces the effects of that Victorian blight over all this fair country every grape and grain and fleece and hoof of which would come to our stores, markets, factories, if we had but the wisdom to clear the way And now not even a grape can cross I once saw a lady despoiled of a shilling bag of fruit she was taking into a Victorian railway carriage Let us get away for a moment, however, from all these littlenesses 1 his Albury is, and is destined to be, the first (the furthest up, I mean) commercial town on the Murray Away below will roll the vineyards and the ohveyards, the orchards and the mulberry Bardenu (Yes, it was not very far below that the late Mrs Bladen Neil ventured on her ill timed and not very well supported enterprise ) And with, or intermingled with them, the rich pastures and the waving corn fields, which by and by will be permanently typical of Australia But Dove, the scene changes abruptly, becomes grandly, boldly, wildly picturesque" The feet of the mountains begin to tread close, and more closely, on the banks of the river Little jutting pro monto: Yes appear, and islands in the stream's centre. Mr, Piguenit-a Tasmanian artist not so well known in Victoria as he ought to be painted a grand picture of "The Murray above Albury.' But his higher upatillthatthe great pictures, the magnificent scenes appear when the Father of Australian Waters, gathering the forces of his fountain heads of almost eternal snows, thunders down to his mountain gates through a ravine which has well been described as one of the great gorges of the world. There is vented the great voice of the flood, whose mightier volume rolls almost in silence past the Federal City, and in times to come, in and about those mountain heights will be bred a race of men who will be to our Albury folk as the mountaineers of the Tyrol to the dwellers in the valley of the Po uDovyou doubt that these characteristics will form by and by If so, just look now for a moment at the well formed chu ractenstics of the peoples of the two colonies meeting at the federal station Note them as they pass the baggage heap in charge of the Customs man The New South Webber drops his head with a look of quiet scorn and disgust, as well he may The Victorian (of the average) uplifts his nasal organ and stroked his chin as with the air of one who should say-" But I do not perceive the offence of it at all " If the people of the two colonies should travel much, and the fiscal policies should remain unaltered, these rival attitudes would affect permanently the shape of the nasal organs, and of the general bodily car nage A story is told that in the days of the rival Premiers of New South Wales, Sir John and Sir Henry to wit, there grew in political circles two very distinct and well marked sea of noses , you might, indeed, tell a man s party leanings by his nose For the nose of Sir John was aquiline, and his habit and manner were such as to render it ever more so If he walked by the Circular Quay and inhaled the odours which arose from the sewage discharges he bent down for a yet deeper and stronger sniff, and greeted it with deeper and stronger language But if such a presence in the mr was remarked to Sir Henry his back arched and his nose elevated still more while he answered-" To some people such an odour might arise, but not to nie find in the House, when some member blasphemed against the gospel according to Sir John, he bent his nose, and his body, and his soul to the inhalation of that blasphemy, and then, in true aquiline fashion, came down on the body and the soul of the vile blasphemer But Sir Henry, just the other way, drew himself up and let it pass by " If it is not for me, it is against me, and therefore contemptible ' So the noses grew, and the parties and the parties noses And here we are with our baggage "Open that I ' Is the order, and immediately it is opened "That'll do." Nine tenths of it a farce, and the whole rude and uncouth But we get used to it. A little matter, he went cr, somewhat new and strange, vexed me on that homeward journey "Going down ticket had passed the whole journey right enough Stepping out at Albury returning, the guard mulcted me of a portion, so that now unconsciously I pos- sessed but that remnant which guaranteed transit from Wodonga to Melbourne-the Victorian portion, in short And this, after the bell had rung, the porter refused to accent "You must get a separate ticket from Albury to W ¿donga " But I can't I shall miss the train ' " I tell you, you can't travel without it " " But I will " Then you'll be under a penalty T trouble you for name and address ' "Oh, hang it Can't you get its" "rich, certainly " How much ' ' Dunno " " two shillings do"' "Yes Give you the change next time There she goes. You're all Good-bye It was the first time I had enjoyed that little experience, but I have heard of it from others, and do not know whether to qualify it as fraudulent or inane Probably the average porter, however, would describe it as on exceedingly sensible and well considered arrangement ' i in for gettin' 'em on the hop, you know " And yet another matter about which I heard a little growling, though to me it was fair cause for thanksgiving, wan the long delay at Albury of the morning ordinary or mail train We waited two hours and a quarter, which certainly is far too long for the convenience or the patience of the ordinary traveller The exigencies of the depart men' may require it. I said so to a fellow traveller who had walked the platform and tried all its resting places while I ranged about the town I regret to say his reply was illogical na rude exigencies of the department be I myself thought that way about my border ticket, and lost two shillings But we must live in hope of a change for the better in these as in other matters Hope deferred, however, makes the heart sick, and indigestible food the stomach, and most of us who have fed frequently at Seymour are lamb or with both pangs. The natural gate of another of the great gardens of Australia, into which should be for ever flowing all that is signified by the metaphorical milk and honey, and yet a place where the soup is of the thinnest, the meat of the coarsest, the butter only or Francis, the salad stale, and the charge eighteen pence That eighteen pence is the secret of the whole matter, probably It is a foolish, unreasonable, levelling, communistic charge. Why should a man ex post to dine on a railway station for less than in town '' Why should you charge the second class men more and the first class man less than his average, mind why should all be forced to " grub together " ' We will not press this matter, as it is understood that the Commissioners contemplate new arrangements in connection with the refreshment rooms On thin, however, as on many previous oc- cations, the one gentleman of all others on the Victorian railways who seemed to me to require "sorting ' (in the Doric sense) in the luggage room clerk J promised to put a bag away for a man who had to catch a train. At the counter were five people already waiting, one attendant writing at a desk two others fooling around "a), stranger, ' said a gentleman with an accent, to one of these, " I've spelled five minutes and am getting' fresh," " Well, Take your time " " I've took stall and gettin' into debt " " Oh, well, That'll keep " And he tooled along BB heretofore I waited eight minutes for the fifth turn. 