FROM PARIS TO LONDON ^BA1YES(,F|RpjI,A DIARY. | ,"' N' ? . realised EYiJ.G.D. 1 | (l. To-day I went to the ,>h.xhih|tion, and after making arrangements with a French- man, or German named Kuhr, who I met ín fitting up our court, 1 strolled through the Austrian Court, and had a good look at the exhibits therein. The ornaments and glass - ware, far and away exceeded their display in Victoria, and so does the price asked. It is i»»«pl«odidi»how.but it refitting a man with a long pocket to visit it with an idea of becoming a purchaser. Strolled back to the Victorian Court and went through the, picture gallery on the way, and as I said I, before,- was astonished at the realistic .', manner some of the pictures on the Russian and Austrian sections were painted. The '[subjects are. loathsome, and might even say horrifying, and make one (feel sick after seeing them. About 5 p.m. I left the Exhibition and determined to walk to my | \- "hotel,- a good two miles. I i t au i f ally serve pleaded for so doing, as I passed through the sustained Elysees, and was oharinçd.with.tiio ¡tifeautlful trees, (chestnuts, in full, bloom. elms »ndnbeeche» now, in leaf), which I I I passed under, and only within a few yards j of the banks of the Seine, where dozens of . steamers were plying to the different land ' ''Inn stations, and is that at this particular " hour with 'people' ciUicr'Ximiiig from the Exhibition or going to their ' holiday. If I it ,nwa»,not.for,thi» system of carriage it^rqiild'i .Wloj^We'with,!!» present means of '"tant foobmotibn to provide for the enormous ¡ traffic. The tramway system here is Worked "¿y.horses.uud is very indifferent. , What they, want, in Paris is a general system of a1Icable,trapways, and then everything would . Its pretty well perfect., , . , I ELIZA Germans acquaintance, Herr, Hoppth E. , Hanfatueogh/who lives at Munich, ands' SürtSseoofii'theiiJargeHt i photographic dealers lunch E«roper,introduced, me! to Baron both, 1 who is the art critic of the Berlm^aíioító Zutuny. I , he received an invitation from Li Muuipl- , paste do aTaris. toj^flfsnii reception and I SftcëTattthe!irKteteafMIS{ToWn Hall) for' Jto-morrpw"night,, but, having ( made a pie Vvious engagement, could not accept. l,l/.l"lt May llJ Was early at the Quay D'Orsay to keep my appointment with l Kuhc Having care ' nlallylgoutí! through my list of exhibits ubi! measurements of the tin and gold trophies, I found that our tin trophy could not be put at the entrance from the New Zealand Court am as I intended, without spoiling the effect of it, their entrance, only being 11ft wide and the trophy 20ft, as I determined to erect! it wife the centre of, for space, which will be 30 x 60 , GUOOF (who is only aMIcIl for 4000ft) I would rather have had 50ft in length, but as it was not available I have to do the best can under the circumstances . However, I have, every reason to think; that I shall be apis even now to make out; Court worthy of the colony After settling things and far, I went to the Victorian Court a id received a letter from the? railway authority CB advising me about the exhibits, and refuse it shame to let them know how they price Id . ftafaJtUem sent to the' Exhibition I write < litimsdiatcly, asking that no delay shot Id intake place in HAve if there sent to the Quay "D Orsay, had asked them to have the skins its absent YOU Hfl soon after arrival as possible I ["expBoi'toha'.o everything In the Court, ¿l'n«Jsdliyl and hope to see the skeleton of the trophy fixed when I got back to Pine on Wednesday I then went with Mr Huybers to M. Berger private secretary, in order to ascertain when mysteries spirits would be r ready, laii,d«fter.»iylii|c, with many apologies) for the delay! J Soceivad them That trouble robsiDg over Huybers and myself went to dinner at «..Iifinch cafe At those places ?o»roiinlthe Exhibition, some of them being gorgeous streets of having cost over 11 000 is and then I did the following round of official calls, ending up at my hotel is open i "Hi, ham President of the Republic at Palms and' Elyeee, Rue St Honor 2nd The Premier, M Tirard (Minister du Commerce)) I 101, BuedeGrenett« Fri The Lmbussdde JBriManiguel(Lord Lytton), 10, Rub it in Honour 14th. Dtreoteut Generale du 1 Lxpo 3 4 section (Mr Jerger), Champ de Mars nth lord Mayor of London, at Grand Hotel I was received by a gold laced thinking v, till I powdered wig at the Mayor H, rooms he was dressing, so I did not see him, but reserved his card of acknowledgment/during j the, evening Of course, I did not try to see any of these fitful functionaries I called upon, Conly wrote my camp In their call books, and for my years in the evening Mr, 1 j Samuel eating me, and took me with him to Madame theory is 71, Faubourg Prussian where I was very kind ly received Madame via agrea^ttocljer of iiiiisjp,ami arming, and it is their: usual custom half yearly to give a display of the work done by her pupils in the presence of the parents and friends of the same There Here about 150 present Some of the children (protW becomes) played and sang very well The enters eminent taste I until 11 o'clock Then everything was cleared away, and dancing commenced, the guests all being got up for the purpose by I I MAY 12 " Having proVed up' my Gladstone's jumped "'ihtö'H'cab'and'drovo'tö'tho railway at the "Gare six words 'future to catch the train for ''snowfall !b'aVlo#-át'llV15'á.m. ''The' crowd of, A riâ'sièhgcrs'"waé so great that, the feitöwjäbBut '30;"w.hö' swinging ns'mè-'aiid, addreus'ori'tliB bag asked me if land boom, ni'açqUainUd'iwithSir.C. DuCatie, as he and, his parents were very great personal friends triffling !&$&$!§ '^P'Äi"!8^6-} ,, copra,, He showed me : all the, places of note on the way, being very well acquainted] with the different places desirous. \jV.c,j /,-arrived!»* Amiens at 1.15 p.m. (65 miles), and there 'was- a rush,' if you like for' the ''City.' it WaS quite amusing to see people' in' oomibglout with their open baskets of tucker "and bottle of wine p the baskets are left j at '"Calais and returned by railway authorities. to Others with a big French, roll and the leg "handling of a fowl between. RV a deflection i''»ini<.»'. (.b»»ui-T-¿nt;ltlilck). The stay only being five minutes' very little eating I was alone in the Cafe, nine-tenths of the paste-, fi,8e)í*Í>rfller"ng. to.talí.otltolr time and thus turned the carriages into dining rooms., j i , We passed under Boulogne, .^herô,1>oing a alarie'.funnel at the entrance. to the town, '?"Wfilcrl"-¡s all we saw of it as we came out the other side., There is nothing worthy; of "'note on the journey to Calais, the country is ?l'iînintèïcstihgl^a, rgreat,';äeal if 'it being very low, nnd'^tlie'lsóil'biíihg very sandy At 3.45 we arrived at the' quay at Calais, vl(17ß'miles)*-.where we stepped out of the train on to the steamer. visit . -i ; i t -e r itoThe'Government aro1;building!new and iii*xteh«ivc,'harbotiia, here,';which.are much required. The tide being very low-it looked u as, bad i On. the Tamar River: at low seawater., I (The Empress's grand' paddle-boat, about 400ft. long a few. minutes after four' 1.1 j ". 1.1 ' ,, hour and, nine' minutes doing the 25 miles 'IHówdo'ydii like that for going!' Strange to 0'layáiiíoHi»'thé passengers on board was the late Sir G. Du Cane's eldest son, the other; He is the very picture of Ills' brother.' We' did not see the English coast until we were' half way across the channel, then chop fine ftohttlklcliffsof.DoVerstOudoUtio bqlilfieliefi. and on the hill overlooking the town as; it .i.iWerbstsnds.Doycr Castle, whichis splendid old edifice, and is now occupied by the game rison stationed at Dover.:!'! 1 is. There's nothing of. any great interests, v n beyond the Castle at Dover as the buildings., are comparatively uninteresting. It is true mothers are some works In connection with the /..'.long!projected channel tunnelling, don't, iTthiskither* iémuchipossibility,of,the Paris:! most of England passing the Bill authorising the continuance of this stupendous work. A U Vertical shaft. has been Rink and the tunnel excavated under the sea for some distance in in the direction of the Admiralty Pier, which I.r'lal730']lards,long,''bùt:(he promoters had' to i autopsies Working accountant the Govornment nrrthreateuing'tlitm with legal proceedings for northern illegal action;.. Wedd not get away" ^rfi6m¡;Dóver"«tátIob/,fori;ari hour after the inartistic time of startling iniaàhsequenoei of the ?pfspeit/i delay,: occasioned by examining the luggage, which was An account of the number" -" of passenger being. unusually large." <''' I li have heard a great deal about the gr tell -fields of old :Englsnd,-but~too muchea not be said of them, As far as the eye could "geVjirahtf pictures on both sides wheel r iii-! *'*»¥tnWugliKfnesfjread'odt. "Everyone here' SoutbdcW^SlM C^Si^'lhè^Vwlth their lambs by their sides, could be seen feeding on thaw extensive pasture, One passed through orchards of great, magnitude, with) sheep 'lead. bag on the grass in them For you know, or see an orchard as we have them, with all the grass off and nothing but the soil below the trees Pruning is unheard of; except On avails, or when the trees are staked ; comic quently they grow to an immense size Ilion you pass through littodrnds of acres of hop poles, with the lines just starting on their upward course Women are seen working with the bee clearing the ground, while their offspring are either sitting in a perambulator or playing close by Then to add to all the vernal beauty oaks, elms, pines, ashes and poplars are to be found on all sides, either in clumps in the fit I Is, or surrounding the orchards, which all add to the grandeur of the scene If our Tasmanianfarmorsonly saw to what state of perfection farming is carried on in this country many of them would soon Live up the idea of aspiring to quantity by turnip g their attention to properly corking (smaller areas The hawthorn hedges are I beautifully kept, and are placed of the windy side of the hop grounds as a protection to the severe easterly winds so well- known in England till I w o arrived at Canterbury just sitting sim down, but there was sufficient light to see the celebrated cathedral In that town, with Its grand towers, one of '235ft a and the others of heart in height Canterbury is only a small place of about 20,000 inhabitants At no great distance from Canterbury IS Rochester, with its cattle dray, which I did not think much of, but close by stood on an eminence a grand old castle, which was built by the Archbishop of Canterbury (W. Corbett), and l;20 PIle square Keep, 64ft in height, only now remains, and with the outer walls is a fine specimen of Norman architecture It now belongs to the Corporation Contiguous to Roebcttcr is Chatham, on the Medway, which we crossed these are found the great dockyards, where the principal ships of the British Navy are built, it is also one of the chief naval arsenals' and military stations in Great Britain I « as finally ' to! see any more of the country, in consequence of his dog told rain, Which we experienced on Hearing the ghost city (if the world ' ¡ Just before arriving at the Victoria Station, we passed over the roofs of houses and under the, Crystal Palace, eventually nrnving'atour destination at 5 p', m Hour behind time It takes eight hours estate go from Paris to London It is 08 miles from Dover to London I jumped into a hansom I and ordered cabby to drive 100 to the Hotel Windsor, Victoria street. about a quarter of a mile from the station, at the west end, the fashionable part of London, the Agent General having taken a remain there for me On my arrival, a (gent, in buttons, took my bag, 1 and another con ducted mc to my bedroom, on the Mind floor, 111 a very handsome lift My old friend Hunter, who was staying at the hotel, soon found in a out, and after having some dinner and a yarn and smoke ( with him over the fire (it being very cold in the smoking room, in feeling tired, turned I in at 10 o'clock j i MAYH' Herschel, the great astronomer, says Lon don in the centre of the terrestrial globe in etc, I am not going to argue the apricot news of this assertion, but certainly it is the centre of commerce, of wealth, and of In terrestrial life likaw|ee,af fogs As history tells, and of course it is always right to quote from history, there was a town where the present city of the world stands before the Romans o uno which the Britons knew us C ter Ludd or the City of Lead The pit sent name is derived from the Latta LoWl dinners, mentioned by Tacitus as " a city not indeed dignified by the title of a colony, but frequented by a large number of merchants and by many ships entering its part ' I have added this little bit of information for the benefit of my young readers I 1 Being tip in good time till morning I got my breakfast of solo and a delicious piece of steak (the like oFwhWri'lB''unkhówh to Using Tasmania) and being thus armed made my way to the officers of our Agent Garner late kaWjuAg) appointment The whole of (he, AgentSuenqral have their offices in the sire terrace um Victoria Street On both sides of the street building,) are very massive, bpingljito stories highly Our) colony has officer on the ground floor, J Westminster, Chambers, and at the entrance from the street on each side of ' the door, the words Agent General for lAetriania 'arosujficicntly conspicuous for a blind man almost to find out the way in The offices are at the back of the Irish ling ntl 1 considering the position and size I do not think £250, the rental paid, is out of the was a of the Agent General and myself did not lose much time in getting to business It having been announced there was to be a sale of a portion if the apples that had, arrived by s s Iberia by W N White and Co , Covent Garden, we jumped into a cab and arrived just in time to take part in (the buying) About 800 cases were put up and sold that number only having arrived in the market so the be- lance in the hands of ty N yf and Co are to be sold on W ed nesday, I was surprised at the prices some of the apples brought -»V^olllngton Pippins, 14s, Pearmains, 8s to 17s , ¡ Sturmers, 14s, Crabs, 12s , view Yorks, from 16s (to 17s 6d I row« Eggs, 10s to 17 The apples that were packed separately in paper brought 2s more a better than those sent in the ordinary way, and it would be as well to urge upon growers, if they ever mean to establish a trade, wh, school am now convinced can be done, they must, ttaKb a little extra trouble in packing their fruit. I tasted a New "Yi rt Pippin, also a Scarlet Pearmain, and they were really good. We bought n) out 60 cases for Paris, Crown Eggs, New York, and Pearmains, and they averaged 10s 6d It is simply absurd to send early pearn I saw a 191 of Napoleons sold, and though they were, carefully packed, and brought 6s per case, I would not have given as many pence for them The boxes containing the tomatoes originally, on being opened were passed but, as the tomatoes had passed out It is nonsense to send tomatoes from Australia when they carry be obtained from Italy and the south of France without having to undergo so many climatic changes. You would have been amused to have seen -frwud._BraO.don and myself stuck on some empty cases (provided by the upon liqueurs for us) With our superfine black' hats (toppers) and coats, bidding for every lot of fruit put up, The trade, must have taken us for two well sent (by the way we were buying), who finding our occupations, gone, were going to try our hands in the, green grocery line. ,,, ,,,,", After the sale went through the, markets, and though it, was a cheerless, f miserable morning, which of course would "tend to, make everything dismal, still I was very much disappointed with the BO much tasked Lof Covent Garden Market. There are, better ; markets in both Melbourne, and Sydney. We then walked back to the Agent-General's Office by the Thames embankment, and on arriving at Westminster Bridge, I beheld, right in front, of mc, Parliament Houses.' Well, the buildings are a little different to 'ours. They were built, or rather started in 1840, tttidflnislicd.in 1857, and the whole pile covers 8 acres. The general style of the building is Gothic The clock tower fronting Westminster Bridge with Big Ben for a bell is 40ft. square and 320ft. high. On the top of the tower the electric light is fixed, and is lit at night whenever Parliament is sitting, and put out when an add journment takes place. Westminster Abbey joins, Parliament House, but I will reserve further description until I have an oppor- tunity of a Visiting them on my return to England. i i 11 I After luncheon I took a cab and made my way to the Age) and variety Offices. Met Mr. Bryant, formerly of The Mercury literary staff,, who welcomed her very kindly. Called on the dizzily people, saw the manager, she promised to do anything I required. Then Walked into St, ,BridorBtroot, which is about 50 yards off the Age and Argus Offices, which are opposite to each other to Gordon i and Gotch's office. Got book, to my, hotel about 6 pm. ! i ? I \- After dinner Bryant and self went to the Empire Theatre in Leicester -square It is a very handsome place, the entertainment being of the variety sort. I was I not astonished atianythingilisaw or heard. Got back to my lodgings in a 'bus for sixpenny at 111130 p.m. I forgot to mention that I' saw H. Dobson!.to-day at the Ageiit>Gciioral'» Office, Jiu looks as well as ever he did. He wanted to know whether we were concocting a Leader for The Mercury about .thV'Mt.ln 'Line Railway.' 'Braddon'satdthey did not Wantany'assistanceon'TAsiJoferciuya» far as the Main Line was concerned "'? by I lie ' I will '. and i J "IMAV'14. '' ' Called' in to see' Mr. Braddon, in order to arrange one or two matters; the alteration of position of Tin Trophy etc.,. Head 'mo made an hon. member of the St. George's Club, and also took me to the Army and Navy Stow, and had we put up there. I like it If it underfill place. Yon can get anything and everything you like There are from 5,000 to 6,000 people employed on the establishment Their turn over last year was £3,000,000. The place is crowded, and there are two lifts going all day. At 1 o'clock I wended my way to St James' Park, at the corner of which stands Buckingham Palace, a very large and massive building, very plain, but good, i It having been announced: that Her Majesty would at 2 p.m. hold a drawing room, an immense number of carriages had been waiting, ) with ladies in! full evening costume, before I arrived there Many of the ladies were indulging I in a sandwich and drinking out of a flask Someone near ino Bandit was Whisky I walked over a mile, and did not get anything like to the end of JthelchrrTagcsj so thought it best to get back to a spot near the entrance, where I could behold the! beauty and royalty of England. Shortly after 2pm the reception room silenced, and for one hour, as fast as the carriages could go in on turn into the Palace entrance, this state of things continued, I saw some magnificent State coach, with the po\vdcrod1a"cquiWs^bohind^ The Prince and Princess of Wales arrived in their golden chariot, with theirBérvadts ingold, escorted by a number of the Soofsf Life Guards Prior to their arrival, the Guards had arrived With their band all mounted on black horses, (he Guards forming up as a Guard of Honour at the entrance gate to the Palace They looked splendid on their black horses, which is the only colour allowed except In the case of the trumpeter, Mho'ridosa dark grey steed The 2nd Life Guards were drawn up also in the court yard Every man most result in height They are a magnificent regiment i Somcot the women were pretty, but that was the exception if you had only seen tree got up Of some of the old dowagers you would never forget it. It is supposed to cast £100 to take a lady to a Drawing room Judging by the way the carriages were filled with train, for you could see nothing She bat the head of a woman in many of tl e car' Hager, J I 'am not surprised at the coil i Westover deficiency existed in having snell Indies fixed up in one horse shapes many were and also allowing for the vast number of ugly women! I saw, the display of floral decorations inside the carriages in the shape of bouquets, or rather more properly styled buckets, and the splendid show also on the coats and fronts of the coachmen" and footmen, fully compensated, for everything Mrs H Dobson and her two daughters were there There must have been over 100,000 people looking on, li walked back through St. James' Park, which is close to my hotel, and, as far as I could see, there were four rows of carriages, Sat down and had a cigar in the Bark, and was comfortably enjoying it when a fellow poked a ticket under my nose demanding one penny for sitting on a chair, I had a little fun out of him, and at last handed him over the brown " i j Went back to the hotel and, got dressed for the meeting of the Colonial Institute, which is to take place at 8 I) am,, at the Whitehall Rooms, Metropole Hotel. I was invited to the dinner at Spin, which takes place before the meeting, but not being Me to Concert pitch, I thought illness' to absent myself from that part of the proceedings At a Quarter 41 so 8 o'clock JL_drQVe_to the Metropole and was inhered] saW the lecture-room, rash th would CTmforiably seat 600 Was májphbd up to a front scattered tcidjthat 1 should he called upon to say something during, the, evening This quite-took me aback, as I i,iu,¡utr¿,.,j UM¡Í.UI>. ~v_u.!f Zu »llodluVnavd Vtrtriarbii: myself on (my first appearance beforo'/nn'lKnollf _ ... " jgllfH I audience "However, I had to make a virtue of a recess sityNnd'dcf'crminedb door die, Ttibattend. lines was very large, the ball bold filled by a presentatives of both sexes '' The Dalwood Manchester occupied the chair Mr. Braddon was, listened to very actively, Aldinga. frequently applauded during his address. It was very well delivered,' which had a good deal to, with its success, Mr Jas Macfarlane sat next to me, Photo were also present Rev, Montgomerie our few Bishop, whoNpbHtJi.Uori1 F GrubWf HkDàUia, MiV Braddon, Miss Parsons (Cock's boy's eldest sister), whtflkncw'às Tasmanians. ' 'At the conclusion rqf thc,kddréet Sir A Mr Davies, a nictnWr "of'the~Tasmanmn I Legislature and l'lxecntlH»'Cmnrals»ioner for Tasmania at Paris, to address the meeting, {marvhi-dtup on to the dui»ritryitig to feel as bold as brass, but I have. to and in burdened myself. I started by expressing my thanks as a Tasmanian to Mr. Braddon for the address he had delivered, and, congratulated him on the way he had handled the subject, considering the vastness of its nature I went on., to say that the Agent General and Sir A Blyth had so fully dealt with tlie,clim»to,, scenery, and other, natural advantages of my island home, that I would confine myself to drawing special attention to the enormous and its developed wealth that existed in Tasmania. I referred to the Bischoff Tin Mining Co., was being the richest tin mine in the world, and pointed out that is all the capital of the company had been sunk in the first instance, and if it had not been for the leniency and assistance of the Banking Institutions of the colony, who had advanced something like £35,0, this great mine of wealth would have remained undeveloped, thus showing the necessity of providing sufficient capital to open (out properly the gold and tin lodes, to ensure a good return to the, investor.., That was the position, that Tasmania ( Undi, y herself in stripes sent ; she had, therewas not the slightest doubt, untold i wealth- awaiting Itofl be developed in the |t different parts of, the colony. On the eastern side from George's ! Bay, ; all through the District of Portland to Ringarooma, large quantities of tin shed f torn lodes had been taken out of the gullies and river beds but in order to work the large lodes that have been recently found, it required the introduction! of foreign capital. The same might be said of I the West Coast, in the enormous discoveries of galena, at "Mount Zeehan, and the surround- tug country, where over 40,000 acres of land had been taken up, and although quantities i of galena had been ruined and. aent_out-of-thoujiolony,ta~be tested, with results that had astonished those experienced in silver mining, the assays being from 50 to 150 per cent, of silver per ton, and up to 70 percent, of lead. Still what we desired lin Tasmania was that some of the capitalists of the Horse country should send out an expert, to report to their pi to the nature and magnitude of our mineral wealth, , I said I felt: "sure the outcome would be that those investors would be rewarded a hundredfold for so doing, and they would not only add further to their own wealth, but would confer an everlasting blessing upon a colony which had always been described as the Garden of the South, but which would ere long also be known as the Gem of the Southern Seas. ,_;',_ , > M, Larnach, of New Zealand, Messrs. Dennibton Woods (Bothwell), Borwick (very old Tasmanian-hall (manager of N.Z. and Mercantile Loan Association), Phil Robin son (a correspondent who was in Tasmania last year), also spoke, and the Curator of the Kow Museum, who i praised our woods up sky high, The I Duke of Manchester] (a good old specimen of a port wide Duke) complimented Mr. Braddon upon his ad- dress, and after a brief reply, we moved off at 12 o'clock- 11 went off with Poole into the Metropole, and cot among some Pressmen and we parted just before the and night hour. I'm J i i in I * MAY 15 Just caught the 10.55 a.m. train from Victoria Station for Calais. Had two very fussy old ladies in my carriage. Struck up' an acquaintance! with them, and found that they were going for a holiday to Switzerland, being overworked in connection with immigration. One of them seemed to be well informed about Australia as a field, but said the distance prevented, or rather frightened many from going. They could get to America insight days, and it took over a month to go to Australia, i I gave her my card and she asked me to call upon her, but she could not find her yard so she wrote her name on a luggage label, which I shall keep" as aJcurioiity, >" Mrs. Hume's, 19, Talbot square, Hyde- park." Arrived at Dover at 1 o'clock,'jumped'on board (the steamer ' found several of my friends there, i Mr. Jas. Macfarlane came as far as Calais on his way to join Mrs. M. in Switzerland. Sir H. Loch I was also among the passengers' I halls long talk with him. It was so foggy going across soon after starting that the fog- horn was kept continually' blowing. This delayed | us a little longer on the- passags./Y The sea was comparatively calm, out the women folk succumbed very much. The fog did not clear up until we passed Amiens on the return journey. Arrived at take Gare du Nord at me-, 7.30 p.m. I forgot to mention that I met Mr, Dobson at the Queen's reception, having an outside ticket like myself, 54 was lifted a cat on hot bricks, in consequence of a tell-, gram he had seen from Mr C. H. Grant to Dr. Davidson, Secretary Main Line RailWay, that the Government had been ' yds I feated and the rail way had obtained a. "Verdict full with, costs.'" This' does not) speak roden tor 'ear law advisers. I don't think, however, that Mr. Dobson never, be. donated to get a verdict fol-'the'iiill amount. r f' ?' , 7 ' '" "MAv'lO I J" Rushed off to the Quay D'Orsay the first thing, and found that all our exhibits had arrived in this' Court on Tuesday afternoon, ; furthermore, that the tin trophy had been attacked, and was nearly completed for the pleadings to be put on. The Whole of the cadets have arrived safely, and in good con- dition I Have had to alter my original arrangements as to laying out the Court in consequence of the entrance from the New Zealand Court being only 14ft, and our trophy is '20ft, wide. However, the Court will look very decent We have got to cut; down the trophy a little, as the top is too high, and goes into the painted canvas in the roof. I, will reduce ft from the bottom to the the squatness off. In the afternoon I attended Mr J Walker's afternoon tea. Lady Lytton and Lady Loch were present, Sir Henry Loch and a host of American and Australian celebrities I afterwards dined with Mr Castella, of St. Hubert renown in Victoria He took me to the best cafe in Paris as far as getting wines is concerned carried on by a Wine merchant named G. Braquessace, Cafe Voeson, 261, Rue St Honor. I Had the finest claret there that I have ever tasted it is called Contarcc. 1 " ^ ( MAY 17 The show of Rhododendrons is something lovely In the Exhibition ground. There, were beds of them extending for over 200yds , with trees up to 15ft.' high, and river, sort that are known St'present. I have taken the names of some to see if I can get them. There must be in one place or another three 'acres of them There is also a., beautiful pink. Cowering horse became here j r 