n -vV letters (accord'ug to the Age) — KJT. ! d ' E Tor , BA Lar;ivedin town last week, Right ral etc. , R' MOORF'S Btatue is expected to reach S D Smontb.» What! more t K T rTfiKii sot seven days for playing at- 4 f Vm in a blind alley in Sydney last admg em \- a Dr brought in Crook well and a Dr. KTOOWOOI'II!^. And it is dry in Toowoomba ,-st in Crookwell. ft rv 4M)KBPG>- is Baid 110 be en § a ed g to a I RNING MAU IU TTIE SHIRFC BUSINE8S IN WOOD " ^Cheapside, London. ' , tH .HE*L:W doctor, named G. M. Bezold, Lout his sign in Sydney. Some p ople probee the name Be Sold ! 0EKRR PARKES celebrated his seventyfa birthdav the other day. It therefore lot be true, as is so very maliciously insinuated', f be sailed as a cabin-boy with Captain Cook. \ LONG New South Wales barristers Mr. Pilcher I .rood grounds supposed to make £4000 a year ; Jf Manning, £8000 ; Mr. Want, £4000, and [Rogers between £4000 and £5000. Lg Adelaide police, it seems, object to Zola's lis and Sankey's hymn books being exhibited sale together in the shop windows. So would i, we have no doubt. ui, C'ROVKR CLEVELAND was the thirteenth for who bas been President of the United jes and his successor is the fourteenth, fyers are of better repute there, apparently, i iu 6ome places. LE Colonial Treasurer of Queensland was a pher, the Lieutenant-Governor a bullock-driver, [more remarkable still, the Chief Justice of y was once a journalist. Nothing dignifies in Queensland. ivBRAL commissions have been sent from peyto Sculptor Bal 1 , whose William Wallace 1 lately unveiled at Ballarat. Ball worked hey before coming to Melbourne and was duly [red out of that stepmother abode of art. It is je lie achieved repute by his Wallace that Irs have been sent. newly-appointed American Consul-General loodon—Mr. John C. New—is a journalist. IRussell Lowell, who was one of his prede- W is an accomplished writer, and a poet of a p order. The United States Government takes ^that its representatives shall be able to 1 write, if not good English, good Imcaii. We can scarcely say the same • Government, though one of its heads was [ enemies say is) a writer for the Press. We pose—if Mr. New has a family—he has been fiionally asked by his friends if there were any 'mews." Friends are like that. IIBLE BELLEW is the hero of a good story which fog toldof the manner in which he works up [spirit of his theatrical love affairs. At a certain i Mr. Bellew himself was the lion of the fog and entering the room he, as is his custom, i his eyes most constantly with a long, pointed Mpona-certain young lady. lie talked with F two people, but still kept his eyes upon that P kr At length he asked the hostess to Nace him to the apparently fascinating visitor pen after the introduction he managed to lead |»wy to some shadowy corner where there was From this moment the romantic comedy w. Although iiellew cannot play the piano he pike precisely two chords upon it, and there his proficiency begins and ends. Or- this won he rau his fi„g e rs through his ample locks if ru ^ord No. 1 " You are fond of r 00? Eald the young lady. " Passionately!" f response. Once more he ran his fingers "«»Hair, and struck chord No. 2. Then %1 « . j . " i! y God i S6yes dreamil y 0D vacancy, and ^Slii'eKo'i niy cllild 5 if you only knew , 8°tthe n" ! " T^en of course the young P*^ bim an ? aud music an . d begged for an -Wo? aphy And tfcie sort of : thing a n y time he makes his appearance _ ' LADY LOCH still carrying on trawling operations," is the concise manner in which the Herald stated the case. We wonder what Her Excellency i3 fishing for now ? "A CURSING match will he held to-day at Digger's Rest," Baid one ot the dailies last week. We presume the contest was not intercolonial, as Sir John Robinson was not over. S. T. ABBLASTER is the name of the proprietor of Job's Gully powder factory, Sandhurst. (We regret, by the-way, to notice that Mr. Arblaster met with an accident lately.) Bis name is too appropriate for safety. ME. W. T. CARTER, the young member for Williamstown, stated in the Bouse the other night that " he had the fortune to be an Australian. ' Too modest altogether. The foitune is on the side of Australia. MR. THOMAS WOOLNER, R.A., who hes been commissioned to execute a bust of Sir Thomas Elder, of South Australia, is a poet as well as a sculptor. He is the author of that tender and charming poem, "My Beautiful Lady." But, of course, he has to live just the same as any common proEe person who is not a sculptor. SIR GEORGE VERDON, who has returned to this city after a visit to Brisbane, where he established a branch of the E. S. and A. C. Bank, was once a grocer's assistant in a Melbourne suburb. He then studied law and became a barrister', got into Parliament, secured a portfolio, went to England as Agent-General and then came back as Melbourne manager-of the bank mentioned. M. ULBACH, a prominent Parisian literary man, died suddenly a short time ago, just before taking the chair at a public dinner. Death evidently didn't allow him to have the privilege of boasting, "Fate cannot harm me—I have dined to- day." Still he might have died of indigestion if he had lived long enough to attend the dincer. The most tragic facts of life have their compensations when you look at them all round. A DR. THOMATIS, tutor to the late Prince Imperial, has opened a college in a part of New South Wales. The doctor was a candidate for the Queensland Parliament a short time back, but was not encouraged. As he could not rule a nation, he has now set himself to rule a squad of urchins, on the g ound that the school is the Parliament of the future. Hy-the-way. it is doctor in philosophy, and not in medicine, Mr. Thomatis'fprefix signifies. DB. TAHRANT sends good news from London. His political and journalistic friends in Sydney were aware he had more than p'easure in his eye when starting for the o'd land. Now they aie told that he has floated the Unkulunda mine, and that hitherto barren and repulsive quarter of Queensland will have £100,000 showered upon it. Dr. Tarrant was Member of Parliament and member of the Hospital Board for many jears. He was leader among colonial Freemasons. He • was director of the Qlobe evening newspaper and part owner of a radical weekly. It was suggested to the doctor that he should try to enlist capital for the establishment of a great daily newspaper to cover both Sydney and Melbourne, but so far' the suggestion has borne no fruit. " KING HUMBERT received a cordial farewell at Berlin," says a contemporary. Doesn't this seem to be, not to put too fine a point on it,. a trifle ambiguous ? A LONDOJT paper says : —" Mrs. Blitz, who has achieved some degree of popularity in Australia as a writer of sketches of Australian life, some of which appeared in Australian papers, has had the stories reprinted in one volume. We are glad to hear it—but who is Mrs. Blitz, and what papers did her stories appear in ? But perhaps she lived in Tasmania. We believe there are papers published in Tasmania. THE members of the ClanGregor Society—whose ancestors used to be the nameless ishmaelites of the Highlands—are taking measures " to restore and protect" the grave of that patriotic cattleduffer, Rob Roy. A century hence or so the Clan Kelly may be taking steps to erect a monument to that martyr of tyranny, iS'ed, of that Ilk. Time is a great transformer, a remark which we think has been made before. KING HONESTY VII. io the title of a sable monarch on the old Calabar Coast, Afr'ea. If the name of the firat of this royal line was not given him—as it most probably was—in sarcasm by some English traveller he bad robbed, end adopted in good faith born of ignorance of what "Honesty" meant, then there have been more honest kings in Old Calabar than in all the rest of the world besides. By-the-way, there is a river in the dominions of King Eonesty VII. called " the Rummy." This settles the matter. The civilised English Aryan has been there. SIGNOR CRISPT, th-3 Italian Prime Minister, describes Gfneral Boulangeras a charlatan. That's what people having the courage of their opinions used to call the late Napoleon III. before the coup d'etat of 1852. After that he was "your Imperial Majesty." It may be the same with Boulanger, and we daresay he would make as good a monarch, taken all round, as most of the other crowned heads of Europe. He has not yet shown any si^ns of being epileptic, or scrofulous or mad, at any rate, and this is a good deal to say for a sovereign—always excepting our own, whom Providence preserve, as of course it will—in these days. SIR JAMES GARRICK, formerly Agent-General for Queensland, who has just got back to Biisbane, only, however, to return to Londou in the course of a few weeks, is supp sed to have gone to that colony on business connected with the Queensland National Bank writs, in which Sir Arthur Palmer, Sir Tbos. M'Jlwraith and others are concerned. He has very large interests there, and lecently declined £40,0C0 for one of bis estates. He iB vigorous and determined as a politician, and full of fire as a speaker, when he can be roused, which is rarely, as he is constitutionally lazy. MR. CHARLES ROBINSON, Inspector of Public Works, reported lately that 2G0 machine-made bricks had been Btolen from a stack near the entrance to Government House. Perhaps they have been taken by muBical enthusiasts with a view to applaud the performance of the Governor's next new song. It is curious, however, that wbf n the trunk of a young man—who was adietinguifched figure at Goverment House and disappeared lately, forgetting both his trunk and his bill—was opened by his landlady the other day it was found lull of bricks, MR. HENNIKER HEATON, member of the Imperial Parliament for Canterbury, is a lucky man. Be has made a name for himself in the Metropolis of the World, where names are hard to make, by a mere wave of the hand, so to speak. A whole article, nearly three columns long, under the heading of "Coming Men," is devoted to him and his past and probable future career in the London Figaro to hand by last mail. It seems from this article that he has a very fair chance of becoming Chancellor of the Exchequer or, at least, Postmaster-General, before he dies. Also that he is known as "The Member for Australia." Further that he is only forty-one years of age and has "a devoted wife," with whom he "goes to the Queen's Garden Parties." Furthermore that he is determined to establish penny postage through the British Empire. And, finally, that he ie a Conservative, and has inherited a share in several Australian newspapers, and is himself a clever journalist." Bere is a man whom at firist sight every Australian should be proud of. And yet we are not proud of him. When we say this, we mean that we are not particularly proud of him. Otherwise, we consider him a creditto any country thatcherishesaprimitive picturesque contempt for itself. He has had the fortune (asheand his admirers would probably call it) to have been born with a smooth, bard, brazen epidermis, and to have married the daughter of Mr. Sam. Bennett, the late proprietor of the Sydney Evening 1Yews and Town and Country Journal, who brought with her as dowry a share in those papers. That is how be "inherited" it. He was a canvasser not so many years ago, as he may perhaps remember—if a copy of this paper should reach his gilded halls in Eaton- square. He is, after all, only a canvasser still, on a somewhat larger scale. We—which in this instance means the present writer—would, perhaps, have a loftier conception of his abilities if we had not happened upon one occasion to hear fiery old Sam Bennett, his fatherin-law (may the heavens be old Sam Bennett's bed, though he was a hard enough lot in his lifetime !), giving orders for him to be fired out of the Evening News office on his high-born ear. Also, we cannot forget that though he may now be wrapped in the purple of Conservative orthodoxy and a " coming map," we saw him once with his face spattered with ink into a semblance of the Greek Archipelago by a justly irate contributor—a work of art which he accepted in the cool, unflurried, uninsurable way which since seems to have made him famous. As to his being a "clever journalist" he is the first of the kind we have heard of who had to employ a " ghost" to write his speeches for him. As a matter of fact, Mr. Henniker-Beaton is not a great man in any sense, and knows it. But like all of the class he has a sound digestion and no more sensitiveness than a rhinoceros. He will never have a wrinkle in his face if he lives till the age of Old Parr. If there is no other world beyond this present one Mr, Heaton is a man to be envied. MR. J. P. ABBOTT, as temporary chairman of committees, piloted the Intercolonial Debts Bill through committee in five minutes. It is claimcd by members in New South Wales that that is the fastest time on record in any Australian Parliament. MB. THOS. BENT, M.L.A., has to forfeit over £100,000 in connection with bis late land transactions. This Bbould be. a solemn warning to Members of Parliament never to speculate in land when they are in Opposition. When they ere on the Government sfde of the House it is a different matter. A little unassuming railway, built without any flourish of trumpets, occasionally improves the prospects of a piece of country in a wonderful way. MR. SHIEIS, member forNoimsnby, in an able speech he delivered against the cloture last week, happened to refer to M. Guizot, the eminent French historian and statesman. " What's his name?" interjee'ed that keen wit, Mr. Wood?. " Guizot," replied Mr, Shieis. " Thought you said • geyser 5' " remarked the wi!d v ag, Woods. " Laughter," says the reporter. What cultured gentlemen we have to represent us, to be sure ! MR. "JIMMY" SCOIT, the eminent solicitor, whose offer to rep esent Richmond in Parliament was so enthusiastically declined by the electors last April, seems determined to keep his name well beforei the public. He brought an action against a woman last week for £1 8s. 6d. for professional services. The woman denied having engaged him, and refused to pay. One day he came into her shop and got a dozen of eggs and a bottle of pickles, telling her he would take them on account. He got a verdict. Nobody who has a small grocery store, or even a few fowls and a kitchen garden, need deny themselves the luxury of going to law while Mr. Scott is able to get about, j 