Jlttm0emeiif0. A pianoforte recital given by Madam Jaffa in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening did not ?have the effect of attracting a vary large audience ; indeed, the attendance was far from conircecEurate with the excellence of tha per formance. The programme opened with a sonata in E fiat4 op. 7, by Beethoven, and from the ekilfnl manner in which it was interpreted it was easily Eeen that aa a piamste ilaaata Jaffa occupies a very high position, Ketten's Spinning Song, a ewaet morceaa, fol lowed, and proved most enjoyable. ' Illustza tioEB du Prcphete,' by Liszt, afforded tne aivieie an opporcunity ror tae ois play of her manipulative power. An 'OtBian ballad (Gottschalk) was a num ber soft scd dreamy in character, and served as a foil to the selection freaa tha works of the immortal Abb£. A cradle son;?, the composition of Kv&niff;, partook of th^ebftrac ter of a luilaby, arid v?a? artistically iatsr prtted. The firet part of the procr&intng; coa clcdf d with a rondo brilliante by Rlendelssoha, which sparldiog work was given with a dash and verve that were quite refreshing. The aecend portion or the recital cocmenc-id with a tiauEciiption by Madame Jaffa on Sir Wil li-»3r. EobinEon'E popular sossg '? Kemember me eo more,' which was well received. That beautiful composition '* Hark the lark ' proved as welcome as ever, and Madama Jaffa then tieated her audience to a Etlection, con EiEting of a pclouaise, nocturne, etuda, miz:itka, and rake from Chopin's works. Chopin's writings have always been exceedingly popular among the music- loving public cf Adelaide, and the many exquisite passages rendered by Madame JaSa were done ample jastica to by that lady, whose efiorts were greeted with loud applause. A number, ' Polka da la Heine,' by Raff, was played most brilliantly, and a Polish dance as weil as a rhapsodie, by Liezt, Eerved as tests for Madame Jaffa's digital skill. The recital was brought to a close by the playicg of a beautiful pasquinade, by Gottschalk, which waa highly appreciated. It is much to be regretted that the attendance was so limited. An entertainment was given in Garner's Rooms on Saturday evening by the Court Minstrels, assisted by a number of well known amatuers, in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. 'George Cannsli, The house was crowded, there being hardly a vacant chair. The first part of the programme was composed of a Christy minstrel entertain ment, and the members of the company were very successful in amusing the audience. The singipg of Blaster G. Webb, who rendered ?' Chiming bells,' was especially well received. After the interval an excellently arranged pro gramme was carried out by Messrs. O. EL NitEchke, lu M. Tier, J. O'Sullivan, Coles, J. T. Cook, and Arthur Gordon, The Hind marsh Quartet Club also gave several eeiec tioEB in a pleasing manner. The audienca were sent borne in a good humor by the amusing farce, entitled ' Cheating the Ghost,' which vras carried out by Messrs. M, H, Jacoby, A. Gordon and Mr. D. CTGrady, The Straeburg Clock is Btill attracting numerous -visitors, who are greatly pleased with this marvel of mechanical skill. There is a procession of the Apostles every 15 minutes, which is well worth seeing. 