THE DAY WILL COME. By M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Acdlet's Secret," "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Un like," "The Fatal Three," &c.;,.&c.; CHAPTER XIV. Inclination would have takon Theodore 'Dal brook to Dorsetshire before tbc Christmas holidays gavo him an excuse for going home, but ho wrestled with that haunting desire to' revisit the priory, and to be again ttc-a-tlte with lii3 cousin in tho dimly lighted room where- Bho had talked to him of her own sorrows and of his ambitions. The memory of that last evening was tho most vivid element in his life. It stood out like a spot of light against the dull grey of monotonous days, and tho burden of ilry-as-dnst reading. .But he hall told her that he should' not see her until Christ mas time, and he was not -weak enough to in dulge that insane longing for tho society of a woman whose heart was in tho grave of hor hus- band. November and the grcator part of December stretched bofore hini, liko a long dark road which had to bo trodden somehow before he' como to the inn at which there would bo light and comfort, cheerful voices and friendly greet ings. Ho sot his faeo resolutely towards that' dark prospect, and tramped along, doing tho work bo had to do, living tho lifo of a hermit in those chambers in Fenot-court, which bad already taken tho stamp of his own character, ' and looked as if he had lived in them for years. Ho had no need to sit alono at night with his books and his lamp, for chore wore plenty of houses in whioh lie would liave.becb welcome. His name was a passport in legal circlos. Old friends of James Dalbrook wore ready to wolcomo his kinBinan to their tables, eager to ho of service to him. Ho had his collcgo friends, too, iu tho groat city, nnd need not havo gone companion- less. But he was not in tlio mood for society of any kind, old or young, excepting tho society' of.Blackstone, Coke and Justinian, and divers other sages who out of tho dim past shed their ' light upon tho legal wilderness, pf. tho' preseut. He sat by his fire and read law, and laid down , his book only to smoke his meditative, pipe and indulgo in foolish waking dreams about that grave old houso in Dorsetshire and tho young ' widow who lived there. Ho had followed two of thoso throe children' of tho oldjsquiro, two out of the thrco faces in' the picture in tho hall at Chcriton, to the end of their story. No man could discover any postcript to that story, which in each caso wns closed by a grave. There remained only ono last unfinished re cord, tho history of tho runaway wife, the ond whereof was open to doubt. That unlucky lady's fate had been accepted upon. hearsay. It liad. been said that shq had died n.t Boulogne, witliin a ycar.or so after tho vicar mot her there. Upon his return from Jorsey, Theodore had written to his father's oldost aud most ox-' perienced clerk, begging him to hunt up tho ovidenco of Mrs. Daroy's death, so far as it was obtainable qt Clieriton or in tbo noiglibor-. hood. The olorlc replied as follows, after.an interval of ten days " Dear sir, — I havo been twice to Clieriton, and mado inquiries, cautiously as you. wished, with respect to tho report of Mrs. Darcy's death, somo.15 years ago, and saw tho doctor, Sir. Ledleigh, and Gastor, at tho general Bhop, who, as you are no doubt awaro, is a gentleman who busies liimscl a good deal about othor people's affairs, and sets himself up for being an authority upon mast things. "Mr. Ledleigh I found very vague in his ideas. He remembered tho Into vicar telling him about having mot Mrs. Darcy iu tho market place at Boulogne, and being shocked at the cliango in her. He told Sir. Ledloigh that he did not -think she wns long for this world ; but it was somo timo after when Ledleigh heard somcono —ho could not romembor who it was— assert that Mrs. Darey was dead. " Gaster had much moro to say upon tho sub ject. Ho pretends to bo interested in all remi- niscences of the Strangways, and boasts of having served Cheriton House for fifty-five years. Ho remembers Evelyn Strangway when sho.was a little girl, handsome mul high-spirited. Ho remembered the report of her death at Boulogno getting about the villago, and ho remem bered mentioning tho fact to Lord Cheriton at the time. There was an olection going on just thon, and his Lordship had looked in to con sult, him, Joseph Gaster, about certain business details, and his Lordship seomed sbooked to hear of the poor lady's death. ' I suppose that is the ond of tho family, my Lord !" Gaster said, and his Lordship replied, 'Yes, that was the end of the Strangways.' "Gastor believes that lie must have read of the death in the newspaper ; perhaps copiod from the 2't'wics iuto a local paper; at any rato the fact had implanted itself iu his mind, and it had novcr occurred to him to doubt it. , " I asked him if he knew what had become of the lady's husband, but-hcro his mind is a blank. Ho hail heard tlmt the man was a scamp, and tbat was all he knew about'liim. " Since making these inquiries I have spent a long evening at tho Institution, whore, as you know,' there is a set of tho Times, in volumes, extending ovor a period of 40 years. I havo looked through tho deaths for three years, taking tho year which Gaster thinks ho heard of Mrs. Daroy's death, as the.middle year out of thrco, but without result. It is, of course, unlikely that the death would be advertised if the poor lndy diod friendless nnd in poverty in a foreign town'; but I thought it my duty to mako this investigation. "Awaiting your further commands, Ac., &c.;" There was nothing conclusivo in this; and Theodore fplt that tho history of Sirs. Daroy's later years remained to be unravelled. It was not to bo supposed that tbo runaway wife, who, if she wero yot living must bo an elderly woman, could havo hud act or part in tho murder of Sir Godfrey Carmiohael; hut it was not tho less a part of his task to trace hor story to its final chapter. Then only could ho convince Juanita of the wildnoss of that idea whioh oonneoted tho catastropho of the 29th of July with the exiled Strangways. When ho could say to lier, " You seo that long before that fatal night tho Squire's threo children had vanished from this earth, sbo would be constrained to confess that the solution of the mystery was not to bo sought hero. He. went over to Boulogne, saw. the English chaplain and several of the liotclkocpers. Ho explored the cemetery and examined tho record of tho dead. He visited the police, and he mado friends with the olderly editor of an old estab lished nowspaper : but from all his questioning of various peoplo the result was a blank. Nobody remombered a Mra. Darcy, an English woman of distinguished fippcaranco but fallen fortunes, a woman loug past youth and yot not old. If sho liad lived for any timo in Boulogno she had left no' trace of her existcnco whioh could he discovered ; if she had died and been buried there sho had left no record among the graves. Boulogno could tell him nothing. Ho came back to tho great wildorness of 'London, tbo rallying point for all wanderers. It was thero perhaps that the end of Evelyn Strangway was to be sought. Ho had, as it soeracd to him, only ono clue, the liamo of her governoss. Tho governess was only seven or oight years older than tho pupil, and she might havo survived her pupil, and might havo been in communication with hor till the end. Jasper Crano had told him that there was a strong attachment between Sarah Nowton and the wayward girl she taught. To hunt for a governess among tho thousands of portionless gentlewomen who try to livo by teaohing might seem moro hopeless than tho proverbial search for tbo lost , needle, but Theodore did not despair. If Miss Newton liad remained a spinster and had continued to excrciso her vocation ns a teacher, sho might bo traced through one of those agencies which transact business between governess and employer; but, on tlio other hand, it, as was more likely, sho had loDg ago abandoned tho profession of teacher and liad made sonic obscure marriage, alio would liavo sunk into the vast ocean of middle-class lifo, in whoso depths it would bo almost impossiblo to discover hor. The first thing to be done was to mako a visitation of the agencies, and this task Theodore began two days after his return from Boulogne. Ho had methodised his lifo by this time, devoting a certain portion of his days to Ids cousin's interests, but 111 no wise noglecting the work ho had to do lor his own advancement. Ho had known too many iu«lancca of men who bad made reading law an excuse for an idle and desultory life, nnd he was resolved that liis own course should bo steady and persistent even to doggedncss. . . He had been told that success at tho ' -liar . . was nowadays almost unattainable ; that tho men of ths day who had conquered famo and were making great fortunes were in a manner miraouloui men, and that it was futile for any young mai to hope to follow iu their steps.. The road they had trodden was barred against the now comer. Theodore listened to these pessimists, yet >va.i not discouraged. Ho had told himself that lis would emerge somehow from tho obscurity of a country solicitor's practice — w, onld bring himscli in some wise noarcr tho social level of the woman ho loved, so tfiat if in tho days to come one g cam of hopo should over shino upon that long hopeless lovo ho might he oblo to say to liar, "My place in life-is tho placo your father held when he offored himself to your mother, my determination to conquer fortuno is not less -' than his." , He seldom passed tho dingy door of the ground floor chambers— on which tho soveral names of threo briefless ones wero painted' iu dirty letters that had onoo been white — ..without thinking of liis fortunate kinsman, without wondering what liis life had been like in tpse darksome rooms, and in what shapo fortuno had first appeared to him. He had not married until ho was forty. Long and lonely years had gone before that golden summer tide pf his lifp, when a young and lovely woman had given him happi ness and fortuno. HPw liad he lived in thPse lonely years! Tradition accused . him of miserly habits, of shabby raiment, of patient grinding and scraping to accumu late wealth. Theodore know that if ;he had hoarded his earnings it had -been .for a worthy ond. Ho liad set himself. „ to win o plnoe mnong the lords of the soil. The, land he lovcd.had been to him as a mistress, .and for that he had been content to live poorly and spond his nights in toil. For suoh miserliness Theodore bad nothing but admiration ; and he liad seen how liberally tho man who had scraped and hoarded was ablo to administer a larg« income— how generous as a master, friend and patron tho sometimo misor had shown him self. He spent more , than a week in visiting the numerous ngcncios which aro . employed by the rgreat governess class, but the result of that painstaking exploration .was not altogether barren. ' He succeeded in finding - an elderly porsonago who was at tho head of an old established agency, -who kept lier books with praiseworthy regularity, and' who remembered Sarah Newton. She hnd had no less than fonr Miss Newtons on her register at different times, but there was' only ono Sarah Newton among them, and for this lady sho had obtained a situation in the Lake country so lately as 20th July, 1873— that; is to say, about 11 years bofore tho period of Theodoro'a investigation. On that date Miss Nowton had ontored tha family of a clergyman— tho vicar of a small parish between Amblesido and Bowncss. .Sbs was living in that family four years afterwards, when Miss Palmer, the principal in tho agoncy, last heard of her. "And in all probability .she is living there still," said Miss Palmer. "At hor timo of Ufa peoplo aro not fond of change. I remember her when she was a young. woman, full of onorgy and very impatient of control. I used to see her much oftcner then. Sho seldom kept 8 situation over a twelve month." "Except at Choriton Chase. She was mora . than a. year in tliat situation, I think. " " Clieriton Chase. I don't remember tha namo ; someone else may havo .got hor the .situation. How long ago was sho there, do you suppose?" asked Miss Palmer, turning ovor ono of her neat basil-bound registers. " It was in tho yoar '47-sho loft Chcriton." "Ah, then, it was '.not .us who got her tha berth. My first entry about.hcr is ou tho lltb December, '48. Sho paid her entrniioo -fee oi ono guinea on that date. It.is higher than thai of inferior agencies ; but wo take real troubk for our clionts, and wo mako it our business tc bo safe upon the point .of character. ' 3Vo arc ns careful about tbo families iuto which we sond governesses as about the governesses, wa introduce into familios." The next day was Sunday, and Theodore em ployed that day of rest in travelling by a very slow train to Bowncss, wlioro he arrived at 5 o'clock in the evening, to find mountain and lake hidden in densest gray, and an innkeeper who seemed neither to depiro nor deservo visitors. Happily the traveller was'of the ago at whioh dinner is not a vital question, and ho hardly knew tho toughness of tho steak or the inferior quality of tho codfish sot boforo him in the desolate coffee room. Ho hod a diamond Virgil 1h hiB pocket, and lie sat by the lire reading tha sixth hook by tho paraffin lamp till 10 o'clock, and then went contentedly to a bedroom whioh suggested ghosts or at least nightmare. No deadly, visions troubled him, however, for the. slow train had brought about a condition, of nbjcot weariness which resulted in dreamless slumbers. Tho sun shono into his bleak bed chamber whou lie awoke next morning, and the lake stretched beneath his windows shining, silvery, melting dimly into tho groy of the opposite shore. Tho mountains wore sulkiug still, and only showed their rugged crusts above dark, rolling clouds ; but tho scene was an improvement upon the stony vista and distant glimpso of a murky Thames as seen from Fenet Court. His landlord greeted him in a more cheerful spirit upon Monday morning than he liad evinced on Sunday evening, whon his after- dinner lethargy was rudely disturbed by a guest whoso business-like air and small Gladstone bag did not promise much profit ; a visitor who - would waut a dinner off tho joint, most likely, and a half-crown breakfast; a visitor whose libations would bo limited to bitter bcor and au occasional whisky and soda. Such a guest iu a houso that was beginning to hibernate was a burden rather than a hoou. This morning, however, tho landlord was re conciled to his solitary customer, having told his wife tbat after all " little fish aro sweet," and he went blithely to order tho dogcart— his ' own cart and own man, ostler in tho season, coachman or anything you pleaso out of the season— :to drivo Mr. Dalbrook to Kcttisford Vicarage, a 9-milo journoy. It was a pretty, old, out- of-the-way nook — half hidden in a cleft of the hills— at whioh Theodore arrived a few minutes after noon ; a littlo old- fashioned world-forgotten village, and a spraw ling old grey stono house, covered with Virginia creeper, passion flower and tho fcathory leafage of the trumpet ash ; a long low houso with heavily thatched roof, projecting ovor its upper case ments ; a sleepy- looking old house in a still sleepier garden, so remote and so sheltered that winter had forgotten to como there, aud the great yellow rosos were still blooming on the wall, fattened by the misty atmosphere of the adjacont lake, glorified by tho untainted air. November wns half over, yet hero tho only signs of autumn wero tho groy sky and the crimson glow of tho Virginia creeper. The Vicar of Kcttisford was ono of those privileged persons who can speak with thoir enemies at the gate, assured of being backed up in thoir speech by a family contingent. Tho Vicarage liad on air of overflowing with young life, from tho very threshold of the liall, whore cricket bats, a trioycle, a row of well used tennis rackets, a stupendous array of hats, ovorcoats and comforters testified to the quiverful so esteemed in the patriarchal age. A conscientious performer was pounding at the Harmonious Blacksmith upon a wiry piano near at baud, baring left tlio door wide open, with tho indecent disregard of other peoplo peculiar to juvenile performers upon all kinds of instruments. From tho othor sido of tho hall came tho twanging of an equally wiry guitar, upon which girlish fingers began, nnd for ever re-commenced a Spanish melody, which the performerwusstriving to attain by that agonising process known among young ladies as " picking up " an air. Seo what tlio learned and reverend Haweis has to say upon this art of playing by car ! From a remoter room camo youug voices aud young laughter ; and amidst all theso sounds it wns hardly surprising that Mr. Dalbrook had to ring threo times, and to wait in front of the open hall door for ot least 10 minutes boforo an olderly housemaid responded to his summons and ushered him into tho Vicar's study, tho ono room in tho Vicarage which was ever fit to receive a visitor. The Vitar was reading a newspaper in front of a comfortablo fire. Ho was an elderly man, of gcuial and even jovial aspect, anrl he received Mr. Dalluook s apologetic account of hunselt and his business with perfect good humor. "3 oil v. ant to s— Mivc ewtnn, ny tLn- - 1 I am sorry to tell you she left us nearly two years ago — heartily sorry, for Sarah Newton is a very worthy .woman, a jewol of prico in a motherless family liko mine," said tho vicar. "I regret that you should have come such a long way to find her, when, had you written to me, I could have told you whore to look for her in London." "Yos, it was a mistake to como so far with out making preliminary inquiries— only, as she had not applied to her usual agent for a new situation, I concluded that she was still under your roof." " She has not gono into a new situation, Mr. Dalbrook. Slio was too much valued in this house to wish to change to another employment, although she might have lived more luxuriously and done less work elsewhere. Sho was a mother to my girls— ay, and to my hoys as well — while she was with us; and sho only left us when she made up her mind to livo an independent life." " Sho has left off teaching then, I conclude?" "Yes. Sho .had a littlo bit of money left her by a bachelor uncle, safely invested in rail way stock, and yielding about £200 a year. This, with her own savings, mado her an inde pendent woman, aud sho mado tip licr mind to realise her own ideal of a useful life — an' idoal which had been developing in her mind for a good many years — a life which was to bo service able to othors, and yet pleasant to horsclf." " Do you' mean that she joined some sistor- Bood?" "No, no, Mr. Dalbrook, Sarah Newton is much too fond of lior own way, much too independent and fiery a spirit, to place her- solf in a position whoro other people would think for her,' and where sho .would be obliged to obey. Sho told me her plan of life very frankly. 'I have about £260 a year, 'she said, 'I can live comfortably upon half of that monoy, if I live after a pian of my own; and I can do a great deal of good with tho other half if I do it in my own way. I am olderly and plain. If I were to live amongst small gentilities I should be a nobody, and in all probability I should be con sidered a bore. I shall take a lodging in a poor neighborhood, furnish it witli tho uttermost comfort, treat myself to a good piano, and col lect my littlo library book by book from tho secondhand book shops. I shall spend half my days in going quiotly about among the poor young \- women of the district. I ought to know what girls' are, after nearly 40 years' teaching and managing the species, and I shall spend half my income in doing as much good to them as I can, in my own unorthodox way.' I know tho good that brave little soul had done in this parish, in her quiet, unpretentious fashion, and I felt no doubt she would carry out licr plan." "Have you seen her since sho left you?" " Yes, I wont to see her last June when I had A fortnight's holiday in London. I found her in a shabby old . house in Lambeth, not very far from St. Thomas's Hospital ; but dingy as the house looked outside, our good Sally's apart ments were the picture of comfort. I found ner as nappy as a bird. Her plan ot monad answered licr highest expectations. ' My iriends aro legion,'- slio said, ' but I haven't a linglogontility amongthem.' Sally is adesperato Radical, you must know." "Will you give mc licr address, that I may Write and ask hor permission to call upon her?" "You shall have tho address, but I doubt if she will fcol disposed to receivo you. Sho will count you among tho gontilities." " I' must try my chance at any rato. I want her to givo mo some light upon tlio history of one of hor earliest pupils. Did you over hoar her talk of Clicriton Chase and tlio Strangway family?" "My dear sir, I have heard her talk of any number of places and any number of people. I used to toll hor sho must be a female Methu selah to havo passed through so many experi ences. She was very fond of ..tolling stories of the families in.which.shc had lived, but though I used to listen I reraembor very little about them. My girls would remember better, I have no doubt. Thoy can givo you ohaplcr and vorsc, I daresay ; so tho best, thing you can do is to cat your luncheon with us, and then you an ask them as many questions as you like." Theodore accepted the offor with gratitudo, »nd ten minutes afterwards followed the vicar into tho dining room, where three tall, good looking girls and two straggling youths wero assembled, and where a fourth girl and another boy dropped in aftor the rest wore seated. The board was spread with a plentcouB but homely meal. A large dish of Irish stow smoked at one end of tho table, and tho reversion of yester day's roast ribs of beef appeared at tho other. The girls were evidently accustomed to droppers in, and received Theodore with perfect equanimity. , Alicia, tho eldest, carved the beef with a commanding wrist, and tho third daughter, Laura, administered to his nppetito with pickled walnuts and mashed potatoes. The girls were ell keenly interested directly ho spoke of Miss Newton. Thoy jironounced her a dear old thing, not a bit liko a goveruoss. " AYo all loved lier," said Alicia ; " and we are not the easiest girls to get on with, I can assnro you. Wo have had two poor things since Sally deserted us, and wo havo driven ' them both away. And now wo aro enjoying an inter regnum, and we hope tho dear father will make . it a long one. " "Did yon ever hear your governess talk of tho Strangways ? " "What, Evelyn Strangway, of Clicriton Cha3c ? I should think wo did, indeed," cried Laura. " She had a'gooil many prosy stories — chestnuts, wo used to call thorn— but the Chori- ton Chase stories woro tho most cliestnutty. It was her first situation, and she was never tired of talking about it." "Do you know if sho kept up her acquaint ance with Miss Strangway in after life ?" asked Theodore. " I think not ; at any rato sho never talked about that. She know something about tho poor girl's later life— something very had, I think — for slio would novor tell us. Sho used to sigh aud look very unhappy if tho subject was touched upon ; and sho used to warn us (gainst runaway - matches. As if any of us would bo likely to ran away from this dear old father, " protested Laura, leaning over tho table to pat tlio vicar's coat sleeve. "Why, ho would let us marry chimney sweeps rather than lee us unhappy." Tbero was a good deal more talk about Sarah Newton, her virtues and her littlo peculiarities, but nothing bearing upon Theodora's business, io be only stayed till luncheon was finished, and then wished tho aminblo vicar and his family a friendly good-bye, offering to bo of use to them In London at any time tlicy might want some small business transacted there, and begging the vicar to look him up at his chambers when ho took his next holiday. "You may rely upon it I shall take you at your word," said the parson cheerily. " You'vo no idea what a gay old dog I am when in town —tho theatre every night, and a littlo bit of supper afterwards. I generally take ono of my lads with me though, to keep mo out of mis chief. Good-byo, and mind you don't fall in love with Sally Nowton. She's old and ugly, but she's one' of the most fascinating women I know." ' ' Theodora drove off in the dog cart with all the Vicarage family at tho gato waving their hands to him, as if ho had been an old friend, tnd with four Vicarage dogs barking at lirm. Ho went back to London that night, wrote to Miss Newton, asking leave to call upon licr upon s matter relating to one of her old pupils on the following day. JIo should tako silonco to mean consent, and would bo with her at 4 in the afternoon, if ho- did not receivo a telegram to forbid him. \- He worked in his chambers all tlio morning, and at a littlo after 3 set out to walk to Lam beth. Tho address was 51 AVcdgewood-strcet, near the Lambeth-road. It wus not a long walk, and it was not a pleasant ono, for a seasonable fog was gathering whon Theodora left the Temple, and it thickened as ho crossed Westminster-bridge, whoro the newly lighted lamps made patches of yellow light in tho dull brown atmosphere. Under thoso conditions it took him somo time to fiiid AYedgowood-streot, and that partioular houso which had tho honor of sheltering Sarah Nowton. It was a vory shabby old street, tho shops wero of .tlio meanest order, and tho houses which wero not shops looked as if thoy wero mostly let off to the struggling class of lodgers,' but it was a street that had cvldontly seen hotter days, for tho houses woro large aud sub stantially built, and the doorways had onco been handsome ana nrchiteotural— houses which bad been the houses of prosperous citizens when Lambeth was out of town, and when tho per fume of bean blossom and now mown hoy found its way Into AVedgowood-strect. The ground floor of Numbor 51 was occupied by a shoe maker, who had .turned . his parlor . .... n into a shop, who mado to measure, but was not above executing repairs neatly. The front door being open, Theodora walked straight upstairs to tho first floor landing, where there was a neat littlo crockcryware oil lamp burning on a little Swiss bracket, and where he saw Miss Newton's namo painted in bold black letters upon a terra cotta colored door. Tho stairs wore cleaner than they generally aro in such a house, and the landing was spotless. ' Ho rang a hell, and tho door was promptly opened by a lady whom ho took to he Miss Newton. She was rather below middlo height, strongly built, but of a neat, compact figure. Sho was decidedly plain, and her iron groy lmir was coarse and wiry ; but sho had largo bright eyes which beamed with good nature and intelligence. Her biaok stuff gown and narrow linen collar, the knot of scarlet rib bon at hor throat, and the linen cuffs turned back over perfectly fitting sleoves, wero all tho perfection of neatness, aud suited her . as no other kind of dross would havo done. Tho trim, neat figure, tlio bright eyes, and tho small whito hands made a favorablo impression upon Theodore, in spite of the lady's liomclinesB of feature and complexion. "AValkin, Mr. Dalbrook," she said cheerily. " Pray come and sit by tho fire : you must be chilled to the bono after coming through that horrid fog. All, liovy I hate fog. It is tho scourge of the London poor, and it sometimes kills even the rich. And now wo are only at tho beginniug of tho evil, . and there is tho long winter before us." "Yes, it is vory bad, no doubt, butyou do not look as if tho fog could do you much harm, Miss Nowton." "No, it won't hurt «tc. I'm a hardy old plant, and I contrive to make myself comfort- ablo at all seasons." . "You do, indeed," he answered, .glancing round tho room. " I had no idea " "That anybody could bo so comfortable in Lanibuth," she said, interpreting his thoughts. "No(lpeoplo think they must pay for what they call 'a good situation.' Poor pinclied widows and shabby spinsters spend more ' than half their income on rent and taxes, and starve on tho othor liaif, in order to live in a genteel locality;— somo dingy littlo strcot in Pimlico porhaps, or a stucoo terrace in Kensington. Hero am I witli two fino. largo rooms in a forgotten old street, which was built before tho ago of shoddy. I liv.o among poor, people, and am not obliged to sacrifice a sixpenco for tho sako of appear ances. I buy everything iri the cheapest mar ket, and my neighbors look up to mc, instead of looking down upon me, as they might it I lived among gentilities. You will Bay, perhaps, that I live in tho midst of dirt and squalor. If I do I tako care that none of it over comes near mo, and I do all that one woman's voico and ono woman's pen can do to lessen tho evils that I seo about mo." (To he continued. 