• OUR IRISH LETTERS, IBELAND IN VABIOUS ASPECTS. tfBOM MISS MULHOLLAND. Dublin, 18 th'July, 1889 Dkab Cousin,-: -The other day I askecl if you had 1 any roses in Australia; now I want to know if you have any ghosts. If not, we oata easily spar* a few from Ireland if you 4esire them ani have means of emigrating tjiem. ' One. of the scares of my childhood was the. ghost of . old General B—-- (only the idea of him* for 1 never actually saw him), who used to ride,and still rides, for all I know tb the Contrary, along the far wave-line, at lbw Water mark, on the lonely sea-Bhore of Bostrevor, in the County of Down. There he rode, solitary, from dusk till cock-crow, on his ;grey horse, with his military cloak flying .in the. wind. He had in former days' been used • to gallop about the village,''to the tertor and chagrin of the inhabitants, but had been exorcised and driven out to low water mark, forbidden to encroach any further on the peace and convenience of 1 the living who so inhospitably objected to his company. Curled up in my bed among the bowers and roses of Bostrevor under the hills, I never could shut my eyes so tight but what they could in imagination see that ghost. The wood doves, moaning from the wood close by, always seemed lamenting his hard fate, nor could I sleep before getting up several times to flatten my face against the window trying to catch a glimpse of horse and rider out against the gleam -of the breaking wave-line, fleeing along the curved shore that sweeps from Bostrevor to Killowen alnd Carlingford. ''Wer reitel so spat durch Schnee und '/Wind?" . ' ' ; On the whole I think I was less miserable about that ghost than about some others I fabvie known, because he had the companion ship''^ his horse. " ' All'-thia is by way .of introducing you to another, ghopt, often seen on horseback, whom $ interviewed,for you a few days ago—the ghost Of Lord Norbury. • A week ago I received an invitation, in whioh the attractions promised were oddly compounded of a ghost, ripe, raspberries, bowers of soented syringa inbloom, and an interesting; old house,. where, .remains .of ancient 'iamily grandeur struggle with the beginnings ; of decay. Partly for my own pleasure, and a little for yours, I accepted the invitation, and if I did not see the ghost it was only because I came and 'went with the July sunshine, not being able to wait for midnight, and contenting myself with doing the interviewing by proxy. Lord Norbury lived in a great many houses, but I believe this' curious old house of "Cabra" was his latest dwelling. At this door alighted the simple pair, who, having accepted a pressing, oft-repeated general invitation to spend a week with a friend in the country, were met by the host in the doorway, rubbing his hands .with delight, find declaring that they must positively stay 'for dinner. I need hardly tell you that Lord ' ortbury was the celebrated "hanging judge," who^s. supposed .to have had no conception of iBUch a thing as a feeling of compunction, and who.;ordered' an execution with aB much flatisfaction' as>- he -manufactured '•piin. He Was exceedingly witty, no idoubit,, yet' his ''wit generally took the questionable .lorm, of punning, and some of bis recorded jokes are as, threadbare and misetable .as. those ,of. his -own imitators. Pne of the best things he ever - said was his reply to the man who boasted that he had Stbt thirty hares before breakfast. • "Why, my friend," he said, " you must have fired at ffaWfofc /flies;lion .pf the.-person iwhpm he met carrying some game;. "Is that your own hare:,or:a!wigVhiAfter these rtwo- memorable utterances, We cannot siippose 'that any W^ds..': tunning has; happily fillen intp disfavour,, and : those who would be witty nowadays must looka little higher, . • S Cabra; is but; a ehort i/distinoe froii DabliW, on One side of the PhasnixPark, andeo ie^ed'and i^yfTom^e hfeaten paths that; ,ap^ng ; gigantio chestnut-trees jbif 9,/topple, of j^indrjbd * years' growth, it i fi^sy, to imagine; jpnpssif as many hundred miles from, theiemoke !of a town.;: The Jioase ir'tfot; at most, Thore than three hundred years old, and perhfctps' not Bo innch. -It WW- W.ty ^fi iegiape family, who were, Danes in possession of Dublin befbrei.ti^ days Of the The old place, as it stands, is still the property of this family, but it is very long since they cared to ocoupy it. After the days of Lord Norbury it waB inhabited by a wealthy trader, who made it his home for a period of sixty years. At present, its only inmates are a man and his wife, who live'in the steward's quarters and aot as caretakers, and who have tiirned tbte old high-walled vast garden into a market garden for their own maintenance. ., We found the good wife, a pleasant, freshfaced Irishwoman, at her washing tub, which she left cheerfully for our entertainment, putting off her wet apron and donning her Sunday attire of heat black and white while she talked to us across a passage, and we inspected some of the old low-ceiled chambers on the ground floor, into which she had gathered a good many articles of comfortable furniture, and some wonderful works of art in needlework, including the Flight into Egypt, in excellent cross-stitch. I don't know what your Australian houses are like, but i am going to describe thiB one for you. The hall door is small in proportion to the house. Above it is a series of windows; at either side of this centre a wing, with two windows across all the way up, small, high windows of the real old fashion, each having its window seat within, deep set in the curiously thick wall. This does not make a very magnificent front, but has a' certain grey, grave stateliness of its own, leoking out from among the clambering, bowering chestnut and elm trees, which build up their boughs, tier upon tier, to the heavens, as if every half-century had added a storey to their height, and a tinge of yet more sombre bloom to their original greenness. Three magnificent lime-trees stand in a row as you enter by the back way, and in the lawn, which j>weeps away from the front, and across which the avenue is grass grown almost to obliteration, the trees literally tower between sward and sky, making a gloom of boughs which throws a shadow of melancholy in through the oldfashioned casements. Next to a 1 human creature and a dog, I do not think there is anything in nature that gives you as thorough a sense of itB personality as a great tree. It impresses you as possessing experience, sentiment, strength, memory, and, in a case like this, where it Btands close by a venerable homestead, you are well aware that it has been the repository of confidences, of secrets which seem to be recorded in the hieroglyphics of its notohed bark, and hidden in the foldings of its foliage. The giant chestnut, with his head against yon bit of aerial sailing gold in the blue, imposing as a knight in sombre panoply, extending his mighty arms to right and left and waving his dusky green banners—what scenes has he not witnessed, overlooking for a couple of centuries this ancient suite of drawingrooms, those many-cornered and cupboarded parlours, and the wide, low central' hall, with its flagged floor and hearth, and its window seats for gossip and lingering ? Up the old wood-panelled stairway the laughing children troop, or the coffin is carried. On the hall hearth stands the returned wanderer; in the remotest and quaintest of the little drawing-rooms whisper the happy lovers: Up and down here successions of human beings have lived, and loved, and hated; and the aged old tree has borne reverent witness to all. Over the large drawing-room 1 fire-place, filling the space between the exquisitely carved mantel'of brown' wood, -with its surmounting strip of . solid looking-glass set into the wall in squares, and. the wreathed ceiling are the jarms of the .Legrave family, carved in dark wood, giving dignity and a certain grandeur to the apartment. Over the four doors , are' 'paintings—classic landscapes— black with age, fitted in the panelling of the wjall,' which has here and there been stripped away . Nearly all the walls, which are entirely sheBted in wood panelling, have been at some time covered with paper, from a .vulgar desire to modernise the interior. Time has undone such pretensions, arid the paper hangs here and there in a despicable drapery, while the panellingre-asserts its simple original dignity. •The: plan of the house is a jittle inconsistent, fori only one twist »f narrowistaira leads to the* bedroom' floor,' and the bedrooms are Tajffi^r'smaU. and run together in a string, like the'beads '.'on a necklace. ' Up'a wide flight of-steps from the hall is a room'with peculiar windows, which was formerly' the ch&pel;, and above it' is a priest's hidingplace, to be reached bya kind of ladder which h'a's a Hiding-placB of its 'oWh." From the gr^at-dark cavernous Idtchen ahd offioes we Ampng the rogeg ss^'av.Wprk aqd raspberry' trashes. Three immense walnut trees stand at the entrance to the garden, and later in the year are considered very interesting by the little boys of the neighbourhood, who climb the high wall to clear the ground of the fallen fruit, or even adventure among the out-lying branches for plunder. Laden with garden spoils we return to the house, and make acquaintance with our hostess' home in the steward's house. Over the comfortable kitchen is a room with a pretty cottage window in three, embowered in greenery, but catching a long vista of waving boughs, and cloudland in the distance. The stone walls are coloured a warm red, and the room is very habitably furnished. It has an over- shadowed, castaway, and yet home-like look, and our hostess has no objection to receive a lodger into it occasionally. If ever you should wish to hide yourself—blot yourself out—for a time, for joy, or for sorrow, or for work, you could not do better than get into that red-walled and green-embowered room, and play at being dead as far as the world is concerned. But I forget that you might have too long a journey from Australia in order to reach it. And then you might be afraid of the ghost. I am a little afraid of him myself, though I do not believe in him. Bosa Mulhollind. 