NEWS AND NOTES NUTSHELL THK LEADINQ INCIDENTS OF . THE DAY OONDEN8CO, . .,c . .. 1 . win . j.\, . OlfVtT OOMMENT THEREON THE RPSY .MAN'S" COLUMN. - . Stagriatlon.on.'iJIiAngD io?day>'X-l.?, ' Penny poAt comes into lorco to- lhorrow. Four Editions of Tub IIf.i:ald to iDorrow, Stocktakinc and balancing oulv busi- ness doing. London money markctndvancing. Bank ratoO per cent. First timo sinco 1882. Tips aud other information nbout to- morrow's racing at Fiumiugton ou Pago Tho Marquis of Salisbury, Primo Minister of England, is seriously indis posed. Up to tho present 70,000 bales of wool have been received iu London for the next series of Bales. Two French missionaries havo been murdered by ordor of a petty potentato on tfio African sboro of tbo Ked Sea. A supposed ghost lias been laid at Stawell. It turns out to havo been a precocious child who was a ventriloquist A tnnn who fancied, through drink, that ho had murdered a child, passed tho bar ou romond at tho Oity Court to- day. Mr Stanley, tho African explorer, lias left Zanzibar for Egypt, whero ho will spend some timo buforo returning to Elm- land in thu spring. Settlement of tho disnuto in tho iron trado probablo. Both nicies pleased with tho progress already uindo by tbo madia- ting committee. Not sufiiciont depth of water nt Port Melbourne railway pier for tbo N.CJ.L.S, Klbo j sho consequently had to go to tho Breakwater pier, Willinmstown., Tho two children of Mr Lundy, afarmcr . near Dimboola, who wore lost intho bush, woro found last night by tho search |>artics. Thoy had wandered about four miles away from homo. Mr O'Connor, an Irish journalist, has bepn arrosted on a chargo ot publishing " intimidating " articles. The newspaper which Mr O'Connor conducts is tho pro perty of Mr Carew, M.P. Mr Mount, of Port Molbourna, intends if possible to frustrato tho hloekado of tho gluss bottlomakcrs. A partner of lus will nrrivo in England in a few days, and un less tho men return to work, ho will cubic for fresh hands to bo engaged. £lis Honor Mr Justico Kerford, wo rogrot to say, died this morning at bis mariao rosidonce, Sorrento, after a brief illness, having beon, up to Saturdiy tiight, in tbo enjoyment of good hoalth. Ilia death took placo this morning at 20 mlnuloH lo 0 o'clock. Full particuLu' . . nro futhishpd'elsowhero. 1 , parallel nk.yducy. A man, found' drowned qt Maiilcy, was idontified by a Mrs Goodwin and friends as Mrs Good win's husband. Now tho body is proved by a Mrs Coopor to bo that of her husband. It is not often in English communities that a man leaves two widows. In wishing tho compliments of tho season to Dr. Youl, wo aro informed by tho worthy City Coronor thatduring this yoar ho had hold 400 innucstB. He bos not yet had timo to classify thorn, hut hna no hesitation in saying that tho very largo majority of tho deaths into which en quiry was hold wcro duo to drunkon- Tho ofikial inquiry into tho grounding of tho Norkoowa lias boon hold to-day. As is not. uncommon in such cases tho captain and helmsman differed as to tbo course ordered to bo steered. Tho Board found Iho captain guilty of negligonco and default, and has called upon him to show causo why his ccrtificnto should not be cancollod. Nnrollan and Iurkham, the two Chester colts ontered by the lum. J. Whito for tho next English Derby, hud a seven furlong gallop on the historic Newmarket hoatli yesterday. They wont over seven furlongs accompanied by their " schoolmaster," thu veteran Plutarch, who conceded tho colts 51 lis each, at which adjust ment, of weights tho aged horse was a bit too good for tho youngsters. Narcilnn fmishod second and Kirlchntu closo up. Sir Hercules Bobinsou witnessed tho gallop, and was highly pleased with tho Derby candidates. 