The Property Raster's (Jhost. A ST-QBY QP A CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME. Br HENRY P^rTITTJ is '(The Teeatee." OE PINDAR, property master of tho Theatre Royal, was a poot, not that he was any tho less a property master, for a more conscieutfous and harf-working servant never sub mitted to be sworn at by a stage manager; but at times tho "cacoethes ecribendi " would bo strong uponliira, and then, if the work was at all slack, he was to be avoided by all prosaic persons who did not want to be seized by tho first available button, while Piuder, with-his eye in a fiiio frenzy rolling, poured forth " A Poem to tho Pit," or " Stanzas to the Stalls," At tho beginning of the season a pretty and intelligent young girl had joined the company to play, small parts. She was the only daughter of a poor widow, wljo gained her livelihood as a seamstress, at'one of tho largo theatrical cos tumiers in London. Her name, or rather lior 2>rofessionnl name, was Rose Hazlcdean. She bad begun her theatrical career as a coryphee, but, by dint of sheer hard work and perseverance, had obtained suffi cient education to qualify herself for a more responsible position. During the season she had 80 improved by practice in the varied range of characters,1 and liad gained so much confidence by the praise and encouragement of the manager and company, that alright and successful career was predicted for bek . Amongst others whose general kindness and practical suggestions liad been of great assist ance to the struggling girl was John Lester, who played the leading juvenile business. He was a capital actor, and a good fellow, who would 2>ro bably have achieved a much higher position, but for an uufortunate penchant for playing practical jokes. Managers did not always'appreciate a species of humour which sometimes * made them the butt of their companies and servants, and jiwk Lester frequently found that his managers sense of humour did not extend beyond an envelope placed in his bands by the prompter containing a fortnight's notice. Forced by necessity and experience to tqiare the manager, and finding the company at the Theatre Royal too wide-awake to become his victims, Jack Lester had seized ui>on the pro perty-master for his prey, and Piuder, who in other respects was a remarkably intelligent and clever young fellow, would be beguiled into reading his poetry and giving copies to bis hypocritical jiatron, who would ingeniously per vert and alter thvin into such extraordinary pro ductions tliat when they were read in the green room with exaggerated gesture and burlesque emphasis his listeners would be convulsed with laughter. Vack Lester's amusement, however, was one night brought to a termination by the extra ordinary- and unexi>ectcd behaviour of Rose TJ...Ti)Mn inrtirmnnflv Y>m*n<trvl rtr^itTicf I Ilazeldean, who indignantly protested against the ridicule that was being heaped upon the do voted head of the unconscious poet; and who avowed her intention of warning him, unless the cruel amusement was at once stopped. Jack Lester persisted, and Rose Hazlcdean speedily proved she was a woman of her word. The re sult of her championship of Pinder was seen the next dav. when in response to Lester's invitation to write him a poem for recitation between the pieces, not to take more than five minutes, de scribing the history and wanderings of the lost tribesof Israel, Pinder replied in language which, if not elegant, was at least forcible, "Write it yourself, and be bothered." A coolness now sprung up between Piuder and his quondam patron, more than counterbalanced however, by the increased and genuine interest evinced by Rose Hazlcdean in tfio poet's verses, which rapidly develojied a more amorous ten-1 . dency, and when one of the ladies found some | verses left accidentally upon Rose's dressing- ! place, beginning with— Pouting lips I love to kiss you, Walking homeward in the wet When to raise the homely gingham In our rupture we .forget I Suspicions were aroused which api>eared to gain ' continuation, when another effusion was dis covered in her handbag, which she had left on her chair while rehearsing, aud which con cluded— With the ring upon your finger In the vestry you will linger. With our anxious hearts at ease. While I pay the parson's foes. All doubts, however, were set at rest towards the end of November, when it was formally announced that Miss Hazledean had become Mrs. Pinder. The autumn season had drawn towards the close. Pinder was busy modelling for the pan tomime, and the programme was being changed nightly,- ill a vain attempt to draw a goose-and pudding-saving public, when \ drama founded ugon "East Lynne" was put into rehearsal for performance the same night. Miss Rose JIazle dean (Mrs. Pinder), in consequence of the indis position of the leading lady, was cast for the runaway wife. The rehearsal was a hasty and incomplete one. The manager was busy drilling the ballet for the pantomime. The prompter* attention was distracted with scene plots unci Pinder was hurriedly sent to Birmingham to purchase(x-rtainn&ressaries; for the property room. In the drama a letter was supposed to bo written by the runaway wife,* addressed to her husband, in which she announced her intention of leaving him for ever. The prompter being busy, Mrs. Pinder copied the letter herself, ana.at the end of the evening's, performance it was. left oh the prompter s desk, where it was noticed by Jack Lester, just as Mrs. Pinder rushed up to the prompter, and, in an excited manner, asked to be excus'ed rehearsal next morning. .She had received a telegraiff to «ay that her mother was ill.. Thete was just time to catch.the last train, and Ixi back in. time for the next nights per formance; im'gbt she go? Permission was at once given. She jvroto a hurried note to her husband, explaining the cause of her alh&uce; gave it to the prompter to haiid to Pinder, who was expected back before the farce was over. She then hurried away with a hasty good night to Jsckl/esterj whose busy brain imme diately popceived the ld^a of playing a practical joke upon Pinder. It was a sudden impulse, acted upon without thought. The prompter's attention was engaged, and in n moment the envelope, insufficiently 'fastened, was opened, and the property letter bidding farewell to her husband was substituted for the real one. The ■ lowered, and Jackvw............. ... 0 0 0 the hnll-keeper, when Pinder returned and the note was placed in his hands, llo read it through by the solitary gas jet over the door, crushed it in his hand, and without a Word walked into the dimly- lighted and gloomy theatre, and tip iiito his property-room, which was situated over the flies. Lester, who was in reality a very good-hearted fellow when not blinded by his master pas sion, watched Pinder's retreating figure, and had just.made up bis mind to go after liim and explain everything, when he was suddenly seized by hrilf a dozen jovial acquaintances who' • had coino to fetch him out to supj>er, and, listening to no excuses, they dragged him away to a neighbouring hostelry, where, in tho excitement, Pmder was forgotten, and it was not until the next morning, when, with an aching head, he dragged himself to the theatre, that Tie remembered with a pang of re morse, the cruel joko that he had perpetrated. " Late, as usual, Mr. Lester," exclaimed tho manager, as Jack made his appearance. "Beginners, please," shouted the prompter, and the rehearsal proceeded quietly, only delayed the want or sucn properties as now and then by the want of such properties £ were essential to the schemes, and which, after considerable delay were brought by Pinder's assistant. "Where is that confounded property man?' continually shouted the manager, but without result, and the first act was over when Lester's attention was called to a group of the company who were pointing overhead to the gridiron over, the stage. "What's that hanging up there " asked one. "A pantomime property, I suppose," replied auother, looking up. " Wonderfully made," said a third. " Capital fellow, Pinder; the best modeller in England." Lester, like the rest, looked up, ana there, dangliug at the end of a rope, between the borders, was a somotliing that, in the uncertain, light, looked strangely like a human body, and the sight of which sent a strange thrill through Jack Lester's heart, and caused it to sink within him. "What are you all star-gazing there for?" asked the manager. • ' # ' V ' Tho object of interest was pointed out to him. "Capital model of a man, said the first bid man. " It gave me the shakes when I first saw "Youmust have seen it months ago, then," answered the low comedian. " Remarkably like a hanging man," said the walking gentleman, as he planted a glass in his C3'e and looked up. " Not uulike Pmder himself," added another. "By Jove," shouted the manager, who had been steadily looking aloft, "it is -Pinder! ~ ot vu Quick, there, some of you, come with me and help'to cut him down."" And away he rushed, followed by several of the gentlemen. As the rest of the company gathered together, and stood by the prompt entrance insilent horror, Jack Lester turned deadly white, aud clung to one of the wings tor support. The suspense was almost insupportable, and when, in a few miuutes the word was passed down that it was Pinder, his heart seemed to stand still. He staggered to the stage door, home to his lodgings, locked the door, and saiik into a chairj overcome with an agony of remorse. In imagination he could hear the horror-stricken whispers as the inert mass was lowered to the stage, see the white face, with the glassy eyes turned towards him with an eternal reproach in them. This, then, was the result of his practical joking, he was a murderer. How the time passed he never knew, but he. was aroused by a knocking at the door. He rose, mechanically, opened it, and admitted his landlady, who brought him some tea, and in formed, him that it was time to go to the theatre. Now came the necessity for reflection and decision. Might he not be accused of the death of Pinder? Ifit were j>roved, his career would be ruined for ever. No one had seen him eliange the letters; no one could prove his agency in this business. Would it not be better to bury his ghastly secret in his own breast, and put oh a bold front? Yes, he would; and, bracing himself for the ordeal, lie Ijoldlv walked down to the theatre. As Jack Lester entered the stage door, ho had not the courage to ask tho hall keeper if there was more news concerning the tragic occurrence of the morning, but slutiked rather than walked across the dimly lighted stage to his dressing room, which was situated at the end of a passage on the ojn>c«ite side. As he passed iinder the spot where. the body had hung in the morning, lie felt an almost irresistible desire to turn back, but the knowledge that lils absence might raise suspicion gave him courage, and he walked on, witn a strange feel ing thatan indefinable presence was cither behind him or beside him. The dim. ghostlike atmos phere of the unlighted theatre added to the illusion, and, with a dreadful sinking of the heart, and a terrible sense of impending mis fortune he walked down the dark passage, turned the handle of his dressing-room door, entered, and there, beneath the half-turned rjet that hut dimly lighted the comer where usually dressed, he saw the erect form of Pinder pointing, with a ghastly, mocking grin upon his pale face, to the rope that hung round his neck. . ^He would have turned and fled, but horror held him spellbound ; he would have cried out, • but his tongue refused utterance as the figure j advanced towards him, holding out tho letter, i and in a deep, sepulchral voice exclaimed, j "You ought to be well ashamed of yourself for playing a trick like this?" "Not dead 1" gasped Jack Lester, clinging to tlm handle of the door." " Not a bit of it," answered tho ghost, turning up the gas. " I met-my wife at the station before sho started, You ployed ypur gajhe without telling the rest of the company. I took them into njy ppnfidouce, iptd hecq they arp tq tee whe'holds tnimns." • 'At that mqment the dqqr ww pushed open from without, and a rpar of laughter saluted J^cfc Lcsterl that rang in his ears for months after. • '.But thu body V ,v . „n ((Made it myself, a.nd hung it myself, Whpn you made fun of my poetry ovory tody (except mo was in the joke, and everybody wm this one oitcept yqit' Takn my advice, give up practical Joking, sir, and if over yo.u are tempted to. pyook out agajn, just you remember that actors ore just as easily taken in as poets? and take warn ing by "The Property Master's Ghost. 