BREVITIES. From our fileB to band we take the fol lowing interesting ItemB Tbe American Preaident, being un equal to tbe exertion bas discontinued the band-sbaklug which occupied so much of biB lime daily. Callers will now bave to content themselves with a Presi dential bow. Tbe Queen bas bestowed tbe Victoria Cross nn Surgeon Orommin, who bravely defended himself aud a wounded man against the attack of four KarenB Tbe Duke of Atbole has pleoed In Old Blair Church a memorial over tbe grave of Claverdouse, who however, wbb never likely to be forgotten by Scotsmen. It having beeu announced that the Czar Ib an enormous eater, bis mode of liviDg while sojourning quietly in Den mark is now given. For breakfast be has lea, ham, epge, roast beef, aud au omelette. His midday meal consists of chicken broth witb an egg in it,!a cutlet, cold fowl, game, fish, vegetables, and cake, tbe cooking being superintended liyn princess. At 2 o'clock b« eats a dish of rice and milk. What bis Majesty bas for hlB dinuer Is not mentioned. Lord Tennyson's health is now com pletely restored, and the aged poet iB to be almost daily Been frequenting tbe beauti ful drives iu the neighbourhood of Basle rntre. The limes (Bays tbe World) has paid 40s. into court as an answer to Sir Morrell Mackenzie's action for libel ; but the case will be fought out. Sir Charles Rnssell and Mr, Asquith are to appear lor tbe plaintiff, Mr. Thomas Sydney Cooper, R. A., who is just completing his 86th, year, is said to be working with his brush aB he did in bis younger days. Mr. Edison while in Berlin waB pre sent at some experiments witb his phono graph, when tbe voice of a Parisian singer was reproduced, including the clapping of hands by the Paris audience sun cries of nuoore. A lady singer was so delighted at the reproduction ot ber own performance that sbe broke out into applause. Tbere is a proposal to place London and Paris within speaking distance by means of the telephone. Scientists de clare tbat if we bad a wire from tbe earth to the moon wecould speak to the inhabi tants. Tbe Fruiterer's Company will establish a fund of £5000, from the iucome of which It is intended to offer auuual prizes for the best-managed fruit.farme, plantations aud orchards. Fruit-growing is oo tbe increase in Kent] and milea are now under glass. A new industry, blackberry cultivation, is being opened up iu K-«ut. Deerstalking is now in full swing in lbe Highlands, aud Lady Stafford is said to bave allot a stag weighing Mht. A special gown has been made tor lady deer-stalkers, consisting of two skirts of rough tweed, end leather gaiters. Tuere ia a proposal in Edinburgh to promote a ship canal between tbe Firth of Forth rnd the Clyde, to cost seven, millions sterling. The canal uould save 500 miles of sea route between Edinburgh and Glasgow, 420 between Leith and Liverpool; aud 309 miles between Glas gow aud London. The medical faculty of Queen's College, cenasi, nave cooipnea wuu ine request of a large number of young ladies to be allowed to enter tbe medical classrooms next seasor. A rich lode of uranium, a very scarce metal, next in value to silver, has been discovered in Cornwall. Hitherto, owing to its scarcity, the market price of the metal was £2400 a ton. Tbe oxides iu tbe metal are used as pigments, aud itisuBed as a cheap substitute for gold in electro plating. Mr. Blackbourne, tbe blindfold cheap, player, won several games at tbe City Club without seeing either board or men. A Belgian is making the journey from BtusmIi to lh« Paris Exnlbition in a snnil pbMton drawn by a conpl. of dogs. Within a mouth, ak a result of the dog muflzliog order in London, 3760 stray dogs were taken to the Home at Batter sea. Wild rabbits are to he seen disporting themselves by tbe Serpentiue in Hyde Park. A young man crossed In a small boat from Dover to CalaiB in 10 hours. A youth took possession of a gentle man's yatcbt wbicb was anchored near Holyhead. After navigating tbe vessel for some days and partaking freely --f the refreshments on board, he was arrested. A man is endeavouring to make the voyage from Plymouth to London and back in a tiny boat, seated for two people. At Colchester a boy was charged with driving a horse which was in an almost dying state. An inspector explained that tbe auimal was going to a man at Ipswich, wbo exported horseflesh to Antwerp, where it was made into extract nf hppf. A gentleman ascended in a balloon from Stockton, intending a make para chute decent. The balloon rose rapidly to n height of three miles and a quarter, aud so numbed with cold was the aero naut tbat he scarcely retained sufficient consciousness to allow the gas to escape, and descend in the balloon. Tbe Chief of Clitberoe having dis covered what is said to be an effective core for hydrophobia, people are flocking to Clitberoe from all parts to be treated by the medicine. Innumerable Inquiries bave been made. A youug woman at Greenwich, fancy ing she saw a ghost issuing from a box, died from fright; A youth, aged 19, committed suicide at Manchester because his frieuds were op posed to his marrying a widow who bad eight children. A throng of people oa the Lees at Fol ketone were horrified to Bee a lady, clad only in ber nightdress, jump from a top bedroom window. She was picked up dead. While a fire was in progress al a chemical factory io Wandsworth two firemen were cut off by the flames. They attempted to burst open a window, but tbe bars being of iron resisted tbeirefforts. One poor fellow was burned to death ; but tbe other, being u little man, was able to squeeze belw- eu the Iron bars, and escaped with a severe scorcbiug. Tbere is a serious drought in Spain, rain not having fallen in Madrid for 60 days. j The weeit-s oeam-ron muiuo™ mo Queen of the Tonga Islands ; the blind Prince of Monaco, who had fattened on the Monte Carlo gambling hell; Mr. Heal, formerly clerk comptroller of the Queen's kitchen, for whose funeral tbe Queen and Princess Beatrioe sentwreaths of white flower and heather j Miss Amy Levy, Jewish authoress, age 27, whose hody has been cremated in aooordance wltbtaerexpressed desire ; Henry Michael Angel* Gattan Cooke, tbe muslolan, wbo for 20 years bad lived tbe life of b reclUBe at Harting, Suasex ; Major Carwardlne, J P ' lord of the manor of, Eatj'e Colne, Essex, who before succeeding tptbis fought In the American Civil War. The Colonist this week, to be bad at this office and all booksellers.containB all tbe mining news of the week, besides ftiil telegrams and information of general Interest, stories, farm and garden items, European intelligence, other matters of publlo importance. 