Ol)f «£>pimcp á*tonm.g finnït . THURSO Al, SEPTEMBER 12, 1889. » The Paris Exhibition is to close at the end of October. The situation in regard to the dook strike re- mains unchanged. The strikers are not disposed to give in to tbe dockroasters* compromise. t Cardinal Manning is trying to arrange that the proposed increased par to the dock labourers shall commence on tbe 1st November. The dock companies are to be sued for the deten- tion of the s.a. Ruapehu. The Sailors Union insists upon the cargoes of Irozon meat being kept intact until tho striko is o for. The September series of wool sales haye, owing to the strike, bren postponed. They ¡will now begin on the 24th instant. It is stated that a replica by Rubens of his famous picture, "The adoration of the Magi,'* has been discovered in England. J. Gaudaur has challenged Searle- to row in America for the championship. Neil Mattcrson has accepted a challenge from Buboar. The last Whitechapel murder is said not to re- semble the crimes supposed to be committed by " Jack the Ripper." Tur adoption of the report of the Committee of the Whole House on the Land Bill was agreed to hy the Legislative Council last evening, and after- ward members bestowed a considerable amount of attention upon the Amended Payment of Members Bill. The third reading of the Land Bill has been fixed for to-day. In the Legislative Assembly, the second reading of the Coal Mines Regu ation Bill was moved by Mr. Sydney Smith, ami discussed a considerable time. The second reading wa« agreed to, and tbe bill oommitied pro forma, it being considered im- possible to pass it through at this late period of the session. The Wollongong Harbour Bill was carried through committee. A destructive palo h as raged in the Canterbury district in Now Zealand. Much damage waa done to the farmers, and ni church waa completely j wrecked. Tbe leader of the Opposition in' New Zealand has I given notice of motion that it is expedient there should be a dissolution after the termination of the I present session. Tiiehr is yet no settlement of the wool sales I dispute, but . aale wai held yesterday under the old conditions. , General business in the atook find mining Thi Elgin Watch Company were awarded two Gold Medals at Melbourne, the Highett Prise of the Exhi- bition.-JAdvt.J markets yesterday was' not brisk. The import ' market« wera characterised by steadiness, no special movement coming under notice. TnE Rev. Dr. Macgregor, who has arrived hero, was wnilcd upon yosterday by the Presbytery of Sydnoy and presented with an address of welcome. A conference of mom bore of tho central com ni i I too of tho Lno.il Option Longue and me nbors of Purliamont favourable to local option was held yostoiday in the Tcmporanoo LTalL It was ro solvcd to form a temper mco party in tho House. Tub Albury Agricultural Show opened yesterday. There are nearly 21)00 entries, and the show is a very creditable one, although soma of the sections aro below the strength which tho distriot can put forth. H.M.S. Calliope returned to Sydney yeiterday morning, after a cruiso to the New Hebrides Group. H.M.S. Rapid will loavo Sydnoy to-morrow for tho islands. At Forbes difficulty is likely to ensue owing to gold claims having been marked out on private land and in surveyed streets. TnE Murray at Moama is 32ft. over summer lovel. At lion nea portions of High- streot oro flooded, and the flour mills are stopped. Tur crushing returns for Charters Towers, Queensland, for Auuust show a steady improvement in quantity and quality. From 10.920 tons of stone 14.081OZ. of smelted gold was obtained. Stn Willum MAcnnF.oon, accompanied by his private secretary, left Brisbane yesterday afternoon for Now Guinea in the Memo England. Sir Thomas Grattan Esmonde ha? been speak« ing at Candelo on the Irish Q íestion. TnE Public Works Seo t ion al Committee has been taking evidence at Alburr and neighbourhood. Supplements to tho Government' Gazette were issued yesterday. The sheep brand« and marks rorordoi by th» inspectors of sheep for the quarter cndi d SOth June wero published, as also were the amonded boundaries of the lund district of Con- dobolin. To-day (Thursday) was appointed a public holiday in the town of Orange. A woman, named Reid, lia« mot her death by being knocked down by a passing train near Bulli. Mn. Frank Smith, M.L.A., has been ppeaking at Braidwood in favour of fr<e trade. He condemned the anomalies existing in the present tariff. TnE criminal business of the Maitland Quarter Sessions was concluded yesterday. A public meeting at Kempsey deplored the wretched state of the roads on the Macleay and urged tho nec-iBsity of immediate attention to them on tho part of tho Government, The Lambton municipal council have accepted a tender to light np tne town with electricity. A young girl who did not answer to her bail at Lismore on a charge of larceny waa afterwards disooveied in the river, unconscious, but still alive. TnE second cooperative butter factory in the Camden district was opened yesterday, io the pre- sence of a large number of people. TnB wild flower show at Manly wa» opened yesterday afternoon by Lord Carrington. A large number of visitors attended the floral display, which is admitted to be the best held in Manly for some years. The Mayor of Mnnly says that notwithstanding the immense quantity of blooms in the show, not the slightest infringement had been made upon the wealth of flowers surrounding the district. Al- though these displays have been of annual recur- rence during the last seven or eight years, they have not offec- ed the permanence of the plants or the abundance of the supply. At the meeting of the Public "Works Committee yesterday afternoon, further evidence was token with reference to the Goulburn to Crookwell rail- way. Tot result of the Coroner's inquest relative to the collision between the steamers Centennial and Kana- hooka was a verdiot hy the jury, holding Captain Lessing responsible. He waa committed bv the Coroner to tak» his trial at the Criminal Court on a charge of manslaughter. A Royal Commission has been appointed to inquire into and report upon the mineral law« of South Australia, At a special meeting of the committee of the Munioiial Association of New South Wales, held in the Sydney Town Hall yesterday afternoon, the business arrangements for the annual session were considered, and the report submitted aooepted. A pleauing significance attaches to two events which, took place the other day in connection with the departure of Bear Admiral Fairfax, who retires from the command of the Australian station to take up his appointment as Second Lord of the Admiralty. The one was the deputation that waited upon him in the morn- ing to ask for his assistance in the establishment of a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in Sydney, a deputation which included the Secre- tary of the Federated Seamen's Union. The other was the farewell banquet given in the evening, the attendance at which was not only large but widely representa- tive in character. Amidst the many indi- cations of the growth of an Aus- tralian sentiment, it is reassuring to witness demonstrations of interest in the connection that holds us to the mother country, and a recognition of the strength of that bond between us which the British navy maintains. From time to time, as one naval commander quits the station, and his successor takes his place, wo not only "welcome the coming, speed the parting, guest." but remind ourselves of all that these goings and comings imply. It is not now a light thing, nor has it ever been in the history of the colony, that S3-dney should be the head-quarters of the Australian Squadron. The importance of the fact will be increased when, through our direct co-operation with the Im- perial Government, the strength of that squadron will be largely supplemented by the presence of a partnership naval force. Whatever we may do ashore, our first line of defence against an enemy must be looked for in the iieet, part of which will be permanently stationed in Australian waters, whilst the other part will be available for suoh operations over a wider range as circumstances may dictate. Neither is it a light thing that the location of the naval head-quar- ters here should carry with it the presence of the high naval officers who are fiom time to time appointed to take command. For man}' years past this pont has been held by men of service, of distinction, and of influence; and whilst they bring to us a general knowledge of affair* and a special experience which can hardly fuil to give value to their advice when it is'sought, they carry au ay with them at the expira- tion of their term of office an acquaintance with the conditions of life in the colonies, and with the drift of the ourrents of opinion and feeling, which must almost be of value both to us and to the Empire on their return to England. Whatever may lie before us in the future, it is desirable that there should be no mis- < understanding upon these points at ' the < heart of the Empire ; and the periodical ' return after a few years' renidence in Aub- ] tralia of auch men aa have held the oom- 1 mand of the squadron here for a long timo ,' past may be included amongst the cireum stances which should tend to develop Td maintain a right?undowtandinginstAi It was natural that Rear-Admiral Fira fax in addressing the representative gathering the other night, should find something to say about the defences of the Australian ports; and it was W6H that, even though he was returning thanks as a cuest, ho hud the candour to say what he thought as to our shortcomings and the courtesy to nssutne that words of warnin.tr or of criticism would be accepted as ttiev were moant. But they were serious words nevertheless. The question of the defences was one which, »ho regretted to «v New South Wales did not take up so heartily as she ought to do.» Ia Port Jackson, ho said, " the fortifications of late yours had received little or no attention, and over twenty breech-loading guns were lying here unmounted. Cer- tainly it was a curious anomaly that, while all overtho Empire fortifications were ready waiting for guns, in New South Wales alone guns were waiting for workB in which to place them." In New Zealand much had been accomplished, and " what bud been done had been thoroughly well done." In Victoria, "under able Ministers of Defence, Port Phillip was fast becoming one of the best fortified places in the Empire." It is not satisfactory, when comparisons ore being made and contrants ure being drawn, to find New South Wales, the oldest and richest colony of the group, the leader in population, production, and trade, hold- ing so poor a position in such a matter as this. One of the worst features of the case is that the explanation is not to be found in economy, or unwillingness to incur the necessary coat. Our tenden- cies are the other way ; our habits are not parsimonious, but extravagant. What is said of New Zealand is the very thing that cannot bo Baid of us. We have been distinguished not by thorough« ness, but by the want of it j and the want of thoroughness in matten of this sort is a fatal evil. The efficiency attained in Port Phillip has been attained under able Ministers of Defence. It has been our misfortune for some time to lack the services of a Minister who had suffi cient time or ability, or who took sufficient interest in the question to give it that persistent and prac- tical attention which its importance demand*. How can we expect thorough- ness at any point without thoroughness at the head ? And what hope is there ot thorougnnesR when the responsible Minister talks about the nilling cost of restoring a disabled gun, and ignores the fact that it had been practicnlly unfit for service for more than a year, and that no effective measures had been taken to make it Üt for service, although the appliances were at hand? " When war carne," euid the Admiral, " there would be no time given to erect batteries and to mount guns." We har* been playing at preparations for war, and acting as though we did not believe that there was any real necessity for them. It is time that the play ceased and the work began. We have been assured that this necessity is now recounised, but at the Bame time comes an intimation that the facts of the case must be concealed from the public, because a variety of evil con- sequences would follow their publication. Under such circumstances the assurance is of doubtful value. Considering the state of public business and the desirableness of bringing to a close as soon as possible an unduly pro- tracted session, the Legislative Council acted unreasonably la-t night in adjourn- ing the do bate on tha Payment of Mem- bers Bill until next week. The bill certainly came before /the House under unusual circumstances, and it was only right that members should place on record the reasons which guided them in the course they proposed to take. It was also to be expected that the attacks made upon the Council in the Assembly would be replied to, and no fault can be found with members for endeavouring to set thamselves right with the country. But all that it was necessary to say could have been easily said in one evening. The question has been so thoroughly thrashed out that the bill might well have been dealt with in a business-like way. The time given to the consideration of such questions as the opinion of the country with regard to the principle. of payment of members, the powers of the Council with regard to money bills, and the probable consequences of an attempt by the Government to coerce the non- representative branch of the Législa- ture, was time thrown away, for npne of the-e subjects have anything to do with the existing situation. What the House hns to decide is whether it wi\l \- : - ~*?A,.aH hv accept or reject the compromise uu«T », the Aesemblv, and one night's debate should have been ample for the purpose. Hitherto, the Council has been more noted for work than for talk ; but if it does not mind what ifis about its reputation for industry will declino until it stands no higher than that of the Assembly. Nothing else, however, can be urgen against the proceedings of last night The members who addressed the House, while maintaining the rights of M Council, and speaking in plain terms o' the aggressive attitude assumed by w Assembly in the earlier stages of the controversy, spoke with dignity and moderation, and showed a P»w»**TJ desire to deal with the measure in mon» way as to serve the public interest A» everyone knows, the bill now before tho Council was sent up by ^.Assembly as compromise. It was submitted m such by the Attohnky-GeneiUI. last night, anda such it was accented by leading members o the House. The concession made b, the Assembly in depriving the -»ensure of te retrospective effect is not .> g««t m perhaps, but it was made, « » E. remembered, in deference to J» views of the Council, and it »> therefore be regarded as ciliatory step. Such is the light^n wnic it is viewed by Sir Ain-D SM»£ William Manning,- and Dr. Gi¡»J**^ although they confess.vhat the bill » sun objectionable, since itcontainerB° " members of the Assembly are concerned. principle of «^T^Ätl» their way to carry res.stanoe anyx The position of the Astombly o» the flp «entative House, the state of public feel ( )> ina, and the consequences that would pro- bably follow a conflict between the two branche* of the Legislature, are matters to he considered and weighed ; and, although, as Sir William Manning pointed out, if the Assembly lind deliantly and insolently sent up the bill a second time in its original foim, the Council would have been obliged, by the instinct of self-preservation, to make resistance. Now that the Assembly hu given up one of the most objection- able features of the bill, the Council will, do well if it accepts the compromise. It I may be asked, indeed, whether what is j left is worth quarrelling about P It would have been more seemly and more constitutional, pethaps, to defer the appli- cation of the measure until the next Parliament, but the Council has to consider the probable consequences of a ' conflict between the two Houses. How would the country he beBt served By keeping rigidly to the position originally taken up, which would in- volve a Parliamentary war, or by accepting the overture made by the Assembly, and so ensuring peace? Sir Alfred Stephen sayB " Pence if possible." Even though an entire branch of the olivo is not held out to the Council, he is willing, for the Bake of the country and the harmonious working of the two Houses, to accept a single leaf. This was, perhaps, making too little of the concession, but, on the whole, Sir Alfred Stephen stated the case very accurately and very fairly. The Assembly has conceded a point ; it has shown a conciliatory spirit in adopting an amendment suggested by the Council, and it would not be to the advantage of the country that there should be any further conflict. Let us have peace. Should the House adopt the reasonable course recommended by Sir Alfbed Stephen,' Sir William Manning, and Dr. Gabban, there will still be a question of some importance to decide. As we pointed out at the time, the bill now before the Council, owing to the hasty way ia which Mr. Reid's amendment of the second clause was made, does not carry out the intention of the Assembly, The object of the amend- ment was to deprive the bill of its retrospective effect, and accordingly the words " from the commencement of the present session " were struck out. But Elsewhere in the clause provision is made for the payment of an allowance at the rate of £300 a year "to every ouch member of this present Legislative Assembly now serving, and to every such member hereafter elected, from the time of his taking his Beat." It is evident that in the case of a member returned at the general election " from the time of his taking his seat " would corre- spond in most cases with the first day of the session ; and the clause, 1 therefore, apparently gives member* the " back pay " which they were supposed to have relinquished. The Attobney Qensbal takes a different view. There is no provision in the bill as to when it is to come into operation, and Mr. Simpson con- tends that the Acts Shortening Act would apply, i It is provided in this Act that unlesB something to the contrary i* ex- pressed a bill shall take effect from the date on whioh the Governor gives his assent to it ; and the Attoeney Genekal argues that as the Payment of Members Bill is in this position, no claim to "back pay" would lie. It was the opinion of Sir Alfred Stephen, however, that if claims to " back pay " were made under the clause as it stands they could not be re- sisted, and it was submitted moreover that it was not right to leave the bill in such an unsatisfactory condition. As to the dan- ger apprehended b3- the Attorney- Genebal that an amendment of any kind might lead to the loss of the bill, it was pointed out that the question of privilege could not arise in this case. The House of Commons offers no objection to amendments made by the Lords in money billa when the object of the alterations is to carry out the purpose of the Lower House, and it was maintained that the amendment contemplated in the present case would come under that cate- gory. There is common sense in this view, but whether it is right or wrong, the bill, it is obvious, cannot be allowed to pass into law in its present unsatisfactory state. If the Assembly does not see its way to accept the necessary amendment which the Council will probably make, it must lay the measure aside, and send up another bill in proper form. About six months ago some speculators in Victoria were proposing to purchase from the Government the exclusive right of advertising on the backs of postage stamps. If we remember right, a sura of £12,000 was offered for the possession of the privilege for three yenrs Now we letirn that the PosTMASTF.n-GKNr.RAi, of this colony has actually entered into a contract of this nature, and that the payment he is to receive will be £3000 for the fir-«t year and £3600 for the second year, pay- able quarterly in advance. The arrangement is a curious illustration of the tendencies of the times. People sometimes wonder what we should now do without photographs. It is perhaps even more difficult to imagine the condition of the civilised world bereft of advertisements. It would be a howling wilderness instead of a garden of pleasure. Some have thought that it is possible to go too far in this direction. Their sense of the firness of things is shocked when they hear of the Pyramids of Egypt being decorated with trade puffs. They are not altogether wrong. It would not be seemly to cover the front of our venerable Houses of Parlia- ment with pictures of the shipwrecked lady who " washed herself ashore " with terebene soap, or with representations of that fair-haiied boy who gazes with, thoughtful eyes upon the changing colours of ascending bubbles. But, after all, there are situations where adverti»e roeiitx may be seen without offence ; and where can they be less offensive than on the back of a postage Btamp, which as soon fis it fulfils its purpose passes outi of sight P It is a question whether adver- j thing is not now becoming one of the exact sciences. The advances that have been »ade in the pursuit ou it within the last half century- have been amongst'the vmar velsof the age. When one attorney takes up his abode in a small country town another soon follows, arid business increases with the facilities for its transaction. So it is with advertising at the present day ; so man}' are in it that no one can afford to be out of it. It is, in fact, the very life ! of trade. On the principle, no doubt, that one must go abroad to herir news, we have to refer td another colony for information on | an important point of our own depart I mental administration. We are indebted to our Melbourne correspondent, a telegram from whom we published on Tuesday, and to the Melbourne Argita, instead of to the Minister for Public Instruction, for the news contained in a paragraph in another I column, to the effect that this colony will not be represented at the Con- ference ' recommended by the Vic- torian Minister for Education on the subject of a uniform school-book system. Dr. Pearson's view s on that matter were given in a telegram published yesterday. Speaking at Mornington, the other day, that gentleman said that the federal school-book he has in mtnd should con- tain all that was best in Australian thought and Australian prowess in every department of life, and he instanced the bush ballads of Gordon, speeches of the late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, and biographies of such men as Mr. Francis Ormond, as examples of what he meant. The Conference is suggested to draw up a scheme for school-books on these lines, but, as the Argus informs us, the Minister who has charge of the schools of this colony has decided not to join in a movement of the kind pro- posed. The reason given is a good one. Our lesson books are radically different from those of Victoria, for instance, because the difference is an outcrop of diversity in the systems themselves. Vic- torian education is entirely secular ; ours is not, any more than it ia entirely free, like that of Victoria. Scripture lessons are a part of our common school educa- tion, and a course of reading-books has been expressly provided for the purpose of inculcating them, Pupils in our Public schools are examined in Scripture, which is as much a part of the routine of study as geography or arithmetic. Of course that objection could be got over by making the systems of education uniform. But would that be an adviHable step to take P This desire for homogeneous systems has its disadvantages. Unity is one thing, but a flat level of uniformity is another. We have heard of State systems of education, of which it was the proud boast that departmental discipline had reached such a pilch of perfection that hundreds of thousands of children all over the country recited geographical facts or went through the same manual exercise with the uni- formity and regularity of a machine. But to what good P Surely it is better to develop individuality and give personal qualities a chance, than secure an unrea- sonable regularity that could be got much better from a collection of automatic puppets. The desire for uniformity is a Craze, and liker everything of the kind it has a tendency to run to ridiculous ex- tremes. | An Australian correspondent of the Economist has written some things that are ¡ calculated to prejudice the colonies when | they next go to the London money market. Englirth capitalists are informed " that evfty colony can point to railway lines which no sane man would have expected to pay, and which were made in the teeth of professional opinion, to meet the exigencies of political life." No doubt that is true. But no patriotic colo- nist need Bend half statements to the other end of the world. Colo- nial railway construction and railway management may both be imperfect, but it is hardly necessary to proclaim the fact where it can do no good, and may do a great deal of harm, even though the informa- tion is coupled with the statement that most of the evils have been abolished by the appointment of non-political railway bourds, which have had *' a magical effect in improving the position both of Victoria and New South Wales." Then, again, an unfavourable impression will cer- tainly be created by the state- ment that " the loans, though incurred cniefly for railwa3-s, have also been issued for the development of the colonies in other ways, and the result has been thal they have been used by successive Govern- ments as bribes to the working classes, and with the object and intention, not so much of permanently benefiting the borrowing colony, as of temporarily raising the wages of the working classes." Now, though some few public works may have been carried out ostensibly to give employment to artisans, we may fairly challenge the statement that the object and intention was to temporarily raise the wages of the working classes. Necessaiily under our system of govern ment public works have to be carried out with loan funds. But that does not prove that the object is to raise wages. Even though Governments have undertaken public works when labour was scarce, and in consequence wages have been raised, it is not correct to say that the object was to raise them. We do not believe any political party in this or any other colony has had such a purpose in view, ' lhere may be public works which ought not to have been under- taken at the time they were; but the intention was to meet the clamour of con- stituencies, not to raise wages. If a large public building in Sydney is required by the Government, the fact that many masons are out of work is a good I reason why it should be proceeded with. Some things that the correspondent of the I Economist has written will certainly be ¡ misunderstood to our disadvantage by i those who have not a complete knowledge ! of the conditions of the colonies. Our 1 Governments may now and then have | mude mistakes-what Governments have not P-but the most of our public works { have been wisely undertnken, and the balk of the money we have borrowed has been ? spent to a good purpose._ Trb second reading of the amended Payment of Heribert Bill wa* moved by the Attorney-Go eral in the Legislative Council last evening. Mr. Simpson, whilst admitting the right of the Council to umend the bill, nrged that they should adopt a conciliatory spirit and pass the measure in the torm in which it had been sent up to them. He feared that if any amendment were made in the measure it would not be accepted T>y tim Assembly. Sir Alfred Stephen, who followel, ppoko in justification of the action the House had already taken in rcspoct to the application of the prinuiplo of pay- ment of members, and contended that substantial amendments of the bill would be necessary to give effect to the intentions of the other branch of the , Legislature. Dr. Garran, Mr. Salomons, Sir ' William Manning, and Mr. Charles also took part in the debate, which was adjourned till Tuesday , next. TrtEiiE were only four questions on the business I paper of the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to a question in the name of Mr. Chanter, said the Gov. rnment would be pro pared to supp y a hand fire-pump far the protection j of public buildings st Moama, and it would be sent i to its destination with the least possible delay. In reply to Mr. Cruick-hank. who inquired respecting the mineral lease of a man named Clarth, Mr. Sydney Smith said Clarth surrendered his lease on November 15,1887. On September 5 in the same year Clarth asked permission to surrender his lease with a view to obtain a lease of the same land free of rojalty. Bent was paid on the issue of the now lease, and there was no re- pegging. There were 42 mineral leases in the parish of Olive, in respect to which rents amounting in tho aggregate to £101, had recently fallen duo, and steps were being taken towards enforcing payment. In reply to Mr. Barbour, Mr. Brunker said complaints had been made of the lois of time to tiie publio wh> go to select a piece of land (520 acre*) and find that it has beon with- drawn from sale only one day before the selecting day. It was possible to give reasonable notice whon forfeited conditional purchases were withdrawn from selection, except in rare instances. Ko general decision was arrived at in the case of Murtin's for- feited conditional purchase. Ttie portion was re- served from sale pending legislation as to the extent of 8jiDcial area selections, and with a view to the land boiog made a special area. In reply to Mr. Gormly, Mr. Brunker said Mr. District Surveyor Orr recommended the reservation from sale of cer- tain lots in the county of Cooper, parish of Willim- bong, ponding the passing of the Land Bill, now before Parliament In viow of the District Sur- veyor's roport he saw no necessity for reterring the matter to the Local Land Board, Silt Henry Pabees said he ought to inform the house that that morning telegrams had reached his office reporting an almost unprecedented flood at Deniliquin. They had applied for boats and tents, and under the ciroumstances, as delay would occur from sending boats from Sydney, he at once asked the Government of Victoria to buy the boats in Melbourne and send them over. At a later stage Mr. Lyne stated that he had received a to.'e gram from Echuca complaining that the waters of the Biver Murray, which belong to New South Wales, w-re encroaching upon Victorian territory, and asking this Government to remove them. Sir Henry Parkes said he was excessively obliged to the hon. member for the information, but he was a day behind the fair, as the telegram was communi- cated to him an hour before. He had already advined that steps be taken by the hon. member and his friends to accomplish that object. Further on in tbe evening the Premier read a reply from the Victorian Government statii g that ti>ey, had wired to Echuiato asceitain whethor the boats required could be obtained there, and if not tiley would send them up by special train from Melbourne that night. A subsoqut-nt telegram said that all arrange- ments had been made to send up the boats by special train. Mr. Brunker, in reply to Mr. Willis, without notice, said he had received a petition, and the three members for Bourke had waited on him in reler ence to withdrawing certain allotments at Bourke from Bale, Having visited the locality, he was of opinion that the sale should proceed. In reply to Mr. Abigail, Mr, Sydney Smith said he would consider the propriety of laying on the table of the Hou°e the report of Mr. M'Kinuoy, in 1888, on the Murray Uiver. Mr. Gould, in reply to Mr. Edmunde, said he did not thiuk there would be any objection to lay on the table particulars with regard to the Pro thonotary's salary. Tue following motions wore taken as formal, and agreed to:-Mr. J. P. Abbott's motion for oopies of correspondence, &c; in reference to a road from Ho*lingtoa to the Bungendore road; Mr. Edmund's motion for copies of correspondence, &&, received by his Excellency with relerence to the respite of the lato prisoner Mor- rison, pending suoh prisoner's petition for leavo to appeal to her Majesty in Council; and Mr. Mac- kinnon^ motion tor copies of correspo .dence, &c; in regard to an inquiry held at Murrumburrah in Apiil last with reference to complaints made ny Hung Foot, storekeeper, against Constable Murdoch. Mr. Sydsey Smith moved the second reading of the Coal Mines Regulation Bill. He referred to the importance of the coal industry. He had had a return prepared by the Government Geologist, which showed that the total quantity of coal in the colony, down to a de ith of 4,000ft.,' was 78,198,000,000 oubic feet He denied the statement that we had fewer accidents in our coal mines than there were io those of England ; figures showed that the reverse was the case, During the« last 11 years, the percentage of accidents in England was 2-183 per thousand, while in New South Wales it was 8-310 per thousand. This fact showed that legislation was needed. The bill now before the Hou-e was largely based on the recommenda- tions of the Boyal Commission of 1886. The report of that Commission showed that large pillars should be left in the min«s. He pro c 'oded to recount the provisions of the bill. Proper arrangements would be made under th<s bill for the eafoty ot miners. Surface workings, as well as un- derground workings, were regulated ; and it was pro- vided that a second shaft should bs sunk within six months after tho workings had been commenced, otherwise not more than 20 mon could be employed. Boys under 20 were not to be allowed to work an e gine wera lives wore at stake, and a third shaft would ha required in certain cases. Provision was made far the inspection of mines, a d boilers were not to he allowed underground. Other provisions of a minor nature, to ensure the safety of the miners, were embodied in the bill. He asked hon, members to- assist in passing this bill. Any reasonable amendment ho would be prepared to accept; but he felt the time had arrived when such a measure ought to become law. Mb. Flbtchrr said the mine proprietors should grudge nothing to seoure the safety of the men, and he for one felt the greatest interest in making the bill as perfect as possible. At the same time, he was not prepared to legislate whare there was no occasion for it» He submitted that the provision made in the bill for pillars was unneces- sary. The character of the coal should be taken into oonsidoration, and no hard and fast rule should be laid down. It waa unnecessary to have surveys made every three mouths. Several of the details which he pointed out were unnecessary. He helioved there should be two shafts by which the men could be brought out of the mino at anv tim», but thoy should bo compelled to descend by the downcast shaft Many of these provisions only encumbered I tho bilL If the provisions for 14-yard pillars were carried out more than half the coil would be tieft in the minc. He was anxious that the best venti- lation should be provided for the men. He hoped the eight-hour system would be adopted. Mr. Greer found the hill an exceedingly good'one, and it had met with approval of both the miners and the masters, with a few exceptions. j He hoped that notwithstanding the late period of tbe Bession the bill would be passod into law Mr. i Oriok took the objection that the bill was outside ' tho order of leave. The point of order was dis- cussed at considerable length, but the Speaker eventually ruled that the bill was properly before i the House. Mr. Wheeler regretted that such an important measure should be brought in at the fag end of the session, when thete was no time to properly oonsider it He supportod ihe bill, but would move amend- ments in committee, 'Mr. ' Mitoholl , thought it a waste of time to discuss tbe um on the second reading. Ho should vote for the bill. Mr.' Abigail supported tho bill, which was mainly* tho measure prepared | while he was Minister for Minos, and the pro- | visions of which ho defended, Mr. Seaver con- ' tended that tho bill was not practical. Mr. Burns , referí ing to the recent di-aster at Newcastle, said it would never have occurred had the existing law been propeily carried out. At the same time he i would assist the Government to pass this bill 1 Mr. Woodward was of opinion that the manager . of a mine should be responsible for accidents. Mr. Dibbs contended that the colliery proprietors were interested in the eafoty of the miners they employed. He looked upon this measure as too, important a ona to be rushed through at the end of the sossion, and suggested that they should pass the second reading, and defer the further consideration of the bill to the next session. Mr. Sydnoy Smith, in reply, said he was anxious to see the bill become law, hut, in view of the objec i tiona that had beon raised, was willing to go into . committee pro forma, and loavo the hill to bo dealt I with next cess on. The second reading was agieed ') to, and the House went into committeo pro forma | accordingly. , TnE Wollongong Harbour Trua> Bill was further considered in committee. Sir Henry Parkes moved an amendment to give power to the Government, if neceäsary in the puhlio intere/t, to dissolve the Trust, and take control of the lands, &c.; Mr. Crick opposed tho amendment, and thought there should bo tome provision to compensate persons who might suffer if the Government took .over the Trust. Sir Henry Parkes pointed out that the bill simply gave power to the trust to cirry out certain natioml works, which the Government wero not at present prepared to undertake. Mr. Dibbs objected to tho amondment, but it was presently osrried on a division ot 82 to 17. The schedules and pre imblo were agreed to. The bill wns re- ported to the House with amendments. The House rose at a quarter-past 11 o'clock. In reply to a question asked by Mr. Joseph Abbott on 29th August last, Sir Henrr Parkes laid on the table of tho Assembly a return showing tho following particulars :-The amount paid for pauper patient* to the Sydney Hospital during 1888 wa-i £5,985 Oe. 6d. for the seven months ended 31st July last, the amount so paid was £3.90(1 48." 6d. The number of pauper patients admitted during 1888 was 1122 ; during the S"ven months ended July 31 last, it was 691. The average number of patients in the hospital during 1888 was 112 ; during the first seven montliB of 1889 the average number was 122. The average daily number of all patients for the two periods referred to was 218, and 245 respec- tively. The average length of stay of patients during the two periods was 35 and 37 days. The rate per day allowed for pauper patients was 3s. With regard to the Princo Alfred Hospital the sub- sidy paid for 1888 was £4000. The amount pud for pauper patients in 1888 was £5,208 16s. 3d.; for the first seven months in 1889 the amount so paid was £2,162 6s. The number of patients admitted during the two periods mentioned was 766 and 302 respectively. Tho avorage daily number of patients for the two periods was 85 and til,,and the avorage daily number of all patients was 198 and 201. Tbe average stay of patients was 43 and 42 days, aud the rate per day allowed for pauper patients was 8s. Mr. Gould laid on the table of the Assembly yesterday the opinion of Mr. Healy, barrister-ut law, respecting tho case of Mr. John Garsed, dated 7th Mnrch last, Mr. Hcalr, it ' appears, was entrusted by Mr. W. Clarke, when Minister for Justice, to prepare a clear statement of the facts of the case. He shows that in February, 1858, an action was brought in the Supreme Court by William Bean and Archibald Ashdown, then partners, against Garscd, upon an overdue bill of exchange for £680 15s. 3d. It was slated in defendant's plea that ho gave Ashdowit'in settlement of cettain partnership transactions .» bonus of £2000, of which the sum sued for formed part. Upon this matter Garsed was prosecuted for perjury and convicted. The civil action re- sulted in a verdict for plaintiffs for £692 2a 6i, being presumably the amount of the bill with interest thereon. The trial for perjury took place in October, 1859, when Garsed was found guilty, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Darlinghurst gaol. By this conviction Garsed considered himself ag- grieved, and now seeks, not compensation from the Government, -but some authorita- tive pronouncement that he was wrongly convicted. The substance1* of the oharge against Garsed was that the sum of £680 15s. 3d. was not, as ho sta'ed in his evidence, a balance due from Garsed to Ashdown alone, but a debt due to tbo firm of Dean and Ctv- Mr. Healy minutely re- capitulates all the proceedings in connection with the case, but docs not pronounce any opinion one way or the other. He pointe out that Sir Alfred Stephen, in a minute writ en in July, 1879, says he considered the verdict of guilty a proper one. Mr. Healy further calls attention to tho faot that in this cubs there had buen two verdiots-one by a civil and one by a criminal jury, in which they must have found that Garsed's plea waa not made out. As imporlant public work will be submitted by the Minister for Works to the Cabinet this week, with a view of having it brought before Parliament, to be referred to the Publio Works Committee for report. The proposal is to construct cable tramways in the city in two busy routes at present served principally 'hy omnibuses. One route begins at the foot of King-s'reet, and runs via King-street, College-street, Boomerang sireet, and William-street to Ocean-street, Woollahra. At the top ' of William-street the double lino will bifurcate in single lines, one goingalon/ Upper William- treat North, and the other along Upper William-street South, meeting again at the juuotion at Roslyn-street, where the doublo line is resumed and continued to the terminus. The second line will have its terminus 'at Ultimo. It will go atong Harris- street to Parramatta-road, and along Georgo-stieot in a double line as far as Bathurst-strout Owing to the narrowness of the streets the line will hire branch off in two single lines-one running along George-strcet to Circular Quay, and the othor along Pitt-street The George streot line will be used for cars coming into the oity,and the Pitt-street 1'ne foroars goingout towards Ultimo. It is also proposed,, pending some decision being arrived at upon the City Bailwav scheme, to construct a temporary connection into the Redfern Station, so that the whole of the railway traffic nany pass on to the cable tramway, and thus relievo the Elizabeth-street line. This will be found much more convenient than the present intermittent com ! municatioa with Redfern, as the trams will run regularly every two minutes. Tha service to Ultimo will be an eight-minute one. As far as the Woollahra line is concerned there will be . very frequent service to the top of William-street, Dar- linghurst; but the trams to Woollahra will run every eight minutes, Trams going to Woollahra will pass through Upper William-street North, and, coming baok, will run through Upper William street South. The Woollahra line is about 2 miles 24 chains, and the Ultimo line about 8 miles in leugth. A matter of great inconvenience to a large number of workingmen, engaged in unloading ships at Miller's Point,., nae been remedied by the Postmaster- General.x ' The mon re- ferred to, it appears, are called upon to be ready at all hours to go to work, and the only way they could find out when ships were coming in waa by going to tbe General Post Office, to look at the announcement on tho telegraph board, which, of course, involved a considerable loss of time. Mr. Playfair brought the matter under the notice of Mr. O'Counor, and the Minister I has caused a duplicate of the telegraph board to be set up at the Miller's Point telegraph office, so that the men can leam at onoe what vessels are signallod, and know when to i expect them. j At yesterday afternoon's meeting of toe Parlia- mentary Standing Committee on Public Woiks, Mr. A. .Haraand, O.E., gave evidonce on the construction of railways, particularly in regard to ? the question of gradients. In conséquence of .the evidence given the committee. resolved that Mr. Hamand Bhould make a fining survey of the route of the proposed line from Goulburn to Crookwell. | Several deputations will wait on Ministers to- day. The Pi emier will receive the following: 10.30 o,m., concerning the séouring of a suitable site for tho eraotion of an institution for the blind; Ham, regarding the suppression of a publication j called tho Dead Bird ; H.30 a.m. re inoreased municipal endowment for the present yejr ; 12 noon, from Kensington Freehold Company as to tho extension of a road from their property through Government land at Rand- wick; 12.80* p.m. from Fire Insurance Association of Now South Wales regarding »mend nents of the Firo Brigades Bill now belore Parliament The I Minister for Works will be interviewed at 11 a.m. hy a i'oputation from Central Cumberlind concern- ing spveral bridges and roads in the electorate; at 11.30 a.m. by the Redfern Progress Association in releronce to a railway to Botany, and at noon by the Camden Municipal Council re "irding repairs to roads in the district The Minister for Justice will receive a deputation at noon on the subject of the Le chhardt Court-house. TnE following are copies of two petitions which will bo presented to Rear- Admiral Fairfax at the Redfern station this afternoon, prior to the departure of the expiess for Melbourne, by which the Admiral will travo!, on route for Eng- land:-"To Rear-Admiral Fairfax, O B., Septem- ber 12, 1889, Commander-in- chief of the Austra- lian Squadron ; Sydney, New South Wales.-We, the undersignod, loyal British colonial subjects, officers and seamen of our meicantilo marino, desire to bring bofore your notice the advisability of establishing a branoh of the Royal Njval Reserve in New South Wales, in order to extend to us the privileges of joining the R, N. R. Wo doem this a fitting opportunity of placing this important sub- ject botore you, having ho «rd of your appointmont as Second Lord of the Admiralty, and therefore pray that on your arriv.il in England you will use your official influence to advance our desires. In conclusion, we esteem it our duty as loyal subjects of her Majesty to assist in the de- fence of the empire of which this colony forms a part. We have the honour to be, your obedient servants (signed). J. C. Rounding, late master, Queensland Royal Mail Service;' T. M.Davis, secretary Fede- rated Seamen'B Union of Australasia, New South Wales Branch; J. S. Murray, late master P. and O. Company ; J. Vine Hall, master mariner ; R. M'Auley, master mariner; R. 0. Ghost late master Pacifie Mail Company; E. G. Brett, J.P., late master, and from Mercantile Marine ; F. H. Stanford, master s.S. Leura; E. Northcote, late Orient Company; and others." Second petition:-" We, the nudem? ned citizens of Sydney, New South Wales, heartily conour in the deputation and petition presented to Admiral Fairtax bearing upon the establishment of a branch of the Roí al Naval Reserve in thisoolony, and we trust that Admiral Fairfax, upon his arrival in England, will place nur views before'the Lords Com- missioners of the Admiralty, and that some good results will follow in consequence.-(Signed) 'Alfied Stophen, G.O.M.G., C.B., M.L.C., Lieu- tenant-Governor, and a citizen of Sydney for 51 years ; Edmund Barton, Q.O., M.L.O., late Speaker Legislative Assembly; B. R. Wise; Andrew Garran, M.L.C. ; R. H. D. White, M.L.C., owner yacht White Star, Royal Sydney Yoeht Squadron ; T. Playfair, M.L.A. ; W. Stephen, M.L. A. ; J. Mitchell, M.L A. ; W. H. Dowel M.L A. ; J. Hurley, M.L.A ; and others." H.M.S. Oamjope, which is under orders for homo, carne in from the Now Hebrides yesterday. The ship has visited the principal islands in the New Hebrides Group, but in no instance was it found neces-tary to inflict punishment upon the natives, or to destroy their villages, At one or two places Captain Kane, through the medium of an interpreter, held counsel with a number of the most influential oh efs, and explained to thom the course that was open for the redress of any wrongs suffered by the natives at the hands of either tho labour vessels' crows or the regular traders, at the same time impressing upon them the folly of taking the law into their own iiands, and the nature of the consequenoes involved in the commission of outrages upon white traders and settlers. The Calliope visited a number of the mission stations in the New Hebrides. The one occupiod by the Rev. Mr. Robertson at Erromango was the first oallcd at The miwomiry was away at the time, but every- thing appeared to be in a prosperous way. The crops were reported to be particularly good, and the natives peaceaole. The missionary, Mr. Leggett, of Oubea, Mallicollo Island, was seen, and reported all quiet thora, At Port Stanley tbe missionary schooner Dayspring was met. There were several misisonaries and teachers on board, in- cluding Mr, Morton and Mr. Fraser, of Api, Mr. Landoll, of Malo, and Mr. Gillam, who is estaohsh ing a mission station at Oramban, at the entrance to Port Stanley. Divine service was held there on board the Calliope, at whioh all the missionaries with their wives and families and the native teachers and some chiefs attended, Walla Island was visited by the man-of-war. It is not much frequented by traders and there seems to be little known of its character. Its inhabitants are numerous and are very warlike, all carrying arms. | They are of good physique, and their villages are most interesting. At this island Captain Kane succeeded in assomblinc the chiefs, with whom he held a lengthy conversation by means of an inter- preter. They had a grievance against a labour vessel, "upon whioh they had fired, but no ono was hurt Their complaint was that one of their women had been kidnapped. The Calliope craieed slowly along the coast ot the dreaded island of Pentecost No landing was made, but tbe ondless beating of drums ashore sufficiently indioited that the natives were watching the ni o vernon ts of the warship, though very few showed thomselves on the beaches. At one plaoe Duin Dui, Oaba Island, a vessel named the Para was seen, and reported that a boat's orew from a French labour solioonor, the Man5, had been fired upon. The oirenmstances connected with this attaok formed one of the sub- jects for consideration by the joint commission of french and British naval officer*, a meeting of which took place upon the return of the Calliope at Noumea on her way back to Sydney. The Calliope is oxpectcd to leave for England shortly, To-Monnow, it is expeatod, H.M.S, Rapid will leave hero for another oruiso amongst tbe Pacific islands. Her first port of call is Noumea, New Caledonia. It was not known on board yesterday whether the vessel would go on to Humphrey Island and bring away the shipwrecked 21 seamen belonging to the wreckod ship Garston, whioh came to grief on Starbuck Island. Humphrey Island is beyond tho boundary of the Rapid's cruising ground, though not a vwy great distance bevond. The rescue of these men is doubtless receiving attention In addition to the work of visiting Humphrey Island, there is the discovory of the ! captain of the Garston and his boat's crew of eight | men, so far reported as missing. AitoNo the passengers by the RM.S. Orient is Mr. R, Burdott Smith, who has been appointed a member of the Royal Commission to arrange for the representation of tho colony of Victoria at the Paris Exhibition. Mr. Smitb expects, to bo absent from the colony for about the,space of four months. Ma. Christie Murray, the distinguished novelist, yesterday arrived in 8ydney from Melbourne. The series of lectures which Mr. Murray intends to didivor in S\dnoy will bo opened on Saturday even- ing in the Protestant Hall. In the No. 1 Jury Court the cases of Pitt, Son, and Budgery v. Macnamara and Macnamara versus Pitt, Son, and Budgery were again called on, hut sub-equently referred to the arbitration of Mr. Miles, accountant, any question of law being re- served by tho Court. In Rickards v. the New South Wales Railway Commissioners, the plaintiff, a cab driver, sued to recover for injuries sustained in October hist in Ocean-street, Woollahra, in conso quonte of bei' g thrown from his cab through one of the wheels "skidding" along the tram line which was improperly iaised above the roadway. The jury returned a verdiot tor £250. Tub libel action M'Laughlin v. Bennett was re- sumed in the No, 2 Jury Court yesterday, when the cross-examination of plaintiff was resumed and con- cluded. In re-examination he explained at some j length the principles which ho advocated at the public meetings held at Cootamundra nud Gun- dagai, and Mr. Pinkstone, proprietor of the Coota- mundra Herald, and Mr. Hugh O'Donnoll, snli citor, wore called in corroboration. Tho caso will j probably occupy the whole of to- day. An application was mado in Chambers yostorday ' morning to mako absolute a rule nisi for prohibition to quash the couvioiion of David Robert?, manager of the Now South Wales Co- oporativo Cold Storage I Company, Limitod, for knowingly allowing I adulterated milk to be »-old by his servants, such ' adulteration consisting of 10 por cent, of water. The magistral had held that Roberts was liable, but Mr. Justice Foster decided otherwise, and set the conviction aside. The ball held at the Darlinghurst Skating Rink last night, in aid of tho furnishing fund of tho Royal Nival House, was a brilliant fuccbsb. About 1500 persons-iooluding naval and military officers, and leading citizens-were presont His Excellency Lord Carrington and Admiral and Mrs. Fairfax were also in attendance. The decorations woro very effeotivo, and the band of H.M.S. Oilaudo dis- coursed excellent music Dancing was kept up with unflagging enor^y until a late hour. Manly Wild Flower Show was opened yesterday afternoon by his Excellency Lord Carrington. Tho weather was delightful, and the ceremony passed off with considerable éclat. The Governor, who was accompinicd hy his private secretary, journeyed to Manly in tho launch Premier. On arri-ing at the pier he was received by the Mayor (Alderman Cameron) and several of tho prominent rosi dents. After taking a drive round Manly Lord Oairington repaired to tho pavilion in Ivanhoe Park, where he was formally welcomed by the Mayor. He thin declared the Bhow opened, and subsequently visited the stalls, the fernorv, and the annexe. His Excellency expressed great pleasure at tho beautiful appearance of tho stalls and decorations. A largo number of visitors attended tho floral display, which is considered the fmust of its kind yet hold at Manly. The interior of the building was bril- liantly illuminated last evening, when there was a largo attendance. The show will remain open until Saturday. The Sabbath School in connection with tho Congregational Church at Leichhardt celebrated its anniversary on Sunday. Services wore conducted by the Revs. J. Robertson, Charles Taylor, and J. M. Bayley in the morning, afternoon, and evening respectively. The church was crowded at each ser- vice. The tea meeting was held on Tuesday. Mr. J. Pomeroy presided at the publio meeting, and addresses weie delivered by the Rev*. W. O. Robin- son, W. J. Closs, J. Ella, and J. M. Bayley, and by Messrs. Ayling, Sherritt, and Woodhoad, Under the guidance of Mr. Platts, the chuich organist, tho children sang Bome special hymns. There, aie reported 186 scholars in the school, with 14 teachers. Referring to a paragraph from our Brisbane correspondent, announting that the surveyor, W. G. Geddes, was reported to have boon drowned in November, 1887, shortly after insuring his life with the Australian Mutual Provident Society, the secretary writes to any that the correct ' date of the disappearance of the person in question ib Novemhor. 1877. Mr. Jons B. Sheridan writes :-" The corollary to your able leading article of Tuo$day on the Goschen consols conversion is-that tho iruo policy . of the colony is to favour immigration and liberally oncourago land Bottloment, The ¡touth Austiahan ! homestead block system deservos attention." In support of Mr. Wíbb's contention that protec- tion does not increase tho ordinary rate of wagos, Mr. W. H. Walker writes, pointing out that tho Shearers' Union lins fixed the íates for shearing in Victoria at 2s. Cd. less per 100 eheep than ia tree trade Now South Wales. Tee following paragraph appeared in Tuesday's Argus:-"Tho Minister of Public Instruction in | New South Wales has definitely decidod that his department will not be represented in the conference which Dr. Pearson has suggested, with a view to selecting a uniform sories of reading books for all 1 the colonies. Dr Pearson is desirous that tho books, while including suitable extracts from tho 1 be«t English literature, should have nevertheless a distinctively Australian character, but the Ministor of Publio Instruction in Now South Wales points out that the system of education in that colony is not entirely secular, and that religioui instruction 1 is given in the reading hooks in use. Ho therefore considers that the proposed preliminary conference could have no practical result" Commenting upon the misunderstanding botwean the colonies on the Murray Bl ver question, the Argus says that if Sir Henry Parkos will snbmit any proposition for creating a federal conservancy board charged with the task of improving tho Murray, of impounding its waters, nnd of fairly distributing them, he will have the support of all judicious men. The Argus adds :-" The existing arrangement is only temporary, and can ho set aside and varied at any moment on the petition of eithor of the colonial Parliaments, not by an Act of Par- liament by a mere Order in Council. If the one Legislature petitions then the other side is to receive six months' notice of the circumstjneo, and afterwards the Crown can consider tho case, and can' make such order as the Privy Council may recommend. Under this section an Order in Council can any day be issued giving Vic- toria the whole of the Murray, which wo shall not ask for, or giving us equal jurisdiction with New South Wales, which is- tho application that would be made. Tho present arrangoment waa made when irrigation was unthought of,' and if it could bo shown that a practical inconvenienco was arising from the situation, tho Privy Council would exercise its powers, and would intorfcro before the quarrel had gouo very far. It would not be particularly dignified, however, for two great colonies to appear before the Privy Council in tho guise of headstrong children incapable of manag- ing" their own äff ihV]_ Tim Hospital Bazaar and Village Fair will bo oponed at the Exhibition Building at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Special musical arrangements havo boon made, and among other entertainments thoro will be a concert and amateur dramatic porlormanco each cvoning. 