WITHOUT LOVE OR LICENSE. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. BY HAWiEY SMAIIT, Author of "Breezie Langton," "The Master of Eathkelly," " Long Odds," &o.; (By special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved] CHAKEEB: VIII.-THE WASHING, The week's . Blipped by. Exmonth had never been gayer than it w&s; that summer. Garden parties, tennis tournaments, cricket matches, water picnics, and dances followed each other In rapid succession. . Plenty was also going on La Exeter, and the revels in both places were attended, by the people - of each town. Fred Hallaton threw himself Into all the fan going on round him with all the life and vigor that characterised his nature. In the ballroom, in front of the nets, or in front of the wickets he threw himself into the pastime of the hoar heart and soul.' He was by no means a bad fellow, but he was apt to pursue the pleasure of the moment with out counting the cost, and at the present time was playing a game thab has often brought infinite tribulation to the player. JBe was paying" marked attention to one woman while he was madly in love with another. . Mary Lydney was no foolish sentimen tal young woman to let her heart go out of her keeping at the first few courtesies that a man might pay to .her. She had had two disappointments, the latter of which she had borne with becoming resignation, bub the first had been a very different matter. Her heartstrings had been sore wrong abont that first love affair; for a long time she had not known how lb was that her betrothed had suddenly left her. Bat persistent questioning forced from her father the humiliating fact .that her fiance had broken off his engagement because he could come to no satisfactory arrangement in money matters with Mr, Lydney. What particular point he had taken' umbrage ab she had never cared to enquire. She felt sure that her father_would_ be most liberal . In hla Hotter "of settlements, and she cowered with shame when she thought that this man, who had professed to love her so dearly, had loved not herself but her money. ' As her father's only daughter ehe supposed that some of these dayaalie" should not only be very well* off, bub that her father would make her a handsome allowance if he approved of her choice, and Bhe thought that the man whose re quirements in this respect her father had failed to satisfy must be Indeed greedy of gold. She liked Hallaton, and could nob help being aware that he paid her marked attention, bub Bhe was not likely to leb her hearb go lightly out of her own keep ing a second time. Then, moreover, she knew knew of his acquaintance with " that very objectionable Miss Mercer," and she often wondered whether he saw anything of that young lady now. She had never asked him; they 'had tacitly s greed that that fair damsel was never to be the subject of their discourse. Strangely enough, Sarah was equally curlouB to know if Fred saw much of Miss Lydney, but Hallaton sternly repressed all enquiries in thab direction, and im perious as the girl was, and great as was her power over him, she found her lover,. too, bad a temper of his own, and, strange to say, she liked him all the better for ib. Sarah Mercer had been so accustomed to rule her swains right royally that ib interested her to have a man at her feeb whom she could not quite deal with as she pleased. Thab society generally had noticed how attentive the young artillery man was to Mary Lydney ib Is needless to say, and thab society waggled lbs head and whispered that all was arranged between Mr. Hallaton and the banker's daughter. Some of those dear elderly ladleB to whom a past scandal is a thing preserved bub never burled, whispered ominously that the thing had happened twice before, that Mary hadno difficulty in getting engaged, but in her case that never seemed to lead to a wedding. As for Dicky Chives, when the rumor first met his ears he put down his pipe, and said gravely, and in awestruck tones, " Is this true, you fellows? I don't go gadding about, you know; bub hashe gone , too far to be saved, because if he hasn't I'll speak to him ? " But his comrade generally replied that Hallaton was making uncommon strong running if he didn't mean it, and that If he was not engaged yet he was as good as. On hearing which Dicky resumed his brule guele, .puffed a heavy cloud of smoke from under his moustache, and grimly ejaculated,. " There's another good man gone wrong I" Dicky consequently never said any thing to Fred concerning this ramor. He hated-to see his chums marry, because he ?knew that they then became lost to him in that capacity. Ib was not thab the better halves of some of these lost sheep had not striven to make their houses plea sant to their husbands' old friends-the difficulty was with Dicky hlmBelf ; he got on very well with ladies once Induced to mingle with them, and indeed would have been rather a favorite with them if he could only be persuaded to go more frequently amongst them, but, to use his own expression, he "shied at a petticoat" Ib must have been, I suppose, the mental Btrain required for the making of Bmall talk, for he was a man to whom, except in the matter of tobacco, a lady's presence imposed no. very unaccustomed restraint. If Dhives had aBked Fred whether ho waB going to marry Miss Lydney that gentleman would probably have told Dicky .not to be a fool. "I visit a good dear at their house at Exmouth ; lb's all rot to think just because a man is a little civil to the daughter of the house that he IB thinking aboub marrying her," and at the present moment it was probable thab Fred had never taken thought to himself of what would be the end of either of his love affairs. Yet with all the gaiety he was mixed up In Hallaton fonnd time somehow to pay many a visit to the Old Dragon Inn, He made a flimsy pretext of a passion for hearing these old smuggling legends, and had even been taken by Sarah to see old Uob Mutter. He had made that veteran happy by a largesse of silver and tobacco, and endured, aB he laughingly remarked, two or three stupendous lies from the lips of that drunken old sailor. Bab, for the rooBt part, he Bought bia information from Mies Mercer's own pretty moath, to which his own ab times got in closer proximity than strict etiquette warranted. " I can't tbink," said Sarah, as she walked lovingly with Fred Hallaton in the garden one autumn ? afternoon, " what father's fad la abont that old ball room . He keeps ib moat jealously locked; aB for its being unsafe, that's all moon* shine." "Ib doesn't much matter," replied Hallaton. " Ib is only an old man's whim, I fancy. It may be that your father has got It Into his head that some of all the lumber and old furniture we saw there is valuable." "IBleep a good way from lb," replied Sarah, "bub sometimes I hear strange noises that sound as if they came from the old room. I told mother j3o the other day, and remarked if the ghoBts of the old smugglers had come back they must have come in very substantial form I" "And what did Mrs. Mercer say ?" " Nearly snapped my nose off," replied the girl laughing. "Told me I was old enough to know better, and that she would trouble me to hold my tongue and not go talking about such things, adding, ' If you go gabbling about ghosts I shall have the. I girls afraid to move about the house now the days are drawing in.' Father and Mr. Brent, too, are quite touchy about my allusion to that room." " I can't see what Mr. Brent has to do with it," Bald Hallaton, " any more than I can see what on earth he Is doing here. By the way, what does he do here " I'm sure I don't know," replied Sarah; "he goes out very little, and never, to my knowledge, into Exmouth. He seems to spend most of his time talk ing to father." Hallaton here turned the conversation into more personal channels. His question had been asked from very idleness, for what Mr. Brent's business might be at the Dragon was a thing In which he felb no interest. InBide the bar parlor it was evident that something unusual had occurred to disturb the usually tranquil conversation that went on between Joe Mercer and his guest. "This letter is serious," exclaimed Brent. "That inquisitive chattering magpie Tcotell was bad enough, bub even if he did succeed In recollecting me, although it would be awkward, still there could be no Bnch consequences as would happen in this case." " Read the letter again," replied Mercer sententionsly. "Letter," returned the other; "it's only a line from one of my most trusted confederates, a man who has been in a gcod many big things with me. He don't say much, but Jim can say a good deal in a few words. There's nothing more than this-* Mind yourselves; Creasey is out.' And if he had said the devil is unchained 1 shouldn't have considered ib so serious." "Well, I can't quite understand it," said Mercer. "To begin with, who is Creasey, and what is he out of ?" " Out of prison, curse him. Creasey is the bane of my existence, the millstone that has been round my neck all my life Bub for Creasey," continued Brent pas sionately, "I might have been something very different. I unjustly got the credit years ago .of a robbery that Creasey com mitted, and a robber In some shape I've remained ever since. I've never stooped to be the mere vulgar bandit that Creasey Is-a man who has adopted burglary as his calling." Carried away by his own tempestuous feelings, Brent did not notice his com panion's countenance, but suddenly his eye fell upon Joe's awestruck face, and pausing, he said with a laugh-"Do I frighten you, old man ?" " I knew nothing about Creasey," was the reply, " you never told me you were mixed up with people of that sort, and what is the use of calling things by 3nch nglynamea-?-I^caiJrirTO£l-wi£irrol>15ery, "mind you," "Ah, you don't," said Brent, "pray what do you call our present business"?' " Well, it is Bmart trading, if you mu3t talk abont it," said Joe. " I get all the produce I can oS the farm, and sell it ab the best market." Brent burst Into a fit of laughter. " Now," continued Joe, " what aboub Creasey ; not that I've any desire to make his acquaintance, but how can he interfere with us ? Does he know you're here ?" " No; but he will," rejoined Brent, "as I tell him, there's no shaking him off. He'd find me if I was In the midBb of the Australian bush. He always does, ex cept he's locked up." " Well, what does he want when he has found yon ?" "Money," said the other ; " but that's not the worst of ib. He'li want to know what I'm doing, and, worse still, to have a band in ib." "Oh, Lord," said Joe, "and then I suppose that he'll blow the gaff." "No, to do Creasey justice, he's not that sort quite, but he is just aB bad. Out of hia own business he's the stupidest chap I know. Give him a centre-bit, a jemmy, a pair of golo3hes,*and a box of safety matches, and I believe he is clever, but for any thing that requires head work and combination he Is a hopeless dunder head. He has spollb three or four of the best things I ever planned, nob that he has 'rounded' intentionally ; he ha3 leb the cat out of the bag from sheer stu pidity." " But can't you give him money and beg him to go away for the present ?" " You don't know him," said Brent. "The obstinate old man claims to have a great liking for me. Go ! Nob he. He'd settle down close to us, break Into a house once a week justs to keep his hand In, and finally ' crack' the 'Dragon some night, just to'see what * his dear boy,' as he calls .me, Is abont." "Then what do you propose to do?" said Joe. "I told you the other day I wished I'd never gone with ib. I should have liked to back out of ib even then ; bnt now that we are making money so fast I own I should like to risk it a Hbble longer." "What we must do Is this," replied Brent, "as soon as Creasey makes his appearance-and appear he will, as sure as fate, though at present he neither knows my address or the name I'm going nnder-we must atop the concern, and I must make a clean bolb of It abroad." " Why abroad ?" enquired Joe Mercer. " Simply because that's the only place where I've a chance of shaking off Creasey. Foreign towns confuse him, and moreover the foreign police are lynx- eyed; Creasey Is never long on the Continent before he disappears into retirement." "And then ?" said Mercer. " It'll be time to think what then when I've Bhaken off my Incubus," and with these words Brent suddenly vanished down the passage in the direction of the ballroom. Joe Mercer had moBfc clearly ex pressed his feelings in his conversation with Brent. He had been very loth to go Jnto a business which he knew placed him within the trammels of the law. Hard bargains he had driven, and very cIo3e to the wind had he Bailed again and again in his dealings; some of his doings could by no means morally be condoned, although legally no man could interfere with him. At first he had sternly declined this affair as too risky, but Brent was a plausible man, and painted In glowing terms the enormous profits he had made by the same scheme two years before. "It burst up suddenly," concluded Brent, " and we all had to quit and travel at short notice, but we made a pile of money at the ffame while It lasted." This story oft repeated into J oe's avid ears, added to the suggestion that the Old Dragon Inn was the very place for their purpose, and on offer at a very low rent, at last ird need Mercer to embark on the speculation-for once his greed for gold got the better ot bis habitual prndence. And the landlord of the Dragon found hlmBelf the possessor of a thriving basU nesp, bat a business which brooka no in vestigation. 