A Reminiscence of the '67 Flood. TOLD DT " THE PEIBONEB." " Yeb may talk about yer narrer escapes,but t hod the closest shave or going aloft as ever I bad a couple o' year ago." The speaker was a bronzed, middle- aged individual, who, with a couple of others, were squatting around a fire near Lagoon Creek. The trio bad been rouscabouting at the Aramac, and having (strange as it may seem) kept their cheques whole were bent upon a spree at Kockliamp ton for Easter; but upon reaching " Lagoon Orick" found that watercourse a banker, so resolved to turn out ttao " noddies" and spell until the waters went down. They were ordinary bushmen, but the speaker wore a superior air to bis fellows; he bad been in the country many years-indeed since he was a youth ; he had been cent out to suw his wild oats and bad sowed them accordingly. 11c had gone through his patrimony, and gave promise of ending his career in gaol by " going through" drunks, cl lino grmt omnc. Anyway, after a career full of vicissitudes from droving to cooking for roueeubouls, from being the owner of a mine realizing a dozen ounccs to the ton to " cliuckcr-out" nnd barman for the bloated proprietor of the " Digger's Home," from mining reporter for the Slundie Age to a hawker of literature of immoral tendencies- all these varied occupa tions he had tried until towards the end of '8G he found himself on the borders, out patt Windorah, hungry and penniless. It was then he borrowed a " bit of a filly" hearing XV2 (reg. braud) off rump, PIT off neck, three Blocking feet, and a blaze down face. But NomeslB, in the persons of a constable and tracker was soon on his trail, and our friend-" Joe" lie was called by his mates found himself in the little log hut that did duty for a lockup at Windorab. But we will let " Jim" continue his Btory '" It bad been raining like II-, and when lb' 'copper' told me I bad to go to Blaekull to await me trial, 1 rcckoncd 1 bad a picnic in store. llut travelling wasn't so bail till we got to Lagoon Crick ; tli' town is bigger thnu it wor then, but nt that time buildings were going up all ruads. Gosh 1 what a stato o' muck th' roads wor In j up to yer knees. Th' lock-up wor a bit of u tent, and 1 was stuck there nearly n foiinlt ufurc a cuaeli wor goiu' to BluekaJI, 'cause tli'clicks wui' all up. lint one day, ubouL tli' middle of Jeiiuwnry, th' copper told uic Cobb \vni> puMiing thrciii(ili a coach next day ; (lie cricks were nearly down, and no lain Imd fallen for Uiree or four days nigh a week I lliitik ; but tlicrc wor a big lund uud lie vspected v.c would get stuck somewhere. Anyhow next morning, about 3 o'clock, (loudacrxj (Heaven rest bun, lic'n dead now, poor feller) roused nic up, and in a few minutes we were over at tli' coach just across th' road. By jove! ther' wor a fincciowd, I tell ycr. Wc wor packed like sardines; and.be gosh, it wor great fun to twig a young woman, by whose nidc 1 flopped meself, try to squeeze inter th1 corner *CAUSC I had the Queen'* bracelets on, I suppose, although I aint a bad- looking chap, who says it who shouldn't. They wcr' a grand crowd too, as I found out afore 1 got to Blacknll, and wcrnt above nxing a * soldier' to have a pull at th* whisky when nip time got round -which wor pcrty often when th1 t»Ugc lengthened out and no signs of tucker a-hcad. There were eleven and a-lmlf, as Johnny Burgess put it, and I'll sec if 1 remember 'cm. There were mo anil Goudacrc, a lawyer and his wife-oh, (and * Jim" burst out laughing which continued until his mates told him to "stow it") such a couple they wor; new chums, never bio in th1 bush afore, and by the Lord Harry bow Sub- Inspector Galbrailh (who was aboard), Tom Orchard (another passenger) and others did staff 'em. 1 was kept laughing all th* time, and I laugh now when I think on't. I'll tell ycr some of til* yarns one o' these days. There wor a youugstcr with 'cm, a regular young nipper. Tli is lawyer was called-lcm'mc see-Grey beard, Greyhcad, no Whitehead, and I believe he made a pile in Blackall. Then there wor a quiet printer cove, as wore spccks, they called him James-never beard his other name; and Jim Murdoch, who kept the "Barcoo"-you hare beard on him-lie married Magpie Fitzgerald; Hi' quiet young woman who tried to keep out o' me way, and two jackaroo chaps. That wor th' lot. Well we got on pretty snug ; going across th' plains we bad to get out now on'l ngin and pull th' blooming coach out of n hole, or clean the wheels, or tramp through slush; and be jove, th' lawyer chap worked as bard as any on'em ; be gut his bands all raw ; he said his hands reminded bim of th' time when be started palling on th' Cam at Cambridge (I mind pulling on th' same river). We got good hossBcsh else wo'd never a got through. From th' crick stage-Ilome Crick-to Jack Dash's th' roads wor pcrty diy, and oar 6cven nags went liketh'dcuce. We readied Jack's just at dark, and" "Had yer the darbies on all that time?" asked one of the auditors " No," says Jim, "Gooducre look 'cm off when wc got out of th' town. He said lie wasn't afraid of me running away, and be pointed to bis revolver pouch. Well, wc got to Dash's juct as it wor getting dark, and by cripes, wern't wc peckish. Nothiu' to cut since three o'clock that morning, 'Any rain anywhere,' says Johnny, as be throws th' reins to Dash; 1 Mot as I know on,' says Jack ; ' It looked a bit heavy yesterday out back, but wo baint had none here,' and he spoke true, for th' ground wns as diy" "As yer pitch," nays one of the trio, "Where's th' uorrcr cccspc coming in."-"Hold hard, mate, I'll be a-gcltiu' to it presently. Well th' ground was diy and bore as this wor afore tli' rain," waving his arms around, "butover Ulackall way there had been lots or il. Go ing into tuckcr Galbraith (he's a rcg'lnr gentleman) says : ' Do any ov you object to th' prisoner setting at tb' same table.' Of coursc nobody objected, and so I sat with tb' swells. Wc ate and ale for 'arf-an-hour; and grand tuckcr it wor too; by jove, I'll back Mrs. Dash to bake sconcs or dumper agin tli' Queen o' England. About half-past eight wc got aboad agin; tb' lamps now lit, and th' bosses were tip top-eight ov 'cm. Th' night had got dark, and wc couldn't see but a few yards from tb' coach, but Johnny could go th' road blindfolded, ile'd say ' There's a nasty little stump just here,' or * A bit of a Tut there,' and miss 'em every time. Th' passing light lit lip tli' silvery limbs and leaves of th' trees and bushes along th' road and they seemed to fly inter space like ghosts" " Quito pocticol," says one " Well, it did look curious like. I'm getting afore me sloiy. Two miles from Dash's is Douglas Ponds, a deep sort o' gully ; th' road inter it takes a nasty curve; along the bottom is a pile of stones to easo off th' soft bottom; big stones pitched down any road, and about 1G or 18 feet wide. Th' bank on t'other side is very steep, and a driver wants bis wits about bin to corkscrew bis way out of it. I remember th' place well -passed with a hawker's turnout one lime. Well, wc got through th' gate, and Ur. Gal braith sets up a song ; it went like this: Noah liullt a prcat big ark, One more river to cross; . He built it all of hickory bark, Ono more river to onus. Then all hands joined in tli' coalbox, and a Tine row it wor too: One more river, One moro river to Jordan; One more river* One more river to crow. There WOT about forty versos of this, and ever; time Galhraith came to 'One more river to CTOBS' wo gave it lip I tell yer I Well, we got near til' 1'ondB, and Johnny saw n little light ahead-somebody camping near th' crick. He said something about not many camping on tb' crick, as tbey generally go on to Dash's and camp close to tberc; and he then told a gent jn th' box with him to put th' brook dowi. bard when going down th slope. Th' trees lining th' banks were closo afore us, and we were just turning th' corner to make a dash down th' slope, when two men rushed out afore th' bosses and swung their arms tbont like a windmill; tb' mag stopped ucad, mi' th' men yelled out' Th' crick's up ; forty foet o' water.' There was n bit of a clear space on the left, and Johnny quickly turned bis mokes inter it, and then round a big tree inter th' road agin, a hundred yards higher up. We felt a bit skared I tell yer. Some of 'em got down end had s look at th' wator, which was running a dockcr; we could hoar th' roaring ov it from th' coach, The men said they crosscd about four o'clock, when lb' crick was just a swim, but their swags getting wet they reckoned they'd camp there that night instead o' pushing on. I guess if it hadn't been for the men we'd nil got drowned; we'd bo into th' currcut n'most as soon as our lump-lights struck th' water, and nothing could ha' stopped tli' coach from turning over and all tli' ilibidos would ha' been drounded like rats in a bole. We got back to Dash's, and by the Towers didn't Juhuny open out; Dash said there war no water in tb' crick in the morning. Well, we bad great fun ; we all camped in th' open, save th' ladies, but th' 'bkeeters wor a bit bad ; but with some funny yarns wo put in tli' time fust- rnte-I liked it immensely, although Goodncro fastened me to th' wbeil of th' coach with a big bullock-chain, so that if I cleared out I'd take tb' conch with mo, Next morning at daylight Dash wor down at the crick, and coming back he said th' water wor still a banker, but wor slackening. There wor plenty o' tucker so I didn't care : I'd just as iicf wait my trial at Dash's as in the lockup-especially if Mrs. Dash did tli' cooking. There wor no fear of n famine, lllagden lind camped llicro with a load of spuds and sich like, and there wor hunderdt, of goats and kiddies. At dinner time Dash snid as how the water wor going down fust, and then Johnny iiud n look, He come buck about two o'clock, nud CCVB lic'd try it. So we (started ngin. lty Jove I th' women folk wor awfully nkeneu going down the tlip 1'i'ry bnnk j the lenders slipped right down as if they wor skating, and when we got in tir middle on th' stones we stuck. 'J'h' water cniue iulcr tli' couch, which seemed to be going over, and tliu horses wor washed out, the middle of the team loukiug us it they wor guing down Mreuui. Johnny cracked up his whip, tli' throe fellers on th' box yelled out, and A ivor made tip the bank. Oncc wc clipped right back inter tli* water, the bosses couldn't find foot bold, but at Inst wc got up nil right, and bad a spell while Johnny pulled out a plug and let th' wnler out of tir bottom of tlic coach. W'u got on all right after that; lb' road wor ft bit 6oft iu placcfl. but wij got inter town about seven o'clock, jnst as tli' people wor going to sen' out a parly, thinking there wor a axident or somethink up, 'cause there wor a telegram to say the coach started all right. 1 think that's nil; only there wor no bill agin mc and 1 got let out after getting free tucker and nothing ler do lor three months. Well, mates, I think it is time to turn in ; we'll cross th1 crick by th! sleepers in th' morning." And in a few minutes all was still. 