Another Byrnes' Memorial Maxob of prominence has been In our town is quickly soon For where'er the stranger turns Stares inscription ' C. J. Byrnes,' Various dates and short word 'Mayor Also shew he long held chair. Town Hall. Fountains, Shops and Baths Springing up in many paths, Till tho wondering stranger yearns Toknowmoro of C. J. Byrnes. Perhaps the ignorant stranger, too, Thinks the Australian black in view On both Baths and Town Hall front, With poised spear, on fishing hunt, Is artistic bas relief ,«,.-. Of ' Byrnes Mayor,' the there named Chiet. All in Parramatta know Well enough thin is not so, And that this bare blackmail's charms, Form, tho' naked, coat of arms. Wo too know that C. J. Byrnes Still in flesh our eye discerns, And aro glad that still he's here Nor need yet in cast appear, Tho' just now he's on tho shelf Whereon he late placed himself. For he who so long was Mayor Lato resigned our civic chair, And to some it's wonder been, Since he's there no longer seen, That the town still runs its way E'en without its Byrnes C. J. For his aldermanie seat He too left on his retreat Doubtless though in midnight dreams He still Mayor of Borough seems, And his pillow be disturbed By some alderman uncurbed Yet since perfect men are rare (Who for neighbours, such could bear Y) Most who know admit that he, Whose name so oft around 'we see, Mayor of tliis historic Borough, Worthy Mayor was, good and thorough, Able both to think and act, With fair share of needed tact. He could well his views express, Caring not who'd curso or bless. With at times unruly crew Seldom failing to subdue. And tho' some oft bucked or pranced Business under him advanced, Faster 'neath his -whip it seems Than with gentler handling Beames. In all knowledge municipal Few could Byrnes uapet or cripple, Nor leaned hard on Town Clerk's crutch, As' mayors are apt (elsewhere) too much : Till it's questioned ' who is mayor ? Clerk or he who's propped in chair ? ' ' Yet ' Byrnes Mayor,' whom few could move, Oft was driven round by Love (For Cupid's our town overseer, And buggy drives ! it does seem queer ! Perhaps its because Love's older grown Than fair young God in pictures shewn : He, too, wears clothes instead of wings, Nor shoots from bow Love's pleasant strings. Well may some poets mournful say Wo live' in a prosaic day). But Byrnes to phew I fain would strive, Nor from this aim won't let Love drive. Well, e'en this Mayor could sometimes bo Self willed to an unwise degree. Thus when last December flood Made town water impure mud, He ignored his townsmen's cry That pure water they'd supply, Stating with his lofty air It was ' really very fair.' Some who could but fear and chafe Say ho felt from fever safe, Feeling suro that Hunt's Creek mud No' or could mix with his blue blood. But proceeding, soon come day Town should choose its M.L. A. (Honor that some years ago, Byrnes did for short period know.) So once more ho sought town vote, Pulling in Protection's boat : But on Parramatta' s course Protectionists may shout till hoarse, Yet their man can't got in first, And Mayor Byrnes came off the worst. In the chase ho pulled brave blade, Yet when o'er ho seemed unmade, ' And resigned each public post, Leaving but his portrait ghost, Which in Council room still hangs, ' Wondering as it hours harangues That if he still sat as Mayor Aldermen, would seldom dare. ? So favorite speech of his no more Falls on his ears as oft of yore — ' As townsman borri he camo with pride Its Mayor o'er mooting to preside.' Yet from his post to thus tako \ying In seeming scot was not the thing ; And more so as town cash to spend From recent loans had come to end ; And town has now a big debt to face Incurred of lato with airy grace, Tho' our roads and footpaths arc Better for it now by far, Stin- whilst 'C. J. Byrnos' and ' Mayor ' Wo read with now familiar stare, Some townsmen say that they'll bo bound, Of all momorials of him found, Most weighty one (whereat some laughed) Will prove the gown's bank overdraft. As monument like this none rear To tho groat bard of Scotia dear, So Australia now discerns Ours is now the greatest Byrnes. And tho' spelt in different ways Two (Byrnos — Burns) now shall have world's praise. Parramattn, July, 1880. 