ME. AND MES. BOWSER By Mrs. Bowser. (detroit fees pre3s). At 3 o'clock the other afternoon I accident ally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulking about the back yard. He had acted very restless at dinner-time, and I at once felt that some thing was wrong. A caller came and I "could not get out to the bam for half an hour, and then it was too late. A horse stood'ih, the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. " Have you— you ," I gasped. " Have I what ?" "Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures ?" ' Dreadful failures ! I bought one horse and he objected to tho neighbourhood. The other liked the neighbourhood, but you objected to his colour." "Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled." " Swindled ! I get swindled on a horse ! Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle mo on ahorse has yet to be bom ! I know 'em from ears to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. We need a horse. Here was a chance for a great bargain, and I improved it." " I'm so — so sorry !" " That's just like you, but I can't help it. I don't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my shouHer._ I bought that animal for 200dol., and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300dol. I wouldn't take 400dol. for him as he stands there." I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed mo into the house, and said : "Just wait a week, and if ho doesn't turn out all right 111 sell him for the 300dol. and give yon the extra lOOdol." Nothing fuither was said until tho next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, bran-mashes, toe-weights, quarter-boots, hand- holders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to mo that he ordered about oOdol. worth of those tilings. Twice iu the night ho got ud and raised the hack window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the ham with the first beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced ' "Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigli-ride after breakfast." " You don't mean it !" " But I do. Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that -will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow:" He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and hells, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make our start from the barn, and when I got out there I found a lengthy, raw-honed, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears, and. anxious to be off. " He looks dangerous," I said, after watch ing him a minute. " So dees a stuffed lion, but he isn't. How ever, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go." "Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him your self." J > "W— what! Afraid of him, or any other hoTSC living! You can't go with mo, Mrs. Bowser! Go right into the house!" I held the horse-while he shut the barfl doaf, j and I sized tho animal up as a vicious brute, I fully expected a calamity of some sort, hut I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but lie glared at me and replied : "Have you gone clean daft? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive liim. "Whoa, Claudius ! Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. _ He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet, and seemed to have struck a circus. " Is this a blooded liorso ?" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. "Certainly. He's a Fearnaught." " Then ho doesn't fear us, does he ? And do Fearnaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off ?" " Keep still 1 Go on, Claudius !" Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dash board of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let tho baby drive. Just then tho beast started. Ho started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave mo the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start tho horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions : "Ho was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" " He's running away !" shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. "But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace !" Whatever else could be said against the horse lie was a runner. Ho had a contract to draw us at tho rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How wo managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, hut it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mi. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. Tho brute stopped after a two-mile dasb, and when I brought him up to the curbstone a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser put and givo him a swal low of cordial to brace him up. "I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught mo," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. " Rats !" called half a dozen voices. " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that!" "Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute !" "Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse!" Mr. Bowserand I went homo on the car. Wo didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much than, hut Mr. Bowser turned on mo with : "Now, then, explain your conduct 1" "What?" " In snatching thoBe lines out o! my hand and trying to make a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limit to all things. You have reached that limit ! I may not he home again this week!" . But ho was. Indeed, ho has been very humble ever since. He got rid of tho horse next day, gave me money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that we don't refer to the past. 