llok'civt t. The Ghost of Oak Crag. Y LSTIIEIt SERLE lKE. TIf. (Coincfuled.) For a moment aie thought it some wandering vagabond who had oi:,hiit hhheer thern. Then she eught heth i of ?hand, white amd 'dioptly, Latgint erre!* :"'li cithe aidel of the lnchi, 7 shte iea ti-tuken:. At tcidei what tl. do. Theo :r thoucht sle Went fir. t. t i.satr';:e figure. o H Wy are you here" :: eard her stew, and as eaking, hlie looked up, :e z:.iclh seemed familiar to ...uoh she did not recognise it. It a, a tdirk, bearded, handsome face, mrw pael and haggard. The tigure was sieroud in a eloak, but the dress about he breat seeacmed rerr much disordered, and she calght a glimpse of bloody L~n t:. Are aou hurt T' she asked. Ile did not asnswer for a moment, or tetm': to rie, but Inv looking at her aio I rs mournful, hollow eyes. Sirha nre you '?" le said at last. "I an Esa:n Lamar. I lire here. If re are lurl. come into the house, and it -tdo what I can for you." It r ained himself on his cibow, feebly _ahrrinl the cloak over his breast. I don't know whether I am going to Sc .r vot," lie said. " I'm sick, and l've a cut here in att beast. If I could be .k" n care of, I might lire;: but I think ushaIly worth while. £o, I think 1 i ie here," he added, sinking down on 'eat main. I:mn:a thou lht he was dcliriouas. She . nearer and looked down into his fre. as hle nlay with closed eyes, and a idden, swilt discovery came to her. It uas t me man they had found apparently d;ri, iii the northwest chamber. - He it outs his hand as he suddenly opened i eyes and saw lher bending above ii] tell you who I am," he said, "that you maibury me in the family rion 'roued-Hicik Meadows, Major lteado:e. tee lore," with a failnt, .r "i', shoring his officer's dress. t let e alone now, if you please. ik I be comfortably dead by morn Su must not sotay here! " exclaimed em .a, with sudden, swift energy. "You Sil freeze to death. Rouse up, I beg ; tr to walk. You must go into the Her energy seemed to rouse him. " Who is there "T' he asked. SNo one; will you come 1' 'Shall I see no one 9 I don't want to meet anyone." " You will not" lie hlsitated a moment, looking up to the house. Then he got upon his feet-a tall, hazard igure-and took the arm Emma sive him. "You'reverylgood," he muttered, as 1' axSed tine threshold, and suddenly fell sensellss upon the floor. Site never knew how she gut him into her room, and upon the bed. When asked, afterward, she said: Sbelierve lie was heavy, but I did not thinik that then." An instinct of protection for this deso late marn had suddenly seized upon her; and. with the earnestness of one to ihom few passions came, she forgot eVerytluin, in her absorbing efforts for hi restoration. That he was emaciated, "sii from suffering, she discovered and that hlie had a deep cut in the breast, "hich, clotted with gore, no longer bled. lis swoon was frightfully long, but, when hlie could speak, she gave him food and wine, judging rightly that hlie was n need of nourishntent. As soon as lie revived, he said: " Don't let any one know I'm here. I'11 tellyou about myself to-morrow. Thank you for your kindness ; I think I'll go to dleep now." Then with a long sigh he closed his eyes and fell asleep as lightly as a 1 child. Hearing her brother coming, Emina hastily left theo room and closed the door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a t chair, and said :. 1 "flurry up supper, Em; I have got 1 to go to town to-night." 1 1Io evidently expected that she would expostulate, and was surprised at her t silence; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, he took himselfoff. She went black to her room. The stranger was awake, end put out his hand. S o Gmo here, please. Tell me whose voice I heard." " My brother's." " What is his name l" "Westerly Lamar." " Is he young, broad-shouldered, low- 1 browed, dark 1" u yen." "I thought I knew the voice," lie said. 1 "I'm so tired '" Ife spoke with a weariness that was I not all weariiness of the body. " Can you tell me about yourself now 1" " There is no necd; yet I trust you,' if you like to hear a disagreeable story. I'm t a bad felluowr-nota man fora girl likeyou to pity and help; yet I thanlk you all the t more for what you have done for me. Do you remember me as Rick Meadows 1' SYou Cwere probably a child when 1 I went away from here, a boy. My father I died, and I went into the army. I got a taint there which made nme moro wild and reckless thanl I was naturally. I learned to driink and gamble. When the war was over I came back to the city where I was b rn, but I hd no ome, no restraining influence for a tirlbulent iature andi lose habits; and fur years my life was a whirl of adventures and dangers. There were times when I grew heart-sick with myself, for I ant not naturally a brute; but I pent mIy youth wautefully, asd middle life foulnd me wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immersed int various dilfficulties. Among other tlhings I was in debt; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All this must sound to you entirely base and without excuse. In one sense it was so. One day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my conscience-for the man was poorI and needed the money-I forged my brotlher's name to a niote, satisfying mIy self with the thought that I would re deem the nioto before it was dueo, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But bcfore the note was due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. I was not recovered until a few weeks of the pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered me quite frantic. " I hal nanduoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luck would release me from my difficulties. I was nut fortuhate : the moro I played the mere I hast :fil, utterly penniless, with a fnl'ns fat. Ftaring me in the face, I Sre-:rted t1 a deceptiUIon I ihad learned Swhles in the raiy. Iplayed with your brrither. Wia li his money, when lihe saapaeteod me, and, in a passion, sought my life. I escaped in the crowd which the excitement called up, and, passing a Sdepot, flung myself into the cars, only Sdesirsous of leaving the city. But I found that I was ent route fur Lennox, and re solved to hide myself here until I kne 1 what better to do. Tho nightl before list I camne here, swung myself on the grape vine trellis to the porch window, which was unfastened, . let nmyself into the house, and wandered aboutnever dream ing there was anyone here. I could not saleep, and, artar pacing the floor for a while, I came down into the garden. This room nmy old nurse used to sleep in, and soame sorroawful memor3y led me to the window. I was astonished to see you, and, finding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I wandered around the village all day, unrecognised by the people who used to know me well. At night I took a fancy to come back to the Crag, believing that I should ment no Sone so late; but, as soon as I shut myself in the close room, a spasm of suflocatsing pain seized me, and, with the instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes reimained closed, I was conscious of your entering t the room, and of all that passed in my presence. When your brdther drew that keen blade down my breast I was pain i fully aware of it, yet could make no signi Suntil the blood suddenly started. lie had left the room.- Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let Ir myself down from the window, closing it behind me in mry excitement and sickly Sterror, fearing pursuit. I staggereddown the garden path, and fell fainting upon the seat of the summer-house where you found nme. I had lain there all day. To I Ighht I should have died if you had not Sbeen so good a frioend. And yet death would have been a better friend, Miss Lanmar. You cannot concieve of my utter wretchedness and undesire to live." "D But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeem yourself-" - "I cannot. A felon's cell is my only prospect in life ? " Mow much money is required to meet the note's demand ?" I i Five hundred dollars." It was more money thtan Emma Lamar Shad ever pdossesacd in her whole life; yct r she sat silent, trying to think- how it could tue gained. i Major Meadows lay looking in surprise I at the grave beauty of her quiet face. '"Tell me truly, shall I trust you 1" she a said at last. " In what manner 1" " If I get this money for you, will you t return it at a given timie 1" " I will." " I must borrow it, giving my good ;sname as security. If I do this, will you a return it in one year ?" t " Iwill." r She looked steidily into his face. It was set in earnest meaning, and she i believed him. ** I trust youi. I will get the inoiey to night. Aud, Major Mfealows, I do it as mulcl to muske yaU trust uuarcelf as to reldire your present distress. If you can i returut the uisouuey honorably at tie end i of the -ear, yei will have a capital of IsouCasty, perseniraice, ian virtue withi which' to comnitcn e a better future. lie 11 ron understain d 1 k " i du; anl so help iou, spirit of iiuy a mothcr, I will not disappoint your trust, Mias Lasar." "Then I must leave you alone for an hour. 'You are quite comfortable 7" S" Yo?." The bravo girl wrapped herself in a cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although the ovillage clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housed for the night. She wont into the heart of the village, but in less than an hour was making liher way swiftly back. She came into the room so quietly that-when she returned Major Meadows was startled. She placed the notes before him and counted them over. " I aven bless you I" he exclaimed. 1 " When is this money due 1'" "iTomorrow." " Then you must takeo the night train; yet you are hardly able." . " I can go very well now, my heart is so stout," he said. She brought him fresh linen from her brotlher's wardrobo, and necessary toilet articles; and then she left him. In an hour lie came out, looking like a differncit luan. "It is half-past ten. You have but Ihalf-an- hour before car time," she said. "Do you know how I wish you were my sister ?" he said, looking down at her. "I wish my brother know how good a sister I try to be," she said, her eyes filling quickly. "'Major Meadows, you are moroe than welcome to what I have done for you, if yot will only keep your promise." "You shall see how I will keep ,it. You will Ibe here at the end of a year ?" "I shall be in town. The old clergy-t mlan at the parsonage will know where I am." " Good-bye. I cannot thank you." " God help you! Good-byo." And lie strode away from the door in the numonlight The next day it was like a. dream to Elunmua Lamar. Only in hler heart there seemed a fresh chord alive. They wenlt back to the cottage, for Westecrly still conltinued the practico of visiting thle city at night. HI grow very 1 dissipated, and, when sile expostulated with him, hlie flewr into so violent a passion as to alence lher. In her hopelessness sile allowed herself somellltlimes to think, "If Major Meadows does well, and lives to come back, l think he will be my friend." She was awaro that she did not see himi as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother ill the place would be shocked at the idea of liher daughter re arding such a lman as Major lceadows with friendly in terest. Sielo only realised thllat he was some one with wholm she was in sympathy, and that lie had wished she was hlis sister. Friendicess girls hlave innoclntly done far worse than this. The spring and sumnmer passed. All tihe neighborhood realised that Emma Lansr had a great trial with iher brother. 1 He was noticoeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threaitened to disclhargo him from his class. Io would be in the city away from his studies weeks at a time. In tihe fall he .was publicly expelled from the institute, the professor declining to excuse hlis conduct longer,- and he im mediately disappeared from the town. Everybody pitied Emma Laiaar; but she could hardly look any paler or. mllore distressed than she had done for a year past She had also anotlher anxiety. It. I was Novomber, and the money she had borrows.i4 was due. It terrified her to-. tlhink of its failure; yet she seldom tlhoughlt of that. Sielo had an instinctiove trust that Major Meadows would not break his Ipromise. One night there was a terrible storm; She eat alone at her.work, whcn there came a sound of heavy footsteps, and hler brother burst intothle room. "Oh, Emma, save me I" Ite cried. " Westerly, what is it ?" shite ex:Iaimed, I starting up. " I have broken into the Merchant's I Baink, and the officers are after me." Emma Lamar sank down in despair. "OOh, for a friend!" she cried. There came a knock at tihe door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im- 1 nmediately recognise, entered. Tilhe next momeont se hoknow it sas MajorM Ialows. "Miss Lmear!" lie said. "Oh, Major lMeadows, tell mc-tell me what to do for my brother!" exclainel I Eamna, turning to him with a lmanner which betrayed her faith in him; and, indeed, lie looked worthy of it-helalthfiul, composed, happy. "Tell mie what is the matter." " My brother is to be arrested. He has broken a bank." It. was quite a grace matter. The oficrsacamte to the cottage amid arrested Westerly Lamlar; but the following day 3Major Meadows became bail for him, and he was releaced.- Tlhrough the major's interccasions he was finally acquitted, for he had been only neccssiry to the crime. But lie had receivedl a thorough check in his reckless career, and promising lhis friendIs lie would do better, lie went to California, where lie turned his attention to business and did well. Major Meadows 1had succeeded to his brother's property, and was a wealthy mas ; but the five hundred dollars that he r. turned to Emma Lamar he Ihlad earned every cent. by the labor of his hlands. He hid acquired regular habits and regaisned hiis self-respect;and when lIe asked Emima Lnamar to be his wife, shte was not ashamed to say that she loved him. Theo ld eadowshouseuiwasrefurnished, and tlmrowmn opeis. A happy family gathered in it, and rosy chiildrena ilised in the garden. They little dreaiied htow near to death their bcloved father had once comeliil that old place. 