The Ipp; Proplecj .' V OJl, HEflt OF STRATBSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XIX. THE COUNTESS RETURNS. . The sun had drooped out of sight and: the dusky mantle of twilight linng over the Alpine summits, before the Countess of Strathspey returned to the spot where Colonel Verney awaited heri The officer was smoking fiercely and growing deapefatoly impatient, yet his sphinx-like face was cool and smiling and his manner the very perfection of thorough bred politeness. He gave the lady one keen glance as she approached him, and' made up his mind that Bhe hoA not seen her. husband, and knew nothing of his having fallowed her; and he concluded .not to enlighten her,but to get her on the homeward route and leave her to settle it with the earl as beBt she could;' - ' ' - ' He sighed, and his eyes softened as lie looked down ? on hor fragile, child- like beauty. I How ho had loved her once I '. And now she had not the power to stir his heart, save with a brother's tender e was thoroughly in love with his brilliant fiancee, MLob Julia Beroaford, independent, of her ton., thousand a year. ' LordSt'rathspey wa« a fool, if he .had only been, wise enough to know it. Lady Strathspey's face was flushed and eager, aqa aha clutoheda little package in both hands, as if it were an invaluable 'treasure. ; ' V"' /; , " "Well; Lady* Strathspey," Baifl' tlio. colonel, as lie handed hor: into the vehiole, " I trust you havo mofc with suc cess." ->'? . '? "The ohild is mine, Colonel Verney," she replied solemnly/ " he has the Strathspey birthmark on his rightarm he 1b my child, my babe, that,was stolen from me." .. " I have 'no donbt of - it, madam, but I'm afraid you'll find it difficult bo prove, it," replied the colonel'; " the other boy, you say, has tho birth- mark, too')" "Yes, he has! Poor little boy, I am very fond of him, and ho shall always be as my own," she said, with emotion; " bub my. own boy, in the yalloy yonder, Lord Strathspey's true, son,.shall be the hair."' ' - ? . . ' ? " Butj my^ dear lady," continued.tho colonel) as they "apedalorigthrough the deepening twilight^ " how do you' pur poae bringing, this about ? Have you. ouffioie'nt' proofB to convince your hus band, and establish the child's claims ??" " I havo the child's clothes." Bhe said, olasping the little paokago to-hor boaom, " tho same hgt had on. when they found him under the milch-goat. Only a plain olip and a quilted flannpl. cloak, but I thought I would take them." " I hope you'll oucoeedf but really it looks .very doubtful,'' responded tho praotioal colonel. ; " I know it does; but heaven will help rae, Cblonel Verney. Ho sent me to my ohild, and 1 shall look to Providence for help and direction. I nover will abandon my purposo, novor while I have life and reason'. My boy shall be his father's heir, if it coata mo my life and happi ness." Her pale face glowed in the twilight, with the light of inspiration and death less determination. Oolonel Verney regarded her with ad miring wondor. "1 bog your pardon,Lady Strathspey," ho said at Inst; " but I am older than you and wiser in experience ; allow me to advise you to tell your husband every thing a3 ooori as ycu meet him ; conceal ment botweon man and wife is like play ing with edged tools." [ " Yea," she responded;; " but t wajitto spare my dear husband all the anxiety i and suspense 1 can. As aopn as l ean aee I my way clear " _ '' ' . '. l. j "But you may cause hini far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself,^ iti the meantime," interrupted the officer; he may misconstrue your motives and actions." ' She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in the gluom. . "Misconstrue my actions? What do you mean, Colonel Verney ? My husband doea not mistrust mo, would not, under any circumstances. How dare you in sinuate such an impossibility i" "Ibeg your pardon* you will see one day thatTl am right, and have your wel fare at heart. And now, are we to iind lodgings for the night, or. to atari; on our journey at once ?" "On, atart at once by all maims, cried the countess; we have not a mo ment to lose. I must got home before my husband returns from London." \ " Poor thing," sighed the colonel; ' ic will be a cruel blovf 1" . . They proceeded atones into ErflncQj and, having seen her ladyship' safely -on board the Dover steamer, Colonel Verney wont on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in his inmost hoart that his friend had been at the antipodos before he sent the message that caused him to atart on such an ill-starred journey. The countess reached Sevenoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found .her household all in good order, and her guests, making themselves comfortablo. Shefelt intensely thankful 1 and oc cupied the following day in making^ a con cise statement concerning the child she believed to be lier own, to be put in th.0 hands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. ' ; . j;-,- ....... She was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. , . Pondering over Colonel "Verney's ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her hus band everything, and if possible to, enlist his sympathies and co- operation;" But her husband -did not return 1 A week went. by ! Another followed, and still be was absent. The shooting season was famous, but the earl's friends began to think that their host "was treating them rather shabbily, and one by one took their flight. .: ; The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con sternatinn she learned that the earl had not been seen, , . _ , _ She telegraphed . a seoond time, to his club address, and to his sister, Lady iNevill, with no better success. It was evident that the earl had not been in London. '! '. The poor wife's anxiety knew no bounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for the husband she loved so well, and was just on the point of starting for London herself to . learn what had become of him, when he, all at once, made his appearance. Judith met him in the hall, on hia first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No grove-yard ghost over looked xuore ghastly. Recovering her wits in an instant, and divining that something terrible had be fallen him, she fled like the wind to her lady's chamber. The countess was read ing, or making a;pretence to . do so, but she looked up as Judith oiatdred. " Well, what is it ?" she questioned, seeing in the girl's face that she brought some intelligence. " My lady, Lord Strathspey has come." . . '"Y The countess sprang to her feet. " Oh, thank Heaven I" sho cried, "where is he? Where is my darling husband?" She was about to rush out in search of Ijim in her joy, but Judith caught at her arm. s ' . : ?*' "One moment, my lady," she im plored, "I think my lord is ill-or-or -something has happened-do hot go just yet." , ;; -But the anxious wife shook her off. "Is he ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, let me go to him." She freed-herself from the girl's , de taining hands, and turned towards the door again, and there, faae to face; she met hpr husband. . - * ?. . 