tCravellcy. I Japanese Superstitions. The household superstitions of Japan aro very numerous. Thoy are harmless ; often exciting laughter; yet so cntrenched aro tboy in the household that religion, argument, even ridioule can not destroy them. Somo ot these superstitions have a moral or educa tional purpose, inculcating lessonB of behovo lence, neatness and habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately alter the departure ot tbo inmate for tear of sweeping out the luoK, At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any elothing of a purple oolor lest their marriage be Boon dissolved, purple being a oolor mest liable to fade. . If tbe cup of medicine is up set by acoideht during tho iOnesH of a person it ia a sure sign of recovery. This looks aB if the Japanese had faith in our proverb, ' Throw physio to the dogs.' There are somo curious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be out before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the per son at bis destination, Neither should they be out at night, lest oat's claws should grow out. Children who throw the paring of the nails into tho fire are in danger of Borne great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while outting the person will soon die. , I The howling ot a dog portends death. - It | a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mod ; if over a razor it will beoomo dull ; if over a whetstono it .will break. 'If a man should Bot his hair on fire ho will go mad. Children are toid if they tell, a lie. an oni (imp) will pull out their tongues'. The wholesoipe terror of tho oni, Btanding ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. , Tho Japanese have a horror ot tho dark ness ; thoy always keep a light burning to word oil ghosts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decidos the fate of the junkman. If. a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon tho ghost, he noes it to bail water enough to Bwamp the junk, iJbut if the bottom can bo knooked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last ease the aet must be accompanird by an in oantation, or the ghost turns into a soa oappa— -a many-clawed monster — who will dr ag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentlo, sensitivo raoe, very _mnoh under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a soriouB matter, often one of life or death. Disap pointment in lovo or desertion frequently .ends in suicide. Sometimes the. girl becomes an avenger and implores the gods to curoo or visit with death tho destroyer of her peaoe. The passions which thrill and tcrment the human . soul aro as intense in far-away Japan as in those lands which boast a higher civilisation. 