DIANA, >--« ; She was as straight as an Indian arrow, largc4Unhud and tail, with that peculiar wliitii sUln which doc3 not tan nor. grow aa'.low. Tho Hist Diaua was not more pro portioned than was this one, A combination of maseulino strength and feminine beauty -not' feminine cno.igh ro be wholly woman, nor masculine enough bo be wholly man. llordrosi was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a lean's black coat protected her slidtildcro ; a pettieoatof thick, dark stuff hid tho rust of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. *. ftho rode a.huge black stallion, a creature aa splendid and (lory and scornful as the scornful, liery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in thedilating nostrils, upflinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close.kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one bcaafc and one luimnn. film was Diana; the horac'a name was Hatan.' Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of t hem. Diana pulled the. rein and S;>tan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They .looked like a cbony-statiicd Centaur, Before them the sun was setting- Bilking, Bliding down a little and a little into the futhermoat edge of tho plain. So su .*$/ and red and ho cloaa to tho dead grass it Rcemed it must set ft ntlro. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras rraehjd up to tho clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, ami glowed, and burned in the red .aun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed ptruck by some sudden transforming force of. nature, and each single /drop of water chanced to diamond. . Tt>e ibuny ('entftur let its foot slowly fo tho ground'; it took off Hg sloughed hat, ita four/eyes looked gtrftlgUfclnto tUO >veat, ? / >»»».K-J -1 A lizard scampered away, rustling the vnfiMr°ia- 'fcs 8ca,y it;88> a squirrel innir 1 W1? 8 'n the ground, and ft in wi PauBcd in its gallop, reared up on its haunchea, with eyea standing inqtiir» nfrn/imeek' sllrPrise(i oyea stared as straight at the Centaur us those of the Ceu tAurstared Into the west, f.f ol; otbersig^of animated existence on habfid thorn?0 might lmve beenftlItliat ,n-" Lower fiUnk the aqu, higher, and wider, and deeper.tinted spread its glow ; the glory m tlys west and tlin gray in tho east touched edgfsat the zenith. i ovor tho dimple-glittered, glisten ik^iamond-bosomed lake the armies o£ the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and cnmsoii and opal and gold, that rose and Wf7 ftild toppled over into a amoko glrtbed amber ocean, _ Tho halo of the sky slipped down to the eartb and spread over the hot ground and tbo brown dead clover. It crept to the fuet ot the. Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into tho face of the woman', i be scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the H m 8 mn90l1l'ne force softened out of * *. .° mcjot ^,e of a dead day camo out tho glow of a dead heart, It touched i|Cv,4CjeSi 'ta essence of soul, and lighted her features with tho pureneiis of the virtue that has chastened itself in the tra n s figuredrnflC6 °f S'U' The CuntRur waa A broad-branched oak-the only tree for miles around-stood near; a man, followed oy a sheep-dog,stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen, He wa3 sunburned, and unshorn, and roughly car mental. Xboro w», "a odd ffilng of the muscles about his mouth, and aa 6 wtclica the process of transformation n the woman's face, its spirit leaped into Ms own, r Without any conscious , volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diana.*' ' Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did sho hear? She touched the rein and Satnu bounded forward, tho ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, deliant creature, bating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. lue man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking au opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his eaia as he approached tho door of the enigmati* cal construction burlesqued with the name of '. House,"*» " See, Hi 11, will ye, looks like bo was walk in homo in the shadder of bfi coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep," i he man, to whom tho words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyea and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than tho other: "Don t juke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of-bis bad ways, I wouldn't won der if had seen that woman again, Its enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him tho way be Jooka after he's seen her,1 dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fnntasraagory a ba'ntia* me. " Stop-he'll hear you," The ono who spoke last got up and walked out at tho back door to stop tho talk of the other, "Well, I'll be gollcd; if I was aa thin skinned about other pcople'a feelin'a as some people, 1 d get mo a patent outside," uiut tercd Brassy, The cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile in the yard, took out his nocketknifa and com menced whittling. "Shore sign,'' growled Brassy, looking out as ho passed back and forth, cookin^ supperj " alluz whittles when lie's got 'em. .11 urn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for-bein' cuticulnroiisly tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them line-haiied feci in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with tho brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? friiy. Biil, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen aghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling.' "Yes, I've seen a .ghost. Supper ready I" 1 '?No, but I've got her on a-bllinV cheerily answered Urassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely havo re jected the mathematics of tbesolilonuy whioh he indulged in, " Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a bard tiling to cipher out. Now, tliers Hill and D.iinty, my partners, nary ono of which ever recollected that grub hez to bo cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeel tho symptoms of approach in meal time, But which ever aide you git on; grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin' it versus a unKiiown quality which is grub, I liud by those linger in' that grub is the syntax of life, an'the result of the calkeriation is Urassy he* to cook it," Brassy had to talk. If he had not anvono else to talk to ho talked to bitmelf. Tbey Were a diversilk'd three" that sat down to the rough plno tr.blo which Brassy Bprcad with a flourish against the wall, Moody, , reserved Hill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristenod thus by by Brassy because of his slightncsa of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres Bible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy who talked when he should have said uoth' log, and said nothing when he should have talked, and alwiye hit in the wrong p'aee. A© oddly assorted partnership that kept its bkating thousands oil tnat territory of ran^e whoso boundary line was marked by its vast lonesjoanness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the o»v), and the rattle snake dweit peacefully in the earns abode, even these thiee might har monise. The moon was full, and the men.sat out side of tho cabin, two of them taking their after-supper amoko. Tae mysterious calm of tho breeze less night had put upon them its Bpell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on asmall piece of stovc- wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween hia thumb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from bis mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the nm of hia hat, " Bill," said ho, » you ought to amoko; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' ouve a bean o' good atove-wood." Bill's only notice of tho remark wa3 to sbifc cnis of the stick and whittle vigor ously, Dainty l/i.jvcd uneasilv and gave Brassy a warning glance j but no warning glance over could catch Brassy's uniluratand ing. He always maintained it was against lus principles to take hints. ." yoSfaniokiu' ia the most oontinuoua^om fortm amusement I know of ,. notbin' like It to put a man in good uperrits, onless it'a puttin good aperries in a man; an' atovo wood in this country is mighty bard to goi. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to umokin'. It's i palaces, au' diamonds, an* 'ltabian ateed9 to i tho pore man. Course they got up in smoke, j but they ro his while, they're goin', If you're hungry, it's A aort of aoothment to the place I fc« Aohln' for "victuals, if you're alone in a OowIIb' wilderness it's wife, children, and 1 I friends-they go up in smoke, too, Unt you have 'eni while they're goin'; an it keeps tho female sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome bache* lor." / He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Dill, Dainty puckered his brows into a mosfc speaking frown and asked, " ]3i'ft89y, do you kuow why you nro not like my old iiinte?" " Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife abuts up ; sometimes. Yes, there's moat always S'OIHB; difference between (people and old knives j now, there's Dill " . ; Dainty jumped up and throw away bis ^ cigarette. : .'Boys," aaid he, "let's take the dogs over, to the liver and tree a wild cat." Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately, "ltight, me lord, I'm yourd wht(i it's wild cats you talk, An' if Dill wants to go, tbo triumvirate's agreed ; if ho don't ' lie may sigh to tho winds, to the God dess Diana, But bis days they will end on-tbo.Jale* of Sc. Helena.'" Ho sang the lines of tho oldrfasliionccV long-out-of-datc song in a most unmusical' voice, and it might have been the melody that made Dill start so suddenly that ho overturned the stool on which he sat; it might have been tho moonlight that mado him pale, Dainty hastened to interpose,, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He could not bava told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Dill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. Ho did not care for wild eat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scaro up " varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses, Beside, thoie were few diversions to break the monotony of thcshecp-herdera'existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of abeep-berd« ing, "It takes but three months to turn the strongest biain," The saying had a good foundation, raoro especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with tho attrl* butca of divinity, Bet down on those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep- sheep are always bleating; day after day to see tho sun rise, red aud sultry, to ahine all day through a cloudless, changeless Bky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. Tp hear, night after night, the west wind always the west wind-blowing its dreary muaio, and the howl of the prowling coyote, right after night tho same sounds, clay after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned«toad-always follow* ing round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep Tho moon was high up in tho sky when they reached the timber of tho river, which was about three miles from the'" camp. < " Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night; I feel lilco something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as wo can. "Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is te»o close to the atmosphere. What you e'poso could happen 1 Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fingered Jack's a Iuxuriatin' in-tho shaddera of iho underbrush, ^ceuted our money-pocket* an' layin fur us, as it were ?" Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be ,killed, much to Brassy's du* gust. Tired out, they started home, ? . .' Listen, don,t you hear u curious sound aaid Dainty, ' All of them stopped and listened, but only for a moment. - i " Merciful tfod 1" shouted Brassy, "run for your lives, it's the river overflowed I" They sprang forward and ran wiih yjucb speed in spite of brush, and briars, and manj stumblings, ' ..If we could only get to the slough fusf,' p anted Jiinssy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water.; higher than their heady was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. The; water from tho river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to tbth' waists. It was useless now to try to reach the tlough, impossible to crops it if they . could, that'crackling mudled roar was tern j near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding; With one accord Bill and Brassy caught; Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Be« hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whoje head was in the heart of tho eternal snows; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, ovvift flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep, The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into tbo. ohilling water, and shook and shivored toils topmost twfg when some floating object lodged against it, Higher rose tho flood and swathed their; soaked garments about them ; it was so cold ' -so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and1 warm, and the moonlight GO soft and beautiful, " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're eucbered this time." 1 V Looks lifee it," responded Bill, " and I'm . quite willing," - " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that wa> ready, for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out aomo day, an, drownin1, they say, is a easy death ; but to be d ro waded like a parsol of trued squirrels disagrees with mo. I might 'a' knowed these hot days, Vs cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast* powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a Hood, Yes, I've lived nifeh the river long enough to bo a-lookin' out fer a thing liko this, An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' so on* tbougbted, but I don't like to be drowadud like a miserable Equir'l," (TO BK COMTlNt/KD) 