? —Princess"Theatre. "-Pepita." —Bijou Theatre. " Sweet Lavender." —Theatre Royal. " Sin bad the Sailor." —Opera House, Gaylord-Silbon Troupe. —Alexandra Theatre. Dampier Company. —St. George's Hall. CogillB' Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. "American Novelty Entertainers." —Waxworks. Freeh novelties, —A letter at this office for St. Leon, circus proprietor —Jerry Dillon is going to America. —J. C. Williamson is at present in Sydney. —Hicks' Black Boom in the provinces. —Harry CogiU'e little daughter died during the —A. Cowan's Dramatic Company is doing Queensland —Harry Rickards and London Specialty Companv Brisbane. . ( —Leonora Brabam is now playing at the q„ Comique. —Jimmy Carden is in Frisco teacbii g the young how to shoot. —Lou Braham (late of Hiscocks and Friedman) W gone to 'Frisco. —Frank Lacey takes a variety crowd to picturesano T Portland, 4th March. —D'Arcy Head, of ghost fame, is still in Melbourne on the hunt for a manager. —The Triumvirate's new dramatic company lias left England. Pros, in Melbourne jubilant. —Wybert Reeve, after a lengthened retirement an 1 pears again at the Adelaide Theatre Eoyal. ' —Foot6cray can't well grumble now, what with a minstrel combination and a Thespian troupe. —Miss Kate Alrna and Company have arranged for » season at Broken Hill. Mr. Dillon is manager. —" Hans the - Boatman" opens in Sandhurst on the fltli of March. Geelong, Ballarat, Maryborough will l )0 ai B|J visited. —The Black Boon) (Hicks' Co.), is billed to put i n a week in Ballarat and Sandhurst. They should do well in the provinces. —Miss Polly Arrowsmith has accepted a life engagement. She was married a short time "back to a Mr Bedford, of .Broken Hill. —A Sydney super has got into hot water for personating diiferentpeople at the election. It is refreshing to know that a supe. gets into any kind of water. —Phil Beck is back in Australia again with a dramatised version of Fergy Hume's " Mdme. Midas." He's producing it m Sydney, as he thinks he midas-well. —The Riley Brothers, song and dance men, and a couple of New Zealand Jade, appear to have caught on at t.be Temp. They were on the programme again on Saturday last. —Frank Stevens, at one time a well-known clog-dancer at our Melbourne music halls, is now agent ahead for the Brooks Dramatic Company. Mr. Brook6, by-the-way, is a Hotham baker, —The next attraction at the Alexandra Theatre is to be Miss May Holt, si6ter to Bland. That this younglady may holt the fort for some time to come is tho earnest wish of yours truly. —Pugilist Peter Jackson has been offered an engagement by an enterprising Yank, who is desirous of starring Jack in " A Dark Surprise." Should he accept Pete will make a " hit" dead sure. • There was a terrible to do at a recent suburban " Ten Nights in a Barroom" show, and all because "George Collier forgot them wings," the angels, " for this occasion only,' being without thom. \- So poor old Dick Kohler has gone under, having died in 'Frisco. He was one of the shining lights years ago in Melbourne, with the United States Minstrels. He had a bit of a museum in 'Frisco—wax figures and the like. —Talking of the Bijou Theatre, where we can now sniff up all the delicacies of the season, that are frizzling on the fire, it would not be a bad line to work the double event, that is, so much admission to " Sweet Lavender." with a banquet thrown in. —Jack Wrangham patronised the St.. George's Hall show the other night to witness ibe Cogill Brothers burlesque on ''Marvellous Melbourne." Which is the burlesque, eh ? Doubtless you'll chirrup, 5" Get out, give us something easier.'' —Harold Ashton is now looking forward to the arrival of Frank Clark, who is carting out a strong ciowd of variety people, foremost among them being—Miss Kittie Putnam, a bright little American, over "whom the Press gives gushing accounts. —More talent! It never rains but it pours. Another complete dramatic company on the way out from Houiel Hooray! Five or six new variety shows are also expected. One Poverty Point will not be enough in Melbourne in the course of a week or two. —Amongst the many performers now en route to Australia with Frank Clark are Miss Katie Putnam, an American si.ubretie with a big reputation, Nellie Strickland and Messrs. Emery, Neville and Crosbie. IltKmerist Kennedy, too, is hunting up an American variety show for Australia. —Charlie and Harry Cogill, of St. George's Hall, are about to be tendered a grand complimentary benefit by all the boys. This is the first of the kind they have taken in Melbourne, and they richly deserve it. The building should not be half big enough for tbe people that are sure to purchase tickets for the show. —The Lynch Family of Bellringers are continuing a very succcssful career in the provinces, and at latest date bad arrived at Hamilton. Their seasons at Casterton and Coleraine, the local paper states, were the most successful ever known in the annals of amusement at those places. During the present week the Family are announced for Hamilton, Portland, &c.;, and nest week for Belfast and Warrnambol. —At Swallow and Ariell's picnic, which takes place at vordialloc next Saturday, a bit of novelty is to be introduced in the shape of a complete variety company, which is specially engaged. Mr. Griffin manages, and Messrs. Swallow and Ariell evidently know what they are about in securing " Ouda," tbe gymnast, whose " aerial performances we " swallow " whole. The Co. includes Perry the Droll, Sylvo, Ouda,, Griffin, Garnett, Little Elsie, and last, but not least, the Riley Brothers. Tbe different items will be sandwiched in amongst the footr races, &c.; —Mr. George C. Miln's "Richard IU." —the play announced as the inaugural production of a Sbairesperean season beginning on the 16th of March at tue Melbourne Opera House—is an especial favourite w«tu his critics, Mr. Miln's d essing and make-up of the impersonation being no less appreciated than Lis characterisation of the savage and cruel-minded Gloster. Here tbe American actor's finely-shapen bead and tragi® features, his piercing eye and mobile mouth are eminently adapted to tbe pourtrayal of tbe eloquent Biueit sardonic Duke, misshapen of body and strong of pes®' yet wielding at will the souls "of men to bis service uy the silvery sounds of a seraph toDgue, which couiu phrase such sentiments as a deep and cunning ^'H"*' should choose to suit t^e moment's selfish neeo°- Ladv Desmond, who danced at Richard's court, yet uyw long" into the period of the Stuarts, and died after a «»» spreading over nearly a century and a-half, usea i describe ibe Machiavellian Plantagenet as a singula^ handsome man, with the features of an angel.'ana Mug. of honey, persuasive, fascinatiDg and laden witn eloquence of a Chrysostom. And such ifl the counter"^ presentment of Richard given by Mr- Miln who inoonw a noble head on a body rendered grotesaue by a ciev and artistic make-up, and who thereby endeavours realise such a pict re of the real Richard as we ui»/ conjure up in our minds with "the face of a R0" a the form of a satyr." , 