THE WINNOWERS AND THE FAIRIES. A TALE OF HALLOWEEN. The extensive corn- grinding establishment situated on the left bank of the Finn, popu larly known as 'The Black Mill' was' formerly said to have been a favorite haunt s of the sights seen and the enchanting music a heard, as soon, as sol. had sunk below the P horizon, So strong did the popular belief become in these idle stories that wayfarers were won't to avoid this lonely spot as much as possible once the shades of evening began to close. The belated Glenfinn peasant, when re turning from the next market town, was in the habit on approaching this dreadful spot, of earnestly entreating the 'All Powerful,' to, protect him from the wiles and machina tions of the 'Good People,' who were, he believed,, on the constant watch to play some L of their little antics.on, the benighted. travel ler. Those-reports of the ghostly character of the- place, though; ridiculous in themselves, served at least one good purpose ; they caused the country people. whose. way home lay by the- dreaded: milt to despatch their business in a hurry, so as to.be past the 'Black mill' (on their way home) before sunset. But as. the superstitious belief of the people began to decline, and the peasantry becoming better educated than formerly, they lost all faith. in. the. reports of 'the supernatural sights. and sounds of the ' Black Mill.' The fairies themselves had' refrained from. exhibiting their humorous tricks. to "human ken," and at last the ghost stories of the place were looked back on as the ridiculous absur dities they really were. However this sensible belief nearly re- ceived' a fatal shock, through the wanton drollery of some boys, and. the anxiety- of some of the employers for a night's amuse went, as will be seen. from, the following true story :- On 31st October (Hallow Eve), 188—, the. busy- mill, was, as usual, a scene-of industrious activity ; every man. was at his, own, post, the- miller attending to. his, machinery, the. winnowers their fires and. tiles-and. so.oE the rest. Yet toa close observer there. was-some thing unusual in the manner of the employers: —as it were a secret longing for the night. The grocer's boy from. the end of-the bridge had twice thab d'ty delivered a heavy basket of 'good thinigs' at the neat cottage occupied by the miller, and a messenger was despatched to the. market town, and returned with an hamper scarcely .-less. heavy than, that of the grocer's boy: 'I wish. the sun.would hurry down,' said) the weary miller (John Rogan), addressing a pleasant,. ruddy-faced young man (George Stingson), who was: standing by his horse's head waiting patiently for his load. 'Oh, we will have time enough for fun,' said- George, '-after our usual hour of quitting work."' S '-But,' said Rogan, ' Ifearthe- winnowers a will persist in sitting up, as usual, to have i, a. crop. dry for Friday morning.. And it d!' would' never do, for us. to.have-a spree, and \- they at work- in, the kiln,, without asking. ) them in.' - e . ' They'll quit too,' said George. '-I fear not;'said' his companion,. , 'Leave that to me,' replied Geerge,. '-Do d you turn off. the water at 6, go into-the kiln d: fire-and- draw on one of the numerous old n. Fairy stories that you- have heard- about this IL mill';- be-sure and-tell one- that should have occurred:onHallow Eve,. and:ieave-the rest to me.'' a M'eanwhile George was-seen iih earnest con is versation with a boy who.lived in, the close SI vicinity of the mill-who, in turn, had a long \- conversation. with a. young man that was re Spairing roads aiway at the-other end, of. the ,E bridge, d The result was that the-last two conversers were seen:creeping-cautiously-up.stairs in.the \- mill ;. one carrying something underthe skirt of his coat, whichi at that gloomy hour,. it .e was not easy to distinguish, but willbe-known Sfiurther on, and' the other with, ahand lamp. di cautiously by. his side.. t After a- time George followed in the same it direction,, and neither of the. three was.seen. r. for the remainder of the evening, " At the appointed hour the miller turned; offithe. water,, and, having secured the place ' as usuali he siuntered into the kilns, where y. the winnowers (Peyton Hughs audi Carolas Hewitsou), were stationed, together- withltwo e of their little boys, who had come over to , accompany their fathers. home at bed time.. John, stb down by the kiln fire, and was 1-, soon.engaged in narrating a fairy story of the it mill,, which. he said, had happened on Hallow e eve, in the early part of his-father's turn as.j d lhen the blbod-curdling narrative was finished, John retired to his own kitcheii, it where his wife was. busy, preparing for a e- feast, on. large-scale- indeed. '-I- wonder,. Carolas,~ said his companion, n. after the miller's. exit,. 'could. these old. stories have any footing at all.' -I really'don't know,' ejaculated Carolas, ti-' but IP often, thought that you~ and I. some times. act rather rashly in stopping here. dry o ing corn. at the dead hour-of the night when hr everybody, is- asleep,. and the whole woild. in sil'ent. Because, Obn of our town, told: my id self (and Con is no liar) that he got a great h fright at this very door, when he was coming e fiom ' \illien s of Creggtn.' At this moment Sthe faint squeak of a fiddle- reached their 1- ears. ie' God save us exclaimed Feyton, dob you hear anything.' They-listened- for a moment! a until they heard distinctly the music-of a; le fidtlle; and, as they thought, the sound of a y number of persons keeping, time. to the g music with the light fantastic toe upon the o. loft.. Theastonished winnowers made a rush r for the door, Carolas: dclosing and locking it !e after him with all possible- speed, but just as le. he drew the key from the door he heard a ilab k pitiful cry inside. He stood almost s. petrified, but after a, few minutes he recog nisedi the voice of Peyton's little boy, whom I n- they had locked inside in their hurrF to ie escape. Carolas again ir.serted the- key and "g opened the doorjust wide enough to permit e- the little boy to. get out, then hastily closing rs. it he seized his coat by the sleeve and ran the e coat trailing in the gutters till he overtook ly his companion on the further end of the er bridge. is 'Oh, thank goodness,' exclaimed Peyton, al we're safe at last, sure isn't ic good they can't cross a running strea-u. I'rm not quite sure of that,' replied Carr las. ' The stream was no obstacle to theim the night they chased the water-keeper (MIatthew M'Ginley) out of Bogan's wood, where he was lying in ambush trying to catch the Blazers, and not only did they cross the streama after him, but there were two of them. standing on the ,big rock' in the carry armed with blackthorn sticks, and cruelly prevented Mat from crossing there, so he had' to. wade- the water below the carry. And when they escorted him, to the far side, they conveyed him on to they seen him. sitting at his fire.' Oh,. father,' cried young Hugh, '-look at the lights in the mill.' AlL looked in that direction, and there indeed was. the mill,. with, the water turned on, every- window lighted up, and presenting an appearnce same. as if all the hands were at work as. they had. been through the day. Both men made the best of their way: home, mutually vowing that Halloweve would never catch them drying corn after sunset again. But to. return to our friends, whom we. saw go upstairsin the evening. They were the fairies who. had played, the tricks, on. tEi - winnowers. After reaching the loft adjacent to.the-kilns, they carefully secreted themselves behind. some bags of meal,. P. H. drawing from be- neath the skirts of his coat a fiddle, and laying it down in a convenient place,, so that. he could grasp it quickly in case any person came in. behind the bags where they were.. Eddie desposited his lamp in a convenient. place also, and all three lay quietly down on the loft until they heard the miller- turning off the water and returning to his own house after (as we. have. seen) telling, his ghostly. story to the winnowers. 'Low, Pat,' said George, 'draw. a wee I faint squeel on.her at first, andi then, as- fast. as you. can. strike up the.' Ivy leaf,' and.Eddy and I will make all the rattle we can.in, the way of dancing,. Pat began, to.scrape.with. the bow on.the fiddle strings, and his companions- commenced; something. resembling, a. dance;. which, they continued: till; they heard the. uproan down-. stairs caused by the winnowers and their sons getting, out, as wehave already. seen, 'Run. George,"' said: Pat;. '-and' get on the. water on. the- mill. before. they. get out of. hearing,' and I'll keep, playing away on the fiddle, for unless, we. frighten, the life nearly out of them. they- might come- back to look aften the crop of;corn. that is.on the kiln.' I eorge ran, to, the sluice ands let on the water ; at the same time Eddy, by means of: his lamp and a, candle cut into as many parts. as there was windows in the mill, had the place brilliantly lighted, Then the three stood laughing at the-suc cess of their trick until they made sure that their victims. had reached home. Immedia tely George went and let down- the sluice,. extinguished the kiln fires, and.Eddy put out his. lights, when all repaired to the miller's s cottage,. from. whence- they might- be- seen, dispersing next morning, looking, as. unlikse t fairies as. possible,. 1 Next day the winnowers' fright- was oircu- } ted: throughout the whole country ;. and of: allithe neighbors, from-the iufanb to.the old. man, it was- the principal, conversations audi continued'so, until the secret was revealed,. .when the superstitious a.we. atfirst creeted' by the-report, was turned'into miith in the neigh- I horhood at the expense of the unfortunate s winnowers,. who were so.confident, of the evil, disposition. of their. tormentor, that they went back early next morning: to.see if the fairies. had ground the crop of.corn that they left out \- the kiln.. The- woman who can shoe a horse is- much4 more interesting than. the woman, who can: only shco a hen. Smnith-'-, Were you a-t Balaklava, may I ask ? Tailbr--' Lord, no·! W-hy Smith-' You charge so magnificently. I' Whether a sentence should! Be Ibng or. short depends upon whether it is being, written by an author or pronounced. by a court.. e '-l'm so sorry you spilt the ink," said' tihe Spoet's wife. ' Has it gone over your poem '" ' No,' returned the poet, sadly, it went over j! my postage stamps. First Small Boy-' My- papa is a. great hunter He's. killed bears and; panthers., SSecond Small Boy-' HuIghd:That's nothing. M y papa is a lady.-killer.. Mr. F---, oub with his chiidreni. takes. them, to.a milkshop because they are thirsty. 'Ladies first, he says.' '-An' me- next,, cries e Charlie, ' 'tause I dot petticoats. A witty and attractive young lady asked' Sthe- following ques.tion:-'-What is the difference between myselfi and a. clock i: sMademoiselle, the clocks tells the hours,. and you. make us forget them,. was the reply.. Anxious Mother--'- Has Mr.. BashfulL proposed yet ? Daughter-' Not exactly ;. Sbut last evening when I- was holding little Iiuk in my lap, Mr. Bashful went to the piano and. sang~-' Would £ were a boy. again., ' Alas !said a moralising-biachelor. within1 Searshot of a witty young lady Of the COn- L. pany,.' this world is at best but a gloomy Iprison.'l Yes, sighed. the merciless- minx, .t 'especially to the poor creature doomed to. Ssolitary continement. SWhen Sir George Rose was dining once '; with. the late Lord Langdale, his host spoke i of the very diminutive church, in. Langdale, Sof which.hislordship was-patron. '-It is not a bigger,. saidi Lord Langdale,.' than this. Idining-room.' "No, returned: Sir George,. a ' and the living not lhalf so good. a Bobley-' \Wonder what makes young i Perkins look so c.st down. One would fancy e he'had. lost his. best friend. Wiggins-' So. She has. His sweetheart has jilted him. SBobley-'" \Well it's really a blessing in, i disguise.. He's escaped a. mother-in-law,. anyway.' Wiggins-' Oh, you don't under stand ; the girl's an orphan ! S 'r. Schiwremer ( to. the young widow of a old-Otard)--"And so you, really say, Mrs. Otard, that a girl of twenty can actually be t sincere when -shesays she truly loves a man of fifty I Mrs. Otard (indigantly) gSincerel Of course I do!' Mr, Schwremer ' Oh, thank you! 'llhen maybe there will be some chance for me twenty years hence,. after all !' Printed and publiehed by the proprietor, Thomas Y Hunt, at the office, Sydney street, Kilnore,. Coun~y of Dalhousie, Colony of Victoria. 