Ghostly Apparitions. Tho appearance only to persona who are peculiarly fi .ted for ghost-seeing is one of the pecularities of all ghott legonds. It ia not everyone that can see the inhabitants of the invisible world, but those who.se eyes Ere opened, or for those whom the ghost bas a feeling that makes a bond ot sympathy, or those who by some peculiarity of birth are better qualified than others for such mystio sight. Tor instance, a child born on Suniay in Scotland is believed to have this power above all others. The " White Lidy " appears on such occa- sions in such manner as he chooses, but is also capable of being summoned by any of her family according to a preecribed formula and by the performance of certain rites. The " White lady of Avenel " is only the application to a particular family of a belief common in Scotland whero the apparition known in Ireland aa the banshee is known by thc same name, but quite as often the .' white lady/' In fact, most ot the great families in the Highlands were supposed to have a do- mestic spirit who took an interest in their prosperity, and usually intimated an ap- proaching disaster by waitings and uneartly sounds of grief. Hut there was a difference in the apparition varying with the character which each is supposed to have held while upon the earth in mortal flesh, but ingérerai it appeared as an old woman io a mantle with streaming hair. A superstition of the same kind is so gene tally received in the Green Isle that the banshee ii counted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish credulity. In Ireland there have been varions ex- planations of the word banshee, most of them explaining it as the " head of the fairies." or '.' white fairy ;" but Dr. O'Brien in his Irish dictionary writes, " beauaighe plural man eighe," the fairies, or women fairies credulously supposed by the common people to b* so affected to certain families that they are heard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any mem- ber of the family labors under a sickness which ia to end in death. Some of the cases in which the banshee has appeared are told with an abundance of detail and confirmed by BO many witnesses that, although unwi'iing to believe the tale, it becomes a difficult one to answer or explain away. I The batidbee ot tho Bunworth family as ¡related to have appeared on the occasion of the depth of Hov. Charles Bunworth, rector I of Buttevant, in the county Cork, about the j middle of the last century is such a case. Its j first appearance was to one ot tho servants . named Kwanagh, who esme to the house i apparently in great grief and wringing his i hands. i " What is it you mean, Kavanagh V in j quired Miss Bunworth. j " Is it mean .'" said Kivanagh ; " the ban I shee has come from him, Mies, and 'tis not 1 alone who have heard her." " 'Tia an idle superstition," said Miss Bunworth. " Maybe so," replied Kavanagh "butas I came through the glen of Ballybeg she was along with me, keening and screeching and clapping her hands by my side every step of the way, with her long white hair falling upon her shoulders, and I could hear h sr re- peating the master's name every now and then, as plain as I ever heard it. When I came to the old abbey abe parted from mo there, and turned into the pigeon field next the burying ground, and folding her cloak about her, down she sat under tho tree that was struck by lightning and began to cry BO bitterly that it went through one's heart to hear it." Miss Bunworth told Kavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought he was doing well, but warned him not to tell thc story to anyone. Mr. Bunworth, howevtr, did not progress ' toward recovery, but declined gradually, j though nothing more happened until the . night of his death. Then there was a sudden ' sound outside the window near the bed. A I rose tree was forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was hoard, accompanied by dapping ot bands, as if of a female in deep affliction. It seemed aa if thc Gound pro- ceeded from a person holding her mouth close to the window. The lady who sat by thc bedeide went into an adjoining room and asked the gentlemen there if they had heard the banshee. None of them fcelievei in her ladyship, and they at once instituted a thorough investigation. They walked all around the house, examining every spot of ground, but there waa not a sign, not even u footstep upon the fresh earth of the garden. Upon their return they were astonished to hear that the manifestations had been re- peated, and that they had been more marked, and the clapping of hands louder than be ¡ fore. Daring the night the sick man grewrapidly worse and expired with the first glimpse of morning. The legend of " The McCarthy," is tho most peculiar among all the banshees. The young man died and waa laid out for'several oours when be came back to life and insisted that he had been before tho judgment sear, but had been permitted to come back with thc ¡ understanding that three years more of life ¡ were granted him in which be might became j a better man. ' He had been very wild and dissipated, but reformed at once and lived as a man naturally would who knew that the day of his deatn waa Used. Aa the time drew near McCarthy's mother sent for her sister to be with them as the evcntiul time. OJ the way the banshea appeared, giving a succession of screams and making t. loud clapping of thc hands. Then they eaw the figure of a tall thin woman, with uncovered head, and hair that floated around ber shoulders, attired in something which might be a loose white cloak or a sheet. She stood in the way as if to stop them, and i motioned to go another way, which they finally went. Wnen they got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly I wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that was ! thought of no importance, but fro31 which he died the very day that the three years WAS j ! up. : I The origin of nil these appearances and j many like them ia easy to trace. They go back, not to classic, but to the old Norse ¡ days when Woden, whom we call Oden, was given a place among the gods, and Frigga ¡ wa3 made bis consort- 0 jin became the j earliest form of the hunter, who, with his j mystic attendants with horn and hounds, was 1 reported to pursue the chase all over northern | Europe. His consort in like manner became j the white lady who became transformed into | a hundred different legends in which the j motherly, protecting influence of the divine j Frigga is not entirely lost. There aro a number cf white ladies con-1 neoted with various noble families in Ger- many, but probably the one that is most re- markable and seems to bc the most substan- tiated is connected with 1119 royal bouse of Gr rmany, and is known as the " While lady of tho Hohenzollerns." The lady in question ia said by all to ,be one ot the ancestresses of the family, but which one is not agreed. There is an abundance of evidence as to her repeated appearances, and no merely ghost story ¡3 so well authenticated. Sie is recorded to have made her first ap- pearance in IS'.is, just before the death of the elector, John Gearge. Twenty years later she prognosticated the death of John Sigis- mund. In Is-'-1 she again appeared, and for the ñrrt time epoke, uttering these words: " Veni, judica vivos et mortuos." A paper of that eatlydiy records the appearance with this, statement : g¡ " It is also undeniable that in our times, j only a few years ago, in a certain princely j hrute allied to that of Bradenburg, a young . prince met with a fatal accident, and that a j few days before his death the whit« lady wsc > -Hi." ' \ j in K..7.I tho white lidy was met in the gallery of Berlin, before the death of Anna Sophia, duchess or Brunswick, and again in H!07, when she foretold the death of Lousia Henriette, wife of the eleotor, Frederick William. The subsequent appearance, generally be- lieved in by the Germans who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son of the elector. He was laying on bis bcd in a weak, exhausted condition, with a valet asleep on a mattress nesr by. Suddenly j ho beard the hangings divide and saw a tall white lady with outstretched arms and flow- ing hair, inclining her head toward tho bed, and turning from right to left as though she sought something under the hangings. At last she discovered the king, and her steady ! eyes looked at him long in silence. William raised himeelf and made a movement ; her eyes followed him ; she was unmoved. At that moment the clock on a pier table near the bed rang the hour and stopped. The lad7 disappeared. At thc same moment a violent noise was heard in the room adjoining, where were, and now are, placed on sideboards, tba plateB and dishes used in tho fetes of the Prussian kfog. They all fell with a crash to the floor. Thc valet awoke . the king cried in accents of terror : " There, there ! She went ont there ! ' And with bewildered look, his hand extended, he pointed to the door of the private room. " Who ?" asked the'valet, half asleep. " The white lady, I tell you ! Go and see which way she went." The valet searched all over the palace, and found no speotre. '. I saw tho white lady," said the king, as though speaking to himself, and covered his face with the bcd coverings, Next day he ordered his coffin and mafe the Queen, bis wife, to lie in it, in order to see if the size was right. It was his last act of cruelty, tor he died that night. Forty years after, his son, Frederick the Great, died at Sans Souci, and ho, too, saw the white lady. The circumstances again were remarkable, A picture of the white lady had been painted (it is said by his own hand), which is still in existance, and shows thc superstition which was evidently in bis mind. Whether he expected to eee her or not, she came. One evening just at nightfall Frederiok was alone in the library ntanding before a music stand which he used when playing the flute. The door opened and the white lady traversad tho room wi'hout looking at him. For a moment he did not know what to do. Then he followed her; he opened thei'oor and followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped at the vesti- bule. The apparition seemed to run over the »and in the circular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned bim to come, and disappeared. He died a few days afterward. The White Lady of Hohenzollern is also said to have appeared in IS 10 before the death ol Frederick William III; in ISlit, previous to the death of Frederick William IV., and in the pre- sent year previous to the death of tho late em- peror. The conclusion of thc matter is that the Rtiper stition, b.rn far back in tho days of paganism, has permeate! Kurope and still has some power, hut as remarked au Irish story-teller : " 1 don't hear that tho banshees go on so much nw as they did formnily." Snch beliefs must fade out before tho march of intelligence and knowledge, and yet they are eo full of a peculiar interest that many will regret their loss even in tho day when ito one will c o Ut or accept them upon any autlr rity what- ever. THKIIK »u many worse things than singla blessedness, and tho condition of the old maid is no less honorable to her than is that of matri- mony to hor wedded sister. Tho old maid may, if she will, and she g nyrally does, boar "a noblo part iii the good work of making the world a better and happier place. There are probably few who do not carry with them through life tho tender memory o' sumo old maid whose love and goodness cheered and Messed their early years. How often is she a ministering angel whose life is spent in acts of unselfish devotion to_ thosa around htr? We cannot spare the old maid. Sbo has an important rule to play in the human comedy, and the thing for her to do is to study it and jil iy it well. Tho woman who worries be- cause slie sccs old maidenhood before her is with- out good suisc. lilt her hi sure that there are thousands of wives who only wish that they had led single lives, and then she may find it easier to learn of tho apostle in whatsoever state she is therewith to bs content. 