MELBOURNE: Melbourne, Sept. 13. . - [FROM OnRjOORRKSPONDENT.] 1 Jiscussion in political circles during the week lias been almost concentrated upon the impending Ministerial changes. The Government have a .great opportunity, but there are complications which moke it a thing difficult to be. availed of, Mr (Jillies' immediate interview with Mr :Service as soon as Sir James Jjorimsr's decease was announced, indicated that Ministers saw their chance and would be prompt to avail themselves of it, but it is understood the negotiations did not eventuate so favorably as might have been hoped. One course would have been to give Mr Bell the Defence portfolio, and offer MrService a seat at the cosy little table whereat Ministers—thanks to the indefatigable Kerrigan, the officekeeper ot the Chief Secretary's department— dine , so well on bill preparation nip!-*--. After two periods of Coalition Mr Services resumption of a seat at the Council table would have weemed a singular repetition of ths episode described in the first book of the Iliad *• To calm their passion with the words of age, Slow from his seat arose the Pylian sage; Experienc'd Nestor in persuasion skill'd, Words sweet as honey from his lips distilled. Two generations now had pass'd away, Wise by his rules, and happy by llis sway; Two ages o'er bis natire realm he reigned; And now the example of the third remained." But here arusea difficulty, you could not £ Nestor to be a shield bearer. His greatest -allie would be in his true position as leader of the Council, and thus to place him, involved the supercession of Mr Cuthbert. You will probably know ere you read this how the difficulty has been overcome, but I shall be surprised if after all it does not evenluate iu the accessson of Nestor to the lead and the Defence Department, Mr Cuthbert .retaining his present portfolio and continuniug to act as sword bearer. The change would be a boon to, for Mr Cuthbert with his hesitating manner always seeming as if he was only half primed in what he is talking about, and his unimpassioned lawyerlike speech is r.y. at all a successful leader of such a body as the reformed Council should i. There has been some talk of a change in the Assembly, and- as Mr Derharn is in poor health, and is also notoriously the weak link, an effort is being madeinsome quarters to buck him out of the saddle. Hope beats hieh amongst the expectancies, but if the Government are wise they will keep this bit of tart in their pocket until the recess. It is a bad business to try to feed the hungry with one sprat when the House is in session. There is a likelihood, of achieving the experience of that Mayor of Melbourne who said, "I never made so many enemies for myself by one act in my life as I did when I nearly ruined myself giving the citizens a ball." Dryden wrote:— O! tis a beautiful thing to be no more; Or il' it be to wander after death To walk as spirits do in breaks of day, And when the darkness comes to glide in paths That lead to graves, and iu the silent vault "Where lies your own pale shroud to hover o'er it, Striving to enter" your forbidden corpse 1 But how much must the horror of a conE" cientious ghost be aggravated by the feeling that he has no assurance that that shroud has paid duty to Her Majesty's Customs as '' an article of attire," and that if he enters into it be may' be taken in procesB of arrest by Detective Christie and retained as security for .payment. . It is a terrible position to be in, and we may expect our ghosts—at any rate those whose mural tablets affirm they were in life honorable men—to burst their cerements and hang their shouds upon the trees in the cemeteries rather than expose themselves to be haunted by Mr Patterson and the Harbour Trust officers, demanding the payment of the collectable. tax and wharfage rates on their dutiable shrouds.- Alas; poor ghosts 1 There used to be a popular impression expressed in Cuckney vernacular in the phrase i'eggs is h'eggs, and can never be h'oniona; but our Customs Department: knows better,, and has. decided 'that when eggs are.not dutiable, but are imported from China in a condition which shows that they must have been .perserved, they come under the head of salted provisions, and must pay. As soon, however, as a tax upon fowl-fruit is imposed, relatively 'higher than that .on provisions, they become eggs, and. I presume when this absurd duty is removed they will revert ionce more to their former classification. What funny things one learns through the Customs House. Who ever would have thought we imported eggs from China ? Something of the " those about to die salute thee " tone always pervades the references in the Legislative Council to tbe death of one; of its members, and it was moit marked on Tuesday. It was natural that Mr Cuthbert, from whose side a colleague, who had been in his place in the House a.fortnight before had been unexpectedly snatched, should betray emotion,, and several times he had to stop to re-adjust his speech, and overcome the choking feeling in his throat. But Colonel Sargood, in seconding the motion, was even more sympathetic, and his voice was uncontrollably husky, and his words winged with the feeling that he was speaking not merely of the legislator and of the rival who 1 had suceeded in earning the title he missed, • but of the friend of thirty years acquaintance. .- The difference between these post Mortem references iu the Assembly and the Council is just what is expressed in the well worn phrase " the young may die, the old 1 must." . A Sovereign in a lodging house is a somewhat unique spectacle, and even novelfcv. creating "Victoria will somewhat amuse the world bv presenting it. But the fact that Her Majesty's representative is boarding at the Grand, notably marks tile enormous advance that has -been made of late years in the development of the cotfae palace system. Visitors may, of course, leave their cards of condolence with the afflicted family "who have seen better days One of the rules of the Grand is, that not only shall no lutoxicatlug liquors be drank at tbe. tables, but that aay servant of the establishment found bringing it in-to a guest, renders himself or herself liable .to dismissal. . I wonder if His Excellency's .orderlv will be permitted to slip in the back way with the beer lug 1 Can anything be more gratifying than the manner in which Victoria has responded to the caSl ofher kinsmen in English. Here we -are at this time of writing wmh nearly £13,000 to our charitable, credit. No wonder, our efforts have been greeted with enthusiasm and emotion, by thousands, aye, scores of thousands, of men, who, when in full work, have a stern struggle with starvation. The cables sav that the news that £3,300 was forwarded in one day was received with loud cheering. Victoria s action has been a veritable stretching of hands across the sea, What "rather astonished me is that the response from the United States has been poor. Compared to Australia's effort, and taking the relative, size and-wealth of the two countries into proportion, it really has been nothing. But it serves to throw our own into bolder relief, and .therein serves as a foil. But we want no comparison of that kind to - spur us on. Our own flesh and blood were in the worst kmd.of want, and we have stretched out our hands to help them. No better federation sermon could have been preached. Iu no more forcible manner could we have shown that Australia IB loyal to the old country, and prepared to -bear a portion of her. troubles. Better far to my mind has been.this expression 1 of svmpathv with the wretched dock labourers ; ' than any half-a-dozen boudancontingents. :-. -The. difference :in the colonial enthusiasm Over the recent champion boat race won by Searle and that in which Wm. Beach won the honours for Australia has been very -marked. One member of the ^metallic profession informs me that zhe^as commissioned to back Searle for £1000 three weeks before the -race, but had the greatest difficulty in betting a fourth of that amount. The-explanation now IB that the public had lost faith in Searle after the way in which lie acted at - the Brisbane regatta.- There is an axiom in sporting circles to the effect that "once a man has been 'crooked' he is not to be trusted again. Many a man who would like to have had " interest '- in the present race was deterred from doing so bv this - circumstance.- It is a ' pity that- the championship so worthilv .upheld by Beacb-should-have had even this smirch on it. All:the more that Searle is undoubtedly an athletic phenomenon. In connection with this.event it will perhaps be interesting to your non-betting readers to know how the betting market is work. Like the commercial exchange it IB all a matter of " buUing-'.' iand " bearing " . as for example. Some two weeks since, a cablegram was re; ceived .in Melbourne containing one -single -word. -To any one not in the mysteries, this, word bad the simplest of meanings. But to the initiated, it bore the intelligence that O'Connor could have no show, and -that his chance might be betted against freely. Acer- -tain.time was allowed for the operation.'-. Then' •when as much-^monev at even was on, the city began to be spread -with .the news-- that Searle was llli that OtOonnbr had done a -wonderful tnal ilrat- h'is oountry men - were "backing him freely,: and similar ;wires. That was to. drive Searle back in the betting; - and make • O'Connor a -corresponding favourite. AndBO the- little- game -'lias been worked .backwards and forwards-for the .last three weeks—indeed •right up-to the tlme of the: grand coup. 1 tell svou -there is more, in the betting -profession than most people dream of. - v.-v Tllo otller dav-we had an -old .man up at the .citvcourt:whoreturnedhie ageat 102. L :That, %f cours6,--wouldfrtqiiiri3 a liboral discount to -make - at vcredible; irStill :the-,: .veteran'... was -igriiszledand'decrepid.enough to have:been:any .age between r 0 and 100 He was an old timer, and knew Tasmama and Victoria ill the ver early day But vhat gained tbe old ichop.'more.usvmpathv than-evelv,lis advanced ? 