J7l? t' Otlllinn÷ Thle ,Ghost. About the year 1850 1 :vs on one of our English India ships bound from Boston to Calcutta. We arrived off the Cape of Good Hope with fair weather to that point, but every one was on the lookout now for a blow from some qlnrter. The pervious evening one of the lookouts during the midwatch had insisted hoe had eeen the lyi/y .Daloe ?mnru, and every one knows that when that is the case a blow or bad weather in some shape Is suro to come. And come it did with a venagenco, for the very next night the wind died down to a calm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first. Six of the old tars went tumbling up the weather main rigging, and were urged on by tihe gruff voice of the second mate, a thlrough old scandog, who sang out, "Come, bear a hand there, you libbers, and get on deck again I" And on deck they were ngainsooner than he or the msen expected for ust ns thoy showed their helds over tho " top" a dleep sepulchral voice called out, "Blows harl, Jack I" They were staggered, and for an in slant esitlate, when again tihe fearful voice repeated, "Blows hard, Jaek l" That was enough; their solpemrstltloous fears overcame thiel, nsld thoy did not stop till the ldeck was reached. Iy this time the Captain and mate were ons deck, and were nstomshed to see six of the best men on the ship come tumbling down, while tihe mnintop-gallalnt sail and royal were slatting in tlhobntlinesas though tlhey would blow sway at every flap. "o Wat's the matterl Why didn't you furl thoso sailsl"said the Captnin. " Matter enoughl," said an old salt. "You don't get sme in that main-top to.night. I wouldn't give much for anyone who goes op, either, for I not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, but heard him talk." This was too much for the old skipper. The Ides of losing all bis sails becauseo there was a ghost in the anin-top was too muoch for him, siso called for volunteers, and started up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not another man would go. Those who lhad been u n had seen nnd sheard enolughl, and those whso Ihdn't did not care to risk it. Well, tihe old skipper and his mates fared no better than the men, for hardly had their heads rcnched over tihe "toul rim "thnu, In the stnme awful, blood.curdling tones, came to their ears tihe words, '" lows hard, Jack I" and thlere, right in tihe " dulblis '' of lita mast, the Captain caught sight of two glar. ing eyes, and n long white arm reached down as if to clutch him, and down they all scam pered to the deckns fast as their legs would take them. About daylight the steward discovered that a pet parrot belonging to thenkipplr had es caped from his cage, and was gone, probably blown overboard andl lost in the gale. Polly had, bhowever, by hanl work, managed to alight in tihe main-.top, where she had stowed herself in the "dublins " of the must, and was bolding on for dear life until she was rescued In the morning. 1t'l'I mnin.top.gallant studding.sail was lashed in the weather top.mast rigging, and the clew had blown adrift, and happened to flop down at tihe Captain as he went over tih " top" in tihe black darkness, and so was easily magnified Into a ghostly arm, and Polly Into the frightful ghost. 