TIE KOBE TO WIN. ‘ I did not know you had bo much poetry in vour composition/ "observed Mrs. Anstruther languidly. Leila Marsdcn arranged the delicate laco at her wrist with an air of abstraction. 4 Ho is very good-looking and lie rides {splendidly/ she said, • and lie—er—ho nocs love ino to distrac tion, you know.* ‘ As many others probably will do beforo your time is over, my dear; but that has nothing to do with the ease. You must get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he’ll get over it in time ; they always do. You are surely not going to trouble your silly little head about him?’ Miss Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. * I’ll think about it/ sue said, half turning in the doorway to glanco hack at her bister. ‘ I’ll think about it, and I’ll make up my mind this evening. There! I can’t promise more than that, can 1, Itoso ? You are satisfied, aren’t you?’ 4 Yes, I am satisfied/ replied Mrs. Anstru ther; and, as she dozed through the long after noon that followed, sho allowed her sister to figure very prominently in her dreams as tho wife of Major Temple Arlmrton, of the Hussars, ami future baronet. Sizinib.id is famous for its pretty girls ; hut prettiest and most striking of nil was Leila Mursdeit at the race bull that night. 4 ltaeo ball’ is, perhaps, too big a term to bo properly applied to it; but the arrival of a couple of regiments on their way to tho frontier had stirred up Siziiv.liad to. sports on three days of the week, tho race ball intervening. 4 You’ll ccmo down to see tho finish to morrow, Miss Mavsdeu ?’ asked Tommy Campbell, tho wit of Sizirabud, as ho strolled up to Leila that evening and asked her for a dance. .* There’s tho cup race coming off, you know, and tho ladies’ handicap, and tho race Willoughby rides to win—tho one with tho lady ‘Vhut do you mean ?’ asked Leila, laugh* 7Ho means tho ladies’ prize race/ said Major Arlmrton, standing closu behind her, and glowering at Campbell over her shoulder. 4 And is Mr. Willoughby quite likely to win it i*’ asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. 4 The betting is all on him ; but he’s got a ticklish mount, and I don’t hko that loft-liand corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious bmlo into tho bargain, you stand a rare chance of jumping tho hedge and dis appearing down tho precipice. Can’t imagine wliy they don’t arrange things bettor in this outlandish hind ; hut then I never have seen tho advantages of India. Leg your pardon, Miss Manmcn, didn’t mean a pun.’ And ho disappeared among the danccis with a comical look on his lace, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. 4 How odd he is /.she said. ‘ By the wnv, what hoi so is Mr. Willoughby going to ride to morrow in tho ladies’race ?’ 4 One of mine—Mazeppa. You seem to take n great interest in that fellow Willougby* (jealously). ‘ Xot at all. Ho is rather a friend of my sis ter’s/ replied Leila carelessly. 4 Arc not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Ar lmrton V* 4 If you wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow, of it’ (doubtfully). ! Tho mixed sentiment jarred on Leila; blit ho | was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent ' prospects. What mattered it that ho was far | beyond thirty, and no longer so slim as ho had i been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, and ho had no choice, uud so, long beforo the evening was over, people were whispering to gether concerning Miss Mnrsdcii and Major Ar liurton, ami a report Hew about that lie had I proposed nml been accepted. I The truth or ntherwiso of such statements ! was not to bo read on Leila’s face. To all out ward observance sho wus as calm and haughty nml beautiful us ever. None knew that sho looked at her programmes over and over again, to make sure that there was no mistake, anil that the initials 4 C. C. AY.’ scrawled against tho fifteenth value made her await that danco with a sickening heart. It came at hist. Tho hand struck up tho | strains of a well-known vulse, tho room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsdun, with paler checks than usual, and a strange boating of tho heart, was floating round with Clmrlio AAril loughby as partner. ‘ Shall wo sit tho rest out?’ lio asked, when they paused at length. Leila bent her head in assent, and they passed out of tho reo:n on to tho long, low ver andah, somewhat to tho dismay of her sister, who had watched thorn eagorly while together. Tho moonlight throw tho girl’s pale face mul tall, slight figure into strong relief against the dark verandah background. Clmrlio Willoughby leaned against a pillar overrun with creopcr, and Poked nt her lixedlv. Ho nuulo no excuse for himself, nor did ho break tho silence between them. His eves sen relied her face as though ho would read there what ho dared not trust him self to hear. Presentlv Leila spoke. Her voice sounded faint and lur away, even to herself. 4 I hear/ sho said pleadingly, * that you arc going lo riilo a very vicious horse tomorrow in tho ladies’ prize race. Please don’t ride it; please do not.’ 4 And I hear that you arc engaged to marry Major Arburton1 .(without tho slightest refer ence to her appeal). 4 Is that true, Leila, oris it Sho looked down and traced a littlo pattern on tho stone floor with her foot. * Is it truo, or is it not?’ ho repeated fiercely. Sho lifted her eyes to his, and saw (hero tho jmssion which trembled in his voice. 4 Don’t ho angry; oh, do not!’ sho cried, putting up her hand with a depreciating gesture; 4 they havo made mo do it. I ain a burden to my sistor, you know; and I couldn’t stand it nuv’longer ; nml ho is not so had ; but I lovo you tho bc-d—oh, so much.tho host! You know it; only I—I—rl nm so miserable/ ■ 4 Doubtless/ ho said gravely, never for nn instant removing liis eyes from tho fair, piteous face; 4 so nm I—very miserable, ko havo I been for tho past month; hut my misery doesn’t seem to touch you much. So you nro going to marry this Crowns, this.elderly futuro baronet, and throw mo over quite, nro you, Leila?* Sho twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, hut made no reply* 4 And you uro good enough to tnko sufficient interest in mo to wish mo not to break my neck to-morrow?’ Sho was still silent, j 4Arorygood. Then listen to rao, I ridoto [ morrow, and I ride to win, and you aro to ho the prize. Yes, you—do not look so startlod^ you ! Iritlo to win, or X ride to—novor mind that part of tho business.^ If I win I slutll con sider you mine in spito of nil tho Major Arburtons in the world.' Ifnot—do you under stand tho alternative, Leila V She bent hor head. Could bIio avoid unuer * It lies with you,' be went on steadily. * You know my horse, you know tho racecourse, yon know mo. If to-morrow boforc starting vou bid mo ride to win, very good; if not— Tho music has begun again. Shall l tako you back to your elderly future haronet V’ * ' My dear Leila, what nonsen3o!’ cried Mrs. Anstruthcr. 4 Rub your cheeks, child, and drink this wine. You look as white us a ghost, and about as unhappy. Not go to the races l You will havo everyone saying it is all olf again, just as it is all on. It is too aggravating ol' you It was tho day following tho ball. Leila,, in her sister’s room, was utterly rofusmg to accompany her to tho racecourc, and equally positive in her refusal to fico Major Arburton. ’ I know wliat it is,’ Mrs. Anstruthcr went angrily; 4 that boy has been talking non sense to you. It was too foolish of you to give him a danco last night. If I hud known of it I should havo taken you homo most\cer 4 Ho did not talk nonsense, and ho is not foolish, nor i3 ho a boy,' cried Leila, veho mantly : and then sho gave way, and relapsed into copious weeping. , 4 At any rate, he is ouly a sub-lieutenant, and cannot possibly havo moro than ftvo hundred a year, iuid what is more, he doesn’t menu it Bcriously with you. If you throw over Major Arburton now you will be throwing him over for a more shadow*. Everybody knows wliat a llirt Charlie Willoughby is. Ho makes lovo to every girl bo moots.’ . , , „ 4 That isn’t true l’ exclaimed Leila with an. effort at drying her tears. , 4 H’m! How about Funny IIopo, and ono or two others I could mention r Silenco. 4 And bow about his debts?’ Silenco, 4 And his gambling—and tlmtuctrcsB, and-’ Leila sprung to hor foot. 41 won’t listen, any moro J’ sho cried, 41 do care for liiin, and I hate Ma jor Arburton, and I won’t marry him, nrnl I will not go to tlio races to-day,’ Mrs. Anstruthcr grow pale. She felt her last ehnneo was going. 4 Then I shall liuvo to re mind you,’ sho said firmly, 4 that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters all their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing my best for you. You seem to forgot that I have children of my own to bo brought up, I counted on your marrying as soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing up a reason able chance.’ It was cruel, but it lmd its effect. Leila turned very white, thou she moved to tho door. 41 will go with you,’ sho said, scarcely above a whisper. The ladies’ prize raeo was the next on tlio programme. Considerable excitement pre vailed among the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila alone sat calm and unmoved among tlio spectators. She did not s-com to hear or see anything, till suddenly thero was a littlo stir and bustle, and murmurs of ‘ Of course ho111 win.’ * He’s suro of tlio race,’ * I feel inclined to congratulate you alroady, Mr. Willoughby, you look so like winning,’ etc. The hero of tlio race took little notice of such like remarks. Ho tnndo his way to Leila and bent low over her. ‘ Which is it to be?’ ho asked. For an instant earth and sky reeled round her, then her brain cleared, and film saw his face, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoke : * Hide to win.’ Tlio words were ho low he could scarcely hear them, but when ho turned away there was a Biniloinh’se/cs. The liorses'and their riders were drawn up in a lino. Leila strained her eves to watch every inovemcntof black and white, Mr. Willoughby’s colours. Mazcppa lidgoted aiul caught at the bit. There was Homo little del a}', then the flag wan dropped ; they were off. At first breathless silence, then growing excitement. The course was u small one, and the raeo was to be run Major Avhurton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a ‘ Thank God!’ as Muzcppti passed the dangerous corner in safety lor the first time. ‘Bine's to the front; no, yellow’s pushing up ; no, that’s Meldon. .Stick to it MeUlou. Willoughby’s passed him. By Jove! lie’s got his work cut out for him with that horse, -low thov’rc neck and nock. Good race. No, Willoughby’s gaining; no, Mcldon; no—by heaven!* A scream from one of the ladies, a general consternation in the grand stand, a sudden cessation of interest in tho race. Charlie Willoughby rode to win, but the providence ho had dared revenged itself on him. Mnzeppa had forced tho hit between his teeth, shied away from tlio course, and, leaping the frail protec tion of a hedge which separated it from tho t>ido of tlio hill, had disappeared with Inn * It was a narrow shave, and no tuiolako/ said Charlie Willoughby, going over tho story for tlio hundredth tirno with his wife the second month of their marriage. * But tho host part of it all was when I knelt, down beside you and would not leave you,’ laughed Leila. *1 shall never forget Major Arlmrton’s face, nor his words next day. when h« told me all was over between us, and that tho best thing I could do, after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry “ that young puppy.” ’ ‘ Xo,' said her husband tenderly; * tho beet part of it all was that I rodo to win, and that I did win—what I moat wanted—my wife,’— bjiuhn lI'orM. 