NIGHT SCENES IN THE SLUMS. BY M. HIRST BROWNE. No. III. Dark shadows lie everywhere in the laby- rinthine alleys. Chinamen glide through the obscurity with their stealthy, cat-like tread, emerging suddenly from mysterious doors and gateways, and disappearing like appari- tions. The denizens of this locality are uneasily moving about all night long. Lights are burning in the dwellings ; female figures are fliting in and out of the houses, in and out of the meeting room. All the dark hours they come and go, as though possessed with the spirit of unrest. Out of the lane into Little Bourke-street we proceed. All is quiet here. Into more lanes and alleys we diverge ; quietude reigns here also, and for the moment it is difficult to realise we are in one of the worst parts of Melbourne, but things are not always what they seem. Workers in the slums state that a great improvement has been worked in these environs since the Salvation Army has planted its standard here, and also that the establishment of a police station not far away has had good effect on the manners and customs of the inhabitants. Stepping up to the door of a tenement to in- quire about a young woman who the worker thinks may he within, a glimpse of male forms is obtained. Upon knocking a young girl of about 16 appears. In reply to the question put, the girl says, " Oh, no ! there is only me and my sister living here." So here are two youthful sisters, the one speaking being little more than a child, who have set up an establishment of their own. And now we are in a narrow street with a Shakspearian name and a very notorious reputation. Our unremitting worker visits several of the dwellings, standing at the en- trances and conversing, the half-opened doors disclosing glimpses, in most cases, of comfortable apartments ; the walls, as usual, well covered with pictures. Frequently the rooms seem clean and neat, and the many women within well dressed. The men in these quarters are heard but not seen. No squalor is visible in this vicinity. Returning down the lane, a youth with a vehicle con- taining a furnace of some kind occupies the middle of the road. The worker stops and speaks to the lad. He at once addresses her with the appellation of " lady." The lane is very dark. It is nearly 2 o'clock in the morn- ing. The instinctive respect of the title adopted in such an hour and place is, to say the least, remarkable. To return to the meeting-hall. The young women for whom the prayer was offered in their adjacent habitation, true to their word, have joined the large company now as- sembled. About 3 o'clock Minnie, of hymn- singing memory, walks in, without hat or bonnet. As when we met her before, she is well and neatly dressed, clean and pleasant- looking. Her gown is of some grey material ; over it she wears a handsome jersey with elabo- rate gold embroidery—the one " loud " point about her. White collar and cuffs are the finishing touches to Minnie's costume. She is a very attractive-looking woman, with fine eyes, pencilled eyebrows, a clear com- plexion, and an expression of much intelli- gence, and yet Minnie—though she does not drink—can smoke as much opium as a man, sometimes getting through six shillings' worth in a day. As she enters she is greeted with, " Oh, we've been wanting you to sing," and she is quickly working through all her favourite tunes. She at once takes the lead as she did before, and keeps it till she departs. The singing is a great magnet to the at- tendants at these meetings. If it flags and is discontinued for long the company is apt to scatter, the restless members wandering out, but as soon as the strains recom- mence the poor creatures flock back again and join in the proceedings. Minnie is looked upon by the police as a dangerous character. She is a clever, capable woman, her natural superiority en- hancing her capacity for evil. During the evening she becomes communicative and narrates a portion of her history. She does not appear to want to hide anything, or to have any reservation in the telling. Having a good command of language in an uneducated way, with fluent words and much animation and gesture, she relates that her parents are respectable people living in a southern suburb. They could not keep her at home. Finally she was sent to the Re- formatory. In speaking of some woman of her acquaintance she calls her " a silly, thoughtless woman," and in mentioning some girls who had visited her she stigmatises them as " bold, foward things," showing she has still, notwithstanding her dis- reputable career, some ghost of an ideal left of the common sense and modesty that should invest her sex. She states that out of 30 girls at the Sunbury Reformatory at the same time as herself everyone is leading a dis- reputable life, and she emphasises the asser- tion by repeating it more than once. After leaving the Reformatory she lived as servant in a clergyman's family, whose name she men- tions, but after a short time she drifted back into her old vicious ways, and her relations " cut " her. After a chequered career, she cast in her lot with a man who, when they were first acquainted, held a somewhat superior appointment in the city, but, through being mixed up in a brawl which took place in Minnie's house, lost his situa- tion, and is now engaged in manual labour. She still lives with him, and in consequence of her comparatively permanent residence with him, she is considered somewhat more respectable by her family, some members of which now visit her. In speaking of this man she says, " He is too kind and lenient to me ; he is infatuated, and lets me have too much of my own way, and that is not good for me. He wants to marry me, but I won't marry him." " Why not?" someone asks. " I don't care enough for him to marry him." "Well, then, why don't you leave him?" " Oh ! I could not do that. I feel that I have ruined his life, and I could not leave him now," is the strange contradictory reply, which, in its very inconsistency, shows that Minnie possesses some fragments of feeling and notions of duty still. Two young things from one of the no- torious houses visited by the worker whose mission in the ways and by-ways we have followed, and whom the latter had inter- viewed in one of the doorstep conferences, now enter the room. Both are nice-looking girls, one especially so. They have graceful figures, clothed in good, well-fitting gar- ments. Scarcely have they seated them- selves when the proprietress of the estab- lishment in which they lodge enters also. This woman generally pays a visit during the evening. She is the same " stout aged sinner " who exerted herself to keep in order the aggressive, beer-and-opium inebriated member of the company described in my former sketch. The motives of her visits are complicated. She comes to find out if any of her girls are present, and to keep an eye on them if they are, and also from some vague personal attraction to the spot, as evinced by her prolonged stay and interest when there. Her face is one of the most forbidding and yet most pitiable the night-tide has cast up to view. Her eyes have a dangerous look, their warning plainly written in their gleam ; her mouth closes in a cruel, hard line, which makes one shudder to see. What a history of stormy passions and all life's worst and basest developments is engraved on those features, and yet, enshrouding her like a pall, is an air of intense, indescribable melancholy and woe. Her body is racked with pain. She avers that her " hell has already begun on earth ;" that she knows the right from the wrong as well as anybody ; but when asked why she does not then do the right, she answers sadly, "Ah ! that's the thing." She is, it is said, putting by a pile of money in order to buy her soul out of purgatory when it shall have reached that searching, inter- mediary state. This miserable creature, al- though reputed to be rich by the profits of her ghastly trade, makes no attempt at personal adornment. Her dress, dotted over with red pomegranates, is shabby and untidy ; her neck is untouched by collar or lace, and her skirts are enveloped in a large, soiled white apron. Even she takes notice of the Quin Ling baby, and suggests to its young mother that it is hungry and requires to be fed. Just now she is sitting with her arms akimbo, joining in the chorus of a hymn, with the remains of what must once have been a magnificent contralto voice. When she leaves in about an hour's time, one of the workers walks home with her. The latter wishes to speak with an inmate of her companion's establishment, whom she has special reasons for seeking out. The proprietress assures the lady her house is shut up for the night, but the seeking one perseveres, and finally accomplishes her end, sees the girl, talks with her, and leaves her weeping. A minister of a suburban church, who sometimes visits and assists at these mid- night meetings, has joined the company. A companion, whose life is much given to slum work, is with him. The two men have occupied the time by addressing earnest and kindly words to the assemblage of women. The latter are not in an attentive mood. They prefer to chatter and exchange gossip at the present time. Only the little eighteen- month old child, running about the room, stopping for a moment, seems to give a listening ear to the voice of the second of the two male visitors, who is just now speaking to them. Finally, in a hopeless tone, as the little one pauses to look at him, he cries, " The child is listening, but you are not," and quickly brings his words to a close, exclaim- ing as he turns away, " They are very hard." With his concluding words a knock sounds at the door of the hall. On being opened, a man's face appears in the outside gloom. " I want to come in," declares the owner of the countenance. He is informed that the meeting is for women only. With fear of larrikins in view the door is hastily closed. In a few minutes the knock is repeated, and the man presents himself again for admission, explaining that he has no where to go, and wants to come in for shel- ter. This time the door is left open, whilst the speaker, who has just discontinued his address to his heedless audience, is called to interview the importunate new comer, who now states he does not know where to find a lodging ; that he arrived from the country four days ago, since which time he had fallen into bad company, been robbed of his watch and chain by women, got into the lock-up, and appeared in the police court, where the fact of his being victimised and robbed was brought to light, the result being the recovery of his lost property. (A strong programme of adventure for a four days' sojourn in the city !) " The case was in the papers ; didn't you see it?" asks the man, who is respectably dressed, but strongly under the influence of drink. Hot coftee is handed to him, and money offered for a bed. The former he accepts, the latter he declines, asserting that he has money, but does not know where to go. His adventures have evidently impressed him with a strong idea that all city lodgings are dangerous. He thinks he will walk about all night. " I've been drinking a good deal," he con- fesses later on, when more sober, " but I'm right now, and I've determined never to touch another drop and turn over a new leaf. It's a long time since I talked to Christian people. When the gentleman said, ' No one was listening but the child,' I was listening at the door." (Here the band of helpers rejoice greatly. " God never lets the seed be lost, though the sower may never know where it strikes root," say they.) " I'm a carter in the country," continues the communicative young man, " but there's no work just now ; so I turned my horse out, and came to Melbourne for a spell. The gentleman who handed me back my stolen watch and chain spoke words that have stuck to me ever since. As he gave it to me, he said, ' Go thy way and sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee." Having fallen among thieves at the outset of his city " spell," he seems quite over- whelmed with the kindness of the Samari- tans he has now as suddenly dropped among. He is advised to return home next day, but the grateful man is desirous of prosecuting his new found friendships, and he instantly announces that he will try to get work for his horse and dray near town, so that he can " come regular to the meetings." He is re- minded again that they are not for men, but he is still strongly seized with the idea that he must live as near to his new friends as possible. " Have you parents here?" ques- tions one who has listened to his story. " No, I've nobody. My mother is in Eng- land ; she is a good woman." "Have you written to her lately?" " No, not for a long time ." " Then you must write at once, that is the first step in the right direction," says good Mrs. —, in her earnest, decisive tones. " Write to her to-morrow." " Yes, I'll write and tell her I'm going to lead a better life." Here the young man withdraws from his pocket a highly-flattered cabinet portrait of himself, taken with a Baxter Bible in his hand, which, he says, he had taken to send home to his parent. Finally, he departs with Mr. —, who thinks he can put him up for the night " To-morrow," says the man of new resolutions, " perhaps you will help me, sir, to write the letter to my mother telling her what has happened." The incident gives rise to a discussion among the workers as to the necessity for having a room and night meeting for men as well as for women. On other occasions men have listened for hours at the windows to the words addressed to the audience within. About 4 o'clock the two residents of the Chinese dens who had carried off the soldier walk in to the hall, and sit down with an innocent air, as though they had forgotten all abont the threat to report their grog-selling misdemeanours ; but that they have not done so is evinced later on, when one of them asks, " Can you go to the home any time in the day as well as the night?" " Yes ; any time up to 10 o'clock," is the reply. " Oh ! well then, I think I'll go there to-morrow to get away from the Police Court." The soldier appears at the door, and looks in ; he is more intoxicated than when we last saw him ; he finally staggers down the lane, and vanishes from sight. Minnie and several of the company stay on till the faint dawn begins to appear creep- ing down the walls into the foul crowded streets and alleys. At 5.30 everything is packed, and again the tired, but never despairing, workers carry away with them one more from out the drink, opium, vice- ridden slums of the city. Martha, who early in the evening decided to return once more to the home, has remained all night, and now prepares to carry out her determination. Before she departs she must obtain a wrap from her residence, whose proprietress we have seen at the meeting. Martha's jacket had previously been sent for, but had been refused by the householder referred to. With Minnie she disappears, determined to obtain her belongings, which she succeeds in doing, and, still true to her resolution, speedily re- turns, Minnie still bearing her company. Whilst the little band move off in the first rays of the rising sun Minnie stands at the bottom of a lane of Shakepearean name, and with graceful gestures bids them all a smiling " good bye," calling after them in her plea- sant manner, which so deceivingly veils her strange unimpressible nature, " I'll come with you some day. Oh, yes, I'll come some day," and then vanishes up the lane. 