ROGERS AND HIS CONTEMPORARIES. Mr. Ciaydcn's pleasant volumes, as their title suggests, aro rather a record of tiie brilliant circle of statcsmon and mon of iotters that for 40 years surrounded tho author of the Flea- surcs of Memory than a personal biography. Through their pagos passes the long pageant of all that wit, beauty and genius mado famous during what were, perhaps, tho two most notablo generations iu English history. Hardly beforo havo two periods, each so varied and so brilliant, been embraced by tlio life of ouo man. No outbursts of fiuo writing, no rhetorical arti fices, arc required to heighten tbo colors or incroaso tho interest of such a pioturo. The mere list of tho men and womon with whom tho poet lived on terms of daily intimacy is sufficient to firo tho imagination of tho loast impression able. But even mora oxtraordinary than tho greatness of tho names aro tho contrasts thoy suggest. Rogers's life bridged tho gulf between our modern world and a bygono ago, and ail tho most characteristic features aliko of tho eighteenth and of tho nineteenth centuries aro crowded into its record. Wo opon tho first of Mr. Claydon's volumes to find how tho sub ject of his memoir, iu the year 1792, spont an ovoning in oompany with Fox, Talleyrand (then Bishop of Autun), Sheridan, Madaino do Genlis and Pamela— soon to become tho wife of tho ill- fated Lord Edward Fitzgerald. Wo turn to tho second, and wo seo Rogers entertaining Dickens *Rogers and his Contemporaries, by P. W. Clay- den. In two vols. Smith, Elder and Co. 1889. and Mr. Gladstone, Thackeray and Lord Tenny son. Rogers, who was 15 when, during the Lord George Gordon riots, London was for days at the mercy of a savage mob, lived to watch the collapse of the Chartist agitation, and to witness the advance of tho world in the arts of civilisation commemorated in the Great Exhibi tion of 1851 The material contrast is, indeed, even stronger thau the intellectual. To a man who so well remembered the time when a decent high road was looked on almost as a miracle and paddle-boats were unheard of it must havo seemed les3 strange to compare the speeches of Pitt and Macaulay than to go to Paris by rail and steamer. _ The scheme of Mr. Clayden's book, which con- sists chiefly of letters to and from Rogers, does not give its readers much opportunity to form any very definite picture, physical or moral, of the pale and cadaverous banker poet, who said tbo Bitterest and did the kindest things of any man in London. The problem of Rogers's life is to reconcilo tho cynical worldling, who declared that he must sayunkind things, because otherwise his weak voice would prevent people hearing what ife said, with the gcncrons friend ovor ready to help a brother poet in distress ; and to explain how it happened that the kind old man who liked nothing so well as to arrange a Twelfth Night party for children did not hesitate to nso words which did not merely inflict a temporary wound, but too often " bit into the live man's flesh for parchment," and left the wretched victim to go "rankingly" through the world with a sense of cruel injury. Bnt, though no adequate solution of tho diffi culty is afforded by Mr. Clayden, his records of both the gall and wormwood in Rogers's talk a_id of the kindness in his deeds, are ample enough. Here is a string of bitter things whioh the biographer attempts in somo measure to palliate : — " One of tho most common stories, stillquoted by liis detraotors, is that of an observation he made to Madame de Stacl about Campbell in Campbell's early days — ' How sorry I am for Campbell,' said Madame de .Stacl to Rogers ; ' his poverty so unsettles his mind that he can not write,' Rogers replied,. 'Why doesn't he take a situation as a clerk ; he could then com poso verso3 during his leisure hours.' She thought tho remark cruel, and it is constantly paraded as a proof of Rogers's coldness of heart But the course he recommended for another was just what Rogers had taken himself. In his own youth lie was a banker's clerk, busy every day iu his father's bank from 10 to 5, and writ ing his verses at home at night. This is how The Pleasures of Memory was written. ' "What Campbell himself thought of Rogers's hardnoss, and how contrary his experience of him was, the letters in a former chapter show. When somebody remarked, in Campbell's hearing, that Rogers said sxiiteful things, ' Borrow £500 oi him,' replied Campbell, 'and lie will never say a word against you till you want to repay hiin.' Campbell, as wo have seen, did borrow £500 of him and repaid it, and Rogers's comment wa3 that when Campbell brought back tho money- aud insisted on replaying it, 1 1 knew that he was every day pressed for small sunu.' Rogers said bitter tilings in sooiety ; in private lie was always saying kind things and doing generous: things. Mooro illustrates this contrast by a remark'in his diary in 1832. Rogers and he walked home together one ovoning from a din ner at Lord .Essex's; and, says Moore, 'the dif ference there is between him thus tStc-ii-tetc and wlieu iu society was never more striking ; he both amused himself and me, and laughed at something I said like a boy.' " "Turner's biographer tells us that Turner and Rogers got on very well together, though Rogers did not spare him. Ho was one day ad miring a beautiful table in Turner's room. It was wonderful, he said; 'but,' he added, 'how muoh more wonderful it would be to soo any of liis friends sitting round it.' Ho was ono of Turner's earliest admirers. 'Ah,' he would say, looking through liis telescoped hand, 'there's a beautiful thing, and the figures too— one of them with his hand on the horse's tail, not that I can make thorn out though.' Landseor heard that he had expressed his admiration for the picture of a Newfoundland dog, called, Portrait of a Distinguished Member of tho Royal Hu mane Society, and he expressed to Itagors his gratification. 'Yes, 'said Rogers, 'I thought tho ring of the dog's collar well painted.' Ho was one day looking at the early pages of a presen tation copy of a new book. ' Is that the con tents you aro looking at ? ' asked tho author, who had just given it to him. 'No, the discontents,' answered Rogers, pointing to tho list of sub scribers. Ho wU3 hardest, perhaps, on men who flattered him in order that they might pose in society as his friends, One of theso persisted iu trying to walk home with liiin ono night from an evening party. Rogers had alroady put his arm into that of Mr. Hay ward, whom he wished to accompany him, and the sycophant mado the excuso for joining them that he did not liko walking alone. 'I should havo thought, sir,' said Rogers, ' that 110 ono was so well satisfied with your company as yourself.' " Though Rogers was by no means a woman hater, some of his bit terest sayings were reserved for the gentler sjx, Ono of theso, quoted by" Mr. Clayden, is well worth remombering. Ono day Lady Davy, with whom Rogers was always at war, exclaimed across tho dinner tablo, "Mr. Rogers, I am sure you are talking against mo." "Lady Davy," answered Rogers, "I pass my life iu defending you." Almost as good was liis way of describing how a certain member of Parliament, who had beon captured by brigands, but then set free, owed his releaso to his wife. " Thoy wanted to carry off P to tlio moun tains, but alio flung her arms round liis neck, and rather than tako her with them thoy let liim go." There was something, doubtless, especially piquant to tho story toller iu turning the poor woman's aot of heroism against herself. Rogers, however, did not by any means x>osscss a mono poly for saying rudo things. Tile men whom ho attacked often rcxraid him in kind. Tho following retorts are nil excellent, in spito of the fact that most of them turn on Rogers's personal appcarauco. Tho mot attributed to Lord Alvanloy — "tbo bloated buffoon" of O'Conuoll's famou.s rox>artce— is pcrhaxis the funniest : — "There were constant jokes at his appear ance — Iris countenance always being singularly pale, and iu mora advanced years cadavorous aud wrinkled. Ono day, when he had boon visiting tho Catacombs with a party of friends, Rogors emerged last. 'Good-bye, Rogers, 'said LordDudloy, shaking his hand, and ovorybody understood tho joke. Sidney Smith jocosoly ad vised him, iu having his portrait taken, to be drawn saying his prayers with his faeo in his hands. Lord Alvanloy asked him why, as lie oonld afford it, ho did not sot up kishcarsa ; and tho story used to bo told that on hailing a cab in St. Taul's Churoliyard tbo affrighted cabman bad exclaimed, ' No, not you,' and had taken him for a ghost. Another story was that Rogers, tolling "Ward that a watering place to whioh he had gono was so full that ho could not find a bed, Wnrdroiilied, 'Dear mo, was thcronoroom in tho churchyard V " Though tho present volumes includo a large number of letters hy Rogers never before pub lished, it cannot bo said that thoy add much to his fame as a literary man. Thoy contain little that is romarkablc, either in good stories, des criptions of scenory, characters of famous men and -women or oritioisms of literature and art. SVhothor it was that tho poet, with his usual prudence, did not like to trust his good things to the post, or "whether he was merely too lazy to write as well as he talked, the fact remains that the man whose position in the world gave him the opportunity of becoming a second Horace "Walpole proved always a very indiffer ent correspondent. Far better letters have been written by men living in comparative obscurity and of greatly inferior gifts. Perhaps the most amusing of the collection is one written to his sister, from Paris, in IBIS, which des cribes the somewhat barbarous manner in which the spoils of Europe, with which Napoleon had adorned his capital, were returned to their rightful owners. The story of 44 the small Cor- reggios and Raphaels,' distributed by the British officers among their wives, though doubtless a fiction, is a curious piece of contem porary scandal. The removal of the famous bronze horses taken by Constantino from Rome to the Bospliorus, which the Venetians cap tured and set up in the outside gallery of St. Mark's, and which Napoleon finally carried "to Paris to add to his museum of national trophies — including the bears out of the bear pit at Berne and the Holy Grail of tho Arthurian legends stolen from Genoa— seems, oddly enough, tb have caused more sorrow to the Parisians than anything else. The passage runs as follows : — 44 With regard to the gallery, a subject I don't like to begin upon, it is now only full of picture frames and pedestals, and the swnllows are literally on the wing there. . . . The French are said to show no feeling ; but the melancholy groups assembled for sonic days before the Venetian horses — till our engineers took< them down (for the Austrians did not know how— and those afterwards round the column with the same sad presentiment, would have affected you not a little. The English are very unpopular ; a caricature is in circulation of Wellington, with large moustaches and a stern countenance, underwritten 'M. Blucher,' and it is everywhere said that our officers in the gallery presented their ladies publicly with imall Corrcggios and Raphaels, a tale we con tradict to no purpose. Denon has resigned, Jnd when I called upon him the other day I found him in a condition that overcame me. I jaw Canova out in the open street with the Transfiguration, ' the 4 St. Jerome' of Domeni- chino and two other Raphaels, half supported in the dirt, and at a loss how to marshal the Austrian soldiers who were to transport them on their heads, uncovered, to the barrack, where I have been two or three times, and which is a terrible scene of confusion. 44 The liorscs went by our windows, one by one, in. as many carts, uncovered, like dead horses, and the people stood at the doors to see them pas3 by. It is very strange to see an Eug- lish guard in the Palais Royal and English soldiers strolling in every street. One poor fellow in a jacket accosted me the othor day in & Babylonish dialect perfectly unintelligible ; at last I said .in despair, 'Arc you an English man? 4 Thank God, I am, sir,' ho auswered very briskly." As another specimen of Rogers's style may be quoted the descrixition in his Diary of the Temple of Piestum. Though there is a certain touch of distinction about the writing, the defect conspicuous in his verses is strikingly apparent ; a labored and passionless artifi ciality, which renders him always cold and lifeless. Just as his poetry is little but the apotheosis of the Prize Poem, so his prose is only clever and carefully elaborated English composition. 44 The Temples are in a plain, on three sides &hut; in by mountains and on the fourth open to the sea, and the sea itself half shut in by them, by the promontory of Sorrcutura, within which are the isles of the Sirens. A magnificent theatre worthy of such objects ; the columns almost bare, broken and of an iron brown, like iron rust ; the floor green with moss and herbage ; the columns and cornices of the richest tints aud climbed by the green lizards that fly. into a thousand chinks and crevices at your approach ; tho snail adheres to them, the butterfly flutters among them,' and the kite is sailing over them ; fluted fragments of columns and moulded cornices among briaffc strew the middle space between the temple and the basilica, and no noise is heard but the rustling of the lizards or the grazing of the silver-grey ox just relieved from the plough. Many twice- blowing roses here, not now in bloom ; innumer able violets in bloom among tho fragments, the air sweet with them. . . . How many suns have risen from behind the mountains and set in the Tyrrhene sea, throwing these gigantic shadows across the green floor, since in these temples gods were worshipped ! Is it true that they remained buried for ages in the night of woods till a young Iiuuter or a shepherd fell in with them ? "Was it on such an evening as this, the sun's disc just shining through them ? Now the sea breeze and the mountain breeze sweep through them. Now the fisherman of Salerno, as he passes, sees them standing on the desert 'plains, under the mountains, and pilgrims visit them from tlm corners of the earth. The little towns (Capaccio old and new), that hang upon the mountains like an eagle's eyrie, look down always upon them. Still is the Bolitude awful from the vastness and grandeur of the theatre." If we turn from Rogers's own share in the present book to that which belongs to his chief correspondents, we shall find matter far more entertaining. Many of these contributions to the work are valuable additions to the literature of letter writing. Byron's correspondence with Rogers, though exceedingly attractive, has for the most part been published before, "Wo pre fer to quote the following delightful passages from a letter written from Genoa by C)mrie3 Dickens. The account of the Marriage Brokers is in tile great novelist's happiest vein : — "We have been greatly concerned to hear through Mr. Forster of your having been un well, and seriously so. But- hearing from the samo source that you had recovered, we were, like the town Ladies in tho Vicar of Wakefield (with a small difference in respect of sincerity), extremely glad again, and to the end that we may not be made sorry once more by any flying rumors that may shape their course this way, we entreat you to let us know, under your own hand, that you are in aa good health, heart and spirits as we would have you. Believe me, dear friend, you need not desire to be in better con dition than that. .... Wo aro living very quietly out here, close to the son shore. I have taken a very commodious and spacious apartment in the Palazzo Peschiero for tho next six months. Do you know that palace 1 It is splendidly situated, in the midst of beautiful gardens, and on the side of a steep hill. The grounds being open to the public for their re creation, I may say of it, altering thrco words of yours — 'Tis in tho heart of Genoa (lie who comes Bhould come on foot), and in a place of stir ; Men on their daily pleasure, early and late, Thronging its very threshold. "I wish you would coma and pluck an orange from the trco at Christmas timo. You should walk on tho terrace as early in the morning as you pleased, and there aro bravo breezy places in the neighborhood to which you could transfer those stalwart bvoadstairs walks of yours, and hear tho sea, too, roaring in your cars. 1 could show you an old chest in ft dis used room upstairs where Gincvra's sister may have hidden— alas, she was an only child ! But whero she might have hidden, had she ever lived and died, and left h?r memory to you. Come and seo it. ...» Do you know of the Afarriaye Brokers among the Genosc? Soratimes they are old women— queer old women, who are always presenting themselves mysteriously at unexpected times, like their sisterhood in the Ara&iVm; Rights But there are men brokers — shrewd, hard, thorough-paced men of business. They keep formal registers of marriageable young gentlemen and marriage able young ladies ; and when they find a very good match on their books — or rather, when one of these gentry docs— he goes to the young lady's father, and says, 4Signore, you have a daughter to dispose of?' 4 1 have,' says the father. 4 And you will give her,' says the broker, 4 50,000 francs ?' 4 On fair terms,' replies the father. 'Signore,' says the broker, 4 1 know a young gentleman with 50,000 francs embarked in busiue??, who will take 50,000 francs and the clothes.' . 'Clothes to what value?' asks the father. 4 Clothes to the value of 500 francs,' says the broker, 'and a gold watch. She must have a gold watch. 4 His terms are too high,' says the father. 4 My daugh ter hasn't got a gold watch.' 4 But, Signore, she has a cast in her eye,' says the broker ; 4 and a cast in the eye is cheap at a gold watch.' 4 Say clothes worth 250 francs,' retorts the father, 'and a silver bracelet. I admit the cast in the eye, and will throw in the bracelet ; though it is too much.' '"VVe couldn't doit, Signore,' says the broker, ' under ft gold watch. The young gentleman might have done better in his last negotiation; but he stood out for a watch. Be sides, Signore, as a fair dealing man, you must make some allowance for the ankles ; which,' says tho broker, referring to his books, 'are thick. If I did rigid justice to my employer, Signore, and hadn't a personal regard for you, I should require 150 francs at least for each leg. ' On such terms the bargain is discussed and the balance struck ; and the young people don't see each other until it is all settled. "In short, it's very like the system of our own dear dowagers at home ; except that the broker boldly calls himself a marriage broker, and has his regular percentage on the fortune, which some of our own revered merchants in such wares wouldn't object to, I dare say. I should like to start somebody I know at Fulhnm in business on those terms." Italy seemed to have made Rogers's correspon dents prolific. Besides the example just quoted there is an equally charming and equally charac teristic letter from Mr. Ruskin, written from Venice in the forties. The description of the Venetian bankers is well worth quoting : — " I don't know when I have envied anybody more than I did the other day the directors and clerks of the Zecca. There they sit, at inky deal desks, counting out rolls of money, and curiously weighing the irregular and battered coinage of which Venice boasts ; and just over their heads, occupying the placo which in a London counting house would be oc cupied by the commercial almanack, a glorious Bonifazio— Solomon and the Queen of Sheba ; and in a less honorable corner three old directors of the Zecca, very mercantile looking men indeed, counting money also, like the living one9, only a little more living, painted by Tintoret, not to speak of the scattered Palma Vecchios, and a lovely Benedetto Diana, which no one ever looks at. I wonder when the Euro pean mind will again awake to tho great fact that a noble picture was not painted to be hung, but to be seen. I only saw these by accident, having been detained in Venice by some obliging person, who abstracted some property . . . and brought me thereby into various relations with the respectable body of pcoplo who live at the wroug end of the Bridge of Sighs— the police, whom, in spite of traditions of terror, I would very willingly have changed for some of those, their predecessors, whom you have honored by a note in tho Italy The present police appear to act on exactly contrary prin ciples ; yours found the purso and banishea the loser; these dorCt find the jewels, and won't let mc go away. I am afraid no punishment is appointed in Venetian law for pcoplo who steal time." To give an adequate notion in the space at our disposal of all tho good things scattered up and down Mr. Claydciris volumes would be im possible. We must, however, on no account forget to notice some of the excellent sayings of Home Toolce which have been put together in the account of Rogers's intimacy with the Radical philologist. That his power of repartee was almost as great as that of Talleyrand is amply proved by tho following extract : — " Tooke is remembered rather for his poli tical associations than for his literary achieve ments. His best sayings have been immortalised by Rogers in his incomparable volume of Recol lections, Some of these sayings have become current coin. For example, 'There are men who pretend that they come into the world booted and spurred to ride you.' 'Pieces of money are so many tickets for sheep, oxen, Arc.' 4 When a pension is given, or a salary, a draft is issued on the tiller of the soil.' '.So I under stand, Sir. Tooke, that you have all the black guards in London with you? said O'Brien to him on the hustings at Westminster. 4 1 am happy to have it, sir, on such good authority,' replied Tooke. When Judge Ashurst said in one of his charges, 4 The law is open to all men, to the poor as well as the rich,' Tooke remarked, 'And so is the London Tavern.' Lord Gray said to him, 'If I was compelled to make a choice, I should prefer despotism to anarchy.' 'Then you would do,' replied Tooke, as your ancestors did at the Reformation ; they rejected Purgatory and kept Hell.' Tooko's political notoriety as an opponent of the Government brought mm much annoyance. Rogers went with him one night to Brandenburgh House to private theai ricals, aud somebody behind them said, loud enough for Tooke to hear, 4 There's that rascal, Homo Tooke.' Tooke allowed his aunoyancc and went home, Rogers going with him, and sitting up very late to listen to his talk. He met with similar insults in coffee houses. Ono of his sayings was that, when bad times came, he should go to his garret window and take no part in them but that of a looker on. 'When the surgeons aro called in, the physician retires.'" If there is anything to regret in a work which is sure to afford pleasure and entertainment to a largo circle of readers, it is that no more definite attempt has been made to ro-create for the pre sent generation Rogers's surroundings at St. JamesVplace. A detailed description of the memorable breakfast room, and of the art trea sures which filled the house, would have been welcome. As it is, the general impression gathered from Mr. Clayden's pages is vngno and unsubstantial. Tho nearest approach to a de scription is that given in ono of Ticknor's letters, which runs as follows : — 44 1 breakfasted with Rogers yesterday. There was nobody thero but Moore. Wo aro all on tho most friendly and familiar terms possible ; and Moore, who i«, Rogers tells ine, excessively pleated with my review of his book, showed mc very marked attcntiou. I was forced to go away early on account of bankrupt business, but Rogers said that wo must havo the talk out ; bo we arc to meet at his house again to breakfast. "What a delightful house it is ! It looks out on the Green Bark just at the most pleasant point. The furniture has been selected with a delicacy of tasto quite uuique. Its value does not depend on fashion, but must bo tho samo while tho fine arts aro held in nny esteem. In the drawingroom, for example, tho I chimney-pieces arc carved by Fiaxman into the most lieautiful Grecian forinn. The book case is painted by fttothard, in his very best manner with group3 from Chaucer, Shakspeare and Boccaccio. The pictures are not numerous, but- every one is excellent. In the diningroora there are also some beautiful paintings. But the three most remarkable objects in that room aic, , I think, a cast of Pope taken after death by Roubilliac; a noblo model in terra cotta by Michael Angelo, from which he afterwards made ono of his. finest statues, that of Lorenzo de Modici ; and; lastly, a mahogany table, on which stands on antique vase." The account thus given, though striding so far as it goes, hardly does more than stimulate our curiosity. But the defect complained of is a slight one, and may well be pardoned in an editor who has bestowed so delightful a gift on the public as Rogers and his Contemporaries. Not only will the work be welcomed by all those who derive pleasure from good stories and smart sayings, but by the smaller class which desires authentic information as to the live9 of the artists and men of letters of the last genera? tion. — Standard. 