CAMPAIGNING MEMO RIES. WRITTEN FOR "THE ADVERTISER" BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. Enough happens every day in the life of the least observant and adventurous to occupy a week in recital, and in a year's campaigning, where life moves at its laiJae?t possible ate, and where enough exdte^nt for a month is crowded into a minute, .there lies more matter of Interest than any *£•** could put on paper If he 11 ved to be a In^dred. The only difficulty is In the questloC of selection. I have not seen a shot fired Jn anger for this last 13 years, but there is suvcely an incident of the Russo-Torklsh campaign- which is not as clearly present to my uilud to-day as it was within an hour of its occiirrenee. It happens, too, that within this last month or so I have been refreshing memory rather copiously by talking over the Incidents of the campaign with two men, who from their respective sides saw most of It—Dr. Charles Ryan, of Melbourne, and Mr. Kinnaird Rose, the editor of the Brisbane Courier. When 1 was in Brisbane the other day I reminded tie latter of a very curious experience which came to me through him. He was representing the Scotsman on the Russian side, whilst on theToridsh aide I was working both for the Scotsman and the London Times. Rose was wounded in the ankle by a rifle bullet, and the news got down country that the correspondent of the jScofoium had been hit. It travelled frommouth to mouth, and was exaggerated as It went, until in Constantinople it was related that the Scotsman's representative had been killed. Then the statement grew into detail, and It appeared that the unfortunate too-adventurous youth had been Bhot In the act of surveying the enemy's position from a Turkish earth woik, and had fallen back stone dead with bis field-glasses In bis hand. When things bad reached this pare it was found necessary to "provide a nsme for the defunct, and since £ was the only correspondent of the /Scotsman on that side—there was another, I believe, In Asia Minor with the Turks —it was not unnatural that my name was chosen. So the news was flashed borne by wire that poor Christie Murray had come to a finish, and had fallen a victim to his own temerity. An Imaginative artist drew a picture of the fatal scene, and sent it borne, where it was engraved and printed. I read my own obituary notice in the papers, and learned that It was a pity that so promising a young man should be cut off in the flower of his youth. One of these days there will be obituary notices which I shall not read, and I cannot laugh at the episode now as I did at the tune, but it was a curious thing to happen, and not one that falls to every man's expe rience. I remember very well when I got home after that terrible campaign that I had a conversation, very interesting to myself, with Archibald Forbes. I cannot tell this stray without offering a confession. I never knew from start to finish, and Ido not know now, whether In moments of danger I felt like a brave man or a coward. I know that I never ran away, or disgraced myself, but 1 know that I always felt as if I should have liked to ran away. 1 know that to be under fire was always a most comfortless and ner vous experience, and I never felt a touch of that thrill of battle and that glorious sense of risk and excitement about which It Is so easy to write and talk. Lots of men talked of it In my hearing. I have heard from their own lips that they re joiced in danger and had known nothing so glorious as .the excitement of being shelled at. How all this made me feel particularly small, and I listened to It with a sense of growing self-depredation. It was a thing I scarcely Uked to talk about, lest by my confession I should bring disgrace upon myeelf. Bnt at last one evening, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in the Strand and resolved to take the bull by the horns. Forbes, as all the world know*, has gone through nearly, if not quite, a score of wars, big and little. He saw the awful straggle between France and Germany, and distinguished himself there by an undaunted courage and an extraordi nary resource. An iron man of indomitable mood, and beyond that, my friend, and one 1 felt I could confide in. I made no eecret of my own feelings In the hour of battle, but I reported to him the glowing speeches of the heroes I had so newly bidden good night to. *' You go back to 'em, young on," said Forbes, tapping me on the chest with an extended forefinger, " You go back to 'em and tell 'em with my compliments—Archibald Forties's compliments, that they're liars—Uars 1" I am free to confess that that dictum soothed me, and that after lb I began to hold my head up once again and to think that perhaps after all a good many people might have experienced those emotions of discomfort and distress which I had thooght personal to myself, and may yet have done their duty. 1 have to admit that I bbw some dare devil valor which made that theory of the enjoymtnt of danger sound credible enough. Here, for instance, is a fact which I should have some hesitation In relating on my own responsibility solely, bnt there are a score of trustworthy men alive who will bear me out In It. Poor Cawpbell—"Shlpka" Campbell as we called him, and as the world remembers him now—was one of the heroes of the foolish desperate escapade. He fell on Secocoeni's Height, leading the black contingent there, under Sir Garnet Wobeley some yean later, and no more gallant, whole-hearted, generous gentleman was ever struck down in battle. Francis Francis, hia companion on many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his baok, "War and ■Wanderings," and spoke of him as " a man who loved danger and knew not fear." - Captain Tiburce Morrissot, of the Tioblemes Chasseurs, was Campbell's companion In the hair-brained scrape. The two were at Rustchnk together, and the Russians from the opposite aide of the Danube were shelling the fortifications. There was nothing for either the English man or Frenchman to do, and the place was utterly without means of distraction or amusement. So one day—"lt la par ticularly dull here," say« the small Gaol to his companion, " let na find something to do. Let as go and sit up on the fortifi cation and be shelled at" Now I don't auppoae fora moment that the little bantam of a man—l have ha daring handsome face before me at this Instant—meant this proposition to "be taken seriously, or that it was anything more than a dreary joke, borne ont of the unutterable ennui In which he lived ; but Campbell, no donbt with jocular intention also, offered a languid auent. The Gallic bantam, what ever be may have thought about it, took the thing flu grand scrievs, lit up his cigarette, and led the way. Campbell followed, and It Is an actual fact that the pate of them eat down under fire on the face of the fortification at a little distance frcm each other nntil a Russian shell burst between them.. Then one or the other suggested that he had had enough, and hie companion agreeing with him they left the field aid went back Into the town un seat btd. The ttoiy leaked out somehow, at d 1 think that each was a little ashamed ot himself. It was a ailly schoolboy piece of daring, but it showed a scorn for danger of which both men made a far better one later on. I bare never been able to look on Rorola m being anything bat an essentially barbarous Power, and most people who know Turkey will place her, -whether a little higher or a little loiror does not greatly matter, In the same otto gory. In the war between them, for the tint time In the history of the world, two ODcivUltcd forces met in a deadly ateoggla with all the appliances of civilisation In the hands of either. They had nfhnjv at command, and (he electric wire, and the latest pattern of siege-shell, and the latest Invention* of destructive sctenae generally. The Circassians, I remember, were armed with the Remington repeat ing rifle. £ never bettered or saw any reason to believe In the atoriea that wen sometimes told abont the villainous eon dnct of the regulars on the one aide or the other, bat on the Russian aide the Cos sacks, and on the Turkish the Tchlrkasses, the BasM?jauouks ard Zalbecks, the Emyrinotes and TrJpolltes, literally played the devil. Especially on the Uttoman side horrora were enacted which are beyocd the power of tongue to tell or pen to write. There Is no good purpose to serve now in renewing the memory of those hideous details, unless It were in the hope of teaching men to bate war, as I learned to hate it In the course of that horrible year. An ArmanUn gentleman with whom I travelled by train one day put the thug In a nutshell. "Cc riest pas une guerre; c'ett Textermvnation <P une race!" Slight after night on the borders of that fair rose country which lies nestled round Kesandlyk, under the atern splendors of the Balkan HUIs, the horizon was red with (he fires of burning villages and townships. I saw with these tjea 1,200 mutilated dead, men, women, and children, lying In a vineyard bard by Kesandlyk, every one foully murdered and shamelessly maltreated after death- I went through towns which bad held prosper ous and industrious peoples, when not a roof remained, and streets and gardens aid smouldering ruins were left to the sole guardianship of the dismembered dead. So much one dare say, but of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial lust of cruelty, the ingenious devilry of wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which "^oft^^ fon sense and harrowed the heart, until st last an absolute indifference took the place of outraged shame and weary pity—of these things I dare not and 1 will not apeak. Many and many a time I nave wondered since that any creature bom of woman should find it In his heart to unloose war's ban-dogs. The peace party used to be tneered at as men who wished for peace at any price. The taunt was not de> served, and it Is not improbable that John Bright himself might have shown a new edition of the fighting Quaker In a righteous cause; but it is hard to find anything which justifies a re sort to to fearful an Implement as war. The folks who stay at home know nothing of it. The troops march out with swords and bayonets flashing in the light, with banners flying and bogles blaring, and the crowd huzzas. Or the victorious force comes home crowned with glory, and a whole populace goes wild with the noise of its own ap plause. In the time that goes between we read of daring acts of courage, and warm our blood with the thought that our countrymen are displaying all the qualities which have given the race the crown of Empire half the wide wodd over. But who reads between the lines, and knows the squalid degraded bestial thing war is % Only the man whose own eyes have beheld It. I have had hundreds of enquiries, both at home and here, v to the truth of *' The Story of Mr, King." The hero of the tale* died In Philadelphia a year or two after the close of the campaign* His nsme was Wheale, and though he was no more a doctor than 1 am he -was on the medical ataff at Orkhania, where he was engaged as a dresser in the hospital. Nobody had any great respect for him, or thought him likely to distinguish Jitmffnif for courage and devo tion, bnt sitting one afternoon In a hat where he had charge of two wounded women, one of whom had just succumbed to her Injuries, ha found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presented*to him, and took It like the plucky little fankee that he was. A Circassian broke In at the door with a drawn sword In his hand, and made for the rode bed on which little Wbesle'e charge was laid. The black guard spoke a word or two of.EngUsh, and there was a brief parley between him and the American, which ended, when fche cavage's murderous meaning was made evident, by Wheale's snatching up a dis taff that lay ha&dy; and knocking htm summarily on the head with it. The Turkish regulars had bolted, the Boaslsn army was marchfog on tie town, bat had not yet reached It, and the Circassian was plajlng his own unfailing Intermediary game of loot and rape Mid murder. When the Yankee soi duant medico got outaide the hnt he found two or three hundred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were josfc as willing at they were able to Battle his affairs finally, he opened out upon them with such a tirade of wrathful abuse that they recoiled before him, and the leader of the gang, after a woid or two in his own language, with drew bis associated rascals and left little Wheale master of the field. When he was questioned afterwards as to how he had performed this surprising feat, faejuid with some naiviti that he had laid himself ont to curse and swear, and he rather "kalkaiatedthat he made them garages think that bell was open. X guess," he added, "that they took me for some kind of White man's Pasha— supposed I was an English dnke, I fancy." He was a per son we hadhitherto reckoned of no account at all, but when he joined the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge in safely with him, his reception y?^ff f?in^ very shy. It is likely enough that that sensation was strange to him, but he told as with unnecessary vehemence of phrase that he knew he had behaved absurdly, but under ■JmiTw circumstances would do again precisely what he had done. One of the most noteworthy things which came before me was the stoleUm, or at least the outer Imperturbability with which men vent to execution In those days. In Tatar-Hazard jik and In Sofia foe a considerable space of days the average number of men hanged before breakfast iru 17. I forget nor how long that dismal Saturnalia lasted, but I suppose there could hardly have been fewer than SCO executions. The military comman dant had rare pickings In those times. If a Bulgarian had anything irorth confiscating It was the easiest thing In the world to denounce him as a traitor to the Ottoman inle, to string him op and to Impound hia belongings- There was nobody to offer an objection unless It were a handful of weep ing women and children, and they ware always easily to be chased at the expendi ture of the merest trifle In the way of wearing out whipcord and a mouthful of Turkish objurgations. I was travelling on a burning cummer day, when V nt ceated Id a row, at some little distsr.ee from the railway-station at which the train had halted, about 25 or i.O Bulgarian peasants. They were tied together elbow to elbow, and wen eating their midday meal with a remarkable awkwardness of movement. When a man raked his right hand to his mouth hla neighbor's left had to go with It, and U waa this singularity of movement which tint drew my attention to the party. The train stopped for some considerable time to take in wood and water, and whilst my travelling companion and I watched the Uue of atolid feeders a little knot of Totlcith police were at work strapping together three slim poles, which they finally elevated Into a tripod. Then having hnng upon the poles to test their stability, an officer in charge gave a word or two In a tone of indifferent custom, one of the end men waa cut free from the line, a written placard was fastened on his breast, ar.d a iope being produced, the man waa banged upon the tripod with no more ado than If he had been a dog. He had been eating the moment before, and Us cop. panloni,wlthnowandthenasideloagglanoa across tie shoulder to where he kicked and swnng, wentoneattngatDL Whentheeugtne vsa once more ready to take u« on the man was qnlte dead and- stUl, ana the Una of ptbocers and their escort were raialog •> clond of doat as they plodded aocchcard along the sun-smitten Sill side highway. I saw the band anin more than once* and •a each ooaasTon Its numbers were dbnJnUhed. The wretched Christiana wen being marched from village to vil lage, and executed haphazard hen and there, ostensibly as a warning against sym path* with the Muscovite Invader. I met the last of the gang at Guemlik, and he was sitting by the side of a fin with Us guard*, and was chatting with them in what seemed a perfectly friendly inter course. I learned afterwards that the hapless wretch had >been brought back after hundreds of miles of travel Jso his native village, and that having been freed of his bonds he had supposed himself about to be set at liberty. Somebody suddenly touched him on the shouMsr, said "Gel, Ivan," which, being Interpreted, signifies " Oome John," and John com obediently and was led towards his own cottage, smiling and chattering all the way. I followed to see what would happen. A soldier pausing at tin door began to work away with the point of his bayonet in the mud of tke wall above f-e door jamb. Then a rope with a noose f- the end of it came from somewhere, ? d the man who had given the order Some minutes before repeated it, " Gel, Ivan." The smile the man's face had worn was frozen Into a contortion of tine ghast liest terror. He clasped his hands together piteously, and burst into tears and waitings. Of all the many whom I saw die that dog's death in Boumelia and Bulgaria he was the only man who did not meet It with a seeming stolid Indifference. Bnt he was taken unawares, and had been allowed to think that all his. troubles were over, and that he was a free man again. Be had been permitted to believe that this object of the walk he took was to reinstate him In his home. Amongst other familiar figures I recall b that of one Goldstein, a tailor and habeidaiher in Adrlanople. Goldstein had started In life as a German, bat had come to be a very polyglot and citizen of the world. He had been through the Crimean war, employed In I forget what capacity by General Wyndham, and was currently known as Wyndham'a Goldstein. In reward for hii awvioe* he wm allowed to open a canteen, and made what was for him quite a handsome little competency out of It. With this he set up In business In AdrJanople, and prospered mightily, so that when I met him he was a merchant of great consideration. He was a fat round ball of a man, but surprisingly ac tive for his build and as full of fight as a bulldog. When the irregulars came up Into the town they frightened everybody with the colltary exception of old Gold stein. One day whilst the terror was at Its height, and when nine out of every ten shops were dosed because of the almost universal panic, one coffee-oolorod bandy-legged roysterer with a hat three feet high and a leathern bellyband crammed full of lethal weapons, swaggered into Goldstein's establish ment and demanded to know the price of something. He clutched at the article he wasted, and threw out the monosyllable "Hatch," which means 41 How much!" Goldstein, who himself stood at the receipt of custom that mom bg, told him the price. The savage offered a quarter of the turn, but Gold stein Hnratnrt his original demand. Then the Zelbeck offered half with the same re suit, Finally he drew his sword and flourished it over the counter "at the peaceful tradesman, threatening to have Ma blood if the price were not abated. Thereupon the fat man unexpectedly vaulted the counter, seizing an Iron yard measure In the act, and fell upon the savage with so vigorous an onslaught that he drove him from the shop, and In the end cbewfcd Urn the whole length of the bazaar. Onlookers at the scene described It to me as being Indescribably comic. The nan of war, laden with murderous knives and the pistols with which his —wt" bad stormed Genoa, ran for bis life and bellowed like a bull calf, the burly tailor following, yard measure In fat halffthe languages of the East. I asked the valiant tailor if the story were true, and he answered, " Dos vos so." Them fa human nature even In the Zel beck. I came across one fellow whom, I bad very good reason to believe, was steeped to the very lips In murderous outrage, and he was sitting on a doorstep dissolved in tears. Being questioned as to the reason of his distress, he pointed to a woman and a ?MM fa <Ju? near distance. He said, with no nwucane honU, that they t""1"^"^ him of hla own wife and child far away in hla native mountains, and I nave no doubt that he had a very sincere afiectlon for them and supposed himself to be dome good service to the Padlaha In exterminating his Christian enemies. The absolute contempt they entertained for the Giaour, the outside Infidel who has no part In the scheme of Mahomet, must be seen to be believed. My interpreter and I were riding one day into Fhflnpopolla when we passed abraoeof themmans, whoscowiedatusaathey jogged by. "Giaour vanna?" nyi one. "Is that a Christian?' "Var Giaour I" says the other, "It la a Christian!" They turned In their saddles and spat after me with an execration which I suppose I was none the lex happy not to understand. They gave us excellent fan sometimes, at when on the northern match we en countered a body of them who had looted some Bulgarian village. One fellow had a sewing machine on bis saddle before him, and jfrMMrffl that trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my Interpreter to ask him if he knew at which end it went ofi^ and at this query he hurled the machine Into a wayside pond and rode away aa If to break his neck. We came boom a chum of hU an hoar or two later the tame day. He, it appeared, had been robMsgaGreek Church, and for his share of the loot had brought away a gOt candle stick Bor 9 feet long. He invited me to taste the metal to assure myself It was. gold, and was unshakable In his belief that It was solid. He was Indeed so wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute the point with him. Them was a third of the tribe who afforded for oar observation quite a drama of greed and canning and rage. He had robbed a Spanish Jew of his coat, and had done It In mere wantonness, the garment to all teeming being not worth a sixpence. Bat tie Hebrew refused to be spoiled without a protest, and followed the march for days, scheming to get his coat back. If It had not been for this persistence the thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away the garment long before, for It was altogether worthless to him. At lass, when he had worn out beseechings and menaces, the owner of the coat offered to pay for U, and day after day he followed, raising his price every half hoar or so, until the thief's sasplcton > were excited. In the quiet of the nlga he made strict examination of the gar meet, and found that the lining wa stoned foil of little knlok knaokt In gold and silver, and the wretched paper car rency of the country. Altogether I dare ray he found £20 worth was hidden away, and having carefully extracted It all, he sold the coat to iU rightful owner at an f xtiavsgant figure. The misery and rage of that Jew were beyond all description. He was a picturesque old fellow, with a peat sweeping mass of white moustache and bewd, and a high peaked head of farrowed baldness. I could not follow what he had to say, boll he said It with a gusto and Intensity worthy of SalrlnL I have so donbt in my own mud that he was quite equal to the occasion, and that the sentiments he ottered were la fall accordance with the exigencies of the boor. The fund of story to be found In the experience of war, whether tragic or laughable, Is practically Inexhaustible. If It were worth anybody's reading 1 could fiU volumes out of the reminiscences of that one year. But I have no room for volumes here, and can only for an hour or two dip my hand into the lucky bag of memory and bring ant she thing first grasped. I made acquaintance In Con stantinople with a gay, handsome, and light-hearted young giant who had been in the fourth Eonlg's Dragoons, and had fought through the Franco-German war. We stayed together in the Byzauoa Hotel In the Grande fine dn Pen. He wat man than half an Englishman, but had been bred in Hamburg, and all his sympathies and prooHvltlea wen German. He was a bright, harum-aoarum fellow, and had gone out to join the Polish Legion and to fight for the Turk against Russia. We got to be good Mends, and one day I gave a little dinner party at which he was one of the Invited. I had asked for the same evening a French officer of oavaUy, and when the two encountered It w;s Im possible not to notice the ateange looks they cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and qulok in eon venation, and bubbling over with high spirits. Now they sat glum and silent, and as the dinner went on something of a chill fell on us aIL In the ooune of half an hour the truth came out. The young German officer had seen his only brother out down at bis side In a cavalry charge* and had crossed swords with the man that had killed him. These two guests of mine had last met on the field of Gravelotte, and now sat together at my table. A question or two, an answer or two, resolved the whole business, and they both got up and went away. Then was no HI blood between them, but it was not easily possible to sit at the same table with a man who had slain an only brother, or with the man whose brother you had slain. The dinner party, which might have been a very joyful affair Indeed, languished sadly, and we had little to talk of or think of but this tragic and strange encounter. Now that I come to look back npon what I have written it looks rather like Hamlet without the ghost The ration d'etre of the whole thing b left out of it. The campaigning memories hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we have one peep at war before we part company. It was In the rainy Beaton, and we were marching upon Plevna. All the officers, of every grade and every arm, In a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together in the chill of the morning upon a misty hilltop. Below the hill to the left and to the rear lay the carving, muddy road by which oar march had led us, and a mile away to the front we saw the little village of Avlanltzt, with the morning mist pretty thickly about it and above It. A straight unwavering column of smoke rose out of the mist, j ust at the crossing of the river, and we con jectured rightly that the T*™Jft«« had fired the bridge. Whether the enemy still lurked In the village It was impossible to determine without a reconnaissance, and a mere handful of Cossacks, perhaps a score, were sent out to feel the way. We watched them from JAvianltz* hilltop as they rode, now blurred by low-lying cloud and driving rain, now lost to sight altogether, and now with the burnished steel of their accoutrements glistening in answer to some scattering watery gleam from the morning which struggled fitfully against the damp discomfort of the morning. At last the men disap peared In the river fog which wrapped the village, and the wtralnnfl expectancy was broken by a dull sound of firing ? mile away, which sounded as though It were filtered through blan kets to the ear. A minute later and our fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, stretched a full length upon their horses, Circassian and Turkish-Cob nck fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here and then a hone ran rider less, and here and there a man unhorsed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying handful came thrice i£s number of Bas tion Cossacks, yelling like fiends, and plying whip and spur. At the foot of the bill our cavalry lay hidden behind the rising ground, and when flying friend and following foe were within 100 yards, a de tachment of 100 or thereabout! set out foil tilt to meet them. The pursuers turned, but their n^wimgH had been so Impetuous and unguarded that the forces were almost mixed, and the dash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of the hoof beats, and the thick crackle of carbine fire from either aide. Then then were more horses run ning loose, and every here and there horse* dead upon the road, and from our coign of perfect safety we could see the men crawling from the roadway to the sodden fiftt^if. The hurrying mass of noise and smoke and fire swept onward towards the village, and once again pursuit was tamed to flight. A Russian cavalry force fully four squadrons strong burst from the village and swept the Tarks before them in a flight more wild than iiiat of thftir predecessors; ****! again as they neared the Mil the Turks hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and again tie pursuers tamed with a whole demoniac engine of fire and death behind and a thunder of hoofs that seemed to shake the solid MIL They swept on at racing pace towards Avlaultzi, and the flying clatter the hoof beats made upon the cobbled pathway of the Tillage was noisily audible, even through that thick air, at a distance of a mile. It was no moro than a cavalry skirmish, and the losses on either side counted barely a Boore. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw & pitched battle Into which so much excite ment was crowded. Poor Bond Moore, who led the ambulance corps, and who, like ao many of the good fellows who shared the fun and danger and privation of that time, has long since joined the great majority, slapped me on the back with an excited cry, and shouted that It beat fox-hunting. From the merely spectacular point of view it was to my mind the most brilliant episode of the whole campaign. Our men came back victorious, report ing the enemy in full flight, and when the ricing sun had gathered foroe enough to dispel the fog we saw the white tants of the Russians on a distant hill, malting as Is were like snow. A sulky cannon shot or two said their goodbyes, and we marched on to the relief of Plevna with out striking another blow. 