BoveUst. : Tiie lidnigM Prophecy / ; oa. / . HEIR OF STRATHSPEY '.TOWERS. Z. By Emma Garrison J on'cs. _ CHAPTER XIX.'' 'j coosTEsa nsxvsxa.-;'- ' ' Tho eun lind drooped out of sight mid' . / ; tho dusky niontlo of twilight hung over X .tiib-Alpiuo suinmils/boforo: tho Cauntesa; / of'Strntlispcy rotuniod to tho spot rjliorp 1 : ; Oolonol Vornoy nwaitod hor. N : V i . : Tho omcor. wfti , smoking fiercely nnd z- - iRrbwing dosperatoly. iinpntiont, yot his ' i ephinx/iko fado 'waa cool rind smiling rind ; ></ Xiie nihnhor tho very porf ectionof thorough- ' v br'cd.politoncss. ' ' j' -.;. - -1 - Ho gav'o tho lady ono Iceon glanco aj. v . sho iipprpnehed hiin, .and luadQujfbis 'r ' : iuind that Sho had not seon lior liusHaiid, : jnrid know nothiu" of his having follod'ed' : ; '//lier ; and lio opiicludcd not to pnligliten / :hbr,but'tpgot lior.on tlio hcineward routo v.: arid leave'.liiir to sottlo it with tho carl as best' alio, could.- , /' ,/ : 'Ho oighed. aiid Tiis oyos sbftonod na ho /V ; / lookiid down on her fragile, -pliild-liko r // .' beauty.- ' How .lio liail loved, hor" onco !: . . -And now sho had not.tho p iwer.to stir his heart, savo. .with -a broviior's/tendcr 7 pity.- 1 to was thoroughly . in louo with his . liriliiaiit -Misa' Juli:i jGevosford, '.iiidftTiondant of licr .ten . thousand >.-.a f/!v»/;:year/Z.;- "Jjord Stratliapoy'was a foul; if ho liad :/! ouly heou wiso cnuugli to kuoiv it. v I.afly. Strathspey's fnco : was iflunhod , eiid cngor, ",nnd oho.': olutchcd. a liltlo '..pnekngo in botli'lmiids,. as if it- wero aii- -. iiivalnublo treasure. / . r//.. / i; ' Woll. Xiaily Strathspey;'1 /said, tho \- .: coloiiol,-'ns lnj ; handed.. K«r into. Jho \- iv . vehiolo1".I.trust you. havo mot \vitli quo- ' cvn." : . Tho . child is mine, Culonol Aforncy," , sliu r opli'cd iBuloiiinlyj- j' lio has . the /-L . .' Strathspey jhirthuiprk oif-liis .'right' arriiir lio'is niy'ohild.'my balipi tliat wus stolon .froiii 1110." v.V;;///; . ' X have 110 drin'it of lit, madam; hut 1 i 'l'iii afraid you'll find lt dillicult go prove ' i 'vil." replied th6. colonel j .'.Vtlip mthrir bpyV. ' ' yi)ii siiy, 'has , tho birth- inark,.too?". - Yea; ho lias ! . J'oor .' littlo boyi ;I . nin: : .V.rory fond of him, and ho sliidXalivriyii.bo' ts my' own,"-' sho said, ' with eiuutiuii ; , ! hut my owi'v boy, in; the valloy yoiidor, : V .-Cord Slrnthspoy's true soil, shall bo tlio . i . koir." . - . \- . .Jiut, my ucar-iauy, coniuiueu uiu loloncl, as thoy - sped aloiig through tho ' jeepciiing 'twilight; ' " h'uw do you pur-' bringiif'Uihi -abbot? Hkvo you lullicieut proofs to couvinco your bus-; ' Band; nnd establish tho child's claims "I havo tho child's olothea." she said, slasping tlio littlo packago to hor bosom, ' thoBamo ho had on when thoy found him under tho milch-goat. Only a plain ' slip and a quiltod flnnnol cloak, but I thought I would tako them." " X liopo you'll succeed, but really it looka very doubtful," responded, tho practical colonel. - "X know it does ; but hcavon will help mo, Colonel Verncy. He sont rao to my 1 - : , child, and 1 shall look to Providcnco fyr. i help and dirootieii. Tnovcr will abandon j my purposo, nov'cr whilo I havo lifo arid ' - I icaaoti. My boy shall, bo his father's ' lioir, if ' it costs mo my lifo nnd happi- : . . nesa." . . - . \- i Her palo faeo glowed in tho twilight, ' ' : with tho light of inspiration nnd death- \- less determination. . v. Colonel Vornoy regarded lier with ad- i . miciiig-wondor. .1 "1 beg your pardon, Lady-Strathspoy," : ' Jho said at lost but I.nm older than .. . - twou and wiser in experience ; nllow/me ' .> i So adviso you to toll your husband ovcrj- \- ' / tiring as soon as you moot hiin j conceal- ...jM, iluotit botivflon man. and wife is liko play- with odged tool|. 1 | " Ycb," she responded ; '.'but I waiilto spare my doar husband all tho anxiety nnd suaporiso X can: As sbon.os-X.dan seo. my way dear— '/v i: _ ' '' ' .. " Hut you may Tcaiiso him far deeper nnxiety, In regard lo;ayoursolf, - in tho. ineantimo," iutorruptcia tho dfilcerj ho may, misconstruo 'your motives and notions." , : Sho tumod upon him, hor bluo oyes bLizin" ill tlio glupm. ' " Misconstruo my .-.actions t AVhnt do you mean, Colonol Vornoy V My husbpnd doos not mistrust riie, would not, under any oircuiiietnnccs. How ilaro you. in- eimmto such an impossibility V" . "Ilirg your pardon, you will see olio .day tbnt I am right, and liavc your wel fare at heart. And now, arc wo to find lodgings for tho 111'ght, "or to stnrt on . our jouriioyatonce?" . un, start at onco by an moans, cried tho. countess ; wo havo not a mo- nieut to loso. I must got- liomo koforo my husband returns from London." "Poor thing," sighed the colonol ; "it will bo trcrusl blow 1" ' '-i.. Thoy proceeded at onco into France, :nudi.' having sooir her ladyaliip safely on bo.-fvd-tlie Ilovor steainor, Cului'tol Veruoy wont on to l'aris to sob his Bick friend, wishing - in his inmost heart that , his friend had boon' at the - nutipodos before he scutHlib messago that caused hiin to start on such an ill-starred journoy. . The countess rcachod Sevunuaks before tho arrival of her husband, and found her household nil in good order, and lier guoBts innking'thomsolveB coijifortnblal Sho folt intensely thankful nnd oc cupied' the following day in making a con cise statement concerning tho child she - bcliovod to bo lier own, to bo put in tho hands of Sir, Henry Gn'braith, her solid- tor. . . ' ; Sho was. vpry determined aiul voiy anxious to liayo tW matter iiivvstigatud at thoearliosf-moinent. - Pouduring.over Colonel Vernoy'a ad- . vicv| alio cunciuauu no iaoso ou ouu Jiur xiua barid overythiug, apd if possible to enlist lib" sympathies-arid co-operation. \- 'But hor husband' did' not tetiirn 1 A weok wcnt by 1 ' Anotlicr followed, and still bo was absent. ' Tlio shooting eoason'was famous, but tlio earl's friends began to think Umt thoir host ' was tronting tliom ratlior shubbily, 'and ono by ono took their Uight.' . ' " . ' Tlio countoas grow anxious and tola- graphed to London, and, toiler utter con- stornstinn sho learned that jho oarl had not boon seen. '.Sho telegraphed, a second time, to his club nddross, nnd to his sister, Lady Novill, -with no bettor success. It was ovidont that tho earl had not been in London. Tho poor wifo's anxioly know no bounds. Slio forgot hor child and every thing olso in her fear for tho husband sho loved so well, nnd was just on tho point of Btarting for London horsalf to loam what had boosme of him, whcn>hc, all at onco, mado his nppoarancu, Judith met him iu tho liall, on liis first arrival, nnd atood still in wonderful hor ror. Ho gravo-ynrd .ghost ovor looked nioro ghastly. : ' llecovering her wits in an instant, nnd divining that something tcrriblo had be fallen' liim, sho-fled liko the' wind to her lady's.ohamhjr. Tho oountoss was road iiig, or making a protonoO to do. .so, but sho looked up as Judith oritored. / " Well, wlint is it ?" sho nuostipnod, seeing in tlio girl's faco that alio brought sumo intelligence. /- .. 7. ; ' " My . lady. Lord Strathspey hoi; tome." i /': .a The countess sprang to hor foot . ; ' , . " Oh, thank Hoavcn i'f .: she .cried,, "whore b ho? Whore is iriy/darliiig' husband-?". .: : '7 .. . ' '/.She was about to rush out'in s.oaroh of -him' In her joy, hut Judith caught at hor arm; , '/ "'; ' V': ' .-. ' ; "O110 mothont, . my lady,", she im plored, X tliinlc my lord is ill— or-yor — something has happonod — ilo not go just yet." .. .. . . .. , Bub tho anxious wife shookhor oD.- "Xs ho ill i Stand .out-of my . way, Juditlij lot 1110 go-to. him;'.' , _ \- Shu freed liprsfclf from tho: girl's de- tafnmg bauds;: and turned towards tho door again, and there, face to faeo; sho met hor husband. ;; . / CHAPTER, XX. <!: . '.. -riniEi). . ... ' For tho space of a moment thoy stood silptif, looking into erioh othor's oyes ; the parl's hair di'shevoled, hit gnrinents soiled, arid lib faco so whits and emaciated, that lib eyes: looked out from . thoir sunken sockets like balls of fire. ". .. . .!' Oh, Angus, my. darling," , gasped the poor ivifo at last, .patting, out licr treinb- lirig arriis to'dmhraco liini,/'' wliat is this ? what has oliangedyou.se? -- ; Tho sound of hor yoico sooinod.to rpusp liiin into pu insane fury. ; IIu, hurled herv back, wlion alio would jiayo. ulapsud lib neck' with ri fpreo thut sont-.Jier ruuliiig to tho otlioc-sido of tho room. ; .-'../ V : f'jjun't , coma / near . . 11)0 /again , : don't, touch i Hie,!1.. hohur.Ht oHt/p.uitiiig for breath iuhbhtigor a:iiJiyoakuess, or 1 uh'iiU forgot that yoir 'riro a. wdinan, and the inotlier. of'-niy children. 'What, has 'changed ; riib ? : Do yoii kriuw, 'ean you know, cnnyou guese, fiilso/fair-faooil do-' xoivcr I i¥ lulw cuuiu isinivo » (ttstu .tviiilt/ JL. am to-day, but'.tljp shameful deceit and troachery of his nufo ?-" . Tljo poor countess shivored with tofror, believing that lier liusbatitl was utterly insano. Who retreated into a corner of ' tho room, and put forth hrir . hand to grasp tlio boll- rope. . But ho dartod up on lier liko ii wild boast, arid seizing hor by the, shoulders towed .her dotvn into a aoat.- ' .' , . " Don't shiver and tromblo, poor, guilty 'coward," lio; cried, standing ovor lier with his wliitci awful faco, " I'll not harm you— I couldn't do tliut— I couldn't harm ahnir ol. your hoad, although you havo dragged mo arid my proud numo down into tlio dust, arid made ino an alien and aii outcast for nil time to come." " Angus 1 " , - "Silence! I won't hoar ono word from your fniso lips I Listen to what X havo to say, for after this hour I nevor-.inean to look upon your ' face again— you havo broken my heart— tlio heart that loved you," I10 continued, with a sudden out burst of tenderness. '.'Oh, Margrierito, how could you, how oould you play mo ! faiso? " , ' Ho Bunk'inlo a seat, nnd burying his "face in liis handp,' shook and Bighcd liko' a child in his weakness, His wife ai'oso, and oroeriing to his side, stolo licr. arms about, his neck; but' thoir soft touch toemedto madden him. .1 - 1 ' ' . . t..'i . " No, no ! ' tic cried, hnrlingf;her off again; "X'lii.not to. bo onjole'd nor do- ceivod any longer. That time's past. You dccoivcd mo in tho very hour I lnado yoifmy wifo; 'You belonged to him tlion I You wero tho mother - of his' child 1 And. now, tho moment' ho comes back from India, you lly to his arms. 1 Fabo, aban doned, aliauioloss woman I." \- Some little comprehension of tho truo causo of hor liusbaud'B apparent insanity, began to dawn upon tho uowiidored mind of ilie.countoss. Sho arose, her lithe, slender figure seeming at least a foot taller, a fiery spot kindling on each' waxen chcok, and lier blue oyes beginning to blaze nnd glitter. . " Lord Strathspoy," she said, hor voieo icily calm, " you are my husband, but you shall not insult mo 1 " . . The oarl broko into n mocking laugh. RBUIC jfvHt lluviiUUj UUlUXij . J v If | who taking ndvantago of your husband's absence, go Btrolling out of England with your ohtiover. You didn't think I fol lowed you, n adam? I did though. I saw you Bitting under tho old oak crying over your illegitimate son. I- know now why-yoti Iiavo always treated mon with such unwomanly iiidifibrcnoo. I was wi tliiu a stone's throw of you all tho time, and saivyour gallant colonel awaiting you in tho coppico. False, false woman 1 I boliovo now that you woro cognizaiit of tho disappoaranco of my babo on tho nightof liis birth. You wanted no other son beside your pot Tyrol. - Lady Strathspey stood liko marble, novor answering a word. " I can understand now," continued tho carl, the wholo thing scorning to grow clearornnd indisputable, " why you were so anxious to travel, and why yriu sou/so many pabkagoa to your Irolhcr in India. Brother, indeed I What a blind fool X hnvo boon ! . But my cyos nro open now. l\»r two weeks and over X havo boon lying nt deaths door in tlio. Tyrol, I toiild liavo. died, I think, but for my oliSldmii T omilil imklnnvrt lliain tn flinir siiameloss mother," ho went on. I Bin hero now to mako ray final arrangements. I shall givo thorn, my boy and girl, X lncan, to Lady- Neville, my sister, with- tlio undcrstnuding that you nro . never to set oyes on tlicin again. Buy after- lo- moiroio I shall moctyour gallant colonel, and put a bullet through liis heart; aud llicn I shall lcavo England forever. - 1 shall leave you an annuity sufficient to keep you frcm want," ho added, turning hnck 111 tlio doorway. ; V and from this hour I liopo uovcr to hoar your namo, or look upon your faco agnin, neither in this world, nor in tlio world to como ! " Ilo Btrodo out, with ono backward glance, and that glance heli-ld lier, still standing erect and 6tatiio:like, her face all aglow with outraged innocence, lier clear, sinless oyos full of fiery indignation, yot molting wiili tenderness for. tho hus band who had so foully wrongcdhcr. "And in tho after years of his wandor- ings— and bittor, romorsoful years thoy wcro— the remembrance of her face lis lio list Baw it haunted tho carl liko an avong- iug Nemesis. ' CUAPTERXXI. " ":r LAST MODUS. ' / Tlioro nro somo calamities that strike us dumb nrid -poworlcss, liko the liglit- ning-'slmft. When Lady Strathspoy hoard; Jiov husband's footBteps riiming down: tho 'oakoiistairwav,,slio sank down upon- tlie carpet; and resting, her forehead 011. her folded arms, sat in a stupid, soiiaolcss torper,: hMf iiricOrisoidtia of tho grant calamity, thnt had bof alien hor.' ; ' ' . ; Iri that' condition - Judith found hor, .when; ijtor waiting for liouys to , bo s)im- inoned, and unable' to ropross her nilxicty, abo entered 'her lndy's room unbiddon, aud all efforts On tho girl's pari,- to rotiiio her proved ineffectual. In her: fright,. Judith sumriiohedMrs. Colonol Chudleigh, nnd she,- in her turnsunimuiiod the family pliysioiari. : But Ko shook his head, almost as aboil as his oyos rested on, tlio white, frozon face. Tlio disease was boyriiid his skill, lie coiild do 110 niore than administer a simple atiiiiulnnt. ' - / . / . But' toward night, of Iter -own will, tlid countess roused up. . Very white; and still; and- silent, she 'remained-, -but she was clear-lieaded and conscious, and bo- "011 at dries to make hor arrangonients for loading Sevoiioaks, Hor husband had cast hor ol!', and she dotermined to ropair at 'onco to iler own castle, known as Aukland Oaks ; Bho was too proud in her/injured iniiocciico to make' orio effoyt- towrii'd olearing herself in his oyeB, or rogaiiiing liis confidence and affection, ' > Wo shall set out early iu tho inoriiing, Judith," alio said, quietly, " and J. want .you tomake all necessary arrimgcuients ; that is," she added, with a wan,smilB;'"if you intond to stand by irio iiow, in my hour of trial!" - , .The girl burst iiifo.tcara: ./ '.. " "My dear, dear lady," ..sliq. ; sobbed,; '.' iniiv. caii you do.ubt.rile ?" : X do riot doubt y o'u,' JuiiUli/ rdlurnod -thb countess,;" I' trust. yo'u ; yhu aro.:hiy one: true friend aiid helper .in rill tlio world." : v- Tlio following or.iing found- overv- Jliiug in reailiuess. Tlio countess break- 'fasted ,in lior oivri apartments; XLr trunks stu'hd out ill the hall, her privato carriugo wa3 ordered. She mado her oxplanjitions .to Mrs, Colonol Climlloigli. - and oluirged ixul' .hivu bli« xooiv wfc youdiiiy »iva tu 'sxiu fmv guosts still remaining. Ouly olio task remained to her beforo alio wont out from hor _ husband's homo forever. Shu must bid adieu to her children. Oh, bitter, bitter task I The poor mother put it off till tlio very last moment. Ucr husband bad docrucd thnt they, should bo given to I,ndy Novitlo's charge, and thoy'wero to go down to Lori- don tliat very afternoon, in 'tho caro of Lord. Strathspoy's notarj. . Ho was lord arid raastor of all, and nothing ronminod for but to submit and obey. Sho orossod tho hall with tottoring stops, and tapped at tho liursory door, Tilo Dundas woman opened it. Lady Pearl and hor brother had just finished their breakfast. " O, mamma," cried PcnrJ, "you nro going dpwn to London, too 1 I'm so gladl Lola said you wasn't but yoii will go 1" ' Tho countess draw- tbo oliild to liar bosom arid signed to the riurso to leavo tho room. She oboyod, with a strange glitter ill lier dusky oyos. . ,. " Mamma cannot go'to. London now," tho poor mother began; clinking dnu-j, i ho soiling iniaury nt hor_lienrt ; " but Lndy X'oarl shall go, aud stay awhile with-Aunt Neville." . ; : " X don't want to go without you, mamma." ' " Butyou riiust, my darling. - Mamma Is obliged to go on a journoy nowj brothcr Angus will go with, youj and papa wil' come soon; mid you'll sco tlio groat cily, 'rind havo so'm'sny pretty things, rind playi with Cousin .Victoria, mid Aunt 'Novillo will be very kiiid to you:" ; ' 'The child grow somewhat pacified/and tho young heir stood passivo, his light,: opriquo eyes oxprossivo of noithordouo tiling or tlio other. ; \- Tlio countoss aroso, fooling that iri: a few moments hor strength mid fortitudo: would'givo way. She turned to the boy, first,- arid (00k both of liis sallow oheeks in Iter hands. "Gpod- hye, Angus," sho said kissing him repeatedly, " iu tlio years to como you shall suffer no wrong at my hands, Henvon bloss you." . : Tho Xoy roeoivod tho cmbraco aB-ho did ovorylhing elso, with passivo indiffor- cnoe. But littlo Mnrguerito sobbed and ciuni vO u6x iiiviiibr in psiiisiouQio gnor "My darling, may Hoavon keep you from harm," murmured tho countess. Then, with one last convulsive oinbraco,:' sho tore herself away. Sho had parted from her children, perhaps forever. Yet her stop was firrii, mid her- bearing liko' that of an outraged queen, 'as sho traversed tlio long corridor, passing tho apartmorits in which her husbaiid and his lawyer sat, tho doors doublo-lookod. Judith awaited licr in the hall, mid the carringo was at the dour. Sho eutorcd it, and without ono backward glance, passed out from tlio grand, old manor, and under tho branches of tho ginnt oaks, 'on hor way to tho homo of hor childhood— a dis graced and disoarded wifo 1 - \- As slio rollod along ill ; tho . yellow, autumn sunlight, n sudden remembrance of that awful morning, when the' strange apparition appeared beforo her, as alio sat undor tho groat rook at Strathspey Towers, flashed across hor mind. \- " You shall bo robbed otyour titles and grandeur, nit outcast, scorned by your husband, ntid derided by tlio world I' " All, Hoavon," bIio murmured, " how fulfilled ! What merciless fate is pursuing me ? What in all uiy lifo havo X ovor dono, that all this woo mid dcsolatsoq. should como upon mo?" In the meantime, the Earl of Strathspoy was making his final preparations t Everything had been arranged between him and Colonol Gilbort Vcmoy, who' was tliou at his sister's residence, only a short distanco from Sevcrioaks. Tho seconds hnd settled nil the prelimi- nares, and tlio deadly meeting was to tako placoon tlio following morning at sun rise, at a spot known as Willow Ridgo, a secluded place somo soven or eight inilcs distant. Ijord Strathspey knew wo'.l onnngh that tlio chances ngniust him were two to ono. His ndvorsriry was a cool, alrimg-norvod man, an old soldier, mid a dead shot. There was littlo hope that ho would cscapo with his life I And in view of thin stato of things, lio was engaged throughout tho day in closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death and eternity. And calmly oiioiigh-ho did it. for, in thnt hour, Angus,; Eu-1 of Strathspoy, with all his wealth and honors, was not much in lovo wilh life. He mado his will, providing -handsoiuely fur his dmiglitar, rind, leaving oveything olso to his son mid heir, save an. annuity to ms lato comites's. aiid five thousand pounds to he deposited iu tlio bank to tho order of Juditn l-'ord. His twu children, he left in chargo of his sister, appointing hor hus band, Sir Jl'irahall Neville,, as guardian nud executor. . . Tliis'dorio, in hfa.silfliit, arid desoluto honie, I10. sat: down Vnnd/vraited for, tho slow liours.of the - nriluriin night to.werir away, and the morrow dawn, , wdiich, . in all; ' probability; ; 'would . tuako .hjiii' ; a . murderer, in the sam'o momont'tlint it sorit his guilty soul into tho presence "of . his Sinker. ' ' : (TO SB COXTlXDnu). ,v : '' 