1T11E HEAD IAN OF VAKLEY (tEANCtE A GHOST STOllY... ■“ Hallo Jack ! where are you oil to : ^croing down to the governor's for Christmas ?” ;; •Tack Darent, who was in inv old regiment,' stood drawing mi his dogskin gloves upon the 2Hrd day of December, tlie year before last. Hu was equipped in a long ulster and a pot hat, and a hansom, ready loaded with a gnu-, case and portmanteau, stood awaiting him. He had a tall, strong figure, a fair, fresh-; looking face, and the merriest blue eyes in the world. lie held a cigarette between his lips, and late as was the season of the year, there was a ilower in his button-hole. When did I ever sec handsome Jack Darent that he dill not look well-dressed and well-fed anil jaunty! .As I ran up the steps of the Club lie turned; round and lauched merrily. “ My dear fellow—-do l look the sort of man to be victimised at a family Christmas meeting? Do you know the kind of business they have at home • Three maiden aunts and a bachelor uncle, m; eldest brother anil his insipid wife, ami all my sister's children, at dinner. Church twice, a day, and snap-dragon between the services? No thank you ! I have a great affection for my old parents; but vou don't catch auo going in for that kind of festival !'* “ You r.rjvereidT dlian !'' Implied lay* ng ■‘Alt! if .uii were, a married man-'' •‘Ah ! 'if 1 were a married .man,” repeated. C.tp vn Darent, witli something that was alnnrac a sigh, and tLen lowering his voice, lie said, hurriedly, How, is Miss..Lester, Fred ?” “ My sister is quite well, thank you," I an swered with becoming gravity : and it was not without- a spice of malice that I added, -She has been going out to a great mauy balls, and enjoying herself vpry much.” . Captain Darent, looked proframdedly miserable. “ I don't sec how a poor-fellow in a marching regiment, a younger son too, with' lotliiug in the future to look-to, is e\er to. uarrv nowadays,*’ he said almost savagely. “When girls, too, are used to such usury and extravagance _ -that .'they ain't live without. . .Matrimony is at a, dead ock in tiiis century. Fred, chiefly owing to he price of butchers’ meat and bonnets. In iftv vears’ time it- will become extinct, and he country he depopulated. But. 1 must be >2 'old man. or I shall miss my train. ' “You have never told me where you are roing to, Jack?” “ Dh ! I am going to stay with old Homier-. ;on. in Westernshire ; he has taken a fur lished house, with some first-rate pheasant:, hooting, for a year. There are seven of us r0in,v_all bachelors, and all kindred spirits. ,Ve "shall shoot'all day and smoke half the itebt. Think what you have lost, old fel 6w, by becoming a Benedict f' c In Westernshire is itI inquired., ‘ Whereabouts is this place, anil .what is the. iame of it? For I am a Westernshire man' iy birth myself, and know every place iu the. 0“If)h ! it's a tumbledown sort of old house,' believe.” answered jack, carelessly. ‘Gables.and twisted chimneys outside, and mcomfortable, spindle-legged furniture in j(le_.you know the sort of thing; hut the hooting is capital, Henderson says, and we’ nust put up With our quarters . lie lias taken lis French Cook down, and plenty of liquor, io I’ve no doubt we shan t starve* ^ . *• Well. \mt what is the name of it? I per isted, with a growiug interest iu the sub Let me see,” referring to a letter he died out of his pocket, “Oh! here it is ’“Varlev Grange!” I repeated, aghast. “Why,* It lias not been inhabited for “I believe not, answered Jack, uncon rncdly. the' shooting has been let sopa tely ; but Henderson • took a fancy to the mse to-, and thought it would do for him, irniture and all, just as it is. My - dear red, what are you looking so solemnly at me “ Jack, let me entreat of you not to go to ,'is place,” I said laying my hand upon his “ Hat go ! 'Why, Lester, you must; be mad! hv on earth shouldn't ! go'there ?” “There arc stories—uncomfortable things id about that house.” I had not the moral ura^e tasay “It is haunted,” nud >1. felt reclf how-wcak and childish was my,attempt deter him from his intended visit—only—. cnew all about Varlev Grange. I think handsome Jack Darent thought, ivately that I was'out slight’jrof my senses,' r I anl sure I looked unaccountably upset d dismayed -by the mention of the name the house .'that Mr Henderson had “I daresay it’s cold and draughty, and fested witli rats and mice," he said laugli gly: “ and I have iio doubt the cveature mforts will not he equal to Queen’s Gate ; it I stand pledged to go now, and A I. must. : off this very minute,-so have no time, old ilow, to'inquirc into the meaning of your! nsational warning. GooiUbye, and—and member me to the ladies.” : He ran down the steps and jumped ‘into; e hansom. ‘ . ■ . : “ Write to me if you have time'!”! cried' it after him ; hut I don’t think he heard e in the rattle of tlic departing cab. ’ He aided and smiled at mo, and was swiftly hir'ed out of sight. - , As for mo, 1 walked slowly hack all the ay to mj’ comfortable ’honse in Queen’s ate. There was my wife, presiding at the ;tle five o'clock tea-table ; our two fat, nk-aud-wliite .little children tumbling lout upon the hearthrug amongst dolls anil •ieks, and two utterly spoilt and over-fed pngs ; and nTV sister Bella—who. between ourselves, was the prettiest as well as the dearest girl in all London—sitting 'on the •floor, in her handsome brown velvet'gown, resigning herself gracefully to be trampled 'opon by the dogs, and to have her hail- pulled by the babies. Why, I’red. yon look as if you bad heard bad news,” said iny wife, looking up anxiously as I entered. “ I don’t know that I have heard of any thing very bad ; 1 have just seen Jack Darent oft for Christmas,” I said, turning instinctively towards my sister. He was a poor man, and a younger son. and of course a very bad match for the beautiful Miss Lester ; but for all that I had an inkling that Bella was not quite indifferent to hert brother’s friend. ' . . “ Old!” says that hypocrite. '“ Shall 'I'give! you a cup of tea, Fred?” It is wonderful how women can control;, their -faces, and pretend not to Care a straw when-they hear the name of their lover men-; tioned. I think Bella overdid it, she looked so supremely indifferent. “Where on earth do you suppose lie is going to stay, Bella?” “Who! Oh, Captain Darent 1 HowshOuld I possibly know where he is going? Archie, pet-, please don’t poke the doll's head qliite down Ponte's throat; I know ho will bite it oil if This last observation was addressed to my! sonandheii. ! “Well. I think you will be surprised when; you hear; lie is going to Westerusliire, to stay at Varlcy Grange.” ; “ What!" No doubt about her interest in; the subject now! Miss Lester turned as white as her collar, and sprang to hor feet as impetuously, scattering dogs, babies, and toys in all directions away from her skirt as she rose. . . .. ■ (7b he 'Continual.') 