Yesars passed away. At llazelma-d Paul's painting-room was shut up; the dust gath. ered on the deserted easel and old portfolios, and on the one picture which remained there, with ita face turned to the wall. Home had been sweet to him once, but now it was home no more. When he was there, the bitter waters of memory went over him; he could not bear the assooiations that filled the plaie. Every corner was haunted by theimage of the woman he had thought so good andpuro, who was a sin stained wait and stray; notorious -for it was but a few years since the name of Lydia Walbrook had been on every man's lips in a yet unforgotten criminal ease. He never spoke of the blow that crushed his heart, but the mainspring of his life was broken. All his associates found him a changed mar. - His few intimates said among themselves that Norton had under gone some terrible experience, and would never be the same again, He tried to devote himself to his art, but his nature was too emotional for art and ambition to fill the place of love. Success was as Dead Sea fruit to him; and againse failure, when it came, he had no talisman of home love and faithto Scomfort him. He had rent his hopes,. his I faith, his very heart of lie, to sea in on frail vessel that had gone down with all on board. And eo yeers rolled away, and no I Slast illness struck him down; his failingi I hand had to lay the brush aside: and then, *lweak and lonely, he thought of the old home .to.. and of his early days; then the tender memories of old overflowed in the bitterness of the later past; and then he went back to Hazelmead, as they besought him to return and be cared for by his own people-went back, as they all saw, never to leave it more. It was his fancy to have his old den arranged as his sleeping-room. As. he gave instruo. tions for the moving of the furniture, his eye dwelt on the picture leaning with its face to the wall, just as he had turned it years ago when he went away. "Leave it," he said. "Don't touch it; let it be as it has been I" So, in that room, filled with sad memories, he lay and waited for death; and who shall say what ghosts haunted him? Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horror of the past?-or did softer visions mingle with them, of the tender dreams and golden hopes that once were his ?-did hbe recall the sweet hours he had passed here before the black and bitter seas went over his soul? Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein the unframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the face that was turned away-hidden-yet not as the face, whose silent imago it was, was hidden in the grave-mould, beneath the cofin-lid. And one day, when all knew the end must be near, he pointed to the picture and said: "Turn it- set it were I can see her." And his sister turned it, and swept away the veiling dust, and be saw again the sweet pale face, in its frame of golden hair, the lips of soft and subtle curve, the dreamy eyes that told no tale of tragedy,for his hand had not pourtrayed, because his eye had not re. csgnised,the black shadow of her life. And g azing at the portrait, his lips were nesealed, and he talked of her as he had done for years-spoke, not of her sins and euf. ferings, but recalling trivial incidents and memories of their happy days. That night, as they watched by him, they knew his days were numbered. He had snnk into an un. consciousness that was rather stupor than oleep. At dawn he stirred, opened his eyes, and bade them draw up the curtains and let in the light. The chilly light of early morn. ing fell on the portrait. He raised himself, supported in his brother's arms, and with a strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to the pic. tore his hand had painted. lIe spoke in t voice to whiolh the old ring of strength seemed magically restored. "Where am I going-and where is shel List-lost-where are the lost souls ?" "Paul-Paul I" his brother replied, with solemn emotion, "it is not for us to ray. The mercy of God is infinite I" The dews of death were on Paul Norton's brow, his voice grew hoarse and hollow, at he asked with terrible earnestness: "Is mypoorlove lost? No, no-it cannot be. Somewhere we shall meet. She said-to morrow." Then suddenly eyes his lit up with aflash of wild and rapturous reeognition as he exclaimed: "Not lost!--notlost! Ah, seo I she smiles I Yes, to-morrow, Lucy, to. morrow i" That look of strange, ucearthly rapture was on his face as he died; and, was it only his delusion or did L~cey smile in deed ? 