i t novelist. The Midnight Prophecy -V ? OJl, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XIX. i TUB COUNTESS RETURNS. ] The buu had drooped out of sight and I ho dusky mantle of twilight hung over tho Alpino summits, before the Countess of Strathspey returned to the Bpot where Colonel Verney. awaite# her. The officer- ? was atnolcing fiercely and ? urowing desperately impntiont, yet his \- nphiux-Iiko face was cool aud atuiling and .. hismannerthovoryperfectionof thorough bred politeness.' He gave tho lady ono keon glance as sho approached him, and made up his mindthut she had not seen hor liusbaud, ' arid know nothing of his having followed hor ; and he concluded not to enlighten her, but to get her on the homeward route and leave her to settle it with the earl as best she could. a lie sighed, and his eyes softened as ho r Jookod -down on her fragile, child-like , beauty. How he had loved hor once I And now aho-had not the piwer to stir his heart; savo with :a brother's tender pity. ? He was thoroughly in love with his , .brilliant'; fiancce, Miss Julia Beresford, , , , independent of lier ten thousand a ? * year. - 1 ?' ' '- Lord Strathspey wa» a fool, if he had ? oiily been wise enough to know it. i '' Lady Strathspey's face was flushed : audi; eager, and she clutohed a little packago in both hands, as if it were An invaluable, troasuro. . -Lady ' Strathspey,1 ' said tho colonol, as ho handed her into the veliiolo, ' I trust you havo mob with atio oess.' ? . 'The child is mine, Oulonel Vornoy,' sht) replied solemnly, ' ho 1ms the Strathspey birthmark on his right arm — ho is my child, my babe, that was stolen , -;ir'jin ihu. ' . ' ' I hit vo no doubt of it, madam, but ' ' l'ni'afi'iiid you'll find it diflicult so prove (replied, tho/colonel; 'the other boy, ? 3youUifr,'ilias the birth-mark, tool' : ' Yea, he lius I 1'oor little boy, I am very fond of liim, and lve shall always be ens -my own,' sho said,- with emotion ; ; but my own boy, in the valley yonder, . ' ' Lord Slratlispey's true son, ahnll be tlio heir. V.i ? : . M But, my dear lady, ' continued the colonel, as they sped along through the deoponing twilight, ' how do you pur v. pose.. bringing this about? Have you sunicient proofs to convince your nua band, and establish the child'a claims ?' '1 havo'the child's clothes.' ahe said, clasping tho little package to her bosom, ?Mho'samei lie- had on when they found hiin undor the milch-goat. Only a plain slip and' a (juiltod ilaunol cloak, but I thought I would tako them.' 'i Jiopo you'll succeed, bub really it looks very doubtful,' responded the practical colonel. ?' I know, it .does ; but heaven will help ; ' inb^Coionol Vornoy. Ho sent me to my. child, and 1 ahall look tb Providenoe for help and direoti3n. I nover will abandon my purpose, rioVer while- l have life arid reason. My boy ahall be his father's heir, if it costa my yfe and happi ness.' v '? ..... Her pale faeo glowed in the twilight, with the light of inapiratlon- and deatl* leaf deierminMion. r, . ' Colonel Verney regarded her with ad* miring woridor. x «? lbog yonr pardon, Lady Strathspey,' he aaid at laat ; ' but I am older than you and wlaer in experience ; allow me to adyiae you to tell your huaband every thing u soon iinu nlteet Mm ; conceal ^ -sunt Ut#aea xM sxA wife ia Ujje play ' Yes,' alio responded ; ' but I want to spare my dear husband all the anxiety aud suspensol can. As soon as I can see my way -clear ? ' ? ' But you may cause him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself, in. the meantime,' interrupted tlie officer ; he may misconstruo your motives and actions.' \- Sho turned upon him, her bluo eyea blazing in the gluom. ' Miscoustrtie my actions J ? What do you mean, Colonol Verney ? My husband doos not mistrust mo, would not, under ajiy circumstances. How daro you in sinuato such an impossibility V' 'I beg your pardon, you will see ono day that I am right, and havo your wel fnro at heart. . 'And now, are wo to find lodgings for the night, or to start ou our journoy at once ?' ' Oh, start at onco by all manns,' cried the countess ; wo have not a mo ment to lose. I must get home bofore my husband returns from London.' 'Poor thing, ' sighed the colonel ; 'it will be a cruel blow I' They proceeded at once into France, and, having seen her ladyship safely on board tho'Dovor steamer, Colonel Verndy went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing iu his inmost hoart that his friend had beon at the antipodos beforo he sent tho message that caused him to start on such an ill-starrod journoy. Tho countess reached Seycnoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household nil in good order, and her guests making themselves coinfortublo. Sho folt intensely thankful and oc cupied tlio following day in making a con cise statement concerning the child alio bulioved to be hor own, to be pub in tho hands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. Sho was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. Pondering ovor Colonel Vernoy's, ad vice, Bhe concluded at last to tell her hus band everything, and if possible to onlist his sympathies and co-operation. But her husband did not return I . A week went by 1 Another followed, and still be was absent. Tho shooting season was famous, but tlie earl's friends began to., think that thoir host was trenting them rather shabbily, and ono by one took their flight. -The countesa grow anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to hor utter con sternatinn ahe learned that the earl had not boon soen. Sho telegraphed, a second time, to Iub club dddresB, and to his sister, Lady Nevill, with no better success. It was evident that the earl had not been in London. Tho poor wifos anxiety knew no bounds. She forgot hor child and every thing olso in hor four for tho husband she loved ao well, and was just on the point of starting for London herself to learn what had become of him, when he, all at once, made his appearance. Judith met him in the hall, on his first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No grave-yard ghost ever lookod moro ghastly. Recovering her wita in sri instant, and livining that something terriblo had be talion liim, sho fled like the wind to her lady's chamber. Tho countess was road ing, or making a pretenco to do so, but sho looked up. as Judith entered. ' Well, what is it ?' she questioned, soeing in tho girl'a face that she brought i somo intelligence. 'My lady, Lord Strathspey has come.' , The countesB sprang to her feet. ' Oh, thank Heaven 1' she cried, 'whoro is hoi 'Where' is my darling husbundT' Site was about to rush out in aoarch of him in her joy, but J udith caught at her arm. 'One moment, my lady,' she im plored, ? ' I think my lord is ill — or — or — something has happened — do not go just yet.' But tho anxious wife shook hor off. 'Is ho ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, let me go to him.' ? Sho freed herself from the girl's de taining hands,, and turned towards the door again, and thero, faoo to face; ' sho met her husbaqd. ' '? ''/hi ? ? ?? ' CHAPTER XX. PARTED. Fqr the ap^e of a moment they stood silent, looking into each other's eyes ; the earl's hair diaheveled, hi* garments soiled, and nts face so white and emaciated, that his eyes looked out from their sunken sockets like balls of fire. ' Oh, Angus, my darling,' gasped the poor wife at last, putting out her tremb ling arms to embrace him, ' what is this 1 what lias changed you so 1 ' The sound of hor voice seemed to rouse him into an insane fury. He hurled her back, whon she would have elapsed his neck with a force that sent hor reeling to the othor side of tlie room. ? ' ; 'Don't come lioar mo again, dor.'t touch me,' he burst out, panting for broath in his anger and weakness, ' or I shall forget that you are a' wpman.i and tho mother of my children. What lias changed mo? Do you know, can you know, can you guess, false, fair-faced de coiver I What could make a man what I am to-day, but the shameful deceit and treachery of his wifo ? ' The poor countoss shivered with torror, believing that her husband was utterly insane. She retreated into a corner of the room, and put forth her hand to grasp the bell-rope. But he darted up on hor like a wild beast, and seizing her by the shoulders forced her down iuto a fleat. «' Don't ahiver and tremble, poor, guilty coward,' he cried, atanding over hor with his white, awful face, ' Irll not harm you— I couldn't do that — I couldn't harm a hoir ; of your, head,.: although: you have' draggod me and ,my proud name down into the duat, and made me an alien and an outcaat for, all time to come.' ,, ; 'Angus 1' ' '' ?'Silence! I won't hear one word uom your false lips I Listen to what I have to aay, for after this hour I never meon to look upon your face again— you have broken my heart — the heart that loved you,' ho continued, with a sudden out burst of tenderneaa. 'Oh, Marguerite, how could you, how could' you play me falae ? ' ? He aunk into a seat, and burying his face in hia hands, ahook and sighed like a child in hia weakneaa. Hia wife arose, and creeping to hia aide, stole her arms about hia neok ; but their aofl touoh Mimtd to nuddts tjiak ' No, lio I ' ho cried, hurlinglher' off again ; ' I'm not to bo cajoled nor de ceived any longer. That time's past. Youdoceivedme in the very hour I made you my wifo. You belonged to him thon ! You woro the mother of his' child 1 And now^ the moment he comes back from India, you .fly to hia - arms. False, aban doned, shameless woman 1 ' ' Some littlo comprehension of tho true cause of her husband's apparent insanity, began to dawn upon .the bowildered mind, of the icountess.- Sho. arose, . her lithe, slender figure seeming at least a foot taller, a fiery spot kindling on cach waxen cheok, and her bluo oyes beginning to blaze nnd glitter. ' Lord Strathspey,' sho said, her voice icily calm, ' you aro ; my husband, but you shall not insult ino 1'' Tho carl broke into a mocking laugb. ' Insult you! '-he cried,. bitterly. 'lrou, who taking advantage of 'your' liusbarid's absence, go strolling out of Knjjland with your old lover. You didn't think I fol lowed you, n adain ? I did though^ I saw you sitting under tho old oak crying over your illegitimate son. I know now why you havo always treated my son with such unwomanly indifference. I was within a stone's throw of you all tho tiino, and sawyour gallant colonel'nwaitirig you in tho coppice. False, false woman ! I belie vo now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babo on tho nightof his birth. You wanted no other son beside your pot Tyrol.' Lady : Strathspey stood liko marble, nover answering a word. ' I can understand now,' continued the earl, the whole thing seoining to grow clearorand indisputable, ' why you wore so auxious to travel, and why you sent so many packages to your brother in India. Brother, indeed ! What a blind fool I lmve been! But my oyes are open now. For two weeks and over I have been lying at death's door in tho Tyrol. I should havo died, I think, but for my children. - I could nob leave thom to their shameless mother,' ho went on. 'I am here now to make my final arrangements. I shall give thom, my boy and girl, I' mean, to Lady Neville, my sister, with tho understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. Day after to morrow I shall moL-t your gallant colonel, and-put a bullet through hia heart ; and then I shall leave JSngland forover. I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to koep you from want,' ho added, turning back in the doorway ; ' and from this hour' I hopo nover to hoar your name, or look upou your face again, noither in this world, nor in the world to come ! ' He strode out, with one backward glance, and that glance beheld her, still standing orect and statue-like, her face all aglow with outraged innocence, her clear, sinless oyes full of fiery indignation, yet molting with tenderness for the hus band who had so foully wronged her. And in the after years of his wander ings — and bitter, romorseful years thoy wero — tho remembrance of her face as ho list saw it haunted the earl liko anavong | irig Nemosis. CHAPTER XXL 1AST HOURS. There are some calamities that strike us dumb and powerless, liko the light ning-shaft. When Lady Strathspey heard her husband's footsteps ringing down the oaken stairway, sho sank down upon the carpet., and resting her forehoad on her folded arms, satin a stupid, senseless torpor, half unconscious of tho groat calamity that had befallen hor. In' that condition -Judith found hor, when, after waiting for hours to be sum moned, aud uuublo to ropress'hor anxiety, sho ontored her lady's, room unbidden, and all' efforts on the girl's part, to rouse her proved ineffectual. In her fright, Judith summouod Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and sho, in her tUrn, summoned the faiiiily physician. But he shook. his head, almost, j as soon as liis eyos restod.on the white,' frozen face. The discaso was beyond his. skill, he could do no mora than administer' a simple stimulant. ' But toward night, of her own will, the countess roused up. Very white, ? nnd still, and 'silent, she remained, but she was clear-headed aud conscious, and be gan at once to mako her arrangomcnts for leaving Sevenoaks. 'Hor husband had cast hor ollVand sho determined to ropair at onco to her own castle, known as Auklarid Oaks; she was too proud in hor injured innocence to mako ono effort toward cloaririg herself in his eyes, or regaining hiB confidence and affection. ' Wo shall sot out early in tho morning, Judith,' she said, quietly, ' and I want you to make all necessary arrangements ; that is,' she added, with a wan smile, 'if you intend: to stand by mo now, in my hour of trial!' Tho'girl burst into tears. 'My dear, dear lady,' sho sobbed, ':l»ow can yon doubt mo V' 'I do not doubt you, Judith,' returned tho countoss, ' I trust you.; you are my one true friend and helper in all the world.' Tho following orriing found every thing in readiness. .The count.oss break fasted in her own apartments.' Her trunks stood out in tho hall, her privato carriage was ordered. Sho made her explanations to Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and charged her with tho task of excusing her to tho few guosts still remaining. Only one task remained to her before she went out . from her husband's -home forever.. Sho must bid adieu to lier children. ..Ohv bitter, bitter task I The poor mother put it off till the very last moment. .Her husband had decreed that they should bo given to Lady Novillo's ohargo, and thoy woro td go down to Lon don that very afternoon, in tho care of Lord Strathspoy's notary. Ho was lord and msstor of all, and nothing remained for: but to submit and obey. | She crossed tho hair with tottering steps, and tapped at tho nursery door. Tlio Dundas woman opened it. Lady Pearl and lier brother had just finished their breakfast. ' 0/ mamma,' oriod Pearl, , 'you aro going down to London, too 1 I'm so glad! Lola said you wasn't but you will go l'. ... Tlio countess drew the child to her bosom and signed to the nurse to leave the room. She oboyod, with a Btrange glitter iu her dusky eyos. ' Mamma cannot go to London now,' the. poor mother boggn, choking down the aohing misury at. her heart ; ' but Lady Pearl shall go, and stay awhile with Aunt Neville.' ?VI don't want to go without you, maiuma.' 1 - ' But you -must, my darling. Mamma {? obliged to go on a jouru»y now; brother Angus will go with you, and papa wil come soon; and you'll see the great city, and have Bojmony pretty things, and play with Cousin;yictoria,.and Aunt Neville will be vory kind to you.' \- The child grew sptnowhat pacified, and the young hoir.stodd passive, his light,5' opaque' eyes expressive of neither ono thing or the othoiy , ? : Tho countosB arose, feoling that in a few momenta her strength and fortitude, would give way. She turned to the boy first, and .took^both of his sallow cheeks in. her hands. ... ' Good-bye, Angus,' she said kissing him repeatedly, ' in the years to come you shall suffer no wrong at my hands. Heavon bloss you.' Tlio loy received tlio embrace asilie did everything else, with passive indiffer ence.-1 But-little Marguerite -sobbed and: clung to hor mother in passionate grief. 'My darling, may Heavon keep you from harm,' murmured the countess. Then, with ono last convulsivo embraco, she toro hercelf away. Sho had parted from hor children, perhaps forever. Yet her step was firm, and hor bearing like thatof an outraged quern, as she traversed the long corridor, phasing tlio. apartments in which her husband mid his lawyor sat, the doors doublo: locked. Judith awaited her in the hall, and the carriage was at tho door. Sho entered it, and without ono backward glanco, passed out from tho grand, old manor, and undor tho branches of ' tho giant oaks, on her way to tho homo of her childhood — a dis graced and discarded wife 1 As she rolled along in the yellow, autumn sunlight, a sudden remembrance of that awful morning, when the strange apparition appeared before her, as she sat under the great rock at Strathspey Towers, flashed Across her mind. 'You shall bo robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by your husband, and derided by tho world !' ' Ah, Heaven,' she murmured, ' how fearfully tho terrible prediction has been fulfilled I What meroilc-sa fate ia pursuing mo? What in all my life havo I ever done, that all this woe and desolatson should come upon mo?' ! In the meantime, tho Earl of Strathspoy was making his final preparations ! Everything had been arranged betweon liim and Colonol Gilbert Vornoy, who was then at his sister's residence, only a short distance from Sevenoaks. The seconds had settled all the prelimi nares, and. the deadly meeting was to take placo on tho following morning at sun rise, at a spot known as Willow Ridgo, a socludcd place somo seven or eight mileB distant; ' ; Lord Strathspoy knew well enough that tho chances against him were two to one. His adversary was a cool, strong-nerved man, an old sjldier, and a dead shot. There was littlo hopo that he would escape with his life 1 And i» viow of this state of things, lie was engaged throughout the day in closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death and eternity. Aud calmly onough he did it, for, in that hour, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, with all his wealth and honors, was not much in lovo with life. . He made his will, providing handsomely for his daughter, and leaving oveything [else to his Bon and heir, aav-) an annuity to his late countess, and five thousand pounds to bo deposited in the bank to the order of J udith Ford. Ilis two children, he left in charge of his sister, appointing her hus bau'd, Sir Marshall Nuvillo, aa guardian and exccutor. . This done, in his silent, and desolate home, he sat down nnd waited for the slow hours of the autumn night to wear away, and tho morrow dawn, which, in all probability,, would mako him a murderer, in the same moment that it sent his guilty soul into tho presence of his Maker. \ (TO BE CONTlNUItD) ? ? 1. ? 