Miss Daisy: "I am sure, mammas Mr. Singsouinet's manners. are most highly polished." Mamma, with no nonsense about her : " That makes no difference to society, -my dear, so long as his elbows .are in, the same erndition. Mr. Singsonnet must go." BusinessPointednese.-Old lady (rushing into a shop): "Say, mister II want some paint." Obliging clerk : "Yes-mr. Face' or fence " - Versifier :" You neglected, to return my poem." Editor: "-Yes, on the principle of the golden rule. I remembered how it affected me when I received it, and I wanted to spare you a similar experience." She was a modest and timid girl,.. Retiring, weak and shy; But she knew how to talk till your hair would curl On the whenceness of the why. "Man wants but little here below," So runs the ancient song, But it, as all sane mortals know, 'Is wildly, grossly wrong; For from the day that sees his birth It seems that every one . Is. bound to have, besides the'earth, A mortgage onuthe sun. A ain and ignorant woman of the shoddy tribe, boasting the other day. of the progress imde by her son 'i arithmetic, exultidgly said, "he was in the mortifica tion table." First Department Official: "'I had a strange experience to-day--strange." Second Department Official: "You look as if you had seen a ghost. Come, tell me the story ; anything. to relieve the monotony." " It Is not a ghost story. It's all flesh and 'blood." " Well,. well, out with it;" " A inan came to me to-day to ask about a matter which I could not refer to any other department and I actually had to attend to it myself." Mrs.i Wiggers: "Dear, dear, I'm most dead; but I'll have to chop. some wood." Mrs, Miggers : "Chop wood, indeed.; why doesn't your husband do tha?'. ","Oh, he never has time to do anything. ' He writes in his study an hour every day, and has to rest after .that." " Humph I'. What's he writing ?" " Another book on the labour problem." Cynioal dentist: "Well, how do the new teeth work ?" Patient : "Not very well. They seem to out the otherii;" C.D. : "That is perfectly natural. They belong to an entirely different set, you know I " One day the Grand Old Man of Hawarden -Went.out to fell trees in his gawarden; He fired a big chip 'Gainst a churchwarden's lip, And said most politely, "Beg pawardon." A writer on the small boy says' he- has a deal of aplomb. He has the whole of it generally, no matter how much he may be urged to share a plumb with his little sister. Miss Sweetlips: "Ever :sinoe :I -was a little girl, my papa has sent me a valentine, and I've saved them all." Mr." Bhinderby : "By Jove! what a lot -yonu.must have 1" Then he was sorry for what he said. Wife (returning from chrob) : "Why, my dear, where are the children ? I don't hear a sound." 'Weary husband (who has been keeping-house) : "I don't know, and I don't 'care ; but I think likely: they are downstairs in the jelly oloset." Edison has invented"'a speaking- baby. What we want to see him'airn, his attention to is.a baby that.will get up nlt night aind. find its own paregoric. Or; better still, a baby which willnot speak at all. "Perhaps," said the poet, timidly, as the great editor held his poem along-time with out speaking, "PPrhdps youuthink there is more rhyme than reason in my poem." "Shouldn't wonder," replied the great man, .kindly .; " there couldn't be any less," And, taking the prbffered manuscript in his trembling hand,with a.heavy sigh, Robert Browning strode wearily out of the office of the "Jenkingtown Refrigerator.' Personm: i Lndlord and stewaid . "Have you tied au the butter !' "Ilt is done, sir." ""And chained down the cheese ?" "Yes, sir." "Are the imitation tomatoes onh I" "They are, sir," "Where is the wax fruit 7" "On the sideboard." "Then you can lead the chicken through the soup, wave the ham'bone over the china eggs and serve up the porcelain steak." By the sea, one summer, high upon the ledges, Sat a pawnbroker chap with the maid-of his love; He looked in her eyes as he murmured sweet pledges, And called as his witness the blue sky. above, A witness uncalled was concealed in the hedges, The young lady's mamma, quite as doubt ing as Thomas, Well versed in the valine of unredeemed A lie found when he paid for the breach of his pIromise. When universal matter was a nebulous affair, Ere the macrocosm started to evolve, When a sort of atom-anarchy existed every where, d-Ere the nuclei had started to revolve, And matter to these centres had begun to gravitate, Did nascent gag-constructors at their own wit cachinnate 7 i When the EaoZoon was hustling in the deep Laurentian seas, His calcareonus secretions to amass, Did he dare in the security of rhizopodic ease And with facial development of brass A1n Bozoic'neighbor to accost with accents .bold; And fiendishly ejacniulate, "Good morning I Ain't it cold I" When the prehistoric critic to the prehistoric bard, With post- glacial gelidity and nerve, Said cacophony andruggedness of metre often marred The sUblimity:of flow and rhythmic verve That should mark all epics based on anthro pogenetiic spats, ' Did the prehistoric versifier dare to murmur "Rats 7" 