All memtbers and inteirding tsmlembes of the Star of Foolseray Cricket Club are reqtuested to turn up for practice to-day, on their old pitch, not later than 2.30. The following namtes were omutitted tromn the list of Patrons to the Footserny Cricket Club :-Messrs. lisidwin, King, Humphrey. Omerod, Newell, Thomas. Mr. F. J. Cute, hairdresser. Barkly street, ro quests to notify that he will keep open his shop on Thursday for the future. 'lttireasonis that the other hairdressers tlo not observe the weekly holiday. - A must inmportant sale will take ilace to-day at Messrs. Barntet, Gallant aud Ct,. s mart, and consists, as may be teen front the advertise. ment, of splendid business corners ansI villa sites on the Geelong road, Druop street, etc. The famous play of 'Arrah-na-lPogue wcill be proc'uced to-night by a large and strengthened company of M1r. Metealfe, and it will be tone of the best and most amusing plays, fall of Irish wit, fun and incident. :Tenders fir the lirst section of the main drain are called far in another column, retara able on or before Wednesday, October 9 It Thus a start is to be made suon a very much needed wurk. A nasty accident occurred 'on Saturday, on the Swamp road, whereby a youth was injured* Ile wvas riding a spirited mare to the sbhop of Mr, John 0'Shea, amj hasl previ .u.ly Ireen cautioned not to ride bhtt to lead the animal, yet boy.like, the temptation of being on a tine lsone was irrisistible. The result was that thy saddle twisted and he was violently thr,,sn, sustairning cuts on tile head, I e is, however, reported to be progressing favorably.. In another place appears a ntstice that Messrs. reter lBrothers, who have been long and favorably known to the public here in the coal and woed tiusiness, have now added that of carriers and the removal of lurniture to thrir as'ocatinn. A line lurnitture vane from the shop of Mr. F. Long, is realty worthy of notrce as a tecal produetion, and would be almost in itsvlf an indttcemcnt fat tatte people to shirt their belongings. The attention of contractors and investors is directed to the nottce th st the sites in Nichol son street, on the Mechanics' Instituec and Public Library resetee are now opsen for offer for twenly-nne yeara under building lease, It may be that the litod bgotu prices eupectrd when the leases were offered by aucriun tras to. sncceateat prevented the occupation of' thei laud.' Mr. Barr in snuther Islace invitus offrra .for the right of leases, which should by eagerly taken advantage of. (Councillors appear to be thorough believers in the saying thac prsriltits have no honour in their own cosniry, am tn connectjon with the valuations re the. properties affected try ftle main drain, none oif the local valuers fund ilisir tameprsolegion) ha a ghost of a chancy. All the rofts n ths eentareto by given trt a cily gentlionan, To fully carry ornt tite: pralivy, ws atight go send nor amylls tO slfeltsxaurpe, al~s, and get qtry yoanngipops iported from thlence. The fieat rnund far tlhis laurnanleul eas plsty~d at Mr. Iherbert's t,!aoit tsoom, Nicholsonstrect, hths week, and resulted as fotllws :-J. Miller zro beat J. IDurbur 20; ti. Buckley 8 beat S.' Wilmot 8; C. Murphy I8 beat P. Ken jo; W. White 50 beat II, ?4sntle so; G. Urban to best T. Mifehell a); IH, ljampf 24 beat C. Schoman i S. Thomas 5 Iseat F, Junce r 2 Heatly t leat D), Parry 301 R, Fertch 3o beat Gr. lKampf aolg A, Clark 30 beat WV. I'opkins u2; Ley IS heat C. Dohery 5 r W, Enmmerson S beat J. Coward g; fr, Sutith 7 beat E,' Millar 30; F. Smith scratch beat C, l'earce. go; .Vt. K~eddic beat Chartle aJ; T, Cuthltertson 5 beat). 0. Inglis to. The second round will be' continued neat week, and some escitement is anticipated. - Holloway's Ointment,-Mtiners and workers in the Goldlields.-- This invaluable' and me-' nowned.- Ointment is extensively used, and patronised by such people to their' very great advantage, being easy of appltcatinn'and port.' able in small cumpass. When used in conlune lion with Holloway's Pills in accordance with the clear and concise directiuns fsr use, which accompany each pot' and boa, there are lsu few of rhe diseases which affict mrankind witch, still 'not yield to the aanatise growers if thrI coiisb~nedl Seri*'ids. I fotlssvwy's OiL.rrnent Pills dia not rdeleriarktte Iry keepin unsr. b change of climate, ansi assth.eycunit .is rnr sde leterious mineral drug, they~coit Ie uscii will' rthe mriist perfect safety ouslur rhe rrrs~ t a riers climatic ad =anilary coiadisioas. forothisra play 23 Jt5hkei preayrc~am~entrofoi an whihootseayun himssel thdohe' d OTModa ever-ponla taheloret Ausseably il ceaerae ty cmpae Wogfame sson amusement ::pdr a , 1ba alharge andtalnte ntcmpanyd. Pesndeiusownesg a stmesmber ofbtae Elecions andet Qulfictons h Scoetaytle for. the A. agisaiv Council. Htee wil av a livelyar felswdfediur g, pcsabyis fod oesu plaed godin alk prdicarments to thats ceeburaed the clsercs of th ise-cason oanarida Medvenign Vninefo the noya Hallsb an plaina An franc dressbll. someathingas bee may be aticiated. he rsonivs ndesirouens of wtesn the costumes may lobtahin blconystickets firomth Secretary, Mer.eA. A.d Harris, Hokn staret.h bye thde ircnr iSsued iebnethi day' coldect drape and lothier, announctes hisnew sprling fieand smm~egods mal odeartments. He hasdn seoardob the servics of atheaothclasufes mangem A great cideaofsnpt hypee has beenesdpay to toardsthle relat iv ers and depedenso ofi the 4creme who lstanigi thei lived at the fire atd Georgeatoy and Geores and atreantd sntar has bee madhe in Sothw Melourne, trou colet ah nov doutste claims of them other g asiversefro techerlt isastero wilhe dulyg staeneop. AFnastye acidntdapeed nchme Wer rnbbita eto aminttle hlvellowena yars eold, the' sonis of C. 4cwts. wash standin inthe ard aity ther nto aond b oult tcartsy anbte ehildmocted intoas the vehaile o eachmod.ss tfonseqar~ursatrlyh hes gotdon ith end paroaty oth ! bweun it, btipha tuprnd hoerwa the orsowndtente groun wthe the bappined, no boesl with biuknns andhe ishnowt recoeriwecng fosugeti ot themdmae usaied minte nd hpves been laid haoe the Miniter of. hest cond scarcelytbe qeapete togas* h detailsmeofieachmethe od. Coneuently he has getiorncdorttr the repndene to the Borltar 'apinted to deal withobunnRives. 'he shotatd remed wevcan suggessth isto torn them inato shtew n piercbutd yuchabe to catchethem coatendtsThert is tevqery.hn vaemir Atla mhetingt cafnth Town Conils onrm We gestionstogalte the name of "the C/Sacartwate Rivetrai) tofTe he losonwier."r 'od loe stated thatritsipesofnent til owsme.Isnai ais ptiutlid notyleveripesn exrsstefqualit of the water. Whato ter caulowd 'desribeit proery, norhits contentHoso Therei, evmeryhn vle in mtandwh coud suggestte the clname ofeterClal amusivr imuities ofr anendeebt ome. aln his patritic was allowed to lapse. Th ak uadrille Club give a fancy| drs alo rday evening, which, no doubt, wilcue annsual amount ot interest and atrc ag ticndance. Five magnilicent przswl egven as follows :-A bcautiful sivrsdgl ruit epergne, consisting of a feae~iuensraining a glass dish. for the betdesdld. A massive silver and gilt lurdcaetankard, for the best dressed genteman A fncy lue glass nut dish, for theosot oignallad'sdress. A ailver liquor stan wit twopinkglass decanters, for tire msorgnlgntleman's costume. A superb godndd amod bracelet, far the best sos tae (hrce lady). -The prizes -are on viwi h idow of Mr. l'arks, tailor, and or mh dmrto of all who have seen them. Fe oil ae beern so largely attended an thofhanula the U.A.O Druids (lv trdc N.5) held on Friday, n3th inst. Th aia jlendidly decorated with hooting an vrgeo. The Grand Lodge was rersne yBros. Boyd, G.lP.. Brennan, U. anV.P., Peacock, G.G., Willis, I. ' teBasett; P. D.P. of the Board of hnsm phographie picture, the splendid frm Meigb rl. Auderson. Hie spoke in hgtemoftegooad qualitiesof the recipient. MisDvs fYarraville, was the belle at the tr~. Drn he evening several songs were Th oeflfeeling evinced by a number oftesbcies loathe Lady Lroch Testimonial Fudaais h proposal to send the money (C80 oEgland for the purchase of a aruei teetr presentation to Her Ladyship hsruld-sit ought to base dane-in a reosieaio fthe arrangement, and it wvas thuh aetan probable that the presenta lia uldb ofcolonial manufacture. The scyhnomead elegant vases nonv on view inMlere nended foe presentation to the trneadPincess of WVates as a Silver ~'dngtknshows what can be dune in the cooy n saguaranecc that Lsdy Loch's pru atwul o hc less than a trophy of aritcs itn workmainship. But .the fates ssr gis ithi ie shape at tbc free-traders, topi esadCalico Jimmies, sslo, alter two atmthatben made Ig rescind the resils tirrngr.t secure a majrrity ol votes to scdtemnyhome and rthe work out of nprsncof a rerquisition. signed try tire ledn e iret at Korroroit Creek, a publric n weigwscnened try the President rrf the Bryro hr, for Saturday last, at Dicksrrn's litl oootCreek, In the absence of the l'eiet hogh indisposition, Cr, Partley wa oedt h chair; and, having read the moincneig the mrecting, invited those prsnodscus the several matters thereon s~ ot1tepincipal of which were, increased psa, egair andr raitresy facilities, together wihIt er rjuestion of water supply. CruclusCristre. florneti, Derhanm ann e othe matters alrearty men alosome of the ratepayers prsn n fwas pitimately decided to call a trhrmeig, for Monamiy. 23rd irtst, at th so lcat y pttp., when it is hoped a muhlagrr ndtg will lag the result to deal wihte usins. The meeting, which was srgele nnmbers aftrr the opening, com pieabu oralepaycro. The chairman scas rqetdtinite ihe Press to pout meeting. Acpoftelease granleri by the Gocern mett IeClnial Ammnanition Company of abokolando the Saltwaster River, forr trrrssa srridge factory. was laid on the ea s islalice Assembly an Tuesday, Teln sgated at a peprpercorn rent for gByaaanthe company, swho sre trr erect nntauntnfactory according to designsap prvdo yteCovernment. agree to suppl th eec eartment with eantridgos at..h nm prcaswould be laine for nupplies otirtfooEgland. This contract is to rmiinfrefor 25 years, The establish eaoftifatory has been pending for a ludtme o ow thst it is practicslly scttled wemyepc large augmentation to the puataino at ponrtion of the town, It will breetbrelthat overitures werr mgdc to Sir her takso behalf of the; New Soruth Wae ivetmft to jolts with Victoria ira this moeen r rttarho colrnies indetrendent of susrissIatnufition from Englanri in case sfsa.btmfr Sir Ilpury has not agreed to thp iclriqanrrn~cenls, Jtis to Ire houped tha hctti outasisspll prevail, nfl I thptt a colnis aramorrunfactory mrry I avp the supprt o allthe oluoes.. Te rotrymeeting of tire Footscray Late'heeoent Society seas held in the Tw alotTrtesday, September lath. Ils ors rsirlett, occupiedt rle chair, and th oliglades were Irresont :-lllcsdames Anesn rliso, Coming. Iawlor, Sims, mhtirs trr n Stewart.. The minutes of teIrio soteing ssfre read 5nd ponfirmred. Teutv rd arspseden:c swss read and apir prvnrf etr ofatrulogy, a ith subscription, fro.-1t~.Bitchell (frIayoress), .received, Letr rmteRevs, Mi U. hiart, 1irewer ad Vatrsating their inability .to assist wtotteeascot at the Board of Manage rrtanGurans, ard from Father WValsh, stln*hi*wligo Cr to as-icr as soon as it wacnein to the other churches. :Front teatnsertry te Government grant, ask in rIreb rmila rtrrn at las' year sbalance she..rIesprrliest From Town Currucit, grnrn theuet te Tea-n Hall and dons Irn heerlt charty vrrtc.- Rec-eied with thnr i.II- V. WIt I sheet,, Mi L.C., .eretngtat t hrorbtlhe a-r'ty c.Ils nrarle ratrrh.asuna .1 r --rsc .1 e t-r the rrcra nfrra C . Ihartrer. acirrow g -iarr rrsesar, a-. ate clan hw rv at srar ser.a jr--artfart arar-,t enrteav tr ahlrtautare aate. l( -rscswsgrarlterl tterfa itean dratroes, and the meeting 1 hb e v *ltubp Walter witi preach in the F ootasaay Weotnysn Church on Sunday morn. tug, and Mr. Ithce in the evening. Mr. A. Durnows was sworn inass a Justice of the Peace before Judge Itotroyd on Wednesday, and took his nsat on the Bench on Thiirsday. Mr. Pert while at work yeaterday beside the Mechanics', Iustitute,'1lelthb,his'est far a few minutes'at the other sade of the huitding.LtJOn his return he found that, six sovereigos had beeni abstrsTI'Ed. The Misses Doyton, as will he seen froin their adventisemunt, have stasted business as ,tres~smskersr, milliners, etc., neat the'Prmsby' rerians Church. Thse shop window 'dispiyu great taste, and from the skilt and raersnc of these young ladies, we have no doubt but thast their wosrk 'wilt give great nsaisfactiun. Footscray ahousld reijiember the importance of patronising local industry. 'Thos who are accustomed to traverse our streets rosy have noticed a spectre of a dog,a victim ol mange, thatniakes sta appearanceaou of sit sorts ot places, aimlessly followitig the footpsath, and turning into the first retreat that presents itself. " Dog's fiod their own clothe," sanold' admission, but the complainit that aflicts this poor animal, prevents nature from providin, suitaiste covering, the hair. having nearly all disappeared. It is a kind of no man's dog. To gis'e'some idea of'its social and domestic qualities, a certain Mrs Goed' woman went out the other day for a time, and left the dour open.f When she returned, she was astonished to find the cradle occupsied (by this visiting dog. She ran out to obtain assist' ance, but when she came back- like Msrs Hubbard-the dog was under the Ised, as his two glowing eyes showed in the dark, and with difficulty iswsdislodged with ctothes ple Owng tohiu lavingnuupe h nadlfu0 the head and eyebrows. The father'o the chilui has got uhe osange in his whiskers, on account of nursing 'the child, and the Health Officer has the epidemic on his list as a new disease. There isanother dog at'the' railway station at Yarravilte, generally found oss the elevated footbridge, on which tse persisatngly remains from' day to day with a dogged (pun, very; bad hut unavoidable) resolution, as. peruonification of fidelity looking' slimetimes te Foosseray, and again towards WVilliamsstown, and gazing with' mule eaxpecuancy into each face,m witing in vain for the master who neve, 