LADY" JbTftATHMORE'S STRATAGEM. BTCLAKA MOIBOLLASD, Author of "The Miser of King's Court," " Percy's Revenge," &c.;« CHAPTER X. After this conversation with his mother the whole tenor of iiord Strathmore's life was changed. Until now bis greatest wish had been that he should never meet any of the HerBtala a«ain—his constant prayer that he might be able to baniBh all thoughts of Lucy, and crush the love with which she had inspired him. So far he had not been successful in his efforts; his prayers had been of no avaiL To strive to forget any person or thinK is only to think of them more continually—more earnestly than ever. Such was Lord Strathmore's experience. And so after two years without seeing her for an Instant, or exchanging a word with her, Lucy's image seemed only more clearly In his mind; her sweet voice more frequently in his ears. He oould not forget, and now, to his intense joy, the necessity for doing so was all at onoe removed. " i'ne iaot that she is your sister places an insurmountable barrier between her and me," he had told John Herstal in hia anger. But he did not think so now, and, in his delight at finding that the oruel suspicions witn which his mind had been poisoned against her father were utterly false and without foundation, he forgot her brother, his insolence, and his gambling. He felt full of remorae lor the shameful manner in which he had treated these friends of his youth, and he determined to find them, and make all the amends possible for his unworthy conduct. He would open his hear* to Lucy, try to win her love, and, if he oould persuade her to forgive and forget, make her his wife, . Of this he said nothing to Lady Strathmore. She returned to the seclusion of Longbridge, and he at once set to work to make enquiries about the Hernials. The information received was scanty. They had gone to Australia; but to what particular part of that wide continent no one seemed to know. They had been very reticent, and had talked little to any of their neighbours, either of their futon life or where they intended Bpending it. "The doctor and his wife were both in feeble health,",wrote the Longbridge solicitor tor to whom Lord Strathmore had applied in his difficulty. "They had suffered much, and were greatly distressed at leaving their home. It is more than probable that they are dead, The son is a scamp, and did not, as for as I am aware, aocompany his parents to Australia. Nothing is known of him here. Miss Lucy is, I should think, married before this to some rich settler. Much a beautiful girl would be much sought after in the colonies." "Indeed?" muttered Strathmore. "Is that your opinion, Mr. Grind 2 Howe/er, no one aBked for it; and I can't see what you know about the matter. But what is this nonsense about Longbridge ?" "Strange rumours are afloat in the vil- lage," wrote the solicitor, "concerning the Abbey. It is said to be haunted. CurionB noises are heard there at night. The servants are all leaving one after the other; and now there only remain a few very old retainers to wait upon her ladyship, who is looking pale and worn. You should, I think, peisuade Lady Strathmore to leave the place. Change of air and scene would, I am sure, benefit her muoh. What fools people are," cried Strathmore angrily as he toisea the letter aBide. " Ghosts at the Abbey 1 What rubbish! Hats, I Buppose. Well, they eannot annoy my mother much. She never mentioned them when in toys, and was quite eager to get baok to the old place. And as to my trying to get her away, it's utterly useless. I have said all I could upon that subject lone ago." But, nevertheless, he wrote to his mother that evening, telling her the rumours he had heard, and begging her once more to shut up the Abbey and come to live in London. Her reply was a ^decided refusal. The idea of ghosts was a preposterous one. She liked Longbridge, and intended staying there for the present. She was perfectly happy and quite well, and assured him that he need not be uneasy about her. " When I see a ghost," she wrote, "I will certainly believe in him, and question him closely as to his business at the Abbey. So far I have never seen or heard anything that I cannot understand and account for perfectly. As to the servants leaving, that need not alarm you. I myself wished them to go, and told them so. Living alone, I require but a small staff of domestics. I am as comfortable as can be. Fray do not believe all the old women's teles you hear, and, above all, do not fret about them. Go into society and' enjoy yourself. Let me feel that you appreciate your position as Lord Strathmore, ana that you are happy in it. Then I shall be content. All my troubles and anxiety shall be forgotten." < " What dees she meant" thought Strathmore. " Trouble and anxiety. Mother, mother, solitude is not good for you. However, wilful woman must have her way. There is no moving you, 1 Bee: so from this hour I'll leave you in peaoe. Heigh ho 1 I don't think 1 at all appreciate the glory of being Lord Strathmore. It's an unfortunate name, and bringB little happiness to its owner. I was much happier as Hugh Loraine. Society has no oharms for me; I hate it; Fm sick of England. There is not a 8Q.nl In this great wilderness of London that I care a jot for; BO I'll shake its dust from oS my feet and go abroad." And abroad he went First to France and Italy, then to Germany, and finally into Bels^um; but he enjoyed nothing, Pioture galleries fatigued him; ohurohes bored him ; and the crowds of tourists, both English and American, that he met everywhere diBgusted and eojoyed him. The thought of Luoy, the longing to see her, grew stronger every day. The recolleotion of the cruel manner in wtuah he had treated her at their last meeting, filled him with rage and indignation. He could not obtain any definite information as to her whereabouts; but he resolved to seek her oat. Australia was a wide region, He had not the faintest idea to what part of that immense country ehe had gone, and at first it had Beemed a hopelesB task to follow her there. But suddenly he felt he must find her; and he determined to set out at once—to sail by the first steamer for Melbourne. There and then he wrote and engaged a berth in Le Baron, and, full of delight, announced his departure to his mother at Longbridge. There were still ten days to elapse before the sailing of the Baron, and he wandered aimlessly from one Belgian town to another, scarcely knowing where he went or what he saw. He was to sail from Antwerp, aud towards that city he slowly bent his steps. Le Baron was advertised to leave for Melbourne On August 20, and on the 15th of that month he found himself in the dull old town of Malines. Its silent streets and quiet sleepiness suited his present mood, and he resolved to remain in this peaceful spot till the eve of his departure for Australia. It was evening when he reaohed Malines from Brussels; and, having chosen a room in •the more than half-empty hotel, and ordered chis dinner for 8 o'clock, he put on his hat Again and went out for a walk. "Delightfully quiet," was his verdict " Scarcely a soul to be seen. No tourists in the hotel—just the sequestered retreat I have longed for." And he strolled on, smoking his cigar, Us mind full of his approaching voyage, and its oause, his ardent and ever-increasing desire to see Luoy Herstal. "My mother thinks I am mad to undertake suoh * wild-goose chase," he thought sadly. "And perhaps I am. Bat I must be • moving—and I may as well go to a new . country as not. la Australia I may hear -something of Dr. Herstal and his family. ••Here suoh a thing is impossible. That Luoy : is married, I cannot, tad will not, believe. And yet—well, EVE^ BO—I must—I will see iier. - And 1 fee) certain I shall find her." As he PMVed the fine old cathedral of St. Jftombant. gteod for a moment to look at Us qnair jt CTr(?oy i M an d massive walls, the • aweUl- Jf , B0Ung of tho rich-toned organ fell SP'ahis ear. It was a great feast of the >,uuroh, the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin, and vespers were being sung. Strathmore flung aside his oigar, and pushing open one of the heavy doors entered the sacred edifise, The Churoh was crowded. A multitude of men, women, and children filled the vast building. Some followed the beautiful service that was going on at the high altar, and othen knelt apart, absorbed intheirown devotions. Clouds of inoense floated through the air; the priests in rich vestments ohanted the psalms of the day to •Which the choir sang the responses in olear, sweet voices. Then came a loud peal from the organ; all ros-s to their feet; and m tones Oftriamph the singers poured forth that magnificent hymn of praise, the «Te Deum. Strathmore covered his faoe with hu hands He was deeply moved. His heart WM full of sorrow. There waa no cause for thMkseivfog in his soal, and yet the beauty of toe eong carried him away. . He forgot himself, and felt he must join m thucan- UcTeofpraise. He must bless and glorify his God. , , , . "0 Lord, in Thee have I trusted ; let me never be confounded." The last beautifol words sounded mhb ears and filled him with hope, and, falling on hisknees, he raised his eyes to the alt^and £ neated them several times, adding a fervent nraverifor help, in this his undertaking, and to assist him to find Lucy and re'to « her to his love, i'uwatly wund of a grand Amen filled the Chnrch with its deep swelling notes, then faded gradually away into silence. The priests and aoholytea passed down in procession from the altar, and the congregation began to disperse. Strathmore rose to his feet. It was no longer possible to think or pray. People pushed about, were anxious to depart, and were not always quiet or gentle in their endeavours to do so. Strathmore was not in a hurry, so leaning against a pillar he waited for the first cruBn to be over, hoping he should then be able to effect an easy exit. At he stood thus, he gazed around noting the many beauties of the fine interior. Suddenly he started. His heart beat rapidly; and with changing colour he stepped quickly up the aisle. Then he stopped abruptly. "I'm a fool," he muttered; how could it be?—and yet ." Before him, in a little side chapel, her hands resting on the altar rails, knelt a young girl. From her carriage and general demeanour, he saw she was English; and for a moment he felt certain that it was Lucy Herstal. " How like her figure—how like 1" he cried. " But it is nonsense. Lucy is in Australia. My longing to see her makes me think every pretty woman like her." The girl sighed. He approached a little nearer, and gazed at her eagerly. She raised her head. And then as he saw the regular profile, with its short upper lip, delioately rounded chin, the long sweeping lashes, and the fair soft cheek, he knew that Lucy Herstal knelt before him. Lucy!" he whispered breathlessly. TLucy!" The girl started, and looking round, reoognised him in an instant. She sprang to her feet Her colour deepened and paled again. A terrified expression came into her eyes, and with a low exolamation of dismay she turned and fled through the orowd. "Gone !" he cried, sinking down upon the sofa in the hotel, after a longandfutile search up and down the Church, and through the streets for the young cirL " But I must and will find her. If only I knew why she seemed so teirified 1 Luoy, Lucy! You cannot hate me—or refuse to forgive my past conduct! Oh, my darling, if you could but guess. If But I will find her. In a small place like this ehe must Barely be well known. Thank God I saw her. How terrible if I had sailed for Australia and left her behind." 