CURRENT TOPICS. The country bumpkin, whistling as he passed tlio churchyard to show that he did not care a hang for ghosts, was imitated to the letter bv Mr. Carrutii ers as ho reviewed the political situation before his constituents last night. Every one can see that the success of Protection is now assured, and that the whole of the tactics of the present Government consist of ruses for avoiding tho speetro of uprison labor at tho next election. Thi3 is what the Parkesian federation dodge means, and tho same motive is at tho back of the offer to bribo a largo section of work ing men with special locomotive contracts. It has been already admitted in tho Free" trade press that tho proposed federation scheme is expected to benefit the importing ring- by alienating tho sympathies of - the farmers from Protection, and thereby enabling them to bring all Au3tralian artizans under tho thumb of foreign compe tition. This very argument has been uublushingly used' by way of quietening the fears of the "lo3s confident" of the calico party who hesitate to " trust tho "confederation." The plain meaning of it is that the Free-trade party recognise the absolute necessity of bamboozling the farmers, in order to prevent Protection from spoodily triumphing. And yet iu face of thoso facts, which the whole public have before them, Mr. Carrctiiers stated last night that the Foreign-trade ring have no . reason to look upon tho farmers in any other iglit than that of devotod and enthu siastic political allies. Ho had just made a tour amongst the country settlors, and was able to say that he found them just as much dovoted to tho cause of tho calico ring as tho importers' clerks and civil servants whom he had the honor to roprosont at Canterbury. This sort. of whistling may drive away tho fear of Protection from Mr. Oarruthers' own mind or it may not, but it is hardly likely that comm&n-scnso; Free-traders will derive much consolation from it. The country settlers from whom Mr. Oar ruthers has brought these, testimonies of political fealty to the importing ring are the dairymen of Illawanu, who, having got Protection for thoir own products, have always voted to other people to have the enjoyment of Free-trade. This purblind selfishness may possibly bo relied upon to again return a couple of Free-trade mem bers to represent the protected dairy ing interests of Kiama and Ulladulla, but to refer to that as evidonee of a Free- trade renotion amongst the farmers of Now South Wales issimply the delirium of despair. Yet such aro the moans by which Mr. Carruthers tries to make believe that he is not afraid of Protection over being success ful in this oolony. A man who reaches this stage is a moro fit subject for tendor com- misseration than stern argument. It lias frequently been our unpleasant duty to convict our Hunter-street contemporary of making fiat misstatements of fact 011 the fiscal question, but soldoin has a grosser case of that kind come under notice than is furnished by its leading, columns this morning. Therein it is stated that 20 yearB ago Victoria had reached a condition of great industrial prosperity as tho effect of Free-trado, whoii the policy of the colony was altered to Pro tection, with tho result that tho people found their energies forced into unnatural channels of enterprise, to escape which they commenced leaving that State and flocking into Now South Wales, Since that timo it is furthor stated that the latter colony had been flourish, ng lit the expense of tho former. Now, this statemont may be made in honest ignorance, but ovon so, it is little less cul pable than if it were put forward with all its glaring untruth right before the author's eye. Only yestorday the leading columns of this same journal referred to the remark ably sound financial position which Vic toria oocupies, whore the net earnings of public works not only pay tho interest on public borrowings, but leave a margin of profit over and above. In New South Wales, liowevor, which has lived on land saloB, and borrowed money all tho time that Victoria has been utilising the productive energies of her people, part of each year's interest on tho national debt has now to be made up out of taxntinu, while the publio ledger shows a deficit of ovor three miliious sterling. In faoo of these facts our contemporary states that slnoe the estab lishment of Protection Victoria has been going to tho dogs, whilo New South Walos lias been growing rich at her expense. The reason.why Victoria established Protection 20 years ago was that not Free-trade but the gold rush had attracted a large male population to the colony, for whom, as soon as the minos petered out, thoro was no em ployment. A policy was consequently adopted which encouraged local industry, and the result was to transform tho worked out mining camp into the leading State of Aus tralia. With all her advantages of territory ' and natural resource Now South Wales to-day is unablo to pay her way, whilo Victoria's oxchoquor is in a constant state of overflow. These facts are, iuitunately, beforo the people's own eyes, and consequently, the misrepresenta tions of our contemporary can do little or 110 harm, except by bringing into contempt and disrepute tho character of the paper which persistently puts them forth. The Minister for Education announces that the question "What shall we do with " our boys V" has boon finally solved. Tho answer is to make young schoolmasters of them. He told an astonished audience at Enfield last night that there is now in this colony such a brisk demand'for-the iervicos of young men that the Education Depart ment is unable to procuro for love or money a sufficient number of pupil teachors. It has not boon found necessary to close tho sohools so far on this account as by good management tho supply of labor is still meeting tho demand, but Mr. Carruthers pre dicts a timo iu the near future when tho Government will have to go forth and "hunt up boys" who will bo pressed to take good billets under the Education Department. Of course if the boys refuse on account of other moro gorgoous avenues of employment luring thom away as, according to Mr. Car ruthers, is at present tho cuse there will bo nothing for it but to abolish tho Public school system altogether, and pitch tho useless alphabot iuto the firo. From the picture drawn by Mr. Car ruthers last night one would really thiuk that the danger of this was not only real but imminent. Protection, he stated, was not requirod to furnish employment for boys, as tho question now was to procure boys for billets. Judging from Mr. Car ruthers' recent utterances, it really seems as if the political whirligig was turning his over-weighted brain. Not very long ago we had him. gravely gotting up and pro pounding a now mathematical theory to tho effect that in America you could subtract LOO from LG2, and support a family on tho difference. Hut even this was not moro remarkablo than his present discovery that the solution of tho question " What shall wo " do with our boys ?" is to make school teachors out of the wholo of tho unemployed rising generation, Wo qdviso liim if ho finds any scarcity of applicants for. employ ment under his department to nmko tho fact known by means of a shilling advertisement in tho public pross, and the wholo of that difficulty will imme diately vanish. An advertisement to-mor row for 10 pupil-toachers would elicit 100 prompt and cngor responses. The state ment that tho Education Department is iu any way inconvenienced by tho brisk ness of the labor market making it difficult to obtain pupil teachers is one which wo defy Mr. Carruthers to substantiate, and tho best excuse that wo can imagine for his promulgation of such a palpable untruth is gross ignorance of .the condition of tho country in which he poses as a popular guide. 