Our Trawl Na\ X| The Governor of -one of the Chinese ^B provinces lias forbidden the young men in T| Ui3 jurisdiction to ( wear ' gorgeously j colored arid embroidered garments, t. a practice which he says is. foolish and J unmanly. ? 4 The Congo district appears to be devel oping as a producer 6f tobacco. Brussels tobacconists say -feat its leaves are re- ' markaCly well adopted for cigars, being of exceedingly good flavor and very snpple. Entomologists state tHat there is reasonable hope that a scientific plan will be devised whereby whole tribes of noxions insects may be exterminated by the arti ficial multiplication of their innoxious enemies. % .. Coxsur, Ma?on infqrms . the StAte Department that the recent improvement* 'made 'in the harbor of Marseilles 'have cos* 20,000,000 dollars. The sea-going flee* of the port.. consists of 233 vessels of 2aG,35t tons register. 1 He : (' Now that we are married, we arc one, and I shall insist that this be the last time you- appear in a low-neckfd dre-s.' She : ' We may be one, but yoa are only half of us, and ' I shall dress my half. as I please.' PriErAiUTioxs .are already being made in several German university towns to celebrate next year the 300th anniversary of the invention of the microscope. Zach nrins Jansscn, of Middelburg, put together the tirnt microscope in 1090. . The greatest glory of n building is not in its stones or in its gold. Its glory is in its age, and in that deep sense of voice lcsMicss, of stern watching,1 of mysterious sympathy, which we feel in' walls that have long been washed l-y the passing waves of humanity. — Uuskin*. j Burls, used in making veneers with remarkable eccentricities of grain, are excrescences that grow upon various trees, such as the walnut, rosewood, mahogany, oak, and ash'. They weigh; from 1000 to G000 pounds, and : the largest and best come from Persia, and Cireassia. A wrsE man having a window one yard high and one yard wide, jand requiring ' more light, enlarged .his window to twico its former size, yet the window was still only one yard high and. one yard wide. - How was this done ? This is ii catch question in geometry. The window was diamond-shaped at lirst, and afterwards made 'square. j ? '. c ? TnE Gnildford District Highway Board considered tlie suggestion of a tax upon ' cycles oLall kinds. Complaint was made of the rond« being cut up by 1 cyclists, who contributed nothing to their maintenance ; and. a member said that ouc day he counted between fiOO and 000 wheelmen on the. famous Riploy road. It was unanimously decided to request the Chancellor of the Exchequer to consider the ! propriety - «f introducing a cycle tax. ' Mr. Copcland, jr.L.A., stiys that. the chief object Sir Henry Parkcs has in giving such .proiiifnencu to federation now is to draw the red herring across free trade and protection. Should an imme diate dissolution take place, while he aud his party would strongly snpport federation at the proper time, they decid edly would not allow it at the present time to overshadow the question ? of free trade and protection. -. To many old residents ' of this district (says the Charleville limes) the name of the Nornianton '.murderer, Joe Flick, will, be familiar, lie was a son of Harry Flick, \ a stockman on Murwch, Jlrs. Flick being ? an aboriginal : woman who dressed as a man: .NVhile. 3[r: Okeden was police magistrate here he sentenced old Flick* to six, months' imprisonment in Roma gaol for sonic offences, and on being liberated he returned to Charleville' and took his son Joey north. ? ? '. ? The Japanese have ?. a horror of the ilarkness ; they always keep a light burn ing to ward off ghosts. ? The junkmen utfliew in a ghost who conies to them' and [mlitfh- a-k~ to borrow a dipper. '^The nnswer decider the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with a liottom is bestowed upon ' the ghost, he usos it to liail water enough to swamp the jvmk, but' if the bottom can lie knockiHl out and thrown at him' he ilisappears. In this la^t case the act must be'nccomiiahied by an incantation, ftr the gliiist turns into a s(-a cappa— a niahy-cla'wed monster— rwho' will drag the junk to 'tht1 liottom. -^ Gkxeh.u. ISooth i- n groat consumer of paper. TluvWiir Cry circulates 277,080 ropic- wet'kly, and the cin-ulation of the Youny Soldier is. 110,1QO copies, bcside.1 the nnnifrous postfix, handbilN, tracts, etc., which consume an enormous quantity of |iaper. The nuinlicr of rccl- of pajwr, each about 11 quarter of a mile long, re quired to print one' i«ne of lioth pajHTs, is 1 1 2i, working out -nmetliing like 0S0O for 11 year, while the length of the paper . iicviliil is 2i*i(U miles, pr l:i,.S38 in the yt-nr. The pjiper neighs 2(i tons Ccwt. I'qr., or 'about. lStMJ tons to.ns in',12 iiumtliJ. nhile tin- amount of printing ink cuiiMimcd in tin- M»me pcritMl is It; tons in weight. It is .said thu army has ncquiivd the patent right of a new printing machine, which turns out 10,000 paprrs an hour nnd is capable of printing six colors Mi11ultn.neou.-ly. An instance of profitable Agriculture — a thing, by thu way,' seldom chroniclttl up hero — rcomos from the Government Gar dens. .\u acre of 'pca-uut.t' was the otln-r day tlispo^fd of to a Cliinanmn for L'2t-, the purclmsfr to. gather the crop himself, ,11ml this, too, after six hiindrcd woivrht of uut- hud Ikvu taken off the. land. It may bo ri'inarkiHl in connection ? with (hia. plant that it can lie made to sorvo tliri-t' purposes, and has no waste with it. Kirstly, the seed' produces » very useful oil ; .secondly, it has a good ' nuirkut'M nit tsliblunut, and thinlly, the bush makos an acceptable article of fodder.^, for stock, 'WitluVthe last few days Mr. .., HolUu lias rociived 'enqnt-ics from th» \\* proprietors of a well- known South A' tralinu vinognr.works in 10 ^tho differ i-pooios of oilplttuts thai cau'ue grown ??!' - . th«NortheniTorritory.— Mrtkdmtnltimy £ '' . '* - ' -'. '.'.? 1 «nr r / 