AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF REV. J. G j PATON. Missionary to the New Hebrides. We rise from the perusal of this book with the firm conviction that it will command a wide ?.nd an immediate popularity. It is a record of missionary experiences in the form of an antobiography by that veteran in the mission field, Rev. John G. Paton. His brother who takes the responsibility of publication sends the book forth with the just and pious forecast. ' I publish it because something tells me there is a blessing in it.' The forecast has already been conspicuously endorsed by the demand for a second edition of the work, and the prediction is not a hazardous one that several other editions will quickly follow. For vivid, but seemingly unconscious power of delineation for startling and dramatic situations, but with no eye to effect (the limner and his colouring are alike disdained) for sententious statement of fact and graphic description of scenes and circumstances, the book haa few equals in the same walk of literature. But what most of all strikes the reader, is the deep and all-pervading sense of the Divine presence, in all that the author has to do and suffer. All through the volume are over-heard as it were the communings of a soul with its God. The troubles and sorrows Mr. Paton was called to endure, only evoked from him a loftier expression of settled trust in his Saviour, and a victorious consciousness that (come what might to himself) his work under God would ultimately be crowned with success. The pen which traced those pages it is felt, was dipped in the warmest currents of a loving heart, and guided by the strength of a living all-sanctifying faith. As it was with the Psalmist of old—so it was with this humble missionary. Far out in that terrible wilderness his harp gives forth alternate wails of anguish and prcans of joy. The publication of these missionary experiences at this time is peculiarly opportune furnishing as it, does a pertinent answer to the cavilling questions, 'what have missions to the heathen done ?' Mr. Paton indeed anticipates and gives a practical answer to the question. The scene from which that answer comes is full of pathos. Mr. Paton is down with fever and ague, the plague of measles is sweeping large numbers of the Tannese to the grave, the chiefs are hostile and threat- ening. Kowia, one of his most trusted teachers, himself in a dying condition comes to the couch of the apparently dying missionary. 'On returning to consciousness,' says Mr. Paton,' "I heard as in a dream Kowia lamenting over me, and pleading that I might recover, so us to hear and speak with him before he died. Opening my eyes and looking at him I heard him say—'Missi, all our Aneitumese are sick, Missi Johnstone iB dead—you are sick and T am weak and dying.' 'Unable to speak,' writes Mr, Paton, so he went on bursting into a soliloquy of prayer. 0 Lord Jesus, Missi Johnstone is dead. Thou hast taken him away from this land. 0 Lord, art Thou going to take away all Thy BervanLs from this dark land ? Oh! make the hearts of thia people soft to Thy Word and sweet to Thy worship. Teach them to fear and love Jesus, and oh ! restore and spfire Mi»si, dear Missi Paton, that Tanna may be sa ved.' 'Touched to the very fountains of my being, says the missionary, by such prayers from a man, once a Cannibal.—I began under the breath of God's blessing to revive. A few days thereafter, Kowia came again to me and cried—'Missi, I am very weak ; I am dying; I come to bid you farewell and go away to die. I am nearing death now and will 6oon be with Jesus' The closing scene is then given, ' with many tears,' says Mr. Paton. 'he dragged himself away, and my heart-stringa seemed all tied round that noble simple soul, and felt like breaking one by one as he left me there on my bed of fever all alone. Abraham, (another teacher) sustained him tottering to the peace of graves ; theTehelay down, and immediately gave up the ghost and slept in Jesus. Thus died a man who had been a Cannibal chief, but by the grace of God, and the Love of Jesus, changed, transfigured into a character of light and beauty. What think ye of this ye scoffers at missions ? What think ye of this, ye sceptics as to the reality of conversion ? He died as he lived, since Jesus came to his heart, without a fear as to death, with an ever-brightening assurance as to salvation, and glory through the blood of the Lamb of God, that blood which had cleansed him from all his sins, and had delivered him from their power—I lost in losing him, one of my best friends and most courageous helpers ; but I knew that day, and I know now that there i3 one soul at least from Tanna to sing the glories of Jesus in Heaven—and oh, therapture when I meet him there!' The missionary lives and labors to save, enlighten, and elevate. A ghastly contrast is given in the procee-dure of traders, white men ; fellow-countrymen too, whose fiendish policy is to counteract and destroy all missionary effort. Mr. Paton gives a justly indignant account of their cruel tactics. ' About this time ' he writes :—I had a never-to-be-forgotten illustration of the infernal spirit that possessed some of tne traders towards these poor natives. One morning, three or four vessels entered our harbor, and cast anchor off Port Resolution. The captains called on me ; and one of them with manifest delight exclaimed—•' We know how to bring down your proud Tannese now. We'll humble them before you.' I answered, 'surely you don't mean to attack and destroy these poor people.' He answered, not abashed but rejoicing. ' We have sent the measles to humble them? That kills them by the score ; Four young men have been landed at different ports, ill with measles, and these will soon thin their ranks.' The terrible results of that fiendish conspiracy is known with indignant sorrow by all who have any acquaintance with the New Hebrides mission field. The mere reviewer as he scans thisBook feels instinctively that his ' occupation's gone.' The best he can do is to let it tell in its own way its thrilling tale and send it on with the assurance a hundred times repeated ' there is a blessing in it.' 