LOCAL NEWS. A meeting of the committee of the Maryborough Uol.key Club was held yesterday arteruimu, at which there were preaeut Messrs. E. It. C. Corser (Presi dent), R, Sextou, H. Johnstone, G. W. Dirt, K. Hughes, W. J. M'Gratb, \V. B. Jones, and A. D. Harrap. A. letter was read from S. J. Lloyd resigning his posi tion as a member oi the club. Mr. John stoue said he was Borry that Mr. Lloyd was not present, as be would then have asked him as a matter of courtesy to the oilier mum 'jers Lhe reason why he re signed. However there was nothing left to do but lo accept his resignation. He lisd always beeu a gomi wewber, and . took au i merest iu tiie club. He moved that his resiguatiou be accepted. The | President said if Mr. Lloyd had any reasons for rusiguiug be should cert .inly have stated them, as lie thought by uot doiug so it was casting a slur on his co-committeemen. The secretary said be could euligbteu the committee on tbe subject. Ou the uigbt of tbe nomina tions for the meetiug to be held in April, Mr. Lloyd was iu the office, aud after the nominations were closed Mr. Raveubill came in and asked to see them, when be (the secretary) banded him the book. Mr. Lloyd then stood up aud walked out, i. nd next morning sent In bis resignation. Considerable discussion then look place over the matter, aud Mr. M'Gratb moved, nnd Mr. Dart seconded, that ali nomina tions be sent in under cover aud col opened till tbe hour fixed for closiug of nominations. The Secretary stated taal if that was done It would be a loss to the club, as horseow iters can uot remember when noiniuatious of aii races close, and he always reminds them by telegram that they bave not nominated, and if be was uot allowed to opeu tbe nominations until the last moment he could uot Cull who bad nominated aud who bad not, and would therefore uot have an oppor tunity to retniud them. Mr. M'Gratb I refused to amend bis motion on that grouud, and Mr. Sexton therefore moved as an ameudment that nominations be not disclosed by tbe secretary till after tbe bour fixed fir closing. This was seconded by Mr. Jones. On being pat to the meeting the ameudment was carried. It was then carried that the resignation of Mr. Lioyd be accepted. Mr. Dart moved that Mr. Bavenhill fill the place on the committee, rendered vacant by the resiguatiou of Mr. Lloyd. This was seconded Ijj Mr. Harrap aud carried unauimously. The secretary staled that tbe cottage on the racecourse had been finished that afternoon, aud a caretaker would now be required. It was resolved that tenders be called for a caretaker, applications to be in by 3 p.m. ou Wed nesday next, and that a meeting be held on that day to consider same, and that tbe Committee then meat again on Wed nesday before tbe races lo apportion the duties of the di lie rem sub committees. It was decided that a traiuer uot produc ing his ticket be charged 5-9. each time, to be allowed to gallop his horse ou tbe course. We have received a vory interesting pamphlet ou State Colonization by the Earl of Meath, issued by tbe National Association for promoting State Coloniza tion. The paper lays bare some startling facts of the condition of the British labor market aud tbe starvation pittauce that millions of men and wotneo are toiling for. The remedy for this dreadful state ofafTairs is ofcours^.'1 State Colonization,' and tbe latter plbftion of the article is devoted to tbe explanation of a scheme for unlnadiug tbe congested British labor into the Variuus dependencies of the Em pire. A meeting of shareholders in tbe Maryborough-Burruin Coal Company was held last night, Present — Mr. Bryant In tbe chair, aud about ten sbare uoiueis. ine auans oi ine company were considered at some length, aud if was decided that it was inadvisable to wind up tbe affairs of tbe company. Messrs. J. Anderson and W. Tattley were appointed to secure tbe allotment of tbe shares now iu tbe bands of the company. Another meeting will be held next Thursday night. The meeting of the Pastoral and Agri cultural Society, to have been held yes terday, was adjourned till 4 p.m. on Monday, when tbe principal business will be the revision of tbe schedule and special prize liat. With a warm northerly wind yester day tbe weather, which was becoming cool, returned again to summer heat. It is to be hoped wet weather will shortly set iu again, as what has fallen lately will do more harm than good unless supplemented. The talented F.msl Family appear in the Town Hall to-night, und give one of their interesting and enjoyable per formances. Tiie majority of playgoers will have pleasant recollections of a former visit of this remarkable family, and no doubt their seasou here will be a successful one. We understand the Fire Insurance companies here and elsewhere have de cided, in consequence of the heavy losses sustained in Queensland business, to make a general increase on the rates throughout the colony. The Isis Investment Co.'s steamer l(ingswenr started loading coal yester day, and leaves about Monday on her first trip to Rockbainpton with about 500 tons. , A meeting of creditors in the estate of Charles Robert Powell will be held to day. Notice to Correspondent.— 'Share- holder' : Your letter unavoidably held over. Mb. Rouekt Dennis sued Mr. Heuuf ker Heaton, M.P. for Canterbury, Eng land, on March 12, for £600 for services alleged to have been rendered. The plaintiff enumerated tbe services as consisting of writing Mr. Heaton's speeches, his articles in the Nation,'/ 1 Hr.view, and his letters to the Times and the Postmaster-General on postal matters from 1885 to 1888 ; also his stateme.nl before the Colonial Conference, and for acting as what is known as Mr. Heaton's ghost. The action has been settled by the payment by the defendant of £400 and £200 costs. Wu notice that the sale of pot plants announced for sale by Southerden and Co, to-morrow, has heen postponed until the afternoon so as to afford ladles au opportunity of attending the sale, The collection includes amongst others a lot of plants for the conservatory, also mango, date plutq, and other fruit trees, crotons, draccauas, creepers, jacarandas, over 500 pots in all, and in splendid con dition. The inspection of parties In terested is invited to tbe sale, which will take place at half-past 2 o'clock as advei tiatd. Tiia VBiii.Kiis and persons; of .(coble coimtl tu Uou Utko Wolio'b Bctiaappi). 