TICTOJIIY Fl. BlfElERS AND .I'ROTECTIOY. A good deal has been written and said in this colony about the benefits derived by Victorian farmors from protection, anud their preforence for that policy over one of free-trade. Thoe following lotter from Air. Samuel Rinder, a farmer at Wedderburn, which recently appeared in the Argue, may throw a new light on the subject to aome of our renders:- b Blver sinoe my first unfortunate letter on the favourably, sars abusing ere,.brut all aplparenotly astonlshed- firstly, that a farmur shoull be a freeotrader and, seooudly, that Ie should u know why he is so. Thu lust reference to tme !s is the clver "RItandomn l'spnes," by " Qaivis," I on an "Unlaid Ghost," where I am coupled it with the well-known " bouttloaker" in sup. 1 port of idr. Jowett's argument in favour i of frea-trade at tha recent debate on the sublject held by the Aus. tralian Church Literary Sooiety. In tire d report of Mr. Trenwith's address eon that P occasion I find that he also did me the honour of rofereuce in the following words:--" 'The a farmer who had been last referred to had, no doubt, made his calculatioun on a 1also batl,. HU had sttirted with tholansumption that hil i Implements were taxed 25 per cent. on a certain rost, and that if they had not been taxed they d would have cost him 25 per cent. lode. That was an erronroos imuprresion. Tie fart wrns that Iprotection In Victoria Iad not only enabled the people to manufacture agreat deal of what was used, giving the aoasunmur a boltter artiulo e at a lower Ilgure, but it hlid reduced the priru of the imported articles upon whihob duty is I paid." Now, upon this I join Issue with sIr. Trenwith, so far as the fare:rs' industry I is concerned. I don't profess to know q very much about other industries, but t with respect to one upon which MIr. Trenwith Is most olrtaiuly a better 0 nuthority than I am, I may sany thatI finol yet that if I want a good pair of Loats I have to I puy a msrho for theom as I over did, though f I do not deny that a btd pair can re got below a the old price. And I find also that the sume a rule applies to overtthing that I Iuy. I I c want a good altile I must Ipay a higher prico II rolatively tnan far a bad one of the saure kind. Of course, I don' ol.,jct to the higher price in f1 Itseulf, but when I know it is pioportionately i1 much higl or, then I think that I have a right b to complain. Illustrations, however, are better than arguments, and I don't know that tiny are any worse for being old ones ; and so I may take first that most useful farmers' machine, a chaff-cutter . worked by horse power. These are still irmported, and - the price of a No. 1 when I last enquired was £24 duty puid, or £10 in bond; the price of a oolonial machiine of the a lus sieo being also £24. It is no use telling me that the colonial artiolo is better t.an the imported, becauso I have them both, and there is really no differ. ence between a good English macline and a good colonial one. Now, is It " an erroneous impression" that in oeequenco of thebs duty I Iaid £5 more than its real value for my Eug lish machine, and am I not justified in "assum ing" that I have also paid £5 too much for my colonial one? I am patriotso enough to buy a Victmoian article in preferonce to any other, and I would not even object to pay a little extra for it, but my patriotism does not extend to 25 per cent., and I really doubt if Mlr. Trenwith or the machinc.-mker would pay me any more for the chaff I out with the colonial machine than for that out with the imported one. laforo the duty an reapers cnd binders was ahollshed I paid £50 for a I'Oormlck melsoaino. Immoilately after tho removal of the duty the price dropped to £75. and afterwards to '£70. Well, my "impro,rion" islhat I was robbed by tihe Governmeht of £20, and I " assume" that my machne was taxed 25 per cent, on its value, ad that I paid the tar. If duties do not raise prices why were the farmers so much exereisd about thie duty on bags and binding twine? I know hlitthls pliceof bogs rose after the removal of tio duty, but that was duo to the rise in the plioe of jute in India, nd when the manufacturoe rturnod to its normal condition the price of the article frell to It previous prie, less the duty. The duty on cordage ir Ila 3d pet r et, and'on wh ite lines and other deshriptions of cordage not otherwlse speoided (eorept onir yarn) i28P per cwt." 'ohs duty on twine (oexcept se.iRagor sonming ihemip, cotton, dr flax) is 2~1t per l. Theroe Is, I believe, bden an Immense anoount of wisdom brought to boar on the question "What is solr yarn I" with a view to a decision as to whether it could be clased as. twine. It is this yarr that is chiefly used for binding sheaves, andit formerly paid the twihe duty, but is now exempt, the price to thie farmer being reduced by thI exact amount of the duly, In my early days I served my apprenticeship as a sailor, and I na quita sre that if I had then called "yarn" "twino," I hould haver had the eo'sun after me with a ropn'sO.nd. But Comm's. sioners of COstoms are not noesosarily sailors tany more. than First Lords of the Admiralty ar, Oalstniaod wire netting paid 25 per cent. duty until in 18861 it was exempred from taxation. The price when under duty was about .25 per mile. I boughta few weeks ago at £18, end my " Ilmpresslion " is that if thu duty were stil levied the price wbold be ase of old. I ro. member that a strong effort was made to have tbii tax retxulod, becruse somebody war going to start a manufacture of netting, and during that time we hssd to pay the good Govurnment that Is so anxious to esiSat agriculture about £5 a ni!a for leave to fence our crops from tIe rallsits. which ran freely over the Crown lands. dults recently I wanted a boiler. The price asked fur an English one was £200. and L0 added for duty. I bo:ught one from tIhe Phmnix Foundry Company, at Iallarat, and a capital boiler iri, but that does not prevent me tefrm knowing tha I am paid something like 250 troip iplan its true m'uket value. Dlr. T, ensith will probably paint to the splendid works at Ivlhrat, which could notexist with. out this duty, 'Posibly so, but that does not add one penny to the prleo I get for my wheat; and as, judging by recent svents. the Ballarat foundlry-men rn afford to knock oft boiler. making and play at another spit sf strlking, I can't help thinksing int part of my £50 has boon raent in strike pay-very much against my will. Whil thire Exhibition was open a friend of mine thought that be would like an American buggy, and we insptoted uome which were ahowu by a SiJdney firm. The prilo of one chosen was £00 if delivered In Melbourne, or £45 if delivered at Albary, where I should bhave to pay £20 duty on brianing it across the brldge' lnito Victoria. Mr. Trenwith in his 3 sleeoch at the Australian Church, baid that he was told that axnes are oheaper since the duty was Imposed, though "it varied from 3, th 20t an arm." As a member of Parliament Mr. STrenwith should "verify hips qoatlioua" about duties. Had he dpne ab in this inostance he I 'oTal biove d!eovered that the dutay on ulea Is 3s, 4s id, 7s, and 10e per arm, according to description; and mail axles are certainly dearer by the exact amount of the duty. Of the rest I cannot speak, but if an article can be bought at one price in bond, and only at that price with the duty added out of bond, I can't help having the Impresslon" that it is just that much dearer than if It were admitted free. Turning for a moment from import to expert dut!es, I saw the other day that Mr. Trenwith was very anxloul to add to the solitary scrap iron tax an export duty on sheep- skins, which, on pelts, would vary from 25 to 50 per cent. In the value, taking that to be the price quoted In the Argus of the eame date. Now, there is nothing surer than that the duty thus levied would come out of the pocket of the farmer who fattened and sold the sheep. When the Farmers' Protection Associa. tion asked the Trades-hall to assist them in obtaining an export bonus on wheat, i[r. Trenwitbr as spokesman, met themu-quite rightly-with a point blank refusal. iBut where does the dihferenc come in, 'ecepte irndee, that the fellm ngers' iedurtry is a very small metropolitan one, and the farmere' induetry is the largest and most imcpor mtn in thue eleony Shall I tell time story over aegai of my small roller-mill plant, which colt £200 more in JIelbourne than it would tave cost In either Sydney or Adelrice ? Bettor, perhaps, th:t .tlr. Trennith ,hould visit the Yarrt ioller ndill, and learn theor the enormous Ipeaulty itlleted on the spirited pro prletore for darlng to erect, lprobably, the fitnest flour mille in this hemisphere. That ie rauourag[ng native industry with a vengeance I I need not say anything either about cast iron pipes-tie story is too old ; but I may mention Iortlhbl enginesa, now so much used in irriga. tion, or pumps and pump fit:ioge, hrseworkr, and toreeranes. with all the other machines ana implements on which farmers pay 25 per cent. duly at lest. I urno that many farmers are now crying for irldtitln?l protoetion oin their produce, but in tIe great mij olty of oanos this is merely becaueR they eoreiter thrt they ought to havRe a fgirer in tihe Ia which they hiave helped to fill. As your contributor " ttivis" says, the iuestion of fline-trade and protection Is supposed to Ihe dead and buried, but its Ithost is still uniulid," and a few of us are yet In hopes that we may see "tIheo ghost walk," ia the theatrical eraense, and the Tienasurer return to Us some of tie iard oained iratley we have paid him; or, at leaslt, that we may be excused from payieg him any more. 