MR. HENRY VARLEY'S MISSION. . Mr. Henry Varley, the well-known Gozpei missioner of the West London Tabernacle, Notting-hill, being compelled to leave England for a time in search of renewed health, ho being a sulierer from bronchitis, decided to visit Aus tralia, and on his arrival in Victoria he was prevailed upon to conduct a mission, which was crowned with great success, in Melbourne. Whilst there he received an invitation to con duct a mission for about a fortnight in this city, and ho at once consented to do so. The necessary arrangements were, therefore, made by a committeo consisting of tho following gentlemen : — Revs, A. U. Blacket, B. Stephens aud A. J. Clarke, Dr. A. B. Morgan, Messrs. W. Lance, C. E. Wig/.ell, W. Booth, A. C. Doutty, H. G. Swyny, W. Buckingham, A. W. Robinson, J. Kennedy, W. H. Dibley, F. Kemp, P. Aitken, H. IL Halls, J. Bilborough, A. Thomson and J. K Tucker, together with Messrs. Thomas Pepper and T. W. Pulsford (hon. treasurers) and Messrs. J. G. Trcsedcr and G. E. Ardill (hon. sees.). Tbe first item on the programmo drawn lip by them was a reception meeting. This look, place at the Temperance-hall on Saturday evening, and the room in which it was held was fill«d to over flowing by ladieB and gentlemen engaged in various kinds of Christian work in the city ami suburbs. Mr. Walter Lanco acceded to a request, made on behalf of the com mittee and concurred in by all present, that ho should take the chair, and t)i<j gathering included tho Revs. J. I>, Hen nessey, J. A. Soper, J. Bucban, W. Coller, Mr. Ebenezer Vickery, M.L.C., the members of the executive committee, and a number of others who have volunteered to in various ways assist the carrying on of tho mission. This, it may be mentioned, will be worked on strictly unsec- tarian lines — iu thorough keeping with iir. Varley's practice in the old country— aud the co- operation of ministers and members of every Christian denomination is cordially invited. Mr. Varley must have been very much gratified with tho warmth of the welcome accorded to him. Thanksgiving for his arrival and prayer for divine blessing on tbe work about to be commenced by him in this city having been offered' np, brief references to hi» tmccecsfnl labors for maov years past in England wero made by the chairman and the Rev. J. 1). Hen nessey, both of whom spoko from personal knowledge on the subject. The Rev. A. J, Clarke also made a few appropriate remarks. Mr. Varlry, having read the 68th chapter of Isaiah, said tbe words he bad read pointed out to them what they had to do. " To loose tbo bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let tho oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke." These words indi cated real work and pointed to a direct at tuck on the evils there looked upon by the Most High. The question was," Do they exist in this city?" If they did, then let them not forget that it wa9 God's will— it was tho will uf their Lord— that they should deal with tboso forces of evil. Was it too much to say that we had hero thousands who knew tbo bands or bonds of wickedness ? Take a very large pro portion of our working men, and be feared that they knew tho dread curse of intemperance. Ought the Church of God to take note of it 7 Surely there were none there who would deny that for a moment. He had been having some coutroversy in one of the Melbourne papers with Borne who seemed to think he was very extreme. He had cited thin fact — aud it was a very awful one, and be feared that to a considerable extent it was true in Sydney — that in Edinburgh the majority of the large distillers, tho brandy and whisky merchants, as well as the owners of tho retail houses, were elders and members of thi great Presbyterian Church ! They fouml fault with him in Melbonrno because ho said that so long as we had churches that wero part God and part Devi), those churches must he weal:. He now said here, "So long as you have men aud women making money out of this hateful curse, you may goto church and bow your heads at the uarae of Jesus as much as you like ; you may go with your prayerbooks and gilt-clasped and gilt-edged bibles and have all the genuflec tion of a pious man or woman, but I believe that you are an abomination to God— a steach in God's nostrils — for men are being cursed and damned by ibis liquor traffic. Then let Hie Church of God wash her hands of it and say, "I will have nothing to do with it." Take, again, the dreadful curse of gambliug. Take tbe dreadful profanity that existed. Really, it was appalling. He bad only just arrived in this city ; but, spoaking of Victoria, ho would say that the profanity of tbo workiug men there was certainly worse than it was in tho old country. There appeared to be a sort of colonial frceness here which in somo sense, lie confessed, he rejoiced in, but be did hate theeo modern definitions of freedom. He believed wo wanted to define very clearly between ths things we had the power to do and the things we had the right to do. Men had iho power to blaspheme. Tbey never had the right I A man had the power to gamble. He never hud the right! A mau had the power to be a uedncer. He never hacl the right aud never would have I The English people had tbe power to send their great war vessels to force open the porta of China for the sale of that accursed drug opium but they never had the right, and it would stand to England's everlasting shame that she did it. Men had the power to open their mouths and utter what ho believed Shakespeare called " tbo deep distending oath." No man was ever inatio a sixpence tho richer for all tho prolans language ho ever indulged in. It was a most gratuitous sin. If it came ont of a man like that wbatorer must bo tho state of the man inside? (Laughter.) "Well, that was a fair, cummon-seuse way of looking ut it. Bad :»s that profauity was, it simply showed the con dition of the corrupt heart inside, and it was to that point that it seemed to him they wanted to go just now. They wanted particularly to deal with the corrupt heart whence those evils flowed, aud ho did trust they would not ha alow to endorse the testimony of God'd word as touching the natural depravity of man, and, remembering that no power less than tho powor of God could alter that, let it be theirs, as taking par; in this mission, to determine. to "loose the bands of wickedness" in that respect. When h<i thought of the insensate, tho wretched, inor dinate love of pleasure, oh, how be would like to be the means of breaking it dowu — of show ing the hollownens of it ! Inordinate love of pleasure was one of the greatest curses ho know. Ho would have something to say about our permitted literature here. He was exceedingly thankful that in England tbe publisher of Zola's works had been sentenced to three mouths imprisonment. It would do great good there. He was persuaded wo were near the close of this age; he believed we were close to the end of what our Lord Himself called " this \vicK«?d and adalterous age." He believed we were ou tho verge of the dispensation of the ful- nasa of timea. Tho times of the Gentiles were to last 2520 years. We were not actually certain of the year, but we knew that as nearly us possible those times began iu tbe year 604 ; 1880 was the present year, and if we added 604 to 1880 we would come to wiihin a few years oi the 2620, viz., 2403. So that ths longest date would be 1028, aud the shortest date, allowing lor discrepancies in chrono logical calculation, would bo 1807. lie there fore anticipated tbat tbe forcds of evil would bd tromendoualy accentuated ou the oue hand, and that tbe forces of righteousness and truth would bo tremendously accentuated on ths other. Ho was told that thero was no city en God's earth where there woro such marvclloui Christians as in Snn Francisco, and he was told on equal authority that it was one of the most lawless and ungodly places on tbe face of the earth. He believed that «b tbe few remaining years of this ago dawued we would see marvellous manifestations of tbo power of God and tho Holy Ghost, but also marvellous destructions, moral carnage, over which our Lord would weep again as He did over Jerusalem. We did. need in these days sides taken. Fresh soil wanted breakiugup ; aggres sive work was required. He asked them to plead with God — to go to Him with earnest prayer — and hu thanked them for tho too kind words with which they had welcomed him. Ho would be pleased to do what he could to further the kuowludgo of our gracious Lord amongst the people of this city. Yesterday morning Mr. Varley conducted tha ordinary service at the Burton-stree Taber nacle. Thero was a crowded congregatiou. In tho afternoon ho hold his first mif-siou meet ing at the Now Masonic-hall, the attend ance being large, and in the evening he again addressed a numerous gathering there, every seat in tho body of tho hall being oc cupied and also souio in the gallery. # The Btngiug of Sankey's hymn?, led by a choir who woro accommodated ou the platform, was of a very hearty character. Mr. Varloy will hold a Bibio meeting at the Y.M.C.A. at ft o'clock this afternoon, and will deliver an address at tho Protestant-hall at 8 o'clock to-night. 