[?] CAHtlLi; KEWS, OUR SPECIAL MESSAGES.) London, JIareh 12. Nowh from Zanzibar states that Bushiri, tho native chief who beaded tho rocent attack on Dar-rH-8alaaiu and other stations occupied by tho Germans in East Africa and carried, away tho pooplo thcro, is now retreating, and is inclined to parley with tho German authorities. Batavia, March 12. Tho B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. Morkara, from Brisbano 19th February, loft Batavia yesterday homowards. London, March 13. An impression prevails in official circlos that Princo Bismarok is agreoablo to Groat Britain becoming the mandatory of tho throo' powora interested in Samoa in their rolation with that country. An notion was tried to-day in which Robert Dennis Bued Mr. Honnikor M.P., for iI500, for writing his Bpecches, articles pub lished in tho National Rci'iVir, and loiters to tho Times and tho PoRtmtiBtor-Goucral, during tho years 1835 to 1883, and for preparing tho stntamont mado boforo tho Colonial Confcraneo by Air. Ilonton with regard to tho postal con tracts, and gonornlly acting aB his "ghost." Tho notion was settled by Mr. Hcaton paying £ 100 to tho plaintiff and J200 costs. Mr. Shaw Lofovro lias given notico in tho House of Commons that ho will aRk tho Right Hon. "NV. II. Smith, Firnt Lord of thoTrcasnry, whether tho rofnual of Queensland to contri bute towards tho cost of tho Australian Auxiliary Squadron will rcloaso tho othor colonics from thoir ongngemont to contributo, or whether tho British Government will boar tho nliaro of tho cost that was to havo bcon contributed by Quoonsland. Tho Comptolr d'Escompto do Paris and tho Socioto dos Motaux (tho copper synillcato) aro now rocovoring from tho effouts of tho lato financial panic. a Tho Austrian Military anlhorities havo sta tioned a corps of observation on tho Sorvian frontier, and 20,000 men aro ready to march at half-a-day's notice. Tho Houso of Commons to-day, by a ma- jority of 60, rejected tho bill introduced by 'Mr. Parnoll to mitigato tho eovority of tho troatmont of political prisonors. A mooting was hold in London last ovening to protest ngainnt tho roccnt trcatinont of Irish political priBonors by tho Govornmont. A latter from Air. Gladatono was read expressing sympathy with tho objeots of thomocting, and declaring that ho will nnilinchiiigly probe tho question of tho connection botweon tho Government and the Parnoll Commiasion. It is announced that Count Bcchorn will represent Germany at tho forthcoming oonfo- ronco on tho nffuirs of Samoa. Prosidont Krngor, of tho Transvaal, and ProRidont Roitz, of tho Orango Froo State, liavo on behalf of their rcspoctivo Statos agreed to a defcusivo alliance and to support each othor in tho ovont of any jnat war. 