TENTERFIELD. Tenterfield, This Day. The nomination of candidates for tho electorate ot Tenterfield took place to day. K. W. Stuart (Protectionist) was nomi- nated by Mr. John Watt, and seconded by Mr. W. B. Judge. C. A. Lee (Foreign- trader) wa3 nomi nated by Mr. E. R. Whereat, and seconded by Mr. John Ellis. Stuart delivered a magnificent speech of an hour's duration, principally on tho ' fiscal question, and apparently taking his audience by storm. The show of hands was decidedly in his favor, bnt it was given otherwise by the returning officer, to the surprise and disgust of many. This will be only the more disastrous to the Foreign-trade party, and there is every sign that their strength is failing fast. The poll will take place nest Saturday. Wollongong, This Day. A large and influential meeting in favor of the Protectionist candidates, was held in the Temperance Hall last night, Mr. John Richards in the chair. After some remarks - from Mr. Jones, the Protectionist candi date, tho Hon J. Fletcher, who was received with much cheering, delivered an able address. He conclusively showed that in matters of labor Protection was an absolute necessity, and labor organisations forbade their members selling their labor on a Free-trade basis. The State should be empowered to do for the general community what the community was unable to do for itself. If Free- trade was to be the rule, it must be Free-trade all round, whether as regards labor or the produots of labor. New South Wales im ported to the extent of £4, 000.000 annually, but deducting the exports under the same heading and, for the sake of argument, putting imports at £2,000,000; annually, would any man dare say that spending the latter amount in the country would not materially benefit the working classes of New South Wales. He did not believe in charity which did not first begin at home, instead of beginning itB labots in countries thousands of miles away. If a duty of 33 per cent on butter, bacon and cheese did not raise the price of that product to the consumer, how could it be contended that a duty of 10 per cent would increase the price to that extent ? Then, if one branch of business under a perfectly Free-trade system was taxed to the extent of 33 per cent, without the consumer suffering, was it not reasonable that a similar effect would take place in tho other industries which could be carried on in New South Wales ? It was certain that whatever the future policy of the Government might be, the fiscal policy of New South Wales « ould be either of a Protective nature or of a Free-trade nature in reality, and not partly Free-trade and partly Protection as it is at present. Mr, Fletcher then referred to the order for cast iron pipes, to the value of £00,000, which he found had been tent to England by cable immediately I efore the last Government leaving office, end his endeavor to stop the letting of the contract, hut too late. Hu had been f lamed for his action in the matter by the Sydney press, as if cenc-ure and not praise, was due to the ono who considered that it was for the best i -.terests of the colony that work of this nature should be done in tho colony. In liie Wollongong district they had the finest iron ore in the world they had l-latite ore — the fau-ous ore known in cor, land as Black Band — and magnetic ore, v itli coal in abundance, and tbe necessary liuxes. Ho asked them, therefore, as sensible men, why they should not get pig iron made in Illawarra district, in- ir stead of sending 12,000 miles for it ? lie asked them if thsy agreed with the i. 'Cent utterances of Mr. Wise, at Bal- main, who said to the unemployed and .-arving man, that there was a great i" oral aspect in Free-trade, inasmuch as if they bad not work, it was a consolation that other men were being employed by the ' money we sent abroad? A voice: No. . Then if they did not agree with the moral nspect of Free-trade, they must see to it that men were returned to the House in , the Protectionist interest, who would work t wards the ad vancement of richly-endowed New South Wales. He did not blame the "calico jimmies" for striving so earnestly in the cause of Foreign-trade. The great foreign importers, who wore making enormous fortunes in the present arcumstaficos, were making a struggle for their existence; but then they called look ing after their private affuirs a enre of the public interest. It was high time such conduct had a proper term applied to it. They constantly placed Victoria in an un favorable comparison with New South Wales, as if comparison were first. The Eouthcrn colony was only -10 years old, while this colony was passing its hundredth birthday. It was only one-fourth tho size of New South Wales, and had no coal. It was like a 1<1 stone man bragging ho had licked a 12-year-old boy. In Now South "Wales the .value of tho net imports for 1887 was i— 'Of flour, £'171,08/, and other items of food stuff .made our food bill up to £C10;54L. The value of not imports of grain for tho snuie year wan £218,355 ; of hay, chaff, straw, onions, and potatoes, £263,738; of hams and chee.se, bacon, butter, and other items, £237,279, the grand total of the value of net imports fi r the year being £1,306,025. New South Wales also imported maize in, that year to the value of £49,048, Victoria alone send ing' 98,422 bushels, -and Fiji und New Caledonia sending in their quota of black- grown and convict-crown produce. Was it not disgraceful that this country should be so dependent on outside supplies, while our own farmers, owing to n bad fiscal policy, were hopelessly discouraged and handicapped. Comparisons had been made between the respective conditions of workmen in England and America. Mnl- hnll showed that -while the weekly wage of the boilermuker in Great Britain was £1 lis, in America it was £4 4s; brick layers in Great Britain £1 12s, in America £4 83 ; masons in Great Britain . £1 12s, in America £-4 4a; and so on. Then look at the purchasing power of 4s in Great Britain ami' in America. In Britain 4s wonld buy 18 loaves, in America 20 loaves ; flour in Britain, 281b, in America, 3Glb ; meat in Britain, 20lb, in America, 201b ; potatoes in Britain, 72lb, in America, 821b; and more marked con trast in other articles of domestic use. So much for this exploded argument of Foreign traders. The comparison was all to the advantage of protected America. Referring to the personnel of the present Government, he thought its members mentally and morally, physically, or even so far as good looks were concerned, would bear- a very favorable comparison to the members of the late Govern ment. He wont over the charges of corruption against the late Govern ment, and referred in strong terms to the Circular Quay purchase and tramway muddle, He counselled them to beware of the sectarian cry, and to bury the Kiama Ghost and other bogies by the exercise of common sense. The Education Act was not in danger in the hands of the present Government, a3 their Free-trade adversaries made out. It was purely an election cry got up for electioneering purposes. The only fault he had with the Education Act was that education was not free. He came of a race whose forefathers had bled and died for religions liberty, and if any attempt were made to tamper with the Education Act he would resist such with all the force at his command. No reli gious section of the community wonld dare to undertake such a hazardous course. Tho man who introduced sectarian hate was an enemy to his country, and they mnBt guard ite beginnings. He counselled them to record their votes to-day in a manner which would make their children ' thank themselves they had forefathers who had both the ability to see what policy was for the best interests of the country, and with the ability and firmness . to ctfrry it' out, so sb to make N.S.W. the home of a great and gloriouB people. (Applause.) Messrs. Melville, Walker, and Creer, M'b.L.A., also spoke, and tho proceedings closed with cheers for Protec tion and the Ministers. Gobar, ThiB Day. Mr. G. N. Griffiths, the Free-trade can didate, arrived in Cobar yesterday, and held a meeting in Wright's Assembly Hall at night. Mr. Bolton was in the chair. The hall was crowded, but in a very short time they were found to be all Protectionists, as a very small room would hold all the Free traders, in Cobar. A very patient hearing was accorded the aspiring oandidate, as the Cobar working men are noted for their good order and courtesy to strangers. Mr. Griffiths, whilst wading through a lot of dry statistics, caueed a considerable number of free electors who are struggling for existence to leave the room. To arouse the interest of those remaining, he stated tho report that a number of woollen mills in Victoria were closed until the men would accept 4s per day, but Wednesday's Australian Star having declared that to be a hoax all his other statements wore then accepted in the same transparent light. Mr. Griffiths, seeing the hopeless ness of his position, hurriedly closed his meeting by proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman. Numerous calls were made to test the feeling of the meeting, but to no purpose, uud the gathering broke up with t'uve cheers for Protection. If Mr. Griffiths has to depend upon Cobar, he will lose his £40. Mr, Willis, the pipul&r; working man's candidate, will he in Cobar to d ty. i rrangements are made for a large prncvj- sion and band to meet and escort i-.im into town. Young, This D ty The Hon. W. J. Lyno, Minister for Lands, addressed a very large meeting here last evening in the town hail, and very ably advocated the true came of Protection, and laid before the electors an outline of the course the present Govern ment intend to pursue, which was well appreciated by all present. Mr. M'Kmnon then Bpoko, and stated that Mr. Lyne did not come hero to convert Free traders— that he gave us a call 0.1 his rounds through other electorates. Considering the importance of the electorate, Mr. Lyne thought it his duty to lay before the electors of this important electorate their inten tions, Mr. J. G. Gough then came for ward, and said that he hod just returned from Webb's big shed, where he heard Mr. M'Hillan Bpeak, and, at some length, pulled to pieces every argu ment put forth by that Foreign-trader. Each speaker got a most patient hearing, and was well applauded throughout. Mr. Gough commented in very strong terms on the action of the Free-trade press here in not having reporters present to take notes t.f the meeting. Mr. M'Millan's meeting whs a very stormy one, and was inter rupted from start to finish. The polling commenced this morning at the usual hour, and the electors are rolling up in strong numbers. M'Kinnon and Gough a ppoar to be tho favorites here. Ballina, This Day. Mr. T, T. Ewing addressed a large num ber of electors hero last ninht, and met with a good reception. His return is certain. Casino, This Day. Mr. B. B. Nicoll addressee the electors at the School ot Arts last night, and leceived a patient hearing. Phe meeting was well attended and orderly. His return is nearly certain, he being a staunch Pro tectionist and holding a largo stake in the district. Mr. fiourke, although popular, is laboring under the dis-fl vantage of being a total stranger to tbis electorate. He will make the running hot for Mr. Nicoll and Mr. Perry. Windsor, This Day. Mr. Thomas Rose held two very success ful meetings to-day, one at Riverstone, at 3 p.m., the other at Pitt Town, at 8 p.m.- Although both these places have been -poken of as strongholds of Mr. Bowman, the Free-trade candidate, Mr. Rose was listened to very attentively, and a number of questions were satisfactorily answered. Many wavererB seem to have been thoroughly convinced of the advantages of Protection, and strong working com mittees were formed at both places, CoNDOnoLiN, This Day. Mr. Hutchinson addressed a large meeting of about 120 last evening at Robinson's Hall. Ho met with a good reception ami no interruptions, and the chairman declared the show of hands about equal. Newcastle, This Day. Of G345 voters on tho Newcastlo roll, 4767 persons exercised tho franchise at the late election ; in tho county, 4245 out of 6559 on the roll voted. CooNABAuAiiRAN, This Day. Mr. W. F. Buchanan, Protectionist candidate, addressed a meeting here last night, and was well received. He spoke at great length on Protection and other matters, and was subjected to great cross- questioning by the Foreign-trade party, but acquitted himself most successfully. The cauEe will be well supported here. Ho will address a meeting at Baradine to night. 