I OUR NEW YORK LETTER. r~ "(FROM'OOB OWN CORRESPOSDENT.) - " The City of Churches," as out sister ' city of Brooklyn is called, was considerably startled last week by the report of the City Missionary the Rev. Mr. Bain- bridge, to find that she was not only not the City of Churches, but if the Rev. Mr. Bainbridge is not very much mistaken was by no means distantly related to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Its title to the City of Churches is exploded forever. There are between seven and eight hundred thousand people in the City of Brooklyn. It is the third city of the Union to-day, and it will not be many years when in point of population and manufactures it will be the first ; but of every church in the city of Brooklyn were crammed to its utmost capacity, the entire seating and standing room in all the churches would only accommodate about 76,000, while the average attendance in all the churches, exclusive of the Catholic churches, is about 36,000 in a population of between seven and eight hundred thousand. And the financial condition of the churches that are already in existence is one of constant trouble, care, and anxiety, the majority of them begging to keep the sheriff from the door, the mortgages on church property amounting to nearly four millions of dollars, and this too when they are entirely exempted from taxation, While the Protestant churches are many, of them almost deserted, the Catholic churches are crammed to overflowing, three and four services every Sunday morning, commencing at six o'clock in the morning and continuing till the high mass at half-past ten or eleven. And it was not the scarcity of church accommodation that called 'forth Mr. Bainbridge heavy condemnation, but the entire community WAS shocked and grieved by the assertion that the fallen women of New York city were largely ire erupted from Brooklyn. This has roused the indignation of Brooklyn's citizens, and in connection with the elections has helped, to make things very lively. The question now being discussed, between the newspapers and the missionary is ought we to build more churches till we can fill those that we have, and is it true, that the ' women of Brooklyn are any; worse or ' as bad as their neighbours"? Doctor Talmage has no difficulty in filling g his church at every service : ' rain . r shine, hot or cold, summer and winter, it is all the same. _ ' There must be, something radically wrong in the administration of a system when, out of nearly 800,000 people, only a 30,000 attend church and 700,000 are not provided for even if they desired to attend. Mr. Bainbridge declaration in " regard to Brooklyn morality has not only i thrilled the community but angered it. \- "He has only been resident here a couple of years, and his experience is that of a clergyman too ready to accept the re port of irresponsible persons second hand. There are thousands of men in Brooklyn who have resided there all their live-, and whose opportunities of jugs ing are infinitely better than those of Mr. Bainbridge, who are willing to testify \- under oath that the accusations of this over zealous ' missionary are not true. From a close observation of years-old observation covering all classes of society which journalism naturally brings a man in contact with; in churches, in jails, on Change, in the police courts and in private j families consider it for its size one of the most moral and best ordered cities in the world. It is true that occasionally it furnishes the newspapers with some (first-class sensation as might naturally be expected Where eight hundred thousand people are congregated together ; but on the whole, for safety of life and property, for general decency and J good order, for average morality ~ and all the points that go to make life worth living, Brooklyn, which before many years will be the first city in the land in point of population, will compare f favourably with any city in the United States if not in the world. The other night at 12 o'clock two ladies were arrested on Bleecker Street by a brutal policeman, and hurried on to police station where they were compelled to remain till morning. "Packer-street is not the safest or most savory locals, 6... to was to be found at midnight, for almost me vi,. "gang of life to be found at that time are drunken brawlers returning from a mid- night carouse, or thieves on the outlook for prey or those fallen women, the wretched outcasts whom even the priest and the Levite pass by The atmosphere of this entire " region "exhales a deadly poison that fosters with sin and crime. On Mott-street-Dear by is' the Central Police headquarters, yet, under its very eyes are the homes of thieves and harlots,' and red-handed murder flourishes before its very door. On Bleecker-street was founded the Florence mission. It was not intended as an aid to the pious and the good that were already re- joicing in salvation, but for the moral lepers and outcast sinners for whom there was no other home, and right here I regret to say that we have in New York lots of religious band and pious frauds who have done all they could do to bring religion into contempt. But the Florence mission is not of that class. Founded by a wealthy gentleman by the name of Crittenden, who had been himself saved from a life of dissipation, it labours for that class which all others forsake. In some respects it is the counterpart of Jerry MoAulay's million. Jerry was a convict and a thief who found Christ, a Saviour, while yet behind prison bars, and who. on' being released, started to save poor wretches as lost and as in scarred as himself. Jerry once having firmly planted his feet upon the Rock of Ages, never went back. Convict and thief as he was, naturally a ruffian and a bruises, he lived long enough to earn the respect and love of thousands who knew him and his work, and he died lamented by thousands more whom he had raised from lives of degradation and crime, and put in the way of salvation. Mr. Critten- den's work was like Jerry McAuley's, but their lives were far apart Mr. Chi their- den was born to wealth, but dissipation got the better of him. He was no criminal. When his reformation came he devoted himself to his present work, and here he labours for the salvation of these poor wretches night and day. He is not of that goody-goody class of Christiana that would feed . naked, hungry sinner with tracts and bibles, he knows how to reach them with kindness and charity. If one of these poor walls of naked he clothes her if she is hungry he feeds her if she is homeless he sheltered her, and thus finds the way to her heart. No matter how low the harlot is, if she can be saved he will try to help her and to bear her up. It is wonderful the work that has been accomplished here. Thousands of women are forced on the street by.theer.want, who would never be there if they had a living soul to help them. Gfcourse the work of this peculiar mission carried them far into the night, and only last week two ladies who had been serving at the million were assaulted at midnight by a drunken policeman dragged to the lockup, and I there confined with thieves and tramps till morning.,. They were discharged with profuse apologies next day, but that was a poor compensation for the grab s indignity they suffered. - ., The Congregational Council here last 'week acted most unwisely in reopening the case of the Rev. Frank Decker, who a few months ago was expelled from his pulpit for gross immorality. His crime was so manifest and his punishment to just, that at the time the culprit himself did not dare to question it. He had been pastor of the Congregational church at Greenpoint, where he had met with phenomenal success. He was not only a brilliant preacher, but he had within him apparently the spirit of an evangelist. His congregation grew apace till it became one of the strongest and most fashionable in the town. He had a lovely wife, a most estimable lady, and one child. If ever a man had an incentive to do right, it was Frank Decker. There was hardly anything that he could have asked for in reason that his congregation would not have granted. In his flock was a young girl ' about 18 years of age, an orphan whose father at' his deat»jlefV*&me; property This young girl was a frequent vi»itpr_afejlhe psjilpj-'a. 'house by some means he got her completely. under his influence, and aided by a member of his congregation whom he promised to help to the ministry he got the girl to meet him clandestinely in New York and other places and ruined her. At last he was betrayed by his accomplice in crime, and his letters, filled up with religious cant, where he hopes the Lord will help him to get the girl to New York or Brooklyn, form one of the most remarkable and disgusting pages of epistolary correspondence ever published. I was in hopes, after the exposure of his fear, that he would have retired to some far off country and there in sackcloth and ashes hue repented his crime till death. New, however, I see an effort is being made to reinstate him, to send this wolf in sheep's clothing into the fold as in. The Unnsregatic nal Church must be badly in need of preachers if it can find no citric of timber better and sounder than this Think twice, gentlemen, before you commit this crime. No sermon of Bob'logorsoll's ever hurt the Christian religion half as much as this blow dealt by his Mends, m reinstating in the Christian ministry the Rev Frank Decker. The burial of Li Yu Doo, the leader of the Chinese Black Flags in the great Tai Ping rebellion, brought out our Celestial brothers in full force, and they gave their barbarian cousins an idea how to conduct, a first-class funeraL There is nothing mean about John when he starts in. It does not matter if it is a funeral or wedding or a picnic, when he does begin money is no object So patriotic China-that is American China, made up its mind to give Li Yo Doo, a good send off, and they did. around the dead hero ''were roast pig, rice, sam sow j jams, conserves, and other good things,' enough to satisfy any reasonable ghost. They gave him a wake that must have made their, neighbours in Little Dublin green with envy. Instead of pipes and tobacco, they distributed first-class cigars, and other, creature comforts were not wanting for those who were not allied to the Prohibition Party. They hired half the carriages in town, and they followed the procession empty, while the in turners went on foot. Strangest of all, de- spised and persecuted as they are, and coming out of one of the vilest neighbour bourhoods in the city, this curious funeral, the like of which was never seen before, was treated with respect and courtesy by one of the worst crowds that I ever saw ; there was no disturbance, no hooting, no shouting everything was as orderly and as respectful as if Li Yu Duo was a member of the prize ring or a New York alderman. Li Yo ione was a mason of high degree, and the square and compasses were the emblems that were buried with him by the Chinese brethren of the mystic erewhile one of the banners bore this motto We meet upon the level and we part upon the square. While I write the drums are beating, and the streets are filled with shouting thousand?. For who 1 Let us wait a few days and lee. I 1 '> , I r , , ) p v RUINS OF A LARGE TOWN IN A DESOLATE COUNTRY The Scientific American says : " The survey at present being made for the Kansas City, El Paso and Mexican railroad, at a point north latitude 33deg. and west longitude 105deg., have passed along the lava flow, which by the local population is called the main pus. It consists of a mass of molten black glass, agitated at the moment of cooling in rugged waves of fantastic shapes. These lava waves are from 10ft. to 12ft. high, with combing crests. The lava now is, about forty miles long from northeast to southwest, and from one to ten miles wide. For miles on all sides of the country is the most desolate that can be imagined. It has been literally burned up. It consists of fine w late ashes to any depth which, so far, has been dug down To the north of the lava flow, and lying in a country equally desolate and arid, the surveyors have come upon the ruins of Gran Guivera, known already to the early Spanish explorers ; but which have been visited by white men less often even than the mysterious ruins of Palenque in Central America Only a few people at Socorro and White OakS have been at Gran Guidera, because it is at present 40 miles from water. The survivors found the city to be of gigantic stone buildings made in the most substantial manner, and of grand proportions. One of them was four acres in extent. All indications around the ruins point to the existence there at one time of a dense population. No legend of any kind exists as to how this great city was destroyed, or when it was abandoned. one of the engineers attached to the surveying expedition advances the theory that Gran Guivera was in existence and abundantly supplied with water at the time the terrific volcanic erup- tion took place. A PLUCKY DAMSEL The Healesville cor- respondent of the " Argus " reports A remarkable instance of courage, self-reliance and forethought on the part of a young girl when bitten by a snake has recently transpired in this neighbourhood. Miss Tilly Lalor, aged 16, daughter of Patrick Lalor, a selector, residing at the junction of the Watts and the Yarra, was picking wild flowers on the bank of the former stream, when she felt something bite her, and on looking found it to be a black snake on which she was then standing. She was accompanied by another girl named Annie Lapsley, who witnessed the occurrence. They both made for the house, about half a mile distant, on the way to which Miss Lalor cautioned her companion net to make known to her mother, who is of a somewhat excitable nature, and who was then alone, what had happened. On reaching her bedroom she endeavoured, with a knife to cut out the bitten portion of the flesh, but the knife was too short to do so. She then procured a pair of scissors, pinched the bitten flesh with one hand and nipped it off with the other. Having successfully accomplished this she made two ligatures, one of which she placed above and the other below the bite, by means of which she forced as much blood as possible from the wound, and thus no doubt saved her own life. While this operation was proceeding the girl Lapsley occupied Mrs. Lalor's attention. Miss Lalor states that beyond feeling drowsy during that afternoon and some succeding days she has not felt any ill effects from the bite. It should be stated that when bitten, and before she left for home, she killed the snake. The girls kept the matter a profound secret until a couple of days ago, when it was spoken of in this neighbourhood. GRAY] bain are respectable- but, like poverty often inconvenient Mrs S A. Allen's Worlds Hair Restorer never falls to restore gray hair to its youthful colour and beauty A HOUSEHOLD WORD -Mrs. S, A, Allen's World's Hair Restorer, which never falls to restore gray hair to its youthful colour, gloss, and beauty. Sold everywhere 