STORYETJES. I ^ A , Ib » n y the Wine cellar was oE it8 ^ Stents. Bottle b " ttle °J cbampagae disappeared, and S * £ ,. no bar a g aiDEt ^e thirsty .ZZT: ifinaily a new superintendent was ^ in charge, and he seYmed to be* man ngemoas tur wLl n of mind. He put new oella tonfJ!^ r » but be did not mean b^i? K fi^l depeadeIlce upon i»n ^ 1 H 6ecare^ » remarkably ugly tinn ^ T 1^.* rel T misanthropic d^pcSihl; a ° dBhut hin > in the cellar. Ther^ fee Bl W n f l , the time - e *<*Pt for half an mSrnJL" iy 4,? bea be Is given a ran in the sunlight. The dog has no taste forchamnnf^f;^? . n0W the wine Bta y* "here it Is pat nntil it u wanted in the cafe. „ '"here has never been an instance of graciousness"like the visit of the Dake ac Mvernais, in the seventeenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing to eee bow matters stood with the poor fellow, the duke stepped into the roam, and bad the extreme condescension to make personal luqaiiy mto the state of bis health. The steward, utterly bewildered by fee ££ 0r, ,. raise< ? binwelf in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility : " I hope roar grace will not be offended at my dying in your presence f* The duke, deeply touched, answered : Aot in fee least, my good friend: do not mind me. Whereupon, the steward availed himself Ot the gracious permission of his master, and gave up the ghost. Professor Del brack baa recently pnblisjea some interesting souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick the Third and bis family. Here is an amusing anecdote about the order that reigned in the household while * redenck was Crown Prince: One day the Crown Princess said to the butler, one of the oldest servants and one who had fee reputation of having a will of his own: I ordered some Apollinaris water severa weeks ago, and should like to taste it; has it not yet arrived ?" The old domestic replied : "Imperial Highness, there is still in the cellar a lot of bottles of seltear water that must be drunk first 1" All the persons at table broke out into laughter. The Crown Prince, after having himself joined in the hilarity, said, in a eerious tone; ••My friend, when the Crown Princess ordtp you to do anything, I beg you to obey _ "One day," said a veteran, in a recent interview with Eli Perkins, •• I met an old soldier who had b«:en wounded in the face, and when I asked him in what battle he had been injured, be said : •I got it at the first day at Shiloh. sir.* ' • But bow could von get hit in the face at bhitoh?' 1 asked. •Well, sir,' said he, half-apologeticaliy, * after I had run a mile or two I got careless and looked back.' This story BLury reminds reminas me of ot how bow one of Elis- Ell* worth s Fire Zouaves killed his first Con- the federate, battle lie of eaid Bulls that Bun, he ana marched when out about to half way there, be met a Johnny Eeb. m ambush. ' What did you do then?' I asked. * Weil, sir,' be answered, • 1 drew out my revolver and he drew out his bowie-knife, I , tbc - lead from th ~ 5 start, and kept it clear into Washington city, aud •But bow did you kill the man?" • Run him to death,' was tbe reply In " making up" newspapers, or the piecing together of different paragraphs into culunius. two separate items will, sometimes, be j jtnblcd together and most amusing results appear. , r. 1 ' * , , , T nri f ^ had a E ood specimeu j of tbis k.na ofmmu.e: f Dr. X. has been appointed head physi- J cian to the Hopital de la Charite. Orders have been issued by the authorities for the immediate extension of ihe Cimetiere de Parnasse." The New Haven journal, some time ago made a curious jumble of two items. One read r *• A large cast-iron wheel, revolving nine hundred times a minute, exploded in this city yesterday, after a long and painful illness. Deceased was a prominent thirtysecond degree Mason." Tbe other paragraph detailed how: " John Fauden, the well-bnowj fioristand real estate broker, of Newport, EX, died m Wardiner and Russell's sugar mill, at Crystal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to the building and injuring several workmen severely." Ben. Jonson was once requested to revise some proofs fuil of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the house of correction. Many anecdotes are narrated to illustrate tne tact required in dealing with lunatics. . Among tbe inmates of an asylum was a man who was considered perfectly harmless, but who, having no home, was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. The doctor went on tbe roof with him one day to see about repairing it, when the man suddenly turned and suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Immediately the doctor replied: *" No, don't let's do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go down and see if we can jump np." Tbe lunatic considered the point "well taken," and agreed. Tbe bead of a private asylum in England was in the bath-room watching a nomberof lunatics bathe, when one of them called out, ••Lat'sduck tbe doctor!" and they all took up the cry. Seeing his danger, the doctor eaid at once: "All right boys; bat suppose you give a cheer tor bim first." And tbe noise of their cheering brought tbe keepers to bis rescue. Tae same doctor was in a room wife a lunatic, who, by some means, had possessed himself of a carving knife. The lunatic informed him gravely that he had been ordained by God to cat him into little pieces, and, much as he regretted it,he should be obliged to do it. '•Very well," said the doctor; "of conrae, if that is the case, £ shall make no attempt to prevent you; bat I see yoar knife needs stuupening. Allow me to fetch a grindstone for yon." And no objection being raised, the quickwitted doctor made his escape. Old man (solemnly):" My young friend, who was that who just asked yoa to go and have a drink I" Yoang man: "Barney Jones. He's m friend of mine." Old. man {with continued solemnity): Nay, my young friend, he is an enemy of yours." , Yonngtnan ; «Well, I don't Jtnow bat whatyott're -hat you're right. Barney gave me two or three irM mm sure #Jlltine things am on lUBtanlatt'a yesterday's Mtiuia races that made me walk borne. Yon can't tell nowadays, old whe yoar friends te.'* " ^^^ 2 