FEET OF CLAY. A DOMESTIC ROMANCE. [BY AMELIA E. BARR.] CHAPTER VI. FEET OF CLAY. Be patient, my soul; thou hast at another time suffered something still worse than this. It is character more than talent that ensures esteem. No one can be really great who has a low Moral nature.— BLACKIE. " The day and the night and life goes on." But the day and the night are only the cups which hold our measure of Life's wine or water. To each the measure of the cup is the same, bat the mingling thereof has an eternal and illimitable variety. Who can say that they have had two days precisely alike? And yet Mrs. Pennington felt as if the slow weeks of August were made up of a dreary sameness of waiting and anxiety. Towards the end of it, however, George's affairs were so far settled that the writing of a certain letter became a necessary duty. No one knew when she wrote it, but all could see that she was watching the mail with an intensely painful expectation. For three days she had suspense and disappointment. Harriet saw that her distress was so great that she could not swallow. She heard her soft footfalls overhead in a monotonously restless walk. She perceived that she had passed the hour in which society is endur- able and was watching and waiting in a solitude which enabled her to give her soul some release from the restraints imposed upon it, even by the company of her son and daughter. On the evening of the third day she was fortunately alone in the house. Harriet had gone to an entertainment with her lover. George was wandering in Mellish Glen with Bella Cluass. In the midst of the sorrowful thoughts which possessed her, Mrs. Penning- ton suspected this, but it was as only as one responsibility is remembered among a great many others. When the house grew dark in the early gloomlng, she went into the garden. It was ablaze with dahlias and full of the intoxicat- ing perfume of August lillies. A sleepy, old-world air pervaded it; in the grey twi- light it seemed like a very haunt of ancient peace. But the solitary side of our nature loves the sea, and Martha Pennington turned her face towards it. Its everlasting murmur answered the restless beating of her own heart. The silence and seclusion, the pale radiance of the new moon, the ebb of the tide serenely drawn away, insensibly calmed and comforted her. A deep, peaceful sad- ness hushed the tumult of the past anxious days; she spoke to God softly and plead- ingly, as a child may speak to a father, and He answered her. It was in this peaceful mood she heard a firm deliberate step approaching—not the step of any of her household, and yet its echo vibrated dully on some chord of memory. She turned slowly and with a certain fear to meet it. A man was coming towards her, a tall, rather stout man in the prime of life. She whispered his name, though she had not seen him for twenty years. In another moment he was holding her hand, and gazing with wondering pity into her face. "My dear Martha!" " My dear Robert! I am in trouble, Robert, and there is no one but you—I wrote a letter!" "l am here to answer to it. Where are the children?" "They are visiting—a little dance at Deemster's that is all. Come into the house; you must want some refreshment." "No; I had my dinner at the hotel. My valet and baggage are there. Until I know all about this nephew of mine, it is best to preserve my incognito. I am your lawyer, our adviser, tell him nothing more; I must be left quite free in this matter, Martha!" "Certainly; have you any news for me ?" " Not a word!" " You are making every effort?" " Every possible effort." Then there was a painful silence until the house was reached. A very ghost of a smile flitted over her face at the door. She bid him welcome, and then led him to a small parlour. In response to her bell Quayle came trailing in with candles, and pottered awhile over the window blinds and the fire- place. There was a wood lire dying on the hearth, and he brought in more wood and swept the marble stone free of ashes. In the meantime Mrs. Pennington went upstairs. She returned with her hands full of papers, and when Quayle had left the par- lour pushed them silently across the table to her companion. They were the bills which Harriet had once examined with so much indignation, the record of George's folly and extravagance. Mrs. Pennington watched the face of the man who was looking them over with a sickening anxiety. It was a noble face, with that strange elusive like- ness to George which we call family resem- blance. And yet to those unfamiliar with the family, there would not have been the slightest suggestion of kinship. George was strikingly handsome, his uncle had no claim whatever to beauty. George was slight and elegant in form, his uncle tall and massive. Both were noticeably particular, about their dress, but George affected the utmost splen- dour and fashion ; his uncle's clothing was distinguished by a studied simplicity. He was evidently a man of the world and accustomed to look at things from a very different standpoint to his sister-in-law. The bills whioh had kept Martha Pennington and her daughter Harriet sleepless and miserable, whlch had shadowed their lives for many weeks, he regarded, not indeed with indif- ference, but without anger and without any intimation that he thought them a final evi- dence of George's utter failure in life. He glanced at the contents of each and jotted down their amounts, as he proceeded with his task. Sometimes a contemptuous smile drew his kindly mouth a trifle downward; but in the main the expression was that of grave annoyance—such an expression indeed as a physician might wear, who was diagnos- ing the case of a man who had wilfully brought on himself a dangerous attack of sickness. Once or twice he glanced at the anxious mother. His heart gave him a sharp pain when he did so. The dark shadows under her dropped eyes, the pallor of her wasted face, were the evidences to him of a terror and sorrow which the world suspected not, but which he knew—a sorrow which came steaming up from years long since dead, but which had still power to darken the sunshine of the present. When he had gone through the papers to the last scrap he laid them tidily together, and then turned his chair away from the table. "Martha," he said," they make a bad list, but not a hopeless one. He has been led into the greater part of his extravagance by the mere force of companionship and imitation. He has been in temptation, and been too weak to withstand it—more's the pity. But I am sorry you let him sell his commission." " Oh, no! Oh, no! I am sure it was better for him to come home. When a man is too weak to withstand temptation, he must not be sent into it. 'Lead us not into temptation' —that is the prayer that George—that so many of us—need most of all." "But he cannot remain always at home. And there is temptation of some kind or other in all places and conditions. Cards and dice are everywhere. Wine and women are every where. Even convents and monasteries have their peculiar vices, and a man could be a villain if he lived entirely alone. Do you hope, Martha, that if he fails to learn the lesson of life here, he will learn it in another life ? No, no, he must oonquer his faults now." " Robert, I know my son. I dare not trust him in the world again. He must remain here, and he can occupy his time in the study of the law. Our best and greatest men here are lawyers. Any position is open to them." " Martha," have yon the power of fore- casting George's destiny? You see that I have never married. I am never likely to do so. From the saddle of a cavalry officer a man may take any position without embar- rassment." "A lawyer too, Robert." "For God's sake, Martha, let us keep from the law. The sight of a lawyer makes me tremble, and if George is really so weak as you seem to think I would not trust him with its facilities. Morally weak men have no more business with the law than a moth has with a flame." A silence, sensitive with the uncle's irrita- tion and the mother's opposition, followed. Robert Pennington broke it with an impetu- ous question caused by a suspicion as certain as it was sudden. "Martha, are you quite sure that you have told me all? All, mind! I must know every- thing. Less than everything would be a wrong to me and a dishonour to yourself ." She was white as death, she trembled from head to foot, and laced and unlaced her ner- vous hands with a piteous despair. She tried to speak but could not. " There is more, then?" A movement of her head, a dumb entreaty from eyes full of fear answered him. There is more I see, and worst ?" He rose with the question and went to the sideboard. A carafe of water stood upon it, and he filled a glass and brought it to her. Then he also drank with an almost greedy haste, and after standing motionless a few minutes, returned to his ohair. " Martha, dear, It is best to have all con- fessed and understood. Try and tell me." "There was a debt to Lord Penrith. I have paid it." " To Arthur Penrith ?" "Yes," "Oh, but that is shameful! -Intolerable!" " You must remember that George knows nothing." "True. But, oh. what cruel fate brought those two together?'' "I never asked—a social accident, I sup- pose. Arthur Penrith had a strong affection for George." "Impossible! How could it be? Why did you not put a stop to the acquaintance?" "I did not know of it. How should I? George had many friends and acquaintances. I knew none of their names. Penrith was one among them. He had been very kind— wonderfully kind—to George; so devoted to him that — George — being— in —a—great— strait—one—day—" "Go on!" "I cannot!" " Go on, Martha!" "George—not—knowing—what—to do— for—£800—" " Go on; for God's, sake don't keep me in such suspense!" She covered her face with her hands and remained silent. "You mean that, George—FORGED— Lord Penrith's name ?" " Yes ! Oh, be merciful, Robert!" He sat staring before him with a gloomy anger—an anger that was almost despair. The room was so still that the dropping wood-ash upon the marble hearth made a distinct vibration. And when Robert Pen- nington spoke again it was in the voice of one to whom speech is a fatigue. Yet the slow words were full of pity, and so soft and gentle that they required Martha Pennington to make a mental effort in order to catch their meaning and apply it. " Why did you not send for me as soon as this crime was known to you?" "Because—because I did not want you to know. Penrith behaved like a brother. George confessed the wrong to him, and he paid the note without a word. He wept like a child—he had so loved and trusted George." "George Pennington is a scoundrel!" "Be merciful, Robert! George wept, too; I am sure he was bitterly sorry. Penrith forgave him, but has never spoken to him since." "What a horror of shame! Is Penrith paid yet?" " Yes, yes. As soon as George told me I got the money—I got it on my pearls." " You threw them away, I dare say." " Let them go!—sorrowful gems they have been to me." " Why was I not sent for then?" "I thought I could save you this shame. I thought then that a thousand pounds would put George right. I felt that he must sell out and get away from tempta- tion; and then, after all, I found myself un- able to manage his debts—'they kept coming in,' he said. I suppose he did not really know how much he owed. Oh, Robert! Robert! be merciful to him. We cannot tell how much is really his fault." You must go to bed now, Martha : you are more dead than alive. Poor mother! Bear it as well as you are able. I am here, dear, to lift all of the burden I can from your heart." " Oh, Robert; I wish I had sent for you before ! I wish I had trusted you before ! I have suffered ! Oh, how much I have suf- fered!" "And George is dancing and making love. I suppose? What imperishable faith and love there must be in women's hearts! How else would they dare to become mothers?" "Ah, Robert, there are so many good children, so many sweet and loving children; and as for those who tear our hearts to pieces —God so loved them, dear, that He sent His only begotten Son to be their salvation. Shall a mortal mother be less merciful?" "God bless you, Martha! I am going now, dear. I must have time to think before I see George Pennington. Remember, I am Robert Luce to him. I am not sure whether I shall ever know him under any other name." (To be continued.) 