Induction at Epping. The PreBbytary of Launceaton met in the church nt Epping on Friday last at 2 p.m. After the Presbytery had been constituted in the voetry, and formal business transact d, the clerk of Presbytery wont into the church and called for objections to the life and doctrine of the Rev. D. A. Mftcdnngal. Noobjections being offered, the servicn in the chnrch was opened by the Rev. E. 0. Tennenfc giving out the 100th psalm, reading a New Testament lesson, and prayer. Thnrenft-r lio preached an appro inati sormon trotn Acts, 20th chapter, and 2Sth verse— 'Take lined unto yourselves and to the flock, in the which the Holy Ghost hath made yon bipbops, to feed the Church of God, which He purchased with BJis blood.' From those word^i an aWe permon' wns de livered on tho important office described — ' Bishopa over tho flick,' and the dutiea fo'be discharged by such— 'Foedtheflock.' 'BJBh'op' in New Testament times wns only applied to pastors of congregation, but had no diocesan significance. Tho Rev. J. Russell then ascended the pulpit, and after relating tbe Bte. s which had led up to the installation of the Row Mr Macdougall, put the usual qu^ationi to the pastor elect and people. Satisfactory answers UO1LJ££ glVCll ill, 'IIOrGU lip ''U' I'lUUUUllJll prayer, declared Mr M'Doutrnll duly inducted into the pastoral charge of Kirklands and Eppine;, and the Protbytery gave him the riftht hand nf fellowship ' to take pare in this ministry.' Thereafter Mr Unsiell delivered an address to the pa»t»r on the important .duties he would have to discharge in hia new sphere of labor. The Rev. J, Lyle delivered a practical address to tho people on their duty to en courage their minister by regular attendance on his ministry, by prayer, giving of their means to support and helping in every potsibla tnnnner to make Church wo k eisy, efficient, and spiritual. After piayar and praise he pro nounced the benediction. At the close of the survic? the poople gave their now pastor tho right hand of wolcome in retiring fmm church.. ' ?, , The Prosbytery retired to the vestry, to transact formal business, when the Rev. J. TlmaelV and Mr' Job i Taylor, of 'Wiriton,.were appointed to represent the Presbyfery of Lann ceston at the IVleral Assembly to be hold in Hobart on the third Wednesday of January, 1S90. The Praabyte y then adjourned,,' to , meet in Launceston on the first Tuesday of January. ??' Notwithstanding tho boisterous weatherj'the .lipping- congregation was well represented, ana several loading rnnmber-i of Kirkland's congregation travelled over 12 miles to be'p're sent at the induction The members of the Presbytery were hospitably entertained to dinner by the Hon. J. Gibson, M.L.O., of Belle Vue. Though the usual formalities of a tea meeting were dispensed with, at the close of tho service tea wos provided for those who had travelled a distance. Mr M'Dougall, who is a son of tho mnnse, and has been minister of St. George's, Geelong, for the last seven years, is in th') prime of life. Though ho has hnd to lewe one of the best provincial congregations in Vic!oria on account of Mrs M'Dougall's health, he will be a great acquisition to the Pr-jsbytirian Ghur'.h of Tas mania, and we anRiir for him a career of great usefulness in the importaut c mutry charge of Kirklandd and Epping. 