OUR STORY, GIPSY WILL'S SWEETHEART. (Concluded from our last isstif.) On the same day Patty found out where the king fern grew, uuder the sum mer- house hill; and 'twas only the next that Will, unwitting of the purpose, had provided her with a specimen of the fern itself, a wooden platter, and a full descrip tion of where to gather more down in the damp shaugfas. Verily life seemed, unbearable to Patty for the next few days, overwrought as ehe was with fear for her lover. All the superstition of the old southern Saxon blazed out in her, so that, though Dinah had not absolutely said the fern-seed would render Will invisible to the poachers, ehe had come to the conclusion that if she could gather it herself, she could hover about him like a guardian angel and save him from harm. A doubt of the infallibility of Dinah's specific never entered into her mind. Even the coming home of the yonng Squire towards the middle of June was of no import to her, though he was more ardently inclined than ever. Patty lived only for her lover, and ignored all else. Indeed, so pale and anxious she grew that every one noticed it; but with set pur-j pose before her, she looked not right nor; left, except to make such love to the old ] housekeeper as should get her possession of the key of the door leading on to the I terrace, when she could easily go round by the corner of the bowling-green into the park. St. John's Eve came at last 3 The morning seemed unending, the afternoon intolerable, and tea in the housekeeper's room oppressively weaiy. As luck would bave it, Patty's young mistress went to bed early that night. The lights in the lower suite of state -rooms were "put out at a little past ten, and eleveu o'clock found Patty creeping on tip-toe down the staircase into the great ball, through whose latticed win dows the moon streamed in on to many a trophy of Middle-Age armour—on sword and lance, Puritan leather jerkin, pike and matchlock—the trophies of flood and field—from the last red- deer head that graced the chase nigh three hundred years ago, to the mask of the last gallant fox that had died before the bounds in February. Nervously she unlocked the door and Btepped out into the intense black shadow of the Great House. Beyond the terrace the home grass .park was a blaze of moon light up to the Great Oak, beyond which the broken ridges of bracken and bramble, thorn and mountain-ash, were shadowed in with mighty blue-black pines. But there is no time to stay ; and, keep ing in the shadow, Patty flits along the terrace, through the arched gallery door, under which the grand Court ladies of former days had sipped their chocolate with Lady Zouch, and gossiped while the men were playing troco on the bowling green outside. Across thiB to the little arbour Patty steals like a bunted hare, conscious that there is the only dangerous spot. A moment more, she has passed the arbour, clambered over the little stone parapet, and without waiting to think of its depth has jumped into t!he moat surrounding the terrace. Here she pauses to listen; but no sound, nor sign, save the bleat of tbe sheep and whinny of the colts in the grass-park, and the quick palpitations of her own heart. Little did she suspect that within fifteen feet of her in the arbour, crushing down his wonder and excitement, sat the young Squire, who, to avoid parental objection, was enjoying his evening havannah under the moonlight; and who had half reeog nised in the black-cloaked figure flitting past the arbour, Patty Holden, the girl of all others he most wished to have a word with. Where could she be going ? To see whom? were the questions that puzzled him. To see some relation or sick friend, she would have openly asked for leave, or for an escort. No. This pointed to some clandestine meeting, the which he would take steps to see, and by taxing her with it turn it to his own profit. As Patty's footfall died away on the soft turf, the youug Squire slipped out of the arbour, and, vaulting over the railing, dropped into the shadow to follow her footsteps so soon as she should be fairly hidden in the Lime Avienue. The Lime Avenue ! How sombre it seemed to poor Patty, heedless of tbe scent of the last few blossoms dying upon the night—of the great moths that flut tered and swooped in and out. She saw only a roof of foliage arching in a great shadow, the grey and grisly stems, and the glare of the moonlight outside, into which she longed but dared not, to step. Anyone from the hodse, or some of tbe men coming home, might see her there ; while in the gloom she was safe from all save the dread of a nameless " something" stepping out and. confronting her from behind every tree-trunk. The end of the Lime Avenue is reached, and the Winchfield road crossing her path at right angles gleams white in the moon light—the crossing sentinelled by four giant silver pines, from whose lordly tops a single jackdaw begins to chatter as he sees her, and as the whole roost take up the cry, she shrinks back in terror against j the Btem of the last linden. But it 1b too late to go back now. Will's life—her own—depends on the suc cess of her venture. The long grass ] moonlit ride, fringed with heather and marked with scattering firs, would soon 1 give place to the darker forest, in which there would be more safety ; and after a moment's hurried prayer, she sped wildly up the ride amid a chattering volley from tbe jackdaws. The great silver fir— scarred and scored from crest to boll by lightning, tbe wonder of her childhood is passed, and many another noble land mark of the chase, till she stops at last on the edge of the thicker forest under the shade of tbe well-known deformed Scotch Fir, which, anable through some youthful injwy to rear a head as proudly as his ! brothers on either side, has perversely '■ grown outward and downwards till it has formed a bower fit for the Fir-Maiden 1 herself. As soon as the excitement of movement had passed, a deadly fear of impending evil came over Patty; bnt the brave little spirit would not quail; and out again she crept into the moonlight, only to shrink back with a cry, as through the pines overhead, with evety undulating motion, there swept a broken sheet of white, twenty feet square, and then silently faded into the distance. Poor child 3 little did she deem, as she cowered under I the fir branches, that that same sheet which had scared many a one before, and many a one afterwards, was only a herd of j swans wending their nightiy way from Dogmeesfield to Bramshill, from Brams hil! great pond to the Lodden at Swallow field. But to Patty, as to others, it was a ' veritable moving apparition of the ghost and bogy of her childhood; and long it was ere she could muster courage for an other start. She could but die ; and what if she did die for Will's sake ? Better that than have him killed and leave her desolate. Then, fancy, if she was success ful! if she reached the fern-seed, ga thered it, and gave it to him, so that he would henceforth walk invisible among the poachers 1 For that meant absolute safety. Yes! up and on ! till the pine-needles crisped under her tread. With an occasional start as a nightjar swoops into her path in pursuit of a moth, a rabbit scuttles into the fern, or a flock of snipe wails across from the moor down to the gleaming reaches of the river be low, at length she emerges from the forest on to a chine, on the further end of which glints white the summer-house. On either side the hill slopes down abruptly, covered in with bracken. It is not, however, to the right, where I far below the thorn-bushes rise in the dell, but to the left she looks anxiously, where the gleaming stems of the silver j birches mark the boggy stream by which grows the king fern. She can hear the dogs at the keeper's half a mile away break out into answering tongue as a fox sullies the stillness with a querulous bark, which reminds her that she is standing j out in the open moonlight, where some of I the keepers or watchers may see her. So i she plunges down the little moor-path, and, disappearing in over-arching fronds cf bracken, is lost to sight to the young ' Squire, who, more and more puzzled with her manoeuvres, has almost made up his mind to betray himself. But, perhaps, this dell may tell its tale ; and cautiously j be too dives down into the bracken, and | is lost to sight to a third person—Gipsy Will himself, gun on shoulder, who, un known to either of the others, has been keeping pace with them through the firs to the left—a more puzzied spectator J than even the young Squire. The young Squire he had known at] once ; but Patty was not so easily recog nised, nor the reason for her being there, and being followed. There must be something wrong about this. And he too disappears under the green blanket of fern, converging so as to ! meet the other two at the bottom of the I dell. Not twenty yards apart do the two men reach it, and twenty yards ahead of them on the tinkling moor-stream side, hedged in with silver birch stems, stands Patty Golden in the moonlight, shaking into her platter a giant frond of Osmunda Re galis that towers above ber bead, while her face shames the very moon in j ness; and the two men see her whole | form quivering with emotion. The young Squire first recovered his sang-froid, and jauntily stepped out from the shadow with a " Hullo ! little Patty !" The girl's wild shriek as he stepped I forward to put his arm round her, roused i all the slumbering devil in Will's heart, and clubbing his gun he sprang forward. The Squire's sword was out in a se cond, and, ere the gun-stock descended, was through Will's left arm ; nevertheless the blow fell fair ou to the young man's shoulder, crushing him senseless to the earth. About two months afterw ards, the door of a cell in Winchester Gaol opened, and ' a keeper said to its inmate, " Will Half acre, you're in luck ! The young Squire of Bramshill is better, and instead of pro ceeding against you, they have withdrawn all charges; and here's Patty Holden brought the warrant for your release." In another moment Patty was nestling in his bosom, and telling in disjointed sentences how the young Squire had said it was all his own fault, and how he had frankly forgiven ; and how the old Squire, though he could not keep Will on the place, had got him a head-keepership in Hertfordshire, and that he was to go there immediately ; and bow she loved him, and that they were to get married at once, and that she'd tell him how she got his release by-and-bye, and twenty other things—all of which Will quite forgot in his bewilderment. And to the day of his death be never remembered rightly what' passed at Winchester Gaol, except that he got out, and that Patty there and then extracted a promise from him that he should never refer to the subject of pick ing fern-Beed on St. John's Eve. M. K. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.—Ever useful. The afflicted by illness should look their diseases fully in the face, and at once Beek a remedy for them. A short search will convince the most sceptical that these noble medicaments have af forded ease, comfort, and oftentimes com plete recovery, to the most tortured suf ferers. The Ointment will cure all descriptions of sores, wounds, bed legs, sprains, eruptions, erysipelas, rheuma tism, gout, and skin affections. The Pills never fail in correcting and strengthening the stomach, and in restoring a deranged liver to a wholesome condition, in rousing torpid kidneys to increase their secretion, and in re-establishing the natural healthy activity of the bowels. Holloways are the remedies for complaints of all classes of society. 