ACROSS THE MAIN DIVIDE. BY "THE VAGABOND. "J No. II.' Tho peoplo of Omco have public communica tion with tho outer world tlirico a week. Tho mails via Bairnsdalo arrive and depart by coach on the alternate six days. On the seventh the drivers and horses rest from their labors. That this important district should not have a daily mail scrvico is a matter of loud and justifiable oomplaint. Cobb's coach from Oraeo will only accommodate six passongors, and places have to be secured days in advance. Tbo wary traveller will book his scat at tho head fcfllco iu rdelbournc. Tho careless traveller will often find himself delayed in Omco for n couplo of days through every seat boiug secured by others. Residents of Omco who may bo suddenly summoned on urgent business or privato affairs from tlicir homos also labor under tho disadvantage of finding every plnco jumped by travellers, com mercial or otherwise. Residents on tho road to the Tambo may bo detained for a week or two before room can be found for thorn in tho coach. It is a gross absurdity and injustice that public provision is only mado for 18 passen gers to arrive and depart from Omco during tho week. Having once got hero the troublo is to get away. There are no livery stables. Cobb and Co. only keep sufficient horses for tbo coaohcs. Tourists who meroly wish to cross tho spur of tho Australian Alps at Mount Hothara, and to visit Omco ,and its surrounding beauties, aud above nil thoso of tho Omeo Plains and tho valley of tho Mitta Mitta, would be wiso to cngago veliioles and horses from Ovnwfnril and Co. 'a stables at Bright. Two days' drive from Bright to Omeo, ono to tho Omoo Plains, and two days' return — for a party of six it can bo done cheaper than any of tho excursions I havo seen adver tised. "With Antonio Dominguez to direct such a party safety and comfort would bo secured. For it is indeed a long and a weary journey across tho Main Divide from Omeo to Bairns- dale. Coaches leavo at 5 a. m. and arrlvo at thoir destination at IX p.m. On a summer's morning thero is nothing more dolightful than an early rise and a start by coach. Some of my most charming experiences of lifo iu Australia havo been at early dawn in tho Queensland bush on tho box scat of a coach. Lindsay Gordon shows ho understood how animating those early excursions can bo, in the lines, 'Twos merry in the glowing morn amid tho gleaming grass, Driving in the cool morning air through gum forests or mulga scrub, or across broad plains, on tho horizon of which tho sun roso lilto a ball of fire, ono had a senso of freedom and exhilaration of spirit such ns it is impossible to experience when ono is cooped up in a railway train. But it is a far different thing to get up at 4 a.m. on a dark cold winter's morning to find your way through tho mud of a bush township to tho conch stables, and thence to shiver all day long on tho box scat or tho inside. I shall never forget tho horriblo day's coacli rido I had iu Otago years haok, where tho cold, frosty wind drovo mo from tho box to tho insido of tho coacli, which was tenanted by only another passenger, a young lady, a " schoolinarm " going homo for her Easter holidays. . Naturally, I had to givo up my rug to tho young lady, and hut for tho bolt of straw with which Dick tho drivor provided mo, aud in which I coiled up liko a rodent, I believe I should have perished of cold. At tho end of that day's journey the coach halted at a played-out mining township whore tho little " schoolinarm" was rocoivcd with open arms by her frionds ; and at tho miserable hotel, from whcnco wo had to start again iu tho morning before daylight, I was consigned to a wretched chambor in which tho most prominent feature of furniture was a Bible. Upon seeing this I was prepared for tho miscrablo fare and tho damp shoots wliioh laid tho seeds of a lung disease which accompanied me for many months until I arrived at New Guinea. Mr. Fosbery and myself having secured the box scats of tho coach at Omeo two days iu advance, several passengers aro left behind. As we do not start from Dootor's Flat until after 8 o'clock, tho sun is well up, aud wo inlialo tho morning air witli pleasure, and ndmiro tho cattle standing lazily under tho clumps of wnttlo on tho banks of tho crook. Then wo cxchango talcs of coaching experiences fn various parts of tho world with our American driver, as decent a follow as I wish to sit beside. Our first stago to Ensay .is a short ono of 8 miles. Ensay is named from tho station belonging to Mr. Hamilton, who has given mo a cordial invitation to visit him, of whicli some day I may avail myself. Ensay otherwise consists of a public bouso and coach stables. Thoso. aro on tho banks of tho Littlo River. Hero wo change horses and halt for threo quarters of an hour for tho solo purpose, it appears tome, of affording opportunity to tho jiuhlican to sell moro liquor. Hero would-be travellers aro waiting to go on to Bairnsdalo and tho metropolis. Room is mado for a lady and her baby by one of our insido passengers borrowing a liorso to rido as far as tho next stage, at tho Tambo Crossing, where wo shall cxchango iutq a larger coach. Tho little wooden inn at Ensay displays two humorous placards on sheets of note paper. In bad writing and in bad English, it is announced that "Fivo Beers Reward, pewters, will bo given to anyono who will givo information of tho namo of tho offen der who struck out EIr. Foster's namo from an election bill posted here." Tho second notico is that " A Free Drunk will bo givon to any informer not tho actunl criminal in this case." This is an cxamplo of tho primitive wit of tho district, and tho i>opularity of the new member, and also of tho drinking powers of tho neighboring selec tors. " I'ivo beers, pewters," to most people would be tho saino ns a " drunk." Hero tho placards aro read iu tiro same light as wliou a police reward is increased from £5 to £100. Otir now driver is a noted ohnractcr. Alick is reputed to bo tiro champion whip of Gippsland. He is not only a good and careful drivor, but lias a soifl full of music. "NVlien Alick lias a holiday bo devotes it to-BIolbourno and opera, comic or grand. And lio lias a wonderful car and a memory which enables him to whistle tho most difficult air of Sullivan's with the greatest pre cision. It is almost as good as listening to tho fluto playing of Mr. John Radoliflo. It is a good thing to havo a light heart as well as a good pair of hands in driving over tho country betwocn Ensay aud tho Tambo Crossing. It is tho worst track I lravo seen in California, New Zealand or Australia. It is far easier to approach Omeo along tho Alps from TCwtrrltfc fhn.it fn firnw f.ltn Mnin Divifln fi-ntn Soutli Gippslauil. Hill sides, which are almost precipices, sidoling3 full of deep and dangerous ruts, fallen trees occasionally obstructing tho track, make up a "stago" tho worst possible to bo travorsod. If it were just a littlo worso it would be impassable. T'wico wo alight and walk down hills. I havo been requested many times to walk up hill, but nover down. This is an iustanco of the badness of tho road, as well as of tho prudenco of the driver in con sidering our safety. "It is bettor to be sure than sony," says Alick, a sentiment in which, although I do not liko walking cither up Or down hill, I heartily coincide. I cannot find out who first gavo tho nnino of Tho Fainting Ranges to these hills, but it was a happy one. I aupposo this was where the early piioneers of Omeo, if of faint heart, turned back trom their quest. It is not until you see tho condition of tho present track hotween Omco and Bairnsdalo that you rocogniso the disadvantages under which the miners of the district exist. It has been almost impossible to bring heavy machinery over tho Fainting Range. Wo pass two bullook drays with a boiler and othor mining materials, which havo taken 10 days to make 18 miles. Thero aro 32 bullocks anil threo drivers to tho dray carrying tho boiler. Tho manner in which these men liavo engineered thoir heavy load around tho curves of tho sidclings is most wonderful. Block and taclclo havo had to be used, and bye tracks cut through the bush so that tho bullocks might get a clear and a straight haul. Bullock drays aro tho pioneers of traffic, cloaring tho road as tlioy go. In return, however, they partly ruin any mado traok by cutting it up into frightful ruts. Wo meet various drays besides thoso containiug tho maohiiiery, auil on such occasions Mr. Fosbory and myself havo to dismount to givo Alick room to steer his elbows. On approaching close to one team I am noarly impaled "by a white-faced Hereford which makes a rush at me. I reoog- nisotho brand ns that of Sir William Clarke's Orbost station, a place of which I havo such pleasant reminiscences. That any beast from tho Snowy River should make hostile demon- strations against mo is a proof of animal Ingratitude. A now road from near Ensay to the Tambo Crossing is now in course of construction, nnd it is to bo coinplotcd by the end of tho year. This runs nlong the valley of tho Tambo, anil is practicable for light buggies and horses. Ely companion drives that way, and describes it as being full of picturcsquo bends and glimpses of river scenery. Even when this traok is com pleted thero will ho somo stiff pinches therein. Ono bullock team took an hour in pro gressing 300 yards over a bluff. Another plnco will live in history as tho "Bishop's Pinch," EIr. Hamilton having driven Bishop Goo down this steep embankment breaking tho polo of his buggy in doing so. There are a largo number of navvies engagod on this lower road, and Bomo heavy work is on baud. Half a mile of cutting through a solid rock in one plnco cost over £2000. Thero is not much lifo on theso uppor waters ot tbo Tambo. A few Chineso aro sluicing tho banks of tho various crooks ; hero and thero a selector's cabin or tho wbito tents of tho navvies at work on tho road form a pleasing foreground to tho wooded bluffs at tho back. At tho " Hauntod Stream " ono meets with a strange souvenir of tho sooial history of a quarter of a century back. In our o.vn times no law caso has created such excite ment as the cclobratcd Tichborno one. Whether tho " Claimant " was a Castro or an Orton, a Wapping butcher or a whopping baronot, will nover bo decided to tho satisfaction of his sup porters. But one thing appears to bo clear. Tho real Sir Roger did kind in Australia. Thero is a misty tradition that a miner named "Balln- rat Harry," who was mixed up with Sir Roger Tiohborno, or who was tho real Sir Roger, was murdered by his matos on tho banks of this Haunted Stream. In tho good old days of Victoria, which had a CuiisMu IumYci in them thwi vntnA peoplo now say they were tho "bad old days," thero was every opportunity for a man to bo dono to death. In Australian Wilds, EIr. Farjeon has perhaps too strongly dwelt upon tho crimes which then took place. But still it was remarkably easy to " got rid " of an obnoxious "mate." I know an intelligent commercial traveller who, for his own satisfaction, mado a study of the Tiohborno caso. When somo timo back I mot him at Sale ho proved to mo thatthrcc men started from Gippsland to Omco, the " Claim ant," Orton, and another supposed to bo tho real Sir Roger Tiohborno. Two returned, ono to caitso tho greatest legal sensation of tho contury, and tho other to bccomo a lunatic in Farramatta gaol. Ely commercial maintains that tho lunatio Crcsswcll is really Arthur Orton, and ho proved it to mo by tho resemblance in photographs to tho Orton family. It was tor this reason that the "Claimant" being Crcsswoll so boldly defied tho English lnwyors to prove him Orton, tho theory of his opponents being that ho was not Sir Roger Tichborno but Arthur Orton. Of tho three men who camo along this Tambo Valley to tho Haunted Stream, tho lunatic and the " Claimant" still livo ; but what has bccomo of tho bones of their raato who died or was murdered on its banks ? If when 8' tho brains aro out " tho spirit does not dio, ono can well imagine tho ghost of tho unhappy young heir to tho honso of Ticbborne wandoring along tho banks of this Haunted Crook in default of spiritual moans of locomotion to tako him to wail around tho walls and frighten tho servants of his native home. In tho road outtings now being made, it is possible tbat tho navvies may discover somo human bones, thoso of tho real Sir Roger. It is a pretty ghost story this, but not so pretty as that of the ghostly dog whieh, it is said, sometimes follows tho stago be tween Davlesford and Mnlmsburv. I havo keen told that many havo scon tho form of a great black dog coining out of tho bush and run ning after tho coach, and even springing up tho steps. That seems rather ogreisk, but the dog ghost lias no intention to harm any of tho pas sengers. _ Ho is in searcii of his master whom, when in the flesh, ho lost in this bush. Tho animal's faithful spirit has survived his physical decay, nnd ho still seeks hiB earthly friend. I much wish to see this canino ghost. Tho "Tambo Crossing" presents itself to travellers in tho form of somo scattered wooden buildings and stables comprising tho establish ment of tho Sir Walter Scott Hotel. Hero we not only chango horses but chango coachos, going on in a vchiolo capable of accommodating eight passengers. Thero is a halt of about an hour for a midday dinucr, which is a very gtSod and square meal. I had heard evil reports of tho 'Tainbo Crossing, and had oven been advisod not to feed hero. I was'told that tho waitresses did not wait on one, but iustoad sat down and familiarly talked with tho guests. I remember Sir Somers Vino making a speech in London, in which ho maintained that woman was tho natural attendant upon man, and that sacred and profane history alike taught us that it was an unnatural thing for man to wait upon man. When this theory is applied to tho well trained waitresses you meet at Eliss Bloon's or tlio ilia iso ir Legal I agrco with it. But on onoioint my ideas still remain thoroughly Ame rican, and that is that it is not a woman's business to supply a man with strong drink. A " Barmaid " has never bccomo an institution in tho Unitod States. In Australia slio remains so, a reminiscence of tho days when a woman was a curiosity and her presence in a drinking saloon an attraction. It may he that young girls aro drawn to the scr vico of tho bar because they have heard of marriages therefrom which raised tho brides into tho upper circles of Government House. When tho truo history of Victorian society is written many will bo astonished to learn tiro number of eminent ladies who graduated from tho public house. In sayiug this, thero is not the slightest disres pect intended, for ono of tho most worthy ladies I ever know, who was tho best helpmate a literary man over had, was a barmaid m the Haymarkot in London. « In thoso remarks concerning onr bar Hcbcs thero are many reservations. Thoso who know the establishment dear to musicians, wliioh may bo called tbo Blelbourno " Romano's," will ac knowledge that a bar room may bo kept as select as a club, but gener ally speaking it is not so. I write on bo- half of tho poor girls themselves when I say that I wish them a hotter fate than that which awaits so many of them. What becomes of your pretty Blelbourno barmaid in mature years? SUo drifts to Sydnoy, to Brisbane, to tho Queensland goldflolds or to Fiji. She has had her fleeting day of admiration, and it is lucky for her if in the back blocks she can end, as sho should havo begun, by marrying a rcspcctablo laborer. In bush townships tho local barmaid, however, is also a waitress anil servant. Generally tho proprietor of tho hostelry looks after the dis- ponsiug of tho liquors himself. As waitresses I lmvo never had any fault to find with girls in tho country. These in tho Sir Walter Scott Hotel attend very well to EIr. "Fosbory and myself, nnd supply all our wants, if they do afterwards sit down and tell us tlio news of tho neigliborhobd. Tlioy cross question Alick as to the doings of residents on the road, storing up an amount of small talk which will last them until tho morrow. Ely lady fricndB will no doubt tell mo that in this tho girls are no worso than tho men. I must admit that if thero aro many scandalmongers amongst tho fair sex they obtain the scandal in many cases from thoir husbands, or how can ladies in Bocioty know so muoh about bachelors, of wliioh it is gcnorally considered they should bo ignorant? Somo acres of land on tho banks of tho Tambo near tho hotel have been cleared and put under tho plough. These arc covered with flocks of thousands of whito cockatoos, which flutter ono abovo tho other liko tho advancing waves of tlio ocean. From tho river on tho other sido steep banks rise, resembling Studloy Park, only moro picturesque. Thero is very littlo water in tho Tambo at present. Tho bed is composed of immense granito rooks. A great dead gum tree is right across the track as wo drive down tho bank. On my suggestion that a chargo of dynamite would bo nn advantage iu moving this, Alick explains tlint it is left for the purposo of acting as a fulcrum from which tho coacli is liauled out by a ropo when It gets stuck in tho river in winter timo. Along the west bank of tho Tambo River tho road really becomes picturesque. A tourist in search of the beautiful would uot find tho road between Omco nnd tho Tambo Crossing repay him. But from hcnco southwards thero aro ovorywlicro long stretches of beauty of river, and bush, and hill, and mountain, and pluin. Tlio Tambo River from Lako King to Brnthon possesses tho most beautiful stretch of river sconcry in Australia. Here, in its uppor waters, beyond tho limit of navigation, it maintains its character. It as yet runs between very narrow , gorges fringed with tall gums nnd wnttlcs nnd sassafras and dog wood, and in many parts re minds mo much of tlio rond to Watlralla. At one turn Alick informs me that lie often aces, boskingon tho roadside, numbcrsof thoso strange water lizards known ns Snowy River crocodiles. They come from tho stream and lio in tlio sun on tho rocks, just as tho grcator Snurinns do iu Queensland. On the approach of vohiclcs they dart down into tho water. Alick tolls me that for six years ho has particularly noticed ono lizard, which, having lost tho greatcrpart of its tail, can bo easily identified. It is a strango fact iu tho natural history of Australia that from this Gippsland watershed of tho Tambo and Snowy rivers in Victoria until you renoh Central Queensland theso wator lizards aro not mot. Another strango fact as regards tho flora of this district is that from Cabbago 'l'rco Creek, near tho mouth of tho Snowy Rivor, for many hundreds of miles northwards not a single speci men of this palm is seen. Tho row! winds in and out of tho counties of Dargo and Tambo, of which tho river is tho dividing line. Elany creeks nro crossed, but theso aro bridged over. At Shady Creek ono is aroused to tho dangers of tlio ronil when Alick shows you tlio spot where n waggon with threo tons of goods was precipitated over tho cliff into tho gorgo below, but tbo king bolt breaking, tlio horses escaped. At Patrick's Creek there is tbo "Devil's Elbow," about tho thousandth I havo travelled round in Australia. This ono is noted for accidents. Hero Dr. anil EIrs. Sampson and many othor citizens havo boon capsized. Tho wattle scrub, which has grown up from the river bed to tho edgo of tho road, now affords somo sort of pro tection when off tlio traok. People, however, who nro afraid of the drivo over tho Alps at Blount Hotham, where you can throw your cigar ond from a buggy and it will fall hundreds of foot below, ebnoM remombor that a drnn of 50 feet would bo quito sufficient to smash up a falling vehicle and its occupants. As Morontio says, a wound need not bo as deep as a well and ns wido as a barn door to bo sufficient to tako away life. To bo banged, drawn and quartered sounds very awful, but moro hanging is just as bad as far as tho victim is concerned. These and many other talcs of liair breadth escapes on tho Omoo-road mako ono think that it is still as dangerous to passengers as in tho old bnshranging dayB, whon Archdeacon S. carried gold down from Omco in his boots. But then I reckon that thero is moro danger of being run over, or meeting with a carriago accident, in tho crowded streets of Blelbourno than hero iu Cippsland, wliero I havo such careful drivers as Dominguez, Alick, nnd Bfessrs. Anderson and Johnson. Two-bridges Creek is dry. Theso streams aro generally nasiung torrents, and their condition shows what a drought there lias bcon iu tho land. Past this we drivo through a forest of gum trees which has beeu partially destroyed by a bush fire. Tbo trunks of the trees appear to bo all dead, but, Plioonix like, lifo is springing from their ashes. Green twigs and leavos aro growing like ferns from the trunks nnd boughs. The contrast of this fresh vcrduro with tho blackened stoms presents a most charming effect of color. Now thoro is a steep hill through which a tunnel will havo to bo mado for tbo Omeo railway. Then wo arrive at Blonkey Creek, in Dargo county. Horo is an ac commodation house known ns "Hamil ton's," where there is another delay of somo minutes. AVo cross the creek anil climb Blonkey Creek Hill, where ono gets a view of tho ranges on tlio cast of the Nichol son River, " Littlo Dick " being tho most prominent point. Horo there is a lovely gorgo filled with foliage. Thoso who can appreciato tho beauties of nature can forget tho world nnd all its cares in gazing on such scenes as tlicso. On a fair prospect soino have looked, And felt, as I liavc heard them say, As if tho moving timo had been A thing as steadfast us the sccuo On ivluch thev nazod tliuinselves iiwnv. Again tho road runs nlong tho banks of tbo Tainbo, but shortly leaves them as we cuter tho neighborhood of Bruthen, which from this direction first bccomos evident in tho form of "God's Acre." There is every accommodation provided for tho dead at Bruthen, but ono is glad to seo tbat thoro aro very few graves. A bark hut covered with roses forms tho prettiest picture of its kind I havo seen out of England. Then wo pass what to ino is always a pleasing sight in the bush — tho State school. But tho last part of this load across the Main Divido from Omeo to Bruthen might altogether bo greatly improved. This is an affair for tho Bruthen shire council, tlio great works now going on on tho lower roail along tho Tambo being in tlio Omoo sliirc. This latter self- governing body commoneed existence a few years hack with a revonuo from rates of only £250 a year ; now it has £11,000. But for nil that, taking iiito consideration tlio nature of tlio country, I think, until a railway is made bore, tho Government might well givo a little extra grant towards road making. If this wore done tho traveller across the Alps could, with com parative ease nnd comfort, mako tlio round journey from tho rnilwny terminus at Elyrtle- ford to rail or steamer at Bairnsdalo, instead of returning on his track, as I adviso him to do at present. At Bruthen avo change coaches. There is a halt of two hours, as wo have to wait for tlio arrival of tho stago from Bairnsdalo. AVliy the wait should ho here, instead of making a later start from Omco, is ono of the puzzles so often set to us by authorities. Certainly we havo no objec tion to tho hour's rest, employed in discussing tho fatted turkey anil other good things provided by EIrs. O'Reilly, and the conversation witli the police magistrate and with EIr. Comyu, who lias driven his buggy and pair through from Omeo since tlio morning, and is only half an hour behind us. But an hour's rest hero is quito sufficient. From Omeo to Bairnsdalo it is calcu lated that the present road distanco is 80 miles. Tho coach faro is £2 a head, baggage extra, and the rato of travelling, including stoppages, a littlo ovor 4- miles an hour. The distance, of course, cannot bo reduced ; tlio faros may bo, and tlio timo of transit certainly should be. Thero nro many needless delays on tlio road, culminating in this latter one at Bruthen. If this wore a summer's evening wo might exahiino the new buildings of tho town ship. I can see a number of improvements since I was liero last, but I can also see that they re quire a ucw post offico, and that the postmistress requires assistance. From Bruthen to Bairnsdalo there is a 10-passengcr coach. AV"o commenced our jouiuoy across tlio Alps with Portuguese Antonio ns our driver, avo finish it with a Gotinan on the box. But both these men aro good Australian colonists, and are rearing up good Australian children, and it is not from thorn that wo need fear any perpetuation of differences ojf creed and raco. With every desiro to keep out the foreigner, I freely admit that amongst tlio early pioneers of this country thero were many good and worthy men of Continental nations, who have brought up their children ns true Australians. A leaven of sucli blood infused into our raco will not physically or morally bo a bad thing. It is rather a strange and a weird drive through tlio bush from Bruthen to Sarsfield. Tho passenger who refused tlio box seat quito repented himself before wo got liulf way, tlio revival hymn sung from inside, " We'll all Wear a Crown," proving too much for him under tho circumstances. EIr. Fosbory was lniled to sleep thereby, nnd would have fallen off tho box anil broken his liock, but" that I kept him alive with stories of sen and land. A halt to tako un tlio nost ban. and afford some of the passengers an opportunity of taking a drink at the Sarsfield Hotel, gavo us a chnnco' of seeing that tlio host noeil not bo afraid of speaking "with his enemies in the gates." It is just about threo years since EIr. O'Reilly drovo mo through this bush, cn route to catch the early boat at Bairnsdalc, tlio train at Sale and tho P. and O. steamer at Williamstown. I have nover yet seen Sarsfield or tiie valley of tho Nicholson Rivor by daylight. Somo day I hope to do bo, and again see " the daughters of tho house" at tho Sarsfield Hotel. AVo nro all very glad when tho coach drives ovor tho big britlgo across tlio Blitclicll into Bairnsdalo. This altogether is as hard a day's journey of its kind ns you will find in Australia. But thero aro not many places in Australia whero one meets sucli men as tlio genial bank manager who is awaiting our arrival with offers of hospi tality. I am liappy to renew my acquaintance with him, and with the young ladies I knew as children, and to sleep soundly after tho weary day's coaching. Next day I take tho train via Sale to tho capital. I havo a pleasant interview with Dr. Elaodonald mi route, and tell him stories of lii9 littlo relatives I havo mot in tho Now Hebrides. The Gipps land railway lino, ns all travellers know, is a triumph of slowness, and in other matters tho passenger fares worso than elsewhere in Austra lia. At AVnrragul, for instanco, wo get tho worst meal wo havo liail sinco ave loft Blelbournc, two girls nnd a chilli having to wait on a crowded dining room. I wish myself back at tbo Tambo Crossing again. In fair weatlior, long and 'rough though it is, tho coach rido across tlio Elaiu Divide from Omeo to Bairnsdalo is preforablo to that by rail from Gippsland to tho metropolis. 