SALE OF LOST LUGAGE. — A DISGRACE; FUL AFFAIR. , In one of thoso rickotty sheds which serve to make a component part of tho wilderness of ruins known as the Spencer-street station yesi terday morning a motley crowd assembled. The shed, which is known as the " lost luggage office," though why ofiico or department docs not appear very evident, is almost 60ft by 20ft, and .is packed from tho floor to tho roof with the most miscellaneous collection of article imagin able comprising tho luggage and parcels which' have boen left in tlie trains and about tlio rial-, way stations during tlio past six. months, and for which no owners havo appeared. It has been the custom of the Railway Department; to hold a sale of.tliese articles onco every half year, and yesterday Messrs M'Clure, Valantino aud Co. "conducted one of tlieao solos. Tho an nouncement in the advertising columns of tho daily papers iittrracted tho attention of u largo tiumbor of people, who naturally supposed that .at. such a sale there would boa variety of articles to ohoso from, and somo of these would be knocked down at OBsy prices. The advertisement also attracted tho attention pf the class of men knpwn as "dealers." A long time beforo tho salo commenced these piooplo took up a good stand, woll knowing tlie bosincss inside, and as their liumbors were replenished by later arrivals they formed a crowd which held virtually possession of tho field. Tlio out side public could not got ovon -tlio ghost of », show to bid for a solitary article. The shed1 which would have been crowded by the presence of 50 pooplo wns packed up with about 500, who' were anxious to mako a clicap purchase, hut could not got witliin even yelling room of the auctioneer. The ring kept the publio back, and, wlienovcr an individual named his price, ho was over-bawled by a professional buyer, who caught tho nuctiuuocr's oyo and secured tho goods. These men were so woll known to tbo clork that ho did not bothor about making inquiries, but recorded names and ticketed articles iu a fashion which' showed plainly that lie knew woll his business. Loud was tlio indignation of thoBe who wished to buy, nnd far from choico wore tlio expres sions of disapproval of the conduct of tho officers of the department who allowed such a proceed-, ing to disgraco tlio precincts of -the Railway en closure. A natural spirit of rivalry exists amongst us all, and tho dosiro to striko a bar gain is planted firmly in every bosom. Conse quently, when intending buyors saw good articlos sacrificed to tho " talont " which thoy desired themselves, tliey openly expressed thou. opinion. Thoir chagrin was a source of groat pleasure to the ring, tlio members of wlucli yeljod with delight at having command of the sale, and did not even allow the presence ot ludios'to npt as a dotorrent to tho expression ol obscenity. Ridiculously low prices wore offered for goods .-rv--,; ; / -,. J — tijjir .. . - nnd whnlesalo sliiughtering was tlio order of the' day.. Tliq .dealers liad a raro old .time of -it.' Ono parcel of ovorconta, about half-a-dozen' ' fetched 5s,. /and a portmnntonu was knocked down , for,; lialf-a-spvoreign, contents and nil. Poriinpk .theV coi|toiit8 wore worthless j; perhaps tjioy were, of great valuo. All tho most poculinr tilings in tiie woi'ld wero there ; evory'descrip- Won of dress puiturials, not excepting ludios' clothing and articles of domestic utility familiar to oybry. married man ; f-irming iiiiplements, fishing and shooting requisites, packets of mer chandise/ rugt, umbrellas by tlio score, and ov'ou oulinary artic|qs foiiqed n coitiplemoiitef utility, which passed into (he ha|ids pf a few and was knocked down for a soilg as 0110 might say. — 'Evoning E'andard.' 