"DRIFT." Washed ashore I There tvas a crowd on the beuch that morning. A sullen aun Btruggled through the grey clouds, and looked down upon the scene-a frail spar 4pr two floated out to sea-a dis mantled hulk tossed in the distance on the still heaving billows, the remains of a wreck. On the beach the wan sunlight fell up on a ghastly spectacle. From the sand and seaweed where they lay, dead faces looked up, cold and white-eyeB whose light of life had gone out last night when the fierce tongues of flame had lit up the strife and torment of sea and air-eyeB whose last of earth had been that dissolv ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling wateis. "Here, Steve, lend a hand." " Och, it's dead she is entirely. Look at this boy, an' there's breath-life in him. Where's the whisky? Sure an' it'll call back the life, if it's within hearin'." " Here's Charlie. Make way for Dr. Charlie," some of the men called out u ith that fondnesB in the tone which de, noted a general favorite. A young man with a grave and eager face drew near.. The east wind raised brown curly locks from off a brow white and smooth as a child's. The eyes, brown and fearless, Boemed to look far into the ileptliB of being, to scan motives, to read the strange hieroglyphics of the human heart. None of those rough men would have lied to Dr. Charlie ; but they would . never have owned that it was because they feared him, but rather because they loved him. He stopped by tlve body of a young woman. "Och, an'she'll niver draw breath again," said one,. But Dr. Charlie was not so sure. He set the men at work in every direction; he ordered restoratives, he prescribed variouB remedies, he put the men to various tasks in the way of rubbing with spirits. But this woman, the only woman saved-for he had detected a faint sign of life-what should be done with her ? "She must be taken to the nearest house, that is all; and they must take her in," deoided Dr. Charlie. The nearest house was a neat little white box, with a bit of a garden in front, and tiny walks, bordered with white washed oyster shells. All was prim and precise as the mistress, who stood shad ing her eyes with a thin hand as the men bore the ghaBtly bnrden to the gate. Dr. Charlie opened it without pause. "I counted on your humanity, Miss Hepsy," he said. " If this poor girl's life's to be saved, there's no time to be lost." Miss Hepsy looked at the white, fixed face, the closcd eyes, with the dim purple shadows beneath, the marble handB folded on the breaBt, as if death had fixed them there in the act of an eternal prayer. " Poor cre'tur ' I" she said ; " she's Been heaps of trouble, I'll be bound, but she looks as if it was all over now. Come in, come in. I suppose as it's a a matter of life and death, I can't ask vou to wipe your feet on the mat. Lor' bless me I sich a puatle of dirty boots novcr walked into my houne in my life. Or£ul dirty, men folks are, to be aure 1 " t : -if yay ButMisB Hepsy, though sho longod intensely to wash out the mud tracks at once, controlled her desires, and made herself useful. With a sigh of relief, Bhe saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Charlie and herself with the still in sensible girl. They chafed her hands and forced brandy between her lips. " Why, bless us, she's married I " cried Miss HepBy, holding up the left hand, where the thin thread of a gold ring glittered. " The poor young thing 1 One heart will be sore after her." " Oh, we'll save her," said Dr. Earn shawe. " There is more flexibility now, and a feeble pulse." Even as he spoke, he had a strange sensation about this girl-as if ho were somehow controlling her fate, and bring ing hor back to a world of. sorrow. If those white lips could speak, might they aot say, "Let me go-let me glido out of all the ills of life into the groat peace of death 1" Perhaps the untravclled : glooms and avenues of death" might bo Bweeter to this weary soul tlmn any path of life, and yet he was forcing her back into earth's thorny ways. It seemed but a vague speculation. Yot this woman appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had come through great tribulation. A warmor tinge began to hover' over the white face. He saw a faint tremble in the golden curve of the eyelids-a pale rose tint touched the lips. Miss Hepsey had wound up the damp yellow hair into a great coil that seemed like a glittoring crown. What a rare aud lovely face it was, with the beauty of a lilly in the sun I " I declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints," said Miss Hepsy, admiringly. " She's too. pooty to be thrown about on beaches like an old chip." Miss Hepsy talked as if the storm and waves should have had respect for looks in their wild frolics, an idoa which made Dr. Earnshawe smile. " We'll have her all right in no time, he said, "and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good nursing, Miss Hepsy," and he Bowed. "I do hato mortally to be messing over sick vittleB, to be sure," said Miss Hepsy; "but-" ~ "A work of mercy," suggested Dr. Charlie; "and for the expense I'll be responsible." So the maiden lady's mind was set at rest, and she went down stairs at once to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid. Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, watch ing the strange, mysterious process of returning animation. Where had the life gone that was now by slow and Bubtle chances coming back to this beautiful casket I Where had it found an abiding place-to what far realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken ex clamation disturbed his thoughts. With spasmodic strength the girl raised her head and readied out her hands. The blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated with terror, fixed themselves on Dr. Charlie's face. ~ " Where-where is it ? " she cried. Dr. Earnshawe touched her brow with a carressing touoh we give to a child wo love. " My poor girl," ho asked, "what is it? " She looked at him with a Strang® i'er_ ror and a shudder oonvalgg^'her frame. Some half utterejl ^?0rd died on the lips ...tfhich'fadSconce more to their ashen hue. The faint rose tint flitted away from cheek and lip again, and sho fell back on the bed in a dead swoon. " Ah, all my work to do over agiin," said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he plied her patiently with more restoratives, " I think I was right about the poor girl. Life has not been all sunshine and roses to hor. No wonder sho is not in.a hurry to come back to it." But she did come back to it in time. Bhe took up the burden, whatever it waB, at last. Not in the old way, but quietly, and with a*deep sigh, she opened her eyes. She did not say a word. .'.Now i will leave her to you, Miss Hepsey," Dr. Earnshawe said. " With feeding up she'll get on. Don't let her talk much yot awhile." "Lor" bloss ye, doctor!" said Miss Hepsy, bustling about with her bowl' of gruel, "why should I want her to talk ? I hain't the least curiosity in the world. It would be all one to meet me if she was deaf and dumb, fur . as prying and finding out was concerned; not aa I'd wish her afflicted, poor thing 1 Now, some folks would." " I know; it's all right," said the doctor. " I'll call in the morning, I must see to the others." The girl's eyes followed him wistfully aa he passed out of the reom. Some un spoken question seemed to hover on hor lips. "Speak out, if you feel it would ease your mind,' M ss Hepsy said, aching to know all about her strange guest. "Thank you. I will Bleep, if you please," and the wistful eyes closed wearily. But Miss Hepsy saw a slight shuddyr, and heard the word " others " repeated. "I reckon' shea in a bad way .about somebody that was on that 'ore boat," Mi s Hepsy decided ; " but if sho won't, speak out free, I can't help hor, should think she'd liigli about bu'st up with the thinking that she keeps up, 'ihout open ing them lips." For the pationt litterally obeyed the doctor's orders, and kept-very, quiet all day, swallowing all that was offored with alow "Thank you," and thon turning wearily to tlio wall, as if she never carud to look at anything in the world again. But life, colour ana strength came back as surely as if she had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in such stony indifference. "Oh, yes ; Bhe's well enough," Miss Hepsey replied to the doctor's inquiry at the door in the morning ; "and I reckon you won't find her the wusa for talking. Why, Bhe hain't propounded a single, question to me, but takes it all as nateral -bein* here-bb if I'd raised her. Now, that ain.t in natur'-not as I take it." " Well, she is very weak," Dr. Charlie commenced. "Oh,fiddlesticks," Miss Hepsy said, with an indignant sniff; "if I should wake up in heaven some morning, do you think I'd make no remarks but make out I'd been au angel all my life ? It's my opinion-" "Don't form a hasty opinion, my dear madam. We'll know in time," inter rupted Dr. Earnshawe ; " and, of course, bb she's an inmate of your house, 1 shall feel bound to toll you what I find out." This was lard in a low and confidential tone, that molified the lady considerably. The smile that illuminated her thin fnoe was like a ray of bleak wintry sunshine, and she went up before the doctor with i some alacrity, "My dear," she Bftld, throwing open I the door, "I don't know whether you'll rooognise him ag'in, but here ai the.gentle man who saved your life, by the blessing The young girl raised a pair of Bad eyeB to Dr. Charlie's face, and seeming to hnd it pleasant to look at him, did not turn away. A faint color came to her clioek as ho took lier hand. " , " What 1 sitting up already, he sau cheerily. " This speedy recovery is a great compliment to my skill. She appeared weak emugh, thougl, bolstered up in an old crimson abutted chair, her delicate face looking like, a ckar-cut white cameo against it. miss Hepsy had done her best with the blue merino dross, but it looked old and worn, with carefully darned places here ana "I must get well," she said, x "I have no t ime to be Bick." '.No timo I Ah, we all take time for th» i wish to God I had died!" exclaimed the girl with a violence that made Dr. Earnshawe start and drop her hand. Ho was glad that MisB Hepsy had cone out of the room. , But by a great effort- the girl calmed herself. She looked like a girl.m spite of the glittering thread of gold on her finger which proclaimed her a married woman. ? ' ' , , " "Excuse mo, doctor; you haye been kind to me-you meant it for kindness ; but never mind, tell >me about ^ the otu°You had better not talk of those terrible scenes yet," Dr. Charlie said calmly; "the mere memory of such a shock is enough to unsettle y°u* - " You must tell me ; I shall not get well if you don't," she said nervously, aud Dr. Charlie thought Bhe was anxious about her husband. " Was any one dear to you on board, i lie inquired. A strange look flitted across the beauti ful face. " My husband was there. All, hero was a task for the now doctor. How could he break the terrible news to this poor young wife ? He know that not one of the four men saved could be her husband ; he had seen them all that morning, aud knew all about them. " What was his name ? " " Never mind ; don't ask me yet; but toll me how soon I shall be able to move. I have no money. "1 can never pay this good woman for her care. I cannot af ford to rest. How Boon can I go 1" Dr. Charlie felt suoh an infinite pity overcome him as he looked at the frail creature lying in the chair that ho could hardly spenk. " . .. . "You must not talk of moving, he said ; " it would be . death, When you are able-I-you saw, I suppose-" hesi tatingly. " Oh, yes ; but I must get away from here," the girl said, in a nervous way, clasping her thin white hands together with a sort of repression of inward pain which the gentleman felt with a thrill of sympathy. '' Promise me to be content for one week, and we will see,"-said Dr. Charlie, and he hoped much for that week. At the end of it, Dr. Charlie came in with his usual cherry laugh. " Well, Miss Hepsy," he cried out, " all the patients from the wreck are off my lmnds but this one. I saw the last, \- -7 . . .' > V.VvtriVH.'-'>trUHilOn ifiow oil witu uia uiucner just now. V*»i" fiow she hung around his neck and thanked mo !'' "Did they all go off with friends?" said a low voice from the window. The doctor thought it mubt be as a death knell to her hopes when lie said, "Yes." Miss Hepsy bustled down to get tea, and the doctor sat silently waiting to think of some word of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. " I know what you are thinking about," she said ; but you are mistaken. I am glad-glad 1 " . Theu the doctor was too much sur prised to speak. "Perhaps you have never hoard in this favoured country of husbands who are brutes," she went on rapidly; " men cowards, who vent every malignant feel ing, every disappointment on the poor woman whom the law has given them. Talk of slavery as the English do-there are no worse slaves than most of the wives of their working men. I know I have endured it for two years. Ah, it ia over -I am free 1 " " But," said Dr, Charlie, still hesitat ing, " excuse ma-you do not speak like the wife of a working man-your language-" "Iwilitell you all. You have been kind to me," said the poor creature, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes glittering with excitement. " I shall fuel better to talk to some one. 1 have had some edu cation, but I've always been miserably I poor. The first I can recollect is living ] in one of those tenement houses in Lo'ii don-in a stulTy, close room, where we cooked and Blept. ' My mother sewed half the uight, but she ..Laught ~ me. She had seju bettor days, but hud run away to marry a dissipated and improvident man. She was a widow, and her friends had cast her off. I remember one dread ful November day when a kind of sleety rain wu3 falling. We had no fire, and the sharp wind crept through every crack and pinched us with cold. I think my niotnor inu3t have boon in a despairing mood for days, but it had made no great imprussiou on my childish mind. 1 stood at the window, drearily looking out at the puddles of slush and wator, and the drip pings from tho worm-eaten gutters that made dirty dimples in them now and then. Oh, how it all comos back to me to-day ! My mother camo toward me. "'Here, Nell,' she said, ' put this sliawl about you, for, you look nigh clemmed with cold.' " ' And what will you do, mother ?" I asked, for she was taking the shawl from about her own shonldeis. " ' Oh, I'm warm unouglii' she an swered. ' I feel as if I had fire in my veitia;'b .aide, I'm going to drink this, and I'll never foul.cold a^ain.' "She was dropping some dark stuff out of a vial when she said this, and I cried out, " ' Give mo some too, mother, of the wonderful stuff.' "But bIio sinilod-oh, such a bitter smile 1 I felt, child as I was, that some thing was wrong, aud I watched her, half afraid, as site sat silent for .a time with her head on her hand. Then I heard her say, '"Poor little Nell-paor littlo Nell!' "She often said such pitying words, but something in the tone then aoi-mod to stir my heart. I ran over to her, and loaned on her knee. She looked white and sick. " . You've got an aunt, child, she mut tered. "' Well, I don't care,' I answered. ' I don't want her.' " 4 But you will wunt her, doar, and ! think-she'll forgive you then- yhen Tm gone-people can't be-angry witl.the dend-I believe-and slu>fl very comfort able-you'll be better off. " Then I noticed the change in my mother's face-the strange, convulsed new face that seemed to have taken the place of the dear familiar one, and my screams of grief and terror brought in a crowd. But I muke my story too long. She was dead! dead by her own hand! The dark drops wore laudanum. Don t j think she was a sinner," cried the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor; dont judge hen ^ aS8Ure you. God for bid," said Dr. Charlie. ."Do not go on " I will make the rest short," she said. " I wont to my aunt's-a grim, iron- grey old maid. She had been once on the eve of being married, and had even her wed ding dress made, when the gentleman found his courage fail, and left for parts unknown. Her fierceness against the other sex amounted to_insanity. " ' No followers, girl,' she said Bternly, when I first went to her. "" "X was only twelve and did not under stand what she meant, but as _ I grew older she made the matter plain in ina"y a tirade and lecture. I had a miserable life of it, but even so I should not have loft it for-" here the voice stopped for a moment. " Oh, let me get over it,' sho went on impatiently. "I had to work hard enough, but I had enough to eat, and I ought to have been happy," with some scorn, in the tones. "One day 1 hap pened to be caught in the rain. A young man who-well, who had expressed some admiration for me, overtook me, and hold au umbrella over me to my aunt's door. I had never specially cared for JemBates a bettle-browed, black-haired fellow, with awful gloomy eyes ; but he seemed good natured, nnd I could not refuse the shelter of his umbrella*'in a pelting storm. _ " Oh, how long I'm making this 1 My aunt met me with a scathing look. , " Turn about-tramp 1' she- screamed. "Is this the end of all I've done for you 1" and she went on in the most fear ful way, raving like a delirious per son. . , "So she turned me out-out into the fearful storm, and I had not a friend." The doctor exclaimed, "Poor child I and he never once looked at his watch or thought of his other patients. " But the young man, Jem Bates, was not far off. He soon came back. He had offered himself to me once before, and he did so again at onoe, with the rain dripping down on him, and making little rivulets in his black hair. I was reckless. I said ' Yes'' then, though I had said no beforq, and he took mo to his mother's. As soon as it could be arranged we were married. Then began for me a hell upon earth. Passionate, stupid, obstinate, cruel-I need not go on, " Wo set Bail for this country, where we hoped to get work. The storm came. I welcomed it as an angel from God sent to bring me deliverance. Don't shudder or hate me when I tell you that. I sprang first into the seething waters. I wanted no life-preserver; 1 rushed into their friendly, cool arms. You-you brought me back. How could you atone for that if you had not brought me the good tid '?li . .?>.>*» fjrrnnf in wne f" '.rT *vav I -0, ' * * V"-,.otyav 1 Cn-C Poor Nell leanett ih&iiw;$arily in ner chair, tired, buc with something of the old pain gone from her pale face. Her pathetic eyes seemed still asking for all she had missed in life-true hap piueBS, true love-but her lips were silent. The next moment it was all with in her grasp. Dr. Charlie felt a great tide of love and pity pour into hiB heart. All his prudence was swamped by that flood. The beautiful face before him shone like one of Raphael's Madonnas ; rosy white it gleamed against the crimson chair. " Let me save you from the storms of life from this time." he said, leaning down and putting his hand softly on the golden hair. Nell looked at him with wide blue eyes. It was an odd time for a proposal -just after announcing the death of one husband. But Dr. Charlie had never thonght of her as a married woman ; she was to him a fair young girl, a waif cast up, by the sea for him-his own-his ocean trea sure-he had Baved her. Nell look at his frank, earnest face, and shivered a, little beneath the fervent glance. ~ "Oh, doctor," ehe said, "find some fresher heart ; mine haa gone through so much. 1 think I can never feel again." . - But Dr. Charlie thought no otherheart would do as well. And when Miss Hepsy came up to the door:-not to listen, of course, she scorned the action, but to see if anything were needed-she heard, quite accidentally, these words: "Oh, no; not more than six months 1" Then the patient's' voice softly said: ' " S'x months at least, doctor."s "Well, that's inignty queer," Miss Hop3y reflected. "I wonder if he's talking about his will 1 But that ain't a bit like Dr. Charlie, to be insisting on his money." ' \- So Nellie Bates stayed in - the little seacoast town, and found work to do. Indeed, Dr. Charlie had handkerchiefs innumerable to hem, enough to have supplied a whole tribe of baby kickapoos, if savages had ever been prejudiced by education in favor of such articles. Miss Hepsy grew more friendly, for Ni-lliu was a charming little person,and in the sunshine of liappini'ss grow so bright that she seamed like a sunbeam her self." Still, there were many curious com ments on the dny of the wedding, espec; ally by disappointed young Indies who had sot their caps for Dr. Charlie. " The artful baggage," said one; "do you know, they Bay she ia a widow." " With old Weller, I say, ' Beware of widows,' " her companion replied. " Sakes alive ! how does he know that her husband is really d<>ad V" Miss Hepsy whispered, in confidence, to a friend; " 'twould be mighty inconvenient to have him coming back after a while, 'cos ,it ain't; likely h'd have as good manners as that Enooli Ardon feller, who jest went oil'and died sensibly in the nick of time without saying nothing to nobody." But Dr. Earnshawo had not taken the serious step of marriage without making many enquiries and settling the matter to his own satisfaction. lie felt a happiness that makoB the heart afraid ; still, ho trembled at some unseen shadow ; ho felt an unreality about it all, as if he were the victim of a strange dream. Yet those at hia fireside and table sat the beautiful woman he called his wife, j growing dearer to him day by day. I At last, whon baby' lips crowed a wol- I come to him on his return from wenry I rides, and dimpled baby hands were i stretched out to meet him, he felt almost as if earth had no nioro bliss to give. To Nellie Earnshawe this new life was as if tho gates of Paradise had opened for her-as if she had died in the stormy waves of ocean on that tempestuous night and awakened in heaven. She sung about the house like a bird; she bloomod into now beauty Jiko a trans planted flower. I One night-a night of storm and dark ness-she was listening for her husband's I Btep ; baby Olwrlie was asleep in his J crib ; the lamplight kindled up faint gold I gleams on the little rings of flossy hair I that lay on his white forehead. I How cosy and comfortable all looked ! I the bright fire, the warm curtains, the pictures on the wall, while the rain beat I against the window and the wind wailed I outside. Jane sat thinking of the hard and cruel I past, and how God had lifted her out of j it,into a pleasant homi, and given her a goodly heritage. Oh, the bitter, pinch-,I ing, cruel time! What a dream it seemed I toiler now! She went down to seo that the supper- I table looked bright-Dr. Charlie must I have a cup of hot coffee after his ride. I The girl stood at the door, where a I coarso looking man was inquiring for the I doctor, ' I " He is o.ufc," said the girl. I . Mrs. Earnshawe's face had grown sud- j denly like the face of a corpse. I The man stepped boldly forward. I " The mistress will do as well. I will I speak to her." The girl was going to expostulate, but Mrs. Earnshawe came forward. I "1 will see the man, Mary," she said I in a low voice. " He can leave the mes sage with me." I The nmn shot a fiery glance at hor from beneath hiB black brows, but I walked quietly enough into the doctor's I office. Once in and the door shut, he turned fiercely upou her with an oath : I " Faith, you carry it off bravely, my girl, and you open to the charge of bigamy. " I-I belioved you dead, Jem-as God is in Heaven, I did 1" cried Jane. " And deuced glad you were to believe I it, and short mourning you . made," the man said, coming up to her with a threatening gesture, which brought J back-oh, BO vividly-all the dread ful past. " I thought you were at the bottom, too, or I'd hunted you up I long ago; but I was faithful to your memory," with a sneer. The man had been drinking; his I horrible hot breath soetned to sicken her. I Poor Jane 1 all tho refinements of the present only made the pastgseem more in tolerable. She loathed him with dread I unutterable. . " Oh, here's an affectionate welcome I after two year's absence. Oome, pack I up ! I want you now. I've lot that blasted I doctor have you long enough. You can't I keep house for him any more. Pack up I everything, ana all the spare money you I can find. You ought to have wages, you I know." I Was the solid earth slipping away beneafci. her feet ? Was a thick curtain of I 'J^-'kncsa let down over the world 1 Poor steady herself, for all seemed reeling around her. She felt as if death itself had grasped her heart with an icy hand, and she hoped it might be so. Oh, if life could indeed go out now before she must go back to that horrible existence and leave all she loved behind I But doath did not come. She felt life throbbing again tremulously in her veins; she felt a ringing in her ears, as if all the bells of the churches far away were tolliu" for her dead hopes. She faltered " What do you ask, Jem ? You do not .want me I atn a burden-you have often said it--let me bo in peace.'' * w is virtue 1 This is ray sainted ?Nell I A.nd you d live that way, would . you, you baggage ?" andhe swore a terrible oath. Oomc, my principles won'tallow r jaUlt so low yet- You thought I waB dead ? You wanted to think so, I dare say; but if you believed it, the affair isu t so bad as it might be; but if you bought me off now and stayed, do you n^v what you would be, my girl?" A ell shuddered. She felt the truth. but right and wrong were strangely con f used in her mind. To go back to squalor, misery and blows with this brute, could not seem right ; to stay where all her best hopes, her love, her life were treasured, could not soem wrong. She had a vision of her love, her darling, with his fond eyes looking down at her, and his white forehead and brown curls, that 6he knew by hodrt. Oh, if she could only sprigg to those arms and die there 1 And her baby-her Prince 0 liar lie-she could not speak of him. She trembled lest his baby cry Bhould reach the ear of her companion, and awaken a torrent of coarse invective and-blasphemy. She could not leave him-she would not. She would fly to the ends of the earth, and hide in its most forsaken spats first- she would work for him till she dropped dead first. This was the first gleam of hope-that entered the poor woman's mind. She could not stay where she wus. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man could claim her, body and soul-'twas EO nominated in the bund-but she would elude him, and find .at least pence, if not happiness, in some obscuro corner in the world. The rain boat down sullenly now, and a wild wind shook the tree tops. Mrs. Earnsliawe trembled at the sounds. If the doctor came now-oh, how would the parting be 1 " Where are you staying, Jem 1" she asked. " At the CJottage Hotel; rather low, eh? Well, I like it low. I'm low my aolf." "I'll moot you thore-" "No, you don't. I'll keep an eye on you, my lady." 'Can't you trust me, Jem?" Nellie said, quaking with fear. " You know I can't stay hbre, If I don't meet you at ten, come hero in the morning. I give you leave. Come and claim me then. I only want to do thing3 quietly. I oxpoct Dr. Eiirnshawe every minute, and then what an awful scene. 1 cannot bear it. You must go now. I must have a littlo time to myself," " To pack up, oh ? Oh, very well-I'm agreeable. Pack up a good deal ; I'll allow every convenience for that opera tion. I think I've got you sure enough, for tho law's on my sido," and the burly fellow staggered to hia feet with a parting ..ath by way of bonediction. 1 Jaue did not stop long. She rushed up stairs, and bogan putting hor things to 1 gother with frantic haste. Prince Charlie woke up and began to watch Ilia mother with laughing blue eyes,as if all her move ments were part of a play enacted for his benefit. Should she write a line to explain ? No, thoro was no time for that. She could send a few lines from the next_ stopping place. Oh, how desolate her darling would be when he came to his lonely home that night-wife and child both gone ! She took up an old photograph,, and kissed it again and again. In all her frantic hurry sho took timo for that. She looked around the pretty room full of beautiful tokens of his love with frenzied eyes-so pure and fresh it was-a lily of a room. She thought of the bare, cold' places that must soon bo her homo-tho toiling, empty lifo that awaited her ; and she felt forced to cry out, as one of old : " My God, my God, why hast Thou for saken me ?" "" Sho did not take many things, only useful and plain clothing. She could not bear to take the pretty ornaments her darling had given her from timo to time. She oould remember so well the happy scenes which eaoh recalled. Had it all been a dream, or was this last a frightful nightmare, "from iwhioh she should awake soon in an ecstaey of joy and peace ? Baby Charlie's hat and coat now I Oh, how the storm pelted against the window ! How would sho shield tho darling in the pitilesB blast? But a dark and stormy night was all the better for thier flight. Pew would be abroad then to give tidings of them to any inquijty. Hark 1 Thebloodstoodstillin her veins. It was-it was the key in the door-a sound that always set her heart beating. It bounded now not with the old joy, but with a Budden and awful terror; hut she went down. Dr. Charlie and otliors-a group of men. What had happened 1 Ho did not see her, but was giving orders.": "Poor follow, its all over with him. I reckon that pair . of horses tramped the lifo out of him at once : but bring him in, and I'll do what I can.'' Then glancing up, he saw the pale face, as white as a ghost's, looking down. "Oh, Nellie, keep away.'' he called out; " a man has been run over, and I was forced to bring him here." But the full light of the hall lamp fell on the man's bloated faco as they carried him in. The black brows, the closed eyes, the purple lips, Nellie knew well,(and she know that her deliverane had come. For tho lioutor said softly and reverently " He is dead." His wife stole up to baby Charlie's bed side, and fainted away, with a prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 