\ FURTHER BANK FRAUDS, A* peculiar system of bank frauds in con nection with two city branches of the London Chartered Bank of Australia has been discovered, and has led to the sum mary dismissal of two bank managers, one of whom was in charge of the Bourke street branch and the 'other of the branch in Swanston-Btreet,: both being important branches. It appears that the managers interviewed' customers with the request for a loan, making promise that compliance with thiB \would mean that customers could overdraw for any amount, and that interest would not be charged until the amount of the loan was received. The bank managers concerned then gave cheques, payable in a few days time, but not being met; an 'arrangement ..to permit of an overdraft, was agreed to. Immediately the bank authorities heard of these proceedings, both men were dis missed,, and! an investigation proved that the overdrafts were properly secured, and that, notwithstanding the promise of the managers' interest would have to be paid in due course. Upon' the dismissal of the managers,' about 20 . people who had been; : victimised .held a meeting, when it was' found', -that ? the .'?total; amount obtained in' this way was about £1200 ' by each manager. There is a probability of the creditors, who have seized both the managers' furniture, instituting criminal prosecutions. Later. In connection with the London Chartered Bank scandals, the managers implicated are Messrs. W. K. A. Passmore, of the Swanston-Btreet branch, and T. A. Kidd, of the Bourke-street branch. Both ap peared to' act in concert, on several occa sions endor&ing; cheques and bills for each other. ' MELBOURNE, Feb. 20. A caucuB of liberal supporters of the Government was held to-day, the Chief Secretary presiding. Only 30 members were invited) but 21 attended. Mr. Deakin made a short explanatory statement of the present position of affairs, and urged' the usual formation of a party for the coming elections. A resolution was passed, retain ing Mr. Deakin as leader, and upon . the question of coalition being discussed it was dacided that no steps be taken until the .Government , programme was an nounced. A committee was then 'appointed to draw up a party programme, and the caucus adjourned until Tuesday, morning next. ' The trial of T. F. Butler, charged with defalcations in the Registrar- General's office, was continued to-day. A number of persons connected with insurance offices were examined, and the examination - was being continued when the Court rose, bail being renewed. . An action arising out of the Maribyrnong Eatate was mentioned in Chambers to-day. Chas. D. Streaker, caterer; Edmund Comber,! agent; and 13. others' formed themselves into a syndicate .to purchase 249 acres,' being half the interest owned by ?Mr.yr. Bent, M.L.A., the .other half being owned by Messrs. F. E. Selman and Gustav Lachal. The plaintiffs paid cash ' deposit .£300 each, and gave promissory notes to the extent of £3982, and Comber, holding four shares, gave notes for £15,928. Plaintiffs claim an injunction, on the ground of .misrepresentation, to prevent Selman dealing with land or notes, and aUo to return deposits- The application was granted; and a? similar one will be made re garding Lachal to- morrow. , , . ' ? ' Five battalions of Cadets paraded at Albert Park to-day, when Lady Loch pre sented them with new colours made by /herself 'and daughters. The Customs Department has sent the Inspector of Explosives and staff to the scene of the wreck of the schooner Neptune off Pearl Point in order to secure cases of dynamite which have been washed ashore or may be floating about. The Marine Board held an enquiry into the wreck of , the Neptune, and found that the loss was caused by the negligent navi gation of Captain Rice and W. Hodgson, the mate. The former's certificate was suspended for two years and the latter's for one year. :, v The new Roman Catholic College, Ballarat, called the Holy Ghost College, was opened with ceremony yesterday by Archbishop Carr, in the presence : of the Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of the clergy and laity. . .; Messrs. J. Campbell and Service have derided to oppose Mr. Thos. Bent, leader of the Opposition, for Brighton.. . : The Government have -had under con sideration the desirableness of continuing and increasing the mail service between America ? and Australia. Correspondence will ? be entered upon with the view to ascertaining the intentions of the Govern ments- of New South Wales and- New Zealand, who have hitherto been Australian' parties to the agreement with the Oceanic Steamship. Company., ' , ..'' . ? ? .The Governor, Minister of Defence, Commandant, and other . 'military- officers wili.inspeot the defences on Friday and Saturday.^'' ,-; ? ;. ,' '...', -;.'?'?? ?.?.'..-'?--.??.'?- '?.-'? ;? '?'- ?.-'?? 