CHAFEB IV. A TEHtllBLE BIDE. It was no easy matter to mount Lighttoot, who fidgeted, and kicked, nnd tried to bite her would-be rider; but Edith srot safely settled in the saddle at last, atid the mare was all impatient to be off. "(!od speed you'" cried Bessie. "God bless you ! Don't forget to tarn to the right wben you reach the slieoab," Edith nodded ; she could do no more; for the mnre, unaccustomed to a habit and a woman's light hand, was almost beyond her control, and tore down the paddock in the direction of the Blip-panels like a thing de-1 mented. It was lucky for Kdith and her mission that Jimmy had done as he was bid, and let down the slip- rails, for nov power or bers could have checked the mare's mad career. She could only turn her in the right direction. Through the panels, across the dry bed of the creek away to the east they flew, and ICdie bent forward in her saddle to avoid the branches as they tore through the forest. As it was she could not evade all. First, her hat was lost, and then her long dark hair fell down ubout ber shoulders. Still the mnre went on, past the tall gum trees, crushing the Ecanty crass dried and parched by the hot Bun, the Bound of her galloping making, it seemed to Edith's excited imagination, touch clatter as she felt must be heard for miles round, even in the. blackfellows' camp, six miles to the sooth. Still she went on, on, and looked neither to the right nor to the left nor behind her. The red moon had just risen above the horizon-like the forest on fire it looked -and she kept it right between the horse's ears, And made it her guiding star, as, indeed, it WSB, for once in the dim bash she felt instinctively her know ledge of the way had departed, and, should tbe moon fail her, she knew quite well she would be utterly lost, and might wander round for days and days. As for teaching Dedaranga that night, it would be as utterly out of the question as Palmerston itself. * ?k°ut four miles at racing speed Liigbtfoot calmed down, and went fit a more moderate pace, and Edith stopped ber for a moment to take breath, 'lired she was /r)>ht«ned, too. In ber own little room at home she bad alwqya been frightened and netvotw in the dark,.and' here, alone in the bosh, it was a thousand! limes worse, it was a still hot night, and I not a breath of wind stirred among the trees; j the long gum leaves hung straight down ; motionless, all around was black darkness, i in front was the blood-red moon, and only just the tops of tall treeswere touched by the silver ligfrt. At tint she would have Baid the silence was intense, almost painful, but then, as she listened,the mysterious noises of the bush, the thousand and one unexplain able voices of the night, grew on tier, till she prayed for silence again as more bearable. She urged Lightfoot on, spoke to her, and her own voice sounded strange to her ears. Still she went on, turning aBide here for a log fallen across her path, there for a tree grow ing directly in the way. Once quite suddenly she found herself in the midst of a herd of sleeping cattle. They rose up all around ber ; one or two began to bellow, and then the herd fled through the forest, crashing through undergrowth, scrub, and fern, stopping for nothing in tbeir terror. Still east rode Edith, ever eastward, keeping the rising moon in front, and at last, wnen the Bound of running water burst on her ears, it seemed she had been riding through the night for ever. " The creek!" she thought, "ThankGod, I am on the right track." Bat to her dismay she found its rocky banks were steep and impassable, and look ing at the narrow thread of water trickling at the bottom of the gully, she judged she mint have hit the creek higher up than the cross ing place. The ground was rough and stony, covered with a tangle of jungle and ferns,and Edith Kendal, chafe as she might at. the delay, was perforce obliged to dismount and lead her horse. She dared not leave the water that was ber ^safeguard, and it seemed to her hours betore ehe reached the crossing place. Once th£reahe drew out her watch, and by the light of the moon found to her intense relief it was not yet 10 o'clock, not quite two hours since she had left home. She had done fifteen miles in that time, seven teen if she counted the two she had walked, Only twenty miles more, and another two hours should see her at Dedaranga. She let Lightfoot drink at the deep dark pool while she paused a moment and looked around her for the crossing-place. She easily found it, for the tropical moonlight made it iight almost as day, and very needful was the light to her. The crossing was just a iedge of rock, dry now, and running right across the creek, with only one break just in the middle. It was a nasty little gap, full of round water-worn stones, and in the rainy season the Water ran there like a mill race, but just now it was quite dry, and Edith found she could easily cross herself and lead behind her the mare, tractable at length now she was covered with foam. Once safe across, ehe mounted and turned to the north, keeping the creek on her left hand. " A dead forest," Bessie had called it, and truly it was an eerie place. Gaunt, bare, dead gum trees she saw all round her ; not a leaf, not a shrub, not a green thing, not a living thing for miles. Not a sound broke the stillness save the tramding of her own horse's hoofs. Ghastly and ghost-like looked the dead forest in the brilliant moonlight, and Edith shuddered and touched Lightfoot with the whip to quicken her pace. She had seen it once before in the broad daylight, and it had looked ghastly enough then, with llenniker by her side to tell her the story of the place, orrather the black fellows' tradition about it. They said that many, many moons ogo, in the days of their great-grandfathers, these gum trees had been the tallest and straightest and grandest in the whole district; but they boasted of their greAtness, set themselves up beyond their fellows, and grew proud. Then the Ainiighty God, to punish them, sent a tiny grub, a mere worm, which came in such millions it ate up the whole forest Only the bare skeletons of the trees were left, and there they would stand till the end of time, a warning to others. The solitary rider thought of this quaint old legend as she rode through the forest, and still more she thought of the man who had told it her. She remembered his every word, his every action. Should she eee him to-night? Should she ever see him again, or would she die lost in this desolate, dead land ? She thought of Frank coming back on Wednesday, to find his borne smoking ruins, his wife and children But no, she dared not think of what would happen if she missed her way, or failed to bring help to night, and ehe rede on, on, the longest live miles it seemed she had ever ridden. At last, as she began to fear the forest wns enchanted, and she was doomed to ride on and on through it for ever, the bare trunks grewer fewer and farther between, and right ahead she saw a dark clump which must be the sheo*k Bessie had spoken of. Yes. there was the grave. She drew rein one moment and peered under the drooping brandies to look tor the cross and tmike quite sure. She gave a sigh of intense relief when she saw it, and looked back terrified at the way she had come. A weird and awiul ride-enough to muke a strong man shudder, let alone a timid woman-a ride at midnight through a desolate dead forest, the goal a lost man's grave. To die in the bush alone ! such might easily be her fate, Edith felt liut she had come these twenty miles m safety-only iifteen more, so "Courage, good horse, we'Jl save them yet." She turned sharp round at the sheoak, as Bessie had directed, and once more set her face due east. The moon was pretty high in j the heavens by now, ami the whole country . was Hooded in silver light. Beyond the sheoak there rose abruptly a narrow ridge of hills so steep she was obliged to take the mare at a walking pace. Luckily it was not high, and soon she reached the top of the range, almost sooner than she had expected, and the whole moonlit plain lay at her feet. Eagerly she scanned the horizon, and, away in i (he distance, saw a conical hill standing out 1 sharply against the sky. Right ahead ot ber, not the Jaintest chance ot missing it, and almost she felt her end was sained, and yet and yet-what a long stretch of ground Iny between her and her goul! Should she ever reach it in time? Very carefully and slowly she let the mare pick her way down the hill. It was only about a mile, and though she chafed at the delay, and each minute seemed an hour, it was better, Edith felt, to take this rough country carefully, and make up for lost time on The plains, At the toot of the hills was another creek, or rather the dry sitntly 1 bed of what would be a creek after the rains, but this she found no difficulty in crossing, j Then they were on the plains, twelve long miles to go and not quite an hour to do it in. The mare was pretty well done already. She was only grass ted, and over 20 miles in a I Jilile more tlion two hours and a half was fast time ; but Edith felt Bhe could not think ot the horse, she must reach bedaranga by hatl-pnst eleven, and, therefore, the rest ot the journey must be done at racing speed. She dismounted aud tightened the girths, looked to the bridle, and then leading the mare to a waterhole in the bed of the creek, let her drink and cool her legs. Then she mounted again, and fairly started across the country, no thought of sparing the mare now, bat urging ber with both whip and spur. The ground flew beneath tbem, and yet the hill in the distance seemed no nearer. She looked back. Yes, the hills behind were certainly lessening, but that in front was exactly the same as when she started. She took her eyes away for a moment, and glanced over the surrounding plain. There ^were no trees to break the monotony, nothing save here and there an occasional )frasa-tree, look ing in the moonlight, with its blackened stem, like a huge bulrush as she raced past. Then she turned her eyes to the hill again, and, to her honour, it was not there. A moment's heart-sinking:, a hurried glance round, and then she aaw it again a little to the left. In voluntarily the mare hnd swerved from the right course, and there wa* nothing save that little hill to guide her. She kept her eyes steadily fixed on it after that, brushing away the hair which the soft warm wind that had sprung up Bince she entered the plain country blew over her face. She was not hale so frightened now out in the open. It was a brilliant night She could see all around her; no lurking shadows, no mysterious sounds, her courage rose, ana her only fear was lest Lightfoot, who wad showing signs of distress, should knock up entirely. Still she rode on, keeping her eyes fixed on the still distant hill. All at once Lightfoot stopped short so suddenly that Edith almost shot over her head, and looking down, she saw they were on the high bank of another dry creek. The water had, at some time or another, cat its way through the earth, and the bottom of the creek was at least twelve feet beneath the surrounding plain, the banks were pre cipitous, and she rode nearly three-quarters of a mile along them before she found a place where Bhe could cross. Oh, the time she was losing 1 Should she ever reach Dedaranga? She looked at her watch. A quarter-past eleven. She was still in good time, but it seemed an age since she had left Boorara. It might have stopped, and her heart sank at the bare possibility of such a thing. She put it to her ear and listened. Yes, it was ticking on bravely. It could' not be very wrong if it were wrong at all, and if only the mare held oat she ought to reach Dedaranga long before twelve. It she held out, but would she? The last half-hour the pace had been killing, and she stumbled over the short, crisp, dry grass till Edith thought each step must be her lost Still she urged her on. The hill seemed nearer, much nearer, and grow ing closer every moment-a conical bald hill rising steeply out of the plain without, as far as Edith could see, a single tree on it. At the foot was a dark clump that must be trees, and the house, Bhe knew, was just under them, but as yet it was at least two miles away. Would she ever reach it? Weary, oh, so weary, both horse and rider, and yet they gallop on. Another six minutes and another mile is passed. The bill looms up quite close, and behind her the ridge Bhe crossed an hour ago is bnt a dark line on the horizon. Now she can see the slip-rail8 leading into the home paddock, and must needB dismount to let them down. They are rough and heavy, and she iB un accustomed to such work, but she gets them down at last, and she turns to mount again, but the mare is quite done. £ iith sees that at a glance, as she star.us there all covered with foam, her nose almost touching the ground, and very pitifully her rider notes the marks of the cruel whip on her iknk. She looks at her watch again-a quarter to twelve. The moon is high in the heavens now, and there is the house, a mere bark but, with a slight verandah round it, a hundred yards further on. She can run up there now quicker than Bhe can ride through the trees. Pity for her, dumb companion, the brave horse who has served her so well stays her footsteps one moment, and she takes off saddle and bridle, and leaves Lightfoot to wander where she will. Then she gathers up her habit and Hies as fast as her teet can carry her towards the house. Not very fast, though, for after such a ride her limbs tremble so Bhe can hardly walk at all. She is panting and breathless when she reaches the house, and, anxious as she is, leans one moment against a verandah-post to look around her and to collect her scattered faculties. The dogs sniff at her suspiciously, and one big kangaroo hound relieves his feelings and expresses bis belief that all is not right by a series of furious barks, which, however, rouse no one. The whole house seems wrapped in slumber. 