ENTERTAIWMEHTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; "The Bella of Hazel mere" at the Theatre Royal boa had a fairly successful experience, and it is presently but not immediately to be riiapUred by " The Silver Kit*," which, as we know, is one of the best, if not the beet, of the modern emotional dramas. In the meantime Miss Emma Chambers takes her benefitandfnrewell to-morrow. MissChambers, who has been some yean with us,is going to try Iter fortune in South Africa, and it is certain that everybody wishes her ail the luck it is possible for her to find. We would all rather she did not go to South Africa, or, in fact, to any plate other than Melbourne, where she has always been a most deserved favourite on account of her bright, pleasant, natural manner. She is so cheery, so natty, so abounding in good humour, that it does one good to see her and to listen to her. Her very smallneaa helps to make her liked the more. She is a compact diamond edition, very little, but very choice. Tbe good opinion in which she is held by her pro fessional brothers and sisters has been shown by the readiness which so many of them have exhibited to appear on the occasion of her benefit, and it is certain that the feeling out side the theatre is not less warm than that among her professional friends. Tbe exceedingly clever company at tbe Opera-house are attracting large audiences, but not any larger than they deserve to have, for in their several specialties the Silbon Stirks take the first rank. And inasmuch as everything they do it done with such a re assuring ease and such an absolute grace, the attractiveness of tbe whole is greatly en hanced. The ladies of the company may be considered to represent quite a new departure in gymnastics, for although it is nothing new for lady gymnasts to exhibit a great deal of skill and dexterity, it is a leas familiar thing to find these feats of amazing strength and prehensile precision accomplished without any sacrifice of womanly delicacy. As matter of course, the drew is of a kind suit able for tbe purpose of such arprcisee, but then this is only in accordance with the general principle of the fitness of things. The drama of "The Unknown," at the Alexandra, has sufficed to satisfy the pre ferences of the frequenters of this popular theatre. The play ia full of strong situations, and these are worked well up to the required degree of Intensity. And what is quite to the ■riud of the audience, the principle of poetic justice h wet! sustained. It n a fatuous habit to groan and hoot at the representatives of villainy ; but then It would appeartail it were a vain thing to look: for reasonable ness in, at least, three-fourths of any audience in this part of the world. Eg. peciallr the "gods"—oa it lathe custom to describe the upper tenants of a theatre-Hire absolutely incapable of comprehending whit ia understood as sentiment, nan par. ticuliuly the sentiment of lovers. They can. not apparently endure kissing. It either offends them or disturbs them, for they greet every situation in which oacutatoty passages occur with manifestations of ribald protestation. It is no matter how appro priate the action may be, it is uniformly jeered at This jibing ia in no sense, the outcome of any feeling of delicacy. It is, ia fact, only a manifestation of gross pruriency. Those who so jibe are incapable of compre hending any sentiment of tenderness, how ever expressed. At the Princess's Miss Jennie Lee's perfect performance of Jo has been received with a degree of favour commensurate with its great merit It ia one of the things that a true theatre-gper will never wish to forget It is nothing as against Its singular completeness that the play itself is only a kind of frame work. The drama begins with Jo, and ends with Jo; the rest ia only an environment No doubt when Dickens wrote -Bfesfc Jloux be had things in hia mind other than and beyond those of the poor Btrect-waiL He drew the waif with the graphic finish that his genius enabled him to accomplish, but perhaps he hardly dreamt of any detached portions of his story being selected for dramatic treatment. If he bad himself written a drama baaed upon the story of Bleak House be might have ex perienced the same difficulty as others have experienced in bringing all the materials of the tale into the compass of a three-hours' play; but whether be would have taken the poor little vagabond as the hero of the drama may be a matter of question. In any case, as bas been many times before remarked, he would have been petfectly satisfied with the Jo of Miss Jennie Lee. under whatever eir comstances he might have witnessed it For the present, however, "Jo" the drama h withdrawn, and "The Grasshopper" fol lows to-night At the Hibernian-hall Mr. DArqy Bead has been exhibiting "Ghost" entertain. ment . The Richards Company, at St George a-nall, are concluding their Beaton, a significant in dication of which termination is the occur rence of benefits. At the Victoria-hall, the Scottish feature in | the entertainment appears to have attracted many persons whose sympathies are North j British. . , 1 The extremely pleasant entertainment of ! the Lynch Bellringers, at the Atheneum on ' Saturday evenings, draws together fill houses, and they are largely composed of persons who would, probably, not go to any other performance. There is certainly very much to gratify both the intelligence, the taste, and the imagination, and the con ductors deserve every encouragement for pre senting this very wholesome sort of amuse ment to the Melbourne public. The building known for many years as the Waxworks, in Boorke-etreet, is the Wax works no longer, but has been transformed into "The Royal Museum," where many curious things are exhibited, including three ladies understood to have once formed part of the domestic establishment of the King of Oodb, which ladiea could, if they were so minded, tell some interesting particulars about the ways and works ot Oriental courts. Mr. Frank Bradley's concert at the Town ball took place on Saturday evening last Aa might have been expected from a gentle man whose specialty is organ- music, the programme included performances by Mr. Bradley upon that instrument. There were, however, many other items of interest, and the execntnn ts included several ladies and gen tlemen who have on many previous occasions been favourably and deservedly recognised in their several departments—vocal and instrumental. The absence of novelty wss no disparage men t of the general excellence, for it is sometimes preferable to listen to what is familiar And agreeable than to that whose only claim upon the attention is ite newness. Mr. Arthur Garner, of Messrs. W iRiamson. Garner, and Musgrove, with regard to whose visit to England on tehalf oi the firm ®w London correspondent has kept na fully tor formed, returned to Melboarne on Monday by the P. and 0. R.M.S. Britannia. As already recorded, the principal engagement effected ia that of Mr. J. L. Toole, who ia to sail for Melbourne in March next. Miss Janet Achurch and Mr. Charles Cbsxrington are said to have deferred their departure wr Australia owing to the success of Ibsen a "A Doll's House," which they have pro duced at the Novelty Theatre, London. Mr. Gamer has brought with hi® works of art which see of special inters" to admirers of the great David Garrick. T first is an oil painting, which was original'} the properly of the great actor, and bong bis diningroom in the far-tamed villa on t Thames. This is a "fruit piece," 8?d the work ot a Dutch or Flemish pointer Garrick'a time. Alter bin death it * sold by Mrs. Garrick, with other things at the Hampton house, where, however, remained nntil it became the property of English artist some 80 years ago, from It has passed to Mr. Garner The remaining " Garricks" are two splendid engranngtw Reynolds of the actor aa Richard HL, an Abel Drugget in Ben Jonsoo'e great the latteroeing probably the finest engra in existence of Garrick trom a contemporary portrait. 