Topical Sketches. BY ERZA SOON. FAMILY MARKETING. At times, in the past quarter of a century, I have had much quiet fun in doing the marketing for my extensive household, but 1 I have found that one thing has brought on another, and it is expected of me that I do the buying of everything. From my experi ence I should advise every man who has symptoms of becoming great and influential, and a leader among men, to leave the family marketing to the females, as we of the sterner sex are apt to forget things, as it is only a 1 matter of time when a number six head will get too full, and bulge out at the corners. To try to think of some glitttering article for a newspaper, and to have the great and noble thoughts get mixed up with hairpins and saveloys, is not encouraging to the author. ' Under such?circunistances he can not do the editorial or, the saveloy justice. , If the editorial takes possession of his brain as it ought, the butcher can work off on him an inferior kind of sausage, and hewill never know the difference until the family refuse t to partake of it, and, he never knows what is the matter tillhis young son at the table begins to whistle, and pulls a piece of saveloy toward him by a fine string, which } he has, tied to it unobserved. There is ] nothing that will cause a man greater astonishment than to be thinking real hard, and be brought back to mother earth by a i low whistle, and see a link of sausage 1 deliberately crawl off the plate and go across the table to a small boy, who pats it on the head, and says, "Poor fellow !" A saveloy t with a string to it is not a joy forever. So t much for prelude. Now let me empty the ashes of my sufferings into your dust-hole of a mind, dear reader. • One night I dressed up in my best and started out for a suburban shivoo, which consisted of a bazaar and some speechifying. On the way there I passed a grocer's shop, and it occurred to me that I had been told to buy something, and I went into the I place and sat down on a barrel to think what 1 it was. The proprietor said it was a fine evening, and, aftermature deliberation, with my forefinger on my corrugated brow, I said it was. He asked me if there was anything he could do for me, and I told him I wanted to make a purchase, and he stood over, me i waiting for the order. My face became a beautiful mahogany bay, my undergarments stuck to me, and finally, because I could not I think of anything else, I bought a saveloy and stuck it in my vest pocket, and went to the bazaar. There .was a little stage in the i hall, and I at once went on to it, and a girl, who was about to sing a solo, turned pale as a ghost as I came near her, and went off behind the scenes. I never knew exactly what made a saveloy smell so much, but a there is no disguising the fact that it has a smell which outranks our sewage system, and when it is damp with perspiration the odor will stop a clock. Of course I had for gotten that I had a saveloy in my pocket, and therefore was as innocent as possible. There. were several speakers on the stage with me, and I noticed that they looked at each other, and then whispered to the man ager, who got up and opened a window at the back of the stage. The lady sung first, but she was evidently suffering, and then a man recited a poem, but he didn't seem- well. - The manager took me forward and intro duced me to the crowd, and the folks stopped selling raffle tickets, and stood around to hear me orate. The manager looked at me as though at a loss to account for the odor of sanctity about my person, and then he went to the window, and leaned out in the attitude of prayer. When I had finished talking, I went down from the stage and mingled among the visitors, and a girl came up to me to sell a chance on a book mark. Her cheeks were as red as roses, her eyes black as midnight, and.the smile on her face would cause a man to commit murder. That was when I first saw her. After she had talked with me a moment on the subject of book-marks, and.how nice it would be for me to secure the first prize, the color left her face, her black eyes turned blue, the smile disappeared, her teeth became loose, her hair began to drop out, and as I pulled a, half-crown out of the vest pocket where the saveloy was resting, and handed it to her, she fell back in the arms of a lady friend, and said, ".Take me away, and-have me vaccinated?" I could readily see how a girl might be paralysed by my shape, but why she should fall ill, and want to be vaccinated, I could not understand. Little children'who were selling chances became shy of me, and when I went to speak to the soprano and compliment her on her singing, she and two other young ladies held handkerchiefs to their noses, and got behind a stall. I went and found the manager to congratulate him on the auspicious opening of the bazaar, and he was the only one that would remain near me, and I am sure it was a great sacrifice td: him. I heard he was quite sick afterwnvards. Well, I went home late that night, and hung my vest in a cabinet, and forgot about it, but in a few days I was asked to send up the plumbers to look for sewer gas. From time to time, during the next month, the plumbers had ripped out all the plumbing and plumbed everything new, and still the smell was about the house. The Medical Congress was called in, and they -favoured tearing the house down, and that would have been done but for the fact that the vest was discovered tobe tlhe cause of the trouble. It was carried out in the back yard with a pair of tongs, and as they were about to pour kerosene oh it, and set' it oz fire, I happened to think of the small change in the pocket, and I felt there and found the saveloy. And, do you know, as Frank Thornton says, the family would not use that saveloy. They said if was not good. To me it smelled as good as any saveloy I ever bought. But it broke me off family marketing, and I have since assiduously devoted myself to seden tary pursuits, and carefully eschewed save loys and--and bazaars. 