'the heie ofiinne. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, ..Author of the 'Shadow o{ the Sword,' .'. Txyst of Arranmore,' 'Martyrdom of Modolino,' &o.;, &o.;, &o.; [ALL QTJEENBLAND EIOLtrS BE3KBVBD.] ClIATTEB X — EdWAUD LlNNK SnOWS HIS Amiable Side. She paused again, and for some minutes there was silence. Edward Linno felt, rather than saw, that the girl was crying-. He was not a sentimentalist himself, bat ho was nit averse to seeing a little sentiment in women, especially when its exhibition did not bore. la this rase he wns not at all bored. Although ho could not at any time havo broken into wild enthusiasm about a child's fe cling for a dumb animal, he gained during that reoital gome knowledge of the Tannin amongst whom he had been suddenly thrown. Betides, by getting the girl to talk about a subject which interested her, he believed he might eventually brin? her to talk about one whinh interested him. ' Anything, he acknow ledged, would bo better than the cold silence which the had maintained on the niirht before. Besides, he had gathered during this recital, one important fact : the girl was not so nearly related to the laird 'as he at first had feared, if, indeed, she was related to him at »11, which he now doubted. She would have no claim upon the estites when they passed into his (Edward Linne's) hands. There was fome comfort in this reflection. The very thoughts of a second claim had almost given him a sleepless nigh:, for he had reflected on the number of creditors who were waiting impatiently for the old Laird of Linno to bo quietly laid in his tomb. ' Yes, I am afraid I shall have to sell ut-,' he reflected, looking at the turrets of the 'old Castle, white were dimly distinguishable in the distance; ''but I musn't sell the pony, evi dently. Well, after all, the brute wouldn't fetch much. I'll present him to her.' Then he turned to his companion. She had ? certainly been crying; her lip was still quiver ing, and there were traces of tears upon her cheek.' 'I fear I have made you call up painful memories,' he said. ' Let us talk of some thing else.' But the girl aniled sadly, and shook her head. ' It does me good to talk of it,' she said, ' since I am aye thinking of it, and it makes me very unhappy.' ' Unhappy — why ?' 'Now that he is ill, and now that I love him with all my heart, I cannot bear to think there was a time when I did not love him. and told him that I could never do so.' ' Humph ! but you see he deserved your anger ; and since you are so fend of him, I : presume he deserves your affection.' ' He has aye been good to me,' said the jrirl, gently. Then, turning suddenly upon the'joung man, she taid impetuously, ' Oh, sir, he's a stern man, I know ; hiu his life has been a troubled one, and I run sure he is not happy. But you are his kinsman and his heir; t--u aie more to him than auvone in. the world. Ti-y to bring him comfort.' The yonag man thiugged his shoulders. ' I have done all that has been asked of me,' he said. 'He sent for me, and I am here. But you have not finished your story. I know he gave you that pony, for he is here.' ' Yes,' returned Marjorie, ' he gave mo Brawnet, or rather, he did not sell him. Evory day I went to the field, dreading to find it empty, biit'it was not. The laird often spoke to me. now. Then, after a time, I was sent to a day- school, some miles off, and I used 4o iide to school and back again on Brawnet's back; ' Mariori?,' said tho laird to mo one day, ' you have turned me, just as you tamed yon shaggy brute Brawnet !' 'He Beems to be a strange mun,' said Linne ; ' and he appears to have led a strange ?life Has ho no intimate friends ??' 'None, I think, but Mr M-Sillvray.' ' And who tho deuce is ho ?' 'The old man who lives down yonder at ; the cave.' 'Ah, yep, I remember! Ho numo to tho ? castle this afternoon, and looked at' mo as if I were a ticket- of- leave man; and then, after giving a grunt of dissatisfaction, walked un ceremoniously into my uncle's bedroom. Ha Eeemrd to be u master of the place, though ha looked like a servant. A queer friend for my ucclo to have, truly ! X wonder svhat it means ?' Marjorie said nothing. She felt they wen treading upon dangerous ground, and wished to change the subject ; but the young man continued ; . . ' I thought it was strnngo when I saw him at the Castlo; and now thai; I hear of tho friendship from yon, it seems stranger still They are more like master and servant with a secret between them ! Don't you think tor' He looked at the girl as he spoke, and al though she struggled to show no sign of con fusion, she felt' that all the blood was deserting her cheeks, and that her hards wore trembling. Whether or not he noticed this she did not know ; but he continued : ' People have strange secrets sometimes, you know, Marjorie ; and Linno Castlo is ; ? just the kind of desolate, ghost- hnun ted place whiih one would expect to contain a family skeleton. Besides, in hie younger days, my uncle. muBt have had something to do with his fellow-creatures; he wasn't always an anchorite. What do you say, shall we make inquiries and find out what the skeleton is; just to give ourselves a little employment V' But the girl shook her head. Then 'she held forth her hand ' Good-bye,' she said ; ' I must be going away now. I havo waited here o'er long.' ; The joung man looked astonished. ?, 'Good-bye!' he said. 'Why we shall 1 meet again in the house, shall we not i' ' Maybe ;' she Eaid. ' Maybe, indeed ! ' Must be,' I prefer to say. I dent mean to let you go until you promise that we (ball. Why what a hard-hearted ??? t young lady you must be, Miss Marjorie! Do you know what you have done ': Yoa have held a cup of water to the lips of a thirsty man, and have let him drink ; and now yon'would nyj ' Go and^die of thirst io the desert, for you thall drick no more.' Come, promise. Mar jorie !*' added he ; and as he mentioned the rsrre wi:bont the prtfii, the girl's cheeks fluthed slightly. 'What mtust I promise? ' asked the girl. 'Promise not to avoid me so persistently. Give me a little of your company when the old man does not want it. That is not much to ask.' ' No, indeed,' returned the girl stretching out her hand. VHe took her hand and p-essed it ; then , be fore (he knew what he was about to do, he lHtid her in his arms and placed her in the faddle. _ ' An revoir !' he said, smiling and raising ' his hat 88 she rode away. And as Bbe went, as her figure grew dimmer and dimmer in the, distance, Edward Linne watched her with a curione expression on his faJ-e. ?' There is, after all,' he murmured, some thing more in thia than meets the eye ; and though my rustic companion appears to bo so innocent, she knows more than she cares to tell just at present. Well, she baa promised to be companionable— that is something: and if she doesn't impart some news to me before long, I shall begin to think my old charm of i. manner is gone ?' Chafteb XI. — The Reveesb or tiie Pictoke. When the figures of Brawnet and its rider had faded into the dim distance, and were com pletely lott to view, Edward Linne began to wonder what he could do to pass away the long.wearifome hours which still remained to be diaposed nf Ictoro the hour for dinner. What could he do? Absolutely nothing, but lie on his hack among the heather, smoko a cigar, think of his past life, and speculate as to the future. Neither of these reflections wree calculated to Irinf? him much comfort ; his past was not aoch aa ho cared to look back upoc, while as to the future, who could tell what that would fc« ? At preeci t, he acknowledged to himself, tho ontlook was a little overclouded. If every thing hud turned out as he had hoped and anticipated, if, on hip arrival at Linne Castle, ho had found his uncle at his last gasp, with only strength enough to place his hand in, benediction upon »he h»ad of his heir, all would bnve been well. The' young gentle r ux- could have stepped at once into his new position, and, after tho funeral was over, could have taken hiB departure, had he bran so dis posed, happy in tho kcowledgo of having a accent balance at hid banker's, and being in possession of apattinioniul homo. This wan tho future he had in his mind's eye when he mado 'io journey to Linne Castle ; and now how all was changed ! So far from being at his last gasp, the laird seemed likely to linger, if not for months, at least for somo weekB to como ; whilst ho, tho heir, must hang on at Linno Castle in daily and hourly dread of somo unforeseen occurrence, which would cause the eld milUtone — as his nephew irreverently culled him — to. alter his will, and leave him, Edward Linne, a beggar. Besides, there was just the probability of tho laird recovering, in which case the ? ' Confound it!' cried Edward Linne, 'it doesn't bear thinking of. Still it would be just liked the cursed luck which always pursues mo. But I won't think of it. I can't mond matters bv makinir nivself more miserable than I am ; and perhaps alter all, I've nothing to fear. I shall ouly have to wait a little longer than I had anticipated, that is all ; and in the meantime I must make the best of life in this accursed wilderness. He lit a cigar, threw himself on his back on the heather, and let tho sun pour its rays upon his face. 1 t was a splendid day for the moor, and nothing would have given him. greater pleasure than to tramp tho hills for an hour or fo with his gun and dog, and pick up a few birds before dinner ; but oven that amusement wasdenied to him. Ho must play the hyoo crite, and affect a sorrow which he did iioc feel. He lay for some timo pulling away at his cigar, and trying to banish thought. Then he throw his cigar away, atretehed~out his limbs tilted his hat over his eyes to shade them from the powerful rays, and dosed. But ho was still half conscious of the sounds around him, of the monotonous washing of tho sea on the distant shore, of tho rustling of tho heather beneath the light breath of the breeze. At ,'ast he jumped to his feet %\ith a start. 'By Georgo! I must have bceu asleep,' he said. Then ho looked at his ,watch. Soveral hours had passed since Marjorie hud left him ; he had managed to dose and dream them awny somehow. But it was still somo time to dinner, and if ho took a walk along tho soushoro it would bring him to the Castle in good time. He started off, reached a circuitous path, which led down tho steep face of the cliif , and soon gained the sands below. They wero quito de serted, or so they appeared to be ; the tide was rising fust, acd a salt brcezo was blowing in from tho sea. Hav!ng little time for loitering, he walked somowhat quickly along, picking h » way among the rocks and btoues, and keeping well up from tho water's edge. He had gone some little distance when he looked at his watch again and found that he had still time enough to take things moro leisurely. Where was tne use or hurrying .- lie said to mmselt ; there would bo no chanco of seeing Marjorie before dinner. So ho clumbercd up tho rocks and took a scat, turning his face to the sea. He had eat thus for some minutes when he was startled by tho sound of a woman's voice tinging softly. Ho looked around, but could see no one. Then ho listened, and the sound came again. 'It must be a mermaid,' ho said laugh ingly to himself, ' or — Murjorie ! ' llio latter thought miide him rise wiih ulue rity to his feet, und make hiu way along tho rocks to tho plate whence thu sound proceeded. Ihe thingly path by whiclihn had come lay on his right, and it was as deserted as it 'hud been when he had passed along. To the left there jutted out a thurp, rocky promontory, passing aroutd which he came up -n the creator of the sound which had so stirtled him. A young girl, evidently a peasant, sitting upon a roc1:, with shoes and mockiugs in her hand, and dappling her bare feet in a pool in the sea. Ho could not .-.ee her fucc, but ho noticed the bright gleaming of her reddish golden huir, since the shawl which had covered her head had bec-n blown back on to her shoulders; and he could just citoh the words which the crooned rather thau sang— O why left 1 my hmne, Why did I ei-o^rhe sen, 0 why ilnl I .ivwurt I' mm my uiu couutvee ; Isif-'h 1'or Suutlu'.-. slioiv. Aiull yearn .?iwossili.- sou, Kuticaim'it m-t m- Kiinc O' my uiu uouutrut! .' Sad und Ion-, a» if full of unshed toirs, was tho voice ; in tones an woeful and strange, in. deed, a mermaid might have sum:, wailinir for a mortal lover, like the sea-maid in the ancient Danish bullnd.. His first impulse was to go down and accost her. his next to coutiuue his way home -le hud cot gone many yards, however, when ho heard a light footstep behind him, and almost immediately u voice taid : ' Begging your pardon, sir, hut I should bo mucklc obliged if you could tell mo the tiaiu o' day. Something in the tone of the girl's voice startled liuno strangely. Ho turned quickly and faced her. As ho did so she gave a cry of surprise and joy, and stretched forth her hands, calling him by his nume. But ho neither moved or spoko. His face grew livid in its whiteness, and the perspiration stood in beads on his forehsud. Seeing this, the girl grew alarmed. 'Edward,' tho cried, 'what ails you ? 'Tia me 'tis Mary, frao tho mearns of Kirkraichatl. What guurs, yo look so pale ?' 'You, Mary! Here:' Wiih an cftort he conquered himself, and seized the girl's hands in both of his. 'You Etartled me,' he said: 'and no wonder.' Then looking nervously about him, he added, 'Tell me, in God's name, what brought you herer' ' 1 came to seek for you.' 'Tor me I'' 'Aye; maybe yoa thought I hud fonrot ten, but you ken weel I can never forgetl' She paused as if expecting an uuswer, but nore came. He wanted to think rather thuu tnlk, i-inee for tho moment he could not deetfo what it would be bef-t for him to say. The en- , counter had been to sudden, 60 u'nlooked for, that for the moment he completely lost his tclf ? rcnimand. But as he stood looking into tho face of the girl who had risen Jike a spactre be fore him, lie past loomed beyond her like a eraveyaid giving up his dead. Fully; three ycurs had patsed since the two had met, and yet hon- well ho hod remembered tbe night cf their lust parting ! As he looked into the girl's face he teemed to feel her artnj clinging about his neck, und to hear her voice sobbing Eoftly, 'Yon will oome buck. Edward ? Oh, say you will come back, or I shall die!' And he kissed her tear-stained face, and had given tho promise — 'Yes, Mary, I will come back.' And Binoe that night she had never heard of him again ! ' Edward,' taid the girl, troubled by his silence, ' why are you sao dumb? Hao you nue word o' welcome to gie me after a' theso jeaib?' Again the heid out her hands, but this timo he did not take them. 'What welcome did you expect?' ho nelccd coldly. ' What is past is past, aud should bo firgotten. Still; since you have recalled it, tell me what you want. I will do whut I cm.' It was now the gill's turn ,to look astonished. Fixiug'her eyes curiously upon his face, oho tu:d, wearily — , , '? I hue had a long tramp the day, und I'm a ivee tired, und maybe dozed und dreuming. I diiinu understand !' . 'Yet my meaning is clear enough,' said Linnc, 'I presume,' ho continued, looking at her coarte, travel-stained dress aud bare feet, ?' that yon want ussistanco. For tho Buko of tho past I am willing to help you, but I shall only, do so on condition that you leave this place instantly, and premise never to come hero ugain. _.;, Tbb girl looked steadily at him. ' And dae you think, Edward, it is your tiller I want ? Dae you think I sam for that.' '?I don't know what eke you can want, unless you are mad enough to imagine I am going to repeat the farce of three years ago.' Sh« cave a thort, hard laugh. 'And is that what you call it, Edward Linne ? My fether was right, then. He said you had ccme to poison tho life o' her you pretmdtd to love. Till tho day you crossed my path, I had never grieved and never grat; mdco then, God help mo ! I hao kenned uao pctce. Look at me, Edward, homeless, friendltee, weariful, and Biiir spent. Yet my heait was light till noo. I thought I hud ao tody in the world to dry my tears!' ' And so you havo if you will but bo reason able. Of course I will help you.' ' I dinna want your help. Dao yo think it waa charity I cam' to seek? Nu, I oiiin' thinking to find on honest, leal-hearted man. But I ken noo what it is you aro, and I hopo to God I no'er may Bee your faco again !' ' Then you will »ro Y' ' Aye, aye, I'll gang,' sha repl'cd. lookin? him firmly in tbe faco ; but beforo I gang I shall visit Linne and seo tho laird ! Thero is a young lassie thero who is as simplo as I was mysel' ; and I'll speak to her as woe I, beforo I gang?' In a moment his face chauged. Ho made one quick step forward, and aeized her by the waist. ' What ! you threaten, do you ?' he said. But quickly ohanging hio tone, he addad, ' Oh, Mary, Mary, what a little simpleton you aro ! Didn't you seo I was autiug, and that I only did it to boo if your lovo was real ? And it is, it is ! You lovo me for myself. You are Jiy own Mary still !' Tho ohango was so sudden that the girl was stupefied. 'Then your heart is! tho same!' she said. ' You've no forgotten ?' 'Forgotten !' he said, passing his handover her golden hair, and drawing her tenderly to him. ' Oh, my darling-, could i ever forgot !' ' Then why did you lea' me a' those yaurs, and no'er send word or lino?' ' What could I do ?' said Linno. 'Atfirst I thought, I will wait till I have good news to send her; but a cursed ill luck always pur sues mo and I had no good news to send. Then, after a month or so had passed, I had looked forward to being ablu to como back to you when I had good news to bring ; but that will soon bo over now. There is good luuk in store, for mo at last, 1 think, Mary, liut we are losing time,' ho said looking at his watch. ' I must ba at the oostlo in a quarter of an hour. What am I to do with you ?' ' Tak me to tho castle. Wha hus tho better right ? ' ' Puke you with me to tho castle ! Good heavens ! no, Mary ! Listen ! Before I came to this piaco a fow days ago, I was ubsolutoly a beggar — even poorer than you, for my responsibilities wero to terrible that my only escape scorned suicide. Now I have a chance of brighter days. The laird is dying, and at his death I shall bn his heir. If by any chance he heard of our affection, he would disinherit me, and I should be left, to starve.' 'Tell him tho trnth,' returned the girl, quietly. ' He is a just inun, and will acknow ledge your wife.' ' It I did as you desire, ho would disinherit me, and leave us both to starve ; wberous, wo havo only to (wait a little, aud I shall bo ablo to put you in your proper position. Como, I am sure you are a sensble little woman. You see all this as I see - it., do you not, my darling?' She dropped her head, and a sob escaped her lips. ?'V ''Hytiicco *» n} t) io uumu, ana no er comes,' she unswered, letting her tears flow freely now. ' It's awfu' wuitin'. waitin' ! I cunna' bear it ! What's your will ? Whut is it you wish n.e to do ? ' 'Kotum to your home and wait there ?quietly until I come for you.' '11}' hame ! ' returned the girl, raising her tearful eyes to liin luce. 'I* hao nae htuno noo! ' 'N:- home ! ' 'Kane. Aft«- you went away and left me, folk whispered to faither that you . had beguiled me ; mid when ho taxed mo wi' tho trnth, 1 couldna defend mysel', for you had mado me tak' a solemn oath'nn'er to toll that I wns your lawfu' wife. Then he drove mo from his hoose! ' 'Drove you away ! ' 'Aye! fastnlofed the dooron me, and iel't me he would* ne'er open it to me asriin til! I ?camu to him wi my' 'nmrrisgo lines.' 'Whi'.t-tiid you do:-' ''What could I due? I just went across tiio mnir and got n fanner's wife to take inn lin to wateli tbe ltye ; for I thoiiiriit. it would be only for a while, and I lonWl for you to come. I thought you would tak' me back to faitbrr nnd tell him a'. ]5ut I waited and waited, and you didna oome. Then no day I heard that fidther whs ill, mid I ?.?/out liarae, thinking I maim break the promiso I hud ?jrivea. But when 1 reached tho hoose, faither was dead .'' ' Dead !' ' Aye, Edward. I begged them to lot me tee him, but they would'nn , and my sister Jean did what father had done— turned mo awa' frue the door. After that I didna heed what become of me. I waited about tho clachan till I saw faithor laid in his grave; then I went awa', t-tnyina in ae jilucc mid anithcr, uutil ue day l' heard tell o' the Ltiiid o' Linne, unda'kcilnbooiliim, and found ho whs your uiu undo, and lived iii Liuue Cas tle, far uwa. Weel, I hadni the siller to ride in tie train, eo I just tramped it, aud thnu gut a place in a fishing boat, and I gat to tlio tocn la.st night. A guid wife hereuboot let me hue a bed. 'Twaji she who tell't me tho old' laird was deeing, and the young lainl waitin' to wear his i-hoon.' ' And you told her who you were?' ' Na, na, Kdward ; I couldna btoak my oath,' the answered. ' And yet just now you threatened to break it.' 'Aye, that was when I was mad. llv heart wob weel nigh broken when I thought you fao unkind.' ' Well, we won't talk of that,' paid Llime, who was dreudiiig unother outbreak, longiusr to get. Hwny frcm tho girl, yet afraid to leave her. ' Whht um I to do with you now, Mary ?' ' Shall I just go back to the hillside and stay wi' yon guid wife?' He hesitated. His chief anxiety wns to get her out of the place ; for although plio hud proved to him how steadily she could keep an oath, ho dreaded her continued prweuco, since he -Bould bo compelled to meet her from timo to time, acd gossip might begin. Still, he had no timo now to plan for her future dis posal. He hud lingered too long already. Perhajs it would be well to udopt her suggfs tieiu for the night, ho thought, und ho could think of tome definite plan by tho morrow. He looked un to tell her of hiB decision, and stured in wonder na his eyes rested upon her. Now that tho fWnb. which excitement had brought to her cheeks had died away, her face was ghastly in its whiteness, her lips looked quito eolourh ss, und there were black rings aiound her oyes. 'What is the 'matter?' he said quickly, thinking she wns going to fuint. The girl wearily lifted her hand, and pushed her hair off her forehead. 'Muybe 1 wunt mv dinner,' she said, smil ing fudly. , 'Tho wife gied mo a dish o' porntch tho morn, und it's a' I hae ta'en since yestreen.' 8he was absolutely almost starving, but still his thoughts were of his own safety. ' Did tho woman that save yon tho lodging know )ou hud no money ?' he naked. ' Aye, sho kenned it.. I couldna give her a bawbee.' ' Well get some other lodging for to-night. Here is tome money,' he said, pla-jing a fow cbillings in her hand. 'Heat quiet in ih« town till lo-iuonow night after mnse-t, thuu moot muaguiu htru. Do yon understand. ' 'Ajo, I understand.' ' And you will do it ?' ' Ayo, aje,' sho murmured sadly. 'Wellgood-byo,' he Biiid, taking her hand in bis mid preying it gently : thou he turned on biB heel und walked quickly , away. Could ho havo seen the gill's fuce an he did fo ho would havo lingered u moment to give hirarnoro tender adieu; but he wan blind ?with tcjh'i-h dread. As his figure- faded from her sight, tho girl gavo one piteous moau, and sunk sobbing on the thoro. To be Continued. 