LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. TnEES, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen an tiquity, as well as of our Christian pro genitors relate to trees; while poets in all countries and ages have borrowed from them their most brilliant images and com parisons. Some of these varied allusions, gleaned from various quarters, we have here set down, in the belief that they will be interesting to our readers. We begin with the apple-tree, so singu larly connected with the first transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. The golden fruits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by the pagans to be apples. *Hercules was worshipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek Mellon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Edda we are told that the goddess Iduna had theicare of apples which had the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ate of them when they began to feel them selves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple-tree and hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everythingwentwrong in the world. The gods became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body aid mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The DruidS paid particular reverence to, the apple-tree because the misletoo was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of which are practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow Een, and on All Saints' Day, which was formerly common over all England, is still prac tised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in tile same man ner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god DBaal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re- lighted from the sacred fire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yule log, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas fire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of the following year. The Yule logwas :always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from tae sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule 10lie worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, wledbh, how ever; were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, which, according to some, is a relic of Druidisn. The well-known chorus of "Hey, derry .down,~ according to Pro fessor Burnet, was'a Druidic chant, signi fying literally, "In.a circlethe oak move around." Criminals were tried under an oak tree, the judge with the jury being seated under its shade, and the, culprit placed in a circle made by the- chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under an oak; and the celebrated conference between the Saxons and the Britons after the invasion of the former was helduaider the oaks of Dartmoor. The mistletoe, particularly that which grows on the oak, was held in great vene ration by the Britons. At the beginning of their.year, the Druids went in solemn pro cession into the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finest oak, onwhich they inscribed the names of those gods wlnch were considered as themost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated golden prun inag-hook, the other Druids receiving it in a pure white cloth, which they held beneathi tlhe tree. The mistletoe was then dipp?in water by the principal Druid, nd disti buted among the people, as 4? _erwtive against witchcraft and deesse.': Ifan part of the plant touched the goundi?was considered to be the dmoni of some.dreadful misfortune which- wasabout t6. fallupon the land. The ceremony was always per formed whedi the mooniwas six days old, and two white bulls were sacrificed at the conclusion.- Idi Scahdinavian mythology, Loke, the evil spirit, is said to have made the arrow withl which he wounded Balder (Apollo), the son of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury" from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored tb the world till by a general effort of the other gods. Thle magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Vir.il and Ovid. In thedarkages asimilar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, and some other countries, call the mistletoe the spectre's wand," from tile supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only-enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to him. The custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Sixon ancestors, who, on therestoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, and to reventit from being again used against er as an instrument of mischief. In:the feudal ages it was gathered with'great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and re joiong. - The holly, like some otler evergreens, has longbeenusedat Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for tlus pur pose by the early Christians at Rome, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly wa used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, wlich occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans to send boubhs of holly, durmn5 the Saturnalia, as embematicalol gooda wses, with the gifts they presented to their. friends at that season; and the holly came thus to be con sidered as an emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by the ancients to Bacchus, whose statues are generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god of wine its praises have been sung by almost all poets, whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have been given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant. Some poets say that it was because the ivy has the effect of .dissipating the fpmes of wine; others, because it was once his favourite yout!h, Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, q will destroy the vinmes, and that it was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to -tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most probable, however, seems to be that the ivy is found at Nyssa, the reputed birthplace of Bacchus, and in no other part of India. The ancient Greek priests presented a wreath of ivy to newly married persons as a symbol of the closeness of the tie which ought to bind them together, and Ptolemy Philopater, king of Egypt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, " Ldie where I attach myself," and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. The jasmine is no less celebrated for the delicacy of its odour and flowers titan for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which pre vails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in thecir hair, is said to have arisin from the following circum stance:--A grand duke of Tuscany had, in 1699, a plant of the deliciously-scented jas mine of Goa, which he was so careful of, that he would no suffer it to be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave her a sprig of this choice plant on her birthday; and he having taught her how to 3 make cuttings, she planted the sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every, one who saw it, admiring its beauty an'd sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. 'These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain I .enough of money to enable her to marry herlover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always I deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a proverb, " that she who is worthy to wear i a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for tune to her husband." Thie myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held I sacred to Venus. The name is said to have I been taken from thatof Myrsine,anAthenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer ing love to overpower her wisdom, was f changed into a myrtle by her offended mis- 1 tress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle; and in Greece she was adored under the name of MIyrtilla. Pliny 1 says that the Romans and 8abines, when I they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves 1 with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the symbols of authority worn by the I Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by 1 those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained avictorywithoutbloodshed. I The rose has been a favourite subject f with the poets in all countries and in all I ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the f Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth 1 from its freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity and danger from the fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to llarpo crates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to be kept secret was said to be told "under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red-according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it byCupid, and its thorns to be the strings of the bees with which the are of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to tihe birth of the rose is, that Flora, having found the dead body of one of her favourito nymnplis, whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, implored the assistance of all the gods and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others should acknowledge to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus Save its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and 1 lora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often represented on antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury--the beetle being said to lmvd such an antiptathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves, and-their ladies used rose water as a perfume., Throughout the EaSt it was still m6ro exrtensively celebrated ; the poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinary volume.. That -which represents the nightingale as siiging for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of the fable is thus told in the L?anguge of Floicers:-" In a curious frag ment by theocelebr?ated poet, Attar, entitled Bulbul Nameh-the Book of the Nhightin gale-ill the birds appear before Solomon, and charge the nightingale with disturbing their rest, by the broken and plaintive strains which hewarbles forth all tbenighl t in'a sort of plensy andintoxication. The nightingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted by the wise ki"ig, because tile bird assures him tliat.his veliement love for the rose drives him, to. distraction; and causes him to break forth intothdse passionate and touching complaints whichi are laid to his chaarge. lesiiahsalso assert that "the nightingal'insprinig fluttersroundthe rose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, he drops stupified on the ground'" -? h Catholic Church lias hlso added con siderably to the legendary history of the rose. -A golden rose was considered so honourable a present, thiat none but crowned hesda Wege thlought worthy either to give or to receiveit.-Roses of this kind were sometimes cdinecrated by the Popes on Good Friday, and given to such poten tates asit was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the flower itself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which it was com posed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome. and the day on which the cere mony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosi." The rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and enters into the composition of most of their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown of roses to the girl who should be acknow ledged by all the competitors to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village-a custom whichl, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. In the middle ages, the knightsat a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and thatmt beauty was thle reward of valour. About this period, tile rose was considered so precious m France, that in several parts of the country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among the rights of manors, that their owners were em powered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had for merly a day of ceremony, called "Baillee de Roses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring up and gladden all his pathway. IN Persia, when a man is convicted of robbery, they put him in a brick tank by the roadside, pour plaster of paris around him till he is suffocated, and leave him standing there hirmetically sealed up as a warning to all who pass that way. 