WHISPERS AT THE WINQ8, I Bt'-U." A » ipecteeln, Cinderella excels anything Twntonmnio Melbonrno haa aeen, and ha all tlm completeness nf one which might t.avn l«n transferred from Dniry Lane to our Iloyal. Its strength ! unquestionably In tho imiuoiing; nnd from beginning to end thentecu i a periect kaleidoscope. While there » ii»- finito pleasure in looking at all the scene, such setting aa thoeo of the opening in the golden foundry, the forest depth, which go WKht mi to the back of the stage, inn avenue nf statue and the transformation scene ataml out .a prominent feature o! effect. You had no doubt looked for something brighter in tho ballroom scene, and certainly that sombre backing does not realise the idea ol what that aceno should be. It i« brilliant enough In the foreground, but the flac require litrlitori ing up. Gordon I really don't think ha ever done anything more artistically oharming than the transformation. It is excellently con Wived and inetlcally and deftly dovelontd, and tbe flnalo is an admirublo bit of ajuendor. No one can complain of tho want of incident and business. Every scetiti ha something of note in it. and the silver danc-, the utrcpto- chase, thn Cinderella driving, tho football con- teat and the statue ballet make up the back bone of tho pantomime. They never had so many oeople on tho stago as they have Jut tiow, and you can fancy tho crowd wlien I tell you tbafe thn number actually engaged in tho pr iductionwho saw "the ghost walk" yesterday w!Mv »fao groupings in the hunting sccnn and the ballrootn are sjieciatly well managed, and tou particularly fancy the gracefulness and the llgntlng of the statuo ballet. Thscoatumcaaro pretty in design and rich IQ color, and are harmonio'uly arranged. Sinco tfatf opening nigh# changes havo been made m the piece, but still there is lots of room for Improvement, and lu notno department that Is imperative. Tho muno is too heavy, and must be of cnaper, lighter numbers ; nud that's come of the masher swagger and dance ditty for tho Prince? There' one thing I woold strike out. and that is thn chorus of cradle-carrying kiddies in tho ballroom scooe. It's inappropriate, and, in a way, painful, \ The weakness of thn pantomime is tho act ing, and that particularly in tho female cast. Tue girls want chic and go— tho sparkle to dn a spanking song and tho daati to "letch 'em " , with a dauco. Fanny Liddiard look hand some, nnd lino and fancifut in her varied neat and natty dresses, and there is only a touch of sprightlincM in her acting. Why doesn't alio launch mildly madly into a sort of I'm Kisg of tho ftlock medley? Surely she could try. The young newcomer, Annio Cranston— who, by the way, is the wife of Willie Walton— is chirripy in a way, and is dandy enough, but ahi is a bit thin in method, and wants morn robuntnrss nf voice and stylo to fill the Koyal. Clara MerrivaK I havo a notion, ft-cls that the Cinderella cloak docs not fall fittoely on her shoulders. . 8bo acta with a good deal of arch- Of, and she sings thn Solomon ballad, Tho Bilvrr Lino, very artistically. Tho Pollard and Potter efforts arc acceptable as far as thoy go. It is evident that those who are to lift up the pontomimo are Walton and Stevenson, sad tbev havo plenty of scopo to work up tholr parts. It is a pity they am uofe morn together, and that Walton can't sing a bst. Tlmy could bstwoeu thorn make the luntomime " goo n at a hot |»ce. Give them rotw, Muigrovc. Vernon somehow seems as if ha was only half-hearted in his fooling, and wants to rouw himself up a hit. Mirnnck looks massive, but not merry, as the motalho monarch. Pantumimo is not htsprncAanf; nor is it lbs strength of Nnelw's range. You can't say much for the harlequinade, and you might navo thought that coming out from home specially fur tho pantomime, tho Walton's would havo given us souictbiog fresh and flashy. But they haven't. By tho way. tho pautomime was over very early on tho first night, aud it has kept up thu tcoord since. Thcro no doubt was too mncii hurry in thn getting up and thu producing of thu panto mime, hut now that it iu on it will havo to be licked into a success. Frank Emery has had a hard busy time, and Musgrovu has been wurking likn a Trojan, nut! ti not.I fancy, yet In the swath hoavui of happiness. All tho staff in every department havo done their work well, aud aru patted on thu head accord ingly. Thn nsusl Itook of tho pantomime is supplied by J. A. Alexander, who figures also with tho drop sonic. , Among tboto who witnessed tho first night's performance wn the former Cinderella, Nellie Btmvnri, Would you be nurprto-d to amber In tho Dart again ? Tho bouse havo burn packed to the utmost. 'Tbe firm havn received Infortrallnn that Bolnirt Buchsuan's adaptation of Roger Lu llunfo, and nailed a Man's Hnadow, has, iu Ainrica.under th»Terrl-M:ll»-aril regimo rn- |H>abd it London success. Tim piece, the story of wliich I told you somi-Unm ngo. ih one of tho pjayssruured by Arthur Garner during his ruci-nt visit to Kuio|>o. It will In product! at t Im lloyiil soon Utter thu pantomimo season with Cliarh-H Warner in thu dual roht of Laroqtio, thu hem, and hi " doutile,'' Luvurun, u Prussian py, whoso undying en mity ho lift incurrerl. Three parts were played at thn Ifaymnrkot by Beerbohm Tiro ; nnd I may say that fuiidimvntally thn drnmst. which is a wljnb-atmin setiNnttono!, and yut yiupiithetio one, with crisp dtaloguo and At Unt three jM»werfitl situation, is u eomhitis- \- ' tion of Thu Lyons Mail mill 1'rouf. You may bo certain thut Garner and Wurner between them will tuuko an iuiprcssivu production oi All of you will ho glad to lesrn that Madame Melha has quite got over thn trilling throat ailment from which slio suffered at tho end nf tlm aeaHon, and is now delighting Paris in Itoinro et Juliette. For singing at Uotita'Garto four times in January ta Melba is to receive a thousand guiueav. Net bud for abeginuur, eh? Dr Cupid is a nrgativo success Im-cmiio the people can't catch thn drift of it. They don't seem to distinguish the difference between tho fantastic and tho farcical, and Ituchniiaii'n ' comedy will suffer tho same fate as Tho I'ulnco of Truth— la won't becomn popular. Of course, thcro is no reason, from tlm stogo point of view, why it shouldn't succeed. It Is a quaintly humorous concep tion, il Is played on exceptionally oecuratsand artistic line, nnd the costumes and tho scenlo sotting aro of -thn luoitnp- jiroved and finest. But thn spirit of thu play ing will havo to bo altered simply to suit tlm public taste. Thoy do not appreciate the fan tastic, so tliey will havo to bo duxed with the farcical.. What a delicious creation is that of Billy Elton's Dr Guuid 1 IU queer quip, hlezar- COtlo touches, and thren bit that rcqmru dsliaat handling sra ail nut with tlm point asil-polbh of thn artist, Tim Will o'-tho-wiip las vastly amusing personage with his trips sod his " ping i" and hi mirthful ways. But only tbo broader portion nf thu part "go," sod, unfortunately, that indicates that there il but ooo step to take. Harwood, as tho irnsciblo old uncle, finds congenial scope to revel in, und it can liu seen that bis now pretty liberal dealing with tbe part suits those in front. This is the first timo that Harwood nnd Elton have boon in tlm name cast, and yon ran mark the differcnco of tlm schools— the broader, artificial stylo of tho old, and tho keener, artistic method of thu new, Tbsro is a lino, free gallantry in Bass's Harry lUckott, Fleming most successfully cupeg With tho difficulty of stuttering through thu part of Farlow, and thuro is much of the mer curial in llsus Fhillips doings us Beau King. Sweetly pretty, like a Kato Green a way , creation, is Janet Achurch, and she ha all the rapture of tho romsutia Kntu Constant. Could you fancy a more altrnctlvH young widow than that which Janet Ktnnalrd makes ol Mr Bliss? Ah, aim's giddy, nnd now and ' then sho' a picture in three cuntumus, Thcro L stolidity , in Mr Brycr's Vral, and Mr Bolton intusos thu character of UrSdgot with something of ligbinusa. -Gordons efforts givo tho prcsunUtinn a most ' odutlrablo back- ground, and tlm o ye fensts gratefully on thu Assembly Itcuin aud lever's Well sotting. 'A statement lias been mads that the Br. Jobn-Osmiiron-Lunnrn portion of tho London Gaiety Company, now in America playing Faust up Pi Date, aro (Infinitely coming over here. Too fast, Thu firm wore sounded on thn subject, but would not touch It, so that you tny tako it ns a cirlainty that yuu won't seu tbe butlciquers iu Australia. Sheridan is oviitently synonymous with Aus- , Indian " sugar. " J. h , of tlrat ilk, at onvrato, 1 is making a good deal of it ot theOpern Uouo, nnd Actually hu asks for more, At least thu M'Malmusnnmmnco that Johnnie will indulge in hi Fun on the Bristol until further notice. This must bo inquired mto-at Jimmio's olHcc. I havo won! from two old friends of yours now in other land. Firat from Emma Chamber, who, as yon know. Is to Natal. They began their tour in Marittburg, tho In- laiitf cnniial, and than camo baok to the port tuwo, Buriiant where they began on tbe 23rd November In Uy Hwoetheart. They hod good limmes, and were to bo tUroo weske there. Tli-h tney were to go north. From Blgoor Majnoiil I have ft that thoy opooed at the Curiuthian Theatre, in Calcutta, on 23rd November, in Jslousy, They wire doing well and had good prospect \- Alexandra patrons are happy— tfisy hava gA another drama to their liking. Yea Judge Not, which was tbo medium ofbring- ing tho Dampirrx back to tbm on Boxing Night, hat all thovi element and character istic which stir their imagination and fire : their brain, a pieco iu which they can show their lrotig low for virtue and their unrestrained detonation of tic. Frank Harvey's melo-drams is ol tlm good healthy emphatic school, with a story that has interest nnd excitement in it, and strongly worked up incidents and situation. It may nt be severely original, hut h< avena I wheru aro you to get originality now-a-day iu ihese things? _ The exposition of the pieco is appropriate ; and characteristic, and, beside bring toothsome to tho audience, command thu critical commendation. Quito in her particu lar lino i the hercinu -thu wronged, trim and loving wife — of Lily lJampier, and given in her sympathetic strain, it obtain the well- desorvid encomiums of the audience. In fact, they heap her triumph with laudation. Tho comedy vein of Dampler art is very happily drawn on as tho brokn-douu tragedian nnd hi airs and strait and whims nnd oddities afford no end of nmusemcut. Andin maiptainingthccomedy sight lights, very acceptable aid is given by Kathcnn Kussiitl. There i ail t>oisiblu vigor in Baker' ill doing, and Boothman cn tlm hand has to be credited with upholding Virtue manfully. Theru i a share of favor lor Wat- kin Wynnu. Old Ilulloway give sturdy sup- |K»rt as tho medico, and Btonvhatu dabble 1 decently in devilment. Alta and Kenno havo added their quota in tho shapn of advantageous scenery mod mechanical effects. They'll get a run out of Judgo Not. Dampier— and Browne, tho author, too— ought to fust specially interested in thn atten tion and recognition winch the G.O.M. hat given to thu novel itohhi-ry Under Arm.'" Mr Gladstone" (writiti u Loudon correepondeni) " ha just discovered a bunk which icrfcctly fascinate him. It has, I lieliove, been re published in this country, but it ap peared first iu Australia, whore it is its great vogue. It is a coved entitled Itohbery under Arum. Tho authorship i claimed fur Itolf Bold«-rwood, which sound like a nom do plume. Mr Glndntonc, having thu Australian edition, has written a letter to thu author, addressed caro of the publisher, expressing thu great delight with which hu read thu work." A Sandhurst friend forwards mu tho follow ing contx- rniiig choir cvoniitg holiday amuse ment:— "Wo navo had," liu nay, "something go'.d by way of a In-ginning for our Christina enjovment. Gn Christum night, a grand vocal mid inntrumenul concert, nrrangnd by Mr E. H Haiistuin, a local nnd promising young musician, was got off in the Masonic if All. Torny mind it would bear most favor- nblo comparison with many high-class concerts thut have been given in Marvellous Melbourne. It would tx-nr repetition," Tho Mncmahon Brother Imvecomn upon it nn usual with an excellent hill of fare. On thn night of Boxing Day thoy gavn us thn Bells ot IIalomere, which rang out to a H'jiim crowded in almost every part. The beautiful pioco went well. Emotional rxioplo showed tbem-clvev, while tho jovial parts brought forth the fouling of those who delight in funnyism. Bucktawjijaycd Frank Btresford in a manly way. Clyndc gavn u tho vil lainous John Bilkstotiu nnd brought down tho wrath of tin gods. Clara Cowper played Evelyn BnokGrid, and Edith lJUndo a thu scbooImistrcK (Mary Nortiic a sucoes. Thu piecu met with a most coin- ldinicutary reception, and, I should ay, will keep going for a goodly spell. This from Sydney aido Thcy'vo pretty nearly turned theoldRoyal uisido out, and now there morn nmtn and everything now and clean. Still, it's like putting new wine into old bottle, patching up Hiu place, and wn won't be satisfied till we havo a Fritices h« ru too, or "unmher of thn satin?," However, Aladdin Ims panntd out nil right and look good for a big run. It i bountifully staged and aroused, anil Brunton' work i» as firm u eya could look on anywhere. Jcninu L> rutu ; film work with a will and with excrilsnt effect. Walton's Widow Twattkey show what a clover fellow ho i. Mi Vntlcy is a sprightly 1'rincesa, and Sladu Murray, Dark, Cremar, thu Bonhair Brothiirs, Sophio Harris, and Vera I'uttydo well. Glad I am to be able to report well of B. and B's production of Friends at the Cri. Strongly cast, it went splendidly the first night. Titheradge is in his old character of the "doctor," which he played in Fred Mar shall's day with Garner's company. He has the best of the fat, of course, and uses it as he only can. You couldn't well find a fault. Percy Lyndal acquitted himself in a praise worthy manner as Mr Dawson, though there was something uncannny in his make-up, and he is hardly meant by nature for such parts. At times, however, he showed very power ful acting. As the wife, Mrs. Brough dressed and acted with charm, the boudoir scene with Maurice (Cecil Ward) being very fine, while that gentleman was quite up to his usual good standard all through. The daughter found a charming representative in Brenda Gibson, who re-apeared after a good holiday. Brough's "Markham" and Lash Gordon's "Meanley" were O.K., and they were ably assisted by Miss Romer as the latter's wife, while G. W. Anson as the ridiculous duel-loving Captain Donoghue was very funny. Spong's settings were A1. Oh! I almost forgot young Titheradge, who made his initial bow to the public as Theodore. He was warmly wel comed, and the cool, self-possessed way in which he played the part showed that talent is hereditary in the family. Enamored, as liu now in with Shakespeare, ft wn nut Burnnnim? that Geo, lligiiohl scngrd Midnuiinnor Night's Dream fur Christmas. It wn a big Job. too, lor tho piecu doe not readily lend itn-lf to thu stage. It was cut uhotit a lot of course, and thu ver dict in— it' a hybrid sort of production, hardly enough tiftiitomime for thu Juvenile and not enough solid for thu grown-ups. A Bottom, George again show hi versatility, whilu thu "property head" belonging to that famous amateur is thu bent thing of it kind ever seen mi the atnge. bputig, by permission of B. and II., assisted in the scene painlinu with Clint, and tho result i ho has turned nut two intcriorH which nrw marvels of art and loveli ness. They alonuaru worth going to sue. Tho support is fait all round, tutu as a spectacular show tho Dream rank high, lliscuok' crowd aru plnymg holiday pro gramme to crush house ut the 0|wr llousu. Good buy 'Arry IticKards is ot thu Bchool uf Art. Tlm M'Mnbmi with SiHxin-Stirks, etc., aru filling tho Exhibition Building. Why won't they allow theatrical posters on thu hoarding round tho Cathtdral ? You havo drink, laud boom and patent medicine adver tisement glaring nt you all athwart, but tho Hnu in drawn at thn theatre. They say that thu contractor was bound down to this by thu goody-goody people. Nicit tbiug, truly. Realty they dn get comparative wonder out of thu Victorian attache. There appears to bu no end to their roix-rtoiru, and (heir versatility, and bill ufter hill come out nlwayn with sou.uthitig tit It smacking of frrhnenf. Wadsley wnrbW, Oibnorn grimaces, Tulloch ticklss Ytii. Whitburn' whimsical ami Matlock' mehxlioun, Afterward thn IVrmau family show their agility u acro bats, tlm Midgut afford somn amusu- nicnt, ami tlieru i n rulhnking flnalo, called A Pleasant Bituation, which plays out thu huunu hnpjuly. They hava a catchy sketch on at thn St, George's this week called u Day In thu Wood. It ia just a vchiclu for introducing several nf tho member ol tlm company iu thrir littlo bit of specialities, and it glides along ptoa Rantlv. Thero'a'a rnpruno there, 1-lorencu Bchuler, whu sing with a lot of downright heartines, ami Holland shows himself a re- timrkabtyunufulnnd talented mao.Tliey coin for more comedy on BAturday, wlmn the Arabian Night will hu produced under Harry Bt. Mnur's direction. I question the judielou. iicss uf this uiDte, though I admiru tho pluck. Briefly let mo say that th Bantlcy concerts arc eucct'sefiii j that BiiaiuiUu ought to bu spun at tho Atliemutim ; that tho Oyclorair.a has its )iatruns, and that tho Waxworks and liuuia draw well. Toole teavoa London for Molbourno on 20th February. . . Billio Elton anil Alfred Mitchell of the "Argus," nro gutting up a cricket match, Btago v. Press. , . Ada Ward loft by tho mail ateatner on Saturday for London. . . Fanny Bimunscn and Armes Beaumont, accompanlc-d by de Buau- puis, thuptani»t, and AdA 'Ornssluy, the con tralto, aru tu give concerts in Tasmania. . . Blmouseu's oprra senioii . at Geelong has been so far successful, and young Bimou- en's debut as a tenor is favorably spoken of by thn "Tlmi'S." . . . Tho Cavtlumaino " Mail " says t— " Mr Frank Litton'sooinpanyof voting Australian drama tists (xirformed tho drama of The Convict, or Woman's Sscrlfics in tho Theatm Royal in the evening tu a very largo huunu." Their efforts do not appear to have bean prodigious. . . Dau Barry is doing well at Wamiam boo). » Solomon's Opera Company have been acovpted by Ballarat. . . Lord Fauntlsroy wm produoed at' Adelaide to a crammed house, . aud received enthu siastically. . » Fitzgerald's Circus is 'geelng" at Adelaide. . . . Front the Launcvston " Examiner" of Friday t— " One of tbe largest, if net the largest, home the Academy of Music has ever held assetnhlrd isst evening to wit ness the opening of Mr Grattan Rlggs's faro- well- dramatic sea»on. , Frank Lincoln opened in Hubart on Xmas Eve, anil Jo Jo in to be thern later on. , . Tho HnliowAy- Uowe combination began their month's season at ITobart most auspiciously on Boxing Night in The World Against Iter. Word comes that Barrel! had a big opening on Boxing Night nt Wellington in Tho Forlorn Hope. . Frank Thornton is at Dunedin, and so it Wirth's circus. . , Tho l'altner-Sillnto llans the Boatman are back from Tasmania , . Tho Brisbane report from Bland Holts, inrut satisfactory business, , , The Wilkin son-St. John Gaiety Burlesque Company are performing through the towns of tbe North- Eastern district of Taaniaoia. . . Danby has gone »o America with the Gaiety crowd. . . . A.W.Pinero acta as judgo in the GreAt Unacted Competition for onc-act play, which is taking place in the London "Weekly Comedy." The winner will receive a gold medal, and his piny will bo performed at a Wi-atEnd thatr<>. , , . Geo. Edwarden' account ol tho private history of Dorothy show that patioucc anil |wr»evcrnco may sometime go nnrcw.uded. Produced at the Giiiety in September, it was kept on tho bill for four month at a return short of working expense. Transferred to tho Prices of Wales's for two months, tho result was again n Iom avenging L'JOO a week. ' Thorn- upon I'dwardr ani Cellier's heroitin parted company, and Mr Lrsliu became th fortunate owner of Dorothy for tho sum ol L1000. How it nub.«equcnily tared with Dorothy during its run ot two years everyone knows.—1 "opurla- 