Ghostly Apparitions. The appearance only to persons who are peculiarly illted for ghllostseeing is one of the pecularitiee of all ghost legends. It Is not everyone that can see.the inhabitants of the inlvisible world, but thoseo whose eyes are oponed, or for those whom the ghost has a feeoling that makes a bond of sympathy, or those whlo by solos pellliarity of birth are better quaillied tuan others for sus n mystic sight, For Instancet, a culld born oil Suniay in Scotlhand is believed to have tills power above all ushers. Tiue " White L'ldy "appears on such ooa. sions in snell manner as lie ohooses, but is also capablo of hesug umulotled by any of her faussly aoording ton presuribed lor..ula and by the poulorsmaoce o1 ourtain rites. Theo " Walteu Lady of Avceel " is only the appl:eation to a particular famlily of a neliel eolemmon ill Scotland where the apparition known in Ireland as Ihoe bandelho is Suown by tbhe same name, but quit as felln the " white lady." In fact, most of the great families in the llighlilnds were supposed to have a do. meoalo spirit who took an interest in their prosperity, and usually intimated an ap. proaulhiig disaster by wailings and uneartly 8ounds of grao. Ilut there was a dillerence in the apparltlon varying with the Oharacter which eaco is supposed to have heold while upon the earth Ilh mortal flesh, out in gaLeral it appeared an an old woman in a mnanule with streatuing hair. A ouperutttson of the same kind is so gene. tally received in the Green Isle that the banshallee is counted ini popular belief to be a peculiarly Irisal redulity. Int Irelaud.there have been various ex-o -plamltlUon?t 'tln' woord-d banebes, most- of shlem eiplainiung it as the "bead of the fairies," or " white fairy ;" but Dr. O'lrien in his Irish dictionary writes," beausighe plural man esighe," thu fairoes, or women tairies oreduloualy supposed by tihe cosnuon people to be so allected to cortal fasuilstes tlhnt tiey are heard to sing mollurnful lalmentations aruuld housus at night whenever ally mom. bar of the faiuily labord under a n ekness wbich is to and in death. dome of the caeca in which tile banshee has appeared are told with an abundance of detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that, althuugh unwilling to believe the tale, it becoose a dltlihoult one to allawer orexplain away. ?i"u bseshee of thoe Bunwrth family as related to thave appeared on the oouaeosn of thI desth of 1tev. Charles Ilunworth, reotur of ilutlevant, ian tihe county Cork, about tile nllddlu of the last century is nuel a ease. Its first appearaneou wIl to one of tile servants nasmed Kavanagh, who coais to the house appiarei.lt it great grief and wringing his hands. " What is it you mean, Kavanagh 1' in quired .lide Ulswuortb. " In it mean 1" said Kivanaghl " the ban. oboe has come from hint, [l anid 'tise ot I alone who have heard her." is ''Tis an idle superstition," said Miess lnnworth. " Maybe so," replied IKavanagh "but as I came turough the glln of lallybeg esle was along with mo, kounihg and screuuhing aid elapping hser halids by suy side every step of the way, with her long white hair falling upon her sheoulders, slid I could hear her ro. peating thile iaster's name every now and thon, as plain as 1 ever heard it. When I came to the old abbey sile parted from me there, and turned into the pigeon field next the burying ground, and folding her cloak about her, down shIe eat under the tree that was atruck by lightning and began to cry so bitterly that it went thlrough onle's heart to hear it." Miss Buvnworth told Itavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought the was doing well, but warned him not to tell tile story to anyooe. hIr. Uantworth, hloweovr, did not progress toward reoovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened until tlhe night of his death, Then there wasa sudden sound utslide tho window near the bad. A rosoe tree was forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was board, accomlpaoled by lapping of hoands, as If of a foemalo n deep alfllation; It seemed as Ii the sound pro. noeoled from a person holding her mouth aloes to tlle window. The lady who eat by the bedside went into an adjoining room and asked the gentlemeon tlhere l they had heard the banehoo, None of them telloved In her ladyship, and they at once instituted a thorouglh investigation, 'lThey walked all around thle lhose, examliling every spot of ground, but thpre was not i seign, not even a footstelop poll te fros oearth of l tihe garden. Upon their return lley were astonishlled to hear tlhat tlhe manlentatlons lhad beoon roe. pealted, anld that thley lhad been mllore marked, and the olapplhg of hands louder than be. fore, During tlie light the slek Itan grow rapidly worsu and expired with thl o lrst glimpa of morning. T?'lhe Iilaond of " Thle alue(artiy," Is tile most peolliar almongi all tile halneloos. The young rlUsn died andl was Islhl oult for noveril hours when lie ualus baulk tol Ile andll lsnisted that lie ied b beo Ilsre the jiudllmelit ieant, but had been liurlilll ted I o colles backlt with the undourttilillig hat three yeulre Ilmr iof life were grantiled Il list which lie e might beioiUno a butter Iaell, Ili hIad beni very wild and dlllipated, ibut roeformed l it ivoi anod lived iln a iIn naturally wotlld who know lhat theI day if lie iluslth was Ilsol, As Ihi tine islesow Illar teuUlnrtlhy's mlotlher cnli lfer lir slIiter Ito be wils iLlhelm ait the eventful imhn. (ie tile way thii lianllnn Ipearevlll, lvig a l I' iU iiIc liii i of llnllnlllla ani d I vaksiig 1l lulld li liii of h i handsl, Tihen they nswl tlhe Iuiltsrs of it tall thin wvOlmaln withI uonovered Islid, ainl hair that Ilaloed around lier shouldlurs, ntlrud in nonl sollihnl whlluh miglht be a loose while clolk or a ihoot, She stood in the way as if to stop them, and motioned to go another way, which they finally went. When they got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that was thought of no importance, but from which he died the very day that the three years was up. Then origin of all these appearanooes and many like them is easy to trace. They go hack, not to classic, but to the old Norse days when Woden, wuom we call Oden, was given a place among the gods, and Frigga was made Ilis consort. Odin became the earliest form of the hunter, who, with his mystic attendants with Ihorn and hounds, was reported to pursue the chase all over northern Europe. His consort in like manner became the white lady who became transformed into a hundred different legends in which the motherly, protecting influence of the divine Irigga is not entirely lost. There are a number of white ladies con. nested with various noble families in Ger. many, but probably the one that is moat re markable and seems to be the most substan. tiated is connected with the royal house of Germany, and is known as the " White lady of the HIohenzollerns." The lady in question is said by all to ,be one of tile ancestresses of the family, but which one is not agreed. There is an abundance of evidence as to her repeated appearances, and no merely ghost story is so well authenticated. She is recorded to have made iher first ap. pearance in 5Ili8, just before the death of the elector, John Gearge. Twenty years later she prognosticated the death of John Sigis mund. In 182!1 she again appeared, and for the first time spoke, uttering these words: " Veni, judica vivoes at mortuos." A paper of that early day records the appearance with this statement : " It is also undeniable that in our times, only a few years ago, in a certain princely house allied to that of Bradenburg, a young prince met with a fatal accident, and that a few days before his death the whit. lady was seen." In ll;ill the white lady was met in the gallery of Berlin, before the death of Anna Sophia, dechles or Brunswick, and again in lc;li7, when she foretold the death of Lousit IIenriotte, wile of the elector, Frederick William. Tihe eubsequnnt appearance, generally boe lioved in by the Germans who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son of the elector. He was laying on his bed in a weak, exhausted condition, with a valet asleep on a mattress near by. Suddenly he heard the hangings divide and saw a tall white lady with outstretched arms anl Ilow. Ing hair, icolining her head toward the bed, and turning from right to left as though she sought something under tihe hangings. At last she discovered the king, and Iier steady eyep looked at himi long in silence. Williamn raised himself and made a movement lier eyes followed him; sihe was unmoved. At that rmoment the clock on a pier table near tile bed rang tile hour and stopped. The lady disappeared. At the name moment a violent noise was heard in tile room adjoining, where were, and now are, placed on kidoebards, tile plates and dishes used in tile fetes of the Prussian king. They all fell with a crash to the floor. The valet awoke. the king cried in accents of terror : "There, there I She went out there I" Andl with bewildered look, hie hand extended, he pointed to the door of the private room. " Who 1" asked the valet, half asleep. " The white lady, I tell you I Go and see which way she went." The valet searched all over thi palace, acnd found no spectre. '" I saw the white lady," said tile king, as though speaking to hint'elf, and covered his face with the bed coverings, Next day he ordered ilia collin and mates thie Queen, his "wife'tcilerin it, in order to see if the size was right. It was his last not of cruelty, for he died that night. Forty years after, lis son, Frederick the Great, died at BSne Souni, and lie, too, saw the white lady. The circulmstances again were remarkable. A picture of the white lady had been painted (it is said by his own hand), which is still In existance, and shows the superstition which was evidently in his mind. Whether he expected to see her or not, she camne. SGnoe evening just at nightfall Frederick was alone in the library standing before a musio stand which lie used when playing the flute. The door opened and the whlite lady traversad the room wi'hout looking at him. For a moment he did not know what to do. Then ihe followed lier; he opened thec'oor and followed her from room to room without reaching Iher and finally stopped ait thi vestlh bule. The apparition seemed to run over the sand in the circular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned him to come, and disappeared. lie died a few days afterward. The Whlit Lady of Iotenzeollern Is also said to hare acppeared ill ItO before tics death of Fiedcrlek William III; Iln 181i, previous o tihe death of Frederick William 1V., ansd ii tlhe pro. sent year previous to tihe death of the late oe. The conclusion of tile matter is that tlhe super. stilion, born far haock in tle days of paganlsm, has permeated Euiropo cnd still tins imouepower, bit as remarked aic Irish storyteller: " don't Ilenr that lIce Ibealcees go on so eacshI now as tiey did formerly." Huell beliefs must fade oct Ibefore the march of intelligence and knowledge, and yet they are full of a peuccliar interest that nlany will recret their toss eeil it tile day t lcwhen no one will creditor accept them upon any authority what. over. 