[?] OR MARGARET HOUGHTON'S HEROISM CHAPTER XXIII. A NOVELP«rW-|-¥- < " But what ardCjhese 'affSigiTS nT red- wax?" the young man inquired turning his attentterjFftofhrai.. v r> f f | | | " TheseJ-pHntfig to fovri |> A_|fw|— | . " are a||ft|l| Some rarif ( which a mendin Boston allowecf me to take." But how were you atjle tp reproduce them so nicely ?" "I made a mould; or impression of ; plaster of Paris, and then melted my wax A lltancfei iJreprelenl Arthur aslced, taking up a circular tablet that had received a curious impression. . Margaret gave him a swift searching glance ; but he did not observe it. " Oh, that is a little invention of my owj she said, - carelessly. "After mgfBng.aJcopy of the medallions I spoke of, I' conceived the idea of taking the im pression of different kinds of keys. ; I first form my little tobiei: /rom mclfccc wax" — showing him one that was per- fectly plain— "then, whenever I find a- curiously-shaped key, I heat it modera tely and stamp it upon the smooth sur face." . , " Thai is a novel idea." " Yes, and perhaps a foolish one; but I think very few people have any idea of the many curious keys that exist in the world; you perceive I have several that are very .queer. By the way, haven't you something' unique that you would, allow me to take an impression from to put with my collection?" The question was lightly put, but a close observer would would have seen that the young girl was waiting with con siderable interest if not anxiety for his re ply- " I don't know of anything," Arthur answered, plunging hir hands into his pockets and bringing forth several?- keys of various shapes and sizes. Her eyes lighted for a moment as;her quick glance passed from one to another; then a look of disappointment swept over her face. Those are all modern," she said, indifferently. I want something old and queer. Have you no others?" " Yes, I have others ; but nothing very curious, I am afraid, uuless it is one be longing to an old-fashioned valise that was my grand-father's." " Anything will be acceptable. Sup pose son bring all you have around to morrow and let me select from them." She spoke nervously and with an un usual flush on her cheek. " Very well, I will," Arthur replied ; and then he stood watching, while she gath ered up her treasures and carefully re placed them in their case. CHAPTER XXIV. AN INVITATION ACCEPTED. " Will you drive with me this afternoon, Margie ?" Arthur asked, when, after she had arranged the contents of her case to suit her, they went back and resumed their seats.by. the fire." I have to exereise unqle.'Albert' horses every day, and a fellow gets rather lonesome going off by himself" Margaret did not reply to him at once, but stopped to pick up a pin from the floor to hide the sudden pallor of her face Then she lifted her eyes with a glance that was strangely bright ana penetrating, and said : "Thanks ; I think I w'll, since you are so kind as to ask me. Mama has an engagement that will keep her at home this afternoon, and the day is beautiful for driving." Promptly at two, a beautiful carriage to which there were attached a pair of spirited bays, in handsome, silver-moun ted harness, swept up to the door of the Houghton mansion ; and two minutes later.the fair daughter of the house came forth, : looking more beautiful, Arthur thought, as he took his seat beside her, than he had ever seen her before. Just as they were about to start, Mar garet turned to him, and asked: " Arthur will you allow the driver to take us around to Annette's before we go on our drive ? I have a little package that I want to leave there. " "Of course I will, Margie, " he answered smiling,". But where does Annette Jive?" " No. 84, Rue de Blanc. " " Why were those eyes of wonderful blue fixed so intently upon him, as she gave th. street and number?" he asked , himself; ' ? " Ah," he said," 84, Rue de blanc. " " Do you know where it is?" she ques- tionedd'- 1-" I presume the driver does, if I do not. Pierre, do you know where No. 84, Rue de Blanc is?" " Oui, Monsieur." " Then drive me directly there. " They were not long in reaching the Rue de Blanc,- andr as they turned into it; Arthur AspiriwalUswept one swift, com- . prehensive glance down its narrow length. " What a strange street!" he exclaimed " Qne.side ,pr it is teaming with life, the othfer is as? dreary and deserted as if there were no people in the world." " Yes. Were vou never here before?" Margaret asked; "No. " The (jrtyer stopped before No. 84. Mijis J Houghton gave him a small package, fand asked him to leave it - at the door, as he did not wish to get out. He did as he was requested, remounted his box, turned his hores about, and be gan to retrace the way they had come. As they came opposite the narrow alley which had attracted Margaret's I attention a few days previous, and from -vhich she hadfefirt&|t old tqafgifigig, she leaned forward and remarked : " What a gloomy passage ! I wonder tVheVe it" leads ?" " Pierre, where does that allfey lead — gfpn-liat street-f|ugp|tond Arthur of " Rue Castiglione, monsieur." " Rue Castigliont, !" repeated .Margaret ttith falinir lfcsfetftl | MMWTRtAtled j Louis DiaIrtJoiucI Ivife at! Rue Cas- J tiglione. "Margie," said Arthur, suddenly, " I do not think -this is a proper locality for you to frequent." w/i'ynot?" she asked, regarding him with that searching look which 'of late had made him so uncomfortable. " The - reason is self-evident;" he re turned, with a shrug of his : shoulders. " It is certainly very disagreeable here, and, I should say, hardly safe for ladies who wear diamonds, watches, and other finejewellry." " Oh, I never come alone ; mama is al ways with me, and we come in . a close carriage, with a driver." On their return he suddenly asked ; I suppose that unlucky diamond of mine lias not- come to light yet." One of her g loves, which she had been brawing off while waiting for the door to de opened, dropped upon the marble step at her feet. She stooped to pick it up before an swering. " I have not heard either mama or the housemaid say anything about it," al though I know they have searched for it" she said, at length. " Well, I guess I shall have to give it up as lost," Arthur returned, 't while a shade of anxiety crossed his face. " Yet, even if I should never see it again it would be some satisfaction to know how I happened to lose it." Margaret was busy with the fastening of her other glove and did not reply. The servant at that moment answered their ring, and bidding her good-bye, Arthur returned to the carriage and was driven away, wh;le Margaret went directly to her room with a firm, iesolute tread, a hard, steel-like glitter in her lovely eyes. " An ' unlucky' diamond, indeed!" she muttered between her white teeth, as she shut and locked the door after enter ing her chamber. CHAPTER XXV. MR. ASPINWALL BECOMES UNEASY. It was later than usual, the next day when Mrs Houghton's coupe drove into the Rue de Blanc and stopped before the home of her servant, :and the day being cloudy, it was almost dark as she alighted from the carriage. "Jacques, you may go in with me and carry this basket and wait. , until it is emptied, while I see how Annette is; that is, if you are sure that thejiorses will stand quitely while you are gone," Mrs. Houghton said to the driver. "Oui, oui, madame," and he pointed to the heavy weight which he had attached to the bit of one of the noble creatures. " Veay well; we will not be long Margie Mrs. Houghton remarked to her daughter and then the two disappeared within the house. " It will take ten minutes, at least, to unpack that basket," Margaret murmured as she saw the door close after them. " I shall have time to do what I wish. " The next instant the door on the opposite side of the coupe was opened; a slight, darkly-clad figure stepped out upon the ground and sped nimbly across the street in the gathering gloom. She made directly for that narrow alley before mentioned, turned the corner and passed quickly until she came . to the third on the left. She sprang up two or three stone steps, turned the handle, and tried to push the door open. It was locked, as she expected. She bent her head and put her eai to the key hole to listen. There was not a sound within the building; it was as silent as a tomb. She pressed her face close against one of the small, diamond-shaped panes of glass which were upon each side of the entrance, and tried to peer into the gloomy hall, but all was dark as mid night, and she could see nothing. She stepped back down the steps into the alley, and looking upward, counted hree windows, one above an other, and at dormer above those ; showing that the building was more than three storeys high. Then, with a long-drawn sigh, she gli ded like a sombre ghost from the place, sprang across the street beyond, and re gained her seat in the carriage, panting and frightened, just as her mother and the coachman reappeared from the house of Annette's mother: the next moment they were driving towards home. That evening, a dismal, rainy night, Arthur Aspinwall made his appeorance in Houghtons' -parlours at an early hour He found them sitting cosily around a bright wood fire, and busily engaged in disposing of a basket of pSpconf irr true New England fashion.! It was one of those attractive,, home like pictures that do the heart good, and one that is seldom seen in the heart of a foreign city like Paris. Margaret was perfectly lovely in a white eashmere uidglige, with a full ruch- ing of lace about her throat, and fastened with a cascade of white satin ribbons ; a heavy bord, with massive tassels, was drawn about her waist, while her golden hair was gathered into a careless knot at the back of her small head, and fastened with a silver arrow. (To be Continued ,) ..'1 