SPORTING NOTES FROM SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FromOcr Correspondent.) ADELAIDE, Aug. 27. IVc are having: a spell of delightful spring -weather just now, and if it keeps Sue the aext meeting at ilcrphettvilie should be very enjoyable. The accept ances for the handicaps close to day, and judging by thc betting a good deal of uncertainty exists as to the starters in the Hurdle Baoe and Steeplechase. Trainers have been able to send their-tyo-ycar-slds along on the old course lately, but at Slorphettvillo the track is none too good, and as Mr. Browne's agent eeetns very jealous about allowing the course proper to be used, llill and TothitI are not having a rosy time of it. IngHamaldic works on the old course, and is doing bo well that I doubt if the 101b. penalty will prevont her winning the Morphettvills Plate. Parasite, Lady Boris, and Argument should acuta fight it out for places, ae I hear Norwood is not being hurried, and Princess Alice may not be o-er her accident. Both Lady Superior and Adventurous are in some of the handicaps, but the former is doing very little work, and it looks as though Noyler was keeping her for the Oaks. Adven turous is in this race, too, but if she is well Hill will probably try to win a race with her before going to Fiemington. A hoi so that is rat>idly getting into iorm is Nea-stead. The old fellow has dose plenty of work this winter, and looks well on it. Possibly he will have a cut in for the Spring Handicap next week. The Israelite died at Tolarno about a fortnight ago. The little fehow met with an aocident 10 days before his death, and after having recovered to all appear ances, he dropped down dead when being taken out (or exercise, headers of "The Australasian" will rcmeainer the handsome little son of Blue Gown and Siufinder in connection with his Spring Handicap victory in 1SS3, and subsequent forward running in the Oakloigh and Ncwuuukct Handicaps, won by William Tell. Uc was, a racehorse in his day. The proprietors of Tolania j have been unlucky with their staid horses, as in the last few years they have lost Wild Eagle, Topaz, and The Israelite. II r. IV. Gordon thinks be understand! the cause of Tarecna's ignominious displays lately, and has per suaded Mr. Robertson to let bint have her ou lca»e. She is one of the fastc-t mares that ever looked through a bridle, but seems to suffer from some mysterious complaint that shows itself in the most pronounoed fits of nervousness wlitnever the gets to the post for a race. 1 hope Mr. Gordon wnl be able to work the core he is.eo.confldetit about, but I doubt it very much. Backers over here have been supporting Singapore very freely in doubles for the V.11.C. Derby, and now that the colt has been beaten out of a place in Sydney they arc beginning to wonder why they did it. tiara's; withdrawal frtui the Gaul field Cup is another oil appointment for tire public. Tne English purchases for Norphettrille are ex pected to arrive here about the 30th of next msnth. On paper Nautilus looks .a very cheap horse at 7201 guineas, and 11 r. Arthur Yates would also appear to have exercised good judgment in buying the The A.1LG have placed another £500 at fixed de-' posit sines their last meeting. The proposed im provements, which are now in progress, will serve to. increase the popularity of the otmrse. The football match to deride the question rf premiership between the Norwoods and Ports i attracted neatly 10,400 to the Oval on Saturday. The ; Norwoods were the favourites, but a desperate game resulted in a very even tie, the scarce bring 8 coals and 7 behind! to sabh side. The behaviour of both ridss during the hurt quarter was disgraceful Several fights were started and there was no football. This was unlucky for the Ports, who had their opponents i in trouble at the finish, and might have-won had the players stuck to football ami resisted their inclination to fight wntil the game was over. The Athletic-hall was packed last flight to see the fight between Kvatts and Ryan. The place has been greatly improved lately, and I believe tbe takings last night were not far short Of £160. ft was • most one-sided affair, Evans never having the ghost of a chance with Ryan. The latter floored die local hoy every time he hit him, -and iu the third round he dis located hie jaw. This was enourh for Mr. Campbell, who ad vised Evans's seconds to throw ep the sponge. 