THE DAY OF REST. THE SECRET OF POWER IN PRAYER. [By C. B. Sfdbgeon.] " If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in yon, ye fchall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unte you."—John xv., 7. ■ But there is a second qualification mentioned in the text, and yon most not forget it, "and My words abide in you." Bow important then are Christ's words 1 Be ssfd in the fourth verse, " Abide in Me, and I in you," and now as a parallel to this it is, "If ye abide in Dae, and My words abide in yon." What then are Christ's words and Himself identical 7 Yes, practically so. Some talk about Christ being the Master, but as to doctrine they do not care what His word declares. Eo long as their hearts are right towards his person they claim liberty of thought. Ay, bnt this is a mere subterfuge. We casnot separate ChriBt from the Word; for in the first place, He is the Word; and in the next place, bow dare we call Him Master and Lord, and do not the things which He says, and reject the truth which He teaches T We must obey His precepts or He will not accept us as disciples. Especially that precept of love which is the easence of all His words. We must love God and our brethren; yea, we must cherlBh love to all men, and seek their good. Anger and malice must be far from nB. We must walk even as He walked. If Christ's words abide not in tbee, both as to belief and practioo, thou art not in Christ. Christ and His gospel and His commands are one. If thon wilt not have Christ and His words, neither will He have thee nor thy words; but thou shalt ask in vain, thou Bhalt by-and-by give up asking, thou shalt become as a withered branch. Beloved, I am persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though I thus speak. Ob, for (grace to pass through these two-leaved gates, these two golden doors 1 "H ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you." Push through two, and enter Into this large room. "Ye shall arii what ye will, and It Bhall be done unto yon. 1H. It is my last work to try to show why this privilege should be so obtained. This extraordinary power of prayer, why is it given to those who abide in Christ? May what I have to say encourage you to make the glorious attempt to win this pearl o{ great price I Why is It, that by abiding In Christ,1 and having His words abide m us, we get to thla liberty ana prevalence in prayer? I answer, first, becaure of (the fulness of Christ. Yon may very well ask what vou will when you abide In Christ, because whatsoever you may require is already lodged in Him. Good ;Blshop Hall worked out this thought In a famous passage. I will give you the eubBtanoe of It. Do you desire the grace of the 8p!rit ? Go to your Lord's anointing. Do you sesk holiness ? Go to His example. Do yon desire pardon of sin? Look to His blood. Do you need mortification of sin ? Look to His crucifixion. Do you need to he burled to .the world? Go to His tomb. Do you want to feel the fulness of a heavenly life? Behold Bis resurrection. Would you rise above the world? Mark Blsasoenaion. Wonldyou contemplate heavenly things? Bemembsr His session at the right hand of God, and know that Ho bath raised ns|np together, and made ns sit to gether In (heavenly places. I see clearly enough wby the branch gets all It wants while it abides In the stem, slnoe all ft wants is already in the stem, end Is placed there ;for the sake of the branch. What does the blanch want mora than the atem can give 1 If it did want more it could not get it; for It bae no other means of living but by sucking its life out of tbe stem. 0 myjpreclous Lord, if I want any thing which is not in Thee, I desire always to be without it. I desire to be denied a wish which wanders outside of Thyself. But if the supply of my desire is already in Thee for me, why should I go elsewhere 1 Thou art my all; where else should I look ? Beloved," it pleased the Father that in Him should all fulness dwell," and tbe good pleasure of tbe Father is our good pleasure also; we are glad to draw everything from Jesus. We feel sure that, ask what we will, we shall have It, since He hu it ready for us. Tbe next reason for this is the richness of the WordofGod. Catch this thought, " If my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you." The best praying man is tbe man who is most believlngly familiar with the promises of God. After all, prayer is nothing but taking God's promises to him, and saying to Him, " Do as Thou bast said." Prayer is the promise thus utilized. A prayer which is not based on a promise has no true foundation. If I go to; tbe Bank .with out a cheque I need not expect to get money; it is the "order to pay" which is my power inside the Bank, and my warant for expecting to receive. |You that have Christ's words abiding in Jyou are equipped with those things which tbe Lord regards with attention. If the Word of God abideth in yon, you are the man that can pray, because you meet the great God with His own words, and thus over, come omnipotence. Tou put your finger down upon tbe very lines, and say, "Bo as Thou hast said." This Is the best praying in all the world. O beloved, be filled with God's Word. Htudy what Jesus has said, what tbe Holy Ghost has left on record in this divinely Inspired Book, and in proportion as you feed on the Word, and are filled with the Word, and retain the Word in your faith, and obey the Word in your life—in that proportion yon will be a masterman in the art of prayer. Tou nave acquired skill as a wrestler with the covenant angel in pro portion as you can plead the promises of yonr faith ful God. Be well instructed in the doctrines of grace, and let tbe Word of Christ dwell In yon richly, that yon may know how to prevail at the throne of grace. Abiding In Christ, and His words abiding In you, are like the right hand and the left hand of Hoses, which were held up in prayer, eo that Amelek was smitten, Israel waa delivered, and God was glorified. Let us go a little further; you still may say yon do not quits see why a man abides In Christ, and in whom Christ's words labide, should be allowed to ask what be wills, and it shall be done unto him. I answer you again ; ;it is so, because in such a man as that there is a predominance of grace which causes him to have a renewed will, which is accord ing to tbe will of God. Suppose a man of God is in prayer, and he thinks that such and such a thing Is desirable, yet he remembers that he is nothing but a babe in tbe presence of his all.wise Father, and so he bows his will, and 'asks as a favour to be taught what to wilL Though God bids him ask what he wills, be shrinks and cries," My Lord, here isa request which I am not quite|clear about As far as I can judge, it Is a desirable ;thlng, and I will It; but Lord, lam not fit to judge for myself, and therefore, I pray Tbee, give not as I will, but^s Thou wilt" Do you not see that, when we are in Bucb a condition as this, our real will is God's will. Deep down in our hearts we will only that which theLord Himself |wills ; and what is this but to ask what we will, and ft Is done to us. It becomes safe for God to say to the sanctified soul," Ask what thou wilt, and it shall be done unto thee." The heavenly instincts of that man lead him right, the grace that hi within his aonl thrusts down all covetouB lastinga and foul desires, and his will la the actual shadow of God's will. The spiritual life is master in him, and so bis aspirations are holy, heavenly. Godlike. Be has been made /a partaker of the Divine nature; and as a son is like his father, so now In desire and will he is one with his God, Ab the echo answers to the voice, so does the renewed heart echo the mind of the Lord. |Our desires are reflected beams of the Divine will; ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be even so. You clearly see that the Holy God cannot pick no a common man in the street, and say to him, " I will give you whatsoever you will." What would he ask for ? He would ask for a good drink, or permission to enjoy himself in evil lust. It would be (very un safe Co trust the moat of men with this penult. But when the Lord has taken a man, and has new-made him, has quickened him Into newness of life, and has formed hfm in the image of his dear Son, then he can trust him 1 Behold, the great Father treats us in our measure as He treats His Firstborn. Jesus could say, " I know that thou heareat Me alwaysand the Lord is educating ns to the self same assurance. We can say with one of old, "My God will hear me." Do not your mouths |water for this privilege of prevailing prayer? Do not your heartB long to get at this ? It is by the way of noli nets, it Is by the way of union to Christ, It Is] by the way of a permanent abiding in Him, and an obedient holding fast of His truth, that you are to ccme to thlsprlvilege. Behold the only safe and true way. When once that way is really trodden, it is a most sure and effectual way of gaining substan tial power In prayer. I have not quite done. A man will succeed in prayer when nis faith is strong; and this is the case with those who abide in Jesus. It Is faith that pre vails in prayer. The real eloquence of prayer is a believing desire. " All things are posrtble to him that belleveth." A man abiding in Christ with Cbifst'a words abiding In him, is eminently a believer, and consequently eminently successful In prayer. He has strong faith indeed, for hiB faith has brought him into vital contact with Christ, and he is therefore at the source of every blessing, and may drink to his full at the well itself. Such a man, once more, will also possess "the in dwelling of the 8plrft of God. If we abide in Christ, and His words abide in ns, then the Holy Ghost has come and taken np bis residence in us; and Jwhat better help in prayer can we have ? It is not a won derful thing that the Holy Ghost himself maketh intercession in the Saints according to the will of God? He " maketh intercession for us with green ings that cannot be uttered." What man knoweth the mind of a man save the spirit of a man? The Spirit of God knows the mind of God, and He works in ns to will that God wills, so that a believing man's prayer is God's purpose reflected in the soul as in a mirror. The eternal decrees of God project their shadows over the hearts of godly men in the form of prayer. What God intends to do He tells unto His servants by inclining them to ask Him to do what He Himself is resolved to do. God says, "I will do this and that [" but then He adds, "For this will I be enquired of by the house of Israel to do It for them." How clear it is that if we abide in Christ, and His words abide In ns, we may ask what we will. For we shall only ask "what the Spirit of God moves ns to ask, and tit were Impossible that God the Holy Ghost and God the Father should bs at cross.purposes with one another. What the one prompts us to ask, the other has assuredly deter mined to bestow. I struck ont a Dine just now to which I must return for a single moment. I Beloved, do yon not know that when we abide in Christ, and |His words abide in ns, the Father looks upon us with the asm') - e>e with whico He looks upon tii < dear -»on 1 Christ i" the t ne, and the Tine Inc'ud-s the branches. The branch! e are a port ot the Tine. God, therefore, looks upon ns as a part ot Christ—members of His hoc;, of His flesh and 'of His bones. Such fa the Foth r's lore to Jesus that He denies Him nothing. He was obedient to death, even the death of the cross; therefore doth His Father lore Him, as the God- man Mediator, and He will grant Him all His petitions. And it is so, that when yon and I are in real anion to Christ, the Lord God looks upon as in - the same way as He looks on Jems, and says to as, "I will deny yon nothing; ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done onto yon!" So do I under stand the text I call yonr attention to the fact that in the fifteenth chapter, the ninth Terse, which I did not reads this morning, runs thus " As the Father hath loTed me, so have I loved yon." The same love which God gives to His Son, the Son gives to ns; and therefore we are dwellers in the love of the Father and of the Son. How can our prayers be rejected ? Will not infinite love have respect nnto onr petitions ? O, dear brother in Christ, if thy prayer speed not at the throne, snspect that there 1b some sin that hinders them ; thy Father's love eees s necessity for chastening thee this way. If thou dost not abide in Christ, how canst thon hope to pray successfully? If thou dost pick end choose His words, and doubt thiB, and donbt that, bow canst tbon hope to Bpeed at the throne ? If thou art wilfully disobedient to any one of his words, will not this account for failure id prayer ? But abide thou in Christ, and take fast hold upon His words, and be altogether His disciple, then Shalt tbon he heard of Him. Fitting at Jesus' feet, bear ing His words, thou mayest lift up thine eyas to His dear face, and say, " My Lord, near me now;" and He will answer thee graciously. He will say onto thee, '• I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee. Ask what thou wilt, and it shall be done unto thee." Oh. for power at the mercy seat. Beloved friends, do not hear this sermon and then go away and forget it. Do try to reach this place of boundless influence. What a Church we should be if you were all mighty in prayer. Dear children of God, do you want to be half- starved 1 Beloved brethren, do yon desire to be poor, little, puny, drivel ling children, who will never grow into men ? I pray you, aspire tobe strong in the Lord, and to enjoy this exceedingly high privilege. What an army would you be if you ail had this power with God in prayer I It is within your reach, ye children of God I Only abide in Christ, and let His words abide in yon, and then this special privilege will be yours. These are not irksome duties, but they are in themselves a joy. Go in for tbem with yonr whole heart, and then von shall get this added to yon, that you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done nnto yon. Unhappily, to a portion of this congregation my text says nothing at all; for some of you are not even in Christ, and therefore you cannot abide in Him. Oh, Birs, what shall I iay to you ? You seem to me to miss a very heaven even now. If there were no bell hereafter, it is hell enouih not to know what it ia to prevail with God in prayer, not to know the choice privilege of abiding in Him, audi His words abiding in you. Yonr first matter ia that you believe in Jesus Christ to the saving of your sou's, yielding your souls to His cleansing, your lives to Bis Government. God hath sent Him forth as a Saviour; accept Him. Deceive Him as yonr Teacher ; yield yourself np to Him as your Master. May His gracious Spirit come and do this work upon you now ; and then, after this, but not before, yon may aspire to this honour. FirBt of all—" Ye must be born again." I cannot say to you as yon are now, " Grow," because you will only grow a bigger sinner. However much yon may be developed, yon will only develop what is in yon; and thet 1b, tha heir of wrath will become more and more the chilli of evil. Yon mnst be made anew in Christ; there must be an absolute change, a reversal of all the currents of nature, a making you a new creature in CbriBt Jeans; and then you may aspire to abide-in'. Christ and let His words abide in you, and the eon sequent prevalence with God in prayer ahall be youra. Gracious Lord, help ns this morning. Poor crea tures as we are, we can only lie at Thy feet. Coma thyself, and nplift ns to Thyself, for Thy mercy's sake I Amen. 