Footlight Flashes. She Stoops to Conquer hath been pro duced at the Criterion playhouse, and will, we protest/ be found vastly amusing. r Which ia our Goldamithian way o£ an nouncing that B. and B. have scored another triumph. Tne oosy little Cri. ia becoming known as tho home of old English comedy, which' indeed appears to find much favour with Sydney theatre goers just bow. Thia ia a healthy sign. The modern speotacular show, with its 'real water,' 'real rain,' 'han- som cabs,' ifca frightful railway accidents and appalling steam-boat ex plosions,. ' battle, murder, and sudden death, is all very well in itB way, but the humour of Goldsmith, of Fielding, and of Sheridan compared with that of the modern playwrights is as the ' nut-brown ale ' of a hundred years ago beside the 'Colonial wallop' with which we are familiar in ?Sydney. Our morning contemporary, in noticing the latest change of bill at the Cri , 8Bk8 : — ' What matters it that Olm r Goldsmith, poet, historian, drama tilt, physician, is no more ? , What matteis it tbat this accomplished and many-sided man died in his intellecbaa ' prime— a victim to tho bailiff and the ex ' tortionate landlady ?' From which we infer tbat tbe Hebald has ' been con ./suiting the office Enoy cloptedia. But w ay ' these enigmatical queries ? Had Gold emith not died in his ' intellectual prime,' he might have given us more such comediesaB Bhe Btoops to Conquer and T7ie Good-natured Man, and we could have done with them. Lang before the cnitain rose on Thursday evening every , seat in the house was filled, and tho usual row of unfortunateB, too late for stalls, had to put up with standing room only. The ale-houBe scene waa greeted with thunders cf applause. It deserved it. _ It ia a thou sand pitieB thoBe quaint old inna have dis appeared before ' the march ot progresB.' The modern 'hotel,' with its mirrors, paint, gilding, lavish display of glasses and bottles and elaborate get up. Atten dant Hebe is a pretty poor substitute for such a kitchen as Tony and his- friends loved to hold their nightly free-and- oasy in. The picture presented by these jolly dogs, carousing at the table in the ruddy glow from the great open fireplace, is alone ' worth going to see. By why, oh 1 why do stage revellers invariably get full inside on nothing ? It ia a pretty diffi cult thing to make believe you are diinking, and the sham never de ceives an audience for one instant. To tbe spectator who doeB not entertain blue ribbon views nothing ia more exasperating than to see a jovial party of rojBterera getting merry by the aid of empty goblets and 'property' glasses witb nothing in them. Mr.' Brongh, who has shown such a refreshing disregard for stage conventionalities, might well pander over theae woida; and if he cannot see hiB way clear to ' Bhout ?' real pnnoh for itbe boys, let tnem nave Deer, or com tea, or coloured water, or something moist, anyway. The scene showing '* apartments in Hardcastle'a mansion' is another f delightful bit of 'realism' of the best j kind. The furniture, fitting-up and general appearance of the rooms are all perfect, and the effect iB most striking. A more charming Miss Haidcastle than Mrs. Brough _ makes it would be hard to imagine. No wonder Marlow was mashed. The part iB played with a grace, archneBB, and vivaeity almost indescribable. Misa Hard castle when she first makes her appearance is attired in a ravishing costume of blue silk, very much decollete, as was the fashion of the time, and whioh beoomes its fair wearer ao admirably that the question will arise, Is modern dressmaking a failure ? But we are getting into deep j water, and had better say no more. Tha | male mind ia hardly fitted to wreatle with these problems. Miss Bomeria admirable aa ! Jure. HardcaBtle. iter get-up is exoellent, and her acting easy, natural, and entirely free from staginess. The part is one which is too frequently exaggerated, and indeed it presents endless temptations in tbat direotion. But MiaB Bomsr carefully avoids over-colouring, and ; presents ua with a life-like portrait of a vain, empty-headed, and rather antiquated woman of fashion, a type long since passed f away, Mies Gillmore, who created suoh a flatter amongst the Sydney dudes as 'Joseph's sweetheart,' makes a capti vating Misa Neville, although the role of the rustic beauty, it must be confessed, suited her far better. Mr. Brough'a Tony Lnmpkin ia one of the best it has been our fortune in the course of a pretty extensive I experience to meet. A greater contrast pthan Tony Lumpkin and Parson Adams it woW.-J.be hard to find, and yet Mr. Brough shines In both parts. His Tony is a rol licking young squire, full of animal and fond of other kinds of spirits, passionately. j devoted to his horses and his dogB, and particularly partial to punch and the I society of the regular habitues ot the village alehouse. And yet there is nothing vulgar about the impersonation, nothing that jars. It is a perfectly natural ren i derisg of a part which is too often spoiled, or at least marred, even in the hands of ; actors of expeiience and reputation. Pony's ? eong, 'The Three Jolly Pigeons,' is ' | capitally rang, and helps materially to | render the alehouse business complete. I Mr. Hilton's Mr. Hardcastle is a delicious performance, and vastly superior in our opinion to the same artist's old English country gentleman in Joseph's Sweetheart. The famous ' tankard' scene, in whioh Hardcastle, young Marlow and Hastings take part, is most excellently done; and the exquisite humour of the Iituation so tickled the audience on 'huraday that the performers ran ome risk of having their voioea drowned a the universal laughter. Mr. Lyndal, 'hoae Joseph was so favourably reoeived, lakes quite as great a hit as young larlow, and his scene with the oharmipg lisa Hardcastle kept the house in roars. Nggory is but a small part, but Mr. -eopold makes a great deal of it, playing b with infinite humour. His make-up is ood, hia ' business' better. The minor haiactera are all well taken. B. and B. o not believe in doing things by halves, 'ho Bcenery reflects great credit on Mr. pong, tho costumes are all excellent, aud taitblul reproduction of theso in vogue a mtury ago ; the music is O.K. Peoplu uy it ia easier to praiso than to blame. I a certainly pleasanter, and how is i ossible to blumo where no blamo is ttduhable ? Brough and Bouoioault, by ' tx!-'ell-nce of their company, and their f la tnt'°n t0 cveu mo8C trifling details, jW'Biiiw hostile criticism. As a liver -fi yulntor and gloom dispeller wo can \--fyfily recommend a viBitto the Criterion -T1,1'u Stoops to Conquer holds the y|mds. i! * ? - ? Sri Iho crowds which assembled to do lli 'i'l' to fir0t production of Popitx at .1° l'L°yul lir.ve not fallen away in the |I«B.st, nnd this pretty . littlo opara of Aecocq a runs nightly from start to fiaish J? ! ^ a bitch. Tho Bcenery is, ot course, IS*'' ^autifnl and realistic, and tho music llffij18 already caught on with the public. If0 change of bill is announced, and thorq ?»*eema evory chanoe of tho opora running Hj?r acme time to come. To-morrow night MS'0 performances' will b& givon in the pre KS* C6 Esoellenoy Lord Carrington, rho will certainly, find a temporary cure for a sluggish livor in the duet between Bombardos and P&taquea; which is ' re demanded on an average six times every night, ; ? ? ? 'LA SONNAMBULA,' La Bonnamlula was put on at the New Opera House on Monday night, and drew what must be considered good biz., con sidering the number of counter attrac tions in the field and the tightness of the money market. The pit was full ot musical enthusiasts who had 'parted' tbeir bumble boba, and there waB a fair sprinkling of claw-hammer and dccollets drteses in' the d.c., while every stall was filled long before the show com menced. The plot of Sonnamlula is about as thin as boarding-house Boup, but a great deal more piquant. Am in a, a pleasing young person in short skirts, and with back hair which exoiteB the envy and admiration of all' beholders, i* beloved by Elvino, a gorgeous youth in a red and bine coatume just a little bit sug gestive of the oircus. Muoh of the love making takes place in the preainoe of the villagers, who, like all stage rustics, are ready to dance and ring oa the smallest provocation. All would be well with tbe young couplo, but unfortunately Amina, who is partial to pork cbopB for supper, contracts a bad habit of walking in her sleep. This leads to no end of trouble. Elvino stands it as long as ho can, but when he discovers his lovely young bride in Count Budolpho's bedroom, fast asleep on the Count's four- poster, he felt tbat something had to bo done. Amina wakeB up to find the room full of people, including her scandalised husband, her mother, and a party of those irrepressible villagers. When at last she opens her lovely eyes Bhe appears as muoh astonished as anybody nieeent,and asks in bewildered accents, ' 'Where am I ?' or with other questions of that kind. Elvino bears all this with a four-horse power glare in his eye. He doesn't attempt to conceal his scepticism, and even tbe villagers ap pear to think Amina's stony quite too tbin. This is a decidedly awk ward fix for any young married lady to be in. However, it all comes right in the end. Amina leaves the court with out a stain on her character, so to speak, and makes it up with her once doubting, but always doting, hubby. While they are embracing to soft music, those inde fatigable villagers get up another dance, and although the now reconciled couple might well be expeoted to prefer a little privacy at such a time, they refrain from throwing bricks at the revellers about them, and joy is unconfined. MiBB Lilian Tree's beautiful voice is heard to advantage in the music allotted to Amina, and tho sleep walking buaineBs iB most judiciously managed by this justly popular young lady. Miaa Flora Graupner is over weighted as Lisa. She worked hard on Monday night to make a hit m the part, but her efforts were only partially success ful. Miss Cissy Staunton appeared in the minor role of Teresa. This young lady made a great reputation for herself in Auckland musical ciroles before she joined the ranks of the regular ' profesh,' and we hope to see her cast, ere long, for some more important part than that in whion she made her bow on Monday. Mr. Henry Stookwell (late of the Amy Sherwin Opera Company) is a decided acquisition. He is the poi eeesor of a pleasing tenor, and exhibits as the muoh tried Elvino considerable his trionic ability. His most successful numbers are 'Since I Live for Thee Alone,' 'All, is lost now,' and ' Still so gently.' Signor Buzzi makes a fairly good Budolpho, but sings all his music in Italian, as the time athis disposal was too limited to permit of his learning the English. Mr. John Forde does not ahine witb any great brilliancy as Alessio, but neverthe less contrives to raise a laugh here and there. The scenery is pretty, without being elaborate ; the dresses are tasteful, and the orchestra ii nnder the conduotor ship of Mr. W. T. Harrison (late of W.G. and M.'a oomio opera company). The opera is produced under the direotion of Mr. Henry Bracey, and we can cordially recommend a visit td the new Opera House while Bonnamiula fills the bill. ? ? * At Her Majesty's Theatre the Irish drama, Peep o' Day, was put on aa a stop gap on Saturday night whilst Julius Cffisar is in preparation. Mr. Bignold and Miss Bishop are supported by the com pany in the usual manner. Julius Cmsar, whioh is, we believe, to be mounted with exceptional magnificence, will follow on Saturday next, when His Excellenoy Lord Carrington, F.C., G.C.M.G., &o;„ &o.;, with his suite, out- riders, advance guard, bangers' on, and the usual vice-regal fixings, will shed the light, of his countenance on the fortunate patrons of the theatre who are lnoky enough to secure seats. * * * At the Criterion a grand matinee benefit will be tendered to M. Henri Kowalski on Thursday next, at which His Excellency will be present. The Criterion Comedy Company, the Opera House Opera Com- pany, Professor Kennedy, and all the principal members of the musical and dramatic profession will assist, to show Kowalski what they think of him, and we anticipate a bumper house for the occa- sion. The hon. manager is our esteemed friend, Joe Davis, so nothing is likely to be left undone as far as he is concerned. * * * At the Gaiety Theatre Miss Bosa Towers has been doing very fair business with Iho Shaughraun, that fine old play of Bouoicault's, and the drama throughout is capitally played from lead to super. Miss Towers has pluokily stuok to the wheel, and we truBt is now reaping the reward of her perseverance and assiduity^ The Anglo-American Frolics at the Acadamy of Music have been doing muoh better business than the poor house on Saturday seemed to portend, and the show, whioh is certainly a very exoellent one of its kind, thoroughly deserves it. The orchestra, under the baton of Herr Gnstave K lister, ia a thoroughly good one, and the singing and comic business throughout first-class. Mr. Frank Hawthorne's im personation of tho popular aotor ia itself worth the money to seo, especially hiB imitation of Phil Beok in Madam Midai, whioh is aitiatio and clever. Mr. Wilson is to bo congratulated on the inauguration of the half-price system after 9 o'olook, and we trust that this gentleman's luok, after a lot of oaoillation, will now take an upwaid move, and bear out the^oll pioT oib of tho ' long lano, &o.;' # » # PrnfeBsor Kennedy opened on Saturday nii; lit at tbo b'ohool of Arts, and a regular wave of laughter collapsed tho Hou e during tho entire peiformance. Apart from his skill as a mesmerist, and ho is un doubtedly tho cleverest wo havo ever aeen, Mr. Kennedy yosEcsaes a quiet Amorioan humour, 'whioh ia irresistible, and he seems to bo able to do what ho likeB with his mediums. He presenta an entirely now entertainment, ond everyone should aoe this two .hours cf fun, unmixed, as it is, with a single spark rf vulgarity. o * * The management of the Waxworka do net regret they have engaged Jo- Jo for a lengthy season, as the people do not seem to tire of thia wonderful freak of nature, and always post their money with the feeling that in return they will get full value for it. Neither doeB Jo-Jo seem to tire of the people, and aa a result the Wdx works coffers are overflowing. Besides the dog-faced boy, TJnzie, the Ciroasaian jouth, the electric lady, and a thousand and one other things can be seen at the Waxworks, and believe me the pnblio go to see them, not in ones or twos, but in whole crowds, and we have not yet heard cne dissatisfied person come away. # # .# The Fauet-Perman combination have been doing big business at tbe Haymarket Music Hall during the week. The Bell Valley reflects great credit on the artist who painted it, and looks exceedingly pretty. There were ten numbeis on last - week's programme in the first part, and these were gone through in firat- claas style. Miss Lucy FiBzer sang 'Sweet Btby Nell,' and was awardrd an encore. Miss Bella and Willie Pdrmin executed a eong anddtnee, and had the pleasure of repeating each evening, ia response to the great appUuBe taat greeted their efforts to please. Mi-a B ilia Peima'n also was the recipient of sumercua beautiful bouquets during the w- ek. Johnny Cowen is chock-a- block full or fun, Bnd eeemB to be bis old B'lf again. Eviry night his song 'Phriegtl pste'' keeis the audience in one fit of laughter from the time he Btarte to the time be finishes. George Gardner takes his partso well that he never tires hiB hearers. The mystio shadows gave an entire change, and it is simply marvellous how the business iB done ; it ie alao very amusing. The Perman trio in the second part ia a great 8uccesa in their clog ; per formance; and it is really a treat to see the four executing their several partB. Cowan and Hagon have kept those present in a good humonr with their funny sketch ' The Ghost,' and Eugene I and Ted Faust in tbeir musical aot take a lot of beating, and the droll manner in which . they ao their business keeps you in a fit of langhter. The farce 'Where's Fedora' ends a very enjoyable programme, and has sent the seve lal thousands who have witnessed thiB very clever combination during the paat week home in a good humour. ? ? * Money has to be turned away nightly at the .llhambra Music Hall, and on Monday evening the hall was crowded long before the overture took place. . Mr. Smith always manages to get a new and bright pro gramme, and no one can say that the pnblio do not appreciate his _ energy. Songs by MisBea Lewis, Blackie, and senmer, ana xaessrB. w . nyan, ana d. j. Spencer each received an encore, while the wheezeB, jokes, and songs of Messrs. Keenan, Shipp, Holland, and Belowery served to keep tbe audience in a continued roar of laughter. The amusing afterpiece, The Two Orphans, concluded the firat part of the performance. ? The seoond part of the entertainment was of a highly satis factory nature, and included acrobatic per formances by C. Borani and Sam Keenan ; Irish specialties by E. Shipp ; Ojear Smith in his ventriloquial act ; specialties by Marion Bell ; song and dance sketch creditably performed by Messrs. Dalowery, Craydon, and Holland ; and a couple of good serio-comic songs, which were pleasingly given by Miss Ada Maven. A very aucoeasful and amusing performance was ooncluded by The Tobacconist's Davghter, a farce which sent the audience away with aching sides. ? ? ? Now that the Elite Bink has been burned, the Darlinghurst Bink is the only ot-e left where skaters can go and enjoy themselves, and the 'largest and bast rink it the world ' reaps a rioh harvest in ccneequence. A grand fancy dress carnival will be held to- morrow evening, when, as already announced in these columns, prizes will be awarded to the ladieB aad gentlemen appearing in the handsome it, the moat comical, or the most original dresB, and to those sustaining their characters best. The* prizes will be pre sented at 10 30 p m. The band has been specially augmented for thia carnivaL A grand muoh of all nations will take plaoe at 9 SO p.m., and should alone be worth going to see. Admission has been fixed at the moderate figure of two shillings, and the carnival should be one ot the moat successful ever held in the colony. ? m * Miln plays a season in Adelaide shortly. ? ? ? The Silver King is a big boom at the Melbourne Boyal. ? ? ? Sophie Harris is with Frank Clark's company in^Briabane. 1 ^ TbeStirk-Silbon Company open at Ade laide Boyal on Saturday. ^ Jennie Lee follows the SilbonB at Ade laide Boyal with Jo and the Qrasshopper. m ? ? Aladin will be the Melbourne Boyal pantomime, with Jennie Iiee ia the name pwt. . # Miln leotures to-night on Church and the stage in Mechanics Institute, Launces ton. ? ? ? Charles Warner has produoed Captain Swift at the Princess', Melbourne, with great sucoess. ^ ^ New attractions are nightly filling the Boyal Museum and Grand Palace of Amusement, Melbourne. ? ? » ?? ? Harold Ashton is managing a show at tbe Victoria Hall, Melbourne, whioh is described as perfectly marvellous. * ? ' # Hiscocks' London Pavilion Company bave been accorded a favourable weloome at St. George's Hall, Melbourne* ? ? « ? Tbe'Widdy' iB convulsing orowda at the Melbourne Opera House, and Fun on the Bristol should nave a long run. ? ? ? Hiscooks* Midgets opened in the Town Hall, Adelaide, on Saturday night, under the management of Fred Gunther. ^ ? ? ? Tbe complimentary benefit to Captain De Burgh takes plaoe at the Opera House, Melbourne, on Saturday, and should be a huge BUC068B. ? » ? ' Mr. D. C. Murray gives hia first leoture at the Melbourne Town Hall this evening, when ' Making a Novelist' forma the sub ject of hiB discourse. ? ? ? Alf. Dnmpier and Cathorine BubboII are taking the loading parts in Hamlet, which bus been staged at tho Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, with 8UC0HS8 it ? « ADELrni Theatre, 1 Weat Maitland.— Tho attention of theatrioal agents, looturora, &o.;, in diroofad to tho abovo thontro, whioh haa beon ooiled throughout, making tho aoouatio propertiea complete. Aoknowlodcrod by load ing aotora to be now porfoot in ovory dotail. StHfto mcncuros 44ft by 70ft, and ia furnished with all applianooa re^uiaito. Auditorium ia now oanablo of Boating 1500 poraona. Thia theatre ia tar in advonoo of any ontaldo tho metropolis, the whole being under the poc Bor.il snporviaion of tho leasoo, to whom all. communications mas' bo' addcoaaod.— Titoa. Chaci 'Wont Maitland.* 