CORRESPONDENCUE. [We' do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed by our correepondents.] (to THE EDITOR OP THE KIIL31OtE FREE PRESS.) ,Sra,-althoughthe management of the Elmore Hospital is not only inexorable but brutally obstinate in its determina tion to 'excludda case deserving consideration,' the inhabi tants here; both old and young, are thankful to the Kilmore press-.for.the kind assistance given to ventiltethis pitiable a. t have we done, besides -liberally' contribmitinto the institution, to rouse suchuncharitableness in the thanrge -inerit that is if it at any time possessed a spark of charity -., Sto- refuseadmission.to. an old man that has not many weeks tor live. :At most the expenes his admisiion world entail on'the: institution would be a few shillings weekly, andr would not amount to much when he'wi-l join the majority. A suitable wash, skilfully applied to thesore in his throat, nmy,be as much as can be done for him in a medical way, but even this would afford him temporary ease, and probably, would,. to some extent, lessen the nauseous odour that now emanates from it, which the neighbors say is almost unbearable.- It is lamentable to think that a man who is known as honest and reputable, never did any one any injury, gave employment in a, small way, contributed his quota to build up the colony, and, owing to his industrious disposition not succeeding, heis now helplessly prostrate, unheeded, and in a certain sense almost uncared for, and that while ferocious wild animals in the Roya Park are well housed and attentively cared for. If any of those brutes, whose speciesare so destructive where they roam at large, was noticed to appear gloomy, the best skill would be procured in order that the ravenous monster would regain its former liveliness, and it it happened tobe sinking the greatest diligence would be observed, as for expense it would not be thought of. Unfortunately human beings sufferinz from some of the ills inseparable from hemianity are destitute of the comforts those caged pets abound ia, according to their kind. Our rulers, whether they belo to the despised conservatives or the self vaunted liberals, are ill imbued with a tendency to pander to the various tastes of the wealthy and well-to-do, regardless of expense. Only a week or two ago in Melbourne -the Q?een of the South-a poor woman suffering from puerperal fever would not be admitted into any of the chaein able institutions whichwere founded and aresupported to ease and comfort the afflicted. The cause assigned for her heartless exclusion, lest her disease might infect the other patients, and there was no other accommodation, and this de plorable state of things within close proximity of the Carlton gardens big show, whose iuneral obsequies took place last week. It is easy to learn from the dirge in Thursday's "Are," it wasa failure. ' he amount of money lavished on that gigantic but untimely show would provide accommodation, medical and other comforts for the poor of the colony for many years to come, ia it unreasonable to assert that an effort ought to- be first made to amellorate the condition of all the poor when prostrate with sickness before entering ·n a speculation which turned out in proportion to Its enormous magnitude, to be equally burdensome to thecolosy.. Bloq. this costly show was ncatered on patients with the necessary recommendation were refused admission for wank of room. Many of those unfortunate individuals' hearta were ghddefed when taken out of their rick beds believing they wereging to be properly t? asd3 a4d weew l hopes they would he aoon well again. But, olh how disheartening they must feet, after to them the harassing journey of going to the Alfred ospital, and then to the M3elbeur Hospitat, and to be re fused admission and forced to return to the same comfortltes and very often death bed. Some of' those who are destined to live for a few weeks may. be admitted, but it entirely de pends on a death or a patient discharged, It is true the Mel bourne Press occasiepally writes with spasmodic zeal about how the hospitals are managed or mismanaged.. But their' zeal produces only spray which is soon evaporated in the absorb me importance of free trade and protection, or the determi nation of a Presbyterian Synod to make inroads on our fault-. less Education Act, or the valiant MnI Harper with his zealous adiherents supporting the Presbyterians, and what is still much worse the Roman Catholics as usual are scheming to get in the thin end' of the wedge to rend asunder anAct of Parliament which was placed onthe statute book without spot or wrinkle, which must not be touched by way of amend-. wient while grass grows or water runs. What a prodigy ofP human wisdonLtodevise a measure for educational purposes. which cannot be improved. Every Act of our Legislature bearing on. the population in general' has been found defec-I tive and acknowledged so by those whose duty it was to ad minister it. Pray, Mr Editcr, how many Acts passed, by onr Parliament having a general tendency that hal. not been amended; anduagain.amended. and again almostre d alto gether ty- a new Act, and the. naw- Act rll. to bhe unended∧ it was amended, neverthei it Wt? aow-. ledged by the Government of the.day thst it torY t b amended again. The authorised version of the Bib hasbeen, amended by being-partly revised. But the sacredam f our o Education.Act must be maintained in its integrity. Why It almost.cansed a revolution when, a. Royal Commission was appointed to inquire how it was working. Surely the Holy Ghost must have inspired the Government that devised the, measureand guided the Legislature that passed it into law, and continues to guide every succeeding Parliament respecting this particulazAct, but it might be desecrated. If it is not the work of the Holy Ghost it must be that of an unholy ghost, otherwise such a marvellous phenomenon would be stillunknown. Again,. it is the. business of the ~Melbourne Press to watchtbat France, or our former friends the Germans, don't get a footing in any of the adjacent Pacific islands, or if they do that they only get a small worthless strip. I did admire Germany while it continued its rapacious raids on its neizhbors, but it don't follow the colonies, particularly Vie-. toria, wllallow Germany even a small slice of those islands. Alsoto see that Melbourne is in a position to defend' itselP against a Russian fleet, that all the forts and guns after being'. pronounced in astate of thorough preparedness are really so; that our incomparable soldiers are. as proficient as they are represented to be-; that the general efficiency of the whole of the defences is such that those in command will le able to do without doubt all they say they are ready to do-give the i enemy a warm reception, so that conservatives andliberals alike can go-to bed without a pang of uneasiness respectingi an invasion or being blow'n to eternity. Twenty-eight years. ago France was the only reputed' dangerous nation we lihad to guardagainst, since then we'had'a Russian scare, and several similar ones though not so.alarming; There is also danger it the Germans, whom we loved so much for thrashing their neirhbors,.got a footing near us: we would be in. jeopardy afterwards. The last matter I will allude to (if I can help it), though not the least, the incorrigible Irish. palriots are pro claiming the plan of campaign, and persist in agitaing for Home Rule. Nothing less wilisatisfythose determined agitators= whenrefused: fairrent for theirconstituentsand home Rule for Ireland than to sacrifice their lives on plank beds in dungeons.. Is it not inexplicable honw those paid, selfish patriots are so. reckless-of their lives. We are. informed by telrram, that that champion patriot O'Brien was surrounded by thousands or sympathisers in England when lately arrested. They could not be all Irish or the descendants of Irish.. I think it is a matter worthy of the earnest consideration of the young exuberant Anstralians with their athletic prolivrities, as well as those- rancoerous cliques composed of Irish, English,. Scotch, and some German sycophants to ponder for a few minutces and ask themselves how it is that such a warm reception has been accorded in England-the home of the Lrave and the free-to every discharged criminal Irish patriot. Whether or not it will command their attention it issingular that a discharged patriot from an Irish prison is listened to in' Enzland attentively by as large a multitude as ever assembled within the-precincts of the same enclosure. Whenever Iread' of the- warm we'?come-Jrish.patroits receive from an enthusiastic Englishaudience every organ in-my composition susceptible of feeling is sensibly permeated with a glow of gratitude, and out of the depth of my gratefulness I would' cheerfully take the field if it was necessary to maintain England's unfurld banner of liberty everywhere- except unfortunate Ireland,. re lgardlessof the tortures myrea·mnetcsuatyme aresuflaib in order to recompense- that mighty div-ibion, of Ebgla~Mnd' bestsons who have espoused Ialand's liberation. All these matters an@ hnndreds obothers require the attention. oftheb press, and things go smoothly till another appmalltgdsa* occurs, when there as?s ymptomof the sp? arsemralsimga?- l?ttl eaenetoes in eoolunme o tihe pres?E?toisomethig that w may appear' mse mshriellke, bhu th?-l ltte foam that theaia causesamen subside. ageib, ths coft' foagetaulnesse Maowere, the numbheof usdbeIb in need of attention may' b some excuse fo the lLmeerne Prose to advert soseldom to this-big block on our-cisil.timat but I think it mightdbvot. more of its ability in trying to influence the wealthy-not the benevolent wealthy, they are cheerfully opening their-purse every day, but the parsimonious wealthy, they need to be re-. mind'ed'ilt·forcible- language-to soften. their hearts to assist in making a christian provision for the' indigenr when laid in sick beds. I would not have made such an extendeddigression but trying to point out some of the subjects the prersseem to leave- most at heart at the expense- o suffering humanity. But to return to my theme, upon what principal of justice or humanity did the management of tie Kilmore Hospitale xcltde the subject of my remarks ? Is-its rules so had and fast that there is no discretionary power left to admit unusualcnses. If ever- RIeedy Creek be itself acain it might he- adisebie to, forward its subscriptions to some other institution- where all willshare in'its slessings. I think this is a matter of sufficient importance- for' ministers- of all' denominations- to allude to more frequtntly than they do. Please insert my remarks in the-next issue of the- "FteePrase" and oblige yous faithfully. JrAMES QUIGLEY. Beedy I ee _ __2 _ 89 _ 