Current Events, The Chief Justice has forwarded a 'report to tha Chief Secretary on the oaee of the Hopeful priaonera. : It ia'imderetood that Mr. Archibald Meston —who'is''no mean' expert in the bush—has offered, hie services to . the commiesioner for polioe to''conduct a search for the kanaka who is anppoBed to be infesting the Bnnya district. Mr. Heaton," who proposes to make hisexpe-* dition with one trusty trooper, is willing to bogin at once if tho Government are agreeable. A communication from the secretary of the Jondaryan Divisional Board to tha Chief Inspector of Stock reports that during the present year marsupials have been destroyed in the diatriot at the rate of 3,000 or .4,000 a, month. ;; In the nine months terminating' September 30, 31,398 have heen destroyed, as against 30,124 in the corresponding period of last year, and~21,442 in 1887. I At 6.20 a.m., on October 11, the Central fire station received an alarm of fire" from Bowen-Hills. The brigade at once turned ont, and in 10 minutes had reaohed the scene. They found that a five- roomed cottage was in flames,1 and almost totally destroyed. The fire burnt itself ont soon after the arrival of the brigade, everythingcontained in the place being destroyed. The building was insured for £400 in the Sonth British-Insnranoe Company, bnt the insurance on the contents is unknown. The origin of the fire is unknown. 1 A' preliminary meeting of those interested in the' preservation of town and suburban reserve's, was held in the mayor's room, Town Hall, i on Tuesday, and it waa resolved that the presidents and chairmen of the various local authorities in and around Brisbane and the gentlemen present. at the meeting should form themselves into a committee,' with power to add, for the pre servation of parks and reserves, snd that a sub-committee be formed to draft resolutions and carry put the various arrangements in connection with the public meeting. Arrangements are now in progress for the holding of a Baby Show at the Colnmbia Kink on October 24, 25, and 26. Similar shows re cently held in the southern oities have proved great suocesses, and it is anticipated a large number of ehtrieB will be made here, 33 having already been made, although the committee's offioe for -receiving entries was only opened yesterday, frizes amounting to £100 will be given away,'the largest being the cbampi'on prize of 30 guineas. The class prizes will con sist of £5, £3, £2 prizes, with a special prize of £6 6b. for twins and £3 3s. for Queen's bounty candidates.' A description of the Victorian prize.baby appears on page 3 of thisissne. The barque Scottish Lassie, 852 tons, Cap tain Singer, left Plymouth on July 17, with 253 immigrants on board for Maryborough,, contributing £526 towards their passage money. The English on board nnmber 133 ; Scotch, 71 ; and. 49 Irish Twenty-one English are coming out as assisted passengers, two Sootob,' and 19 Irish, while free immigrants are—107 English,.69 Sootch, and 30 Irish. These are five fnll payers. Classified socially the particu lars ana as follow: 16 married couples, 135' single men, 75 single women, seven male and four female children, and one male and one female infants, making a total of 158 males and 95 females. Dr." W. F. B. Goodridge is the surgeon superintendent, and Mrs. Fowler the matron. The Soottish Lassie is expected to arT rive at Maryborough about the end of this month! For a < long time past the various officers in the Bailway Commissioners' office have been puzzling to acconnt for the petty sums. of money, which have disappeared. from their offloes.'' Various traps were Bet to discover the oulprit by those interested, but all in vain. Sums of money were left on tables, and some one was placed in a position where he could see but could not be seen, bnt the offender was evideatly.wide awake and refused the bait. The officers of the department, from the mysterions manner in whioh the money disappeared, face tiously termedtheunknown thief, toe ghost. Last Saturday week, however, the Ghost was success fully laid and in a most unlocked for manner. On that date it was discovered that a young lad named George Woods, employed in the office, part of whoso duty it was to pay sums due for freight on parcels, sent through the shipping companies, was in the habit of overcharging tho depsrtment to the tune of an odd sixpence or shilling on each parcel.. The boy's father was atonoe informed of the matter and asked to bring the boy with him to the commissioner's offioe. The father promised to do so, but the boy loft home and was not seen again by his father. On Monday week it wsb discovered also that the lad had stolen a oheque for £7 14s. 2d., the property of and Bigned by Mr. W. K. Curtis, railway arbitrator. This ohoque, along with several others, was entrusted to the lad to put in tho post office. The boy opened the letter, and abstracted the oheque. He then attempted to get one of the young messenger boys to oash the oheque, promising him a share of the prooeeds. The boy, however, refused, as he saw Mr. tCnrtis'a name attached to it. Woods said that^the name was not that of tho railway arbitrator, but of another Mr. Curtis, and that he had found the oh :quo. The boy, however, still refused, and some time afterwards informed his superiors of the occurrence. Young Woods then prooeeded to the Parliament build ings where ho attempted to induce a messenger lad to cash the oheque, but " again with out avail., A warrant was then issued by Mr.- Curtis for the arrest of the boy, and one of Y the officers of tho department caught sight of young Woods in Goorge street. He at onoe gavo ohase, and after u stiff run ■uoceeded in oatohing him. After a good deal of struggling the lad was safely brought to the' Kailway Commissioners' office, where be was given into toe custody of tho police. He was brought up at tho court and, after evidence had been taken, was oommitted for trial at the next sittings of the District Court, on the 21st {patent; ' Samuel Johnston, charged with having I canted the death of his wife, Mary Ann John ston, at Paddington, on September 27 last, has been discharged "from the charge of man slaughter. The defendant is now charged with assault upon his wife. A' movement is on foot in the Queensland Irish Volunteers to form a cyclist corps in con nection with the company. It is to be hoped that the energy displayed by the Irish Bri gade will be sustained, and that they will not only form but efficiently maintain their cyclists. The Post and Telegraph Department have decided to lay a telegraphic cable from Thurs day Island to Friday Island, and thence to Goode Island signal station. The lino will bo imported from Great Britain, and laid pro bably within.six months. This will he a great advantage to the shipping, which will be able to signal from Goode Island to Brisbane by means of the line. In the event of a war such a cable would be of inestimable value to the colonies. On Monday the engine and tender of No. 16, up train Maryborough to Gympie, left the rails when entering the points at the Biding at Gundiab, the remainder of the carriages re mained on the rails and very little damage was done.' The main line was completely blocked for some time, and the passengers were transferred to another train and sent on to Gympie. A train was ran np from Maryborough which re turned with the Gympie passengers. The engine and tender were eventually got on to the rails again, and the train went on to its destination. Sir S. W. Griffith was entertained at a pic nic by his supporters in the Assembly on Saturday in the Luoinda, the use of which had been courteously granted by the Chief •Secretary. Daring the trip, presentations 'were, made to the party whips, Messrs. Annear and Bayers. In the case of the former, the presentation took the form of a ladies* brooch for Mrs. Annear as her husband had abBolntely declined to receive any gift himself. Mr.. Bayers who had acted as whip during Mr. Anuear's absence, was presented with a handsome gold watch and chain. The award in the somewhat famous Mulvtua | arbitrationcasehasbeoamadeby the arbitrators, Hon. Thornloe Smith, MLC., and Mr. T. Unmack, H.L.A. From the arbitrators* soli citors, Messrs. Macpherson, Miskin, and Feez, I we learn that the award cannot be lifted before I the party desirous of knowing the award pay the sum of £1,000, theamuunt of the a bitrators* fees. As the Railway Commissioners have no in terest in having the award lifted, and as it is improbable for different reasons that Mr. Mnlvena will lift it. there is likely to be a deadlock. It is understood, although nothing definite has yet been divulged concerning the case, that a large proportion of Mr. Mulvena's claims were disallowed by the arbitrators as they came up for hearing. On i Saturday night, October 12, F. Allbon looked up his general store near the polico station at the Albion, and on Monday morn ing returned to discover what was visible of the building and contents, a mass of charred ruins. No one had invaded^ or was seen to invade the premises in the meantime. So that whatever occasioned the Aire-up -which attracted the attention of the neighbours at 3 a.m. on Monday, will remaia for the present an impenetrable mystery. When first discovered the fire was already well in possession, and so merrily did the flames perform their work that i within 2d minutes everything way demolished. The premisep, which were weatherboards, belonged to Mr. A. S. Leslie, and were, it is believed, fully insured, whilet £400 oovered the stook and fittings. ' In carrying out their polioy of running ex cursion trains on such occasions as may seem to warrant it, the Railway Commissioners have como to the decision that an excursion train to Melbourne during the Melbourne races next mouth would find favour in the oyes of the publio. They have the; efore decided to run an excursion h'aiu which will give people a chance of seeing the famous Melbourne Cud run. The fares for the double journey will bo £10 first-class and £6 17s. 6d. second olass, the tickets to be available for two months. The question of running a mail train to Sydney on Saturday, 26th instant, and Saturday, November 2, for the convenience of those persons who wish to attend theco races is aloo under their consideration. An excursion, traio will ulno be run at the u3ual reduced rates from Ipswich to Sandgate and back to-day (Saturday). The fare for the double journoy has boon fixed at thelow sum of half-a crown. A meeting of thoso interested in the founda- I tion of a sailors* homo in Queensland was held | in the leoture hall of the Towu Hall ou Tues day afternoon. There was a fair attendance of ladies and gentlemen, the Utter including several clergymen of nil denominations. Sir Charles Jj'lley was elected to the obair. The following resolutions wore carried : "That iu the opinion of this meetiug it is desirable to establish a sailors* homo iu Brisbane.** " That Mb ExcoUenoy the Governor be respectfully requested to aot as patron of this institution." " That his Honour Sir Charles Liiley bo asked to aot as president, and Sir Arthur Palmer and Sir S. W. Griffith bo requested to aot as vice presidents of the institution.'* " That the following gentlemen be appointed a committee: (witb power to add) to oarry out the objects of the mooting aiid seoure a suitable building, &o.;: Hon. B. D. Morohead, Captain Heath, Captain Taylor, Messrs. Pinuook, T. Finuey, W. L. G Drew, Hon. Dr. Taylor, M.L. C., Com mander Drako, Tully, Bland, Parry Okeden, A. B. Webster. Son. E. Forrest, M.L.O., C. O'Reilly, Captain Dye, Smith, ColonelRo-s, W Williams, Stonnett, Hon. J. R. Dickson, Hume, Captain Fiuou, Captain Brown, and O. H. Buzaoott." "That subscripiions to dofray expenses, &o.;, shall be handed to the seoretary, Mr Pollock, by whom all money received will be- ackpowledged in the publio ftesa," The Government have accepted fin fo'lowing 1 tenders: For Goondiwindi Bridge, T. Gibs?n ; amount, £249 10b.; time, 13 weeks For the | erection of post and telegraph oftheB at Ada vale, . 0. Arnold; amount, £1,009 10s., in cluding amount for fencing; time, six months. An old man, about G5 years of age, named John O'Donoghue, was brought up at the City Police Court in answer to a charge of indrceatly assaulting a littfe girl 5 years .old, named Mary Emelline Hunt, at Torwood Estate, on the 9 th instant. Mr. Woolcock appeared for the defence. . The * Chief Engineer for the northern and Carpentaria railways {Mr. T. H. Annett) ar rived in Brisbane by the steamer Waroonga on Monday. It is understood that the purpose of Mr. Annett's visit is to conduct some urgent bheiness of an official nature, which requires his presence in BrUbane. Mr. Annett'e visit will in all probability extend over a week. The announcement in the daily Pre?a that the Railway Commissioners had decided to run an excursion train or trains as the case might be to Southport lost Saturday apparently found favour in the eyes of a large number of pf reonB who either had not before visited our somewhat famous seaside resort, or who were willing to embrace the opportunity of a cheap trip to this breezy retreat. The Minister for LandB has been conducting negotiations with the Railway Department for the running of a special train on the 26th instant, in connection with the Crown lands Bale at Cleveland. It is now, however, under stood that the Cleveland railway will sot be I open for traffic until at least the 1st of next I month, and the sale will have to be postponed until after that date. Lieutenant Preston having resigned his position as navigating lieutenant of the Gaynn dab, the Government have, it is understood, appointed Mr. Smith to the vacancy. This gentleman is well known as an officer in the A.U.S.N Company's service, and for some time was captain pf tte Eurimtla. He is a brother of the members of the well known firm of Smith Brothers. The Department of Agriculture has received from the Department of Agriculture, Cape Colony, several kinds of osier seeds. These seeds are,not available for immediate distribu tion, but w ll be sent to the State nurseries from whence, if the plants thrive, the seeds wi 1 be distributed. T to-e seeds have been ob tained with toe view of encouraging basket making and similar occupations in the colony On the 9th instant Constables G. T. Cox and J. Ryan were fined 10s. and 6s. Cd. costs each by the Brisbane Licensing Bench for having, while endeavouring to obtaia convictions against Sunday traders, falsely represented thems Ives to the licensee of the Brunswick Hotel as travellers. The Commissioner of Police took the matter up, as they had acted in direct disob-dience to his orders, and the two constables have since been discharged from the force on a charge of disobedience, giTbe repetition of the tableaux vivants* given' at the Boggo Road Hall, drew another good house on Tuesday. The first performance was in aid of the organ fund of St. Andrew's Church, South Briibaue, and the net proceeds amounted to £20. The entertainmont on Tues day was for *a different object, namely, the genera! fund of St Andrew's, and the perfor mance was honoured by the presence of his Excellency the Governor, Lady Norman, and suite., As there were between 500 and 600 persons present, the funds of St. Andrew's ought to receive a handsome increment A somewhat recently appointed rector of j Church of Eugland parish, not 100 miles from Brisbane, became dis>atUfied with the rectory which .was provided for the accommodation of himself and family and eventually decided to remove to other and more commodious quarters. The flitting took place and a few days ago the churchwardens went to look at the old rectory. They found the doors open, and on entering what was formerly the study found that all the library shelves had been removed. Imagining tbata -mo thief had been at work, they pl<«fed the matter in the bauds of the.de tectives, who speedily traced the missing pro perty to the new residence of the pastor. The result of the inquiries has been reported to the churchwardens, hut it is not yet known what action wil be taken. The second quarterly meeting of the Bris bane United Co-operative Society, Limited, was held on Saturday ev-uing over the Society's store, and a large uutnb.-r of shareholders attended. The secretary r»ad the report and balance- sbch.t, which showed a turn-over during the three months of £1,325 12s. 4d., being an increase of £100 from the first quarter, with a profit fr6ra a >lee of £215 14s. Id. After pay ment of all expenses interest ou capital at 7! per cent, ''wilting off part of the preliminary expenses, and adding u good round sum to the reserve fund, there remained a dividend of lOd. in the £ to be returned to purchasing members, and fid. to purchasing non-members. The report stated tint 45 new members had joined the society- during the quarter, and that 1,110 shareB had been taken up. A final mooting of the Homcrule Delegates Reception Committee, in connection with Mr. Dillon's visit, was held at Mr. F. M'Donnell's a few evenings ago. Dr Mullen was voted to the chair. The hon. secretary sub mitted a report and balance-sheet, audited up i to September 20p which was discussed and ! adopted. The auditors wore Mr. William Bark (secretary Metropolitan Freehold Land aud Building Sooioty) and Mr. Wm. Quinu (conveyancer, Arthur Martin and Company). The total amount raised in Brisbane as the pro ceeds of the public meeting nt.d subscription is £97S 0s. 4d., and three remittances—Port Douglas, Cooktown, and Cairns—£976 5s. 2d ; total, £1,954 5s. 6d. After paying incidental expenses, including £50 rent for Opora House, the committee have transmitted two drafts to Dublin, amounting to £1,500, and have still a balance of £261 18s. to their credit at the Royal Bank.. The balance will probably be kept in hand until aftor the vi-it of SirT. Esmond and John Deasey, and the whole sent home in a final remittance. - 