THEATRE ROYAL. The opening of a new dramatic season at the Theatre Royal will be signalised to-night by the reappearance here of Mr. Chas. Warner and a powerful company in the greatest dramatic success of the year—Henry Pettitt'a sensational and picturesque drama entitled " Hands Across the Sea." In this production a full company is engaged, including the old Adelaide favorite Miss Ada Ward (who has not been here for several years past), Mes dameB EliBe Sydney, F. Olitherow, Nellie Mortyne, H. Paulton. Daisy Fraser, and Miss Graoie Warner, Messrs. Herbert Fleming, Oily Deering, E. B. Russell, A, G. Poulton, Albert Marab, R Stewart, jun>, H, E. Hambro; J, A. Patterson, Brian England, J. Barker, and H, Hi Vincent, With such a combination, and Mr, H. H, Vincent as Btage manager, we have all the assurance needed that the piece will be staged in a style worthy of the reputation of the triumvirate firm who are now ruling the desti nies of theatricals in Australia "Hands Across the Sea," which ran for 10 weeks in succession in Melbourne, and produced the greatest receipts ever taken in the Theatre Royal there, can only keep the stage in Adelaide for a limited period, as Mr. Vincent has brought over no leBS than 400 tons of scenery that will be used in a number of pieces to fol low in rapid succession during the six weeks' Beason. As an evidence that Messrs. William son, Garner, & Muegrove intend to work the Adelaide theatre on the same scale as their other metropolitan houses they have just incurred the cost of laying down an entirely new stage—the most complete in Australia To the uu iniated the stage is merely an ordinary floor, bnt to anyone who bas seen the model as we had an opportunity of doing at the end of last week the stage is in itself a complete work of ofatt. Divided into no less than twenty divisions or "cuts," each of which iB capable of carrying eight or ten "trapB," it can be imagined the skill that is needed in laying it down. There is hardly a square foot in one piece, and worked by elaborate machinery below. " Star" traps, "grave" traps, "ghost slides," and all sorts of other mechanical aid to spectacular illusion are counted within the floor of 73 feet by 43 feet. It is in pantomime especially that these aie needed, and when the next panto mime iB produced here sprites and goblins will be seen appearing and disappearing in the most mysterious aud unearthly fashion, ard with a marvellous rapidity that will as tonish the onlookers. Some of these traps and Blides are so ingeniously contrived that only one or two mechanists in Australia have the secret of making them, and the present stage was designed by Mr. Gahill, the mechanist of our own theatre, with Mr. George Gordon and Mr. Reed, the architect, and the whole was laid down by Mr, Trudgeon, the contractor, in one week. Mr. Vincent states that the work has been completed in a highly oredit able manner, and aB it means the combination of thousands of pieces of kauri pine into one complete mosaic, he regards it as a triumph of stage joinery, and a credit to all who were engaged on the work. The underground con trivances of lifts, drams, and pulleys have yet to be completed, and when this is done and the theatre fitted with an installation of electric light (as it will no donbt be shortly), the Adelaide Theatre will be one of the most perfect in the colonies.- Mr. Warner pro nounces it to be not only one of the best in Australia, but in any part of the world for its size, its lineB of sight, and itB excellent acoustic properties. No doubt the patronB of the theatre will show their appreciation of the efforts to please them which are to be made during the ensuing season by attending in large numbers nightly, 