Painting.a Ghost's Portrait. A very curious story which has been going the rounds of London sccietyis certainly one of the beet authenticated stories of the supernatural, as it is one of the strangest. Suppressinog, as is nusual under the circum stances, the names of the parties concerned, and that of the exact locality wherein the incidents transpired, the narrative runs as follows : A few months ago a young English artist -whom we will call Mr. B- went down to the country seat of Lord X--to pay that gentleman a visit. The houseovas very full, but he was accorded a comfortable and handsome chamber, apparently .ne of the best in the house. He remained for three days, the onlyryoticeable feature about his visit being that each night he was troubled by a horrible dream. He dreamed that he was suddenly awakened by the; entrance of some person into the ro•m, and that on look ing round he saw the apartment brightly illuminated; while at the window=stood a lady, richly dressed, in the act. of throwing something out;' - Her task accomplished, abe turned her face towards the amazed spectator, showing a countenance so :distorted with evitps. sions,-so hideous in its expression,of wicked ncsi, that it thrilled his soul with horror. Ten the light and the dreadful figure disappeared, leaving the artist to imsgine that he had been tormented by a frightful nightmare. Bat, on returning to Landon, his imagination was so haunted by the fearful countenance, thrice seen amid the watches of the night, that he made a sketch of it, which so conveyed the evil expression and revolting aspect of the midnight apparition as to horrify everybody to'whom" he showed it. One day the artist went to make a call on L.rd X--, and that gentleman took him into his picture-gallery to show him some remarkable family portraits. Amongst them, what was the painter's surprire to recognise, In the likeness of a well- drersed and stately lady, the features of his dream visitant, minus the. revolting and wicked expression. "1 have seen that lady," was his involuni tary exclamation, as his eyes rested oii the paotrait. - "Indeed I" said Lord X-.-, smiling; "that is ardly possible, as she died soame thing over a hundred years ago. : Ste was the second wife of my great grandfather. and was anyt ing but a credit to thibe family, for' she was strongly so'prctdl of having murdered her husband's son by his firtt marriage in order to make her own child the heir to the property. = The unfortunate boy broke his neck in a fall from one of the win dowirsf our country seat; and there Is every tea-on to believe that he was precpitated from thewindow by his stepmother." The artist then related the circumstances of his thrice-repeated dream and sent for his sketch, which, so far as features went, was identical wivh the portrait idn L'rd X--'e gallery. He afterwares caiised his sketch to be photographed, and the'lady who told the atory 'aid that she had '-herself seen the photograph, and that the wicked face had haunted her afterwards for days. .Boarder-"Mrs. Smith, I am obliged lo say that I am afraid your pies will break my teeth," " irs. Smith-" tSr, Imade pies be-. for ? you were born." Boarder-" Thati what I suispected." 