AOTA POPULL ? -? ? By The Flaneur. This year St. Patrick's Day in the morning — and more especially in the evening — was celebrated in Australia with greater fervour and vim than it has ever been since Captain Cook first introduced our champion continent to the world. Strictly speaking the great Saint had a triduum time of it; Saturday being devoted to athletics, Sunday to prayer, and Monday to the usual 'feast or1 reason and flaw of soul'— qualified with other spiritual matters too numerous to mention. No thing could have been carried out with greater success than this St. Patrick's mixed triduum, and perhaps the most cheering part of all was to note the manifest union which now exists amongst all true Irishmen in this Ultima Thule of ours. Out of evil cometh good, and the cruel oppression of the old dear- loved land has no doubt been the chief cause of this most desirable concord. The time was when our St. Patrick rejoicings were carried on in a half-hearted way ; a sort of quasi apology being offered in some shape or form for our patriotic orations and the like ; but to-day we deem it an honour to be called Irishmen, and fear no man's frown or scorn while celebrating the truly glorious memory o£ Ireland's patron Saint. All honour to the brave men who stood by their country in her darkest hours. Disunion has ever been the curse of Erin. Ib has done more towards her humiliation and ruin than all the King Billys, or Cut-throat Castlereaghs, or Bloody Ralfours or their brood could ever do; but now that Irishmen are beginning to establish a sort of domestic Home Eule among themselves™ a Eule that counts thou sands of miles as nothing, but each pulse of which acts like an electric shock from pole to pole— now that this Eule is asserting its sway, the National Home Eule must follow a=j certain as the golden dawn follows the darksome clouds of night. Divide et impero, — divide and rule — ha3 long been the crafty aud successful policy of Ireland's oppressors, but that game has been played out at last. United Irishmen will soon rule a United Ireland, and ' the emerald gem of the western world' be re stored to the crown of its lawful owner. It has been wisely said that one of the surest ways for a man to hand his name down to posterity is to cut it into a log and then hide it away in some unused attic-room where ifc is not likely to be found for a thousand years or so. While in life the man who does that may never have had in fluence enough to even get himself kicked by the Soudan donkey ; but the moment the wise men of a thousand years after tumble over the letters on that log they will wrangle, and thump, and kick at eaoh other for the res*; of their lives as to whether the scratcher of the words was a heaven born bard, or a inightj' monarch of olden times. On the othef hand, the really illustrious men ot' to-day, unless they take tho above precaution, will be as forgotten ten centuries hence as if they were eo many nameless oystero ; and, in fact, his torians will worry themselves bald-headed in their v/ild endeavour-3 to prove that no such per sons ever lived at all — witness the fate of Homer, Shakespeare, the Kiama Ghost, and ^the ' Man * — „......._..... .. __ ? ? that struck Buckley.' All persons, therefore, ». who have fully determined to bocomo great men } or women should start off by having their names, I ages, weights, and colours of their country, together with a copy of thoir baptismal certificate, forged in branding-iron form, and then buried in a paddock to ensure thoir meeting with proper consideration and respect at the hands o£ pos- ^ terity. The same thing holds good with the chronicling of great events. To-day Trance medium Tom Walker aayo there wad nothing mystorious about the writing on the wall at King BalshaEnftr's feast at all. Givo Tom a ponny stick of phorsphoruc!, nnd he can writo a similar warning on our Senate walla Joo- day ; but i£ tliia is tested, wo must first take care that tho building is fully insured. Had Sfc. Patrick been in a position to accept the above adviee some yearo Togo he might have saved some of the wise men of! to-day a deal o£ trouble and disputation. Not & soul alive, for instance, can oay for certain what country can justly claim the honour oC his birth. In a small way he seems to have anticipated my prudent suggestion (this in Abigaliau), i'or he wrote that Britannia? was his country, and his father had a little free selection at Bonavem. TabornitQ, but this only makes the confusion worse confounded, for none of us can really eay whether these places were in Killaloo or Kamaschatka. Pliny speaka of a tribe called Brittani (one n and two t'a this time— those ancients spelt worse than Abi gail or Davies), and he says this tribe dwelt in northern France, but then Pliny alco speaks of frogs with four heads and 15ft. tails that wore Dundreary whiskers and climbed trees, and Pliny was a most unreliable cable-correopondenfc old heathen altogether. St. Fiacc asserts St. Patrick was born at Nem« thur— now Dumbarton, and I think our eminent Irish historian, Cardinal Moran, favours this idea also. Sir John Eobertaon swears that St. Patrick was a Scotchman, and reels ofi some very fluest Volapuk in proof thereof whenever hia notion 23 contradicted, while Dawvid Buchanan bases hia belief in the Dumbarton theory on the fact that he was present at the time, and went to school with St. Patrick also. I rather fancy Davy went to school vrith froggie Pliny as well, for there is a deal of similarity at times in the style in which they doal with facts mentioned in their writings. It seems very certain, however, fchafc St. Patrick really was born ; that the event oc curred about the year 387 (a very long time ago to be born, indeed) $ that he was kidnapped ia France in 403, and sold as a slave to one Mileho, a pork-raiser of Dalriada, county Antrim. This gives colour to the notion that ' Tummy' Walee* may be a relation of the Saint — or, more probably, of the pork-raiser, for ' Tummy' lays his claim to to the Crown through the Stuarts, who were the descendants of a family in Dalriada. (Thi& genealogy is getting more mixed than ever.) Another brilliant authority on fchis porplesingr matter dropped into poetry, and informed the public of his time that— ' St. Patrick was a jiufcleman And caiuo irom duciut people j' and furthermore that he-~ ' —built a church in Dublin town And on it put a ateopla.' But I fear there was a deal of the ' Plinj'' aBou-t this poet also. The time will come when some one down here will rise to point out that St. Patrick was a native of Bathurst, or Bourke, or some other ' cornstalk' town, and he will be able to bring strong evidence to prove his theory also. St Patrick's other name was ' Succat,' which, means ' strong in battle,' and our daring deeds in the Soudan can be adduced to show that no one could possibly deserve such a title except a native of the nation that caught the Soudan donkey and earned a glorious victory over the Soudan goat.. While in France that giddy young gentleman,. / Master Tommy Moore, added his share to the^ / | trouble, for he arranged a St. Patrick banquet in' i Paris at which about 60 friends and admirers of the saint sat down and had quite a high old time \ all to themselves, and speaking of this, Master Tom in his diary says : ' In my speech the manner in which I applied the circumstance of St. Patrick's name, meaning originally the Devil, had a particularly good effect.' What authority Erin's bard had for this I do not know ; but I fear the company didn't stickle much for authority that night ; for another entry says : ' About sis or seven drunken fools remained after the party broke up on Saturday, and disgraced it by a quarrel, which made it necessary to call the gens d'armes—-' who, I presume, sang ' We run 'em in' with quite a3 much fervour as the pair of worthies do in Offenbach's little opera. Of one thin j', however, there can be no doubt whatever, few of its great apostles have done more to spread Christianity than the illustrious St Patrick, for he taught its heavenly doctrine to the Irish, and the Irish have taught it to the world Every Irishman is a born orator (more or leas), and there is strong proof that a deal of St. Patrick's influence was due to the wondrous rich ness and charm of his oratory, for one of Erin's bright bard3 has sounded his praises aa an orator, in those inspired words which tell that : While ho ^^ mon say that tho refluent tido On tho shoro by Calpa coasod to sinn ; ?:?? ? They say the whito deer by Mulla's side »tt. *fi th?£r0°n mai- fro bonding forebore to drink ; \- 'hat tho Bcnudou oajrlo forgot fco soar ? That no loaf stirred in the wood3 oi Lea. Such stupor hung- tho inland o'or, For none might guosa what tho ond would bo. Mis voices oouncled on liko a throbbing flood That swells fill night ftttm scimo f«-otE wood. ? And when it waa ended -that woudrotifi strain invisible nvyriadc broathod ' Amon I' ' Wondrous words; aud well worthy of tlie im mortal saint whose fond memory the wide world has just bo enthusiastically celebrated. Very apropos to our leading theme to-day is a par. from a home paper which says that a re porter, speaking of the Irish constable, Jeremiah Sullivan, to a Hibernian acquaintance of some learning, observed— ' How is it that your people, who are popularly supposed not to spend much time reading the Scriptures, call about half their children Jeremiahs or Jewries? Wliat Has made this prophet so popular in Ireland ?' ' Oh,' said He, '' they are not Jeremiahs at all ; they are Diarmuids or Dermots, called after the famous Diarrauid O'Duibhne, from whom half the families iu Ireland and Scotland are supposed to be de scended. But the ' slender D' of the Irish gram marians— i.e , the c D' before the ' e' or ci' 'being sounded something like ' J,' Diarmuid haa come to be considered the Irish for Jeremiah, and is always so 'translated.' ' If this is true, men should be proud to bear the name of the great Diarmuid, Dermot, or Jere miah1 j but I fear that a few young bloods object to iisj even as some do to Patrick, and Idve to be Called Reginald Montmorenci instead. That pressman got wild over the business, how ever, and complained that so long as the practice or translation is confined to Christian names it does not ma.tter much, but the thing is carried a trifle too far when the O'Mulligan (O'Moolagain) 'translates himself into Baldwin' ( where' s the balloon man now F), because Mool means 'bald;' for, in cases like this, the ethnologist of the future is apt to break his neck over the trouble by mis. taking tlae shamefaced Gael for a sanguinary Saxon. The O'Mulligan occasionally transmogrifi cates himself into a Frenchman and becomes ee Mons. Molyneux ' (kolas ! and likewise hodad I) ; and I have heard of a Moran (certainly no rela tion to our patriotic Cardinal) who insisted on Frenchifying his name by calling it Mo-raw- — with the accent on the ran j and he once put the latter part of his name into acoive practice when £b Carlow man offered to batter in his empty skull for his unpatriotic impertinence. O'Birn and 0' Brian, of Boscoinmon and Wick low, are Gometini9s called O'Beirne and Q'Byrne, respectively j and it is eaid the Birons and Byrons are merely Frenchified versions of the former names i But I think it is giving us just a trifle too ihucb. o£ a good thing when Mrs; Honora O'Brian insists on being addressed as ' Madame Helen O'Breong.' The O'Daroys and MacOareys, of Connaught (onco called the 'Darkeys,' through the Gaelic ' c ' being hard), are credited with having assumed the name and arms oE D'Arcy from the well-known Meath family of that name, whose Norman origin ia undoubted, and there can be no doubt about the Folis being from the same tough old stock as our own champion 'Larry' Foley. Mf Mullen is about the greatest offender of the lot, for he has twisted and twirled his name around until no one can teil whether he is aChoctaw Indian or a Llama priest. 'Mullins' is pardonable ; but when it comes to DesmoixlinBj J or Demoleyne, the ghost of old Brian Bora must 2eel mad enough to swoop down and eat the traitors raw. The M'Carthys, O'Sullivans, O'Keeffes, and O'Callahans hold well to their aneient names ; and well they might, too, £oi« they eome direct from King Aengus, the first Christian King of Munster j but when we talk oil ** rale owld ancestry' all must go down before the hero of: whom it is sung 41 His ancestors were Iringa beforo Mobo3 waa born ; His mother descended from Great Qrana Uaile ; He laughed all tho Blakes and the Frenclioo to scorn, They were mushrooms oomparecl to owld Larry M'Halo.' In the foregoing I have mentioned Connaught aud the Soudan. Few would imagine that there was any affinity between two lands so far apart, and peopled with men so different in customs and eolour, but there is apparently one touch which makes them kin, to a certain extent. In a most interesting letter from a ' wounded Hussar' who fought at Suakim, we read — ' One of my comrades cut an Arab horseman's right arm oft, but to show the pluck we had to contend against, this brave fellow caught his eword with hie left hand, and, rushing forward with a fierce shout of defiance, fought until he succumbed to his wounds.' These are the men of whom Lord Wolseley in a recent speech said, ' If I could only drill a regi ment o£ thece same enemies of ours, nothing could withstand them but the 88th Oonnaughi Bangers.' Those are also the men alluded to in Queen Victoria's twaddling Parliament Speech as being ' happily conquered.' Why or how the extermination of such a race of brave, true heart od patiiots could be happily clone is a matter which none but a fusty-brained old English Con servative Minioter oould undoKtond j but, ' hap pily' again, theao Arab heroen are not conquered, g,nd nevos will bo co long cs they can UG3 even Talking of all those heroes reminds iiie of a good story (not disgustingly overburdened with truth, I fancy) winch txint lamented old come dian, John Dunn, used to tell touching an ad venture he once had in the Southern Sop.rj. It seems John -was cruising round with a a piratical sort of skipper named Thompson, when his MoBt Sacred Majecfcy the King of the Sand xviek Islands came on board the lugger and was received with the usual hospitalities, which chiefly consist of tobacco arid trade rum. While the revelry was at its height Thompson turned to Dunn suddenly and whispered, ' John, how would you like to kick a real live king ?' John being a staunch democrat, at once replied, ' Nothing would give me greater pleasure— kick fifty kings if I could get a chance at them.' Thompson then filled up a perfect ' bath' of rum for his titled guost, aud when it was sur rounded said, 'Your Majesty, my friend Mr. Dunn, here, is one of the wealthiest men in America, and intends to run for Congress as soon as he returns.; How, the State for which he ia nominated is intensely democratic, find, therefore, I ask you, as a special favour, to allow him to kick you.' Kahlee-Warooki-Te-Makoomba, or the ' Mighty - Monarch - With - Five - Hundred Wives-And-No-Shii't/' seemed a trifle uneasy on hearing this, and was sliding off to get behind a cask, when Thompson grabbed him again and said, 'Thanks. I see your fine perception enable8 you to apprehend that once it ia known in a democratic State that John Dunn kicked a king his retvirn is a foregone conclusion.' Thio flatter ing speech, and another ' bi-hn tiler/' induced the monarch to assume a position suitable lor kick' ing, and Dunn, taking a short run, caught him a ' goaler' that would have shaken the side of a man-of-war. Beforo the monarch could recover, a spirit of devilment had seized tie crew, and they all kicked with a viin until the fifteenth man got ready, when his sacred but most unfortunate ma jesty looked pitifully round and asked, ' Good golly ! Hovv many more ob you fellers goin' t - run for Congress, eh ?' Numerous answers have rolled in during the past week to our algebraic posers, and our athletes can rely on aa improved programme for our next issue. 