THE DAY WILL GOME. By M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret," "Vixen," " Ishuaee," "Like and Un like," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, he. f!FT AFTER YIH. " Poor girl ! put on thy stifling widow's weed, And 'scape at once from Hope's accursed bands ; To-day thou wilt not see liim, nor to-morrow, And the next day will be a day of sorrow." Life falls back into old grooves after calamities tho most stupendous. After fires—after plagues — after earthquakes — peoplo breakfast and dine, marry and are given in marriage. A . few moro graves testify to the fever that has decimated a city; a ruined village hero and there along the smiling southern shore, sheUs that wero once houses, churches beneath whose shivered domes no worshipper daro over kneel again, bear witness to the earthquake ; but tho mono tonous common-placo of life goos on all tho same in city aud village, on hill and sea shore. And so when Godfrey Cnrmiohael was laid in his grave, when the police had exhausted their ingenuity in the vain endeavor to fathom tho secret of his death— when tho coroner had ad journed and again adjourned liis inquiry, and the open verdict had been pronounced, life in Cheriton Houso resumed its old order, and the room in which the bridegroom had lain murdered at the feet of tho bride was again thrown open to the sun and air, and to tho sound of voices, and to the going and coming of daily life. Lady Cheriton would havo liad the room closed, for a year at least, sho pleaded; but her husband told her that to moko it a sealed chamber now would bo to throw it out of 1130 for his lifetime. "If wo once let servants aud people think and talk of it as a haunted room nobody will over liko to occupy it again so long as this houso stands," lie said. "Stories' will bo invented — thoso things shape themselves' unawares in the human mind — sounds will be heard, aud the whole houso will become unin habitable. ¥0 botii lovo our houso, Maria. Our own liauds havo mado it after our own hearts. It would bo folly to put a brand upon . it, and tu say heuccforward it shall bo aeoursed to us. God knows I am sorry for J uanita's sor-. row, sorry for my own loss ; but I look to you1 to help mo in keeping our home bright and pleasant for our declining days." It was tho habit of lior life to oboy him and try to please liim in all tilings ; so sho answered gently, "Of course, dear James, it shall bo as you; wish. I feel sure you aro right. It would bo wicked to shut up that lovely room" — with a' faint shudder ; "but I ahull nevor go near tlio west wiiidow without thinking of — our dear boy. Andl'iii afraid .Ttia'nita will never be able to eniluro the room." " Perhaps not. We can uso tlio other rooms ; when she is here. Siio lias her own houso now ; - and I daresay it" will bo soino tinio yet before she will cato to cross this threshold. The houso must seem fatal to her. It was her own wliim that brought him here. I'm afraid that reOol- . lection will torture lior, poor child." It was finally decided therefore that the drawiiigroom should bo used nightly, ns it had been in all the peaceful years that wore gone. Tho lamps witli tlioir gay shades of rose or amber made spots of colored light amidst tables heaped with flowers. All the choicest blooms that the hut houses or ,t!ie gardens could produco were brought as of old, like offerings to a pagan shrine. The number less toys upon the tables were set out in the bid orderly disorder — porcelain and enamel 6oit ion boxes on ono table— antique watches and gold and silver snuff boxes 011 another — bronzes, intaglios, coins, medals, filigree scent bottles upon a third, and a background of flowers everywhere. The piano was opened, and tho candles lighted ready for lior ladyship, who sang Spanish ballads delightfully even yet, and who was iuthe habit of singing to lier 'liusband of an evening whenever thoy were alone. Thoy wero generally alone now, not being able to receive visitors from the outside world at such a time. The . vicar of the parish dined at Cheriton now and then, and Matthew Dalbrook spent a night there occasionally, and -talked over business matters and the future development of a tract of land at Swanage, which formed, a portion of the original Strangway estate. The widow had taken possession of her new home, the home which they two were to have lived in for half a century of loving union. They had joked about their golden wedding ob. they sat at lunch on the lawn that day ; had laughed at tho thought of how they would look ill white hair and wrinkles, and then had sighed at tho, thought of how those they loved now would be gone bofore that day came, and how tho friends who gathered round them would bo new friends, tho casual acquaintances of the' passing years elevated to friendship for the lack of those earlier, nearer, dearer friends whom deatli had taken. They liad talked of their silver wedding,- whioh seemed a happier idea ; for dear Lady- Jane and Juanita's mother and father might all live to see that day. They would ho old, of course, older by five and twenty years ; but not too old to be happy and beloved. Tho young wife and husband pictured ( tho lawn 011 whioh they wero sitting crowded with friends aud tenants and villagers and children ; and planned the feasting and the sports, which wero to have a touch of originality, something out of the beaten track, which something was not easy to devise. And now sho and Lady Jane were sitting in the same spot, -in tho sultry August evening, two desolate women ; tho tawny giant at their feet, his dog, the mastiff, Styx, looking up at them now and then witli great serious eyes, as- if asking what had become of his master. Juanita was strangely altered sinoo tho days of her honeymoon. Her face bad grown-thin- and hollow, and the large dark eyes looked larger, and gave a haggard expression to the pallid face ; but she was hearing lior sorrow bravely for Lady Jano's sako, as Lady Jano had done for lior sake, in tho beginning of tilings. That gentle lady had broken down after tho funeral, and Juanita had boon constrained to forgot her own agony for a brief spaco in trying to comfort the bereaved mother ; and so the two acted and rc-ncted upon each other, and it was well for them to bo together. Tlicy had settled down in tho old house bo- foro they had been thero a week. Lady Jane put off her return to Swanago indefinitely. Sho could drive over now and then to supervise tho gardening, and sho would stay at tho Priory as long as Juanita wanted her. " That would bo always," said Juanita. " Ail, my love, that would not do. I don't forget all that has been written about mothers-- in-law. Thero must be some truth in it." " un, Dun you lorgor. inat is wnen tnore is a son and husband to quarrel about," said Juanita, with a sudden sob. "IVe havo no cause for jealousy. We have only our dead." Lady Jane wanted to establish her daughter- in-law in that cheerful sitting room whioh had been her own, but here Juanita opposed her; I om not going to have it— now," she said, resolutely. "It shall bo your room always. No one else sliall use it. I. am going to have his room for my' den." "My dearest, it is tho dullest room in the house.!' "It was his room,- and I liko it better than, any other in the world." She arranged all her own books and posses sions in the largo room looking into the stablo yard, which had been Sir Godfrey's study from tho time he went to Eton. She found ail his Eton books on a lower shelf of ono of the book cases, and sho sat on the floor for an hour dusting grammars and dictionary, first Greek Reader, Latin Gradm and all the rest of them. She found liis college books, with the college arms upon them, on another shelf. Sho would have nothing disturbed or altered, and sho wag supremely indifferent to the question of incon gruity. Her own book eases from Cheriton, tho dainty toy book cases of inlaid satin wood, woro squeezed into the recesses on each side of tho fireplace. Hor photographs of mother, father, friends, horses and dogs wero arranged upon the carved oak mantelpiece, above the quaint littlo cupboards with carved doors, spoil of old Belgian choir scats, still full, of choice cigars, the young man's store. His spurs and hunting crops, canes and boxing gloves decorated tho panel between the two tall windows. His despatch box still stood upon the library tabic, and the dog Styx pushed tho door open whenover it was left ajar and strolled into tiie room as by old established right. Sho felt herself nearer him hero than any where else, nearer even than in tbo Church yard, where sho and Lady Jano went every afternoon with fresh flowers for his grave. They had not laid liim in tho family vault, but -among the graves of gentleman and peasant " under the sunny turf — earth to earth. The marble was not yet carved which was to mark out bis grave from amidst thoso humbler resting places. Theodore Dalbrook liad not seen liis cousin since tbo day of the funeral. H13 father and his two sisters had called upon her at the Priory, and had brought back an account of the quiet dignity with which sho bore herself in her melancholy position. "I did not think she liad so much solid sense," Eaid Janet, and then she and Sophia talked about tho Priory ns a dwelling house, aud of its inferiority to Cheriton, and specu lated upon tho amount of her cousin's in come. " Sho has a splendid position. She will bo a fine catch for someone by-and-bye," said Har rington. " I hope she wont go and throw her self away upon an adventurer." "I hope not," said his father; "but I suppose she will marry again? That seems inevitable." " I don't sea that it is inevitable, " argued Theodore, almost angrily. "She was devotedly attached to her husband. I suppose there is now and then a woman who can remain faithful to a first love " " "When tlio first love i3 alive, and not always then," put in Sophia flippantly. "Of course she will marry again. If she wanted to remain. single people wouiu uoc ion ner, wicti ner income." Theodore got up and walked to tlio window. His sister's talk often set his teeth on edge, but rarely so much ns it did to-day. ' " Yon talk of her as if sho worn tho moshr slmllowlirnined of women," lie exclaimed, wlik liis back to tho family group, looking out with gloomy eyes into the old-fashioned street, the narrow circumscribed view wliioh ho had hated of late with a deadly hatred. " T don't' think sho is very deep"' answered Sophia, "Sho never could appreciate Darwin. Sho told me onco that sho wondered what X could find to interest mo in earthworms." " A woman must, indeed he shallow, who feels no interest in that thrilling book," snoorcd Theodore. "Upon my word, now, said his father, "tho book interested mo, though I am not a soientifio man. And I novor see a worm wriggling off tho gardener's spado without fooling that I ought to . be grateful to him as a potent ally of the landed aristocracy." "Perhaps," continued Mr. Dal brook musingly, " my own practice in the con- yoyancing lino owes something of its substantial character to earth worms. If it were not foe thchi there might be no land to convey." The conversation drifted lightly away from Juanita and Jier sorrow, but her imao still filled Theodore's mind, and lie loft the drawingroom and tho frivolous talk and the clinking ot tea cups and teaspoons, and wont out in the declin ing light to walk in the avenuo of limes on tho edge of the old city. ' He had not called upon his cousin iu hpr now home. He shrank from the very idea of meet ing her while hor sorrow was still now, while her thoughts and feelings were concentrated upon thnt one subject, whilo he could only beta her as an unweloomo intruder from that outsidu world she loathed, as grief loathes all but its own sad -memories. Had tlio calamity which had desolated her life brought her any nearer to him who had loved her so long and so unselfishly? Alas, no ; lie told himself that if sho over loved again it would bo to a stranger tliat her re-awakening heart' would open rather than to the rejected lover of the past, the man whom her memory would couplo with tho husband sbo bad lost, aud whom she would compare disadvantagobnsly with that chosen ono. No, ho told himself, there was little more chance for him in tho future than there bad been iii the past. She liked him and trusted him witli a sisterly affection, which nothing short of a miracle would warm into love. Pas- sion does not grow out of suoli placid beginnings. In lior very dawn of girlhood sho hod been in ' love witli Godfrey ; had blushed at his coming ; hail quarrelled with him, and wept stormy' tears had suffered all thoso alternations of joy and grief, pride anil self-abasement, which accom pany lovo in an impassioned nature. Theodora remembered her treatment of tho fifth- form Eto- : liian, tho undergraduate, remembered tho pas- sioriate'dramapei petually beingactcd hi those two young' lives, a drama which ho had watched with' aohing licart, and lie felt that he could iibve'r be as as that" first lovo hail been. Ho was associated witli tho commonplace of lier life. Sli'e'had laiighod often at his dry-as-dust talk with' her father — tlio dull discussions about leases anil bills of dilapidation. A solicitor .living froui year's ond to year's' end in a country 'town— what a dreary person he must needs appear' beside the brilliant young Oxoriion, full of the gladness of tho lifo that knows neither labor nor care. Ho sickened at the thought of that contrast. Ho had served his father faithfully hitherto, anil the bond between father and son had been oho of strong affection as well as duty ; but for the lost year there lmd been growing upon hiin an inoxprcssiblc weariness of the house in which ho was Born, and the city in which he had lived the chief part of his uneventful life. He had struggled against this disgust of familiar things, telling himself that it was an unworthy feeling, and that ho would be a snob , if ho indulged it. Yet the disgust grew into absolute loathing ; tho monotonous days, the repetitive work, oppressed him like a perpetual nightmare. Sinoo Juanita's marriago tho bur den bad become moro and more intolerable. To bo so near her, yet so far. To bo letting life creep away in dull' drudgery which could never bring liim' nearer her social level ; to teol that all his pursuits and associations wero beneath the woman ho loved, and could never arouse the faintest interest in hor mind. This was almost too bitter to bo borne, and he liad for some time past been meditating somo way of escape, somo manner of release from these old fetters into the wider arena of the outer world. Suoli escape was not easy. Ha bad to think of his father, that indulgont, largo minded father who had given liis sou a very remunera tive share in his practice at an age when most young men aro dependent for every suit of clothes or five pound note upon parental bounty and parental caprico. Ho knew that liis father looked to liim for an entiro release from work before they wero many years older; and that I10 would thou find himself solo master of a business worth at least £1500 a year, All this had coine to him and would como to him easily, as tho freely given reward of conscientious and intelligent work. It was a prospect whioh few young men would forego without considerable hesitation ; but Theodore hardly thought of tlio substantial ad vantages which ho was so eager to sacrifice. His solo hesitation was on account of tho dis appointment which tlio step he contemplated would inflict upon his father. He was not without a foreshadowing of a plan ' by whioh that disappointment might be in some wise lessened. Ho bad kept an eye upon his brother for somo time post, and ho liad- dis covered that tho young man's fervor- for the Anglican Church had begun to cool. There were all the signs of wavering in that gifted youth. At one time ho devoted all liis study to the writings of Cardinal Newman, Hurrel Froude, and tho Tractarinn Piyrty — ho lived iu tho atmosphere of Oxford in tho forties; lie talked of Cardinal Manning as the head and front of religious thought. Ho was on the verge of deciding for the Old Faith. Then a sudden change came over tlio spirit of his dream. He began to have duiibts, not of the reformed faith, but of every Western creed. "Light comos from tho East," ho told liis sisters with an oracular air. " I doubt if there is any nearer resting place for the sole of my foot than tho Temple of Buddha. I find there tho larger creed for whicli my mind yearns — boundless vistas behind and bofore me. I begin to entertain painful doubts of my fitness for the Anglican Church. I might be a power, per haps, but it would be outside those narrow bounds — liko Yoyscy, or Stopford Brooke. The church, witli its present limitations, would not hold me. " Tho sisters sympathised, argued, quoted es says and reviov.-s, and talked of Darwin and Spencer, Huxley and Comte. Theodore listened and said nothing. Ho saw whicli way the tide w»3 drifting, and rejoiced iu the change of the current. And now this sultry August afternoon, pacing up and down the green walk, I10 was expectant of an opportunity of discussing liis brother's future with that gentlemnu himself, as Harring ton was in the habit of taking his afternoon constitutional, book iu hand, upon this very path. Ho appeared by anil by, carrying an open \ Tolumo of Wax Miillcr, and looking at the uursei maids and perambulators. ' A\ hat, Tlico., taking your meditative cigar,? 3 ou don t often give yourself a holiday before dinner." '"it I wan led to talk to you alone, and I know this was your bent. " "Nothing gone wrong, f hope." ' ' "No, it is your future I want to discuss— if yon don't mind. " " My future is wrapped in a cloud of doubt," replied the younger man dreamily. ""Were the Church differently constituted — were the minds that rule in it of a larger east, a wider grasp, "Harrington, how would you like the law as a profession ?" Theodore asked abruptly, when the other began to hesitate. "My dear follow, it is all very well to ask me that' question, when you know there is no room for too in ray father's office," retorted Harring ton,, with q contemptuous wave of that long, lean wkito hand, which always reminded him of St. 'Franois de Sales or Savaaorola ; not' that he had any positive .knowledge of what those saintly linnds were like. " Room might. be made for you," said Theo dore. "X should not care to accept a subordinate IHwition— Aut Cresai » "tio far as the Citsarship of n provincial solicitor's office can go the whole empire may be yours by and by, if you like — provided you put your shoulder to the wheel and pass your ex aminations." ; . " Do you mean to say that you would throw np.your position — and an income which would allow of your marrying to-morrow, if you ohoso — to make room for me." " If - 1 can get my father's consent, yes, decidedly." " How do you propose to exist without a pro fession?" , " I don't propose anything of the kind. I mean to go to the liar. " I "Oh, I- begin to understand. A' solicitor's office is not good enough for yon ?" "1 don't say tliat ; but I have taken a disgust —an unreasonable disgust no doubt— to that branch of the law ; and I am very sick of Dor chester." " So am X," retorted Harrington, gazing vaguely at a pretty nurse maid. "IVe are agreed there at any rate. , And you want to follow in Lord Cheriton's track and make a groat name?" "It is only one mRn inxi thousand who suc ceeds as James DaJbrook. has succeeded ; but if I go to the Bar yoft muv-'be sure 'I shall do my host to get on j and I shall start with a pretty good knowledge of common law." 1 \ ou wnniAo be in London — you are pining foran restlietBb centre," sighed Harrington. "1 don't. ''quite know what, that is, but I should preifer London to Dorcliester." ' .So should I — and you want me to take your place ayrhe mill ; to grind out my soul in the' dull rtnrail that has sickened you." "Die life has begun to pall npon me, but I' think it, ought to.suit you," answered Theodore ' thoughtfully, "You are fonder of home — and of the sistera— than I am. . You. get ou bettor with them." " yu have been rather grumpy lately, I' admit," said Harrington. ' And yon halve let yourself cool upon your Divinity exam. You evidently don't mean the Church?" "J hatfe outgrown the Church. You can't jSiit 3. qtfirt of water into a pint bottle." " Ancl you must do something. I don't. think you can do anything so good ,as to take my place, and become my.father's right hand.until he. chooses to retire, and leave you tho. practice. You. wilt have married by that time, perliaps» and will have sobered down — intellectually. Morally you are one of tho steadiest fellows I know." . " 1 suppose I ought to consider this what the house agonts call an unusual opportunity-?" said Harrington; " but you must give me time to Chink it over." " Take time," answered Theodore, briefly, "and I'll talk to my father in the meanwhile." All. Dalbrook received Iris elder son's com munication, as if it had been a blow from an enemy's hand. " Do you suppose that ass, Harrington, can ever take yonr place," he exclaimed, wherenpon Theodore took pains to explain that Ids brother \ffas by no means an ass, and that he was only ' laboring under that burden of small affectations Which weighs down a young' man who. has been allowed to live too much iri the society-of young women, sisters and sisters' friends, amd to con sider all his own utterances oracular. "He is not so fit for the church as Brown is," said Theodore, " and he will only addle bis brains if he reads any more theology. He won't bo content "with Paley and Butler, and the good old books which have been the turnpike road to oVqination for a century. He i3 all for new ideas, and tho new ideas are too big for him. But if you will give him his articles and teach him as you tabght me " ' "I don't think I taught you muoh. You seemed to get at everything by instinct." "Ah, you taught me my profession without knowing it : and you will teach Harrington with just as little trouble. He will shake off that husk of affectation in your office — no solicitor can be affected— and he will come out a good lawyer ; while I am trying my luck in Temple- chambers, reading, and wtnting-for briefs. With your help, by and bye, I am bound to do some- thing. 1 shall get a case or two upon this circuit, anyhow." "1 "can't think what has put this folly in your head, Tlieo.," said his father, with a vexed air. "It is not folly, father; ifci.s not a caprice," the young magi protested, with sudden earnest ness. " For- Clod's sake don't think me ungrate ful, or that I would willingly turn my back upon my duty to you. Only — young people have troubles of tbeir own, don't you know ? — andArf late I have not been altogether happy. I have not prospered in my onelove dream; and so J. hare set up a new. idol, that idol so many men worship with more or less reword — Success. I wont to spread my wings, and see if they will carry me on a longer flight .than I have taken yet. ' "Well, it would be selfish of me to baulk you, even if your loss were to cripple me alto gether. And it won't do that. I am Btrong enough to work on for a few years longer than I intended." ' " Oh, my dear father, I hope it won't come to that. ' I hope my change of plan won't shorten your years of leisure." "I'm afraid that's inevitable, Theo. I can't transfer a fine practice to iny son till I've made him a good lawyer— and God knows how long that will' take in Harrington's case. Judging by oiy present estimation of him, I should say half a'eentuiy. But don't be downhearted, Theo. You shall eat your dinners. You shall qualify for the Woolsack. After all, I don't know bow a life of leisure might suit me. It would be a change from the known to the unknown, almost as stupendous as the. change from life to death. Perhaps Matthew Dalbrook had fathomed that secret woe at which Theodore hod hinted darkly ; in any case he took his elder's son's de fection more easily than -might have been hoped, and bore patiently with some preliminary fatnity from the younger son, who accepted the gift of his articles; an allowance of £150 per annum, andtku promise of a juaior partnership in the near future, with the languid politeness of one who felt that he was sacrificing a mitre. 'Everything was settled off-hand, and Theo dore was to go London at tho end of September to' select and furnish his modest chambers in one of those grave old courts of the Temple, and to be ready to begin his new life with the beginning of term. 'He had not seen his cousin since the funeral, and she' had been told nothing of this sudden reconstruction of. his life ; but he determined to see lier before he left Dorchester, and he con sidered tlrat lie had a right, as her kinsman, to bid her 'good-bye. Perhaps in his heart weari ness he was inclined to exaggerate the solemnity of that leave talcing, somewhat as if he had been starting for Australia. .-He drove over to the Priory on a dull grey afternoon', his last day in Dorcliester. His portmanteaus were packed, and all tilings were ready'for an early departure next morning. Sorely' as he had sickened of the good old town which was his birthplace, he felt a shade of melancholy at the idea of cutting himself adrift altogether from that quiet haven ; and the love of those open stretches of heath between the city and Wareham, ahdof those swampy meadows and grazing cattle on the other side of that sleepy little town, was ingrained in him deeper than he knew. It was a landscape which took a peculiar charm from the grey dimness of an autumnal atmosphere, and it seemed to Theodore Dalbrook that those level pastures aud winding waters had never looked fairer than they looked to-day. He had written tp his cousin a day before to tell liiir of his intended visit. It was too solemn a thing for him to leavo the finding her at liomo to chance. His groom took the dogcart round to the stables, while ho was ushered at once to the drawing room where Lady Car- michnel was sitting at her work table in the bow window, with Styx stretched on a lion skin at her feet. Tho silence of the house struck Theodore Dal brook painfully as he followed the footman across the hall and along a corridor which led to the drawingroom— that deathlike silence of o roomy old mansion in which there are neither children nor guests, only one lonely in habitant waited upon by solemn visoged servants, drilled to a phenomenal quietness, and keeping nil their good spirits for the remoteness of the servants' hall, shut off by- double doors and long passages. Saddened by that atmosphere -of gloom lie entered his cousin's presence, and stood with lier sfoall cold hand in his, looking at the face ' winch had changed so sorely from that vivid beauty which had shone upon him' in the low light of the sinking sun on -that summer evening not three months ago. - - As he looked the memory of the bride's face came between him and the face of the widow, and for a moment or two he stood speechless. The clearly cut features were pinched and sharpened, wasted by long nights of weejnng, long days of silent regret. The dork eyes were circled by purple shadows, and the oval checks were sunken and pallid. All tho .color and rich ness of that southern beauty had vanished, as if some withering blight had passed over the face. "It was very good of you to think of me before you left Dorchester," She said - gently. »Slio pushed forwa-rd a chair for her cousin, before she sat down ; and Theodore seated him self opposite to her, with the wicker work table between them. Ho wondered a little to see that satin lined receptacle gorged with bright colored silks and 0 pieces of unfinished em- broidciy, for it seemed to him that there was a touch of frivolity iu this light ornamental needlework, "which hardly 'harmonised with her grief strickon countenance. " You could not suppose that I should leave without Bceing you," lie said, " I should have come here weeks ago, only " Only you wanted to give me time to grow calm, to teach myself to look my trouble straight in the face," she said, interpreting his thought, .".That was very thoughtful of you. "Well, tho storm is over now. I am quite calm, as yon see. I daresay some people think I ain get tiny over it. That is the usual phrase is it not? And so you are going to'tlioBar, Theo dore. I am glad of that. You are clever enough to make a name as my father did. It will be slow work, I suppose ; but it will be a field worthy of your ambition, which n solicitor's office in a market town never would be." ; " I liave felt the want of a wider field for a long time ; and I shall feel more interest in a barrister's work. But I hope you don't think I am conceited enough to expect to get on as well as your father." "I don't know about that. I think you must know you .are a clover man. I have been wish ing to see you for a long time, Theodore, only I was like you, I wanted to give myself time to be calm. I want to talk to you about — -the mur derer." "Yes. Have you heard anything? Has there been any discovory ?" . " Nothing. Tho offer of a reward lias resulted in nothing — not one little scrap of information. Tho London detective gave up the business and went back to town a week after the funeral, having obtained only negative results. The policchercabouts are creatures without on idea ; and so unless something is . done, unless some clever brain can solve the .riddle, the .wretch who killed my husband may go down to the grave unpunished." "It is hard that it should be so," said Theodore quietly ; "yet it is an almost impossible case. There is not a single indication so far to put one on the track — not one little clue." "Not for these dull-brained mechanical dis. coverers, perhaps; but for you or me, Theo., for us who loved him, there ought to be light. Think, what a ..strange .murder it was. Not for . gain, remember. Hod it been the band of a burglar that shot liira, I could understand the difficulty of' tracing that particular criminal among all the criminal classes. But this murder, which seems utterly motiveless, ' must have been prompted by some extraordinary motive. It was not the net of a maniac ; a maniao must have left some trace of his presence in the neighbor hood. A maniac could not have so completely eluded the police on the alert to hunt him down. There must have been some indication." " Put madness out of the question, Juanito, what then?" "Hatred, Theodore. That is the strongest passion in the human mind — a savage hatred which could not be satisfied except with the fairest, brightest life that it had the power to destroy — a relentless hatred — not against him, not against my beloved. What had ho done in all his good life that anyone upon this earth should hate him. But against us— against my father and mother and me — the usurpers, the owners of Cheriton Manor, against us who have thrust ourselves upon the soil which that old wicked race held so long. Oh, Theodore, I have thought and thought of this, till the conviction has grown into my mind — till it has seemed like a revelation from God. It is one of that wicked family who has .struck this blow." ' " One of your predecessors — the Strangways ? Is that what you mean, Nita ? " Yes, that is what I mean." "My dear Juanita, it is too wild an idea. What, after your father has owned tho estate nearly a quarter of a century ? Why should the enemy wait all those years — and choose such a time?" "Because there never before wns such an opportunity of striking a blow that should bring ruin upon us. My father's hope of making his son-in-law his successor in the peerage was known to a good many people. It may easily have reached the ears of the Strangways." "My dear girl, the family lias died off like rotten sheep. I doubt if there are any sur vivors of the old race." " Ob, but families are not obliterated so easily. There is always someone left. There were, two sous and a daughter of the oJd squire's. Surely one of those must have left children." " But, Juanita, to suppose that any man could hate the purchaser of his squandered estate with a hatred malignant enough for. murder is to imagine humanity akin to devils." " We are akin to devils," cried Juanita, ex citedly. " I have felt that I could rejoice as the devils rejoice at human suffering if I could see my husband's murderer tortured. Yes, if he were tied against a tree, as Indian savages tie tbeir sacrificial victims — tied against a tree and killed by inches, with every variety of torture which a hellish ingenuity con suggest, I would say my litany, like those savages, my. litany of triumph and content. Yes, Theodore, we have more in common with the devils than you may think." "I cannot see the possibility of mnrder prompted by such an inadequate motive," said Theodore slowly, remembering, as he spoke, how Churton had suggested that the crime looked like a vendetta. "Inadequate! Ah, that depends, don't you see. Remember, wo have not to deal with good people. The Strangways were always an evil race.- Almost every- tradition that remains about their lives is a story of wrong-doing. And think how small a wound may be deadly when, the blood lias poison in it beforehand. - And it is a small thing to see strangers in a home that has been in one's family for three centuries ? Again, remember that although nothing throve on the Cheriton Estate while the Strangways held it — or at any rate not for the last hundred years of their holding — no sooner wns my father in possession than the luck changed. Quarries were developed ; land that had 'been' almost worth less became valuable for building. Everything has prospered with 'him. 'And think of them, outside — banished for over, like Adam and Eve out of Paradise. Think of them with hate and envy gnawing their hearts." " There would he timo for them to get over that feeling in four and twenty years. And when you talk about them, I should like to know exactly whom you mean. " I assure you the general idea is that they have all died off. That is to say, all of the direct line." " It is upon that very subject I- want to talk to you, Theodore. Would you like to do me a sen-ice, a very great service ? " "Nothing would make me happier." " Then, will you try to find out ail about the Strangways— if tlioy are really all gone, or if there are not somo survivors, or a survivor, of the last squire's family? If 'you can do that much, it will be something gained. We shall- know better what to think. Wlien I heard that you wero'going to live in London it flashed into my mind that you would be just the right person to help me, and I knew how good you had been to me always, and that you would help. London is the place to make your inquiries. I have heard my father say that all broken lives — all doubtful characters — gravitate towards London. :It is the one place where people.faney they can hide." " I will do everything in my power to rcatiso your wish, Juanita. I shall be a solitary man with a good deal of leisure, so I ought to suc ceed, if success be possible." They were silent for some few minutes, Juanita being exhausted with the passionate vehemence of her speech. She took up a piece of embroidery from' the basket, '.and began, with slow careful stitches, upon the petal of a dog rose. . ' i . "I am glad to see you engaged upon that artistic embroidery," said Theodore presently, " for the sake of saying something." "That means perhaps that you wonder I can care for such frivolous Work as this," she said, interpreting his recent thought, when his ey6s first lighted on her satin-lined basket wit.ii its rainbow-hewed silks. "It seems inconsistent, I dare soy ; but -this wort: hits -helped mo to quiet my brain many a time when I have felt , myself on the brink of mad ness. These slow regular stitches,, the mechanical movement of iny hand us the flowers grow gradually, stitch by stitch, through the long melancholy day, havo quieted iny nerves. I cannot read. Books give me no comfort, for my eyes follow the page .while my mind is brooding on my own troubles. Itis better to sit and think- qniotly,' while I work. It is better to face my sorrow. " ' " Have you been long alone ? " "No. It is only three weeks since Lady Jane went bock to Swanage ; and she comes - to see me two or three times a week. My father and mother come as often. . You uiubt not think 1 am deserted. Everyone is very good to me." " They, have need to be. " Again there was a brief interval of tiicnce, and. then Juanita closed her basket, and lifted her earnest eyes to lier cousin's face. "You know all about tho Strangways?" she inquired. ' " : " I have heard a good deal about them from one and another. People who live in tho country have long-memories, and are fond of talking of the lords of the soil, even when tho race has vanished from the land, I have heard elderly men tell their after dinner- stories about the Strangways at my father's table." "Yon know the family 'portraits at Cheriton?" "The pictures in the hall.'- Yes. I have wondbred sometimes that your father should have kept, them there — effigies of an alien race." "I hate -them," exclaimed Juanita, shudder ing. " I always had an uncomfortable feeling about them, a feeling of strange cold oyes look ing at us in secret enmity ; but now I abhor them. There is a girl's face — a cruel face — - that I used rather to admire when I was a child, and sometimes dream about ; and on ' the last night but one— of — my happy life — I looked at that picture, with Godfrey, and told him -my feeling about that face, and he told me the pitiful story of the original. Tho creature had'a sad life, aud died in France, poor and broken henrt-ed. Two hours later I heard a strange stop upon the terraco — while Godfrey and I were sitting iii the library — a stealthy, creeping stop, coming near one of tho open windows, and then creeping away again. When we looked out there was no one to be seen." "And this was the night before— Sir God frey's death ? " "Yes. "I told my father about it— after — after Tny trouble ; and wben be questioned the gardeners he discovered that footprints had been seen by one of them on ' the damp gravel the -morning after I ' heard that ghost like step. They were Btrange footprints the man was sure, or . he would ' not havo noticed them. The print of - a shoo with a flat heel— not of a largo foot— but they were not very distinct, and he went over them with his roller, and rolled them out, . and thought no more about the fact till my father questioned him. The next day was dry and warm, as you know, and the gravel was hard next night. There were no footprints seen — afterwards." " Did the gardener trace those marks beyond the terrace — to the avenue, for instance?" "Not he. All he did was to roll them out with his iron roller." " They suggest one point— that the murderer may have been lurking about on the night before the crime." " I am sure of it. That footstep would not have frightened me if there had been no mean ing in it. I felt as a Scotchman does when he has seen the shadow of the shroud round his friend's figure. It is a point for you to re member, Theodore ; if you inean to help me." "I do mean to help you." " God bless you for that promise," she cried, giving him her hand, " and if you want any further information about the Strangways there is someone here who may be useful. Godfrey's old bailiff, Jasper Crane, lived over 10 years at Cheriton. Ho ouly left there when the squire died, and he almost immediately entered tho service of Godfrey's father. . 1 f you can stay till the evening I will send for him, ancl you can ask him as many questions as you like." "I will stay. There is a moon rather late in the evening, and I shall be able to get back any time before midnight. Bait Juanita, as an honest man I am bound to tell you that I believe you are following an ignis fatuus— you are influenced by prejudices and fancies, rather than by reason. ; ' . (To be Continued. J 