KADINA, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 16, 1889. ] TO-Day'S Cbicxbt.-The Wallaroo and East Mponta clubapUy at'East Moonta and the *jSuogrA*B trillions *nd -Yeltag, on 4be gronod of the former. TiUl . "Zip " Combant.- This company .ppgj&s; at Moonta to-night, Wallaroo on Monday night afcu at Eadiha oa Tuesday and ' Wednesday. ' They met with splendid re ception at Moonta, last night. Waelaroo Market.-We aie asked to -dra^' special attention to Messrs Malcolm and Co.'s sale at Wallaroo this afternoon, when they will offer 104 acres land near We&tPark; lands. Wallaroo, household furni ture, put glues ware, fancy goods, &c.; A Noir-ExPLOeiVE.-We have been shows by JMr X. M. Bendell, a specimen bottle of oon-ezpiosire liquid: It is said that half the contents "poured into an ordinary lamp will last for six months, and will effectually prevent explosion. A Splendid METOB.-On Tuesday night a splendid metor Iras seen a few minutes after S o'clock from the Peninsula towns. We notice from newspaper reports that «t tra* also notified in other parts of the colony. It sppearedjto be only a abort distance south of Waftwoo. But it also appeared in the same jKsitkm from Adelaide. HAEVE8T SHAVKBGmna SKBVIC«5-The .nnual harvest thanksgiving services will be txeld. inthe. Pr^sbyten&n; Church, Wallaroo, tO-momW- 'Ihechurohis being nicely decor .ted wjth fruit, flowers, &c.;, forihe occasion. Berlf^' /vreit will officiate. : This also «pplie«to 4he,P>riiniti» e llatbodut Church, ITartina. .. ^ ^ jiu EduCATIOK.-In one of tbe colonies where free education-is granted in the public Achoois. to, deserving cases that nay be ap proved ~6t %y:ihe sohool TBoard, this body, is usual iu 'tL« Mrlr part of the year, Viet to eonside^ the many applications received. .mnV^teiaggranfed istdnce while a 'few were held ofee {or monlnTotnatioi). In one case the faster atstedin iiis upphc*iion his weekly V-i&ea; were $ot flW» than 30s fad this to, Veep a familj on of several children was con sidered too email to allow of hie paying school fees of le 46. The Board thought each an excellent man should receive higher wages and held over the application for more in formation. This was euppned and showed the poor man was in receipt of an average of 44s 6d per week, for the pist few months and was still working at same rate-it ie a some folks don't remember the truth. TROUBLE AT MOONTA MINKS-Our Moonta correspondent-Bays;-Since Monday's nieet inga notice' Jia.8 been posted up at the Mine Office to the Effect that in future all contracts entered into by the miners will have to be carried out at the price tendered. This is considered by some a step towards remedying some of the eyiis in connection with tut work. As matters stand at. present there is ? every prospect of the mine going into strike.. Few believe the Directors will agree to do away with the contract system. The mine is to large too adopt the wage system with a " boss" over every party. KADINA CHSSS CiiUB.-The annual meet ing of this ciub was held on Wednesday evening last, when Mr T. H. Hall presided oVer a fair'attendance. A satisfactory report was given of the year's proceedings, and allusion made to the loss the club had sus tained in the removal of Mr HoIIoway to Kapunda. The election of officers resulted as follows:-President, Mr T. H. Hall; Vice Preiident, Mr J". Cook; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr E. R. Potter; and a Com mittee of four. About twenty members were enrolled, and from the enthusiasm displayed, the club should have a busy time during the next few months. It was mentioned during the evening that a challenge had been received from the Auburn Chess Olub to play by tele graph at an early date, and it was resoifed to accept the challenge details being left in the hands of the Committee. We understand that the match will take place on Wednesday, 27th inst., fife players a side. It was de cided to hold a tourney, commencing about the first week in April, the handioapping for which was left to a Sub- Committee consisting of three of the older players of the olub. At the conclusion of the business part of the meeting, a few games were played, but next week will probably see the olub in full work ing order. The meetings will be held on Wednesday evenings, as usual. Kaduta £a»s OF HOPE -The usual fort nightly meeting of the above was held in the Wesley an Leoture Hall, on Wednesday even ing last. Mr Wattera presided at the opening of the meeting, but on the arrival of the Rev. P. Knight, B.A., transferred the further charge to him. A good programme was pre sented, consisting of recitations by MisBes Thomas, Clark and 3D. Hendell, and Mr Wattere, and Master Trewartha; a duet by Messrs Trewartha and Pauil, and a solo by Miss Phillips. Two temperance dramas were also very creditably given, and added much to the enjoyment of the evening, the first " Advice (Gratis " wae given by Messrs Beare, Putland and Ash from Wintanerta and the otber "Miss .^Burton's trouble with her Domestics " by Misses Bawden, Thomas and Phillips, and Messrs Longmire, Dawe and Trewartha. The attendance was very. good. BIBLE CHRISTIAN Ankuai-Sb°SION POET AUGUSTA DIBTBICT. -Our Germem corres pondent, under 13th February, writ-s : During the past week, this town haB been honoured with the annual session of the Port Augusta District, (Bible Christian Connexion) commencing its business in the church at 10 a.m. ou Tuesday, the 5th and continuing till the evening of the 6th, the chairman of the district, the Rev. J. Stoyel, presiding. The meeting being constituted on the basis of ter ritory of circuits or their position as seen on the minutes of Conference, the bretherec took their places accordingly. A discussion on the spiritual state occupied some, time, in which several took part. In passing the financial aspect under review it was found that as the crops in the north were failure a heavy de ficiency rested on most of the ministers. The necessary fund had, however, been very well sustained. The report presented by the Sunday echool secretary, gave evidence that this part of the work was still dear to the people. The church trust came next for consideration, the secretary's report showing that in a case or BO there was a reduction of debt, notably Wiilowie, in the Wilmington Circuit, by about £60. A few cases, however, demanded care in order even to prevent an increase of debt on securities. A probationer and two candi date for the w«rk of the ministry presented ' themselves for examination, who after bavnig satisfied the meeting, were recommended to the Conference. The former from the first to the second year, and the latter to be received as probationers for the first -vear. A long and animated discussion fol lowed with regard to the action of the connexional committee in bringing men from England during the paBt year, it being painfully evident that suitable stations were not now to be found for many of the ministers vbo baye devoted many years to the work. A resolution was even tually passed bringing the subject before the j Conference. The children's Balary or j children's allowance or, what is a greater | misnomer still, the equalisation fund, came in for f-ee discussion. Much time was spent, but profitably. A ^ote called for showed the meeting decided to recommend the Confer ence to abolish what was felt to be an unbearable injustice. The recommendation of ministers for the stations in the district are as tollows s-Port Augusta, open j Gladstone, open ; Wilmington, C. Martin; Wirrabara, W. P. Shapley ; Quorn, E. .Hill; Orroroo, J. Stoyel; Port Germein, it. C. Yeoman ; Carrieton, open. The business closed in due form at f> o'clock when a vote of thanks was | -«ed to the friends at Port Germein for the comfort members of the meeting. The public Wit!e it} connection with the above must not be w"ad w V shtnlev morning at 7 o'clock t> f: Sb"fi conducted service, giving a ^teiu^espo. of the portion of scripture ... ashamed of the Gospel of Christ." j..n evening at 7.30 the Rev. E. Hill preached the sermon to the District Meeting, after which the Lord's Supper was administered. THAT £XGHTKIK& FXASH. -As & proof that driver Jennings deserves credit for saving his train on the night of the late flood on the Silverton line, Mr M. Maynard, the only passenger on the tram, sends the following letter to the Petersburg paper.--"My at tention'has been drawn to a paragraph in the Register of the 21st instant, stating that the Commissioners of the South Australian Rail ways have made full inquiries into the above subject, and have described it as the " working of a lively imagination." As a passenger on the train, viz., No. 3 from Broken Hill, I de sire to contradict their statement. While traTfilling down one of the steepest inclines of the JVaekara Bange, the night being, pitch dark, and rain falling in torrens we passed the ganger lour miles from i Oodla Wirraand two permanent way men two I and a half miles from the scene of danger, all j of wnoni reported ail right. When we neared the distant signal, the signalman gave the home signal, and as we proceeded towards the station the lucky flash of lightning ap peared which revealed to the driver, Joseph Jennings, the embankment washed away and the rails aod sleepers suspended in the air' He whistled for his brake, and the guard be. ing on the alert, brought the train at a stand still at the small space of eight yards from (he washuwaj. He took his lamp, and haying seen the dangerous position he was in, mounted his engine and proceeded 50 yards up the nill for safety. By his prompt action he sayed the South Australian Government some thousands of pounds in rolling stock, and also the lives of those who were in the train. Fortunately it was a light train for were it otherwise, it would have been im possible to have saved it from destruction. G-ive honor where honor is due! The Com missioners in their report only seem to look upon the question from the signal-man's point i of view. Have they called the driver, fireman | guard, ganger, and permanentway men P What do they say P It is only natural for the eigoalman to assert thet he signalled against the train. Should the Commissioners over loojc the conduct of driver Jennings, I con sider it would be an abominable shame to the j colony and to the Britishjflag." THE Equalization fund of the") Bible : Christians, described by thg Northern district, as *' Unbearable injustice." Mr PXiATFOKD has received the fallowing j valentine from bis -Csrrieton constituents : "That this meeting calls opon tbe Hon. Thomas Flayford to resignss a representative of the electoral district of\Newea«tle on the ; grounds that he betrayed the trust reposed in Jum by the electors,-and also failed to repre sent their interests' in Parliament." Mr Flayford sent a very pithy reply declining to teaigB, i KIXQ G-unaia flourishing. THIS balauee oC loan to be withdrawn. THE " Zips" Astonishing the natives. Kuf& (jruiinii ore coming to WalUroo. ANOTH.br charge a°artist, Mr O'Brien M.P. THE Yorke's Peninsula raoeB on Wednee day. PABTIES alarmingly olose in New South Wide*. JOHN DILLON, M"P,, sails for Australia on March 1. A ton of ore raised in one day at King G-unnia. Sko wrnws put up one of its Choicest dust storms. THE Snowtown race committee took enough, evidence. Heaps of falls bat no broken bones at Snowtown. The miners making a w against the con-/ tract system. * THE Peninsula horse too mueh for the city at Snowtown. PENINSULA residents always patronise Snowtown races. Mr Wyman BEOWN is returned for the Barrier district. LIGHTNING haB not improved under amateur trainers. A hurdle race is a lottery, especially when run in a dust storm. BEEEISH Blocks smelters being proeeeded with at Port Pirie. THE Laura ratepayers have rejected a pro posal to levy an extra. THE Bishop of Lincoln to be prosecuted for ritualistic practises. GEEMANT proposes a Conference and America a truce in Samoan affairs. Apstbalians io England are being pounced upon for the Income tax. SOME Kadiriu residents did a bit of cours ing returning from Snowtown. IT is considered probable that Patchwork will win the Pasfceville hurdles. Onit four borseB kept their lege and the coarse in the Snowtown hurdles. THE Areas Express philosophises on the subject of " What can we do ?" Are the northern Bible Christians going in for protection of native industries? If is somewhat unusual to take a book maker's evidence in a disputed race. Is Snowtown was any criettion, Ivanhoe ; has a soft thing on next Wednesday. I SNOWTOWN had a full compliment of | slight of hand gentlemen on Wednesday. THERE are thirty prisoners to be tried at the Criminal sittings which begin on the 19th. Tee Maori footballers hare defeated Devonshire team by two goale and seven trieB to nothing. DBUZEEP SINGS has issued a proclamation suggesting an Indian reyolt to throw of the foreign yoke THE estate of Mr W. B. D«lley, in which probate was granted on Wednesday, is valued at £6,851. THE Fort Augusta district complains that ministers have been imported when there was no room for them. IN the Gulgong (N.S.W.) district 4,233 acres of land sown with wheat only yielded 476 bushels of grain. HABVEST thanksgiving at Wallaroo Presby terian and Eladina Primitive Methodist j Churches to-morrow. Ten buildings have been destroyed by fire at Narrabri (N.S.W.) The total damage is estimated at £10,000. i THE ladies of Port Pirie have petitioned I the local Corporation for the erection of baths. | Wallaroo should follow. 1 Mr W. A. HOEN, M.P., is going to help ' his farming constituents with seed wheat independently of the Government. 1 Mr Ohambeblain accorded a warm reoep tion at Glasgow. He warns Unionists of the ! daDger of drfting into conversation. ALL the members of The newly-elected London County Council, are with the excep tion of the Earl of Meath extremists. THE Wasley's Farmers' Club have passed a resolution approving the stand taken by the Government on the seed wheat question. A deputation has waited upon the Com missioner ot Crown Lands, protesting against the alienation of travelling stock reserves. THE Bev, J. C. Kirby compliments the Port Pirie Advocate on becoming a " real Jive paper." This suggests that it was not always so. It is said that a spy has been at work amongst Australians in England, in the interests of the Income tax collectors. Surely nof. Foitr of the New Guinea natives who par ticipated in the murder of Captain Ancell some time since have been sentenced to death. AT the close of the past year the esti mted population of New South Wales was 1,085,356, showing an increase for the year of | 42,437. The Rev- W. G. Manley, B.A,, curate of St. Peter's Leeds, has been appointed vicar to the Bight Her. Dr Kennion, Bishop of Adelaide. THE English churches in the north are starting a monthly paper. The Rev Tom. Ward is Editor, and it is to be printed at Petersburg. Mr Hensman, lale Attorney-General for Western Australia has read a paper before the Royal Colonial Institute, on autonomy for Western Australia. Mr MABTIN Sqionsen has filled hiB I schedule in the Melbourne Bankruptcy Court. His liabilities are set down at £4,258, and assets are £500. i THE Grand Cross of the Order of St. ! Miobael and St. George has been conferred upon the newly appointed Governors of New Zealand<and South Australia. SiGNOB CBISFI says that Italy would like to disarm, but is unable to do so while other European nations are arming with redoubled | activity and France is building fortresses on the Italian frontier. THE returns of the stook in New South Wales on the 1st of January, together with the estimate, of the stoek not returned, , gre #s fplfews:-Horses, 401,960; cattle, j" *<01,085 j sheep, 46,169,568. -«oorted that » bookmaker at Snow* IT IS » -^th on the ghost of his grand- i town took his o. the wjnner ol thfi j mother, that he 8*. Tte old Jad >B hurdles take every jump. . feft, but ghost may have been equal to suoh a . no ordinary spectator was. AT the sitting of the New South Wales Wesleyan Conference on the 1st, it was stated that after the attempt upon the life of the Premier of Tonga (Mr S. Baker), the Bev. Joshua Lolhea, without trial was cast into a cell 6ft. by 3ft., and there kept in terrible suffering for 100 days, then deported to Fiji, where he died. AT Tuesday's meeting of the Special Com mission, Sir Henry James, Q.C., counsel for the Times, stated that Michael Davitt had borrowed a large suui of money from the "Skirmishing Fund"-alleged to have been started for the express purpose of committing acts of violence against England-with whioh to found the Land League. THE Scottish Club, which contains some 1,500 members representing the social side of Scottish life, intends to give a farewell banquet to the Earl of Kintore, the uew Governor of South Australia, on Friday, March 1. The chair is to be taken by the Earl of liosebery, and the banquet will if possible, be held at the Club House, 39, Doyer-street, London W. MONSTER Hussiak GUSTS.-Two monster Russian guns were sent last week to Sebasto pol for the purpose of being placed in the new ironclad Sinope, and although some of the details must be inaccurate the official des cription is too interesting to be ignored. Tbey are 12in pieces, weighing 50 tons, and throwing projectiles of nearly half a ton. The powder charge is 270lbs, and tne lhitial velocity 3,000 metres while the distance of the cannon's ranges is said to be 20 versts, or over 13 miles. As a consequence the fire of the guns can only be directed bv the map, the object fired at being out of sight. Two men, how ever, suffice for each gun, as they are worked by hydraulic machinery. A Vsay MUCH Embarrassed MAN,-The most embarrassed man in the United States, according to a New York correspondent, is Father James, of Ann Arbor, Michigan. He is, it seems, an eccentric old bachelor, aud an apparentle humourous uncle, who recently died, left him a fortune of £50,000 on con dition that tie sbonld mariy within the next five years. This poor old bachelor is in a great quandary in consequence. The fact of his conditional wind ail has become known ; and so numerous are the fair applicants anxious to help him through his difficulty thst he has had to employ a secretary to answer their letters. He is said to be a cod* firmed woman-hater himself ; and how he is to comply with the conditions of that ancle's will be does Pot yet quite understand. 