f^eJLaJjies' Column. The Weddikg-mkc. The wedding ring has been in use from a very, early dateas a seat which stamps the ■ bond of covenant entered into between1 man and, wife. In addition to this it is a/ symbol: v '' " And as this round is nowhere ifbund To flaw or else to sever, :; i }= So let our love as endless prove And pure as gold for ever" ; or as an old writer says : " The ring being round is obviously a symbol of perfection. and eternity, having neither beginning:; nor end that we can see, and is, of course, a proper emblem of lovo that usually begins' without notice, and ought always be without end." ■ , .... j Not only is the ring in itself symbolical so is the place where it is worn: The right hand indicates authority and power, there fore the ring is placed on the left one Jto signify that the woman is in the subjection to her husband. It encircles thefourth finger to denote not only that she . obeys, but loves, since it was an old idea that through it is thus made to pass the strong-** est and warmest current of the heart's blood. Another reason is given why this, as indeed every ex officio ring, should be worn on the fourth finger : it is the first " vacant finger," the thumb and two first being reserved as symbiilB of ihe Trinity: This. explanation receives confirmation from the ancient marriage ritual, accord ing to which the bridegroom placed the i ring onthetop of the left-hand thumb with the words, " In the name of the Father," removing it to the forefinger, saying "And of the.Son," then to the middle as :he said, "And of the Holy Ghost,,' as he pronounced the word "Amen," leaving it on the fourth finger. Still another reason for placing the" wedding-ring on the fourth finger is found in an old authority^ who thus describes, the ring finger: "for a soldier or a" doctor, the thumb; a sailor, the finger next; a fool the middle finger; a married or dili-f gent person, fourth, or ring finger ; a lover, the last, or little fiuger." So the position of the marriage-ring may sym bolize^ some think, the duty of a wife to jgive all diligence to the fulfilment of her household duties. The Romans are thought, by many writers, to have originated the idea of the wedding-ring. However this may be in point of fact, it is certain that, once in troduced, their bridegrooms bestowed highly ornamental rings, on which were inscribed suggestive representations and mottoes. At an earlier period this h® trothal-ring was a severe simplicity, con sisting of a plain iron band, bearing neither stone nor engraving, but sym bolical of the lasting bond of which it was the emblem. I t ib generally believed that the employ ment of .a gold baud as a wedding- ring came into common use, in England during the reign of George III., and from Eng land the fashion was'handed, over to America, then in colonial vassalage to Great Britain. The chief reason why the plain band has remained in vogue so long for a wedding-ring is its lack of ornateness which insures a lasting ornament without I removing for resetting or repairs <of any kind. Though plain bands remain the fashion-. ab!e wedding-ring, a good deal of extrava gance is often displayed in the engagement .ring. Diamonds, for a long time the re gular gage d'amour, now" divide that r honour with pearls, sapphires, and other gems. The Euglish style of wearing the engagement-ring on the third finger of the left hand where the latter becomes a guard to'the wedding-ripg, is now in vogue in this country. When to Maeev. Pjjobablt the best time for the average civlized woman to marry would be any age between 24 and 36. It is not said that no woman should marry earlier or later than either of these ages ; but youth and health and vigour are ordinarily at their highest perfection between these two periods. Very early marriages are seldom desirable for girls, and that for many reasons. The braio is immature, ; the reasons is feeble, and the character is unformed. The considerations which would prompt a girl to marry at 17 would in many cases have very little weight with her at 24. At 17 she is a child, at 24 a woman. Where a girl bias intelligent j parents, the seven years between 17 and *24 are the period when both mind and body are most amenable to wise discip line, and best repay the thought and toil devoted to their development. Before 17 few jgirls have learned to understand what life is,. what discipline,' what.duty jb. They cannot value what is best, either in the father's wisdom or in the mother's'tenderness. When mar ried at the childish period they are like yonng recruits taken fresh from the farm aud the workshop and hurried off to a long compaign without any period of' preliminary drill and training, or like a schoolboy removed from school to a curacy without being sent to the university or to a theological balL Who can help griev iug over a child-wife, especially if she have children, and a husband, who is an inexperienced, and possibly exacting boy-man 1 The ardour of his love soon cools ; the visionary bliss of her poetical 1 imagination vanishes like the summer > mist; there is nothing left but disap pointment and wonder that what promised to be so beautiful and long a days bould have clouded over almost before sunrise. # # How She Aoceped Hut. lit a tea-gown rare, all trimmed with lace, And tinted, like her shell-fair- face, With dainty pink, she poured my tea, And smiled with dimpling cheeks at me, Until 1 felt, though tea 1 loathe, That if my plain life she would clothe With her sweet, tea-gown self, I'd drink Of tea, and eat of toast and think That food and drink for gods to these Compared, were naught but dust and lees. But when I said, ' Wilt pour for me My tea through all our years to be f" She made a face, though smiling still: ' Pray make it coffee, and I will.' * * * The Demand foe Cosmetics. ' Is the use of cosmetics increasing V was the question put to the proprietor. ' Certainly it is,' said he. * All sorts of women use complexion remedies. We don't turns, *nUch jhrdj) 5wi pectole, *ho have llmirpgrnTwaj iBg'-OB, bps hveiy Sfcher'tgfrt ~ JkJls&rjn; the winter if even bods in their first season; haven't bloom enough .for a; Tbe washes and Enamels ooin»|l then. In su miner vomen whSf"1,1' •shopping step m/togets 'i so as mot to:go home dp rdmiier Bpiration. 'P8B»tliiwg<yso{ aor UteBd' ■ants is sent Xor-post haste ton fashionable . watering-place- to majte op a JOgulardus- i tomer for a hop, or.to repair a damage 3 after a yatchingdayin the,wind. xiShop- ] girls make up quite' generally. 1 don't believe their employers require it/eaabme" j say, hutthey.powder .and rouge as much I as society folks. No, we don^ often use.; cosmetics on "children, 'though onice id a while there is' a call for that sort of thing in preparation for "a child's party or bail. There-is one little tot «l six, whose mother is a rich widow, and terribly diB- - appointed because the,child, hasn't in herited her beauty, who,is brought here to bB made upabputaBoftenas children's a festivities goon.* ' * What proportion of women ace cos metics!' _ ' 3 * Xf you count.powder, two-thirds of the women biiy thai, Xshould suppose. W^jro it comes to roiige andjpaint.-and halms ten women have-them now to one when -I first went'intoVnsiness.' - Alack the day when one has to hunt for > the care woman with «clean: «kin.'^'^iAbd^ be it remembered all cosmetics arehnrtf ul in the snd.r -St. Lopis Gxpb e Demooblat. ; J 