FARM TOPICS, ; At the late show of the National Agricultural i Society it was more tlmu hinted that some of « the prize animals in the horse sections if sub- t jected to close inspection by a veterinary expert . would havo been condemned as unsound. 7 Although wo do not presume to speak positively . on the matter, the allegation, we fear, is only too truo. At almost every show the world over complaints of a similar character are quite common, and it would perhaps be claim ing a little too much to plead that tho . ordinary judge of horso flesh in Victoria . was alone infallible in this respect. The fact is, as has been proved time and again, the majority ; of men who act as judges at shows are often totally ignorant of what constitutes soundness in horses; this because they have not specially studied the anatomy of the animal upon which . they aro asked to give a decision as to its merit in other respects. The question of soundness is . one which only those skilled in veterinary Eoiencc can decide satisfactorily, and for tliat reason the assistance of the professional is abso lutely necessary to tbeshow ring. The ordinary judgo has no difficulty in detecting glaring omens of unsoundness, but in somo horses the si&ns; of disease or malformation are so deccptivo that he often fails to discern them. Even skilled veterinarians will somotimes differ in their opinious about the soundness of a horse, which goes to prove that scientific inspection is . all the more necossory. Tho system of veterinary ; inspection practised at the leading horse shows in England during recent years has had the most beneficial results. The directors of our National , Show ought to take advantage of such experience, . and appoint a committee of veterinary inspec- ; tors to examine the prize animals at least. The . inspection would cost nothing and occupy but \- little time, and tho satisfaction and value to the . successful exhibitors and to the. public would r he very great. The following remarks were made the other ' day by a speaker at tho dinner of the Daylcs- ford Agricultural Show : — "Ono of the best things for the Government to do, if it wanted to assist tho farmer, was to start a proper system of model farms in various parts of tho colony, where farmers could jump on their liorscs in the morning, visit the colleges, eco the special crops in all stages, get instruction, and tcturn to their homes in the evening. What was the use of a Dayleaford farmer going to thc 2)ookie Experimental Farm ? It was true they grew oranges, lemons and snob fruits there, but of what use was tho knowledge to him in this climate. They wanted to learn what crops were best suited for production in their own district, and how they could be most profitably grown here. Farmers could not undertake these experiments at their own cost, but tho State should take tlie matter up." Tho author of theso sentiments evidently wants to learn some thing more than he already knows about farm ing, but if he imagines that the Government will start model farms in every district of the colony ho is expecting more than ho is ever likely to see realised. It may be admitted that many of the experiments carried out at Dookie are not of much value to farmers at Daylcsford, but nt the same time the general principles of farming adopted ond found successful at the college are applicable to the whole colony. And as to farmers not. being able to undertake experiments at thoir own cost is downright non sense. Every farmer should be an experimentalist to a certain extent, even with an agricultural college at his very door, and until ho does experiment and find out exactly what crops and manures are best suited to his own particular soil and purpose he will never succeed in making his farm profitable. State help is a broken reed compared with self help. The co- operative system of dairying is slowly, but surely, making headway in Victoria. There are still, however, plenty of farmers who do not believe in dairying on this principle, contending that as much success is likely to be attained by individual effort as by the factory method. But this is a delusion which time and experience will doubtless dispel. The co-operative system has only to be tried to become the one and the only way of making butter that farmers will care to adopt; and in course of time, as factories become more general, "home made " butter will practically be driven out of the market. Nearly every farmer's wife has an idea that none can approach her in butter making. But dealers and consumers are demanding a more uniform article than can bo made by : farmers or their wives in tho old fashioned way, . a few pounds at a churning, and sent to market of a different quality each time. For exporta tion purposes this class of produce is entirely worthless. A uniform quality of the product can bo secured only by a uniform system of manufacture ; and independently of the great saving of labor effected, the advent of the fac tory will lead to other improvements of a profitable character. It is somewhat dis couraging to notice that a number of tho fac tories already started in the colony have not been so successful financially as anticipated. How ever, in nearly every case where inquiry into the cause has been made the wont of good management has been discovered to be the root of tho disappointment. Skilled dairymen who are able to take charge of a butter factory aro presently very scarce in Victoria, but a number of the recently formed companies have erred on the side of economy by engaging tho cheapest man they could find. The scarcity of skilled labor is a serious drawback to tho dairy industry of the colony, and the sooner the much talked of college to be established by the Government for tho special training of dairy men is set afloat the better. Visitors to the National Show at Flemington last month could not fail to observe the picturesque display of windmills on the grounds which gave such prominence to many of the leading implement stands. Theso machines, however, are not mere ornaments, and the great wonder is, to anj'one who has been accustomed to their use, why tho power of the wind is not more often made available on Australian farms for doing light work. In former days in tho old world the windmill was synonymous with a corn or flour mill, cheaply grinding tho farmers' grain, and adapt ing itself automatically to the changeful breezes. Tho steam engine, however, and improved methods of utilising water power, superseded the clumsy old flappers, which were laid aride with few 1 egrets, except perhaps for the ghost and weird stories with which their memory is associated. It was left to the genius of America to grapple with, and turn to good account, this free power, which invisibly, but not always gently, 6\veeps over hill and valley. Theso wind engines lmve now been very greatly improved in construction, and in America they are to bo seen busily working on almost every farm in the country. For the light work of pumping water, cutting fodder, grinding grain, threshing, or cutting firewood, a windmill may repay its co3t at least once a year, and with careful usage may last 40 or 50 years, or be replaced piecemeal as it wears in that time, and then be as good as new. A windmill is to be preferred before a great many of those other things over which farmers wasto mouoy uselessly. Attention may be drawn to tho fact that it is again the intention of tho Government to pro vide during the present year a sum of £150 in prizes for the best managed farms in Victoria. As formerly the money will be divided between tho northern and southern districts. The selec tion of the most suitable forma is to be entrusted to the agricultural societies, and nominations aro to bo sent in by tho 1st of October. It is to bo hoped that a larger number of entries will bo made this year than formerly. The interest taken in theso competitions has hitherto been of a very languid nature, which no doubt may partly be accounted for in tho' smallnces of tho prizes offered, and partly from tho regulations adopted by the Government. In the first place, a £50 prizo is no inducement for any farmer to make extra improvements on his form. If a sum ten times that amount were offered something new and worth seeing might bo looked for, as farmers would then really make some effort to gain tho prize. But for tho present premiums offered wo need never expect to see model farming en couraged or find tho competitors numerous. Further, tho practice of ollowiug previous years' winners to compete for the prizes is detrimental to tho scheme. Farmers gaining the first prize should not be allowed to enter again before a period of several years has elapsed. With theso improvements the Government farm prizes might become interesting, and of some practical value. Meantime they aro an absoluto waste of time and money. A correspondent asks for full information about growing buckwheat. Although this is a grain of less importance than some of the others, yet it takes its place among farm cropB. It can be sown after barley, rye or oats are harvested, tho ground being immediately ploughed, har rowed and about three pecks of seed sown to the acre, and the soil then thoroughly rolled. This crop being grown at a season of the year when the ground is often dry for weeks, rolling is absolutely imperative, or the crop will fail to germinate. Buckwheat, though not a large producing crop, is often Bown just to keep the laud in use for a partial crop rather than to grow a crop of weeds. The straw is worth nothing but for litter, the graiu, as is well known, is used largely for human consumption. It is also excellent food for fattening swine ; and poultry prefer it to all other grains. In some countries a great many farmers plant largely of this crop to plough under as a green manure. .Buckwheat requires particular care in harvesting and thrashing it. It has the habit of bearing ripe and half matured seed and blossoms and buds all at the same time. The seed, too, is held by a very slender stalk, which snaps very easily when it is dry ; upon this account it is cut early in the day, when the dew is on it. For these reasons tho newly harvested grain is moist and needs thorough drying. "When it is cut it is raked up in gavels, which arc not bound in sheaves, but are set up on end singly to dry. "When the straw is dry the crop is drawn in and thrashed directly from the field, and the grain must be at once winnowed from the chaff, or, being quite moist, the chaff will heat and spoil the grain. A dry, windy day is chosen for thrashing. The olean grain also requires closo watching to avoid heating in the bin, and it is usual to move it from one bin to another on a dry, windy day, or shovel it over, for the purpose of airing and drying it. Buck wheat is a sort of special crop, and as the flour is U6cd chiefly in the winter, the grain is usually Bold as soon as it is thrashed. By doing this a higher price is scoured aud all the dangers of keeping it are avoided. 