BkOHKMUmi NOTU. , , oaiiklldloVi ! wonder, hit opoa Bibrdinay idea of ro&V;'uig a seaside sfc. Wilaion'a Promon- theVlnirierof Lands is gravely UL'Um ia!si«tios, and discoursing L aboot - loo oaaltyics of the soil. Msr « within the- de« h the Minister of Lands, Bu.'dojrell , to consult tho Minister opraeihing about water — that is, of that sort. Tho fUyter informs the world that M|jrainfaU: at Wilson's Promontory It has been aa high as 56 "60. of tho Promontory is twico L.Melbourno, which is about Bfralns at Wilson's Promon- two hundred days in 'every' tut favored spot five rainy days in Melbourne. If it should a seaside resort, I beg to aug- Instead of the old fashioned ane of Watering place, it bo called iMriagplaco, Kilnce cne hero of tho fairy storv with tho gift of money which dead leaves at sunsot, no money HUsappeared so quickly as that of SHRcml world. Of course, I mean BsBsef stars and managers, for to tho knBwbdicf, stock actors very seldom money at all. The manager-gets a mp-the entettainment provided hits fancy, .the oaahattlcs into tho to the tune of a thousand |wunds QBBnd Ml is lovely. The manager and ;«KlV divide profits at the rate of , ten yMWptoVb year each, and their nver- ,N||HMff -Tsaaiifieence awes the lion- jfiflNMU Beholder. ' Alas 1 Tho great man HnMibia season, goes on tour and ' with a bushel of 'BMjfy . notices and no particular ad- $£%, the ; funds, bo took with him. yKpeks. to re-open with a bang, spends Ml|i|jbbandred pounds on preparing a jrijNMknfed increases the working expenses lSBfjlkease by a fifth at least, in order that y.iwtfjv't majmificcntly surrounded. But public havo had enough, and stay KJflui receipts dwindle to fifty, forty, ovcn cn PQQds per night— the i&jjflBjfiljttnutIo; with paper, and tho profits lHnrevious season tnclt liko a penny ico nepifeet.boy fist.- I should think tho ggjpjfejMnfol sensation a star can possibly mareh on at the head of a paste- which outnumbers tho bona fide jjliwdayi ago a nnmlier of ladies who had other at ecliool decided to re- |ll|HHj days of their girlhood, and set out a least, in secresy. They smuggled ?3jpa||fted fruit and candles ana pinkies into Ufoofft without .even the BcrvitnU what wm going on. They fried flfal.«rcr a gas jot, toasted chccsc on hair Bhnmed round Cakes and biscuits in tho CHpftpIp hi which they wcro bought, ami BBKwith' a counterfeit scurry, wiicu comestibles wero duly huddled BBIitirecn the sheets in tho truo ipMikfgirl fashion. But somehow tho en- MyRhmient was not a success. It was truo pHhWrnwuets, improvers, and cloves had SttSlMbftMnaly laid aside, and that every- BflliMPito sardines with their fingers and iftBppUd not to mind the oil on their frocks, EgRMMto personal anecdotes seemed more lpriNre than -thoy did in tho B0>yiben no one dared resent them K&MNr.bf; making a noise; and tho worst of the mlxtaro of raspberry tarts, I BBEjEPtJ luuks' custards, and potted ham, Hfliwniies. and fruit, and cakes, and. KmHRIIII and lemonade ,nnd currant wiiio Rnjil'lB tho guests so bilious that they Ryp> »p a disorder/ aud have uot spoken yB3|n: was a saVing nun, and sho was fspfe wtooralcal woman, and ho openly KMulabiniDa and bcnco to imprest Her, gvppn sccrctjy saved half-crowns and six- ftmjMllif <'fc> aurpriao him. And bis savings ifiWil 11 III a mil in. and amounted to 1/2 1 Is, EpMA-Mmi had reached a L5 note, which iu the secret pocket of -. aamo purse, in order that when Swrhngseu about ids hoard sho 2&«MMfstttko him dumb by directing bis m-MAMttaa.to tho plsqo.whero tho postago mgpppya-imgo» ui do. zxnu bud wcov on to ufrlimlM fct mother, and loft tho key nndcr for Mm? and ho, to imitate her I KmHMiay, wont away to have tea at J ack's,and key under tho mat for her, I jiMv.a.vsncakdbief found tho key and Kjpot'v/'rie' . and stole tho nurse, and Wout speak to him, bccausu I IfmSmVnd look after thoiouno And ho tVlHltapee k to her hecauso sho says that if JMPK Men mean onougli to tako proper caro WW. RIM sho would not havo lost her I tSrtffowduot©. -prophet, oath arisen' in Now Zealand, Jbs.-.'- is without honor in his i&jflrtt; aunntry. whero tho wicked newspapers Ma claims. Ho declares that ho Is hisTming tho sick by means of a proper- b'aad tho " numo oT tho prepemtion vWha.waicr f life. But nob to every una. SflnUkifch rcccivolh, but those that are in reMRgflrcrtlfo is . on ingenuous gentleman, Informs tho world to bind myself as an apprentcea i,<ii94h#printing trade, if allowed to shew my rratfl|p|l -for it.' But uno receiving any con- relumed to tho watchmaking utatttovfMtnd printing apparatui, and many ittlgMp>9Mi«eiite. andjurn out work aequal to -AMNMMyif tho gentlemen's "prcpcratiou" 1 yjS|Mn|Bod'aa bo says it is, ho must lie ac- ::fejMMipd kto be "aequal to other 'njMwauother New Zealand gem, but it 'wlmr, and not a prophet now, who laJjhBhitte head' of Prisdan. Here are tho sentences of a leading article on question. — "For Now Zca- .miincd a future— a part tn play yflRg|£lh. that, of no stato or nation TRBs9phgfc; world. Rho will havo liar her dlfficultios. No nation to much "who has not liad Mid sho might get rid of boiiio of Mttftrt timo ; get temporary relief by Dominion, but it would bo no ftSBdgfrjRMal. Starvation might bo pro- |9R£m!»:-'V bht the birthright would bo BRwNii .and ' gone for ever to Australian ; t « Austruuau uacona is apicnuni. OKI whore, is tho Australian Jacobs, at does ho do with himself when ho aHHRaft'vdRmiiig Now Zealand "an Ksan'a - envied the man who tnkoa charge RgslRRpiftimTient— I mean tho np on Fish in London, besung by Popo, Sra,>iaBPSt<oh's oohimn, pelnUag to the ikJw, BffivjrnMllifl belly, lilts IU hsad andoca" interesting to liavo a wlipiflie hnndred foot high, and to have it raMUijrilnelf, Hot I find there 'is a man SSglSBWwPifr In Victoria. I don't know 8filB|R|H'«f bis ftouso or the number of its ho has a Government roturu all IXBjRMf) made by Mr JcnkinB, sigood by printed by Mr Brain, presontod Honaos of Parliament under the pro- 0Eew«kotlon 12 of tho Act 52 Viet., No. i available- to you and mq if wo gflHnilklxpeucb'for it. Tho roiurn Is fkow tho names of all persons torn- <i«Bjfeemployedin tho department of tho |BWv« Amembly under tho Oflicors' of %HWhAot." It contains tho one nanio BgnjRKfRLWatt, doorkeeper, employed at a RjMHBRjlMKon of ' 8a per aav since Re9H|BkL aud still employed In aHKBallkoeper Perkins, temporarily HHptotbewablloWorksdonartmont, 1 analogy between tho position Kdleman and that of tho man Dlekens desuribos as guard- Mfir of the -Monument whon Tom " It's sixpence each," as the lady and gentleman O, Crikey 1 it'e worth evor to stop outside." I'm suro I' that refleotion I, like Mr had the honor to be hall- Awguianve Aasomniy.' journalist, .naaoa Crofat, wnber as writing, a description trans-continental railway, in Prairie station Was tnado to or San Francisco, baa Rtflattarly to thetaakof recording of American' - patentees, a genius' who has applied for a' weight or a spooiflo eow'a tail to prevent it when yen' are toetbsr wbo his .actually ob-. the application of stUU uo adjustable, two legs of tho raise that sldo and to drag a. plough on third gentleman means of which trains that do they arc awaited. < riikted th. tnmllgr sets into tho swing whioh hangs anove ine line and ia swung by steam power.' At the moment when tho oxprcss is beneath him ho is shot out of the swing on. to thu roof of the. cairiago, whence ho may descend at leisure if bo can and tako his scat." ..Shfulo of 8ilbon, what do you say to this Rt know what .should say. It would be, "No, thank you, not for me." The old jest books published at Tbcbcs in tho days when Joseph ruled Kgypt had % story 'of a young girl whoso memory was so good -that aljo remembered hcariog her mother's patterns clink on the pavement .a month before cho was born. ' That interest ing young person's powers of imagi nation havo been cast into tTio shado by a transmigration story told by an eminent Melbourno doctor now 'verging into the scro and yellow leaf. Thirty years ago a lady patient of Ids rau n nocdlo into her arm, which, during tho next- few years, could be traced as it tnado its unpleasant way from point to point of her anatomy, but could never l«c extracted. At lust the pain ceased, and the circumstanco was almost forgotten ; but a fortniglit ago, being called upon to attend her youngest daughter's last baby, ho Huccccdcd in extracting the nccdio from tho infant's head. Ho is now preparing a paper "on the hereditary transmission of foreign bodies accidentally' mtroduccd iuto tho human system." I um delighted to hear that tho British Medical Association havo succeeded in tabu lating tho averages of Ufo among total abstainers and moderate drinkers and intemperate people. Leaving out the odd days, tho average age of the total abstainer at death is 51 years, that of tho temperate drinkor fill years, of frcu drinker 57 years, of the decidedly intemperate drinker 53 years. The only sort of drinker who doca not live as long as the total abstainer is the careless drinker, who has only 50 years sot against his name. Tho careless drinker, 1 opine, is tho gentleman who takes any thing liquid that tomes in his way— from the kerosene whisky of the lambing-down bush shanty to tho champagne which Madame Jezebel dispense at her aftcr-thn- theatre reunions. Ilo cannot expect to live long, even if ho docs not get his head laid open with a win© bottle but even ho gets on very, nearly as well aa tho gentleman who washes down his unlimited beef with tho germ-hiding Yau Yean. It was ouo of those unfortunrte meetings which arc held to enable the manager to ex plain the reason why tho ghost docs not walk, and according- to: the cus tom : mailo and provided for these by no' meatus unprecedented occasions, the great Mr' Buskin " broke down overcome by emotion." These meetings would never go' off well unless tho speaker "gave to pity all lie had, a tear," which ia the signal for lovely woman to chip in to th» rescue, and swcAr sho would not have it otherwise, or for faithful man to step forward when she proves obdurate, as she sometimes docs, to proficr hi friendly band and tender ins Hyinpathciic shoulder to be wept upon; It was llio leading lady who came out thin time. Sho leaned over and put her band upon the heaving coat sleeve with which the chieftain smothered hin sobs, and said, "Oh, do not give way, dear dear Mr Buskin 5 we shall all inauugo well enough, and brighter days will come again, and so on." Thus supported, he resumed his oration, and nil would have Eonu well hud qot "his utternnco again ccn choked with grief." A lovely aud majestic phrase that, and one which would, 1 believe, comfort tno if 1 had lo go without salary. This timn a second lady, fired hy a spirit of emulation, sprang to his other side, and coiisoled him, "Do uot ween for un, dearest Mr Buskin," she sain, "for you we can bear anything almost." But a howl of laughter split thu roof. Tho second lady 'was no other than tho young person who nssintcd tho other young ticrson lo 'nwccp out llio circle. Rho hail est her wages, poor thing ! and sho was sincerely anxious to help her employer; Buskin maintained to his dying day that her misplaced symiMthv was thu reason why tho meeting broku up 111 disorder after refusing any compromise. 