The Ingoldsby Legends,. S BY THOI3LS LNGOLDSBY, ESQ. -0 It is on my own personal reminiscences that 1 I draw for the following story : the scene of its leading event was moat familiar to me in early life. If the principil actor in it be yet y living, he muat have reached a very advanced age. lIe was often at the Hall, in my infancy, on professional visits. TIHE GHOST. TuEni stands a City,-neither large nor emall, Its air and situation sweet and pretty; S It matters very little-if at all, VWhether its denizene are dull or witty, Whether the ladies there are short or tall, 1Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a city 1 Perhaps 'tis also requisite to minute That there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it. A fair Cathedral, too, the story goes, And kings and heroes lie entombed within her; There pious saints in marble pomp repoe,' Whos bshrines are worn by knees of many. a sinner; There,.tao, full many an aldermanic nose Roll'd its loud diapason after dinner ; And there stood high the holy sconce of ] Becket, -Till four assassins came from France to crack it. - The castle was a huge and antique mound, Proof against all th' artillery of the quiver, Ere those abominable guns were found, To send cold lead through gallant warriors liver. ] It stands upon a gently rising ground, Sloping down gradually to the river, Resembling (to compare great things with smaller) A well-scooped, mouldy Stilton cheese-but taller. The Keep, I hear, 's been sadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-clad knights, of honour jealous, In martial panoply so grand and stately, Its wllat are filled with money-makling fallows, And stuff'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, With leaden pipes, and coke, and coals, and bellows ; In short, so greath change has come to pase, I 'Tis now a mrnnufactory of Gas. But to my tale.-Before this profanation, And ere its ancient glories were cut ehort all, l A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station 1 In a emall house just opposite the portal; I His birth, his parentage,, and educetion, I know but little of-a strtmag odd mortal; n His aspect air and gait, weroeall ridiculous ; His name was Iason-he'd been christened Nicholae. Nick had a wife possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon persuasion ; But spite of all her piety, her arm ,: She'd sometimes exercise when in a passion; And, being of a temper somewhat warm, Would now and, then seize; upon small occasion, " . A stick, or atool, or anythingthat round did ,. lie, . And boaste her lord and master most con foundedly. No matter 1- tis a thing that's not uncommon, .'Tis what we have ill heard, and most have read of I mean',a bruising pugilistic wouman, Suchas I own I entertain a dread of,' ,i s -And so did Nick, whom sometimes there e would come on SA sort of fear his siouse might:knock his Shead off, I Demolish half his teeth, or drive a rib in, She uhoneso much in facers and in fibbing. " There's time and place for all things," said ' a n asge, I (King Solomon, I think,) and this I can say, 1 Within a well-roped- ring, or on a stage, Boxing may be a very pretty Fancy, r When Messrs. Burke or Bendigo engage ; .--'Tis not so well in Susan.Jane or Naucy :-. STo get well mill'd byRany one's an evil, But by a lady-'tis the very Devil.: And no thought licholas, whose only trouble *(At least his worst) was this his rib's propensity ; For sometimes from-the alehouse he would bobble. -His senses lost in a sublime immensity Of cogitation-then he cotildn't cobble, 'And then his wife 'would often tr : . density might; As fast as kitctheni-wenches strikea lighl ", Maoson, meek soul, who over hated strife, Of this same striking had the utmost dread, He hatedit like poison-or his wife-- ' ' A vast antipathy !-but'so he said-' • a And very often for a quiet life, ' a On theseoecasions he'd sneak up to.bed,.: > Grope darkling in. and, soon as at the door. f He heard his lady-he' dpretend to snore. SOne night, then; ever partial to society, r : Nick, witlh a frienid (anotheir jovial:fellow), Went to a'Clnb-I should hive said Society SAt the. City Armes," once called the Ports c Bello. Spouting party, which, though some decry \- Consider no bad lounge when one is mellow'; There they discuss the tax on imt and leather, s And change of ministers and ehange of weather. a In short; it was a kind of British Forum, I Like John Gale Jones'i, erst in Piccadilly, g Only they managed things with more decorum, a And the Orations were not quite so silly; Far different questions, too, would come before 'ems Not always Politic, which, will ye nill ye, Their London prototypes wero always willing To give one 0uantum suf. of-for a shilling It more resembled one oi lateir date; s And tenfold talent, as I'm told, in Bow Street, Where kindlier-natured oiuls do congregate; S And, though there are who deem that same r a low street, SYet I'm oassured, for frolicsome debate SAnd genuine humour it's surpassed by no street, Wheu the "Chief 3aron" enters, and assumes To "rule" o'er mimic "Thesigers" and r "Broughlums." SHere they would oft forget their Rulers' faults, And waste in ancient lore the midnight S taper; Inquiire if Orphens first produced the Waltz, liow Gas- lights differ from the Delphic Vapour, Whether Hippocrates gave Glauber's Salts, SAnd what the Romans wrote on ere they d e Ipper . This niight tohe sub~ject of their disquisitions SWitas Ghosts, HLogoblius, Sprite, and Appari. tions. SOue learned gentleman, ".a sage grave man," Talk'd of the Ghosat in Hamlet, "sheath'd in steel" e His well-read friend, who next to speak began, d Said, "That wan Poetry, and nothing real; " A third, of more extcnsive learning, ran To Sir George Villiero' Ghost, and Mrs. 0 Of lheeted Spectres spoke with ahorten'd tbreath, o And thrice he quoted Drelincourt ,n Death. t ick smked, and smoked, and trembled as he Slherardt The poinat discuss'd, and ail they said upon it,, \- How-, frequently, some murdr'd man ap. S peat'd, S To till hia wife and children who had done it; Or how a maise's ghost, with grieoly beard, S And pale kan visage, in an old Scotch bonnet, Iauder'ld aboult to watch his buried money; When all at once Nick heard the clock strike le One--he A Sprang from his seat, not doubting but a it lecture e Impended from his fond and faithful She; loe ?or could he well to pardon him expect her, It For he had promised to coma home to tea; s Butt havitig luckily the key o' the back door, eI He fondly hoped that, unperceived, he id lMiht creep upstairs again, pretend to doze, e And hoai his spouse with muzie from his nose. to Vain, fruitless hope !--The weary Eentinel to At eve may overlook the crouching foe, Ig Till, ere his hand can sound the ahlarum-bell, s He silnkls beneath the uinexpected blow; Before the whiskers of Grimutlkin fell, A When olumb'ring on her post, the mouse r may go Iss But woman, wakeful woman, 's never weary, s -Above all, when she waitsl to thump her dcary. Soon Mrs. Mason heard the well-known tread; S She heard the key slow creaking in the door, Spied, throught the gloom obscure,towards the F btd Nick creeping soft, as oft he had crept before ; When, bang, she throw a something at his A head, And Nick at once lay prostrate on the floor; While she exclaimed, with her indignant face on SHow dare you use your wife so, Mr. Mason I" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, Especially the length of her oration Spare we to tell how Nick expostulated, l Roused by the bdrmp into a good Eet pas ston, So great, that more than once he execrated, Ero he crawl'd intobed in hir usual f.ahion ; -The Muses hite brawls ; suffice it then to, say, He duck'd below the clothes--and;:there he lay I 'Twas now the very witching time of night, When churchyards ysaio, and graves give up their dead, And many a mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead, And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight, To play his pranks near some poor wretch's bed, Sleeping, perhaps serenely as a porpoise, Nor dreaming of this fiendish Habenas Corpus. Not so our Nicholas : his meditations Still :to the same tremendous theme re curred, The same dread subject of the dark narra tions, • Which, back'd with such authority, he'd heard : Lost in his own horrific contemplations, He pondcr'd o'er each well-remembered wored; When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, } He verily believed-he saw-a Ghost 1 Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantial eprite To his astonishl'd gaze each moment grew ; Ghastly and gaunt, it rear'd its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the view, And round its long, thin, bony fingers drew A tatter'd vtiuding sheet,, of course all wilte; The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, Nick very plainly saw it through tIte sJroudl And now those matted locks, which never yet 4 Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, Their long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force; Nay, o'en the very cap, of texture coarse, Whose ruby cincture crown'd that brow of I jet, Uprose in agony-the Gorgon's head WYasbaut a type of Nick's up.sqciating in the \- bed. From'every poreldistill'd a clammy dow, 'Quaked every limb-the candle,- too, no doubt, r t Ba rcgle, would have burnt extremely blue,: But Nick tinlickily had put it out ; And he, though naturally bold and stont; . In short, was in a most tremendous stw ; The room was fill'd with a sulphurcous smelli But where that came from Mason could not Stell... All motionless the Spectre stood-and no;w :Its rev'rend form more clearly shone confeat, From the pale cheek a beard of purest snow Descended o'er its venerable breast ; The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furrow'd brow, Told o yearsa long gone by.-An awful guest It stood, and with an action of command, -. Becko?n'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand: ",Whence, and what art thou; Execrable SShape I" Nick might have cried, could he hove found a 'tongtiu'e, But his distended jaws -cinld only gap '. -And'not a sound upon the welkin rung: His, gooseberry drbs ?eem'ad a sthey. would Shave sprung .. Forth from their sockets--like a frighten d' Ape H?e sat upon his haunches, boalt upright.,. -": ' And ahook, and:grine 'd,. and chatter'd with And still the shadowy finger, lone and lean, Now beckti'd Nicki noiw pointed to the Sdoor; ... .., And many an: ireful glance, and frown, be tiveen," The angry visage of the Phantom wore, As if quite vex'd that Nick would do no mnore :Than stare, without e'en asking, "What a nr.a-055 we m am enCiOl-=nsd a OOjiiketo,, h aste, like thi ladies, never speak till:tepke to. Cowards; 'tis said, in certain situiition?, Derive a sort of courage from despair, ": And then perform, from downright despera : tion ,. " - " Much more than many a bolder man would dare. . Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a passion, And therefdro groping tillt be found the -chair, Seiz'd on,his vl, crept softly out of bed, And follow'd'qiuakiag where-the Spectre led. And" down thebs winding stair, with noiseless tread, . Theo enant of the tomb pass'd elowly on, Each mazy turning of the humble shed . " Secm'd to his step at once familiar grown," , So safe and sure the labyrinth did he tread As though the domicile had been his own; Though Nick himself, in passing through the shop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, The door ponu its hinges open flew; - And forth the Spirit issued--yt aroond It turn'd, as if its follower's fears it knew, And, once more beckoning, pointed to the mound, . The antique keep, on which the bright mooi Sthrew . . With such effulgence her mild silvery gleam, The visionary form :seemn'd melting in her Sbeam. -. - . . Beneath a pond'rous anrehway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis swung sub lime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, Sole, sad memorials of the olden time, The Phantom held its way-and though afraid Even of the owla that sung their vesper chime, Pale Nicholas pursued, its steps attending, And wondering what on earth it all would end in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recess At length they reach a court obscure and lone It eeem',t a drer and desolate wildlerses, The blacken'd wlls with ivy all o'ergrown ; The liight.bird shriek'd her note of wild dis Disturb'd upon her solitalry throne, As though indignant mortal step should dare, So led, at-such an hour, to-veanturo-there 1i -The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Nick thought an iron ring, But then a neighbourig chlanticleer awoke, And loudly 'gan his early matinasing; Alnd then "it started like a guilty thing," As his shrill clarion the silence broke. -'It known how .much dead gentlefolks eschew The appalling sound of " COck-a- doodle-do ! " The vision wIcr no more-anl hNick alone " Ilia streamers waving" in the midnight wind, Which through the ruins ceased not to groan; -His girment, too, wan'somewhat short behind SAnd, worst of all, he knew not where to find The ring--which made him most his finte bemoan The iron ring-no doubt of some trap-door, 'Neath which the old dead miser kept his store. "What's to be done?" he cried; "'Tivere vain to stay Here in the dark without a single clue. Oh, for a candle now, or moonlight ray ! 'Fore George, I'm vastly puzzled what to dn," (Then clnpp'd his hand behind)--"'Tis chilly, too I'll mark the spot and come again by day. What c.n I mark it by h-Oh, here's the wall The mortar's yielding-here I'll stick my awl!" Then rose from earth to sky a withering shriek, A lioud, a lung-protracted note of wee, Such as when tempeste roar, nand timbers creak, And o'er the side the masts in thunder go; · hile on the deck resistless billows break, \- And drag their victims to the gulfs below; Such was the scream when, for tho want of Nick Manon:drove his awl in un tothe handle. Scared by his Lady's heart-appalling cry, Vanish'd at once poor Mason's golden dream- W For dream it was; and all his visions high, Of wealth and grandeur, fled before that (T scream Ti And still he listens with averted eye, When gibing neigihbours make "the Ghost" Ti their thoem ; While ever from that hour they all doelare That Mrs. Mason used a cushion in her chair? Cnfound not, I beseech thee, reader, the A sabject of the following monody with the hap: F less hner, cf the tea-urn, Cupid, of " Yow Yaow "-ing memory. Tray woo an attached and sincere friend of many yeara standing. A .Most people worth loving have had a mute favourite or two of this kind ; Lord Byron says he " never had but one, and here he (the dog, not the nobleman) lies I" THE CYNOTAPI. T Poor Tray charmant ! Poor Tray do iaon ami r Doegbury and Vergrs. On ! where shall I bury my poor dog Tray, Now hi fleeting breath has passed away ? Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen him gambol, and frolic, asu play, Evermore happy, and frisky, and gay, As though every one of his mouths was May, And the whole of his life one long holiday Now he's a lifeless lump of clay, Oh I whtro shall I bury my faithful Tiny I Inm almost tempted to thiak it hard That it may not be there, in you sunny churchyard, Where the green willows wave O'er the peaceful grave, Which holds all that once was honest and brave, Kind, and eourlteous, and faithful, and trues; Qualities, Tray, that were found in you. But it may not be-yon sacred ground, j By holiest feelings fenced around, May ne'er within its hallowed bound a Receive the dust of a soul-less hound. I would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sun through the storied pane Throws on the pavement a cri;eqsonstain; Where the banners of chivalry hbavily awing O'er the pinoaeled tomb of the Warrior King, With helmet and shield, and all that sort of Ihing. No !--come what may, My gentle Tray Shan't be an intruder on bluff Harry Tudor, Or panoplied monarchs yet earlier and ruder Whom you see on their backs, In steno or in wa, - Though the Sacristans now are " forbidden to nr" For. what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous . ta;" - While the Chartists insist they've a right to go snacks Nul-Trmy's. humble tomb would look but shabby, , 'Mid the sculptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Bsidles, in the place oThey say there's not :. space ; ;' To bury whnt wet-iurses call "a Babbv." Even "Rairo Ben Jonson," that fashomns wight, ;I am told, is initerr'd there bolt upright,. In justimtich a posture, beneath his bust, As Tray used to sit in to beg for a crust. \- The epitaph, too, Would scarcely do: For what could it say, but, "Here lies Tray .' A very good sdrt of a dog in his dayl " Aid satirical folks might be slapit to imagine it Meant as a quiz on the House of Plantagenet. No I no '!-The Abbey may do very well : Forea feudal "Nob," or poetical "Swell," " "Crusaders," or "Poets," or "Knights of St. John," Or Knights of St. John's Wood, who last year went on To the eastlr of Goobtr e?rbrc ?Iglftonnr. Coust?Fiddle-fumkin, and Lord FPiddle-laddle, "Sir.Craven," "Sir Gael," and "Sir Campbell .of Saddoll,' (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heaild of the feat ;;. ... . - Was 'somehow knack'd out of his family : seat;") : SThe Esquires of the rbody To my Lord \- Tomnoddy;s . "Sir Fairlie," 'Sir Lamb," . SAsid the "Knight of the Ram," . The,"Knight of the Rose," and the ' Knight of the Dragon," Who,eRafe at the flagon, And prog in the . waggon, The newspapers tell us did little to " brag on ;' And more, though the Muse knows but:little . conceruingi em,g " Sir Hopkins," "Sir Popkins," "Sir Gage," and ' Sir Jerningham." - All. Prsea ClJerafiar-, in friend?i?yivasl vad . 'Wlhe en6uld bieel nieiugbh-kl.i th glr o t Chi , alry. -(Prey be so good, for the sake of my song, To pronounce here the anti pennlthiate long; Or some hyper-critic niil certainly cry, "The word' Chivalry ' is but a 'rhyme to the eye.' " And I own it is clear. A fastidious ear, Will be, more or"les,- always annoyed with you when yoqninsert any rhyme that's not perfectly genuine.':' ,, . :- .., As to pleasing the :eye," -'Tis''t worth ;while to try,:; : Since: Moore andiTom Campbell theniselves admit "spinach,"' Is perfectly antiphonetic:to " Greenwich.") But stay :l1- s-ay I : - :; ' . Let me pause rhile I may- - This digression is leading me sadly astray. From my object-A grave for my poor dog ; - Tray I I would not place him beneath thy walls,. And proud o'ershadowing d,me, St. Pours I Though I've always consider'd Sir Christopher S Wren, . -As an architect, one of the greatest of men ; And, talking of Epitaphs---much I admire his, "S ircsurspice, fi Jfoanumenlum rgufrsei; " Which an erudite Verger translated to me, . If you ask for his monument, Sir-come-spy see* a -" No l--I should not know where To place him there; I would not have him by surly Johnson be ; Or that Queer-looking horse that is-erolling on S Ponsonby Or those ugly minxes The sister Sphynxes, Mix'd ereatures, half lady, half litnsca, crqo, (Denon says), the emblems of Leo and Virgo; On one of the backs of which singular jumble, Sir Ralph Abercromnbie is going ta tumble, With a thump which alone were enough to Sdespatch him, If th Scotchman in front shouldn't happen to catch him. No ! I'd not have him there- nor nearer the dooeer, Where the Mian and the Angel have got Sir John Moore,* And are quietly letting him down through the floor, Near Gillespie, the one who escaped, at Vellore, Aloue from the row; Neither he, nor Lord Hown Wouldllike to be plagued with a little Bow. wow. No, Tray, we must yield, And gofurther sn-fcld; Toulay you by Nelson were downright effron tr'y ; -We'll bhe off from the City, and look at the country. • In the autolimn of 1052, Captain Maelwin having hinted that aertain eauntiful ines on tie ,lrial of this gallant oeticr inight hav been the lroduction oft Lord ronl' 2ilie, thle ute ir. Sydney Taylor, Tsomehat iondinuntly, clhieoed tihem for their rigiitful oiler, he i late le. Ch.iy . Wliei . Douring the controverya thirdn eltanoimanst s etld ni in tl Irlrso of a oaol-ai.iii t "aoctor Olorahali," bho turned out to hb a Durhaim blckomith, and his ire tenlsions:- hooa. It tas tthen tilit rcertin "Doctor Pt'eppirc-ri" pilt fIrtl his pretensitons, 1o i llo t hIe avarred -no a tha oanly " atrue ad idrigianl" vrstio A ln: aot a se;1s011 hae gt--not a guinam 0r noto, And ha look'd confoundcdly furried, Au he tolted away without paying hia shot, And the Landlady after hsl, heaTiod. Vs saw him again at dced of night. \- When home from tho dub retul"ning; Vs twigg'd the Doctor beneath the light Ott the go- ?i.np brilliantly buoning. All hare, and caposod to tha midnight dosa, Ieclinoied in the gitter wo found himj: And he loo'a lid e a gentlemlan takiat a mooao, With his Masraliul cloak aro mdl hid. t The Doctor's as drunk as the d-," we said, And we mianaged a shutter to horrow - We rtisne tile, and sighed at the tlaught that hiehbead Volould "e'oosumedly ache" on tie morrow. We hore him home. and we put him to bed, And we told hie wifa and his daugiiter To give lim, next mauling, a couple of red Blerringa, with aoda-water. Loudly they totlk'd of hib money that's gone, And hia Lady began to nphmid him; Bet ilttle ho roet'd, so tihiy let him enore on 'eath the counterspno Just as we lold hia. We tuoc'd him in, and had hardly done Wheo,, hansath the window calling. We board the rough volce of a son of a gun Of a wratohensa " One o'oek' " awoing. Slowly ald radly v,- all walk'd down F'roahinroma tou tha upprnost atorcry A rushlight ne plhesd on the old hearth-stone, hnd se left him alone in his glory. " Ad4 It shall not boe there, In that sepulchred square, - " Where folks are intcrr'd for the sake of the air, (Thoogb, pay but the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they grant.to Thuggs, and Iin dos, Tuwks, Ifidels, Itereties,.J3,nmpers, and Jews). Where the tombstones are placed In the very beet taste, At the feet and the head Of the elegant Dead, And no one's received who's not " buried in lead ;" For, there lie the hones of Deputy Jones, Whom the widow's tears, and the orphan's groans Affected as much as they do the stones Ilis executors laid on the Deputy's bones; Little rest, poor kiavo l Would he have it his grave ; Since Spirits, 'tis plain, Are sent back again, To roam round their bodies-the bad ones in paln Dragging after them sometimes a heavy j.tck hain ; -Whenever they met, alarm'd by its groans, his Ghost all night long would be barking at Jone'sa. Nor shall he be laid By that cross Old Mlaid, Miss Penelope Bird-of whom it is said All the dogs in the Parish were always afraid. He must not be placed By one so strait laced In her temper, her taste, and her morale, and waist, For 'tis said, when she went up to heaven, and St. Peter, Who happened to meet lHer, Came forward to greet her, She pursed up with scorn every vinegar fean ture, And 'bade him "Get out for a horrid Male Creature " So the Saint, after loolkig as if he could eat her. Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing- or able-to heat her, Sent her back to.her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With an epithet which I decline to repeat here. No-if Tray were interr'd By Penelope Bird, No dog would be e'er so be-" whelp "ed and be-' cur "red All the night long her cantankerous Sprite Would be running about in the pale moon light, Chasing him round, and attempting to lick The ghost of poor Tray with a ghost of a stick. Stay I-let me see I-- Ay-here it shall be At the root of this gnarled and time-worn tree, Where Tray and I Would often lie, And watch the light clouds as they floated by In'the.biiod expanse of the clear blue sky, When the sun wras bidding the world good-bye ; And the plaintive Nightingale, warbling nigh, Poured forth her mournful melody ; While the tender Wood-pigeon'ei cooing cry Has made me Eay to myself, with a sigh, "Howle niceo you would eat-with a steak in a pie I " Ay, here it shall bo!-- far, far from the view Of the noisy world and its maddening crew. Simple and fewr, Tender and true The lines o'er his grave.--They have, some of them, too, The advnhtage of being'renarkably riew. Afiliction sore Loing tie he bore, Physicians were in vain ! Grown blihd, alas.lb.he'd Sosme Prussio S Acid, And that put him out'of his pain !: Hos ego versiculos fei, tuhit alter hoorea. I wrote the lines- -'-owned .them-he told S storiesl- . TanHoas LgGoLnsnY. 