W1ANDERINGS IN ASIA. By lt a soe Ceinsrpr ?F?or ?'au rGiA TO TrsCt?icrow. I want en luard the rt-amer Wuehaug t 11 S'doo at :ight, as s!e aras sapposel to ! 'r. o ShauLh 'I for ": entill·n Vern earl- the feoloa--ng : momrinm. It was a night 'of swee: refection. TLhe rattle a l dlatter of a steam winch load:n cago, the thuds of the cargo itsef ' i: w.e dropped on th' dlec. and the peculiar cries of the c olies-'or wiehoat seioe cutrioos shig-onr no A?s'tie setL5 to ba ane to o wort-male a i reerr Ialo o'f leos-,au:s?nlra noiLo.-. In the mom ng aye btes.an d rn:d th..We : o- fiercr, enteral the brat :euarl of the Y-a ngita s Kis.n. -a- wv-t, srin in the blne ocen north w.uml leaunt. 1h,-'v are some larts of this em.a: sr11 o s a;.- .i rantd-f,?s??I that it would a be dathr to shi.'-reied e mariners to bl. c- t uIxu t"hem. 'fTh f 0!o. sn, day we atrivat at Cacfo. the i: oarie warmntlc-:? . in Chin wawa 0"f am I -w. -it: ~ci:ne o'd praecijpin on the other site of thea ?y. and numbers of aer- striking istan l standing o:i some diastnce 1ro?: the selah.Lul. IIu the afterncon we ramndei a precdiitus cape,. aind were in th- Gulf' of Pe-chi-li. or Pe-che:-!c. U'p to this time wehad had a fair weather .?assse, but during the evening a change took pace. and betweeO 9land 11 u'clo:k we had what I may term a storm sluei. Tao wind sad/nly rac into a gate, the wa:er canme tealir.eg oaver the forlct of thoe te.ner until at length I thought: we wereabout to expen:i ence a .-plhoo. About ii o'clock the to nult c~a' . su aysia it h.ad be.gi:u. and in short timrere were in co:nllratirvel smoth w.tt a gain. The early monr g saw us off the Take ha. Than I tsd a new experrience. In all mr stoamr-.traveiinr u p to thatt ime-Ihad be?? accuLtomaed to get. to some harbounr, or ran along-sde iome pier. to discharge either pas segurs or argo, but on this occsion the steam: drppe.t anchor, and prscredlJed to un load about half her cargo irto barges. rolling and tbbloin_ about meanwhile. in order to so lighten herself as to be able to get over the tbr. In about eight hours we were reaod. and the Wuchang went ahead. In a minute or two there came the carious grating sound which proclimein we were on the sand, and the ve?iel s?oeem to shiver as she plounhed through it. Some'ines we almost stopped, and then was great excitement on bord, for that might mean our aing on the bar for twent?-fonr hours: but he miget rvower of steam was not to be deie, an ; slowly but surelr we pushed our war ahead until it almost appeared as if with a leap our steamer surmounted the last ridge ofsan.and we werein the fee water of the Pei-ho river. The greater part of the gulf of Pe-chili is e-tremely shallow towards the shor, and slopes so gently that as the captain stated it, "Yo might put on a full bead of steam, let every mnn go to sleep,and the vessel would run on shore so gradunoly that none of them awould be awakened hby it-" 'erhaps there's a little trifle of imagination in that statement, but the reval maning of it is that running auhore would mean no danger, except in astorm. Onceon the Pei.ho a few minutes brought us opposite the famous Taho Forte. These are said to be im mensely strong now, but the impresaion left on mn mnd was that they are btiul ver Chines NecerLhleles, I take it the days of French and Britieh tleet nailing up the Ple ho to andtroops for the attack of Pekin are past and gone. The bar at the entrance will stop the ironchds, and modern mines and torpl? will effectnall prevent another naval promenade: to Tientsin. At first the Pel-ho is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be impos=isle to munver to the mind of the reader the character of the steen as we progress?d onwards. To say i: wae twiseod or tortuous is to nrc language conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of the extraor-dinry Pel-ho. What thoe indiarubber gentmeien who tie themselves into all sorts of anaeing hoits ae among performers is this sinuous, srakv staro:n among rivers. Th'nre are alo maroilol sandhanks ana spits to be avoided. and sudden caretrat to be wrestled with, so that neart every time a steamer goes up or down she either slices off a bit of one of the village which crowd on the banks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies there, occasionally a couple of days at a time, lashing and churning with her screw until she wriegles otlsomehow. Now andthen a junkiscutdown and has to be paid for, so that it can easily be understood with what feelings the average captain regards the Pre-ho. The taoubles of the soft-spoken navigators, however, came to an end, and at last we reached Tient sin-one of the dreariest places. I should imagine, in the Chinese emlire. Flat unon tefesting-the European arrt tame and common place, the Chinese part. unusually dirty and slualid-it is one of the last places in China would desire to live in. Yet-sowonderfully is this world full of compenatioos-thev told me Tientsin is one of the liverliest places in the nortl of China for "society," eepdallv daring the winter months. I hope it is so, and that the good people there are not deluding themselves or their visitors. They deserve mane joyp to make up for their most unpictur esgue and dreary town. About a fortnight before I arrived there had been great excitenent among the Chinese on acount of some ridiculous story being dirc lated about the French misioinanes havng kid napped a child, and it was feared for a time that there was a possbilitv of a renewal of the rioting which took place a few years a?o when the CatholLc Cathedral was destroyed and a number of riests and nuns murdered-an episde still known as the Tientsin mancre. There wasa very uncomfortable feeling exsting in the minds of the Eesropeans, and it , astonlihing how quickly the contaon of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to be groundless, but they were entirely naturaL The ruins of the Catholic cathedrsl stand at the endof the town-a grim memorial of the past and a frowning reminder for the future. The people who have lived in these narts for yeavrs get to be both cale and callous about ?hese alarms, and in a sense to lose their sense of due proportion as to danger. The new arrival, on the other hand. may think far too much of rumours and exciements. until, after a while, he also gets uase- hardened. Itis well that itis so, for otherwise life would be intlerable. Tientein is proud, cr should be, in the pos. session of one of the ablest edited journals in China, the f'ii,'s ' Tioe:r. It is a small paper, but of great literary merit, and performs the reryuseial function, among other things, of translating the cntoots of the Pekin official journal in which are published the ordinances and State papers of the Government. I read with the greatest interest the memorial of Li-Hung-Chang, in which he set forth the reasons why the railway from Taku to Pekin oughtto be constructed. IMan were given, but the chief one was the necessie? of a railway in case of war. Six mnth3 lateron, Imetaiyoung English engineer going oat to lake part mn the construction of the line. and the wark wer? actu?lly commenced. Since then I saw the works had been sto:ped, and I have not seen yet whether trhey we?e reennmmencert. But it matter- little whether they have been stopped becaeoe of the trinmlh of the ana-for?egn pary, or from want ofiunds, orin deference to pepd,?r Chieucananot h,,0d bnck, aud silbe puobhsl on, if she dnoenot wllingty walk on, in th wave of mr-lern proges. It is curious to reflecit upon, but the chief obotacle to railways in Chins at present is the fetImgofprofound rrerence forthe anenlt-el rves. It helsy mes a little to undcrst-ad the Chinmin's frame of mind on this sabject when I remember my own horror some veers ago at seeing one of the English railiars running right through a churchyard. It ap peared to me a frightfual desecation, and with me it was a mere sentiment. How much lstenger must it be to the Chinese mind when it is not only a matte~-of sentiment but a matter of religios. The arorge Chineman regnsi the dra?s.a ooof the fcres of the dead as something horrible in itself, and (which may be eves a stronger feeling) as certainl to tlet loose the ghostsof the disturted dead, who will wreak vengeance upon him. But I fancy modern iteas have made great wayr among the en lightened men at Pekin. IMany of them have travelled in Europe, and have taisted the joys of first-eess carriges, so that it will be aur. piding if they conot Snd eome ingenions theory to er?hain uway the ghost eicficolty. Even msch otleer, high-minded, and Clariasian people as we are hlave occaioually to hold a candletohis Satoaie majesty, ant it will be wonderful indeed if the wily and heathen Chinee doaes iot: Letter our 'example when eceresilt compels. The introduction of the telegraih was resistod at first on acrcont of its supposeld interference with the Fun-sbui that stgular superstition to which I referned in a previous alper-and when I was in Pekin news came that the irhabitants of a portion of the country about 700 miles south-west of Pekin had oposed the makling of the line and tomn down tE poles. The Chinese Covernment sent troe1s into the district, and aruet the questioa m that convincing fashion. Oficid eppeitien to the telegraph has prcticolly ce, andi there are now 3,tO9 miles of ine throughout China, connecting the great citie with Pekin and the eost. What makes the opposition to the railway from Tientain to Pekin more remark. able is that there already is a small line from Petang rid Taku to Ticatain, altogether about eighty-eax milres. The grasve deifculty must ha?e be overcomei in this in, for hl arsh Chin. resnmbles a great graee-yard, and it will be only a matter of time till the same difirntl. ties are erome. nt ony in getinng to Pekin. but in nl the po?et procinee of the espire. China will then. with rnilway, steamers. and the ttelegrh, have fairly taken ioesdsion of the material benefits of western firinisation and roftei thela on to her own formon of ciri;iatioln. hail the renrot ho iae s:oriouooy Ibeeiwtval as we Curopeans plaridly a.ssume The ChineseGo veornment will be stronger then to put down ebtlionsa thin ever it hbt hebn. for it will h able t.o serd ten ws owiitfir to ur moint of dieturl- oe. It will be aShl to cope wit:h famine hetter, and so keep more Chinameoe live. The task of colonination will beconme ,.nr inr the orsele-pecinled parto of the enpre,tnd so tho v.st'numbl r of the prt st wrill be a del to. If it is ar-ve1 to move tr)o;'s luiekly to the sw;o?-ard to difen:d the country goaioot the invadii:g orets i Iof ::r . that c?t t'en b. i'ick:rv aone. Inn worl. r.t!rovrswili nske China inlr:tnsev plv?arful for dfcirce. .Ill thicken her alrtoia y den:e i),utas?tn. and rmke hr muooh more of a imnacu tm ofh.r It'ooe thrno she is nnow. arlyv on a Moend-r morning I left Ti' ts:n for Pekin. The di'tanue by ro?d is ighty. cizht mile. and by the Pei-ho iiver and Tong chow 10o meils. There are three waos of travellmng - on hor.eback, by which the tditance can be covered in a couple of larve.though seers cim to have dloe it in one la ; by cart raking two dosa, and by water oid to take two and a half or three ders. I like a ri;!e occasionaply, not too far. and not too hard. I dismissed. therefore, al1 :toughts of riding,. and a mnre glanet at the srnl:ie;aso carts wtra sulcai ly meionnug to settle that quetion. I arranged for the Custom house boat, and duly start?, having with me a Chinei - boy " as guide, i:terpr:ter, and cook. " Boy" is the generic term all over the East for a servant, and its ab nnlity may be seen in the fact that my boy in India was nearly old enough to be my fether, and this boy now accompanyinh me to Pekin stool over itL, and was without exception the tinct specimen of Chinese manhood I ever put my eyes upon. is virtues, however, ended with lio pahv.-loe. but I will not pour out my grierances, as I r oard details about guides as vcn- n:tll beer to chronicle. uch as I had beeh impressed with the river boats and junks of other parts of China, all I had sen before seemed trivial. as comlared with the vast aggre-gtion of junks at Tientsin. The junks from the saod,. bringin the rice tribute, were up in large numbers, and the result was a most remarkable speetacle. Fora distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles the river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow passage between, in the dis taner the long, twisting lne of masta gave a very sin.gular ffedt. We poled and towel our war pot the junks by sltno degrees. and I admiird the still the men showed in getting their tow- line away from all sorts of obstacles. The junks were lying somcties six deep from the bonk on the one side and twaelve deep on the other. Every kind and sample of jink was to be seen; sqnare-stenmmel, high pooped, low-bellied, one maslt fivemmast-qneer shaped naval monstrosities, in word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got berond the junks, and were in the open waters of the river. It was a notable experience, but I was destined to another almost etqualy notable. The wind had been getting up, but in the shelter of the junka we had not felt it. Now that we got out more into the open, we discovered a whale gale of wini was blowing. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our taw-lines, and no further progress could be made. • Then I wimessed a Korth China dust storm, and it'was a dut storm in very truth. The fiercest Melbourne brickfielder that ever blew is insigoi'ant compored with the dense clouds of mtter which b!ew along those Tientain plains, accompanied by a bitter, piering cold wind. Our boathouse y to, and by badluck right up against one of the worst grtbace heaps on the river. I am not meuch troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I closed my windows, got a fire lighted, and made myself as comfortable as the circumsn?tces wouldpermit, although the smells were some times of great strength. The gale lasted all that afternoon' and night, but in the early morning of next day we got away. I need not enter into details'of the journey; suece itto say that it took four day to get to Tung Chow, so much were webothered rith head winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of the river. The country as a whole seemed fertile; but there were sandy portions here and there of very desert-like appearance. One of the standing jokes of the journey was to see the towline break and the coolies, who were pulling it, go promptlir on their faces. The men on bord always luoghed joyously at the spectacle; but. as the rope broke frequentlr, the laughs were turn and turn about Ai last, as the evening of the fourth day was drawing on, the iLmense pagoda or the dciy of Tang Chow rome in sight, and in about a couple of hours we were moored to the bank among a targe number of other house boats. It was anything but delectable company, and I had "an unquiet night owing to the noises round about me. In the morning I engagel a met and taorted for Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by road. 