Saturday Night in a London Slum. BY "CENTRIFUGAL.". (Continued.) The place was now pretty full, and- a perfect Babel of voices was in the air. Swearing, expectoration, and tobacco smoke were freely indulged in on all'sides, and we were beginning to feel unendurably hot and uncomfortable, and to wish that :we hal never been induced to visit this den. When the `fresh detachment had managed to find standing room-by this time no easy matter -a few preliminaries were gone through, preparatory to the performance proper. One of the "artists " had to be fetched from a neighboring* gin palace; whence he was brought in a state of amiable intoxication, the " Duke of. Newcastle."'. was. discovered up-stairs, is. flagrante delicto, drinking gin out of a lemonade bottle, and a baby behind the scenes bad to be thrashed to keep it quiet during the performance, a pro ceeding which, of course, had a directly opposite effect. Then there was a clattering of feet and whistling from: the auditorium, and amidst all this the curtain rose. It is sometimes very humiliating to have to con fess failure, but we must 'own, with shame and sorrow let it be done, that the whole piece was ocularly and intellectually entirely beyond our grasp. We have a dim recollec tion of a woman, fearfully and wonderfully made up, appearing before us, and calling out in a voice like thunder that they said s3 g wasimad; :whereupon .she; indulged in a !iong cackle, after w'hich sli tore"her hair and rolled' upon the stage, a proceeding which seemed to us thoroughly uncalled for;. then,. presenting by this time a decidedly disordered and dishevelled appearance, she advanced to the footlights, but the audience didn't appreciate this class of acting, and vociferated loudly for the lions and tigers, some gentlemen going so far, as to observe that the lady was suffering from an attack of acute alcoholism. This, however, was. not the case, as was proved by the entrance of "The Ddke," who compared her to lilies, roses, guiding stars, etc., etc. ' Then the tragedian entered' from the O.P., and,' without the least provocation, fought a duel with His Grace of Newcastle, from wbich, of course, the latter rose t-iumplant. Then a few .pistol shots were fired, probably by way. of effect, and the curtain came down with a jerk.' The hurdy-gurdy returned to its work of " We don't want to fight," and this being the signal that the performance was at an end, the room began to clear. We. were having our last look round, and were turning to leave, when we noticed a wretched looking little fellow, who had supplied tbe so-called fun of the entertainment, sitting on an inverted box. Thinking we might learn something of the working of this piece 'of machinery-the " Temple," not the man we asked him whether he would like to "take' something?" He answered with a "could-a-duck-swim " look, which we were not slow to interpret, and asked him in con sequence to accompany us. It jwas not till we had well lubricated him with hot rum and water that he became loquacious. It 'appeared that the proprietor of the "Temple " was a very hard taskmaster, pay ing each member of his company two shil lings a night when they were supposed to show to six "houses," and four shillings on Saturday, when, by working all the after noon, they were enabled to get through double that number. On being questioned as to whither he, the proprietor, had a dramatio license, he answered in the negative, saying that it had originally been a "Pepper's Ghost Show,' but that that had now been 'discontinued for some time. His own personal history was a very sad cune. He told us that he had been educated in one of the large London public schools, and had run away from there at the age of twelve with a travelling circus. His life with this circus was not by any means a pleasant one, for,'though they often dii.well, he was requently denied even food. He travelled through the provincial towns of England with this troupe for about three years, when, by the death of the principal, it was dissolved. At the age of three-and twenty, after having undergone many hard ships and privations, he received an engage ment with a well-known Londrn circus, where he became known as one of the clever est; bareback riders of his day. It was here he' assured us that he spent the happiest days of his life, but, alas ! the happiness was very short lived; he had scarcely completed the second year of his engagement when one evening he:was kicked in the back by a horse while performing in the ring. It was found that serious damage had been done to his lungs, and that it would be impossible for:him'to appear in public again. After many months of suffering he was sufficiently recovered to get about again, and in spite.of medical opinion he elected to resume his old profession; he received a second engage ment from Messrs, Hengler, but his powers were not what they once were' The p trician hands that had roused themselves out of. their usual apathy: to applaud his en trance in the old days, now raised' them to twirl resplendent moustachios;, and their voices to whisper into aristocratic ears, " Played out, don't cher know," O, you chil dren of Mammon, you are the soul of'gener osity-a thing to dream of ; while an actor or a circus rider amuses yo", you will caress him, and lick the dust from his feet; you will even invite him to visit your Lares et Penates-in ilself a most stupendous con cession, but let any calamity overtake him, which causes his performance to fall off, be it ever so slightly; let him be just 'a little bit p?asse, and your cold relentless eye is upon him, you forget that a few years ago he beguiled many an idle hour for you ; you forget you were then rather proud than otherwise to be seen in company with him in Piccadilly or The Row;' So now, while he is on the stage or in the ring you look around and admire the frescoes, and vote him st ipid, dull, and a b.re. Truly, you are a gener ous community I 0So our friend of the Temple ocf Mysteries left the circus and gradually but surely gravitated until he reached his p'esent position. The sFory lai a'certain frankness about it which it would have been impossible for us to reprodrcc, and it touched us deeply. Altc.gther the locality .itself and all its surroundings had left a dismal and unpleasant impression upon us, and as we entered the station and got seatel in a com fortable railway carriage felt ourselves being whirled away to a better rind purer part of the great metropolis, we sent up a-prayer of thanks from our heart of hearts to the wise Providence that rules all that our lot was cast in more pleasant places. 