SPO!IJOIrGS NOTES. FOOTBALL. The match between the Collingwood Crescent ahnd Star United, played in the Victoria Park on Saturday, resulted in a win for the Star, after a most exciting game, who ob tained 2 goals 3 behinds to the Crescents 6 behinds. For the winners Minogue, Magnre, Ritchie, and Burnbury playdlwrellas d-id Eastman, Ashworth, Duncan and Ludlow, -for the losers. 'In the match Collingwood Crescent v. Ormond, the Crescent are requested to meet at Corry's Gloucester Hotel, Hoddle-street, at 2.30 sharp. :iyTyISt.i 3TIO Is one of Wellington's campaigns he ordered the men not to pillage anything. WVhen tuDin plain clothes .toWardjlsdusk he met antIrishhl'ldter wiitha b6lvehie on his head. He accosted the man, who said iWhisht, yer honour. What's your number, an' I'll bring [you some honey in the morn ing." Wellington gave him his number, and told him to remembe iaothhngthe honey. What was Pd ii?n~s pisb, the next pnorning, to find himself in the nrcscnce of jWellington, who ordered him the "forlorn hdipe." He joined the forlorn hope accordingly, and in the course of the seige got both legs blqsyn. off. (rVen in hospital WVellington came roundito' visit, and came to the bed where Paddy was lying. " Poor fellow, poor fellow!" he said to him. "Well," said Paddy, "are 3e satisfied now. Old Hookey Nose?" PUT TO THE P . compalny of young men enjoying the pleasures of a summer trip, chanced to stop for a few days at the village of JE. The men of the village, eager to hear something fro'rntheiroutsidi world, gathered inlthe evening at that one oasis in a country village-the country tavern. The young nen told them of their many journeys both by land and by sea, till finally the conversa tion turned upon ghosts. One of the strangers, who, according to his own account, had put to flight more ghosts than all the rest coin bined, seeing some of.the.party smile as if they did not believe all that he said, dared any one to put his bravery to the test. a0neof the villagers declared that he would see of what stuff this boastful youngster was made. He dared him to go to a ceitain spot in the village graveyard, and thdre repeat three times the words, "Ye dead .arise L" .The·atranger-:ag?.ed? torq.' An' oldýlialfdemeited degron w-tImfa w?as in the habit of going to this graveyard at night and lying down among the graves to await, as she said, " the coming of the Lord." On tibhis particular night she had taken her ac cus'tomed.l . -Theyoungs-ranger/? by the vilfliaesto the ehurchyard gate, opened it, and stumbled along until he came to the spot designated. He stopped, and repeated slowly-" Ye dead arise ! "He began the s~econd time, when, to his horror and aston ishment, cd ?fortii, the f[ansse-" Yes, massa, I'se a-comning " And amid sighs and anmi groans, the good old darky raised her self from the ground and looked round for thetheavenly messenger. Sad was her dis appointment at seeing not one. Still more soarrowful wft Sthe,'fsa of rthlt= iw'aOiul-be codnquering hero," as half dead with fright, he fled from the cemetery, and joined his conipanions at the gate. ri rni 'I Fn,,sh a-mOu bus Vot PROFESSOR MAX MULLER ON NATURAL 1R>aomo; I s.-In theour~e.of a.ecoture on-the "Sacred B6s of'tlio'E At" at' Sheffield receistly, Professor Max Mitller said in his opinion there was np religiqn4 inthe whole world; *Ysie'i' i mmnphety; in porsty'%f p pose, in charity and true humanity, came near to that religion which Christ taught to Ujs disciples. And yet that very religion was being attacked on all sides, and one of our iost eloquent bishops had said that the unbelief of the day was not- only aggressive, but 1 almost omnipresent. The principal treason for this was the neglect of our found eaitons, the disregard of our own bookless religion, the almost disdain of natural re ligidn. Even Bishops would curl their lips and toss their heads when spoken to of that ,atuiral . uni emal eliggou which exiSted" before t? t d15. ý.of tr tofeeAl lli `and jwit ltos?f1icht'-ah 'llstoricalr religidon would have been as impossible as poetry without language. The heart and mind and soul'of man were tlm same under every ;sky,' dmall t "ievari din u 'ei nist; ice bf: hmeuiia life, nljtivquldindeed be awfnlut belie-e, that; adymrhmanh'ciundgs 'should have been deprivp?l of£thatlight ~'which ligliteth eveis man thatcometh into the world.'" ,It was1 that HigHftw(lhidli lightethi 'every' man, anid which ,has lighted all. the religions ofl the world, Ball thenm booklessor literate,.hmiman or divine,! natuiral.or. supernatural, ?wliich alone could dispel the darkness of. doubt and fear thitf had' cone over the world.' Vhat our o'n# ge, wanted, more than -anythiagi 'eh viiv iia?'t?il Religion. Whatever mean" reent theologians-may attach':to& sitper ) natuial religion, depend upon it the super natural must always be superimposed on the, natural.':h! ~hpeonatiuni religion withdut natura~ religion was a house Ibuilt upbni sand' and wvhe;. as in our days, the rain of doubt descended, and the floods of critieidin dAi??e and the winds of unbelief and despair blew and heat upon that house, that house would fall, because itwas not founded on the roc of bdol?lMtlkl?ioPto of IAtUrfit'ft'o n etetfnl religion. -'juij- ai! ffrfft ; 