POOWONG REVISITED. (By the Wandering Gentile). During the past 10 or 12 years it has frequently been by lot to ride across from our " Marvellous Warragul" to the region of Poowong, with its steep hills, its scrub, and its winter's mud. My latest excursion was by coach. I got the early train to Drouin, and secured my passage at Sutcliffe's hotel, where I was lucky in finding the box seat available. This line of coaches I should add, was started some ten years or more ago by Mr A. C. Lyons, of Warragul, when the road was not only rougher and wilder, but also more lengthy—it going right past the locality of the " Burnt Store." With the four strong and well tendered horses that Mr Hodgkinson provided, the journey is quite a pleasant one, especially with the roads in the perfect fettle they are in even at the end of March. It was about 3 o'clock when we reached the Poowong Hotel, now kept by Mr Gersham Thomas, formerly of Neerim, where a large crowd of farmers and settlers were assembled— it being sale day. However, my destina- tion was the southern railway, so after a short pause and shaking hands with some dozen or so of old friends, I turned my steps westwards along McDonald's Track. Nearly everybody has seen Poowong, so there is no necessity for me to describe that, and once Poowong is left there is scarcely anything to describe. Twelve years ago with one or two exceptions, the same old farm buildings presented themselves, and beyond them the miles and miles of wild messmate forest clad the slopes of the hills. A pleasant afternoon's walk brought me to Nyora—a town whose building allotments were sold in Mel- bourne some 12 months ago at fabulous prices. Here I found exactly one solitary building standing, and the vast solitude of messmate trees, but not the ghost of a human being made its appearance. The country everywhere here is of light sandy character, such as one sees after leaving Moe. Two miles lower down a small cluster of navvies tents are left, and here I found the boarding house kept by a Mrs Malone, whom I recollected having a similar establishment at the site of the present Drouin township in the year 1874\. I was hospitably entertained for the night, and had the pleasure of trying conclusions with some of the members of her family at a game of cribbage. Had some of the Warragul champions of this science been present I am sure things would have gone different, but as it was I received as severe a thrashing as Mr Groom gave my unfortunate friend Geach. On leaving the folowing morning I expressed a wish that the next time we met the tables would be turned, and probably Mr Geach has for consolation some such hopeful wishes. The very best thing hereabouts were two enormous stacks of bricks that had been burned for culverts in connection with the railway by the contractors. Their numbers run into millions I was assured, but a splendid sample of brick I thought them. The appearance of the wall of the stack reminded me more of the wall of one of those pretty little ornamental villas that abound in the vicinity of Hawthorn—so perfect and even was the coloring. A vast strip of the country here, some 2000 acres, is held by Mr Biram of Warragul. The day will come when it will be of immense value, possibly in the lifetime of the present proprietor, but assuredly in that of his children's. But lonely and desolate everywhere is the prospect at present, and only when nearing Loch do signs of life and settlement appear. Loch is another township where fancy prices were obtained at the land sale. A large wooden hotel is being erected by Mr Wadeson, formerly of these parts, besides which two stores, both kept by men well known in Warragul, Messrs Biglow and Patterson, and one or two other edifices have made their appearance. But still when Warragul was the same age as Loch, it had ten times more life and bustle about it. Having five licensed houses almost from its birth, may have helped it at that critical time, and here let me remark that without finding any fault with temperance principles in the abstract the fact must be potent to all that the budding townships of the south must all suffer from the want of licensed houses—such as made Drouin and Warragul look lively and flourishing towns long before they really were so. Our big hotels of the old time caught the eye of strangers and wonderfully assisted our prestige at a time when it meant life or death to us. Besides this, look at the money they circulated. Many thousands were spent in building operations, giving work to tradesmen and others, while directly each were finished it was peopled by a family, who with the servants and employes helped, to keep the grocers, drapers, and butchers alive. Now all this will be absent from the towns I am speaking of. Three of the new towns are to have one license each while the rest are to have none —such is the law of the land at the present time. In a moral sense this may be of advantage, although some say that the existence of one license is enough for the drunkard to get what he wants. But it was more in a commercial sense that I viewed the matter, and quite clear I feel that no Queen-streets will arise in the south with land quoted at £60 per foot. Bootmakers, blacksmiths, and tailors will not crowd into the front streets the same way as publicans and wine and spirit merchants do. For this and other resaons I had no difficulty in making up my mind, both here and at Jeetho Valley, Bena, and Korumburra, on a prior visit that the harvest for speculators, such as Warragul yielded will uot be again repeated. 