The Novelist. BLACK BLOOD A. PECUIJAB CASE. By QBOBGE MANVILtE FJENN, Author of " The Master of the Ceremonies," "This Man's Wife," "The Parson '• o' Dnmford," &o.;, &o.; [AX£ qukknhlahd eights BESBBVBD 3 BOOK II.—AFTER A LONG LAP3E. Chatter UI.—Dice TTa« a Bad Night. " " If I wasn't such a coward!—i£ I wasn't such a coward?" cried"Dick Sogden, as ha paced up and down bis room "How many times hare I teemed to see it all—haunting me— Haunting me. " They eay there's ghosts, and the spirits of murdered men rise against them as kill them; . and- it's, just as if he was always coming to ' me. " It wasn't mnrder. I was only fighting for liberty. , And Fve seemed to see him ever since, and ifrhas been as it I had nerer had a happy hour all these years. " What Fve suffered! What Fve suffered! And I'm such a coward, or I should go and speak out at once and save him. " " No, no, no, I can't. They wouldn't be lieve a word of it. They'd say I was mad— and if they did believe it ah!" He wrung his hands, and the great drops of sweat gathered on his brow as he muttered in a h irsh angry whisper:— "And who wouldn't he a coward? Is it such an easy thing to be hung ? Oh, the times Fve seen it all—the constables and .the handcuffs—the magistrates and the evi dence—and then the trial and the judge speaking slow and solemn, and sentencing me —to death. "HI wasn't Buch a coward! " Poor Master Hob! And him so true and brave and stanch. Such a lid aa he is. I'll go! I'll tell every thing. I'll save him, and I'd better be hung than hold my tongue, -when - a word would keep him from being shot. ■ "No, that devil would eay it was all a lie; and then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hung—hung by the heck till I was dead. And I swore Pd be true to him, and keep it all a secret. I swore I would. "What did I say ?" He shuddered as he pressed his hands to his burning trow and gazed wildly round. . " I don't know now. It seems all gone, but I Bwore it, and Pve kept my oath. "But I didn't know it would come to this,'and it's too horrible for a man to bear." He stopped short oloso to tho wall, with his head bent forward and eyes staring as if he were gazing into space, his lips moving the while, and at rimes they were the mutterings of delirium. Then he seemed to be struggling hard to collect himself, and shook his head and passed bis hands over his eyes again and again, to sweep away the dimming mental mist which . confused his intellect. " Can't think—can't seem to think clearly," he muttered angrily. "Things He stood gazing straight at the wall again, and he buret out now In a fierce, denunciatory way. "Tee, I will!" he cried. "I dare tell everything. He's a brave, true, noble fellow, and you*ve been a curse to him. Tes«*>you. A brute! I've seen you lash bim like a dog, as you've lashed me with your tongue. Like a dog—treated me like a dog—treated us all like dogs. But I've kept my word. I swore Td do everything you said, and I* ve done it. Ah I" He rushed to the side of the room, poured' out some water quickly* aud bent down to bathe his brow. -M Seems to clear one, like," he muttered, as he hdd the towel to his face. " I can think now, and there isn't that black cloud pressing down upon a man's head." He began to pace the room again. •41 If I only dared apeak! If I only dared speak!" he groaned, and he sank down in a sitting position on the edge of his bed, and began to rock himself to an fro. * * What did he say ? That so' Bure as * nera was a God above he'd denounce me, and leave no stone unturned to send me tothagallowB— and he would—he would—and I'm a coward— a miserable coward. I always was. "Never mind, Master Bob, lad," and he spoke in a light, half-piteous way, as if the person address-d were present, "it's only a short anda sharp sting. " You're a soldier, and it's what you might expect some time or other. You gave it him well, and can feel happy about that, and I can tell you one thing, lad, much older as I am, that life ain't worth having—it's been to me almost a curse. Better out of it, my lad, and go to sleep—eh." • , v. He bent forward and smiled as the vacant look upon hie face increased. "Why don't I go cut of it? Why don't I tell the truth ? Hah ! That's it. I'm such a coward, my lad—such a coward. I daren't speak, not even to give you your own. Ah, it's weary work, lad, when you've get some thing like thin cn your mind. Sleeping or. waking it's always there. His eyes looking at you and telling you that 70a killed him. I've seen him pointing lots of times to a crowd on a dark morning, and when I've looked, there was something swinging to and fro above the crowd, and I daren't look any more, and then he has seemed to laugh and jeer at me, as if he was pleased that I should be punished and suffer as I do." Hick leaped up with an angry cry and looked wildly round as he ptessod his brow. ' " 'Taint drink," lie muttered thickly. I hare not touched a drop, but it is just'like it was that time after Hie whisky." Seems all real like and as if I was talking to him. Seemed to be sitting there and looking at me with them bright eyes of his, and asking me to tare him. Said he was so young and did not want to die like that. "Poor lad!" he said after a pauso. "Why should he, when there is only me in the way P I will speak. I will go to the colonel and tell him all the truth, if I'ouly oan keep my head and rememberwhat I want to Bay; but itkeops going from me. Seems like walking straight to the 'gallows, and they would try me and hang"me.' res," they 'would try me and hang me for it. What of that ? It would be the string of as true a lad as erer Btepped, and it would make those old people happy, too, who never did me harm. 1 will tell mem.. I will tell them. I will make a olean breast before it is too late, and before he comes. " No, no, I cannot," groaned the unhappy man, wildly-; and he etood pointing before him. " As soon, as I say I will, he seems to ho lying ont there on the oopse, among the wet leaves and dripping grass, and be opens his eyes and looks at me, and—there he is again. Don't, don't, don't, master —don't look at'me like that. It was an accident—the gnn went off in the tussle." Dick sank npon his kno=s and stretched out his hands as he gazed into vacancy. "I couldn't help it—you know I couldn't help it, and that I'd sooner have out off my right hand than failed the tiigger. Don't look at mo like that- Help'. help! What shall I do P" The wretohed • man sank down from whore he had cast himself upon his knees and lay grovelling upon'the floor.; " It isn't that I'm afraid to dio I'vo suf fered so much that my life has been a hell upon earth, but it's that—it's that. He's always there, seeming as if he'd drag rao down—drag me down, and I daren't—I daren't faco that. It is too terrible to bear. " What shall I do P Hat that brave young fellow die or speak the truth ? "No, I dare not. When ho comes he'll tell Sir Philip, and it will all be stopped. Hbw As the smoke floated upwards Sergeant Slack was seen to stagger round and fall fiat upon his face. t long will it be before he comes ? The letters most reach him, and I've pent them both, in spite of all he said. Poor lad! poor lad!" Dick at last rose from where ho lay with the Intention of going to Sir Philip's rcomt waking him and making a foil confession of his sins; but as soon as he reached the door, it seemed to him in his over-excited state that the murdered gamekeeper stood in his way, threatening him with extended hand, and bo shrank back with a wild cry, to cast himself, writhing in agony, upon the bed. A few words bravely spoken would have changed the current of events, and Riobard 8ogden fought hard to speak thoBe words. Hour succeeded hour, with determination to act coming and coming again and again ; bat it was always the same as the wild fit.of. delirium increased. There stood by him the figure of Rob, despairingly pleading that he would save his life, and, on tho other band, like some mocking fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back. | " It's so that I shan't do aught that might tell for me by-and-by," groaned Dick. "It's, to make sure of me when I'm trying to do right, j blaster Rob, lad, I want to 6&ve; you. I'm 1 ready to die bo that you might live, but it's too late—too late now. Look there," and he paused as he pointed straight before him ; " he's stopping mo—he won't let me go past him, and it's too late—too late." 