DIANA. 'She'was as straight as an Indian arrow, large.limbed and' tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. " The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine brauty -not feminine enough to he wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. lHer dress was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a maa's banck coat protected her shoulders ; a petticentof thick, dark tufl hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and li:ry and scornful as the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode hls back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, uplhnging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempo-ychosis made on' beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana lore.t Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any othler living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved cither of thenm. Diana pulled the rein and SEtaR stopped with one fore- foot upliftedt They looked like a ebony-statled Centaur. lcfore them the sun was setting-sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the futhermlost edge of the plain. So su 0;y and red and so close to tile dead grass it seemed it must set it nire. Behind t the lthe blue, snow-liner d wall of the Sierras reach:ebd p to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, all glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed struck by some I sudden transforling force of nature, land each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to tilhe ground ; it took off its slouched I hat, its four eyes looked straight into the rtest. A lizard seampered away, rustling. the dry grass with its scaly legs, a rquirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused .in its gallop, reared un on its haunches, with eves standing itisqlir ingly up ; its meek, sutrprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur as those of the Ceu taurstared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-listed sprea I its glow ; the glory in the west and the gray i-t the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple- glittered, 'glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the suit built pyramids and domes and battle muents of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and clinison and opal and g'sid, that ros:e?nd towered and toppled over into a' sm6ki girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. 'It crept to tfhefeet of the Centaur, and over its blac" glossy hide, anil stole into the face Of the womau. The scorn, the deliance fad&l; out of it, the hard lines of masculine foice softened' oatof it. To meet theglow of' a deadday canme out the glow of a dead heart.i It touched her eyes with its essence of soul,, and lighted her. features with ll.the- piureness of the virtue that has chistened itself in Lhe smelting- furnace 'of sinl; TheCent-iaur, w transfigured. A broad-branched oaki--the only treiftor miles around-stood near; a man,followed by a sheep- dog, steppied from behiud:`d 1i made no noise andt was not seeni .lte was sun- burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar-i mented. There was ain odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and, as he watched the process of traasforsistion in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any cnscious. volitionit e reached forth his hands nld` cried out, " Dirna." Was it the reflection ofa the sunset in her cheeks,-or simply returning alrimation, "or did shie heal. She touched the rein and' Stan bcunrded forward, the "bouy. Ceutaurs was a passive transfiguration no.longcr. I1was angain the splendid; scornful, deli nt creaituri, liting/ humanity and smiting the earth with'con temptuous feet. Tnoe: man with" the sheep-dog looked after:, her a littlel. while, then walked slowly away, itaking a-t opposite dircc tion. A voice, both jest aniid jeer, strick his cars as he approached the door of thie enigmati cal 'construction burtesquest with" the namu of " House.": . ' See, ill, will ye, looks like he was nialk. in' home in the shadder of his collin, aid Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealia ' she :: - . 2The man, toi thom the words wteread dressed, looked out, then'dropped his eyes and answered in alower tone and softer voice than the other:: .l on 't jkae hinb to-night, riassy, he's in one" of -his ibad ways: :: Is. wouldn't wolnt der if'!ho'd seen that '.woman again. Its enough to make otie think she's a ghost haunting him the :way he looks after he's ."H-ant be dogoned ; I'd like to have such Ssolid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' me. " Stop-he'll hear you. ' The one who spute Instgot up and walked out at the'back aoor to sto the t alk bf, the other. " Well,"I'llr begolled ; i I was as as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people,; I'd g: me a patent outside,' mitt tercd Bitssy. ' Tie 'cnussof the remarksseated himself un i.limeb which stuck out of the wood:pile in the yardo, tookiut his iocrketknife and obmo menced whlittling.: . 'Shore sicn," groiled. Brassy; looking out as lie passed bick anod forth cooking supper;i atllrz whittles:when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for belin enticularously'toirih, but then them moods,'an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feel in's helps a fellow obt' of lots of-eookin'. Who could ax a chap that 'looks like ie was goin'.to0 his own funeral to makba salratus biscuitso, or expect a youngster cwith the brine so cldse, to his eyelids to bile inrphys! Sa.y; Bill,'what 'i nakes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look ipi or stop whittling. "Yes,. I'vo seens a' ghost. Suapper ready l" ' "!No, but. l'e got heron'a-bili',? clheerily answered Brassy. : SII-e Was a very liome-made philosopher, and Archiinedes would most likelyhave re jictcd the mathemnafies of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. , " 'tKnock mecdown iithafeather,if human nature -ain't a hard U thing .to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollccted thatgrub her to' be cooked, and nary one' of which Fereiforits tofeel thesymptornsof npproachi. in' meal time. But wshich ever side you git on, grub's in the midtdle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makiil' it versus a un'nown qualily Which is grub, I lind by theose tiggr in' that-grub is the syntax of life, an' the iresult of the ealkerlation is Brassy he; to cook it." ' irassy had to talk. If he liad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself; They were a diversilied three that sat down to'thelronglh pine table vhich lrassy spread with a Ilouirish against the wall. -Moody, reserved l=Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by. by -Brassy because of' .his slightiness- of stature and fastidious wayrs and the irrepres. sible, philosophical, good-natored Brassy, who talked when lie should have said noth iong, and said nthing when lie should have talked, and always hit in the wrong p .ice. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on thattearitory of range whose boundary line was miarked by its vast lonesomnness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the owls, ani the rattle snakeddwelt peacefut lin the sams abode, cesu these three might har monise. The moon was fill, and the men sat ouit side of the cabin, two of them tnaking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious calmn of thd breezaless right had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat wit bowCad hcad, and lwhittled mechanically on asmall piiee of stove-wood, and D.iinty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb all I forelinger, anld blew contented little puffs of smote away from his mouth. lrassy tugged and pulted at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. " Blill," said hle, "you ought to smoke; it'd bea mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o good stove-wood." S ill's only notice of the remark was to shilft cr.is of the stick and wsiittle vigor ously. Dalinty mued uneasily, and gave BIrassy a wasrning glance; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understandl. ilg. l1i ale ays maintained it was atuinalt his prineip.es to take hints. SYes, smokin' is thle most continuous cons fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' like it Ito put a man in good sperrits, onless it's iputtin' good spcrries in a man; an' store weood in this caontry is mnighlty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's tlalaces, an' d(iamondsl, ani' 'Bahlian stiests to the pore man. eCourse: they got up in snmoke!, burt they're his nwhile tlhey're goin'. If youa're hungry, it's a sort of soothment to thle place 't's achiln' for victuals. If youere alone in a howlin' wilderness it's wife, cbillren, and friends-they go up" in smoke, too, but youi;ri?! havre 'em-while tlhey'regoin'; an itkeelis theo,: female sect fr'om ih 'ntin' a lonesrine bache lie looked comiclly at Dainty and n'ddedi ;?i:i toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into :a 'iost speaking frown and, asked, "Brassy, do you know hy you ar ot:` like my old inte 1" "Dunno, 'less it's 'cauisi thli kni fes op swmcetimcs. o Y'es, there's molt always somin :,!e, difference between Ipeop!e nod bold knives';, Dainty jumped. up, and thre ii any his:, Bois,'" said he, let's t'k takhe dogs over to the riveur, ut tre a il cit.", -1 rassypoeketitl liis pipe imisedia'ly " iglhti, ne lord, f'i yoursn wichni? .: l s i , cats you:talk: An' it hill an'e o togo? i:" triunmvirates nagreed; if he doni't- - S* ieniay slgh tothe winds, to the tdia.: : dis:s. Di',:sd Dinna, ..... . -But his daiys they will end in the isle? of St. Helena." Ife sang the lines of. the old -fashionedl Iong-out;of date u' iin:is moiest: uhnmiusica voicTi;i it it ight hare been the.me!otldy that madle'Bill start so su?deuly that he,: orvlturned' the stool vn:which -lie-sat'; it;'. migtht have been the moonliglit thbat'mi nl:i: hilm ple... Dainly hasiened. to' interposi,% With the suiggstiou that if they wecb goiilg''.: tly. hain better slart. Ile. o coul t iu?'e:pr' to:d why he thought" Brassyv' insin;iistiit"i,'? nonsense would give pain to Hill, or in hatrý ouianner it could pain him; lie wats oliti? f those peculiar natures that know ifameleso'r.; ` things: by intuition. lie did nut carde fuor-'' wilil cat. hunting, but knew . prowling::"l about in the river bottom, trying to scare uptr:: :. "varmints," was one of BraESs's weaknesses.'. lBeside, there were few diveirsions to breiak tlh monotonyof thesheelt.Lerders'existetne,. even thlough there were three of thent, iandt they herded their own flocks and rode their own lorsts. It has been said jocularly of sheep herd*?. ing, " It takes but three months to turn the: : strongest hbain.". The saying had a good. fotindation, more esplecially it the timce were sunmmner. Think ut a htuman being, endowed with the attti" butes of divinity, set down ont thuse vast.- . plairs to follow, day aflter, day, a thousand head of bleating suep-sheepl are nawa s Itleating; day after day to see thy sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day .thtrough a cloudlest,, chlatngless sky on a changele.ss, brown,- mirage-glimmering landscape, antd asi:k out of sight, redland sultry, at eve. To: hear, night. after night, .the west: wind wa;iys the west wind--blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowlibg coytte. Cight. after night the same sounds, day after' day the samt scenes, his eomptaniouship the liz-ard:nnd.the horned- toad=-alwnys follow ing round and rouand ihat thousaud head of blenting sheep. -The moon was- high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the riser, which was about three miles from their camp. - ' , B" oys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehlow sorry 1 asked you to come to-night; I feel like eomething was going to happen, and that we ought to get out bt here as' quick 'as we Cail. 'Oh. gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is too close'to the atmosphere.- Wi'hatyou S:Plose could hnliped? Think L, ilunii Ma[rietta er Three-lingered .acl's na luxuriatin' in the hltadders- of the' iunderlbrsh, seienled " our moneypotcket* an' lyin fur i usas' it" ? were ? ' Bill smiled at this it was so ridiculous, mind Dainty said nio more of his undietned - Ai hour, two honui, three, of tramping; anud nota wild catwas alinable enough' to -: tree and be- killed, much. to lilassy's dils. ^', gast.::. .ired out, they started home. "."Listeni don,t you hear a critous souind 1 s'id Dainty.- . . All of them stopped and listeced,'hut onlJy: fo a Inoment " Merciful God I' shoited Brassy, "rii- for your lives, it's the river overllowedl i"' Tiuey spring forward and ran with :ouch' . speed in spite of brush, and briar3i'1d many stumblings. - ' t . . If we could only get to the slough fst,' . p uantedBirassy. - The dry lied of the slough was only, a few hundred feet beyond, but ia iall of Water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them,, Thet water':from the river.overtuolk, them andi lapped around their feet'aild up to titbir waists. It was sneeless now to try to reablt the slough, impossible to crrsl it if they, could, that-erackling minulled roar was )too telar;. Th'ley were between stwi floods; it was a moment to net- without deciding. With one accord Bill aud Brassy caught Dainty ant hoisted him into the forks t i " large sapling, by the side of' slwhich they stoppetd, and . sui dded up alter, him. t A minute later they were in the midst of at mile-wide Waste of fast-rising water. Be-. hind thrci'wars.ithe terrible, swift, rolling river, wlhose head- was in the heart of thu eternal snows;,before them the slough ober : which they ha:l walked dry-footed thtree hours befure, rolled another riveri, swiftL Ilowirig,' muddy,- ice-cold, amul deadly deep,. " The s.ipling swayed and benit wvith their weighlt,'sometimes dippinug'.them, into the chilling ?eater,' and sitook and shivered toils topmost twig when some il(ating- objects " .. lodged 'agaiustit. Higlher rose tie flood 'ai sw.thed their soaLked garnients about them ;it ?ss so cold: T -sonold clinging; and thenighttsubaliyanti warm, and the moonlight o -soft:and so:,' beautiful. '- i_ " 'Partners," said tBrassy, '' I reckon we're`:. i euchered this time." "Looks like it,'"responded Bill, " sid' 'n quite Willing." ":' : i .Well, then, jyo'res tho fustli m'hI 1l ure. e swv that wa.' ready for' rain. Course-??w'-il ? - hea to swiiig out some day, i,'droviili':tf'i they s.y, is ensyda-eth, but tobedlrownilet like a panel of truid lsquirrels disagr; s lwith- - me. I miglita':kno- c twel hese ho ? i tys; s cooked the Crnsc dry enoughk to mae yeci?ti: " potwders 'd melt the sio'i sv ' briignhini ': d :wn looid. Yesa I've lived 'i'h li'he river lonot. euoughl to be a-lookin' unt feri thing like thits. Au' I deserva a'sonakin' for beint' s on' thotghted, but I don't like to be drownedd.. like a miserable sqair'l" . - ' , - (To Ei CoOTsUED ). - 