Current News. A special meeting of the Prospect and Sherwood Council was held on Monday after noon, to consider the matter of two District Court writs received by that body. Mr. T. M. Slattery, acting on behalf of his client, John Irons Crew, late Overseer of AVorks for tho Municipality, claims L200 as compensation I for alleged wrongful dismissal from that ; position. Mr. J. 'E. Bowdon, on bohalf of his client John Carter, of Sherwood, claims .{'iO as compensation for daiuttgo done to his pvopcrtv by reason of au iilluired defectivo i drain, 'it was decided that the Mayor defend j both actions. The monthly meeting of tho Benevolent So ciety was held at the Parramatta District Hos pital on Wednesday evening. Present: The von. Archdeacon Gunther (in the chair) , and Messrs. Cairries, Mason, .AVatkins Todhunter audJ. Byrnes son. Amounts amounting in all to .-645 16s. 7d. were presented and passed for payment. In consequence of the illness of the Secretary (Mr. J. L. Byrnes), tho usual pay sheet had not been prepared. Mr. Cairnes (Treasurer) stated that tho Society's collector had handed him the sum of £37, beine proceeds of No. 2 collection for the year. Tho other business was of minor importance. There wore some unseemly personalities at a special meeting of the Prospect and Sherwood Council on Monday. Alderman Joues called Alderman Stiemo an ' infernal liar,' imd threatened to ' ' slap Alderman Anstiss in the face.' The offending alderman was prevailed upon to apologise. We aro glad to announce that Mr. J. L. Byrnes, the spirited proprietor of AVvcombe House, Parramatta, who has been suffering from rheumatic fever, is rapidly recovering and will be about again in the coutse of a few days. A obicjcet match between the Piirrnmattu. and Grauville Councils, in aid of the Parra matta District Hospital, will bo played on the Parramatta Cricket Ground on AVednesday afternoon next. A baud will play during the proceedings, and as a. very small charge is to bo made to watch the extraordinHry capers of the councillors, wo expect to sec a guod muster. AVe hope the ladies will make it n special day. In fact, we are sure thoy will, because their hearts are always with the sick and suffering. Some stump extractors and other agricultural implements were tested at Carlingford on Thursday last, iu the preseuco of a good num ber of people. At the suggestion of the Rosehill Racing Club, tho Race menting in aid of the Parra matta District Hospital has been postponed till after the Melbourne Cup meeting. The Parramatta District Court will open on Monday morning notwithstanding the public lirtiirln.Tr Tke annual meeting of the members of tho No. 1 Parramatta Volunteer Fire Company was held on Tuesday evening-, Captain G. De Saxe presiding. There was a good at tendance. Several accounts were passed for payment. The treasurer's annual report showed a balance to the credit of the company. The secretary's report was read and received and ordered to be printed, along with tho treasurer's statement. The election of officers resulted as follows :— Captain, Mr. George De Saxe; 1st Lieutenant, A. Mills; 2nd Lieuten ant, J. Nelson ; Secretary, James Sorlie, Harris-street ; Treasurer, F. JLockwood; Ap paratus Officer, E. Butcher ; Trustees, Messrs. Do Saxe and Lockwood. It was agreed to celebrate tho 30 th anniversary by holding the annual dinner during the month. Following is the programme of parades for tho Parramatta Company, V.I., for the current quarter :— October l!)th, i p.m., Parramatta Park, drill order, company drill, guard and sentry duty ; November 16th, 4 p.m., Parra matta Pant, drill order, skirmishing and at tack formations ; December 7th, 4 p m., Par ramatta Park, drill order, company drill piling arms, manual and firing exercises. There will be a first-class evening's amuse ment in the Victoria Theatre, Parramatta, on Monday evening by the Grand Minstrel Variety Company, including local and imported cele brities. An all-night social follows the perfor mance. Eiohx-Houe Day on Monday. It would be well, considering the number of question able persons who will visit tho town on that day, for householders to bo careful about their homes unprotected. This day, ni all days, is the harvest of the ' cracksmen.' Tub anniversary of the Granvillo Primitive Methodist Church was celebrated this week. On Sunday morning- and evening- special services were held in the church, Sydney Road, tho Rev. J. E. Metealfo of Forest -Lodge preaching to large congregations. In tho afternoon a children's service was conducted. A tea mooting in connection with the anniversary was held iu the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening, and not withstanding- tho counter-attraction of the Flower Show, the attendance was again very satisfactory, between 200 and 300 persons being present. After tea a public meeting was held iu the Church, which was well filled. A lderman Bennett presided. Tho pastor of the Church (Rev. J. Ashmeud) having briefly re ferred to the nature of tho gathering, tho an nual report was read by Mr. Barber (Secretary). It showed that steady and encouraging pro gress had been made in all sections of the church's work during the year. During- tho evening hymns and anthems were contributed by the choir, aud addr--sses wore delivered by the Rovs. J. E. Metealfo, M. Parkinson (Par ramatta) and J. Furlong (Granvillo). Tho pr jceods of tho anniversary, we learn amounted to something over .C20. Dr. Ashburton Thompson. Insnop.tor of thn Board of Health, paid a -visit to Parrarauttn early in the present week in order to make au official inspection of tho various dairies in tho town. Dr. Thompson was accompanied in his tour of inspection by Mr. E. J. Love, Borough Inspector. The official report of the visit has of course not yet boon furnished, but we learn that it is likely, whilo containing some what severe comments on tho oonditionof somo few plaoos, to be in the main favourable. Deaf Forcer Years.— The description of a simple remedy, by which the complete cure of deafness and noises iu the head of 40 years' standing has just been effected, will be sent free to auyono who applies to J. H. Nicholson, 173, William-street, Melbourne. The Minister for AVovks is not given much opportunity of forgetting the promise made by tho Government to tho purchasers of the Field of Mara. On Thursday another deputation waited upon him on tho much discussed subject. It included representative residents of Balmain, Hyde, Fivo Dock, tho Field of Mars and tho district generally. Their request was that the line proposed to be constructed, should give direct communication with the city to Balmain and Rydo us woll as to the Field of Mars, and routes wero pointed out which would secure this end. Ono line, however, which was proposed would not suit Rydo, as it would pas3 tho town two miles distant. Mr Bruce Smith recognised thu claims of Balmain nud Ryde, but he had to ennsidor others as well. It had been determined to carry out tho construction of a lino to tho Field of Mars as promised, and when ho had heard tho views of all parts of tho dis trict interested i n the subject he would endeavour to como to a decision as to tho routo of tho lino which would as far as possiblo satisfy all parties. It was impossible to please everybody perhaps, but ho would endeavour to have justico done to all interested. The Freotrade and Liberal Association has decided that advantage shall bo taken of tho Parliamentary recess to hold meofcing-s in every electorate in the colony. As a preliminary arrangement tho various electorates or districts have been divided into suitable groups find as speedily as possiblo arrangements will bo completed for holding the proposed meet The Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly, appointed to inquire into the charges made against Mrs. Cunynghame, late super- intendent of the Macquarie-street Asylum, Parramatta, which lead to her dismissal, has brought up a progress report. The Committee during its inquiry, has examined the following witnesses : — P. C. Abbott, J. D. Cadogan, Sarah Cunynghame, Thomas Edgar, Thomas Ghost, Sydney Maxted, P. McAcaulay, James Rooney, and W. B. Violette, M.B. Owing, however, to the advanced period of the session, the committee decided merely to report the evidence to the House, and to recommend that the enquiry be resumed early next session. Is the Assembly on AVudncsuay, Mr. Gould, in answer to Mr. Melville, said his attention had been called to a magisterial decision in au assault case at Parramatta, in which the magistrate was stated to have dismissed the accused, although admitting that the evidence was condemnatory. Ho would have the matter I looked into. At the quarterly meeting of Sunday-school teachers, held on Thursday ovening, Mr. Hughes, the superintendent, was the recipient of two handsome presents, on tho occasion of his resignation of the office he lias so long held. Tho duties of superintendent in his present state of health are found to bo too onerous to undortako during the summer, aud it was thought a fitting occasion to make some recog nition of services rendered. Tho incumbent spoke highly of Mr. Hughes' attention to his dutios early and late, and the respect in which he was held by all the teachers. Mr Hughes, who was very much surprised, replied foslingly and spoke of the great pleasure it had given him to work with the officers and teachers of St- John's. His interest in tho school and the church would always be great, and he hoped to bo able to assist in many ways. The chair man expressed a hope, that after a rest, Mr. Hughes might be able to take up his old work, and spoke strongly of the value of well organized and well taught Sunday-schools. The gifts consisted of a marble clock from tho teachers and au illustrated volume of Sacred Gems from tho incumbent. The District Land Board held its quarterly meeting at the Parramatta Courthouse on Tuesday last, Mr. T. AV. Harriott, chairman of the board, presiding. Tho cases dealt with were as follows : — Gases for enquiry: G. T. Simpson 80 acres, T. Clarke 42 acres, conditions not fulfilled ; A . E. T. Cunningham 160 acres, conditions ful filled to date. Claim for contributions in respect of fencing : L. Seeligsou claimant (AV. A Brodie contributor), postponed. Applica tions for conditional purchases and leases : AV. K. Houston Kit1 acres, Sir J. G. L. Innes 150 acres, AV. Kigg 60 acres, F.. J. Hallewoll 90 acres, A. R. Jar.-ott 200 acres, F. McNeil 40 acres, F. Hill 101 acres, AV. Grow 100 acres, AV. W. Campbell 6S acres, AV. S. Balfour 40 acres, C. R. AVeitzel 42 acres, confirmed ; Mary S. Gill 45 acres, F. J. Sohroeder 70 acres,' S. Davis 50 acres, adjourned ; L. Brissendon 41 acres, disallowed, applicant under age ; C. J. Browning 40 acres, disallowed, modification declined. L. F. Hughes 40 acres and J. Stansneld oO acres, disallowed, land not avail able ; A. H. Doudney, disallowed, land not available, modified form declined by appli cant ; C. H. Spier 40 acres, T. G. AV. Bugler 110 acres, and Isaac AVyld 50 acres, for sur vey. Application under Crown Lands Act further Amendment Act of 1888 : C. McAlistor, 42 acres 2 roods 0 perches, and C. H. C. Tuckwell 40 acres, granted. Appli cation for special purchases : C. J. Manning 2 roods 18 perches, Luke's Bay Parramatta River, Board valued at £250 ; S. Small 3 roods Hunters Hill Board, valued land at £100; J. Jupp 1 acre 2 roods 9 perches, Huntors Hill. Board valued land at £100 ; Application for special leases: Mary C. Bowden, Wharf Parra juatta River, sent for report of District Survey or ; Hart and Sous, jetty Parramatta River, recommended — rent at £ii per year. Cases for record as to fulfilment of fencing conditions : A Ferrari 40 acres, Carlotta Dn Bonarty, oO acsej, A. AV. Nathan 3) 7 acres, conditions fulfilled. As interesting magic lantern entertain ment entitled 'Round the AVorld with the Camera ' was given in the Factory-street AVesleyan Schoolroom, North Parramatta, on AVednesday evening last. The little building was crowded to excess, and the audience wero well pleased with the entertainment. The views were shown with the oxy-enlcian lime light by Mr. Herbert J. Rumsey, of the circulating library, who delivered a vory in teresting and instructive lecture in connec tion with the samo. In the absence of the Rev. M. H. Parkinson, who was unavoidably away, Mr. G. Oldham (vice-president of the Band of Hope) took the ehair, and in a few appropriate words, introduced tho lecturer to the large and appreciative audience. The views woro mostly from Mr. Rumsoy's own photographs. Starting at Sydney, the first view was the observatory, and next in the Botanical Gardens and around the Harbour. Going outside tho Heads, he wont north as far as the Hawkesbury, and then to tho extreme north — Onpe York. The journey then went south-east to New Zealand and the South Sea Islands. Making f,.r England, tho lecturer gave a good descriptive account of tho trip. On arriving at London, ho showed the most important places connected with history. Then ho proceeded to France, across the Continent and back a^ain and over to America, showing magnificent views about Now York; thence back again to Australia. On tho motion of Mr. Oldham, seconded by Mr. J. H. Lamond, mid supported by Messrs. Henry Spier and H. R. Tunks, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Rumsey. Admission was by silver coin, and the proceeds wero in aid of the Factory-street Mission Band of Hope, which of late has been making much headway. AVe have to acknowledge the receipt from the Railway Commissioners of the new time tables, fares, etc., on the N.S.AV. railways. Tho book is excellently compiled, and printed iu neat, legible type. The information is so arranged that enquirers can grasp it instantly, without being forced to delve through pages to aseorfcuiu the meaning of the matter compiled. Tho now time-table affects Parramatta very little. The train which used to leave at 5.I5H p.m. now loaves at o.!!0. The train to Bathursr on Saturdays, which formerly loft at 7.35 a.m., now starts at S.33. The 10.40 a.m. train on Mondays is now timed to leave at 10. 35 calling at Homebush instead of running through as formerly. The Commissioners are to be congratulated on the great success of their alterations iu the management of tho public railways. On Saturday night last a vory successful meeting- was held at Mrs. JJ.irsden's Commer cial Hotel, Liverpool, at which it was decided to establish the Liverpool Agricultural, Horti cultural, and Industrial Association. Mr. T. L. Peato, J.P., occupied tho chair, and the meeting was influential aud thoroughly rep resentative. Arice- presidents were nominated, and it was resolved that the Hon. AV. A. Lonsr, Mr. Sydney Burdokin, M.L.A., and the mem bers for Central Cumberland, bo invited to become patrons of the association. After the formation of committees, Messrs. H. S. Maekay and Swanton accepted tho offices of joint honorary secretaries, Mr. Maekay was also ap pointed treasurer, and tho mootiug adjourned. Generous offers of support have been received. Ijt reply to Mr. Farnoll in the Assembly on Monday Sir. Henry Parkes said tho Govern ment were fully aware of the inadequacy of the accommodation at Liverpool for tho purposes of petty sessions, aud the detention of prisoners at Liverpool. Ho would lose no lime in giving at tention to the matter. Messrs. F. Farnell and J). Dale, Ks.L.A for Central Cumberland, have received a com munication from Mr. Barling, Under- Secretary for AVorks, to the effect that the Secretary for Public AVorks has approved of the sura of ;Co0 being granted for expenditure upon tho Liverpool to Petirith and BringGlly road. The Department of Public Instruction has also informed Mr. Farnell that tho request for the expenditure of £10 towards the addition of a verandah for provisional school purposes at Exeter Farm will bo duly considered. Axothkr social iu aid of furnishing St. Patrick's Presbytery, Parramatta, will be held on AVednesday evening next. The arrange ments will be on the usual complete scale. Bhomk and Co. report having .sold at their sale yards, Pnrramatta, on Friday : — Turkeys, from 0s Gd to 21s per pair ; Gcose, 8s to 9s (id ; Duoks, 4s to 5s (id ; Fowls, 3s (id to (is (id; Roll Butter, lOdto ls'Jdperlb; Ke' Butter, (id to Is Id ; Bacon, Id to Sid : Hams, 7d to lOd ; Pornors, 18s to 27s Gd ; Eggs, Oil to lid per dozen; Suckers, 7s to 10s each ; Milch Cows, £-i 5s to .£(! ; Horses, .t'3 to £20 ; Potatoes, £o to £8 10s per ton: Turnips, £2 Ills to £2 15s: Mutton, Ud to 2id lb ; Carcase Pork, 4d to -U ; Pmidrotte', £o per ton ; Honey. ?Ud per lb ; Cheese, 4 id to (id : Oranges, 4s to 8s pei1 case; LemonsJ 5s to 9s, and a largo quantity of Sundries. Hii. John Xobbs, M.P., has received a letter from the Under Secretary Public Instruction to the effect that the Minister for Instruction has finally resolved to establish a Public Solii ol at Uydalmcrc, and that stops wero being taken to select a site upon which to erect the neces sary buildings as soon as possible. To-Morrow (Sunday) will witness this year's United Societies Church Parade, in aid of tho funds of thu Parramatt-i District Hospital. Jjidging by ? tho heartiness and unanimity with which the project has been taken up. Tho movement pro mises to be a signal success in cvory WM3'— assuming that the weather proves favourable. At tho meeting of the Women's Christain Temperance Union, Parramatta, on AVednesday one of tho vico-presidents denounced tho im puro literature circulated aud the gambling carried on in tobacconist's and barber's shop.--. It was decided to hold a public meeting at tho latter end of October. 