THE REV. DR. RAINY AT NORWOOD. Church-going people at Norwood had a favourable opportunity of hearing one of the leading ministers of Scotland on Sunday last. It was announced that Dr. Rainy would preach in the Institute, the present meeting place of the Presbyterians, and an audience which completely filled the Hall awaited the preacher. Punctually to the hour he appeared in Geneva gown and bands, a man venerable in years as iu position and service. Though advanced in life there is no indication of feebleness in his upright form, or in the intonations ot his well modulated voice. The usual order of Eervice in Presbyterian churches was rigidly adhered to, and in due course the text, was announced, as contained in the 2Cth and 21st verses ot the Epistle of Jude, 'But ye, beloved, building up yotirselves in your most holy faith, praying m the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves ii\ the love o"f God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.' The word : but/the preacher remarked, in its relation to the other phrases of the text was an example ot the manner in which the sacred writers frequently pass abruptly from one topic to the consideration of its opposite or contrasted theme. In the foregoing context a class of character is described, and from the description the apostle turns with sharp antithesis to another, and an essentially diverse class, ' But ye, beloved.' The several cluus&s; of the text might form suggestive themes for several discourses, but viewing them as a whole, designed to delineate Christian character, be would invite attention to the impressive terms employed by the Apostle in the successive clauses of the text, • Building up yourselves. The preacher iu solemn and earnest tones reminded his hearers that they were all building—each for himself and herself was building up a human character, shaping a human life, and they could not help it, nor could they arre->t the process; day by day, year after year they were building, adversity and prosperity, days of peace, and times of anxiety, were each in "succession laying course upon course to the structure, and a day was swiftly approaching when it would be searched and tried so as by tire. ' How are vou building—in what direction—on what foundation? The important point here is that you have a choice, a determining power,. The Christian knows the foundation on which he^ rests, the direction his building takes,and its prospective consummation fills lnm with hope and stimulates him to labor with patience and joyful anticipation. • Your most holy faith ' defines the foundation: unquestionably this includes all those cardinal doctrines which cluster round Christ, ' You may call it a creed if you like,' said the preacher. Christ, his person mission sacrifice and finished work. the true, sure, immovable foundation, and how strikingly it stands out in a world where all is unstable, and where death claims universal supremacy. This foundation is indestructible in all its elements, it is eternal, not on earth merely, but eternal in the heavtns, If not on this, immortal menl on what do you Vuild? 'Praying iu the Holy Ghost.' This process of building up is never for a moment (livotced from prayer, there is theie can b^, no true building up without prayer, and the Holy Gho-t has something to ^ay both as to the quality of l i.e building up. avid the chaiacttr of the piajing. No dead lormfll work, is praying in tbe Holy Ghost, There is tire as of elu. and ; life and holy power, in this praying in the Holy Ghost. ' Keeping yourselves in the love of God.' The question may arise in some nuinds—is this love the love of God tor man, or man's love to God 1 But the sacred"wiiteis nowhere teem to care to draw sharplines of distinction between the two phrases. They seem to take it'for granted that where the one is, the otheris not far distant. The preacher dwelt with impressive power on the transforming influence of this love, showing that from it spring.oil that was enobling and God-like in the religion of the cross. Xo meresketch caudo anything like justice to the rich and practical discourse of last 8unday morning, br. Rainy held his audience in rapt and sympathetic attention fum the beginning to the cloje OL the service, and 'it was manifest • that they fen the ministrations of such a man, even for the brief period, . formed a'time of refreshing. 