DEBATE AT EEltNUILL-' RONALD V. SYMES. HISTORICAL AUTHENTICITY1 \- of The resurrection. ; •The above debate came off at the; Mechanics’ Hall last night, but’the at tendance was-not numerolis. When the debate started about half-past eight,: there were not more than forty people present, but ultimately the audience increased-to between eighty and a hun dred. Both sides 'tvere ^accorded patient hearing, if few in terruptions by the of slightly inebriated i^^B^nHtnd the injudicious interjections of two or three not content to leave to the chairman the. right of kecking the contestants witliinj tho'limits of the question. i Councillor Watson was voted to thej chair, but declined to act in such a cause,; although nssured by Mr Symes that lie! , would be pleased to haVehim as 'Chair-, mail. Mr Raw was ultimately prevailed’ 'upon to assume the onerous du ties'and1 ■ took his seat with the evident approval; of the audience. (tlit*. Chairman claimed for both 'eon-! testnnts a fair hearing, Fernhiil Would- : not he behind EUrcuthani in according Mr Symes -fair play. He trusted Mr Symes' would not unnecessarily offend the feel (Continued on fourth page.) mgs of those present, and would conduct tlie debate in a fair unimpassioned man ner. Ho then called on the Rev. Mr Ronald to open the debate. Forty fire minutes was allowed for the opener, a quarter of an hour for each combatant, aud a quarter of an hour to Mr Synics at finish to sum up and reply. Mr Ronald in his opening remarks laid great stress upon the fact of a belief ia Christ haring risen from the dead being universally accepted by the earlier Christian Church, and contended this was good evidence of such an event having taken place. If it was admitted that St. John's Gospel was written by that apostle, it was as good as though we had that witness in the witness-box. From a multitude of doubters he would take a few. and show that the gospels were admitted t:> be genuine. He would show that within 30 years of the resur rection it was believed universally that Christ rose from tho dead, and if his opponent did not accept that evidonce he would have to rebut it. As an illustra tion ho took the Times newspaper and the now historic •• Parnell letter,” point ing out that so long as Mr Parnell allowed the stigma attached to his name to go by default and neglected to take the Timee into court, he was adjudged guilty, because he took no means to bring rebutting evidence to disprove the allegation, which was ultimately done, and acquitted him. -Now the historial evidence giving the memoirs of the life of Christ pointed to the Resurrection on the testimony of persons of known pro bity. Passing on to Bower, Strauss, and Renan, he pointed out that Strauss accepted what Bower rejected, and if these critics accepted things as genuine was it not reasonable for a Christian to accept. Enlarging on Renan and tho gospel of Mark, and recounting the salient features therein, he adverted to the want of argument and the inability to impede Christianits when the stoning of Stephen was resorted to, and asked why did not the men of that time dis prove the religion of Christ instead of leaving to posterity that unprofitable task. Again, what became of the body if Christ had not risen ? Taking the epistles Romans, Ephesians, and Corin ' thians went to establish the belief in the Resurreetion. Seventy years after that event the Christian church was estab lished in Rome, and he assumed that that letter from Paul to the Church in tho city would not be denied by his op ponent. Supposing Mr Symcs’ views became paramount, he would then find himself in that state which tho Christian Church hold at present—he would have to find some basis for society to rest on. Noticing tho first church at Rome was in existence before Paul went there, see the trouble he had to establish his position as an apostle with the Church at Corinth, yet the cardinal doctrine of the Resurrection was held by both sec tions of the Church. Touching on the fragmentry allusions in the Gospels, he contended that in writing, incidental allusions pre-supposed that the party written to were cognizent of certain facts, hence here was a proof that what was understood and accepted required no recapitulation. Summing up under the three heads—1st, That it did not hap pen ; 2nd, That it was a concocted story; 3rd, The apparition or ghost ver sion. He said the last would be a fraud, and could not be a body, and if that great and glorious system of Chris tianity had its origin in a fraud, He con tended it showed greater credulity to believe in the latter than in Christianity'. . Mr Symes followed in a trenchant style, by stating that the resurrection had its orgin m Paganism advancing the heathen god of the Egyptians, Osiris, and that the Christian was a replica of it, contending that the Egyptians had as firm belief in that diety as Mr Ronald or any Christian had in his faith. Passing on to the gospels he stated that the evidence of the gospels was not equal to having a witness in the box because the latter could be cross-examined and a witness who stood tho crucial test of cross-examination was a more credible than one on whose written testimony you had to rely. Not one of the gospels ho insisted was written by an eye witness, and heresay evidence not admissible. Coming to the persons of known probity, he quickly disposed of Peter in a manner that showed that apostle in his worst guise, using Paul’s remarks on the same apostle. Paul's conversion was next reviewed ; not an intellectual process but merely the result of an accident, and then but a vision. Ho wanted to know why, out of over 100 gospels only four were used as genuine, and the others rejected. Quoting largely from Hr. Davidson, the four gospels were closely criticised and the discrepancies shown up. Dr Gilles and Bishop Peterborough were used to some purpose, the latter to prove that were tjio empire to be governed for one week by Christian principles nothing but anarchy would be the result. Proceeding with a whole string of names such as the allegorical allusions to Christ, he was running amuck, when Mr Ronald rose to a point of order, and the former took his seat. On resuming he said he was not particular, but still he was only pur suing his course of cross-examination. He only wanted to arrive at the truth, and if convinced he would preach as earnestly as ever Mr Ronald did in that cause. From this on the same argu ment were traversed by the debaters, the one wanting eye witnesses and ad vancing discrepancies, and the other meeting the objections as fully as the records admitted. Mr Ronald mnde a telling point when he used the battle of Waterloo, giving the discrepancies of various writers as to the commencement, which did not disprove the fact of it tak ing place. The Chairman announced that no vote would be taken, and stated Mr Symes was a gentleman whatever his views were. A vote of thanks to the Chairman on the motion ol Mr Symes was carried, with acclamation, and the two debaters shook hands across the table. 