The Storyteller. The Episode of Grim Death Hollow.* PART THE EIGHTH. CHAPTER I. BY WILLIAM ASTLEY. Later in the same afternoon Annie completed her account of the details leading up to the tragedy. "People say, she said, "that there is a silver lining to every oloud. It may be so, but in our recent experience the contrary has been truer. If there has been brightness, shadow has followed immediately. So it was with that Saturday's holiday. It made us all gayer, for the evening—Henry had not seemed so well for long months. But on the Sunday morning everything changed—for me at least. Only on rare occasions did we get letters or mails of any sort. Dear old Dr. Gray wrote us twice or thrice a month—it was hu monetary aid that had enabled us to oome to the mountains—and perhaps one English mail in three would bring us a letter or a paper. On that Sunday morn ing Pessy, who had taken the little one* to ohuroh, as I oould not leave Henry, brought ma a letter addressed in a strange hand writiug. The post • mark was Sydney. Although it was addressed to Henry I opened it* I had a curious foreboding about its con tents, and did not wish him to be wdrried if I oould help it. The fear was only too well realised. A nephew of Dr. Gray was the writer. He informed us that the dear doctor, who was our only friend in the colony, had died suddenly a fortnight before, and had left him all his eatate. Then the writer, who was also the executor of the will, further wrote that in , examining the doctor's papers he had dis covered we were indebted to the estate for money advanced. The doctor would never accept from either Henry or myself any formal acknowledg ment of his loan, but my letters would, no doubt, supply full proof of our liability. The executor thereupon notified us that he called in the loan at once. The amount with interest was about £150. The doctor had taken the cottage for a year for us, and bad also paid our living expenses at a farm near Bathurst during the severe winter months. We had just returned from there when the letter arrived. Failing pay ment, the letter concluded, legal proceedings would have to be instituted. In my ignorance I did not know, nor do I now, what proceedings oould be taken, but I feared that it would mean imprisonment for Henry—for of course we had no means of payment. I kept the letter from my husband—it may have been wrong, but he had suoh a nervous horror of debt—somehow the doctor's kindliness had taken the sting out of the obligation to him—that I dreaded the effeot of the news upon his health. I wrote to the man, and explained our circumstances, and showed him how it was quite out of our power to pay. But he replied that from memoranda of the dootor's he was convinced that even if we oould not pay ourselves we had friends at home who would assist us. I had told the doctor our history, and he must have made some notes of it—doubtless with a view of helping us. The most the executor would do, he wrote, was to let the claim stand over for six months, to give me time to communicate with England. That period expires a month hence. Further appeals to him would not alter this resolution. Of course I oould not write home. There was no one I oould got the money from there unless it was Mr. Serpell, and not to save Henry would I take it from him. Oh, the misery of tho next few weeks! I would not tell Henry ; another change, and for the worse, had taken place in * The right of the publication in Queensland of " The Episode of Grim Death Holiow" hu been secured by (he Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. his condition, and I believe the shosk of the demand would hare kilted him at ouce. And then—l do not know exactly how the idea formed in my mind—but I determined to— stick-up—to rob—the ooaoh ! I mast have been insane, surely; I -wonder how I could have reasoned myself into doing it. And yet reason myself into it I did. I recalled to myself how Grizel Coohrane had robbed a mailman of the packet containing her father's death warrant, and had thus saved her father's life. Would my offence, I thought, be much worse—would I not do it to save my husband's life, or, if not to save it, to lengthen it? And so I prevented my judgment. At first I never hid from myself I was doing wrong, but later the hideousness of the act, of the crime, never appalled me—l suppose I became desperate, for I remember that I used to say to myself that, if I wronged society by the aot I contemplated, society had wronged me and mine, and that I was but righting myself with what someone had called the stern justice of revenge. And then I began to planhowtoeffeot my purpose; somehow from the first I had fixed upon the Hollow as the spot to stick-up the ooaoh, and gradually I saw how the gallery or tunnel whioh my boy Ted had discovered could be used to serve me. One day I hurried to the township, and thence through the Pass to the Hollow. Of oourse there was no one about to watch me as I attempted my objeot, whioh was to see if I oould pass from the outside of the fissure through whioh the creek ran to the inside opening into the tunnel leading to the gully. With great difficulty I succeeded in passing to the edge of the tunnel and back again, but I was wearing my ordi nary dreM, aud I believed that if I were to put on a man's olotbing I oould get with compara tive ease into the gallery. As I returned to the cottage I matured my scheme. I had read recently an account of a stage-coach robbery in the Goulburn distrlot; and somehow I seemed to see dearly the soene as it ocourred there, and to hear distinctly all the bushrangers had said— how and in what manner they had told the people to bail-up. I conned it off by heart, as if I were learning a lesson, and I rehearsed it to myself—except" and here Annie paused. "Except what, dear?" asked her hearer. " Bnt, stay—is it well that you should tall me any more ? I know now your reason for the affair. I know now the pressure of your cir oumstances drove you to seek this method—this fearful method—of relief. After what the Greaser said—and the sergeant—l do not think there is any fear—of detection. And it was because of that fear—and one other thought that came to me—that I wishud to hear the details." "One other thought P" inquired Annie; "what was that f" " Forgive me, dear, for thinking it," replied Mrs. Paton hesitatingly—"but I had imagined that you may have heard of our coming up, and had taken this mode of revenging—Henry's wrongs on his brother." " But how oould I know yon were oomingf I had never heard your name, the name of Paton I mean, till the morning you a Joame to the cottage. No, I was not aware of your coming—but Ido not say that, if I had been, I should not have sought revenge—somehow. I was desperate—l might have done anything." In that letter to the lawyer Serpell to whioh reference has been made, the squire bad pur posely or accidentally omitted to name the man with whom his wife had left his home. Thus when Dr. Lyttleton had mentioned the Patons to Mrs. Dennis the name had carried no special significance with it. The omission had often been commented on by Henry and Annie, and Mrs. Paton now recalled it. She said so to Annie, and again begged her pardon for supposing that there was a wilful design against Athelstane's life. Onoe more she asked Annie to allow the remainder of her account to go untold. 41 No!" exolaimed Annie, " I must go on ; Ido not toll you to exculpate myself'—l have no wish for that—but I must tell you—because —because the burden is so great. I cannot bear it alone !" she wailed, " I cannot!" And .then she proceeded. "I was going to say that I rehearsed it all, except the shooting. I never dreamt of that. I had a revolver—one of a new American pattern—which good Dr. Gray had given me when we first came to the mountains. It might be useful, he said—' there were lots of rough fellows about,' were his words, and he showed me how to use it, and gave me a box of car tridges. And I knew I should have to use the revolver when I did what I intended. But I really thought presenting the pistol would be all that would be necessary to bail-up the coach. Not a shot was fired at the Goulburn sticking up. And perhaps if I had had to load the weapon, the possibility of bloodshed resulting might have occurred to me. But the doctor haa given it to me loaded, and half-oocked. He said to carry an unloaded revolver was to put oneeelf in the position of ' looking the stable door after the horee was ntolen'—poor dootor, he was fond of a proverb ! ' Keep it from the children and servants,' he said, ' and then you need not fear to keep it loaded.' I knew too I should have to wear a man's clothes; but there was an old suit of Henry's—one he had never worn in the colonies—in our trunks, and when I came to try it on it fitted me pretty well* Then I had to devise an explanation of my absence from the cottage, and to determine when I should mako the attack on the coaoh. I had to find out how long it would take me to get from the oottage to the Hollow through the tunnel. It had ooonpied Teddy and me for over three hours, but then we had gone slowly and warily and had stopped frequently. As far as I could judge the distance by way of the gully and tunnel was about a mile, and I considered that, as I would have to make the double journey, to change my dress twioe, and to bo on the spot sometime both before and after the affair, I should require to be away at least three hours from home. I had been away before for that time, but early in the day, for exeroise, and I had thonght it best to stick-up the night down ooaoh to Heatherfels, whioh orossed the Hollow at about 5 o'olook. I had fixed that time because there was less chance of recognition in the dusk. That was the difficulty: how was Ito be absent from the oottage in the evening without exoiting Henry's suspicion—or Pesay's ? There was no one else I need, be oareful of. For some days I could not invent an excuse—a lie. Strange, was it not, that I was not affrighted by the crime I purposed, and yet was horrified at giving Henry a false reason for my absence ? At last a way out of the difficulty seemed to opan out. The postmistress sent word by Pessy that tthe had just purchased in Sydney a piano —it was the only one in the township—and wished to know if I would give her daughters lessons. I saw the woman, and arranged to teach the girls; but I could not definitely appoint the hours, as I could not, I said, »tate when I could leave my husband. Whenever I could come to their house I would. As the children were always at home, the postmistress consented to this arrangement. I went twice or thrice in the afternoon, Henry not needing me, and so I knew that if some afternoon I left the cottage, and was absent for two or three hours, Henry and Pessy would think I had gone to the post office. Everything, indeed, seemed to fall in with my plans; one morning through Peasy's chatter I learnt that young Green of the Bank of New South Wales at Bathnrst was coming from Sydney with coin. He had gone down with the fortnightly escort with gold, and should have returned with the trooper's party. The publican at 'The Traveller's Best' had asked the troopers why the bank olerk had not ootue book with them. Ho had been delayed, they said, at the head office or the mint, and some jokes had passed as to whether he would get up safe—safe, that is, from the bush rangers. When I was in Bathurst I had occa sion to go to the bonk to get some cash for one of the doctor's drafts, and had heard the young man—the teller—who cashed it addressed as Mr. Green. I thought I would know him again, and I resolved if I oould to take no property but that he was in charge of—the bank's. "I had determined to take just as muoh as would pay the debt due to the doctor's estate— and no more. We had a few pounds left of the doctor's last remittance, aud the purchase of the piano by the postmistress had led to others being ordered by other residents of the township, who had already offered their children tut pupils. So there was probable provision for a fow months, and I could not, and would not, take more than would relieve me of the one great pressure. There was no time to lose, as Green was ex peoted up the next trip of the Greaser. That would be the following day. So I prepared a mask, and the olothes, and the revolver, and that night when Pessy had gone home, and the ohildren were asleep, I took the bundle to the gully-head. I oould not go farther with it then, as Henry might have wanted me. That night I did not sleep, and yet the next morning I did not suffer the least exhaustion—l was sustained by a feeling of excitement. Onoe or twice the Uiought ot the personal risk I ran passed across my mind, but 1 would not allow myself to think of it. What was the risk to myself, if I oould only obtain enough to save Henry during the few months of lite remaining to him from the horrid knowledge of what the doctor's nephew had threatened V He, Henry, had lamented the neoessity that had compelled us to take advan tage of a stranger's kindness. And had he known of the doctor's death, and what had fol lowed, then indeed he would have suffered. No, I would not permit myself to think of the possible oonaequenoes of my act. The straugest thing was that the thought of what might be the effect upon Henry and the ohildren, sup posing I was recognised, never ooourred to me. I must surely have been insane not to have realised all that would have been involved in— in—the robbery. I see now that the pressure of the debt upon us, though it would have troubled us, oould not have oppressed us so awfully as does the Bin of the step I took to free as from the trouble. Surely, surely, I was mad!" Annie bowed her head upon her arms, and moaned in the bitterness of her remorse. The elder lady suffered as keenly. Annie's words had soourged her like a whip of wire; again and Again she had writhed in the consciousness that her own sin had precipitated the orime the remembrance of which was lashing her son's widow into the agony of confession. The room was Ailing with the silence and the gloom of evening as Annie forced herself to end her narrative. " Thnro is little else to toll," she said, every accent of her voioe pulsing with pain. "The following afternoon I left the cottage between 3 and 4 o'clock—for the township, as Henry and Pessy thought. " I said 1 might not be baok till after dusk. As I kissed Henry before leaving, he said: ♦Ar© you not overworking yourself, wife Anniet1' And then: 'I suppose there is no help for it. I sometimes wish, dear, that the end ■ would come soon, no that your burden might be the lighter.' I kissed him agaiu; I dare not trust myself to speak. And so I went out to perform—my felon's task." The shadows' deepened; the rumble of distant thunder echoed and re-echoed through the valley*; the hills gave baok tho hollow monotone; a curlew's cry trembled in a near gully. Annie resumed: " I went to the spot where I had placed the clothes and other things the previous night. Then I carried them to the farther end of the cave, and there I ohanged my clothing for Henry's suit. Taking the revolver and the mask, I passed up the tunnel. I hod some time to wait—that I knew; and it was best to wait inside the wall, rather than in the Hollow, in case anybody was proceeding by the short out between the townships. I had lit a candle, of course. Before putting it out 1 glanced around me. I had not noticed when with Teddy a number of stones, some too heavy for me to lift, others easily within my powers to raise. These lay at tho base of the tunnel, some in the creok water. Probably they had onoe beon portious of the rook dislodged by the creek when it was n strong currant. The thought then suggested itself to me that, if I had time, after the—adventure—no, it is useless to minoe matters now—after the robbery, I would blook the aperture on the inside as well as I oould do. It might be that I should leave traces of some kind that would enable eearohers to traok me through the hole. This idea is the last that I have a dintinot recollection of before the affair. I must have had thoughts after wards ; I must have reasoned in a way; but I can reoolleot nothing of my feelings or im pressions till I found myself in the Hollow. I j had got through the aperture, bat mechani cally ; and yet I never teemed to myself to be so calm aud collected. Not long had Ito wait then. I heard the rattle of the coach as it passed from the atony road into the Pass; I heard the metallic clash of the hoofs become subdued to the dull beat on the grass. I rrouohed by the side of the shrubs in the creek. I saw the mass moving out of the darkness behind; I heard the horses panting; and then the driver's ory: 'Hold on now like grim Death!' I must have aoted then. Well must I have learnt ray lesson! for you know my— my suooess. For the first time the enormity of my crime flashed upon me as I fired the second shot. I did not consciously fire the first—some instinot of self-preservation blindly forced me to pall the trigger. You know what followed—or much of it. After a sufficient time had elapsed to enable you—the party of passengers—to get out of the Pass, I fired another shot into the bank box. Hardly knowing what I was doing I took oat s leather bag; I struok a match: I opened the bag; its contents were silver. I triad the next layer of bags, and the first I opened proved to be gold. I took two others from tho same layer without opening them; and then I hastened back to the opening. As I descended into the Hollow, in the darkness I slipped into the creek—it was very shallow; ana again an instinct prompted me to keep to the water; stepping on the moist earth would have left tracks. Reaohing the rift in the rook I threw the bags to the other side, and drew myself into it. I was quivering then with fear and shame—nothing of the real nature of my aot was hidden from me. I nearly fainted when in the narrow cleft—l could have oried out but for fear of detection— the rooks seemed pressing on me. How I got through then I can no more tell than how I got through before that evening. My senses were numb almost; but my fear did not deprive me of strength; rather it increased it. I blocked the aperture on tho inside with stones that I should have been powerless to raise at other times, and then, picking up the bags, I ran— yes, ran—through the tunnel to the oave. There I changed my dress again; I did not know the time; I had lost all count; but I seemed to have lived through an eternity of shame—and then, too, remember, I fancied myself no worse thau a thief—even then I did not suspect I was a—murderess! How I got bock I cannot recall; my only remembrance of the evening is of Henry's dear solicitude for me. * Dear,' he said, *itis as I dreaded— you are working too hard;' aud then be would press my hand and tell me no man ever had wife like his! Ob, the mockery of it! the horror of it! And now—now, you know all!" Night encompassed the room. Outside, the thunder had marched nearer and nearer, and now its majestic roll reverberated through the interstioea of the neighbouring hills; the lightning darted and flashed in a weird brilliancy in and among the peaks; the rising wind shrieked through the gaunt trees, and sobbed and sighed in the gullies. And, inside, a woman prostrate in her sin and her grief, wailing. Another woman, standiug, but with gray head bent, the tears of a vain regret piercing the looked fingers with which she shielded her face. And this othar woman was thinking that all this might not have been had she not relinquished her wifely duty. The dread sequences of her wrong-doing over* whelmed her, and, though she stood erect, her spirit was as abased as the form at her feet. At last Mrs. Paton assisted Annie to rise. "We had better see," she said, " whether the driver needs anything; it is getting late, and you should be in bed; you are worn out, dear." " Yes, I will go," returned Annie faintly. " I need rest so much—oh, that it oonld be the long long rest!" "Do not say so, dear. If there will not be happy days in store for us, tbere may be peaceful ones. We will go home—to England— •t once." " Peace! with remorse always tearing at the mind—no peace for me! And then there is the fear—of what may happen. Oh, for the children's sake, I fear—that!" The fear was very real to her; great drops of moisture were on her brow; her murmured words struggled for hearing with a gasping breath. " Dismiss it, my daughter—surely there is no danger now; the peoret rents with us and the driver. And it in we two who have the most to forgive" Then, as a sudden thought struok her, she added: "What of the gold, Annie?—that must be returned—if you have used it. And how shall we do that without exciting sus picion?'* " The gold is still in the oave—and tho other things. During these terrible weeks 1 have never dared to go for it. But the Greaser will perhaps arrange to return it for us," replied Annie. " And you are sure that no one knew of the oave and the tunnel but yourself ?" " And the boy, of course." " Suppose he speaks of it—suppose he has spoken of it —may not that lead to the things being found?" A frenzied dread shone through Annie's eyes* Wildly sho oried: "Oh, do not suggest that! that would be too awful—ray boy to strike tho avenging blow ! O God!" In the paroxysm of her fear she would have rushed out into the night and have sought hef way to the oave so as to remove the gold and the clothes ; but Mrs. Paton restrained her. "You cannot go now, dear. Listen to the storm! the exposure would kill you." The little cottage Bwayed with the fury of tho wind; the volume of thunder pealed against Hassan's Walls; aud Mro. Paton could ncarcely hear her own voice for the pelting of the rain against the shingles. Her own state of physical and mental ex haustion, the momentary excitement having passed, was more convincing to Annie of the uselessnesa of leaving the house than Mrs. Paton's words. Not even her own anxiety, however, caused her to forget the Greaser. She paused in his doorway before she withdrew to her own room. His candle was not burning; so, as he might be sleeping, she did not speak for a moment. But Jack was awake, and had heard her. "Thet you, marmf" he inquired. "Yes, Jack—my friend," she answered. " Can I do anything for you?" " No, marm. thenk yer—'oept" " Exoept what, Jack f" " Ter say thet agen, mann—wot yor sed jest now." "Jack," she whispered, inexpressibly touched, '' my friend! for you are my friend, Jack." " Ter th' death, mann!" came baok through the darkness. Jack served the sorrowful woman better than he knew. It was something to her stricken soul to have retained the respect of even the Greaser; and the sympathy and pathetic affection into whioh the touch of her hand had transmuted much of his coarseness and baseness gave to her a meed of consolation. She slept more restfully that night than she she had done for weeks. It was well that she did so. She would need all her strength for what the ooraing day was to bring forth. The hand she loved was to inflict the blow ah* dreaded. Her boy had told Sergeant Carroll of the tunnel from the oave to the Hollow! Cbaftbb 11. As Sergeant Carroll dismounted at the gate of his quarters at Egerton on his return from his profitless visit to the Greaser, Dr. Lyttleton, who was accompanied by Teddy Dennis, stopped to speak to him. "Well, sergeant, and did you see Jack? How is he f" queried the dootor. "I saw him," rejoined the trooper rather discontentedly, " and I should cay be is getting on apaoe. Going over there to-day P" " No; but I take the youngsters home to morrow. Did you got any satisfaction out of the Greaser?" " Can't say that I did, sir; he persists that he does not know the man, and I believe him; but I believe also that if he did ho wouldn't inform. And then, with a laugh at his own discomfiture, he continued: "He pretended to be greatly surprised at my not having got on the tracks of the bushranger. The sinner, for all his illness, knows perfectly well that the ' fools' who came from the township that morning had played the diokens with the tracks if there were any." The doctor, who had of course been duly in formed of the lively scene at the Hollow the morning following the stickiog-op, laughed heartily, and Carroll could not refrain from joining in the laugh, although it was largely against himself. "By the way, Carroll," cried Lyttleton, " you examined that hole into whioh the creek runs, didn't you? Teddy here says it leads to * sort of tunnel through the rooks. Curious thing, that!" " You mean the hole behind the ferns and shrubsP" "Yes." "Oh, that can't lead anywhere; I did examine it, but it is blocked a few feet away from the month by stone." "Oh," struck in the boy hastily, somewhat indignant at having his statement discredited, "but it does lead somewhere—to a gallery; mother and myself found it out a short time time ago, and we went through the hole to the Hollow—at least I did. It wasn't blocked with stones then." The sergeant, who had been stripping his horse, while speaking, of his saddle and breeching, and' had just reversed the bridle prior to leading it to bis stable, looked at the boy. "You can't mean that, Teddy lad?" He lowered his voice involuntarily, as if in recog nition of the loss made manifest in the boy's blaok suit. " Oh, but I do," responded Ted with per sistence. "Mother and I tracked the tunnel from a oave at the head of a gully near our place right up to the rook next the Hollow. And jolly good fun it was, too!" he concluded with the vehemenoe of his years. Carroll and the dootor thoughtfully looked at each other. "Anything in it, you think, sergeant?" asked the doctor. "Somebody said in the boy* hearing the other day that it was strange the Greaser should have been one of the chief sufferers by tbe affair in the Hollow, when it was he who discovered the Paßs, and the boy then said that he and his mother had found a way tQ the Hollow aH well. And then he told us all about Mrs. Dennis's trip into tbe rocks. Plucky thing that for a lady, wasn't itP And a useful thing, too, if it turns out the rogue got to and from the Hollow that way." The sergeant did not answer at once; when he did, he suid reflectively : " Eufc I'll swear, doctor, the hole was blooked when I looked in to it. I Mruok a match and saw the stones distinctly. There was juat a narrow upace into which the water ran. Are you sure, Ted, you went through to the Hollow—right through F" "Right through and baok again, Mr. Carroll." And then he related how the oave and the tunnel came to be discovered, and how he had crawled through the aperture. "Well, it's a curious thinsr," said Carroll, " and it's just possible that if Teddy is right"— Ted threw up his head resentfully—" the bushranger and his gang know of it. I've to draw up a report for Penrith to-day, or I'd go over at otice and ferret out the place. But 111 go over the first thing in the morning." " Tell you what, Mr. Carroll," exclaimed Ted impetuously, his irritation at the sergeant's doubtf ulnees vanishing at the prospect of a ride on horseback, " Dr. Lyttleton is going to drive us over to-morrow in his buirary; but if the doctor won't mind, and you, Mr. Carroll, will let me hnve your pony, I'll go with you and show yon tho gully and the tunnel, if mother will let me—and ebe will, I know." Blindly the Bturdy lad was weaving the net round the feet of that dearly-loved mother! " What do you say, doctor? Is it a bargain? Ted can have his ride, and I shall be saved an hour or two." " Of course I'm agreeable," responded the dootor. " But you will want to start early, Carroll, while I cannot drive over with the little girls till nearly noon." "Yob, I Bball have to start by 7 o'clock. Let the boy stop with me to-night, doctor, so we needn't harry your people in the morning." "What do you say, TedP" questioned Dr. Lyttleton. " Splendid!" was the boy's reply. " All right, then. I know you will take care of him, sergeant." Dropping his voice so the lad should not catch his words: "That poor lady yonder can't bear much more trouble, Carroll." " That was my thought to-day, doctor, when I paw her; she is more of a ghost than a living woman. You oan depend on it I'll watch him as if he were my own." So, after the boy had gone to the dootor s house to bid Mrs. Lyttloton good-bye, and to kiss his little twin-sister good-night, he returned to the sergeant's neat quarters to pass the night. . The lad was of an age to know something of the meaning of sorrow. He had felt his father's loss deeply, and his nightly sloop since had been disturbed by memories of the dead man, and by boyish plans for the future, in whioh he was to shield the dear mother from further trouble. That night he slept soundly in his strange bed. Did no vision come to warn him that in his innocence he was betraying that dear mother P Did no intimation, sent forth from "t'other side of the Great Divide" by the spirit of his father, reach him to restrain his arm from striking that cherished one a fatal hlowP [COSCMJBIOK OK PAKT EIGHTH.] 