TAKING THE WHITE VEIL. Ox Sunday, July 7th, the very interest ing ceremony of the reception of three youne sisters into the order of the Sisters of Mercy took place in the Catholic Ch urch at Gunned ah. The white veil and religious habit were given to the SiBters by the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, the venerated Bishop of the diocese, in the presence of a large and much interested congregation. The long procession of Postulants, Novices, and Professed Sis ters, in their black and white garments, with the three candidates in the glimmer ing whiteness of their bridal robeB, en tered the Church at the 11 o'clock Mass, and, after the usual questions had been put by the Bishop to the intending Sis ters one by one as they knelt before him at the Altar, the Mass proceeded. The Very Rev. Dean Cherubini, of Glen Innes, was the celebrant, and it was a great treat to hear the perfect intonation of his musical Italian voice as he sang the Gloria Credo and other parts of the Mass. The sermon was preached by the Rev. A. W. Petre, who had given a mission to the Gunnedah Catholics during the pre vious week. He took his text 'from the Book of Wisdom, ch. 12, v. 1: "O, how good and sweet is Thy Spirit, O Lord ! to all thingB." His very eloquent sermon was as follows :ѥ" My Lord, dear Bisters, dear brethren, in Jesus Christ: We con stantly hear a vocation spoken of, but, perhaps, without ever thinking of its meaning. To-day we are specially re minded of this, when we are about to see the touching ceremony of the reception of three young sisters into the religious life. But a vocation does not mean only the call to the life of a religious order. Every one of yon, my dear brethren, has his special vocation in this life, his one place, his one set of duties in the world. We I are all travellers on the journey from our I birth to our death, and duriou this jour- ; uey we have each of us to work iu the vocation to which God has called us, and, according to our good or bad work in that vocation, we shall be judged when we ap pear before God, and the judgment then meted out to us will be one of justice. Every good work, every good action in our appointed path will be rewarded or punished ; as certain is the reward for our merit, ao certain, also, is the punishment for our failing to work faithfully in our vocation. Even in this world, a man is rewarded according to his deeds. If he transgresses the law, lie is punished for it; if he labour honestly and faithfully, success follows, and God, who iB justice itself, will, when our working day is over and the night has come, * in which no man can work,' reward or punish His children according to their deeds. And yet how few there are who, in deciding on their line of life, on their future occu pation or profession, consider whether it is the one in which they will be the most likely to save their souls, or, when tbey have chosen it, consider day by day how they can best serve God in it. A man chooses the holy estate of matrimony, and instead of considering whether the object of bis choice is one who will walk with him hand iu hand on the way to Heaven, consults merely his own fancy or passing inclination ; or a man chooses his future career because be imagines such or j such an occupation will bring him in more money with but little labour, and to be rich is the one object of his ambition ; men will toil night and day to acquire wealth or position, and never look beyond to the day when riches will take to them selves wings and fly away, leaving them empty-handed before their Judge. Others enter upon a certain occupation because it will bring them into the society they care for, or enable them to make friendB amongst a certain class of people, and no thought crosses their mind of the day when they must pass away alone and friendless into the dark shadow of the valley of death. Bat, my dear brethren in Jesus Christ, this is not the right way to chooBe your vocation, to choose that path on which may depend a whole eter nity of happiness or misery. There is one way, one vocation for which God has fitted us, for which He has given us 1 talents and qualifications, aud on which path we may tread moBt safely through ; the snares and temptations that beset us, and, before entering upon the business or occupation of our life, you should most earnestly ask of God to enlighten you with His Holy Spirit, the Spirit of wisdom and sweetness, who, if you follow His guid ances, will show you your vocation in this life, and, haying entered upon it, will : fill you with His consolations, will make all trials and difficulties in its course but; steps in your onward progress, but winds that fill your sails and impel you all the more safely over the ocean of life. And you, also, whose course is already chosen, reflect how in it you can best serve God and carry.out His Holy designs for your j salvation. Let your great anxiety be, not how to amass wealth, or to strive for worldly position, though these objects, pursued in moderation, may in themselves be good and lawful, but let your chief de sire be, in all your work, in all your toil, in all your striving, to act as God intends you to act, to seek year by year, month by month, day by day, how you may gather together the riches that no rust can corrupt, no moth destroy, the riches of charity, of faith, of hope, the charity that loves God above all things, that seeks to benefit and relieve your fellow men, to build up and beautify the House of God ; the faith that looks far into the anseen world and holds firmly and pro fesses openly and faithfully the revealed truths of our Holy religion, and not only believes but practises them ; the hope that soars on buoyant wings to the throne nf the Eternal, that breathes itself ^orth in prayer and praise, mingling with the incense that rises ever from the Angels' golden-censers in the home of the Elect. Then, when the shadows of life's evening close around, and the summons comes from your Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, you will appear before him with full hands, with the fruits gathered from the faithful discharge, of your vocation, with the beautiful gifts of the Holy Ghost, who has shed His sweetness on your path and made your works fruitful before God, and you shall hear the welcome of j the servant who, having been faithful in many things, is bidden to enter into the joy of his Lord. And you, my dear siB tera in JeBUB Christ, who have come this day before the Chief Shepherd of God's flock in this diocese to seek at his hands admittance into a new and holier life, yon have well chosen your vocation ; it is one given only to the few ; one of renunciation and self-denial; one in which you give up, not only the sinful amusements, pursuits, and pleasures of the world, but also its holiest affections and its innocent delights in order more fully and perfectly to fol low Him who trod before you the path of suffering. You appear to-day in the. sheen of white bridal robes, which tell of . joy and purity, of pleasures you might ; lawfully indulge in ; you will change them for the sombre garb of a Sister of Mercy, in memory of Him who, with torn and blood-stained raiment, carried the CroBs on His shoulders through the streets of | Jerusalem and up the steep road of Cal vary. Henceforth, your work ib all for Him ; you give up your own will and sub mit in perfect humility and obedience to the will of your Superior, whose voice is to you as the echo of that of God- You ; will labour no more for your own profit or pleasure, but every work from morn till night will be all for Him, whose Spouses you become. . In the homes of the sick and suffering, in the daily routine of teaching and instructing, you minister to Him. On you the Holy Ghost comes , with an added sweetness, pervading your , heart and mind, and filling you with love unutterable, such as the world dreams not of. Still, even to you may come daya and hours of trial and discouragement, but, except through your own fault, you can never lose the sweet miuisterings of the Holy Ghost, who is this day in a spe cial manner invoked upon you. Go on, then, in the high vocation to which God has called you, and one day you will again change your garments, not to re-clothe yourselves in the bridal robes you now lay : aside, but in the white wedding garment of the marriage supper of the Lamb. And yon, dear brethren in Jesus Christ, whose vocation is in the world, when the end comes will it find you clothed in raiment that can be admitted there, with the white robe of your baptism stained, per haps, and torn in the world's conflict, but washed in the Sacrament of Penance and repaired with the seams of sorrow and contrition ; or will it find you in the filthy rags of guilt, of sin unrepented of, with the dross of earth clinging to it, utterly unfit for the presence of your Lord and Master \ If yon have not yet thought of the importance of your vocation, begin at once to consider it, to make it the means of carrying out the one great and real vo cation of all, whether in the world for the cloister, the vocation of saving your souls. Follow the good and sweet guidance of the Spirit of God, until the great call shall come when they who are ready enter the Master's House and are welcome gue&ts; at the wedding banquet of the Lamb, where nothing that is defiled can enter, but the pure in heart shall dwell for evermore in the light of the eternal home." After Mass, the reception was continued with all its touching and beau tiful ceremonies. The yonug Novices for evermore put off their robes of silk and satin, laid aside their bridal wreathe, and took the black dress, white cloak, and veil of a Novice, and then, lying pros Irate at the foot of the altar, solemnly dedicated their lives to the service of God. 