The Advertiser FRIDAY, APRIL 5, 1889. ONCE more the rabbits are victorious. The scientific attack upon them has con-<*> fessedly failed. A Royal Commission has been studying them in the hope of find- log means for their wholesale extermina tion, and has finally " given them best" If they had only known of the Interest they were exdting'and how it was mani fested their natural timidity Is such that they might have been expected to give ap the ghost from sheer apprehension. What a scare would have swept over their haunts and homes had they received the Intelligence that scientific men from five colonies, aided by experts from Earope, were consulting how mo?t speedily to classify themamong extinct animate t Con trariwise how they would have frisked and capered If they could only have read the report of that commission, as laid before the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, and reproduced In our columns on Thursday last. The work of the In fluential body which has had the question in hand seems to have been done very thoroughly. Within a fortnight of twelve months has elapsed since It began Its In vestigations. The report Is doubtless valuable, but tta information Is chiefly of a negative character. The problem can hardly be said to be as far from solution as ever, for it Is something to have gained the assurance that time and money will not to wasted on methods that must end in disappointment, but the hoped-for remedy Is still undiscovered. Manifestly there has been no lack of Ingenuity biought to bear. A bonus of £25,000 is a wonderful thing for quickening Inven tive genius. We are told that plans for the extermination of rabbits by disease were submitted by no less than 115 correspondents, and yet the commission found it necessary to reject them all. Of other methods the number sug gested was veritably legion. Such was the multitude that strict enumeration* h not resorted to, and it Is wld "about 1,400" such schemes were referred to the commlnlon. The particulars of some of them have already been made known, and show that the most elementary knowledge of the conditions tinder which they would have to be applied was absent. Oat of them all there Is not one singled oat M worthy of general adoption, and the net conclusion of the whole enquiry Is that no patent process for effecting a prompt and complete clearance of the rabbit pest has been or v likely to be devised. Special mention is of course made of the efforts to meet the case by the repre sentatives of M. Pasteur. Great things were expected of these gentlemen, and were promised by them, but they had under-estimated the difficulties In their way. They were prepared to kill rabbits that had been already caught, by adding microbes to their food, to show that domestic animals would not suffer by such an addition to their diet, and to conduct experiments on an enclosed Inland area. One 1b tempted to say that If that was all they could accomplish they might ai well have remained In France. Anybody can kill a rabbit when he has hold of it by the bind legs. It 1b a work of super erogation to feed it with certain organisms and let it go again that they may do the work. If the rabbit must be fed at all, there are arsenic, strychnine, and a few other deadly substances, the nature of which we pretty well understand, and why should we import microbes about which we know so little? What was wanted was something that should be self acting in its nature, for otherwise it must be worthless or worse. The refusal of the commission to sanction experiments on an inland area was perfectly justifiable. Chicken cholera for all we know to the contraiy might easily have proved a more direful pest than that it was intended to displace; it is as yet absent, and we have plagues enough. No matter how small the area it covered at first, we have quite sufficient experience to warrant us In dreading its power of rapid extension. The continuation of this class of experi ments as conducted by Dr. Kate was equally discouraging. It is stated that if the microbes are exposed in the open air to a temperature of 124 degrees they lose their virulence, and so there Is a limit to their destructive power. Worse than this is the intimation that the disease does not spread freely from affected to healthy animals. In a word it Is not proved to be infectious at all, and the difficulty of Imparting and at the same time Hmijitng the contagion is simply insuperable. To give rabbits chicken cholera you must adopt the famous recipe for destroying certain other pests, only when you have caught your rabbit yon don't want to trouble about communicating a disease if there Is a stick handy. Short work is made of the other reported rabbit scourges. The Tintinallogy disease Is said to be simply starvation; the bladder worm Is of partial efficacy and very dangerous ; and the sarcoptes cunicitli Is pronounced a failure in the dry districts. The commission condemns the system of compulsory trapping by professional trappers with State bonuses as radically bad, and there is no doubt that the view taken of it Is correct. It oners a premium for extending and perpetuating the plague while pretending to destroy it. It 1b as though a fire brigade should scatter fire brands and leave a few smouldering embers, so as to prevent its members being thrown out of employment. The prlnoiple that is advocated Is in brief the old maxim — "Divide and conquer." WltMn an enclosure, no matter how large, It Is possible to eradicate the pest by patient and vigorous action, but if it be not securely fenced out the work will soon have to be done over again. The commission phis Its faith to wire-netting 3 feet high and with a mesh of five- eighths of an Inch, It recommends that the erection of such fencing should be made compulsory, and also die destruction of rabbits within such enclosures. The respon sibility of clearlngthevermlnfromoccupled lands Is placed on the landlords, and from Grown lands on the Government. This principle Is recognised in South Australian legislation on the subject. The process of extermination will not be very' speedy, bnt it will be effectual if the measures suggested are adopted. It will no doubt be costly, but there will be the consolation of knowing that the first expense is also the last. This Is rather a prosaic ending of a year's enquiry by such an Influential and able commission, bnt it Is a relief to have got rid for good and all of the pro ject of fighting the pest by the introduc tion of a new disease that would have cer tainly dangerous and possibly terrible consequences. The growing interest which JSogli?hstates men take in Australia is exemplified in nothing more strongly than in the eager nets which they now display to make themeelves personally acquainted with England's splendid coloniesinthe southern teas. Ten or fifteen years ago it was otherwise, and the duty of representing her Majesty in the various Australian capitals was generally undertaken by so called " professional governors," who al though often admirably fitted by nature and experience to fill their positions, wera not directly connected with the politics of the mother country. To-day members of the House of Lords willingly embrace the opportunity of acquiring by actual service as Governors of great colonies a practical experience of colonial circumstances, aspirations, and modes of thought, which muat prove Invaluable to them In a political sense when they return to the great centre of Imperial activity. Even where there Is neither time nor In clination to undertake a definite obliga tion, such as the government of a colony, British statesmen are glad by travel and personal Inspection to become acquainted with new lands which are now more than ever attracting the attention of dwellers In the old world. Lord Carnarvon Is one of these travellers, and his views on the Australia of to-day are of exceptional Interest on account of his unusual experience in the administration of colonial affairs. As long ago aa 1858 he was Under • Secretary of State ior the Colonies, and it was during his role in the Colonial Office that he introduced the Bill which federated the Canadian provinces Into one great Dominion. In the March number of the Fortnightly Eniar Lord Carnarvon gives the world the general impressions ha re ceived during hlB journey through the Australian colonies In 1837 and 1888. The time was an appropriate one for such a visit; for, as he says, "one International Exhibition at Adelaide wasclcming, another at Melbourne was about to open ;" and he was also able to witness the celebration of the centenary of JSe^r South Wales. Speaking of the relations between the mother country and tha colonies Lord' Carnarvon expresses his thorough belief in the ties of affection—sentimental though they must be to a great extent to the rising generation of Australians— which bind the two together. The real danger of any severance of these Units lies, on the side of Australia, In "that Impatience of any fancied control (for real control there Is none) and the sup posed power of asserting or maintaining its Independence ; on the side of England, In ttat absorption In domestic and secondary objects; and on both aides there is danger that the reckless appeals of unHcrupulou? politicians for some tem porary purpose may alienate the two great countries." Lord Carnarvon 1b much Impressed with the reality of Aus tralian democracy, and appears to think It eren too complete for entire safely. He holds that tie government of England was a eafer model and provided better safeguards at the time when the American constitution received Its form than when the Australian colonies borrowed their polity from the institutions of the mother country at a later date. Lord Carnarvon believes that the discreditable scenes which have occurred In the Commons of kite years and the "unbridled license of parties" In the Imperial Parliament have borne evil fruit In the colonies. This la a novel and we fear not a very probable explanation of the disgraceful rowdyism which has at times marked the proceed ings of some colonial Legislatures. Pro bably the fact that politicians have not been able to discuss public questions without acrimony and personalities Is largely due, both in England and Aus tralia, to the outrageously prolonged ■sittings which have been brought about by mere talkativeness or persistent stone walling. Ihe natural reeults are mental irritation, unstrung netve?, and as a further consequence heated debates and unseemly "scenes." Oar visitor notices the general tendency towards a protec tive system throughout Australia, and he appears to agree with the conclusion that Intercolonial will precede Imperial Fede ration. He praises the spirited manner in which the colonies, and especially Victoria, have undertaken the task of defending themselves against a foreign foe, and suggests the sending to Australia of some general officer of the highest military standing to review the military organisa tion of each colony, to secure a general assimilation of the conditions of service and equipment, and, as far as practicable, to weld independent bodies into a com pact force capable of mutual action and support. There is almost an entire absence of criticism in the article, which is foil of kindly and admiring appreciation of Aus tralia and her inhabitants ; of her climate, her cities, her scenery, and her hospitality. Democratic and commercial Melbourne Is compared to republican Florence In the days when the latter was one of the queen cities of the Mediterranean and her citizens were animated with noble concep tions of their public duties, while Adelaide la termed " tiie fair city of flowers," and its happy alto and " broad band of park, providing an abundance of air and light," are recognised in words of not undeserved eulogy. His lordship sees that while she early years of colonial life were neoessatfly those of tutelage under the fostering care of England, yet as strength and stature ate reached the rein must be gradually re laxed until "affection and self-interest remain the principal, perhaps the only ties:" and he wisely points out that following an opposite policy weakened the hold upon the colonies of France and Spain until they slipped from the grasp of those nations and either bt| came Independent or fell to other hands. In his concluding remarks Lord Car narvon pays an eloquent tribute to Australian progress, which Is some* times obscure to those who view It from so close'a standpoint that momentary retrogression Is mistaken by them for per manent depression. "We seem to bob," he says, " a young nation In the first flush of life, delighting in its strength, confi dent in Its resources, aspiring In its ambi tion ; we can trace them in each stage of progress, from the log hut In the bush to the pastoral station with Its countless flocks, to the development of mineral wealth, to the aggregation of men and houses, to the rise of stately cities, the fever of politics, the anxieties of trade. New towns Indeed will be built as long as human energy lasts; new countries planted) new communities founded ; but the world can hardly expect again to see a whole continent brought simultaneously out of the wilderness into the family of great na tions within the lifetime of a single generation. It Is a startling outburst of vigor and enterprise, and has in It as much tf the romance of true history aB the win ning of battles and the making of king doms." The French Government have at laat been roused Into taking active measures against General Boulanger. The suppres sion of the Patriotic League, and the pro?ecntion of its members, including M. Laguerre, the satellite of Boulanger, was the first move in the campaign on which BL Tirard and his colleagues have entered. The next step has been the Issue of a de cree for the arrest of the prime mover in tbe agitation which has troubled France for many months, aud has latterly threatened, more than evjer, to produce disorder and anarchy. M. Tirard, It will be seen, has begun veil, but what the consequence of his action will be it is Im possible to Bay, and probably M. Tirard himself knows least of all. Boulanger ha? evaded arrest by fleeing to Brussels, from which place of safety he has issued a manifesto which may be compared with the "audacious" document—to use the phrase employed by M. Tirard himself when Premier this tinia last jear—which Boulanger addressed to the electors of the Kord. He charges the Govern* ment with contravening the law, and erecting for the trial of his associates a tribunal unique in it eelf, and administering what he describes as unique law. This is the phrase he applies to the Senate whose jurisdiction as a couit for the trial of political offences he disputes. The mani festo fa adroitly constructed, and there is skill in the effort which lbs author makes to represent the Senate as biassed in ad vance against Boulacgism, one of the aims of which is the abolition of the Senate, or, in any case, the curtailment of its powers. Whatever Boulanger may next do it is certain that hia flight left M. Tirard master of the situation. It matters little how much ingenuity Boulanger'expends upon addresses while he refrains from personally participating In agitation. His written essays which he reads to the Chamber have proved ridiculous EaUtuiM, and hia constant shirk ing of Parliamentary debate has bean. viewed as a confession that his forte does not lie In the use of words. Sensational displays in the streets have answered his purpose better than speeches or addresses, and it has generally been found in Fiance that exclusion from the country is the most powerful weapon that can be adopted against the fomenters of disorder and anarchy. The cause which General Boulangor advocated was essentially one which de manded a visible champion, and that he has chosen to shrink from the contest he had provoked will not recommend him' to popular sympathy. M. .Tirard waa con stantly warned against the course he has now actually adopted. Any attempt to arrest Bonlanger.lt wasconfidentlystated, would Instantly result In rebellion. M. de Freyclnet, indeed, predicted that France would be drenched with blood. It Isjplaln thatM. Tirardentertainedprofound contempt for the adventurer, who has so far given France nothing bat a new tune, half a dozen sensational newspapers, and one or two small democratic army reforms. It would be rash to cay that M. Tirard has been free from excess of confidence. The Influence of Boulanger 1b not to be measured by his unimpressive though showy personality. M. Tirard and the moderate Republicans fell into the mis take last year of under estimating the strength of Boulanger when they re sisted his demand for a revision of the constitution, and found them selve? outnumbered in the Legislature. It was admitted then upon all hands that whatever might be the capacity or ambition of the adventurer, the.confuslon and Impotence into which the lower Chamber had fallen gave him a chance of striking for power. But the ascendancy of Boulanger Is not to be explained solely by the failure of the Parliamentary system. He has a powerful following in the con" etituencles, as his electoral successes last year showed. Bis programme, though vague, has been so ingeniously constructed as to bring divergent parties into line with one another. The mo?t serious feature of the election which resulted in his return for Paris this year was the unanimity with which Legitimists voted with Anarchists in his favor. He had something to promise all who wanted something done for them. His tactics were calculated alike to win Conserva tives, who would oppose any constitution which did not Include a king, and the vast contingent of voters who, having nothing to lose, might have some thing to gain from the state of anarchy which would attend the violent downfall of the Republic. His supporters also Included those who, claiming to be Moderates, hare been antagonised by the present regime, its anti-clericalism, its ineffective and expensive Chauvinism, its finftfirfal blunders -and intrigues, and the taint which the Wilson scandal has un fortunately given to Republicanism. The most trifling incident is enough nowadays to set Frenchmen talking over revolution. To lose their head is the first Instinct on the appearance of a crisis. They have, perhaps, exceptional reason to be afraid of and to distrust their leading men, and distrust no less than -fear is the root of panic. M. Floquet arrived, after some months' experience, at the convic tion that if the agitation of General Boa langer against the existing regime was not t? grow to formidable proportions it was Indispensable to deprive him by anticipa tion of a profitable cry. Legislation has been adopted towards that end, and pie blscltary intrigues have been cheeked by the rearrangement of electoral power. The general elections, which take place next October, will be conducted under con ditions which will deprive Boulanger of the chance he formerly enjoyed of getting himself elected simultaneously by a number of constituencies. M. Tirard is afraid that constitutional changes of the kind adopted will not seriously lessen Boulanger's power and popularity. It would seem as though M. Tirard's next demand will be for ostracism after the fashion of ancient Athens, and that he will call upon France to Imitate the republics of old in at once pro scribing any pereon whom his fellow citizens may suspect of becoming too powerful. The French princes, at least the most formidable, have been expelled from France for reasons which would justify the expatriation of Boulanger. He may not himself aim at-the supreme dictatorship, but he is consciously or un consciously playing into the hands of those whose aims on their own behalf assume that flbape. "Boulanger the First, Emperor," is perhaps an impossibility. " The Comte de Paris, King," is not. The history of the opening up of the west coast lands to the agriculturist is com- paratively recent. It is not long since that the agitation for throwing open these lands to farmers was begun, and it was carried on warmly. Two practical farmers were sent over to report upon the character of the country, and they returned with the opinion that the major portion of it was suitable for agri- cultural settlement, whilst the Deputy Sur- veyor General and other Government officers who had inspected the land held a some- what different view. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, however, determined to make an experiment in that part of the province, and he gave instructions for 400 miles to be surveyed into blocks near Charra, which lies close to Denial Bay. This area was divided into four hundreds, named respectively Bartlett, Catt, Horn, and Moule, and the work of surveying is now almost com- pleted. The area of the four hundreds is about 273,000 acres, and the Western Land Board, the members of which have just been on the land, recommend that it be cut up into 50 sec- tions, the better land to be in blocks of from 1.290 to 4,000 acres, and the inferior arable and grazing portions into blocks running up to 18,680 acres. They also recommend that tbe maximum rental shall be 2d. per acre, and the maximum purchase price 12s. an acre, though in regard to the latter the Deputy Surveyor General (chairman) and Mr. Tolmer (inspector of credit selections) enter a protest, being of opinion that the maximum should be 15s. an acre. The minimum rental is fixed at ½d per acre, and the minimum purchase price 5s. per acre. By the report of the board, which we publish elsewhere, it will be seen that the members have come to the conclusion that it is wiser to combine grazing with agri- culture on the west coast, and they have ac- cordingly arranged that the blocks shall include good and inferior land in each. Of course the recommendations had to be ap- proved by the Commissioner, but as this is the only part of the colony with which he has no personal acquaintance; he states that he is bound to a great extent to be guided by the board. He has, therefore, approved of the report, and the land will be offered as soon as practicable at the rental and prices fixed by the board. Tbe Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were brought to a dose on Thursday afternoon. Eobett Everdell was found guilty of maliciously wounding Thomas TVlcLoughUn at Adelaide on March 22. and was sentenced to five years' irrpriflorjirent with hard labor. E. White, charged with obtaining a sewing machine by false ptetence?. was discharged, his honor directing the jury to enter a verdict of not guilty; and Erneirt Warner, who was sentenced to cne year's itnprisonrr.ent for perjury in con nection with the Milaog drowning case, but was released on his own recognisances in accordance with the provisions of the First Offenders Act. Tbe New South Wales Government are calling for tenders for the early delivery of 6,000 bagi of wheat, which they intend to dutribut as seed to distressed 'farmers in that colony. An .advertisement will be found in another column. .: . . .We have had our sittantioh Called to the balauoe-aheets of the Wallaroo mines for the last few years with a view to the elucidation of some mysterious features in them having reference to the ore sod copper returns. After going carefully through these returns and comparing them with each other, and with the returns shown in the Moonta mines balance sheets, it would seem that the Wallaroo com pany have shipped every year about 600 tons of copper more than they produced from their ores. Doubtless there is an explanation, but it is not shown in the balance sheets, whioh like the Moonta mine? statements do not afford shareholders the fullest information in regard to the doings of the mines. The Civil Service Commission are now en quiring int**the working of the pilot aervioe, and two pilots were examined at the Sema phore on Thursday. The Melbourne Herald of Wednesday has the following :—An old man named William Thompson, 65 yean of age, attempted to com mit suicide to day. The man was found Bitting down in an old empty blacksmith's shop in Swanston-street north by Constable Barry bleeding from a wonnd in the left arm. Thompson told the constable that he had only been fire weeks in Victoria from Adelaide! that he could not get any work, and that he had been drinking. lie said that he had a wife and 11 children in Adelaide, and that one of his boob was a railway stationnuster in Sonth Australia. The man was taken to the Melbourne Hospital by Barry, where Dr. liSDglsnd? dressed the wound, which was about an inch deep. The wonnd was inflicted with an ordinary-sized pocket knife, and Thompson narrowly escaped cutting an artery. He was locked np by Barry on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. The teen who recently committed the burglaries in North Adelaide have been arrested by Detectives Thorn and liawton and Corporal Stiller. One of them, William Jones, alias Axton, was convicted five months back of stealiDg a coat from the York Hotel, for which offencehe received three months'imprisonment, which he served concurrent with a two months' sentence for unlawful possession of a rug. The man is a Victorian. The second prisoner, whose name is James Quinton, is at present unrecognised, being a stranger to Adelaide. Jones was arrested at the Golden Rule Hotel, in Pirie street, where he was staying, and Quinton at a North- terrace lodging-house. A revolver was found in the possession of the former, who, with his companion, has been under police surveillance for some days. These men, the police are certain, are the perpetrators of the robberies at the hon?e of Mr. J. H. Symon and the Huntsman Hotel, bo that resi dents in North Adelaide and the surrounding suburbs need no longer feel uneasy as to the safety of their "goods and chattels." A meeting of shareholders in the Kingacote Fith Preserving Company was held at the Geographical Society's rooms on Thursday afternoon, Mr. L. P. Lawrence (chairman of directors) presiding. The balance-eheetshowed that the actual capital amounted to £1,717155. The expenses of the venture were shown by the profit and loss account to have amounted to £1,910 13a. lid., and there was a debit balance of £1,398 15s. sd. There was manufactured stock, however, still in agents' hands valued at £1,059, while the bills receivable amounted to £200. The chairman said that they were called together because unfortunately the speculation bad not proved a paying one, and the directors therefore thought that the best thing to be done was to ask the sanction of the share holders to the action taken by them in dia pc?iDg of the plant of the company to the late manager (Mr. Shand), who had undertaken to take over the whole affair. He could not explain how the thing had diifted away from them in the way it had, but bad the management been on the spot things would perhaps have ended differently. If they bad gone on a little longer, instead of having an asset of £300 in plant at the island, a debit balance might have re sulted. Mr. Shand had generously said that on his taking the affair over he would release the company from their engagements to him. He (the chairman) thought they would agree that the directors had done their best for the interests of all, but they had not received the assistance they expected from the trade.- On the proposition of the chairman, seconded by Mr. Carney, it was decided "that the action of the directors in disposing of the plant, stores, cases, and tins now at Kangaroo Island to Messrs. Shand & Carney be and is hereby ratified and confirmed." The directors were requested to take all necessary steps for putting the company into liquidation. The Coumamont and Angas district councils bave reduced the fees derived from the sale of dog licenses, and in future the fees for dogs will be 2s. 6d. per annum, and for slats 6s; Messrs, Symon, Bakewell, & Symon, of Sel bomeCbampen, bave admitted into partner • hip with them Mr. P. E. Stow and Mr. L. W. Bakewell (hitherto practising as Stow and Bakewell). The new firm will continue to practice at Selborue Chambers under the style of Messrs. Symon & Co. j There was a bumper house at Gamer's Rooms en Thursday night) when Mr. C. B, Hicks'a colored minstrels repeated their programme. The various song? and f unnimests met with ftreat success, and were loudly applauded. This programme will be repeated for the last iime to night, and to-morrow a fresh selection will be placed before the public. His Excellency the acting-Governor and Sir Wm, Jervois and Miss Jervois attended the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening, and wit nessed Mr. Wybart Reeve's representation of Ned Gnyon, in " The Millionaire." They ap peared to be thoroughly well pleased with the performance, as were also the remainder of the audience. The principal was well supported by the other members of the company. This evening Paul Merritfs pretty comedy drama " Stolen Kisses " will be presented. .The committees of the Catholic Refuge and the Orphanage met at Sb Francis Xavier'a Hall on Wednesday evening. There was a huge attendance, and Archdeacon Russell presided. Favorable reports were received from both institutions. There are at present in the Orphanage 87 children, and in the Refuge 27 inmates. The following donations were received:—For the Refuge—From the Adelaide Racing Club, £2 15s. For the Orphanage— From St. Patrick's Literary Society, £2 25.; from the Blumberg Sports committee, £1 Ib. ; and from St. Laurence's branch of the H.A.C.BS., £11b. A meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Commerce was held on Wednesday. There were present Messrs. J. Gordon (in the chair), G. Boothby, R. Strachan, C. S. Leader, R. Smith, and O. H. Goode, A circular tetter from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce was read with reference to steamship bills of lading, and consideration thereupon de ferred. The secretary of Lloyd's, Lon don, wrote complaining of the high charges sanctioned by various chambers of commerce in the colonies, and stating that the large increase in the tonnage of vessels has within late yean caused a cor responding increase in the size and value of cargoes, and that the rates of commission levied on the basis of the values of cargoes, which were reasonable in former days, when frr.all tailing vessels were chiefly employed, would rise to unreasonable sums at present. They also fc rwarded a copy of scale of fees which Lloyd's had adopted, and suggested the adoption of that scale. It was resolved to refer the matter to the incoming committee. The ninth annual meeting of the Port Ade laide Mathematical Society was held at the Sailors' Home on Wednesday evening, Mr. R. Kestel presiding over a large attendance. The ' secretary's report stated that during the past 12 months 34 meetings had been held and much interest had been evinced in all subjects brought forward. A discussion on the various cobtiivarjccs which had appeared with the ob ject of isolating the mariners' compass from the effect of themagneticactionof the ship's iron was of an interesting character. An enquiry into the probable canses which operate to produce the fcxisl and orbital motions of the bodies of the solar system engaged the attention of the members for a tramber ot meetings. Several new members were elected during the year. It was decided to alter the title of the society to the " Port Adelaide Scientific Society," which j alteration it was thought might be the means of making the society more popular, and thus recreate the membership. The report was unanimously adopted. Professor Ives gave another organ recital in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, when he was kindly anisted in two of the numbers by Mrs. Thomas King as eolo piantete. _ The pro feeEcr opened his programme by placing " The dead march in Saul," as a memoriam service to the late ex Mayor Bundey, and the piece was received in the same spirit by the audience, a eolemn silence being maintained on its con clusion. The professor then gave Men cMseobn'a "Prelude and fugue in G major," which was followed by " Grand duo Adagio," by Beethoven, for pianoforte and organ, in which both players were heard to ad vantage. The spirited overture to Balfe's "Bohemian Girl" and the pretty ''Las Bameaux" (Fanre) followed next, and then came a pianoforte solo, a "Romance," by Mi zart (taken from the coocerto in D minor), in which the parts aseigned to the orchestra were reproduced on the organ. This number evidently pleased the taste of the listeners, as although it did not afford Mrs. King an oppor tunity of displaying her known brilliancy of execution on the pianoforte, it was so skilfully and pleasingly rendered as to procure for the performers a pronounced recall, to which they bowed their acknowledgments. The pro- : gramme terminated with a march on the organ. The next recital will be given on Thursday of next week, when Pattinaou'a Scotch tone picture will be rendered. At the Democratic Club on Thursday night Mr. L. H. Berens lectured to a large and atten tive audience upon "A State Bank." He rapidly sketched the history of the use of money, described its functions, and dwelt opon the fact that the precious metals were the only real money of international trade. He main tained that although the Government of an/ community might decide upon the quantity, and therefore the value of the internal cur rency, yet in order to make foreign trade pos sible ie was absolutely imperative that any legal tender should be convertible into bullion on demand He then showed what services ancient and modern banks rendered to the community, and how they had originated; and dwelt upon the fact that their principal profits were not now due to their note issue, but to the use they made of the moneys they borrowed, and that ware deposited with them. He asked the advocates of a State bank whether they really desired the Government to undertake suoh business t It was quite possible for the Government to issue their promises to pay, and these would doubtless become currency and maintain their value if too many were not issued, especially if they were convertible on demand, but be utterly failed to see the necessity or advisa bility of establishing a State bank, although be could see many dangers that might follow such a step. Anaciinated discussion followed, in which Messrs. Buttery, Cotton, Wright.and others took part The TCiiverpool Astronomical Society 1! Jour nal contains the following ec:ount of th? satellites of Man:—These small bodies, wii h were rather unexpectedly discovered in 137" by ProfeF?or Aoapb Hall with the great rs fracler cf the Washington Observatory, ar* probably among the very smallest mem bers of the eolar system. Their minu c size and rapid motions round Mars render them object* of considerable interest. Th?r revolve round Mars nearly in the Diana of tho planet's equator. The diameter of the outer most, Deimoa, is probably not more than six miles, and that of the inner one, Phobos, about eeven miles. Phoboa is so oloae to the xurface of the planet — about 3,800 mite—that it|[will be permanently invisible in higher latitudes—north or •oath —than 69£ degrees. These little moons revolve rouiid their primary with such rapidity; that Phobos actually rises in the west and seta in the east three times during the course of the Martian day. As they will be frequently subject to total eclipse in the shaiow of the planet they will not be-of much service as " torch-bearer*" to the inhabitants of Man, if any there be. Assuming that the satellites are of the same density as Mars, we have with the above diameter the mas? of Deimoa equal to the mass of Man divided by 313.000.000, or the earth's mass divided by 3,193.505,456. Hence the force of gravity on the surface of Deimos will be only rsW of gravity on the earth. If therefore a man of 12 stone weight were transfixed to the surface of this "pocket planet" he would only weigh about 1$ ounoea. He would be able to spring to an immense height, and a fall from a height of two miles would not produce a greater velocity or give a greater shock than a fall ol C feet would on the surface of the earth To a spectator at the equator of Man Phobos when in the zenith will be distant about 8,900 mile?, whereas when neat the horizon it will be about 5,600 miles off. The diameter of its due will change in proportion, and henoe its light will vary in about the ratio of 2to 1. Its angular diameter when near the zenith will be about 370 seconds of arc, or about one-fifth of the apparent diameter of our moon, and its light will therefore only amount, when full, to one twenty-fifth of full moonlight on the earth. Deimos will appear much smaller as Been from Man, probably not more than ona nineternth of the diameter of the moon. In fact its di?c will not be visible to the naked eye. It will only appear as a very bright star, having a rapid motion through the sky, its period of revolution round Man being only 30 hours 18 minutes. Man itself seen from a spectator on Phobo? will appear as a vast diao no les? than 41 degrees in width, or about 79 times the diameter of our moon, and therefore giving when full about 6,800 times the light of the foil moon. The advantages of this bright moonlight will; however, be largely dis counted by the disadvantage of frequent total eclipses of the sun during the day by the hugs disc of Man. These eclipses will sometimes last for a period of about 62 minutes. Owing to the diminished force of gravity on Phobos a body projected upwards with a velocity of only 28 feet per second (neglecting tbe resis tance of a possible atmosphere) wul never re turn to the surface of the satellite, and if possessed of the same muscular power aa our selves tbe inhabitants, of Phobos or Deimos— if any there be—would be able literally to throw stones at Man, and this fire could not be returned by the inhabitants of the " planet of war," although aided by the most powerful artillery known on earth. The advertteenmts with reference to amimciagfe! appear en the secqod page. We have received " Our Boys' Manuscript News paper," No. 6. The T.M.O.A. will hold the first ot their " rioter engagements" for 1839 to-night in their hall. 