THE GHOST OF TOAST- MASTER HARKfcL "FOUR THOUSAND DINNBRS, AND SLILL ALIVE I" Indeed, I am not dead. In doed I am dead, exclaimed a tall, bearded gentle-, man who walked into our - office late on Friday. I'm Harker. Harkerl Bar- ker ! who's Harker P Why, Harker I am, and Harker I shall be till I die ; but I'm not dead yet. Why, the Pall Mall Gazette said I had . dined myself to death long ago. Oh.! shades of . Harker, . to think I should live to see myself killed off ! There was no mistake about it. Our city diner bad unwittingly killed Harker, and Harker had come down to remonstrate. Good morning, Mrs. Harker. Very sorry to hear of Mr. Harker's death, I'm think ing of applying for his place. Can you tell mo how to go about is P JuBtwnit a minute, said Mrs, Harker, and I'll ask him. Ask him! Ask who? shouted, the ap plicant for a dead man's shoes. " I'm Harker, Baid Harker. What is it ? Tableau and exit homo expcctans. Mr. Harper repeated the above, which explained nis presence at Northumberland- street. He didn't owe any money, and that was the only reason he knew of why a man should wish to be dead — to avoid his creditors or perhaps his wife. -On tha other band, he ,was the .Queen's bailiff at the Central Criminal Court, and he was qnite tiied of his many friends and ac quaintances coming up and slapping him on the back with a — Hallo, Harker, I thought you were dead. It was pleasant at first to find what a lot of nice friends he had, but it had got rather tirooomo, and his back was quite sore with slapB, so would wo-kindly-bring him to life again ? So — fray silence for sir, harker. Are you still the city toaatmaster ? No. I gave up my post some time ago ; but I am the Queen's Bailiff at the Cen tral Criminal Court, and am one of the oldest servants of the corporation. How many dinnerB have you put through in your official capaoity ? Four thousand and ninety. Most of the great speakers you hive heard take something to keep their voice in trim ? Well, DiBraeli, for instance, always had his bntler behind him with a bottle of egg and Bherry, which he had ready mixed. Mr, Gladstone, I havo noticed, takes sherry but no egg. The Prince of Wales — he likes hock and champagne. The Dnke of Edin burgh — his servant always brings 'his special brand with him ; a Russian cham-. pagne. Well, Mr. Harker, you have certainly heard more after-dinner speeches than any man living. Will you offer some criti cisms ? Well, I suppose Cbav es Dickens was a3 ready a speaker ns I ever heard. The ivcrds flowed out like a stream, but he was not what I call a good after-dinner speaker, because ho was eo interesting that yon wished he would go on for ever. Now, that don't do for rue, you know, for I have to stand by with tho watch. The "stop" -vatcb, chH Yes ; I've stepped Mr. Gladstone before to-day. This inaconlitien-ial -whisper. ' Yon don't say bo. A fact-. When ho is ion long I havo spoken into liis ear, " T-i-m-e, sir ! t-i-m-e," and then ho slacks up. With i ordinary men I say it to the " chair," not j to let the room hear rue, you know. I never stop a man at a charity dinner. It ' doesn't do. "Ii tho Piicce of Wales a good i speaker ? . A glorious fellow, If 1 had only a sovereign in the world cud ho wanted it, he should have it. Wl-.y.T brought liiiu out in 1SG3, and have stood behind him many a time and olt. Dies ha speak from notes? Not in s-penking of himself, nevj-r. . He has a slip of paper to show tho order ,.f the toasts, that's all. What's his fav.iriro dish? Well, he likes dainties, en cii-sj. ! en papillotc, larkF, lobsters, oysters, lie u |- very fond of those. Well, now, who aro the most famous people you havo attended? Mr. ilark.-.r looked hurt,' and his fingers fumbled irritably with his ivhilo tio ns he p'-o ceedcd Why, nearly all the crownod heads in Europe. The Queen, to begin wir.h. Thou I brought out the Prince of Wales, in 18G3, and all hiB brothers and his sons, the Emperor of Austria, the late Tzar and tho present Tzar, the late .Emperor Frederick, the Emperor Napoleons-why, I remember swearing in the late Emperor of the French as a special juryman at tlio Old Bailey when lie was nobody. Did he serve ? Just like unybody else. He had to serve by tha law of the land. Then I claim to be tho person who first induced the Princess of Wales to make a speech in public. I was standing behind hor a good many years ago— it was at a charity dinner or luncheon, and her speech was going to be read by her secre tary. I ventured to eay, " If your Royal Highness would only Bay a word yourself it would make all the differonco," and she did. The Baroness Burdett-Contts, too, I induced to speak when Bhe opened Columbia Market. Well, you heard about your successor who couldn't pronounce Massachusetts? What is the most difficult name you ever had to tackle ? The Madagascar envoys'. They were cautions.- " Riandriandrianivo," aa near as I can remember it, said Mr. Harker. " Rain and rain and dry again," aa Punch called it. The biggeBt number I think I ever did was 5000 foreign doctors who dined at the Gnildhall, and they said I didn't make one mistake. What preparation had you for your onerous duties ? In 1844 I- shipped with Sir John Ross for the Antarctic Expedition. We wintered twice in 7Gdeg S. ; then we went to China, Anetralia, New Zealand, Tasmania, getting remountB for the regi ments engaged in the Indian Mutiny. I had joined tho commissariat then. I came home in the fifties, and served through the Crimean War. Any wouudB ? A bullet in my leg, a gun carriage crushed my ribs, and a slice of my chin cat off -with a sabre. Pretty tough, eh? I have 20 medalB and orders, and my collection of autographs is not to be beaten, I think, for I have COO oabinot portraits of all the famous men and women for 30 years past, with autographs attaobed. By the way, what are your fees ? ' Two guineas for a city dinner, and 10 guineas if I travel. And your uniform P Well, evening dress aa often as not now. In the good old deyB I wore a beautiful velvet dress, with knee- breeches and silver decorations, which cOBt £200. But the city can't spend money like thoy used to do. They are watohed by tho newspapers. —Pall Mall Gazette. hot much of a business man. Fond Mother : I admire Mr. Quillhoover greatly, Julia. Fond Daughter : Why, mother ? He is such a splendid and successful business man. I don't- think so. IIo has-been visiting me for two years and has not talked business yet. ! No, she Bobbed in the sauetity of her boudoir, no, I can never marry a man whose monogram is printed in green, and who writes with purple ink. ; _Oh, if he only asked mo to marry him, instead of writing to me, things would have been so different. ' 