The Novelist MR. CRUCIBLE'S SERMONS. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. "My dear," said Mr. Crucible, "it is actually gone. "It can't be, my dear," said Mrs. Crucible. "The thing is impossible." They were talking of Mr. Crucible's ser- mon, which having been completed late on Saturday night, had been left on the desk, as usual, to be ready to his hand at church time on Sunday. Mr. Crucible was a very exact man, and remembered precisely where he put the pile of sheets fastened together at the top, and what he had afterwards done. "Just here, my dear," he said to Mrs. Crucible— "on the left-hand side, and my pen in the little rack, and the wiper over against it. Then I crossed the room, looked the door, undressed, and went to bed. The door is locked still, Katherine. See !" "Then no one can have entered the room," said Mrs. Crucible, "and the sermon must be safe." After this the good couple made a search of which any detective might have been proud, but failed to discover the sermon. And, as the church bells began to ring, Mr. Crucible hurried toward church in undigni- fied haste, and with one of his old sermons in his pocket, and a look of dismay and per- plexity, quite unusual to him, upon his face ; while Mrs. Crucible, who had stayed behind to make another search, absolutely reached her pew after the first hymn was begun. The sermon was one on which Mr. Crucible prided himself. Some one in the congrega- tion had professed to doubt the existence of Satan, as an individual, and in his sermon Mr. Crucible had clearly proved his identity, and had spoken of him as he certainly well- deserved. All the week he looked in vain for the manuscript, and at last, making sure that he should never find it, wrote another from the same text and conveying the same ideas. It was, he considered, even better than the first ; and, having come to this satisfac- tory conclusion, he patted the sheets into a little pile, fastened them together rolled them up and wrapped about them a little elastic band ; after which he placed it in a prominent position on the desk, and retired, falling asleep at once, and as usual, sleeping heavily all night. The morning sun, shining through his window, awoke him to the realization of the fact that a new Sabbath had begun, and that he had a little overslept himself. With the first gleam of memory the last Sunday occurred to his mind. "I can't tell you how mortified I was by the loss of that sermon, my dear," he said to Mrs. Crucible, as he tied his cravat. "What could I have I done with it ? I took great care last night that the same thing should not occur again. I laid it where—Hallo ! you've put it away, haven't you, Katherine ?" "Put what away ?" asked Mrs. Crucible. "My last night's sermon," said Mr Crucible. "It laid just here. It was fastened with an elastic band. Come, my dear, don't tease me. It's very well to joke, but— you've hidden it haven't you ?" "How can you suppose such a thing ?" said Mrs. Crucible, "I've neither seen nor touched the sermon." And again a search began ; again it was fruitless. The doors were locked ; the win- dows could not be entered from without. Neither monkey nor magpie were upon the premises ; but the second sermon had follow- ed the first. Again Mr. Crucible preached an old ser- mon— again Mrs. Crucible was late at church \--again the week was filled with conjecture —again on Saturday night Mr. Crucible wrote a still more earnest sermon on the same text, painting Satan even blacker than before ; and this time locking the manuscript in a drawer when completed, and, to cut a long story short, a third time the sermon van- ished— this time from a locked desk in a locked room in which he himself slumbered. The third old sermon was preached, and poor Mr. Crucible was nearly in a fever, un- til, sitting alone one evening in the twilight, the truth dawned upon him. This was Satan's work. The sermons had been written with a view to showing how terrible Satan was, how sub- tly he gained power over the human heart, and how one should guard against him. Per- haps they were the best sermons ever written on the subject, and Satan had resolved that they should never be preached. The more Crucible thought of this theory, the more he felt assured of its truth. What agency had been used he did not know, but it was Satan's work, and if Satan troubled Martin Luther by cracking nuts in his room, why should he not be able to steal Calvin Crucible's sermons ? He communicated his fancy to Mrs. Crucible, who accepted it as a fact at once, and then he sat down to write on the same subject more fiercely and earn- estly than before. It was a thrilling sermon that he at last completed. And he did not lay it on his desk. Instead, he bound it together, and slipped it under his pillow. "My head shall rest upon it to-night," he said. "I will preach it on Sunday, despite all that Satan can do. If he takes it, he will wrestle for it with me." And both Mr. and Mrs. Crucible lay wide awake until two o'clock in the morning, in consequence of this determination. At this late hour, however, they fell asleep. His first thing Mr. Crucible did when he awoke in the morning was to slip his hand under his pillow. The Sermon was gone, and he gave a loud cry that awoke Mrs. Crucible in a terrible fright. "It is gone again, my dear," was all that poor man could say. " It is gone again." "Then it actually is Satan," said Mrs. Crucible. Matters had now become serious. Mr. Crucible felt that he could not keep the story to himself any longer. He could go on preaching old sermons without explanation. This once indeed, he must, for there were the church-doors open, and he was not an extemporaneous speaker. Accordingly he proceeded to the old hair trunk, a legacy from his great- grandfather, and opening it, looked in, fully expecting to see within the piles of folded sermons which had been gradually accumulating for years. To his astonishment and horror the trunk was empty. Nothing remained in it but that mysterious dust which is always seen after the removal of the cleanest books or papers from any receptacle. That day Mrs. Crucible did not go to church at all, and Mr. Crucible preached as well as he could from a few hasty notes made while the first hymns were being sung. Afterwards he communicated the facts we have narrated to a couple of deacons, old friends as well as members of his flock, who refused to believe Satan the robber, and so firmly insisted, that human hands did the work that Mr. Crucible actually grew angry at them. He explained over and over again that the sermons were specially directed against Satan and all his works, and that it was no more than likely that the adversary desired to put and end to his crusade against him ; but all that Deacon Smith would way was :— "Well, well, no doubt he has a hand in most of the wicked things that are done, but he has worked through human agents. You'll find it's that hired girl of yours, or that man who does odd jobs. I never liked his looks. You are not a spiritualist, I hope, Mr. Cruci- ble. "No no. I abhor their doctrine," cried Mr. Crucible ; "but I do believe, as you know, in a personal devil ; and Martin Luther, you know—" "Yes, I know," said brother Brown, who had not yet spoken ; but somehow it was kinder different with Martin Luther, wasn't it ?" "I really can't see why why," said Mr. Crucible indignantly. Then Mr. Brown and Mr. Smith consulted together, and formed a plan. On the follow- ing Saturday night a new Sermon was to be left upon the pastor's desk, and he was to pretend to retire as usual having before hand secreted in the study which opened out of the bedroom, and had no other door, Messrs. Brown and Smith, who sheltered in a long wardrope, could burst out upon the culprit and secure him. Of course, Mr Crucible was only to pretend to sleep and Mrs. Cruci- ble had determined to keep vigil in another room. Accordingly prayers having been said on the night in question, the house was locked up and the servant sent to bed. The Crucibles then feigned to retire, but Mrs. Crucible merely locked herself into the spare bedroom and Mr. Crucible lay down in his dressing-gown and slippers fully determined to remain wide-awake. There is nothing more likely to lull even a constitutionally wakeful persons to repose than such a resolution, and Mr. Crucible was far from being constitutionally wakeful. After lying for a few moments watching the streaks of moonlight on the walls, and secret- ly hoping that Deacons Brown and Smith would that night see enough of Satan to con- vince them of his personality his eyes closed and he began to snore. Five minutes afterwards Brown peeping out of the wardrope, pinches Smith, and Smith pinched Brown. "Something coming," said Smith. And at the moment both saw a strange figure with a pointed cap upon his head and singular drapery about its person, creep into the room, go to the desk mid feel about it. Then there was a rustle of manuscript, and the figure glided out of the room. "He's got it," said Brown "and hanged if Crucible isn't right. It is the old boy." "Stop talking, and come along," whispered Smith, as he grabbed a dark lantern with which he had provided himself. Then they sped after the departing figure who crossed the clergyman's bedroom and unlocked the door. "Mr. Crucible," whispered Smith, as they passed the bed ; but there was no answer. The shadowy figure sped down stairs, and they followed. On the landing the door of the spare bedroom opened, and out rushed Mrs. Crucible, wrapped, from the chilliness of midnight vigil, in a shawl. Brown seized her hand. "Don't be frightened, Mrs. Crucible," he whispered. "I can't help it, Mr. Brown. What an awful looking thing ! Where is poor Mr. Crucible. "Asleep, I guess, said Brown. On they crept. "It's going down cellar," said Mrs. Cruci- ble ; and Smith was already on the cellar stairs with a lantern, down which the object of interest in ghostly drapery slowly flopped. "Suppose he should do something dread- ful to us !" said Mrs. Crucible. But she had not the courage to return alone. They were now in the cellar, cold and damp, and Smith was keeping a sham eye on the figure before them— Satan or other, as it might be. It had crossed the stone floor, and now bent over some empty flour barrels, and at that instant Deacon Smith, close on his heels, turned the light of the lantern full upon it, and revealed neither ghost or Satan, but a living mortal. No other than Mr. Crucible himself, draped in a white counter- pane, wearing a tasselled night-cap upon his head, and wrapped in the strange, open-eyed slumber of the somnambulist. "Oh !" shrieked Mrs. Crucible. Oh ! what is it ? What does it mean ?" "Mr. Crncible has taken to walking in his sleep, and has hidden his own sermons," replied Deacon Smith. Then Deacon Brown desired to shake Mr. Crucible awake. But Deacon Smith, with better sense, suggested that he should be allowed to return to his pillow undisturbed, which he accordingly did. The next morning Mr. Crucible was con- vinced of what happened only by the sight of the sermons in the old barrel. And he has since written a pamphlet to prove that somnambulism has a diabolical origin. \---------------------------------------- There are 18 lawyers in the South Austra- lian Parliament. Australia is building a wire netting fence 8000 miles long, to keep rabbits out of Queensland. S Mr. Justice Williams, a judge of the Supreme Court in Victoria, goes circuit on a bicycle. He is a native Australian. Three Englishmen now have statues in France. Lord Brougham at Cannes, Jenner. Boulogne-sur-Mer, and Shakespeare in Paris. The celebrated Barnum has retired from the show business, having amassed a fortune of ten million dollars. On March the 28th the Shah of Persia will leave Teheran on a visit to St. Petersburg, Berlin, Paris, London and Constantinople. During the year 1887 the Russian tobacco factories turned out 2,592,766,855 cigarettes and 76,270,706 cigars of the first quality. It is said that the Queen's household ex- penses — "butcher, baker, and candlestick maker"— come to the enormous sum of £85,000 a year. Menzies Hotel was offered for sale at auction in Melbourne a short time ago, and passed in at £150,000. Fifty years ago the land upon it stands changed hands for a £10 note. The New York Herald is responsible for the statement that there is a dwarf in New York, nineteen years old, 16 in. high, and who weighs 9lb. He is carried about in the over- coat pocket of his manager. His name is "Hop o' my thumb." 