Canoeing is something a man knows more about after he has been given a "tip." Women are naturally progressive., There is not one of them who doesn't believe' in freedom of speech. A woman's rights lady remarks that the highest use of a man is to have' his life in sured for his wife's beiefit.'. An author, ridiculing the idea of ghosts, asks how a dead man can get into a looked room? Easy enough. With a, skeleton key. A municipal candidate, whose principal supportors are tavern-keepers and, shoe-. makers, proudly alludes to them as members .. of the bar and bench. She-" Harry, you would malke a poor sol- , dier." He-"'.A poor soldier ! Why, Maud ?" She-" Because you don't seem to know how to use your arms;."l. (Tableau.) This truth's by majority carried, - 'Tis agreed on by men near and far; Men are overjoyed to get married, But more overjawed when they are. -Mrs. Bjones -" I hear that young. Mr. Sissy is still in search of a wife." Mrs. Jmith--" Why, I thought he was married !" Mrs. -Bjones-"' So be was. She's left'him. She's the one he's in search of." An old lady; entirely ouit of the hearing of the preacher's voice, being found sobbing, was asked why she wept, since she could ,not hear the words of the minister. " Oh," said she, " I can see the holy wag of his head." The word " small.pox " fell to Tommy to spell, but he floundered hopelessly. " Tom my," said the teacher, " do you know what 'a little boy, who fails on so simple a word as small-pb?, 'ought to get ?" ' " Yes'm," re plied Tommy ; " heought to get vaccinated." A philosopher who went to church where the people came in late said it was "the :fashion there for nobody to go till everybody got there." A philosopher says, "Woman is the Sun-. day of man." Man also has his weak days. Oie of them is when he spends a day shop-. ping with the Sunday of man. Costomer-" But aren't the trousers too ? long ?" Tailor-" Too long ? Dey is made to fit a man exzackly your size. If your legs happen to. be. a.drifle short you must quarrel mit nature-not de tailor." Don't be dishonest in small matters., If. you get found out you won't have much of a chance for larger operations. This is the basest of ignorance ! A paper asks, in all faith, 'what is the use of musical' coffins ? The use ! - Thunder ! they're 1a?'. .use ! Isn't it some comfort to a man who is just about pegging out to knir that he can take his comic song with him, or comrn-. pose and introduce in his new country his own particular funeral march, or' senti mental melody ? Again, think of the vast. a amount of satisfaction afforded to the dying maiden who is enabled: to take her favorite .ymn along with her to the great whence ! Musical coffins ! Great Scott.! Why,. we know any number of men who deserve them; men, too, who have no soul or 'anything else for music, and who should be given the' latest style in.c6ffins, and at once ! We fancy, however, that the musical: coffin is only, the thin end of the wedge, 'so to speak. Why not have hand-painted shrouds, or, better still, phonographic coffins,;i so that 'every one can take- his or hergown funeral sermon along .and ýfire.-it. off among 'the pretty, pink angels? . . . 