I The Sunday Reader- I ? Tuf following is a condensed report of th« sermon delivered in' St, Mary b Catholic Church ty the Rev. Father O'Rielly od Sua* day coning last, August 25th 'Hut by tbe Urace or God I am what t nra. Hud HI* Urate In me ImlU uot been void.' 1 CoRINTHIANB, XV., 10. With those words tlic Apostle concluded j tho Epistle he had just road to them, and j those words expressed a principle of the deep est importance, and taught them a lesson which cacli aud every Christ∈ (should always bear in mind. It was not what they appeared it) the eyes of the world that really constituted their greatness ; nor the incidental natural perfections of which they might be possessed that were causes for congratulation , or whose lass they should regret ; it was not even the frict that man was the chief and highest of God's creatures upon this earth, that should be the fittest subject for thanksgiving to the Giver of all g« od gifts. There was sointhing higher than this ; they were endowed with the Grace of God, aud they could nod ought to acknowledge that that Grace was the fouuda tion and test of their perfection. They should say with St. Paul that it is 14 Hy the Grace of God 1 ain what I am.' They had just as much reason es the great St. Paul to use those words. It w.»s their duty as plainly as it war his (St. Paul's) to acknowledge that it was by the Grace of God they were any thing at all. It was the same Hod to d y, who wouiu encourage ana reward tnem as ue hud done St. Paul, who was an instance of the power of the Grace of God. They saw him at one time infuriated against the followers of | Christ, and later on tbey saw him prostrate ' on the grouod calling out to the same Christ, 'Lord, what wilt thou l.ave me to do?' This was a great chaugc In one who had been the persecutor of Christ, had assisted not only in the martyrdom of Jesus but of many others. What had brought about this change in Saul, of Tarsus, and made him St. Paul ? It was nothing else but the Grace of God which enabled him to say 'lam what I am.' Without the Grace of God they were nothing but sin, and in its possession they had the greatest treasure God could bestow upou them. What was meant by the Grace of God, and what was the view God took of it Himself? They knew that they were made not only for a natural end but for a supernatural end. They had the natur&l; in this world ; they were part and parcel of the visible crcation. They had duties to perforin and other things to attend to, in order to g.dn the end of filling their part in the economy of creation, ft was necej&.ry to have means to fulfil that end, such as health, strength, activity ot their natural faculties of uiiud and h^dy. These were their help* towards the fulfilment of the natural end for which God had appointed them, and which to pome extent wore common lo them aud other of God's visible creatures. Hut even beyond this, they were humau beings cudowed with reason and an immortal soul. They had a higher destiny than that of all the other of God's creatures about them. Aud in order to g.iin that destiny, that supernatural cud, it was nc-vs sary for them to have &\ipcruatiir.il humus: and the supernatural means by which they were to g--in that end, of seeing and eujoying God forever, was by His Grace, which God in His bounty would bestow upon thera in this : world. By the means of the Grace of God they were sanctified, and became pleising in His sight. That was called habitual or sanctified Grace, and by means of that Grnee they could perform His works, avoid sin aud evil and do good, and that was actual Grace. St Panl referred to it when he said. 44 No ye not that you are with God when the Holy Spirit dwells within thee.' As God ond eternity infinitely surpassed the world and time, so did the Grace of God infiuitnly sur pass any other benefit or advantage that they might possess here below. The sublimest of God's creatures had been created in a state of sanctified Grace. Those high angels who sur rounded His Throne perpetually singing His praises, and who had remained faithful, when our first parents were created, where in a state of Grace, and the latter also were created in that happy state, not only for the natural end but for the supernatural end. God uot only endowed them with natural faculties, hut also imbued them with sanctifying, Grace, that rendered tbem pleasing in His sight. And by a special privilege also the Mother of God was saved an* 'horn in a state of Grace. She was free at alt times from that sin which our first parents unfortunately transmitted to all posterity in such a way that we all came iuto this world guilty of that first sin of our parents. The blessed Redeemer, however, had recovered for them the Grace which they lost, and He applied it to them through the channels appointed for the purpose, and in the particular manner of the Sacraments. When they had once recci ved the Sacrament of Kaptimn they were as it were born again. The Heavenly Redeemer says, unless a man he born again of the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter the Kingdom of Heaven. The other Sacra ments also conveyed their various Graces, and applied to them tbe merits of the Redeemer. That Grace was that alone by means of which - they could obtain the end which should be their chief concern to preserve in their souls. I It was the concern of the church to preserve God's Grace always ; and that was why she exhorted end pressed them at all times to approach the Sacraments. Mot only thosein want of God's Grace, but even those who had His Grace within them should increase its power, that they might become stronger, more holy and more pleasant in the eyes of God. The Apostles left their homes and went abroad into strange lands to impart the bless ings of God's Grace to those who stood in darkness ; it was for the purpose of preserving \- that Grace intact that martyrs had died. For the same reason holy men went into the desert and shut themselves up from the world in order that they might preserve that great gift of the Almighty God. It was for the loss of | that gift of Grace that so many penitt uts had I shed many tears that they might recover and preserve it. What was it that made the great distinction between the sinner and the saved ? It was the presence in one and the absence 1 from the other of the Gracc of God. When ' God looked from Heaven upon a soul in this world, that was embellished with this Grace, it gave Him delight ; but He turned with aversion and hatred from the soul that is in a state of mortal sin. And difference that exists het ween the soul injzNupe^Od the soul in sin is perpetuated for^lj^tia^iity. If they die, each of them in his 'separate 6tate, the abode of one is in heaven, and the habita tion of the other is amongst eternal iarments, and in that eternity they will hold different opinions according to their different positions. The one in Heaven will always look up to the Father with a feeling of confidence and joy, and could exclaim, 41 By tbe Grace of God I am what 1 am, free from all danger and enjoying the love of God.11 The other soul, unfortunately from the depths of that abyss, that shall never grow old, and in which he was doomed to be imprisoned for ever, be cause he died iu mortal sin, from those depths will he cry out 44 By the Grace of God I might have beeu, ana I ought to have been what unfortunately I am not.' The Grace of God made them to a great extent resemble Himself. When He gave a definition of Him self to Moses in the Old L.-uv, He made use of those very significant words on which humau wisdom had never been able to make any improvement, or even givo a definition coiniug within millions of tniles of it, so to speak, with that God had given of Himself. It was this— 41 1 Am That I Am.' There was never a philosopher who could improve upon that ; it was a definition that could be given only by God, who knows Himself so well ; who is ' Absolute Keing. who is Absolute Kssence, self-existing. Ihe soul iu a state of Grace i could say also almost in the same wordB of God, ' B) tlie Grace of God I nm what I am ; By the Grace of God I am the frieud of God ; I am ^strengthened, and there is no power on earth or in hell that can overcome me.' It was by this means that St. Paul was strengthened in tho midst of temptation. Such was the inestimable benefit that God bestowed upon them. And what use should they mttke of It, and what were their duties towards it. In one word— Fidelity. They shtfuld'be faithful to the Grace of God, and why and how ? Because God had made them free agents ; he had given thorn their free will. He intended th tt their saoctlfication and sal vation should bo tho joint work of His Grace and of their co-operation with it, Jcsur in a parable had told of a man who gave out his monejr to several people that they might make it fructify ; that it might bring him back interest. Thus thev should make the (,'r/inp I of God fructify. It was by their own work; ' with tho aid of the Grace of God that they ' were to gain salvation. God's Grace would not force thom to act in spite of thcm-*clvc», but it would assist aud move them, at the i same time leaving them perfectly free. It whs i oue of those mysteries that they could not ' easily comprehend. However difficult to I uuderstuud there was ono thiug certain that they e*ch felt in their hearts that they were freu } ageuts, and that while it was iu tluir power i to profit by and co-operate with the Grace -»f ! God, it was also in their power t» reject it. i The way of eternal happiness, and w;iy of I eternal doom Mere therefore before tlicin, and I they had to choose which of tlicue paths they j wouia walk, i ntortunateiy many chose the wrong road, and failed to obtain the end for which they were made, — that is, to be happy for all eternity, They had only to look at the example ot their first parcuts. They cast away the Grace of God by their disobedieuce iu eating the forbidden fruit, by which they were to surely die. And tlie momeut they eat the forbidden fruit they died, — a death which was infinitely worse than the death of the body, — tbe death of the soul. What was many possibly amongst themselves would rather go to Heaven than go home, and to I I such death would be no loss. There was only one loss, cud only one death, aud +hat the death of tbe soul. Adam and Eve has des pised God, and lost tiie blessing of God, not only for themselves, but for all who collie after them, and they would never have re gaiucd thcGrjce of God, but for the p«bs!on and death of Him who was (rod aud man at the same time. No wonder God should cry out to Adam 4i Where art thou,' for the Adam he saw was uot the apple lie had created, a true soul beautiful in the. eyes of the angels ; now he was covered with bin, ruin and distress. The sin of Adam, that they wished had never been done, that very sin 1 had become worse aud worse, because they sinned not once or twice, hut twenty times, and each time they mado themselves tnore hateful and abominable iu the sight of God than even Adam did. There were many who were unwilling to receive the Grace of God, like the Jews who would not listen to the Apostles ; and the Apostles cast the dust from their feot, declaring, ''Behold because you have considered yourselves unworthy of God's Grace we leave you, and go to the Gentiles. ' So it was wit.h those who listened not to the inspiration of God, whether by writing or word, or teaching. The consequences to such people, unfortunately for them would be that they would regret their unwillingness forallofe mty. There was another way in whi'h people sinned against God, and that ** hi y putting it off. He instanced the case of th« Governor of Ca3sarea, who tftld the Apostle to go away and he would see him again, but they did not read that he was ever converted. There U'OI ...ant, tUnt- nnA nn+ fsi noiP.iiftiijf line viirtb, rtiiu wiey »ugui- »ct in that way. They should not refuse the Grace of God, which would enable them oue day to be with Hiin in the Kingdom that had been prepared for them from all eternity ; and then in the preseuce of tbe Giver of all good thing*, they could say with St. Paul, 44 Hy the Grace of God, I ain what I am,' 