NOTES OF TIE WEEK. — Australian weatlier is made up of Drought and Downpour. For many months of the year sheep and cattle wander over dry anl dusty plains, seeking- grass which lies ; withered and watcrholes long since dried up. | In other wedes they stand shivering knee- | deep in swamps which have inundated their S pastures and put them in. danger of death I from, too much moisture. Every colony I suffers from, recurrent days when — I VTith fire and fierce drought on her I Insatiable summer oppresses, fc'cie woodlands and sad wildernesses, And faint fiocks and herds. And anon havoc is wrought by Impetu ous water spouts, which sweep crops from the ground, bridges from their abutments, and cattle from there feeding places. The grand solutions of the problem included in these devastating oppoJtes are water conservation and irrigation. By enlarging the natural channels, and arti ficially increasing the normal catehmeats; by selecting good holding ground and increasing its accommodating capacity, by the expenditure of money and . thought in weirs and reservoirs : the danger from floods is reduced to a minimumi and instead of becoming a means of destruc tion, the plenteous rains of heaven are safely stored as agencies of life and verdure. The genius of man has tamed the lightning, and trained it to carry his messages, and light Ins houses. The same power shall make the water flood docile, and. teach it to do his will- The difficulty of gathering streams and ac cumulated torrents being thus overcome, the dread of drought" disappears. The sun shines in the day only, but man dias not to pass the night in darkness. The rain falls in the winter alone, bat there is no reason why the summer should be faint with unslaked thirst. Lightning bolt, wind tempest, and dashing rain will always have in them possibilities of evil. The house may be struck, thfl ship wrecked, or the reservoir burst But in each great foxee is something ines1" mably valuable to man if he will but wake the l»st use of it. Cfeuse for gnef «»» anxir exists |a the devtetioh wrougldi stormmid whuiwand mTSew South Wales .V# thme is' reason for great rejoicing? too- JTfee £a3r|erial of inexhaustible iingtin. schemes has Iwtfn poured down upon., the two provinces, andforevery penny of damage done has demonstrated the possibility of pounds of profit- Life lost and property destroyed are tbemes for great regret, but it is not well to jook at the black side only. Disasters as well as successes have valuable lessons to teach. Aus tralians have bad sufficient experience of their climate now to know when copper skies may be expected and when the opening, up of the heavens is to be looked cor. A lesson learnt jg an advantage gained, but its full benefit is not appreciable until prac tical effect is given in work. Every thunderstorm wasted, every million gallons of water acting the role of a fiend ralher than of an angel, is a reproach to the civilisation and intelligence of our community Jfa. Walter Madden who represents Horsham iu the present Parliament, .has been interesting himself to give his constituents a clear idea of the wonderfully shrivelling effect which a dry year has on the finances of agri culturists. The season 1887-8 was only an average one, and yet, as compared with its successor, ft brought £703,4.79 more into the pockets of Wimmera fanners as a return. for the produce of their harvest. , Drought caused enormous loss to local pastpraliets also, but their -misfortune is not reckoned iu these figures. The counties included by Mr. Madden are those of Boning, Lowau, and Kara Kara, and the actual figures on which the calculation is based are — wheat yield last, season 4, 258, oil- bushels, as against 0,074,907 in 1887-8; the deficiency being 1,81(3,393 bushels, aud the monetary loss at os. a bushel, £454,093. Oats lasf year totalled 196,523 bushels, instead of 237,634 bushels, the shrinkage of 41,111 bushels at 4s>. being worth £8,222. The hay harvest yielded 102.291 tons in 1887-8, and only 62.797 tons in 1SSS-9, and the monetary loss, raleulatedat £6 per ton forchaff , was £241,1 64. It is not merely for the sake of bringing a calamity more prominently before the eyes of the losers that Mr. Madden publishes these figures. He is strongly of opinion that irri gation is the only weapon wherewith io con quer drought, and he makes known the terrible loss suffered in one dry year to prove that, from principles of sheer economy, it would be prudent to adopt, and effectively carry out, efficient and comprehensive schemes of water ivoservation. For £700.000, the loss on one season's grain harvest,' much could be done to render the repetition of such a failure of crops almost impossible. It took much persuasion to induce the Marquis of Londonderry to accept the Lord- Lieutenancy of Ireland, and since his ap pointment in July, 1886, it has required all the Premiers arts to secure lus retention of the position. It is an open secret that the 1 1 sic lihhon of the Garter was among the ' reasons" impressed upon Lord London derry to effect his stay at Dublin Castle. Chai "ies Stewart Vane Tempest Stewart is a young man to have had all this honour tlrrist upon him. He did not enter the world until 1S52, and his succession to the title did not take place until 1SS4. He had the disadvantage, too, of being a descendant < > ihat notorious Viscount Castlereagli whose Ministerial acts in the time of the third George caused so much evil comment. But. limited as he was in the area of choice, Lord Salisbury was very pleased when his young colleague took over the duties of A ice-Royalty, aud he has been extremely anxious to prevent his resignation. Helped ly a very charming wife — Lady Theresa Su-ey Helen Talbot (eldest daughter of the nineteenth Earl of Shrewsbury), whom he wauiied in October, 1S75 — Lord London derry has well upheld his office, both in rcp' ct to its dignities and its hospitalities. But us accompanying income of £'20,000 a year, together with its accessory privileges JUid honours, have not been sufficient to hold linn to the post, aud within a few weeks he will lay down the great office with all its uuui,imems ana ail its cares. Alter mucn perplexity a successor has been found, who, ' ior one year only,'" pending future develop ments. will hold the sceptre in Ireland. This tune the Irish peerage does not .supply the vinef official. The fortunate man, who is eight years older than his immediate pre decessor, is Laurence Dundas, third Earl | Zetland, who has been a member of the Commons, has held junior rank in tne of Lord Boaconfield's Ministries, tvas once an officer of the Horse Gnaidjj and lias sporting proclivities. He has on joyed his present title for sixteen years, hnt so far has done nothing to single him out from the general body of the peerage. 1 c-rhaps the Lord- Lieutenancy of Ireland will be his opportunity for distinction and his avenue to fame. Helen M'Fhersox is a bold criminal, and apparently she is possessed of an extra share of ingenuity also. She was brought up before the City Bench on Monday, when 0,10 charge of f orgery was preferred agaiastlier, vvliile a dozen others were held in reserve. If, however, there is ill-luck in the number thirteen," the fatal influence did not extend to the unprincipled Hdiai. Nor, though committed to gaol, was she entirely hopeless. " There is honour among thieves," and even the greatest criminals can deal equitably ith another sometimes. Helen was not without her Paris. Accused with her <vras one James Street, who succeeded In obtaining bail, and thus, for the time at least, delivered himself from Queer Street. to liberty did hot» -however, render him forgetful of 1 his companion in ill-doing. : Braving allriek — in the guise of ii a reputable householder' ' — he sought the place of Helen's incarceration and, fortune favouring- him, was able to persuade a J ustice of the Peace to accept their joint sureties and authorise her release. Of course, wheat-be time for surrendering came, neither offender faced the magistrates, and once more the law-breakers proved too smart for the law-administrators . There may be .an element of amusement to be extracted from this story, but serious and intelligent con sideration will lay bare a theme rather for tears than laughter. it is not reassuring to find that the custodians of justice are so easily beguiled by clever impostors. - The Even ny Herald and Air. Daly have both got into sore trouble over the Cutler ease. The very name of the chief figure iu the tragedy suggests sharpness, but neither the solicitor nor the journalist was sufficiently acute to steer clear of trouble. And, indeed this same spectre . of 41 contempt" is so flitting and intangible that it easily eludes the grasp o£ men most learned in the law's spirit. J list when the thought, of its trium phant laying : is most near confirmation , it rises in a fresh place, and the would-be exorcist .finds himself walking through a ghost. which he imagined to. be comfortably behind him. Even judges, aptest in dis section of legal skeletons,, are not always agreed as to which articulated bone -structure has power of walking, and which is pros trate forever. Where judges are dis agreed, the Chief Justice gave Mr. Daly the credit .of exact acquain tance, aud heavily castigated him be- 1 cause he was an expert. Even if the | solicitor were five times more guilty than the | journalist, a £25 -fine would have exactly met the case. The imprisonment is so much crushing surplusage. It is pretty certain that the newspaper gained readers because of J the great publicity given to this case, and the sympathy felt with an editor placed in an unfortunate position without wilful wrong- doing. It is to be hoped that fellow-feeling with Mr. Daly will lead to equally practical results. Dr. Fico lias satisfied a Supreme Court jury that he was not guilty of the grievous charge brought against him by Mi's. Dietrieb, and there is a consequent feeling of satisfaction among laymen and his brother professionals. It is a sufficiently fearful thing to know that there are unregistered quacks who, for certain unholy gold, will do dark deeds of this kind. But it would, be most terrible if such offences against nature and civilisation were sheeted home to an acknowledged member of that profession to which humanity owes so much. The assuagement of pain, the rectification of physical defects, the salvation from death: In this triune mission of good all true practisersof medicine and surgery are en gaged. At great personal risk sometimes, ofien at unspeakable inconvenience, and always with a feeling of the utmost res ponsibility, the conscientious doctor plies his calling. Where disease is most virulent, and death nearest, he is frequently the only visitor who receives a smile of welcome, sad though it may be. Thus a tender feeling of respect and reverence has been planted and developed in the heart of suffering humanity for all honest followers of the great Aesculapius. And can the profession afford to risk forfeiture of that respect by harboring in their ranks a man who would be guilty of such a crime as that charged against Dr. Figg. For their own sakes, and for the benefit of the public, so de pendent on their goodness of heart, their purity of motive, their quickness of brain, and their skill of hand, doctors themselves should be most snarp-eyed j detectives aud most implacable police in eases of this kind. That a regular practi tioner should be even suspected of such dealings gives cause for great alarm a verdict of guilty" on incon trovertible evidence would do incalculable evil. It remains with the profession, to prevent by all means in their power even the least reputable of their number from going astray in this respect. Human nature is frail, but lynx-eyed watch and a determination to press for condign puuish- ment on all convicted offenders is enough to prevent crime even when morality is weakest. These colonies, foundedas they were centuries after Europe and Asia had begun to make mistakes in Government, had an excellent opportunity of profiting by those mistakes and thus of building up a model constitution. The liightest development of Monarchy exists in England, the most successful Democracy flourishes in America. Here in Australia the best/ attributes of each are acclimatised, and the most nearly perfect of all human political machinery has a vigorous existence. Erom manhood suffrage to the sovereign s representative, from the broad basis of the People's will to the sym bolism of Royalty in the Governor, the choice articles of the Kingdom and the Republic— picked out and vreldrii together — are manifest But there are flaws even in Australasian Governments which would be avoided if the moulding could be done again. 'And now the great "Western province is feel J ing the throes which precede the birth of a new constitution. What a chance is here to found a veritable model State. Not only can old world thraldoms be set aside, but the new world's liberties, where they have become licence, may be held in check. Many x conventionalities of govern ment have be« weighed in the balance and found wanting. Some uew departures in the art of political self-control have also been proved valueless. Now, let all Australia pray for men— . Who know the season wkeu ta take Occasion by the hand; and make The bounds of Freedom wider yet— men who are intimate with the teachings of the past, and able to grasp the chief needs, at least, of the near future. - An I immense territory, with limitless possibilities, lies open in West Australia to be made or marred by its rulers. Let the constitution be well conceived, the administrators of govern ment under its provisions wise' and prudent, the people honest and intelligent, and who knows but that this .newest colony may .become the eusampler of all. . Although thirteen years have passed sinee Dr.! Perry resigned the oversight of the See of- Melbourne,- there are hundreds of Victorians- : who feel a deep personal interest in bis well-; fare. Premonitions of coming death have j more than once greeted him of late', and! | messages telling of further attacks of illness, i therefore, cause his friends the utmost anxiet v. I m It is now eighty-two years smce Bishop i Perry's active life began. After a brilHant | career at Cambridge — whence he graduated ; in 1S2S as Senior Wrangler, Smith's Prize - j man, and first iu classics — he undertook iu ! IS47 the arduous duties of the pioneer of | episcopacy in Victoria. Founding, organis- ; ing, developing, and building up Church I work in a colony, for the most part in a very ! turmoil of wealth hunting, kept his brain and Ids body eternally busy. For twenty nine years, however, he carried out his duties vigorously and well, and left many monu ments of his piety, his zeal, and his capacity bsliind him when he resigned the diocese into the charge of the large hearted and brilliant Moorhonse in 1S76. 44 Something attempted, something done had indeed earned a life's repose in Dr. Perry's case, but ; since his residence in England he has not been idle. Very honorary no doubt were his duties as prelate of the order of St. Michael and j St. George, while the canonry of Llaudaff — which he last week resigned — has been some thing of a sinecure. But he has ever shown a very great interest in Church work, and a | ready willingness to be of service in exteud- | ing its influence. His old See of Melbourne has twice had occasion to consult him with reference to the appointment of a successor, and in each instance has received valuable aid. Melbourne is indeed in a thoroughly unique position with regard to its prelates. Since its division from, the bishopric of Sydney in 1847, it has had three overseers. All these are still living, and all still hold high positions in the church. Dr. Perry is prelate of the colonial order of Knighthood, Dr. Mocrhouse is Bishop of Manchester. Victoria, Tasmania, New Zealand, and many of the other colonies have laid out rnuili money, devoted great attention, and expended much time to the acclimatisation of English fish iu local waters. In all the colonies the efforts have been comparatively j successful, and in Tasmania, where the j climate most resembles that of the parent j isle, very large salmon have risen to the angler's hook. In South Australia, too, trout heavy enough to "provide a hearty meal have been captured. But, so far, to Dunedm belongs the first place iu the laudable under taking to provide foreign fish with a new habitat. There the perennial increase of the finny emigrantsis ensured. Brought over as ova, happily quartered iu comfortable breeding ponds, and judiciously guided into congenial rivers, the small fry of England have been guarded to growth as healthy and powerful Australian adults. Tiie fish have taken good femperedly to their environment, and, with the experience of their own excellent treatment before their minds, have not hesitated to bring forth children into the land .where they have been so thoughtfully adopted aud so contiuuously cared for. The ova which earns from England, developed into fish, have produced eggs in turn. From . these eggs ' native and to the manner bom" the Dunedin Acclimatisation Society have raised other fish. If these human wet nurses —aud they must be very wet nurses if they go down into - the ponds during the course of their labours- can raise colonially-bred spawn into vigorous scaly life, surely the fathers andmoihers can i safely bring up their offspring to healthy and well -developed maturity. But for. the "mute incomnmnicability of fishes," of which Charles Lamb writes so charmingly, oiie could imagine some finny humorist writing a most . irresistibly amusing paragraph in the " Perrybingle papers5 of that sub marine Weekly Times to which all intelligent fishes subscribe so eagerly, on the subject of this arrogation of piscatorial maternal duties by the f eatherless " bipeds of earth. Whether this, be so Donedin executive have good grounds for boasting' thafcthey have solved the acclima tisation problem - There is no cloud without a silver, lining,! and there does not, -cast, a shadow. -' The rabbits which desolate f pastures and destroy crops-bring much ino&ey; , by the value of their skins and their flesh.: I The stoats and weasels, whi'h. New Zealand j introduced at so much trouble are doing good work towards decimating the bunnies, but, according to recent telegrams, they ve now ; turned their attention to sheep. . If this were simply, because the rabbits had suffered anni hilation, the New Zealanders could another their gratitude for favours received, and start out after the /weasels with spade, shot-gun, or trap. But, unfortunately, the frisky rodents are still in the ascendant, and there has to bs careful consideratioii whether the stoat and his companion are more bane than antidote It is likely -that, if an inoculated disease had been adopted as an. annihilating agency, the rabbits would still have triumphed over the snare, while higher animals than sheep would have suffered loss. It was very good of you, Monsieur Pasteur, to make such great prepara- tions to preserve our . pasture, but forgive j us if we passed vonr remedy over ! Stoats and weasels as the natural enemies of rabbits were welcomed .in Maoriland because . hone . of . humanity's = better . .feelings .. had; to bs.. sacrificed .. in letting them loose to murder and to ravages And yet the whirligig of time has brought its revenge's, and the remedy threatens to be come an harmful as the ailment sought to be cured. " How much more likelihood would there be of the attempted assuagement in creasing the intensity of disease, if, instead of stoats and weasels, microbes had been j scattered broadcast throughout the world's j largest island, Australia ! Really rabid j rabbits resist ravage rarely, while wicked weasels wilily v.Telcome worthier wethers. All Australia may accept the first sad alliteration, while New Zealand sorrowfully corrobo rates both halves of the statement. Mr. Henxiker Heaton, who is such a mighty tower of strength to Canterbury Conservatives, has long posed in the British Parliament as " the member for Australia." In this way he has become invested with an importance not his own. Nobody on tills side of the water ever asked him to take colonial affairs under his tutelage, and, so far, no very tangible evidence has been given that liis help is very valuable. He evidently understands the art of 'keeping himself prominently before the public, and apparently is not very particular whether or not the particular incident which gives him fame redounds to his credit or not. Not long ago he was sued by his secretary for services done in preparing his election speeches and in writing liis most intelligent letters. After the matter had been bruited abroad in England and Australia, he dis creetly compromised the action, and engaged another amanuensis of equal mental ability, but with less tendency toward illtemper and independence. The echo of the noise created by this diverting ease having died away, Mr. "Heaten "has once more sought occasion to make liis. fame known. Incessant interroga tories in. the. Commons have served to keep his name well before the notice of fellow-members, but not sufficient outside comment was thus secured. On Mondav, v < however, Fate was good to him. Another badgeringof the Postmaster- General wrought that- official into a state of irritation. He complained of being " bored," and ended up by accusing Mr. Heaton of being an ' ' advertising politician." His. training in New South "Wales polities enabled Mr. Heaton to more thaii equal Mr. Kaikes in rudeness, and the politedenomina- tion of "a right honourable booby" was hurled at that Minister's head. Then, hav ing got his shot in, Mr. Heaton appealed to the Speaker, and received one more snub. Still, as. the incident has been telegraphed to Australia and made public in England, it- was not all in vain. 