I Something about Sleep. A writer in Good Housekeeping in writing on sleep says : Food for the body and sleep for both mind and body of man, are necessities of life; to the for- mer secondarily a luxury, and to the latter directly both a necessity and a luxury. The appetite which gives a relish to food and a passion, so to speak, 'that gives the full round of enjoyment to sleep, are appetites and passions to be cultiuated to the full- est possible extent. Those were hard words to say, but nevertheless truo, which a sufferer from insom- nia once spoke in public : " If there is any one thing above another that will justify suicide, it is sleepless nights." Those who have never been troubled with this terrible infliction could have no sympathy with one making such a remark, but others who have thus suffered, as many do, would readily excuse such au apparent flippancy of speech. An absence of food to the stomach means starva- tion for the body j absence of sleep from the brain means starvation of both physical force and menta faculties. The stomach maybe made to perform its natural functions upon a small moiety of food, but the nerve and brain force of either the physical or mental system cannot long survive the absence of sleep. It is rare indeed that one may take up a paper, let it be daily, weekly, monthly, or an annual even, without finding something regarding the all-im- portant subject of sleep, instructions as to when to sleep, how to sleep, how long to sleep, etc. ; but after all is said and done the ghost of sleeplessness '-and a ghost of more frightful mien than that of Banquo itself- will not down. It continues to stalk abroad untrammelled, and boldly enters and darkens dear homes, estranges friends, embitters acquaint- ances, leaves its wrecks strewn along the shore o commercial life, and at last brings " death and all our woes." With rare, exceptions, the absence of sleep comes from excessive brain-work, from overstrained nerves or overtaxed mental faculties. Conscience, which "makes cowards of us all," sometimes takes a hand at the game of wakefulncss. And not alone such as are "Beared as with a red-hot iron" find "sleep -, fleeing from the eyes and slumber from the eyelids." War, pestilence, and famine have, from time im- memorial, stalked abroad over the earth with imposing flourish and brass-band accompaniments, leaving ghastly skeletons strewn along their track, while sleeplessness, in a more quiet way, however, . has kept well up to either of its noisier compeers in the notable procession of events which is con- stantly leading away to desolation, dismay, and destruction. Instructions, recipes, regulations, and anathemas have been without avail te stay the ravages of the sly and seductive monster which still holds its ground and is gathering rich harvests '' from every walk of life. We read in one paragraph of something that will rout this fevered and fearful enemy of life-comfort and happiness. We follow the lead pointed out patiently, persistently, and hopefully, to find at the end of the strife-sleeplessness. We listen to the counsel of friends and follow the advice given, to find it wanting, and we also find, in addittion, that in the matter of wakefulness and sleeplessness, " What is one man's meat is another man's poison ;" that what will put one to sleep will keep another wide awake. " Throw physic to the do0'8," and let it have its perfect work; pill and powder boxes at the cats, with unerring aim ; leave " Welsh rabbits" and cold bites untasted at bedtime ¡ the " Indian weed" unchewed and unBmoked; pour all narcotics and stimulants into the slop-jar rather than down the throat, call conscience to account, " drive dull car« away," forgot ("aye, there's the rub"), forget all petty foibles, drone in a low tone, while disrobing, " Home, Home, sweet, sweet Home," " There is a Happy Land," or something akin to these, drop deftly into the folds of woollen blankets and " lie down to pleasant dreams." This prescription to be taken at night, and the patient shaken in the morning, if found to be over-sleeping. A fatal poisoning caae was reported at Newtown on Friday morning (says the Herald). A financial I agent named Benjamin H. Cohen, residing at 56, I Newtown-road was found lying in his bed about 10 o'clock apparently very ill. Dr. Hawthorne was sent for, and on arrival he found that the patient waB suffering from the effects of some poison. The stomach pump and other remedies were applied, but without success, and the unfortunate maa expired about half an hour afterwards. A small bottle containing some laudanum was found near the bed. The deceased retired on the previous night and was in his usual health. Some light may be thrown upon the affair by the fact that the deceased was the grandfather of the infant Elizabeth Cohen, who died while in the care of Ellen Batts, and upon whose body the last of the inquests in con- nection with the Wollahra baby farming exposure is now pending. At the opening of the inquiry on Saturday the mother of the infant said in evidence that the deceased was taken from her when five hours old, and that her father, the de- ceased, had made the arrangements with the woman Ellen Batts through a third party. The inquest was adjourned till next Tuesday, when the. deceased would no doubt have been examined. 