WHI8PER8 AT THE W1NQ8. Br .fa all that affability ssbnmetaristio of bim Vsneeftt watches and wards over She badness at tbe jLoyi md y toll yon ht looks the better of hm Winner tour. Probably he msy»OT B- titoaiiooaer than we expected or would we liked, bat then, you know, tee bete of ru nns must part— as my confrere the Athletic editor in a sort of oohloqulHng way said when he dashed down tea Utter portion of a Henry Clay, Well, cigars and puff (preliminary) oome pretty tnucb together; sad so It u appropriate— I will not cay -apropos few a thonoand pounds, because a friend of mine insinuated in a charac teristically tempered and sarcastic vein, after reading the lines under this heading, that apropos" was the only French word 1 was arejuainted with— teat I should tell you tbat Saturday night will aee a carefully worked up na prepared production of tee Silver Sing. It jwl be a test for some people, more especially for Bucklaw and for Teddy Rqyce, who come after people who were "first form " as we're w tbe habit of saying. The scenery is to be new, from Gordon's brush, and the cast will be as follows Wilfred Denver (played by turn over 500 times in the princiial English theatres), Mr Alfred Bucklaw ; Nellie Denver (neat time), Miss Clara Oowper ; Oist-y and Ned, their children (first time). Miss Moggie oynnot and Master Synnnt ; Daniel Jukes, teeir servant first time), Mr E, W. Royce; Capt. Herbert Skinner, known as "The «pioer" (first time), Mr Edward Sast; Geoffrey Ware (first time), Mr Wilmott Errej Samuel Baxter (first time), Mr William Cal vert ; Henry Corkett (played by bim in tbe principal English theatres), Mr J. Stevenson ; Elijah Coombe (first time), Mr Frank Emery ; Cnpps, Mr E, Rutaell ; Frank Selwyn. Mr Owen Harris; Gaffer Bottle, Mr W. Clitbe- »w ; Mr Parifyn, Mr T. H. Bolton ; Mr Binks, Mr Reynolds; Mr Brownson, Mr Caghlan ; Biletaer, Mr C. B. Weatmscott ; TVddy, Mr Hushes ; Cabman, Mr T. Ford; Tnbba, Mr J. A. Pattiaon ; Leaker. Mr Bates; sarvsnta, Mesors Kremer and Mason ; Detective, Mr J. Parker; Porter, Mr Careon ; Newsboy, Mr Walter O'Brien; Olive Skinner (her first ap pearance in drama in Australia), Miss Edith Blande; Tabitha Dnrfien, Mrs Paget ; Susey, mips Polly Emery; Mrs Gammage, Mrs Kelley, After the Silver King, well have- but no, 1 was oiked not to mention it just yet. This much, however, I may add to these jottings Royal, teat The Bella of Keselmere are ring ing the changes upon the public fancy with effect in no mistake. Really, I was surprised at the house on 6atarday. Even ttio dress circle was well filled, Classical is not quite the category in which you would be inclined tocloss ThpGrasshopwr, which is now the nightly Lee-ree at the Prin cess. Of course, it shows the little lady's Jennie- rosity to thus show her vrrsitality and vola tility in stepping faun the sublime — in u small way — to tbe ridiculous— in a large way, I have seen The Graeehopner elsewhere, and here more than once; but I have never been able to thoroughly grasp the exact purport of it. In fact, I've never been able to get over (he first impression of it, that it was "that old farce. The Bonnie Fishwite, spun out. It has a big touch of tbe variety show business about ir, and is beneath the Princess's standard. Of coarse Jennie Lee knocks about with plenty of vivacity, and reaches the Mtrh cibb art of jump ing on tables, drinking out of bottles, end such little claspical indulgences, Herbert Flemming is ln«t. and l'in almost inclined to offer a reward for bis recovery to a part worthy of his powers. Scotland, my country, what have you donetbatOlly Deering should to massacre your grand, euphonious and musical language ? I don't know ; nut if I had met a hotel landlord about the Tro&aach; or somewhere up tbe Cale- donisn Caual, I eboitld have been in clined to— well not ask him to "jine me in a nmtchkin." Walton assists in the fooling with him, and B. N. Jones gives anything that is possible to run in of an artistic touch to the old Fugg-y— that steward fellow. Perry looks as dismal, aod somer saults as laboriously as is necessary, and then the Lady Buckram is given in a Fiifliciintly Bolton, while that Highland lnnsie Catherine is not a very Weir-y character, and Emma Gwynne is quito a Sass-y, "heroine of romance." la there anything else I should cav? I don't think so. No; hang it all, I've fooled over this piece of tomfoolery quite enough. Jack in the Box next. It's long sines I put down East Lynne anions the plays I'd stood and sat enough of. Aye, it's just about as lugubrious a drama as was ever staged, and it takes big acting to take it out of the regions of bathos. tTtavrr. - uulutsutuste, errf wvhwi Coin-' line Heath was the first and the foremost representative of tbe principal nart 1 ever saw. She had power, and she baa pathos in it, I tell you, and the speaking of her pathos reminds me of a scene which, as a kiddie, I remember seeing in a provincial theatre, which struck me, and has clung to me. It was in the Willie Carlylo dying scene. In the "aide boxes" was a 'colored arrgesnt of the line, and either bis sweetheart or his young wife. His breast bore medals which spoke of service; and yet that man who had braveljr faced real death at tbe cannon's mouth was wiping away the tears from bis eyes overseeing mimic death on trie stage. I know Miss Heath used to treasure that incident. What a beggar I am for running away from my subject. Ex cuse me ; and let me say that on Monday night I went up to the Alexandra, and sat out she first three acts of Dampier's version of Mrs John Wood's novel. I don t think niuolt of the version. It has only one aim— to emphasise tbe character of Lady Isabel Carlyle. The coinedy interest is' destroyed, ana is made ludicrous by the equally ludicrous, not to say vulgar, way in which it is represented by that old couple who are allowed even to breathe in the piece. I went to give something ,of attention to Miss Dampier e attempts to tackle a heavy and an exacting task. You may say that my opinion isn't worth a button, but I can't help 6ayiog that the young lady is essaying parts which arc beyond her years, her experience, her capacity, her ability. In her art the first requisite is to have dramatic instinct. Every stage-player hasn't got it ; and she may acquire it— if it can be acquired. Lota of people get into a mechanical, mannered, monotonous method, and she ought to steer clear of tbat. It's a rock— it's a rock ! There is too much of the dead love) about her acting, and her pathos is about as vigorous or forte as her passion. The brat portion of her impersonation is the death scene of bt-r son. and even it is ojiglitly labored. Tlipre'sa Willie Carlyle of MUt Heath's com panies in Melbourne who conld, give her a wrinkle or two, I fancy. But yon can't put old heads on young abouldeis, and Mies Dampier has that which haa ever led man and woman to success and fortune- determination and am bition. Rita Wyadale plays Barbara Hare with barbarous hair, alias a wig ; and Booth- man slioxxs great capacity for the part of Carlyle — especially . in his paots pockets. The cast includes all the strength and the weakness of the company, and the patrons of the theatre congregate therein their numbers. Romeo and Juliet is the uext bill, I believe, and Hamlet is in rehearsal. Big houses are the fate ot the Silbooa at the Opera House, and it will be. youll find, till the end of their tather. That they reach on Friday week. Then "Our George"—- Darn-ll ot (hat ilk— is mfiti'rwa He's going to giro iw «HmeihiDg new— bis Hue and Cry and The Lucky Lot, I believe. I had a wbrd or two with George the other evening at the Opeia House, ana he was telling me that tho floods in Queensland and over the way inter fered very msterudly with Ins tour. Some thing like L300, lie aays, thev coat him. Queensland, he save, it "dead off" for ehowa just now. No money. ; And I believe it after hearing ; that my good old genial friend, GrattanRiggs, < played ouwn to a L7 10s boure at Brisbane. The Cogillo, too, were not coitiing money by any means up in that quarter. It strike me teat one of tee coming " booms"m the show line is the Museum, after the atvle of tee Royal one in Bourke street There no doubt its caught on, and, mind you. it's a capita! shilling worth. There is no lack of variety, and tbere'e a strong dasb of noveltyabout it. Union Is strength, they say. and tee bid at the Victoria shows tbe amalgamation of the Hicks Minstrels and tbe "All Star" people, and It is drawing; Kickards is still the best paying how in the city, and yet he has to depart on Friday. On that night he has a benefit. Be there. Then, on Saturday, tee Oogill and Johnnie' Gourlay re-appear In Skipped by the Light of the Moon, and no dun be mil be welcomed back by hosts of friends. The Cydorema it as big a draw aa ever. George Leitch is m town again, almost re covered. . . . The Warner rehearaal for £ew Zealand begin to-day. Drink is tee oalL . . . Katie Potoom Is at Geokmg to-night. Then Sydney. . . . ' Charlie MacMahon and Johnnie Solomon are amongst our latest managerial arrivals. , . , The Princess dub gaps together on Saturday. . . . Miln opened at Hobort on Monday. . . Glad to hear the Manhall teatimontol turned out no deservedly walk , Jennie Watt-Tanner has been retained to appear id a new piece called Phyllis et the London Opera Oomique. Some friends knowing teeunfortonatetizne be haa had here have arranged to give Captain do Buigh a benefit. The committee coomit of, amongst others, Major Stanley, Dr Wilmott, Mvrs P. P. Labertoutee, Andrew Lyell, J. B. Simmondt, Arthur Brinton, Col Freeman, MrDand Gaunaon, Col Go1dsttin,Mr Arthu gnvMrI>. P. MaitianiMr A. Fiumpton, Mr G. W, Crabo, Mr A. Dampier, and Mr fawi Msrlfshon end HUcncka, with faE, H. Budd, treasurers. The Cap tarn wai well-known in South Africa in a smUtaty capacity, wax through tea Znln War- bringing down Oeteway ofrom Ulundi to Point Dwraf ord— end on tbe Cape Colonial Staff, while he wai thriragn tbe Bosuto and Trantid campaign, and also bad command of the squadron of tee fad M.R. In Betenanaland expedition. He was alike actor and manager of the Natal theatres, and appeared many times with the late Captain Disney Roebuck, in Cape Town. Unfortunately be wm nnlocky bore with tee Alexandra Theatre, but artistically be will be remembered as Captain Harding in The Har bor Lights at tee Princess's. From Sydney my confrere writes t— After a very successful ran, the Bohemian Girl has re placed Maritana at tee Opera House. Mtis I van ova has joined tlie already strong com pany. The Yeomen of the Guard holds on to the Royal to the end of the week, when Pepita will.be produced. Miss Rosa Towers is run ning Claodine at the Gaiety. It is a drama of the stereotyped order, and the company is an average one. Jo Jo and Urbim'a trained fleas are now added to the list of the wonders of the city, and Foster and Clark and all concerned are gathering the coin at a great rate. Everyone is going to ere the Russian wonder. A friend suggested the other day teat the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals should take pity on the fire, because tbe poorbed-hoppersare deprived of their ordinary meant of enjoyment. It would have dooe poor Joe Dirnck'a heart good— and the last time I saw him he was not in very good spirits— to see tlnj way Confusion was played and received at Her Majesty's on Baturday night. (By tbe way, does anyone know where the author cf Confusion is just now ?) Everyone, it may be pretty safely aaid, predicted that the change from melo drama would not be a success. But everyone was right out of it. The piece went like winkin'. Msgnold, aa Mortimer Mompleford, eliowed tbat he ii much snore versatile .than we thought bun. He played the part -well, though, aa tnigbt lie supposed, a trifle heavy. The bit of the piece was Stirling White's Blizzard, while it need hardly be related that Mira Kate Bishop could scarcely have been better than in the part of Rose, which she played at the first production of tee piece at the Vaudeville in 1883. JonTolano did fnll juation to James, and Miss Watts-Phillips was quite at home with Maria. Jimmy Moore. Tom Scott, and Jim Allium are in co.. and the two former a Hi shortly astonish the New Zealonders with all sorts of novelties. Allison takes two benefits on Monday next, and will at once Irate for 'Frisco in connection with the bringing out of tbe Buffalo Bill show, which opens about November. Advices from the organiser in tbe Stales show that everything is going ahead slick for it. In the programme chere will be snake charmers, lovely female choristers, and I don't know what not. Joseph's Sweetheart, at the Criterion, is still drawing satisfactorily. Thoutrh nothing is vet in rehearsal, She Stoops to Conqunr will follow, and Booties Jl&by; will, I understand, be shortly produced. Mr Norwood has the rights of tbi piece. Frank Clark's people, at the Academy, are doing real good bnslnesR, the programme being varied at short Intervals, aod Blade Murray, Compton, and all the boys are crrat favorites. On i fit, a new and large theatre io George street. \Vc want it badly. My friend in Adelaide sends nw this: — The Broiigh and Boucicault Company have only been doing moderate business during the week with Sophia at the Royal, but on Saturday they bad a crowded house with Betsy, the Governor and Countess bring present. Tom Hudson closet his season at Garner's the week after next, when Harry Rickards and hi company will open for a abort season. Mr Jinkins i now over here making arrangements for hiiu. Australia appears to be the rort of " happy hunting gr.utx<( " of the dramatist just now. Mr Robert Buchanan, who alike ns a novelist and & dramatist lias made himself favorably known out here, has juBt produced a next- play called Tho Old Home, in which be ennnciatra the somewhat startling theory that the morals of that effete old country (England) a>e played out, and that if you waat acliaate. Gnd fearing, faithful wife you must look for her not in London drawingroom. but in the Australian bunli. To some extent the play orams founded upon "LeGendre dc Monsieur Foirier." A weak and dissipated baronet has married for money the pretty daughter of a prosperous Aus tralian squatter. His debts, or a part of them, have beau paid the mortgages on his - cfrnr».. » Jhrati cumuu -« fairchenoe of htppinras »' «-ma to attend tee iiewly-marriod couple. But who has onre drunk will drink again, sore the French pro verb. So it proves with Sir Charles Fenton. Leaving his wife to be insulted by htn quondam acquaintance, he occupies his time by mnking love to Mrs VYaldegrav'. a former sweetheart, now widowed, who professes sentiments con cerning the relations between the sexes which should render her the founder of a new sect of free-lovers, and Is obviously only too willing io act up tc her principles, and by gambling to an extent tbat makes his later state worse than tbe earlirr. Lady Fenton and ber father are long suffering to the verge ot imbecility. When, however, tbe suspicion falls apou the husband of having betrayed and deserted the daughter of one of his tenautt, tbe baric of tbe metaphorical camel is broken, and wife and father quit the husband Mid take their passages back to the new country wbioh breed men, and away from the old home which produces gentlemen, or, to use a Iras euphemistic term, cads. Previous lo their departure, however. Sir Charles exonerates himself from the darkest para ot the charges brought against him, proforaes ;>eoitence for the past, pro mises araendmrnt for the future, and is par- doned. Another Melbourne boy writes " Verdi told me between he ana the wife, Emelie Melville, the engagement at the Cape under Srarelle, was L100 per week. Mat Dick As- pinall (sun of the late well-known barrister) ha been ploying m the country in Hansom Cab. Lord Fauntleroy, etc., and is now negotiating with Lord Newry, who owns a theatre, as his company are going to Australia. I have done a lot of theatres, but bave seen nothing like the Princraa yet. Your old friend Horace Liugard 1 saw in England. He is very funny. Alice Ltmrard ie playing a amall part at the Day- market in Merry Wives of Windsor, fames Coventry, who played under W. G. and M.. at the Royal, but was nut a success, u singing at tbe Empire, and appears to take. To morrow night w6 are goiog to Pony Moore's grand ball (Moore and BuieeiK's Minstrels.) He gives one every yrar — oosta him about LTOO. All 'the beet of tlie theatrical world go to it. 1 go often to the Alhambra and Empire, where you. can smoke in the drrai circle or anywhere. They are crowded every night, and . are as big aa tbe Melbourne Theatre Royal. Tlie batteta are something magn ificent —the finest ever produced in the world, no say the connoisseurs. Ou the way to America H.B. was a passenger with the Gaiety crowd, ana says that Miss Marion Hood waa alwav talkinu reticriiin. At St. Jatnra's H≪, in (lie Minstrels, Ver non Ktfd, ten tenor, and Hawkins, falieito, are amongst tbe company, the l&iter; being as good as ever. Violet Cameron i« looking very massive, so is Mane de Grey. Tbe latter has gone off, presumably through painting. Somebody sent me a copy of the L ondon F.wiinoStar by last mail, and thrro was a little story in is which was marked evidently for my edification. It's about the Williamsons and Struck Oil, and it runs that the manner in which the play came into Mr Williamson's possession should teach managers not to be ia too great a hurry to throw 'manuscripts away. It was while Mr Williamson wop a member of the company at the California Theatre, San Francisco, that a rough-bearded miner from tee back eouuiry called to see him one day, and handed him the manuscript of » plav. Samuel Smite was the nauie the miner gave, and Mr WilUainson never could find any trace of bim after wards. At first sight tbe play looked n terribly crude production, but tbe theme struck Mr Williamson as novel and original, and be resolved to Uck it into shape himself. The success that attended the piece far sur passed his own expectations. By constant elaboration he has developed the central ot the drama— an old Pennsylvaman Dutch cobbler, with a merry madcap daughter (played by Mrs Williamson)— into one of the finest character parts to be found in tbe modern Britieb'drama. I showed tee par. to Williamson, and after he read it be shrugged his shoulders and said there was some truth tn it, A Melbourne Moonermone mummers writew from London by last mailt— "I have just come in from hearing JraodeReyke fa Aida.His first appearance He has a magnificent voioe, and be got a great reception after his first vndante otattof but I would sooner hear him fa a lighter opera. Aida U & terribly heaw one. The Theatre is worth seeing, and the opera is put on regardless of expense. X counted oyer two hundred on tee stage, and seventy in the orchestra, awl I did Dot pay five guineas for a box, bnt had a half, crown's worth up In tbe amphitheatre. I heard just as much as tee others did. Madame ttstaa was there in a box, and appears m ! Rigoletto on Thursday. I believe tee has "knocked «mon thet Continent,' and It is i laid she does not eonrider herself second to Patti. . I wa at the Alexandra Palace all Tester day to see tee monkey show,aboutlOOO of them I raw over 200 fa two cages, and their antics were most amusing, There are a dozen inside shqws all fur a "bob." Otrcua, theatres, variety entertainments outside ell torts of games, a parachute descent and Pain1 fireworks. Tibe taking of Pekio was eerily grand. The parachute man X saw atari. He went up a great height, but tbe thing took a tot of wind, and he came down a terrific bang, and he wo picked up sense! est, and bleedinc, witn bis arm bsdly broken. At the Lyceum I liked tee Machete show very mute. Irving and Ellen Terry are both ex cellent fa their characters, Mid it ii put od in a most extensive and realistic manner. Baoquo's ghost, rising at tee banquet, aends a Shudder through you. X met Mire Terry going down the Strand this evening fa bra opera carriage, I also met Min Watt-Tanner. 1 bear she did not catch on. One of tee Misi Stewarts I met in Regent street. The people turned round to look at ber. She waa dressed a la Japan ess. I have just returned from Rigrietto, and how Madam Melba did "knock 'em." She aioga magnificently, especially in the eavatina m the second act, where a lot of difficult passages occur. Bra notes were purs and sweet and straight from her chest. She reminded you ot Alboni in her best days, and everyone was In raptures over ber. The Suartette in tbe last act fairly brought down ic house, and fancy, the nationalities of all four were different Madam Schalcbe, Bpaniab, the two Bten German and French, and Madam Melba Australian ; then came Madam Aasasml, who was Italian. 