[?] [?] [?] Georg^^pl^B^iiaS^l^tbigo back for the heafffcMffljBfae wont; thrusting bis cutlass. through Ibe neck so tbat It was tiM&.: b^ fastened the '? beltto 1 the witless lej&fco;' dragged Ut -WOnfe behind Mm, and tbey then hurfcfed,'a^y4tf3iii'ti-felright- $felu£} WHMsS&IMilMS;&her; did not sit dnvn^gpiji socpmfiertably.tp.rest fLTin eat during tne remaipner^ or , tneir journey. Tbey filled and arranged their lamps hastily ondi kept: along? ieating or drinking as they went, until-'with tho l9OT«^ady{C4Jm'b;t£ey vrarS nearly Bporit, Tbeblessed light of day never seemed .bo beautiful .to them as It ,did . jvheu they emerged ffipni.the pave, 3 oat, before the tijih sank pi, the sea. ' V/'Geoajge,11 said' Maxwell as he let the jitftatoes and' pumpkins fall to tho ground and be sank them, '^George, if . you git me 4nfoHafcy 'jhoi-e wild goose scrapes like this you 'just let ' me know it, thawalL'' This wa/r the'flrst/ time ' that Maxwell Tiflil ever lost 'his temper, but' George -felt tbat he had such good provocation that he, held his peace, and soon had ia fire and a 'good supper ready, while Max rubbed his lame leg with turtle oil. EitlitfM waa reflected from a pair of fiery, scintillating eyes. In the morning George examined more fully the bead of the horrible monster, and every time he looked at tt be felt like thanking Maxwell for insisting on his guarding his cutlass nnd the One who had caused him to be holding it in his hand when this dreadful creaturc was ready to strike. It took several days before Maxwell war fiitlv rpcnrprpd from Ids fnrimip. nnd during that time George had been busy trying' to gather cindcrs and drift weed to (arm a soil, if possible, where he might plant their precious melon and pumpkin seed, and in every crevice which had ac cumulated with the lnpsc of centuries a few haudfuls of earth or drift be put a melon or pumpkin seed, until at last he bad quite n plantation all over the islund, reserving his plateau near the shore for the potatoes and cabbages, ' aud in the course of time they did grow aud multi ply, and as he made more and more space for them as the months passed, when two more years had rolled by they came to have all they needed, and, with tho food already provide^ by nature, they were very oomfortable. Theipotatoes were the greatest blessing, as they could be used in so many ways. George learned to stew them with turtle meat or fish, to fry them in turtle fat, to roast them, to moke po -tdto'c&kes; out of them which' were nearly as good as bread, and to make them pal atable in many other ways. The cabbage grew rank, though it ran mostly to leaves, but the watermelons never tasted quite as they ought. Maxwell nnd George tried boiling the juice and .wade a very accept ptile syrup. of it 4n time, and this they Used npon their rice, which they were very sparing of, only cooking a little occa sionally for a treat. But they never attempted any further exploration of tho neighboring island, ot which ' tbey had such a memento iu tho shape of the terrible head which was placed npon the wall with its jaws ex tended find its black mane sweeping down. CHAPTER YITL . One n!ght George could not' sleep. It seemed to him that some great, thing was about to happcu, and he longesd for day* light to come. When day dawned George was already up anjTTat the 'look out' with htf tele scope ^almost .without knowing why, and by the°4rst morning light he saw an Eng- . lish brig lying nt anchor not a half a mile away from the cave. luafew miuuies tho boy's knees bcut and trembled, rind be sank back ngaiuat the rocky seat, and then ho started and fairly flifw, lo the cave where Maxwell was just'-TOing.' -It took but a few minutes for them to reach their post of obscrva* tion together, and to hoist their flag that bod so long fluttered In vain, and then they lit a fire of kelp soaked in turtle fat which made a dense .smoke that mounted high in the clear morning air. Then they strained their eyes for a sign of recogni tion and took turns with the glass; but it seemed as if 110 one saw the signals for so long tbat their patience could scarcely bear it, and Georgo set Tip a loud halloo, that reverberated all over tho island, yet attracted no attention from tho men on the brig. After 6liouting himself hoarse George delisted as Maxwell said: 'They're come here for water, an d they will have to mnke a landing. S'poso one of us goes down to the shore and waits there}1' 'We had better wait here tOl they put off a boat, and then we'll know where they are going to laud; hadn't we?' 'Well, I guess you are right, but I'm thinking we'd better have a bit of break fast. Oiio of us had better go in and fetch out something, and then we don't care bow long we wait; besides, vittlcs is good, anyhow. For if we've got to see this here brig sail oil without us we'll need all the strength we can git, and if they comes oloue we won't lmvo no time.' George left Maxwell and soon brought out their breakfast of dried and smoked turtle meat, and water to drink, as well as more fuel for their fire, and they ate ae they watched. _ At lagt, about t\yo ltQurp after sunrise. there appeared to be a commotion on board the brig, and they fancied- they heard voioes, but owing to the peculiar condition of the atmosphere, sound seems to rise into the air, In these locations, Instead of traveling a long distance; but their doubts were set at rest by seeing a boat lowered awiI eight men get Into it and row toward -the cave where George and Maxwell bad first landed. They both now left their lookout and went rapidly down th' clinkcry path, and were stand ing by the edge of the shore when the boat approached. At the order of the mate who was in it, 1 they stopped when about a rod /from the shore and looked at Haxwell^uid George as they stood there, tbeir faces -Tull of ex citement and anxiety; and well might the mate and his men be surprised, for George and Maxwell were dressed In the clothes * tliey had found in -the cave, and which were.of a fashion of nearly two 'centuries ago ? . - | \- ''Island ,^oy ^Vprted 'th®_inate. 1 *Come Mbore3M-«i3ed 'George. | . 'Who are '^our1 said thfeiuhte. still In doiifcl. ' ' t ' V£ 'We are two shipwrecked fiailore from the Kohola, which went to pieces on Rock IVtdnndo four years ago,' answered' George. ? ' \ 'Don't youbelieve him, sir,' sold ail' old tumor, touching hiB bat. --'Them'SiS ' -real men.-' Them's pirates or their 1 ghosts.' .. I But tlie mate paid no attention to this uncanny fear and again sung out; - . '\Vlmt arc your names and where' 'Mine's Job Maxwell and hls'n's George nnd we shipped in New York fora whalin1 vy'go, mnl we hadn't no water and tried to conic 1 liroiigh, but the currents cotched us, und hero ivc is, and we wants to- get' iiwny. You win come ashore without fear,., for r.icre's nothing, alive here but this boy'n me and the turkles arid other rep tiles.' After n short parley they came ashore, a ii' I in fi 1 iswer to Hie ?m&to;'fc'questlons told all their mishaps und dangers and their (eilious life ou the island, and Anally lio asked if -they would go abroad and talk to the captain, which they willingly did. There ilii'ir story was repeated and the captain ordered tlieui a dinner 6ych as ?the; ha«l not tasted for four years: yes, and louuer, and never in this world did a iliuuerof salt beef, pork and beans, duff ami. ship's bread washed down With black coui'D sweetened with molasses tosie so Tlie captain told them that they were on tlie way -to Sau Francisco with a cargo of ijoneral merchandise from Liverpool, and kindly offered them passage to the former place 'lit Uioy-wishcd to go.' 'Why, that's all we do want,' said Maxwelll .. . f'We ' wish for nothing; else,!' said' George, 'but we can pay our passage,' and then lie told him of the large amount of treasure in the robbers' cave, and asked to bring it on board, telling the captain nt the same time that they would pay most liberally for the labor and the transportation, and besides which they would also make each one of the crew a handsome present, as well as the capUiin and officers. 'I want nothing except the pay for your pafisnge nnd the time lost in stowing your baggage, but you may give the rest what you choose, only don't let them know of your intentions until we get to port. Sailors are hard enough to manage at best, inul if they had money they would feel too big for their duties. You say there is good water. If you will show ihoin the place to get it 1 Mill take it as a favor, and when we have all the water we need I will have your things brought on board. I will go on shore with you and bee the island if you like.' George and Maxwell were delighted with the prospects, and soon four boats were manned aud each hnd a cask for water and two buckets for each man, and they rcftchcd the island, and in a fihoft tiiuo all the men were at work filling the casks with the pure water wliich sprang from no one knows where to this volcanic island in the midst of the ocean. ' 1 / George, Maxwell and the captain went to the cave and examined all the chests to see if they would bear the strain of re moval, and they showed the treasure they bad found, and decided to bring cords the next morning to fasten the boxes 60 thnt they could be moved. One box was filled with clothing and arms and curiosities, and in it was also placed one of the bam boo buckets they had made. George laid the telescope upon a rafle table iu plain sight, and left all- the uten sils and meat and dried fish where It could easily be found by any other unfortunate who might fall upon this island, and then they took a few of the shells and breast plates of the great turtles they had killed, and were ready to leave the island, taking also the monster's head andacask marked wine, which they thought they would drink on reaching civilization again. They had kept it there untouched all those years is case of emergency. 1 That night tbey slept on the brig Abso lute, and in tbe morning began tbe labor of bringing their treasures down to tbe shore. George felt for any oue who might ever Buffer shipwreck here, and had begged for a pot of white paint, and with that he wrote upon the blackened rocks where the cave was, and in that he left everything bis fertile brain could imagine to soften the hard lot of any other cast away. In with the precious proofs of his own identity he placed the valuable jewels he had found and sewed them , up tightly In a waterproof covering and hung it wound his neck. The sailors having filled the water casks ware now ordered to take these boxes on board, and they did so, it is true, but not without a .good deal ot extra grumbling, and George and Maxwell were greatly re lieved when everything was onboard, yet somehow they both felt badly to leave the island that had sheltered them so long, and they looked at lt as long as tbey could see its black and uninviting shore. As they sailed around it on their departure they looked with awestruck eyes at each other, for at no other point could the; have landed, had fate drifted them to any other spot. They sailed away from there without misadventure, though they never drew a tree breath until they were well out of the waters tbat seem to be governed by some inscrutable law of current and counter current, which even to this day has not been entirely understood, and they passed fit) Isthmus and were well on t'leir way t&rard; San Francisco. \- George and MaxweD had been well treated by the officers of the Absolute, list it was evident that they were not looked on with favor by the crew, the most of whom were of the lowest, hardest of English sailors, with two Portu guese among them. The sailors seemed to have an idea that there was something uncanny in their dress, their presence on that desolate island and in the Strang* looking baggage which they had brought on board, and they talked about it all dur tap their vretcbM below and at slgto uiitij tt became their great' subject of thought. \ One sultry night George lay awake In his berth and he beard the two Porta guese sailors talking in their native lan- ' guage. He could not speak that lan- * guage, but it was near enough to Spanish to permit him to glean tbe meaniug, and that was that they had broken o]-en one of tho boxes belonging to George aud bad found that lt was full of gold And silver, ' and they were planning how they could \ manage to steal it and fill the space with j old iron or something else that would con- ] teal tbeir crime. In the morning George asked the cap- i tain to let him bring one of bis boxes into his room, as he had need of it, and he and Maxwell went down In the bold and brought it up themselves, pretending not to notice that it had been opened, and they put it in tbeir stateroom. As soon as the Portuguese discovered that the box was gone they atonce seemed to feel that tbey had been wronged, and they swore vengeanoe, but for a few dnyt nothing was 'done, openly, at least, but ^George noticed that, ope by one, the en tire crew seemed to grow smkyf-etid to do their duty in a defiant, tuiwilUng manner; 'Still he did not feel it his d rity to«p6*k'iol :it to the captain. He afterward often wished be had. j CHAPTER EE. i The brig Absolute sailed along well and would soon be opposite Monterey, where &he; had been once before to take Ln a : cargo of hides and tallow. Two of the . 1 sailors now on board had been with Capt. Wilson on that trip, and knew well their . whereabouts, and . they talked '. among ? themselves more than ever at; night 'ana ? when they were off watch, and bad any ibody paid attention to their manners tbey . would have suspected theim of plots to rob George and Maxwell and to capture the ship. At last one night, just as the captain ' had gone below to sleep, and there was but the first mate on deck, tor the second ' mate had been quite sick for several days, the sailors all gathered on deck in the shadow of the galley, and with a few whispered words glided aft, and in two seconds had struck the mate .Benseless with a handspike, and then they tied him securely hand ana foot. Then a dozen of them crept softly down Into tbe cabin with bare feet and to the 1 captain's stateroom. They all but one . stood so as to be behind the door as it opened, and this one then knocked at the door softly. The captain opened it instantly and asked what was wanting. ; The man answered in a whisper: i 'The mate wants you up, sir, at once.' J - The captain, completely deceived, start ed at. once, fearing some disaster; but as : ho stepped outside his door he wns in stantly felled- -to -the floor- .and. carried helplessly on deck, where he was tied as securely as the mate and left lying beside him to recover consciousness or die, as it might happen. Then the mutinous sailors returned to ' the cabin, and, using the same tactics, tried to entice George and Maxwell out; ' but Georgo bad heard their steps as they carried the senseless captain up the com paulonway, and he seized a cutlass And determined to at least sell his life dearly if that was what they wanted. Like a flash the whole thing became clear to his mind, and he knew that the sailors were I there with the intention of robbing him of his treasure. Boy like, he would willingly have divided with them all, but he did not like the idea of being robbed of it Ho roused Maxwell and told him his sus picions that all was not right, and they hurriedly dressed, while the men at the door seemed to be consulting together. Finally the men seemed to have decided, for one of them spoke, knocking a second time. 'Tbe captain wants yon on deck, sirs; ? there's a fire in the hold. 1 ' 'We'll be there when we Emell the smoke,' said Maxwell. ?( 'You'll smell smoke soon enough then; by g ? 1' cried Baxter, one of the | sailors, who was known, and feared, too, for his quick temper. 'You'd better let us know what you want, and then we'll see about coming out,*' said George calmly, all tbe while testing the strength of the cutlass ho held. Maxwell bad no arms whatever, and there was absolutely nothing, that he could use as such, and eo George and he were at the mercy of thirty muscular and murderous men. 'Well, .then, if you want to know, it is just t.Mfl 'ere way. Vou' and the captain and the mates is all to be put in the long boat with two days' grub and water aud We take command of the ship. The cap tain and the mates is on dcek all ready ; for tbeir trip and if you behave yourself you can go with them; if not, well, we can take you with us or leave you where we found you, in the middle of the ocean. If you come out peaceably all right; if not you take the cousequences.' ''George,' said Maxwell in a whisper, ('it's my opinion we'd better do as they say. There's too many odds, and it's tho money they want. It's pirates' blood money, anyway, and wouldn't never havo been no good to us, so I tfrinV we'd better give it up.' George reflected a moment and then said: 'Will you toll mo what your object is tn treating us so?' ♦'Wo wanta the mono,' said one of the Portuguese. 'Well, come and take it then,11 shouWd George, angrily.. ' . With that they seized the handle of the door, and with one jerk it flew open and George raised his 'xutlass, and Max squared off with his 'fists, but the state room was so small aiid the number of bis assailants so large that all they could do ?proved, fruitless, and George and Max were both seized and carried like bags of .cotton up tho companion way, and th$i they were , tied and set down beside the captain and mate, who were just begin ning to show signs of returning conscious ness. In a few minutes more the sick second mate was on deck, and then' the men be gan to lower the long boat, and in it they placed a keg of water and some provision, a sail and compass and the oars, then the ; three helpless officers were laid in the bot- : tnm| not ungently, and the boat carefully 1 lowered to the water. Then Maxwell was untied and told to go down, which he did, and George followed with what alacrity he could; and^they were then ordered to -4castofiL' ' In a few seconds more the brig Abso lute went about and wore off and on due west, leaving the five men abamdoned in ' the middle of the ocean and In the middle ? of the night. George « Maxwell untied the captain ? and mate and tried to rouse them by chaf ing their hands and moistening their faces, but It was not until the dawn showed gray in tho eky that they became con scious of their condition. The sick mate seemed to rally, and in the course of the day to sit up and eat a little, but the captain and first officer . complained of terrible headaches. I 'gJThe captain seemed fcwrtbrokfin at faM disaster, and moaned something about his wife and children from time to time, and though their situation was anything but pleasant Maxwell tried to put a good face 'What Is tbe use of crying over spilt mllkF' said he; 'we have all lost every thing we had but our lives, nnd what as tonishes me Is that them fellers had grace enough to let us go with our heads. We can't be more than two days' sail from land, and with this 'ere trade wind and at this season we're pretty sure to make it. They've gin us enough grub to last us, and water, so we might bo wus off. We've seen rougher times thu, hain't , we, George?' | Oeorge and Max were both eeieed and ear ned up the companion way. 'Wo have, indeed,' replied George; 'so cheer up, captain; perhaps inatlcre won't 1 be so bad ' us you think when we teach land. You enn count on my doing all In my power to repay you for your loss.' 'I know that, but they have robbed you, too.' ' 'Well, who knows what may turn up for us? The principal thing is to roach land,' said George, sorely tempted to t-cll the captain of tbe jewels that he carried in his bosom, but he thought, 'Win knows what be might dof So I'll say nothing until wo reach land.' All this day and the night, too, they sailed due east as near ns was possible on account of the wlad, which set toward the northward, hoping to make Snn Diogo bny. Failing iu that, they intended 10 skirt tho coast nnd make tho Hn-t port they cnuie to, if they were not picked up by some steamer, but though they looked night and day no sign of nuy readied them aud lt was not until tlie afternoon of the third day that land wus sighted. The greater part of the lubor of bailing the boat came upon George and Maxwell, for all three of the others seemed almost overcome with chagrin, pain aud the dis couragement at their helpless condition, for they were about to land in a strange place, iicnniless and unknown. By great good fortune Maxwell Imp. peued to have in his capacious pockcis some twenty Spanish doubloons, which lie placed there for the pleasure of feelin;; them And hearing them jingle, and that gave him courage. All night long they sailed, following their course by the light of the stars. They had no moon nor any light by wliich tlu-y could see the compass, nnd they longed for daylight, which seemed to lingt'r unwarrantably, and the night passed in almost complete silence, for George nnd Maxwell were nearly spent with fatigue mid lack of sleep. WJieu daylight appeared the poor men iu the long boat set up a lusty cheer, for there, not over two miles away, was land, und as near as the captain could make it out, it was the entrance to San Diego bay; aud while they ate a few biscuits they rapidly approached and found their sur mises correct, and never did land look so beautiful before to mortal as it did to ?George. Naturally the rest of them were also glad, but George had been so long I away, despairing for so long of ever be holding his native laud again, and think ing that thus Starling, that monster of in iquity, would pass unpunished, that now he bad double cause for rejoicing. . At daybreak they bad sighted land, and at 10 o'clock they stepped on shore in San Diego aud walked in a sad little procession up to Horton's hotel, where their spirits were somewhat revived by a bountiful breakfast, which Maxwell paid for in money long out' ot 4ate and ..unknown; still, under the circumstances, it passed current.' . 1 , Tlie next day a steamer was to sail for' San Francisco and tbe five castaways en gaged passage on her, and went on bonrd that night. The long boat was sold for enough to pay for tbe three ship's ofUccrs, nnd Maxwell and George paid In the old Spanish coin, which, being gold, is good for its weight anywhere. I11 the morning the steamer sailed, and George felt his heart rise at the prospect of landing in a great city like Snn Fran cisco, where he could Bell the jewels and set the poor captain's mind free from anxiety. Perhaps he misjudged the value of the jewels; what then!' Ah, but be would not think of thnt, as Maxwell said, 'It's enough to cry to-morrow for tomor row's troubles,' and so be tried to argue himself into quiet again. On the steamer wus a man toward whom George felt a strong attraction, and it seemed Hint the sentimeut was mutual. At auy rate they made each other's ac quaintance, aud when the man, whose name was Frnuk Osborne, asked George tlie particulars of his disastrous voyage, and heard the strange and exciting tale, ho grasped George's haud, saying: 'And now, what do you propose to dof What are your plaus for the fuiuref Shall you go to sea again?' George had not told him of the reason of his going to sea at first, and of course he knew nothing of the man's object. '1 don't know yet what I shall do,' said George. 'Of course, the first thing is to gcr something to do to earn a living for myself and Maxwell. I've had all the eea 1 want, and I have no plans other than that 1 want to go east in about four years. 1 have something to attend to there.' 'Well, then, suppose you and your friend, who seems a brave fellow, go bnck with me to my ranch when we have fin ished our business up to 'Frisco. I've got two ranges there — one cattlc, tlie other sheep— aud I will pay you f 25 a month each and furnish your board, lodging and passage from here to there; and I'll let you have money enough to get you an out fit of suitable clothes. What do you say?' 'I will go there for four years if Max consents and you think w* can do what you want.' 'I know you can; and I like you well enough to teach you. The old man need not do much; just potter around; but I should expect full work from you. Can you ride horseback?' A sudden sob rose in George's throat as he thought of lus pretty pony that he had ridden in the old days, when his mother was alive, aud he almost saw her as she used to look at liim, with oyes full of mother love and pride. How changed it all was now. It was a full minute before George eould command himself sufficient ly to answer: 'I used to.' _ ? ? ? ? ? 'Well, you can now, then, for that Is something one never forgets.' Maxwell was, of course, willing to go wherever George wished to go, and be was greatly touched at George's consider ation, and tbe whole affair was settled in a short time, so when the steamer sailed in the Golden Gate and up to her dock George did not feel so desolate nor alone in a strange place as he had thought he should. The whole party went to the same hotel, where the ranch ero insisted upon assum ing the expense. When, the next day after their arrival, the unfortunate captain and his mates were discussing their position George pro duced his package of jewels and told them that whatever they might briug was to be divided between them, one half to tbe captain^ and the remainder between tho Explanations followed, and finally the captain was prevailed upon to accept one fourth on condition that George kept the Other fourth for himself nnd Max. Georgo felt that it was bis fault, indirectly at least, that ttiis crushing disaster had fallen upon the captain 'That is in a measure true,' said the captain, 'but I was overconfident. 1 should have watched the men closer. These gentlemen can get other ships as mntca, for they were not responsible, but my ca reer is ended. 1 can never command an other ship, for where Is the owner who would trust me with his vessel when he knew that I could not govern the one I naa? ao, ooys, there is nothing for me now but to go home and sit by the fire nil the rest of my life, for I could never pliip under auy one else. But I cannot feel that it is right or honest to take this lad's sole sustenance.' 'Don't you fret,' said Osborne, with a siispiclous moisture in his bright, keen eyes. 'I adopt this voungster. I do, bv jingo, for he's worth it. 1 um so rich, bv j jingo, that I can't count my mom-y, unll ! he'll never need anything ah long ns ] . live; no, nor when I ile, Hiher. As to them shiny atones, wcT all go down tn Tucker's aud get his apsay on tlu-in. ami then I'll buy them myself, for I've pit a sister somewhere awav down east, ami when George goes there I'll seud tlu-ui ti ller. ' So they all wont to Tucker's, nr 1 tlx bead man examined the i-toui's criiicallv aud valued them nt £4U,HCH). It took the ranchero smrcely ten min xes to complete the bargain, and a- sum as they could reueh the hank the unfor tunate captain wns in jiossesslon of ten thousand and the two miitos of ns iihk-I each, and there wns tbe Mime for Oi-m who wished to ttill persuade the ciipi.iii to take that niso. Hut the enptain xii-l with grateful emotiou: 'Yna mv i.obh and generous, but not only du you nw-- j to yourself to keep it, but also tov.in friend and companion in troubles. IU- i not young and is disabled.' 'You are right.' said (ieorge: 'y --n i-i right, nnd I uitghl lo l-e a.«hnnicd of t;;1ui:: it nil upon myself. He owus just- as miu-i of this as J da.' 'No 1 don't, George, 110 I don't. 1 v.;. going to throw them down for nu ? ? wheu you said you know them w;. dhnints and rubies nnd suchlike. Van you'd seen your mother wrar — J imc.m you knew what they wns nml I dMn'1 and that's all there isnbout it. and ir the? was mine I'd a done the same tiling vol hnve with cm, least-n-wisc if 1 could. Su. saptain, sir, you are welcome, and if vim won't take it for yourtself, why, Uoorg'e, 1 move wo give it to his bnbbies.' Never was there so strange a dispute as this, and it wns finally settled as Maxwell said, only that they fcrpt two tlKiu.-aixJ dollars for any cmergoncy, und 1]k- pom captain then told them thnt, after liavinu* made his report it hud been his firm in tention to blow bis brains out, a« he eonh' never face his family nor tbe owner nf tin ship again, but now he could nt. h-nsi assure quiet peace for the rest of his lifi it is wim regret umt we stnt»! ttuit Maxwell and the two mutes in drjukinu healths to George took abonrd a little more than was good for them, nnd got drunk as lords, and had to be condiicteii to tbe hotel in a cab; but be never did sn again, and, like Uncle Toby's oath, tliis little slip from the path of rectitude wa? undoubtedly forgiven. Two weeks sufficed Mr. Osborne tc 'conclude all his business, nnd Ihcu Ccor.^c and Maxwell started with liim fur 1.' rpnch in Lower California, which tln j reached in snfety, nnd there passed thr--- more years of life for George nnd Max well — years of active outdoor life, healthy and manly— and nt tbeir ainclusiou (jcorirt was a man, tall, like his father; Jitlir. handsome, browned by the sun nnd wind, but with all his mother's beauty of eyes, forehead, teeth and curly brown hair. Spanish wns ns familiar as KnglMi to him; and his keen, sound judgment. Joined to undctiinble courage, and gentle ness to his inferiors, rendered him tin right inun for the right place, nud gener ally the owner of the rauches left tin management to George until now lie wa: virtual owner. Maxwell wus happy. lie had written to his sister nud sent her money, and 111 return heard that he hnd been supposed i dead and that her youngest buy \\\a ! named for hitu, 'but I'm blessed if 1 know what the little shaver's inline is. Tbey call me Pug, but 1 know that ain't the name myninmmy gnvo me, and it's so long since I've hoard my own name that I'm blowed if I don't teetotally forget it.' The lime was now ripe for George u carry out the great purpose of liis life and bring that assassin to justice. CHAPTER X. Oue day, ns George 011 his fiery nnM.me pony was riding along the range, getting together the cattle, ns thennnunl ennntiiiL and branding was ubout to take jiiaee. his pony stopped short und made signs of un easiness, and George thought to himself: 'I'll bet there are Indians about.'' H111 the tnost careful pcnreii failed to re\oal any. Ho demounted nud looked for ti I trace or trail, but still there was no sign, when n low moan fell upon his esirs, and be followed tlie direction from ivin- ni e the Bound came and in n few moment- eanu to a man lying unconscious in therms.-. George tried to rouse him, but for a long time without hueccss. Ho poured wnti-i from his cautcou into his hand and sprinkled the pale, emaciated face, and )-?! a few drops trickle into the month, whirl, looked dry and parched, and this s.n.:i caused the man to open his oyes, ami afterward to rally enough to whi^nT: 'More, for God's sake.' George gave him 111010 by degrees nut II the poor wrotch revived enough to talk and tell who he was? 'I started out to get to Snn l)i««gn. u reach a conb'.wisc steamer and u'ri. up i' 'Frisco, but I got lost and have been fnr;r days without water or food.' 'Well, you must try and get 'ii my borscand 1 will take you to ihe ranch, and then you can go 011 when you go: stronger;' aud with considerable eil- rt the man, aided by George, got on the horse, and they went back to tho camp, where Maxwell undertook tbe cure of the exhausted man, while George returned to bis duty again; but pomejiow he c&old; jdbt help thinking that he , had seen thavmpi aud'heard that volcc before bnt whaTe trtr could not tell. But lh some IndfeflnWIe ' way the recollection was connected with an unpleasant feeling./' ' Several days pueed. and the ettanger remained a welcome .jgae&t; at the . and he began to'-ieoupe^te. bnt he'hifa ' an unfortunate fohfiness.£or'ii£uor wKlbh be could hardly overcome even enough for decency's sake wHile'a Jguest iat tiTfa . hospitable ran'oh. Every possible eXcu&6 ' he would make to persuade Maxwell to let him bare' a little of the liquor thit they kept on hand to be used only in cMcs of great emergency, but . one day hs j^ot a chance when Maxwell was away apdhs filled a canteen from' the kpg In the' store room and went off fey himself and drank it, and was soon as drunk as he could be and walk. . George had always had a peculiar feel ing toward this man, and he was always under the influence of a sensation as if ho was searcbiug to recall a dream or vision, which in some way connected tht* tn»w and himself, but always without avail until this day, when he retained from a long trip after 'rounding up.' Tbe owner o( the ranch had ar- rangements to build a number of sheds to shield his sheep, and the lumber was arriving in large quantities and was piled up in several places. As George rode along his thoughts went back tovmd the day when ho sat crouched. In the lumber yard near the river and beard the conver sation between Starling and Randall which had decided his own fate. Just at this instant the man he bad XMCued staggered into sight and in a second George recognised him as Randall, the engineer. The association of Ideas had brought alwut this recognition. The man slunk bnck ns soon as he could. AjmI George wns afraid now to let him escape from his sight, and he sprang from his pony nnd followed the manr wbohBd given the name of John Samuels to George and his e.nploj or. George's heart beat to suffocation as he followed the wretch, and he was undeci ded how to act. Finally ho thought: 'The best thing I can do is to let cir cumstances decide for me. If be does not . know me (aud how should be!? I will get him back to the ranch, and then I will tell the whole story to Mr. Osbome, and let him and Max advise me. But I will uever let him go.' So George weut to where Ttwtninii had nlrendy falleu into an uneasy slumber, nnd roused him aud made liim go back with him to the rnnch, telling him that he ought not to expose himself that way aiming new luml-er, for he certainly would gel bitten by a tarantula or centi pede, nud at lust he managed to get him -ark, when he wns put to bed, nnd a young ^lexicon was stationed at the door to prevent his escape. Then Georgo called Mr. Osborne and Maxwell and snid: 'I warn to s]-onk lo you both onamost important matter, and I want to bo alouo with you both.' 'If it's the gold mine up on the sheep walk, I know all about it already,' said Mr. Osborne. 'No, it is not, but I beg your attention nil tbe same, Ihougli this is a mnltcr which concerns only myself. You know, Mux, but 1 must begin at the beginning thnt you may bo able to understand, Mr. Oaljorne;' nnd then George told the whole story of his certainty of his father and mother's foul murders, and of the plan to take his own life, of his es cajic nnd intention to bring the murderer to justice; nud then lie told them that the drunken wretch in yonder knew and had wintered the crime. When this was all told George took his precious bag from around his neck nud showed it to Mr. Osborne with the faded portraits, and the purse with his grandfather's name iu it. and the nierccd niece. When Sir. Osborne took the two pictures iu his jand he turned pale ns if death had -eizod him, nud then when be read tlie name in the purse and took the money In Ills band, he burst into tears, and heavy ?-nhs shook his fruuie. After a while he managed to gain calm enough to say brokenly: 'George, Mary Morris, yonr mother, was my lielovcd sister, and yonr grand- ? father is my father, nnd you are my nephew. 1 ran away from home Ijccouso father, who was very strict-, whipped me severely for a fault which I did not do, and whirh was wrongfully laid to me, and I wandered oil and made all ovor the world. My sister wns just married to your father then. I cnllcd myself Frank Osl»onio. leaving off the Morris. At last I drifted here nnd settled down and I got rich with my cattle in spite of myself, aud I nlwuys intended to go back to my folks some day. Those jewels I bought for your mother, George, and now I know why I took to you so — you look just like her.' Here he held out his arms, and George threw himself on thnt broad heart with a new fueling of comfort und connotation he hnd never experienced since his double lot-s. As for Maxwell, he smoked furious ly, and pretended that it was the smoke thnt- had got into his eyes. 'What you want to do now, George,' said Maxwell, 'is to tell this feller who you are, nud that you know he wns a ex sesRcry afore the fact, us they call it in courts, nnd if he don't offer to give his dnvy in evidcuce, and that ar paper, wliat ever it is, if so bo as he's relly got one, why you'd better offer to buy it of him. We'in a iotic ways olf, and it's my opinion he's ouc one of them kind as likes whisky so well 'et he'd sell his own head to get it. What do you say, Mr. Osborne?' 'I think you are right, Max, and as soon ns he sobers up we'll try 1dm.' 'lie won't get no more chance at that kng nirin,' snys Max, firmly. 'Hut say, wouldn't it be a good plan to search him nud sec if he's got that pnper he spoke of? lt belongs to George of light, anyhow, if he bits, nud as we're bo fur from a court, let's constitute ourselves into oue, nnd try and recover George's stolen property.' 'I think he's right, George, and we'll do it.' The throe then went to tho room where the drunken brute lay asleep, and In a short time they found a package of papers tied up securely in an oilsilk wrappiug, nnd this they took awny to examine. In it tlicy found several lettcre, one or two without 6iguature, and which 6poke of inclosurcs of money, and complaining of what lie called this man's exigencies, nud snying each time that that was the last money he would ever seud. George thought these must be from Starling. There were two or three from come ona else, who signed his name Jim, and in those were u complete history of Starling's actions, and they showed that the writer lived near Sturling, and watched his every movement. One of them said: 'When the little shaver ran away there was u terrible hullnbalioo for a while, and j it seemed as though Starling would raise | the dead to find htm, but ho never has been fonud. Starliug completely hood I winked the old man Morris, and be finally I went home, and Starling dare not touch the boy te inpney, bb he conld have done U he )could Lave kept Mm in bis own do^jhes oxlayo pnthlm out of the way. Of oonxse lie has all the Insurance money, and alMhe tool's property is in his hands, bat' what' enrages him is that ho cannot realize .it end leave hete. He has been tnarrled^now . four yeaxs and has two clill dreft, the'. oldest a boy and the other a girLand he Jt ist worshlc® them, but he doiyt treat his wife vrrll.' She woe that Adifawi is very 'rich In her own right. ,3nt. Starling is.xleh, rospectcd, iwftfHnrift 'ajid prosperous, wUle yon, ac MtoJog'to your story, don't^kve enough tollyeon. Td make nlm shell out, for he is jfcist rolling lniiches and is on the top of the heap. Theife is talk of running hini for niaror .next faH.' ctc. XTo Be continued). 