NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hunt. Freaks. Skating. Jensen's. Lacrosse. Football. Hudson's. "Sophia." Strasburg clock. Souths v. Ports. Hopkins's little Bill. Norwood v. Adelaide. Freak matinee to-day. Axles board appointed. Big nugget in Victoria. Ouda going to the rink. Libel case dragging out. Rowdyism at St. Peters. Silver market left off flat. St. John's Mission bazaar. Buchanan's beautiful play. Some brokers will get left. Servia arming for the fray. Miss St. John this evening. Another "Ripper" outrage. Parachute performer killed. A big storm in Queensland. Suspicious fire at Goodwood. "Our Boys" next Thursday. Special mail train last night. A death sentence in Sydney. Jenkins's ghost writing to us. Adelaide Rowing Club again, Five experts to fix an axle test. Inspector Hubbe has returned. Storm and flood in Queensland. The River Murray is still rising. "Jo-Jo" and other freaks again. No-confidence motion in Hobart. New composing machine invented. Burglaries still going on in Sydney. New programme at Garner's Rooms. St. Peters wants police protection. Neatly all the original cast to-night. "Jack the Ripper's" victim escapes. Special mail train to-morrow midday. Bonus certificates A.M.P.S., £37,000. A protection policy urged for Hobart. Cheers for the new battalion at Unley. Plenty of petitions to the new Ministry. Jensen's Congress of Cabalistic Wonders. Curlew Island shells taken to Port Pirie. Now, all you single women, go to Sydney. Murray River country is looking splendid. Another breach of promise case in Sydney. Lord Kintore cannot visit Port Pirie show. Petersburg going to consider Barrier trade. Two Mount Moor directors arrived from the mine. Country members' party formed in the House. Shearers urged to use moral suasion at Orroroo. Riverton dairy committee resolved to start operations. Bank defaulter Thompson remanded to Yarra Flat. London Jockey Club cancelled Sherrard's license to train. Secretary of British Embassy at Constan- tinople missing, Some of Maskelyne and Cook's illusions at the Town Hall. Sydney women will take heart of grace by recent decisions. Victorian unemployed desire to be heard at bar of Assembly. Murderer of Constable Sutherland con- demned to death. West Torrens wants help in repairing damage by floods. English Liberals opposing West Australian Constitutional Bill. Civil Service Commission have reported otf Crown Solicitorship. Home Secretary Matthews refuses reward for Whitechapel murderer. New York is to have a full length statue of Dickens, to be executed probably by Prince Hohenlohe. A smart secretary advertised the rowing club's concert for next Thursday and left out "Our Boys." The number of immigrants who left Ireland during the quarter ended 31st March was 10,567, being upwards of 2,000 more than in the corresponding quarter last year, and over 132 over the average for the first quarter of the past 10 years. When the Paris Exhibition is over the Ar- gentine pavilion, which measures 70 metres in length by 25 metres wide, and has cost 1,400,000 francs, will be taken to bits and transported to Buenos Ayres, there to be remounted as an exhibition hall. A dreadful accident occurred recently on the St. Petersburg-Warsaw ?line?, when one of the international sleeping cars, whilst passing between the stations of Ve?ack and Bezdau, caught fire, two of its occupants, a nurse and the child of a Russian colonel being burnt to death before assistance could be rendered. Among the many arrangements which are being made for the amusement of Parisians and visitors during the Exhibition period is launch- iog into the air of upwards of 100,000 pigeons at the beginning of August. It is calculated that 3,000 large hampers or cages will be required for the transport of all these feathered mes- sengers, which are to be let loose on a given signal at the same moment in the garden re- cently laid out on the site of the Tuileries Palace. The pickpockets are active at the Paris Ex- hibition. The day's spoil found on one light- fingered artist consisted of four purses, six entrance tickets, a red handkerchief, a white veil, a tobacco pouch, a button-hook, a match- box with keys, and 10 francs in gold, besides various foreign moneys. His wife had secured a brooch, a pair of earrings, seven gold rings, a leathern bracelet containing a watch, 49 francs, a purse with 47 francs, and over £3 of English money. Discovery has been made of extensive Cus- tom-House frauds in Paris, in which are im- plicated several persons of official position. The frauds were committed by a regularly organised association, the chief of which has not at present been caught. Papers found at the house of one of the Customs officers ar- rested furnished the police with valuable in- formation, acting upon which they arrested art attaché to the Under-Secretaryship of State for the Colonies. Large quantities of cigars were found at his house, besides compromising papers. The attaché is now in prison. NOTEWORTHY SAYINGS. To look back is to go back. Memory is the fuel of remorse. Wit's nought till its dear bought. Temper is nine-tenths of Christianity. Kindness, like grain, increases by growing. The tongue cuts where the teeth cannot bite. The pavement of life is strewn with orange peel. I were but little happy if I could say how much. We should be best loved where we are best known. Stiff necks are always surmounted by weak heads. Sugared words generally prove bitter.— Portuguese Proverb. Many love to praise right and do wrong.— Burmese Proverb. That which injures the temper seldom im- proves the health. The king likes the treachery, but not the traitor.—Spanish Proverb. Many have too much, but none have enough. —Danish Proverb. A word and a stone once launched cannot be recalled.—Russian Proverb. The tongue is like a racehorse, that runs the swifter the less weight it carries. You may shut your doors against a thief, but not against a liar.—Gaelic Proverb. "Cramming"—a species of feeding neither preceded by appetite nor followed by diges- tion. When any calamity has been suffered, the first thing to be remembered is how much has been escaped. A lady once remarked that "carelessness was little better than a halfway house between acci- dent and design." The man who threatens the world is always ridiculous; for the world can easily go on without him, and in a short time cease to miss him.—Johnson. Every man is to himself what Plato calls the Great Year. He has his sowing time and his growing time, his weeding time, his irrigating, and his harvest. The principles and ideas he puts into his mind in youth lie there, it may be for years, apparently unprolific. But nothing dies; there is a process going on unseen, and by the touch of circumstances the man springs forth into strength, he knows not why, as if by a miracle; but, after all, he only reaps as he had sown.—J. A. St. John. 