THE TRAGEDY. Qanqnquo ipn mniserrima ldl.-Vsnut. CA uEnreN of Cleves was a Lady of rank : She had lands and fine houses, and cash in the She Lad jewels and rings, And a thousand smart things ; Was lovely andyoung, With a ratherahnrp tongue, And she wedded a Noble of high degree With the star of the order of St. E/sprit; But the Duke do Guise Was, by many degrees, Her penior, apnt not very masy to plque i He'd a sneer on his lip, and scowl with hiis eye, r And a frown on his brow- and he look'd like a Cuy, So tshe took to intriguing With Meoniur St. Megrin, \- A young man of fashion, and fi?gyg, and, Sworth, is But with no great Freltnsions to fohtitno, oq Shirth; r lie would siup, fence, and dance, Withe,tle best mtan in Franc',; And toyk tisrnppeo woittLgenteel neolchalance:. t, fi etmildw, and he flttet'J, and-i. llrtsd .with I Audi was very superior to Monaeigneur de Guise. Now Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to e know it If the Lady approved of his pasesion or no So without more ado, He put on his mar s ftout, it And went to a man with a beard like a Jew. il One Signor ullggiesi, A Cunning-man near, he "e Could conjure, tell fortunes, nod calculate e tides, a. Perform tricks on the. cards, and Heaven. eo knows what besidee, d Bring b.ack a sttay'd cow, ailve ladle, or s And was thought to be thick with the Man in n the Moon. Tire S.,ge took his stand With his wand in his hand, r: Drew a circle, then gave the dread word of cimmnud, Saying soletmnly-" Prestol - Hey, qutick! Cock.a.lorumi !I" d When the Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'em. Just then a conjtnction of Venus and Mars, Or something ieculiar above in the stars, d Attracted the notice of Signor Ruggieri, Who "bolted," and left him alone with his deary. Monsieur St. 3Megrin went down on Lis knere, And the Duchess abhed tears large as mar S "w-fiat pens, When-fancy the shock- A loud double knock, uMade the Lady cry, 'Get up, you foal! d there'a Do uie! " s 'Twan his Grace, sunre enough; So Mon sieur, looking bluff Se Strutted by, with his hat nor, and foggting his d ruff, Whilb, unseen by either, away flew the Dame Through the opposite key- hole, the same way she came; n But, alack I and alas! A mishap came to In her hurry she, somehow or other, let fall A tonew silk Bandana she'd worn as a shawl; She had used it for drying Her bright eyes f while crying, And bluoing her nose, as her Beau talk'd of y dying I Now the Duke, whhad seen it so lately adorn e her, And knew the great C with the Crown in the corner ; The instant he spied it, smoked something amiss, And said, with some energy, "D- itl! what's this ? " H1e went home in a fume, And bounced. into her room, Crying, "So, Madam, I find I've some cause to be jealous ; 0e Look here !-here's a proof you run alter the fellows ! i -Now take up that pen-if it's bad choose a e better And write, as I dictate, this moeutnt a latter a To Monsieur-yott know who I" The Lady a looked blue; But replied with much firmness-" Hang me if I do!" d Do Guise grasped her wrist With his great bony fist, d And pinch'd it, and gave it so painful a twist, r' That his hard, iron gauntlet the flesh went an inch in n She did not mind death, but she could not stand pinching; t So she sat down and wrote This polite little note : 'If t, "De.r Mister St. Megrin, The chiefs of w the League in g, Our house mean to dine This evening at it nine; -a I shell, eoos after ten, Slip away from the to muen. to And you'il,find me upstairs in the drawing in room then ; Come up the back way or these impudent thieves Of servants will see you; Yours COarutLEt OF CLEVES." tp of She directeu .gansd sealed it, all pale as a ghost, And Do Guitao.ut it into the Twopenny Post. ,if St. Megris had almust jumped out of his skin sie For joy that dia ashen the post came in ; is, reamd th? nptoe through, Then began it ag anew., as And tlo .?t it almost too good news to be rt true.-, 1t He cdpp'd on is hat And a hood over a thot, e. With a l oak to disguise him, and make him ce So. great baeig.patieuce, from half after four, ee .?Was ?otighg till Ten at Do Ouiso' back dil door. When he hiesed the great clock o, St. gene Id eose ishchine er $e ana up the back staircase six steps at a e. time; Ie. had' scarce made his bow, eo hardly in knew. how. S When aas ! eand nack ! There was no se getting back, Io For the dfawisng-room door was pang'dtowith Id a whack k; S In vain he applied To the handle and trie, Somebody or other had locked it outside I h And the Duchess in agony mouinqd her mis s hap, "We" ae caught like a couple of rats in a e trap,." Now the Duchess's Page, About twelve S'ears tof age, SFor so little a boy was remarkably s?go; And just in the nick, to their joy and amaze ment, r Popp'd the Gas lighlttr' ladder close under the casement. Bit all would' not do-Though St. Iegrio d got thlrough The window-below stood De Guise and hi crew, d lAnd shosgh never man was more brave than k St. Megrin, Yet fighting a score is extremely fitiguing; He thrust carte and ticrcc. Uncommotily fierce, SBut not Belzobub's sell could their Cuirassea pierce; While his doublet andl hose, eing holiday clothes, Were soon cut through and through from his t kntees to his nose; Still an old crooked saixpence the Conjuror gavne him, From pistol and sword wv s suficient to snve hhim .. But when beat on his kneen, That con. founded De fuise Came behind with the e Iogle" that caused all this breeze, I Whippi'd it tight round his neck, and when Sbackward he'd jerk'd him, The rest of thq rascals jump'd on him and B?rk'd him. " The pibor lititloe Page, too, himself got no qnuarter, but Was served the same way, And was found I the next day .... With his heels in the air, and his head in the t Swater-butt; r Catherine of Cleves Roar'd "l urderl " and ' Thievres I" From the window above While they mur. der'd herlove; " Till, sfinding the rogues had accompIlished his slaughter, . She drank Prussie acid without any water, And died like a Duke.and(a.Duchess's daugh. I "teil P MOIIAL. Take warning, ye fair, from this tale of the Bnrd',, " And don't go where fortunes aroetld on the cards i .th But steer clear of COjurors-t-never put query To "Wise Mrs, Williams,!' or ftlks like IRugieri. WVhen lonto in your room shut the door close, and lockit'; Above all-t-KtF YOIU IANDKEnCHIEF SAFg IN coun roctrrr! h Lest you too should taiumble, and Lord Lenae I son Bower, he Be cal'd on--nsad poet!-t? tell your sad L story I hl Te safe conservatism which never moves C, lest it fail, I abhor; it is the dry-rot in the church, and my heart goes out to tho man who lo never tolerated it in his calculations. Safe conservatism would hare left the apostles in Paletine, og A 1p 