RECEPTION OP BISHOP Montgomery . . : HOBAKT. Oct. 28. , .The .recopjiion of Bishop. 'Montgomery took place in, tha Synod' .Hall tKis'. after noon. .'JL'nV room .'was vory tastefully dopo rated.vrith a wealth of flowora and berries. There was a large asaamblage of ladies and gentlem«n. clerical and lay. Avnono-gt tlin lnsf.-nnmnrl were tho hon. P. O. Fvsh. Sir Lambert Bobson, Mr. Justice Adams, the Mayor, and- come members of. the Legislature. A light refection having been partaken of, the Bishop, Archdeacon Hales, and Sir Lambert Dobson ascended the ' dais, and Arnhdeaeon Hales, addressing Bishop Montgomery, bade him welcome in tha ; name of the Tasmanian diocese. He said tho Bishop had coma to a. beautiful country, to a;place where he would-fitid very many attached and devoted members of the Church, , but -1 so a -plane where he would meet with, difficulties with which, however, ha -would doubtleas deal with Christian temperance and in a Christian sjirit. This was a laud where the Church stood in a totally different position from that of our, fathers. There wa» here no Established Cbaroh., TVhether this' was an advantage or not'Ko' (the Archdeaeiri) would not now discuss, but' at any rate here the Chuteh enjoyed absoluta freedom. Shs . had no manacles ' except those imposed by the Legislature at her aorn rannpat;. n.nrl «li a had the undisturbed right'of dealing -with her own affairs. He had had experience of the dioceses of this eolony, of Victoria, and New South Wales, and could say that the strongest feelings of attachment to the Church were almost universal throughout them all. . Wa were in fact so attached to tho Church that we had asked Parliament to bind our hands in. many ways lest we might do anything that would break the unity of the Church. The great mass of tho people in this diocese and others wore strongly attached to the Refor mation prinoiple of their grand old.Church, and he was confident that- so long as she maintained her principle of mental liberty so long would her people retain their loyalty to her. (Applause.) Archdeacon Bales then road and pre sented the addrejs to the Bishop from the olergy of the diocese. ?.?;??? The Bishop, in replying, after a fen prefatory words, said he . hoped the people would find in him one in . sympathy, with all within the very wide limits of the Church of England. Heremembtrad that in the old country his dearest friends ware to be found members ef all possible parties in the Church. He then read his reply, which was well received. Mr, W. Tarleton, with a few appropriate introductory remarks,presented the address from the laity, congratulating his Lord ship on hiB safe arrival.and welcominghiin to Tasmania. The address concluded by assuring him that a hearty welcome will DO exranueu u jjjliu. iu.uuLguuiurjr mm family, and praying that the blessing of God may rest upon his life and labour. . The Bishop acknowledged . the address, saying he would have another opportunity to-morrow of speaking at length. He apologised for the absence of Mrs. Mont gomery, who had been- kept at home by a slight illness of one of the children. Ho read a reply. Sir Lambert Dobson said before the assemblage departed he wished to take the opportunity of. expressing thanks to one whose labours could not be overlooked. He lef erred to ArchdeaconHales— (appliusa) — the Venerable Archdeacon, who since Biahop Sandford loft had fillad the positio'n of Administrator. with zeal and ability. He for very many years had held a high position in our Church, and discharged all tbe offices with tact and enthusiasm. He moved that the thanks of the meeting be tendered to Archdsacon Hales for the manner in which he had performed the duties of Administratorship in tho absence of Bishop Sandford. ,- . Dean Dundas seconded tho motion. ? He said Archdeacon Hales had been an able Administrator, and although small tem porary difficulties sometimes had ' arisen with regard to minor, matters, such had now disappeared for ever. Ho heartily seconded the vote. (Applause.); ,.. The motion was put by the Bishop, and carried with acclamation. Archdeacon Hales, in returning thanks, said this vote had como upon him quite as a surprise/ and he felt deeply gra'eful for such kind expressions of opinion. He could conscientiously say that when'discharging the office of Administrator— a position he had had on four separate occasions — he had been actuated but by one deRire, namely, to do his duty according to the best of his feeble ability. Ho had allowed uo personal feeling or privato opinions to influence him, but had acted as his judgment guided him for tho interests of the diocese aud tho Church. (Applause.) The meeting then terminated. HOBAKT. Oct. 20. The ceremony of. the enthronement of Bishop Montgomery commenced this morn ing. Tha Cathedral was crowded in every part. The front pews were occupied by his Bxcellency.the Governor and the vice regal party, Sir, Lainbert Dobson, several', member* of tne Legislature, and the Mayor and alderman. The procession pro seeded to the south door of tha Cathedral in tha following order :— Verger,. synods- men, Cathedral Board, Church' Advocate, verger, choristers, lay' clerks, elergy, pre centor, canons. Archdeacon of Hobart, Dean, Administrator, Bishop, chaplains, ' chancellor, and registrar. The procession was preceded by a chorister bearing the processional cross. ? As they entered tbe church the hymn, ' Onward, Chrittian soldiers' was sung. The synods men took their places in seats reserved for them on the north side of the nave, the clergy in seats reserved on the south side, while the canons sat in their stalls. The Bishop was conducted to the Dean's stall, * Mil ' m ?IVmtf'.an «*i irvi/ttort in» ft t-nirA** wasi ajai/? vuu s*. buwj. wuu wv*, uiuiuiut^ ^jM.vmjm± iipiif uhiui The 'lesson (Stj.||John xxi/ v. 15 ','td end) waB read by Caiion Adatna. '.' ._ : ! ' ; . ? . ?? . ? After the-lrssonthe Bishop delivered to tho Administrator (standing in the chancel in front of the altar rails) the official docu ments of his consecration, which the Administrator handed to the chancellor to bo read by him. The Bishop then made the following declaration : — . ? ? ? ? I, Henry Hutohinson, Bishop of Tasmania, do hereby promise to respeot, maintain, and defend tho rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and dioceie, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring to show, mysrlf in all things an example to the 2 iok. And this I will do, the Lord biing my helper, Amin. The Administrator then admitted the Bishop into the occupation of the Sea and Diocese of Tasmania, and the following collect waB said by the Administrator : — O Thou|Good Shepherd of the sheep, Who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, aisist with Thy heavenly grace all biihaps and pastors that they 'may lead Thy peopla into good pastures, and biing them aafaly to Thine eternal fold.* And for this Thy.servaht who has baen Invested with the office of a Bishop, wa pray that it may pltate Thea to grant him such xtrengih of faith and fer.vour of love and purity of life that he may aie bis office (veil. ? So wo that are Thy people and tht sheep of Thy paiture will give Ttino thanks for *ver. Who with the Father and the. Holy Ghost lireit and rcignest one God. world without and. Amen. , The Dean then took the Bishop by the right hand and conducted him to the throne within the altar rails, and addressed tho Bishop as follow* : — In the pane of God, am on. By virtue of my offica as Pean of tbis Cathedral .Church, and in behalf of the Dean and Chapter, Charles Leilio Dundaf, Master of Arts, do install and enthrone thce, Henry Hutohinson Montgomery, Dootor of Divinity, iu tha posses ?ion of this Ohuroh, with all its rights, honours, and appurtenances. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this timn forth far evermore. Amen. The Te Deum was then sung, after which the Apostles' Creed was said and the anthem ' Sing, O Heavens ' was sung. The Bishop then commenced the office of the Holy Communion, there being a large ?number of communicants. The epistle was read by Canon Archer and tho Gospel by the Archdeacon of Hobart. After the Nicene Creed, the Bishop was conducted to the pulpit by his chaplain. He has a taking presence, and a clear and pleasant, though not powerful, voice. He took for his t*xt Mathew vi., 10, 'Thy kingdom come.' From these words the Bishop, who spoke from manuscript, delivered an earnest discourse of nearly twenty minutes' duration. , ' After the offertory, which is to bo de voted to the fund for the erection of a new pulpit, was taken up, tbe remainder of the ceremony was concluded, and the pro cession ra formed and returned in reverse . order, the Bishop, preceded by his chaplain bearing tho pastoral staff, following im mediately 'after the choir, who sang the recessional hymn. . - The musical arrangements were very satisfactory, there being a strong choir from the city churches, members acquitting themselves with ability. The music was in the capable hands of Messrs. Hay wood and Barnelt. 