THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. .OPEN INft SERVICE, ~ r , *he annual meeteogot the Angucan_aynoa] was formally, opener in- the Cathedra^ on Tuesday morning by special servicet: yin the, afternoon the tiraatieal work of -the Synod was beftan in the (Jhurcn umce. - : Biahop Eennicn presided, aad the pro ceedings opened with prayer. - The following members of the Synod were present :— The fievs. 0. S. Beaumont, W. G. Blackmore, Canon Dandy, D.D., T. Field, M.A., J. C. HayneB, M. A., W. S. HopcrofS, R Kenny, M.A., W. F, Marshall, J. Orcturd, B. & Stephenson, B.A., T. Ward, F. Wil liams, M.A., G. & Yoong, J. Kirkland, Richardson Reid, Very Rev. Dean Marryat, M. A. , the Rev. M. Williams, B. A., Ven. Arch deacon Fair, LL.D., the Revs. J. W. O»en, B.A..M. C. Wood,M.A.,CanonPoole,M.A., Canon Green, F. D. Maguire, Canon Andrews, H.M. Pollitt,T. Blackburn, B.A-Ven. Arch deacon Dove, M.A., the Revs. W. A. Swan, A.Honner,F. W. 8amwell,*W. H. Mudie, M. S. Moore, Canon French, M.A., E. K. Miller, J. W. Gower, G. S. Bowyear, Canon Coombs, Canon Whitington, LL.B., J. S. Wayland, Canon Howell, M.A., J. H. ?Uorvan. B.A., B. T. Craig, D.D., T. W. £wan, Archdeacon Moras, M.A., Reva. W. J. BuBBell, S. S. Moncrieff, T. Wood. J. Songhton, E. B. Webb, M.A., B. K. Yea* man, M.A., W. A. Campbell, M.A., G. S. Ives, B.A., W. Cooke, 6. E. Gibbes, Walter Ward, M.A., W. M. Teape, M.A-, J. Lumsden, M.A., P. B. P. Dodd, M.A., C. W. Hawkfas, L.T., G A. Ksnt, B.A., B. 1. Mathewa, B.A., Messrs. G. Mayo, 8. Toms, G. G. Mayo, W. H. Holmes, W. Barlow, LL.D., D. Garliak, W. 6\. n»nn»H) J. Barker, J. iL Canniighain, F. J. Blades, W. Chambers, J. White, A. J. Wright, S. Dixon, F. E, White, J. fl. Grundy, If. H. Stokes, S. Best, J. G Whar ton, A. A. Hamilton, G. W. Sillifant, F. DoswelW^ a B. Moncrieff, C. Lyons, T, Hardy, W. Ray, J. L. Simpson, w A. Connor, F. Halcomb, C. H. T. Connor, E. N. Wigg, G- E. Owen Smyth, BL E. Downer, H. J. H. Davey, F. Makin, H. M. Hawkes, J. H, Wfles, J. N. Taylor, W. D. Clare, T. S. Porter, A. Scenes, J. Salmon, W. S. Douglas, W. T Sells, U T. Hargrove, J. G. Holmea, W. Bowering, G. WiRzelL, R. Dram mend, O. Weld, W. R. Lewis, H. D. Holmes, F. W. Monsell, W. St. Clare White, G. H. Catchlove, T. Edwards, J. fl. Thornley, F. A. Grant, W. Pope, T. Williams, H. Hodgson, E. G. Black more, B. L. Tapley^E. Lovelock, J. Grundy, A. a Harley, G. W. Hawkea, H, MUdred, T. James, M.D., J. B. Shepherdson, F. All work, J. W. Caatine, J. Styles, T. Staliey, A. Boolt, R. Bntler, G. GilL Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., J. B. Legoe, a E. Stokes, F. W. Pennefather, E. Elphick. E. L. Hamilton, C. B. Young, J. Legce, J. Norton, H, Church, C.KE. Sabine, LL.B , T. E. Hamilton, S. R. Wakefield, and the Hon. S, Tomkinson, M.L.CL The Rev. Canon Whitington was appointed Reporter; the Rev. Canon Green, Clerical Secretary; and Mr. G. W. flawkes, Liy Secretary. TFT BISHOP'S ADDBESS. Bishop Restnioit delivered the following address : — My reverend brethren and brethren of the laity— The lint duty I have to discharge in addressing yon in this, oar thirty-fifth session of the Synod of this Diocese, is to officially tender my thanks to the Very fisv. the Dean of Adelaide, Vicar-General of the Diocese, for the admirable manner in which he administeied the Dioceae daring my absence in England. It is cot nec:3sary to call attention to the care and pa:is with which all the difficult work which fell to his lot last year was accomplished, for this is known to yon all ; bat I do think.we all owe him a debt of gratitude, and, speaking for mj self, I think it will be a £ain to myself, and I think it may prove a sain to as all, that with the practical experience which the Dean now has of the work of the Biahop he will be ready to give of his sympathy and assistance to the one on whom it has pleased God that the chief responsibility of ^aiding and leading the Diocese Bhould re3t. Most of my brethren of the clergy, and of the laity alio, seem to have endeavoured during my absence to make it an object of their care that I should find nothing had suffered through my absence. I most deeply value and thank God for such loyalty, and I pray God to male me more worthy of it. I desire also most warmly to thank the Biahop of Riverinafor the great kindness with which daring my absence be presided at the annual meeting of the B-saop'a Home Miaaioa Society, and also confirmed candidates forme at the Cathedral. CHANGES IH THE DIOCESE. There have been many changes in the Diocese since the last Synod was h:'d. We have to record the loss from oar ranks of the Rev. E. Jenkins, whom God has called to Himself after a long life of useful service. We shall often miss his kindly voice ard genial ways. He ia succeeded in his work at Kensington by the Rev. W. A. Swan, who was previously at Narracoorto. We are all very sorry to lose from oar midBt the Rev. A, Sells, whose clear judg ment and refined mind were a soiree of strength we can ill spare, bat he has returned to England after long service in the colony rot without sorrows, in which he had the sympathy of us all, bat with the happy recol lection that he has been a real helper in tiia work of the Church in this Diocese, and that be has won the esteem of all good men. The Rev. F. Samwell haB succeeded him at Mitcham. The Rev. F. S. T. Borrow, after serving a curacy at Glenelg, has returned to England with restored health. The Reva. M. Whitcon and J. T. Richmond have also left the Diocese since last Syaod, and are nos workirj in other parts of Australia, Their places I hope to fill by the appointment of three men who are now on their way from England, and will shortly arrive in the colony. The Rev. B. R. Taylor has resigned hia n ork in the Diocese. The Incumbency of Mount Barker, which he vacated, has been filled by the appointment of the Rev. G. J. S. Bowyear, B.A., who has done good work fcr the Home Mission Society. The Incumbency of Kapunda has been filled by the appointment of the Rev. Canon Whitington, whose zeal in the cause of miseions will, I hope, lead to that parish becoming an important centre for Church work. The Rev. P. R. P. Dodd has gone home on leave of absence, ?id the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, formerly Assistant Curate to Archdeacon Morse, has been ap pointed his locum tenens, The Rav. H. Hughes, who waa acting as locum towns a.*, Glenelg during Canon French's absence, hi? left for hia own work in Eoelard. The Rsv. H. J. Freeland, who has also gone home, has resigned the position aa my Chaplain, in which he did so much voluntary and useful work. Among the new clergy whom we welcome to the Diocese are tha Rev. C. A. Kent, M.A., who has been appointed to Laura; the Rev. W. M. Teape, B.A.. who was doing praiseworthy work In the Diocese of Durham, and offered himself for a period for work in this Diocese ; the Rav. J. Lnmsdon, whom I oida:ned Deacon at an ordination I held on behalf of the Bishop of Durham in England, These two last-named are working together in the South-East. The Rev. F. Maraton, M.A., the Rev. D. Boyar, M.A., and the Rev. Wyndham (Jlampetfc, B.A., whom we hope soon to see among us, will all, I think, be a gain to the Diocese. It ia a severe disappointment that through his having a serious illness we cannot now count on having among us the Rev, 3. Manley, a young man of brilliant promise, who, I hoped, would by this time have come to c*o the work of Theological Tutor and to be Precentor of the Cathedral. That Dr. Dendy Bhould retire from a position which he has filled for so long with such remarkable ability is a matter of deep regret to all who value the beautiful services at the Cathedral ; but we are glad to think he will still be able to occasionally preach there. Tlie part he has taken in helping to maintain the services on their present footing will not he forgotten. The late and the present Bishops' interest in the Cathedral have been happily linked together by him, Dr. Dendy will shortly become Incumbent of St. Cath berf 8, Prospect Oataide oar own Diocesan organization that which most strongly affects as as a Church is the departure from Australia of our valued Primate, Bishop Barry. I do not know that I could better express my own feelings in the matter than in the words of the address which was presented to him on his departure by the Standing Committse of Synod. Bishop Sandford'a departure for work in England is deeply to be regretted for the sake of the Church in Australia and Tas mania. In his successor it is said we have the addition to our Episcopal Bench of an able and hard-working man. The consecra tion of Archdeacon Dawea aa Bishop Coadjntor of Brisbane haa caused some questioning among members of the Church in other Dioceses. Foi my own. part when fiked for my formal conaenS, I gave it sub n to a memorandum being drawn up by the fcnateand the oficiating Biahops, to the ?w .ject that until the General Synod had con sidered and decided en the poins, the newly consecrated Coadjutor Biahop should not be entitled to a seat in the fiouse of Biahopa oi the General Synod. On ail other grounds I gave my consent gladly, and I heartily wish that for the sake of the work in this Diocese funds were at our disposal by which a aimi'ir office could be created, and so earnest and pious a man consecrated to fill it. Abbtval o?His Excellence the Goveskob. For a brief moment I advert to another address recently presented by the Standing Committee of Synod. We thought it right to formally welcome, as Her Majesty's repre sentative, the Earl of Kintore on his arrival in the colony. Our deep sense of loyalty to the throne and penon of our gracious Qaeen sufficiently prompted Buch a coarse. Bat ths manly and -Christian— attBtanueaToFHia ExeaflTOoy tfle;Q«wifoet«on wter^ocoa lioos during the~ttoort-time he ihas been' unopg us Bive 'encouraged us to hope that his;iafiaenc0 in our midst will be of great value in promoting, a high tone of character in our colony; -and the cordial respect with; which we welcomed him has already been deepened and increased. DIOCESAN STATISTICS. That our statistical returns Bhonld show a falling- off in some respects is not altogether to be wondered at whez- the absence of Borne of our clergy, the changea in the Dioceae, and the trying year through which the colony passed are taken into account. The figures are as follows :— Communicants, 5,188 ; communions made, 38,975 ; confirmed, 104 ; married, 391 ; baptized, 2,243. Sunday schools— Teachers, 926; boys, 4,487; girls, 5,227 ; total scholars, 9,714. This year ought to be one of energy and work. I shall be more than disappointed if we are unable to make such increase aa not only to recover any ground we may have lost, but by God's bleBsing possibly to advance beyond the position we previously occupied. By the kindness of the Dean I am aole to lay before you a report, which with great ability and care he has prepared for me upon the case whioh caused so much sorrow to the Diocese last year, and which will probably prove to ns what are the weak and what are the strong points in our Synodal system of jatiicature. The BiBhop then read the Dean's report on the trial.. After indicatfag the various stages of the trial, and- leading up to the pronouncing' of the sentence, Dean Marryat continued his re port aa folio w's: — '- 'Copies of the sentence were duly for waided to the respondent {F.P. 33)r as well as to the Wafdensof ChriaS Church, Kaponda, and the TrosteeB, A demand was also served upon the respondent to give up possession. On September 14 1 received a letter from the respondent, applying for a new trial. This I waa advised that I coold not grant, as the application had not been made within one month after the verdict, and no power was given to extend the time, The respondent at the same time gave notice of an appeal to the Committee of Appeal of the General Synod. Whether the appeal waa ever made I am ucable to s&y.; I never received any notice from Sydney, or from any one connected with the General Synod. The next Btep wasto give effect to the sentence of deprivation which had been pronounced. Up to thifl point I had had for guidance the Rules of Synod, but now the proceedings in some degree passed out my hands. They became somewhat complicated. First, the injunction before men tioned had been dismissed with costs, which amounted to £62 17fl. 8d. It waa necessary to preBS for payment. On this the respondent declared himself insolvent. Cost3 to the amount of £42 4s. 6d. were finally recovered. Secondly, it was considered advisable that I Bhould demand poEsesaion of theparsonage and gleoe in cor junction with the trustee or truateeH. It waa discovered thit the property was held, or supposed to In held by Mr. Henry Short, under the will of the late Bishop, who had been sole trustee. Mr. H, Short joined with me in making a formal demand for possession of the parsonage, bet the respondent declined, Thirdly, another difficulty arose, for the notice given by the respondent of an appeal to the Committee of Appeal of the General Synod. Urfortunately tha Primate was absent in England, and in spite of a reso lution to the effect thai rules of procedure should be drawn up immediately— pas3ed at the session of the General Synod in 1SS6— no rules had been framed. If a notice of appeal had power to stay proceedings that case might be still proceeding. I wrote immediately to the Clerical Secretary of the General Svnod, who replied that he would take steps and bring the matter before the proper authorities. So far aa I know nothing haa been heard of the appeal or of tha ru!ea oi procedure. At length it was arranged that opposition to tb9 granting of a firat-clais certificate is the Insolvent Court should be withdrawn, provided that the respondent would give up possession. He handed the key of the parsonage to Mr. A. Sturcke on December 14, 1SS8. Thu3 ended a case which, difficult and painful in itself, was rendered more difficult and painful by proceedings which came from without, and for which no provision was or coo]d ba made by our rales. In conclusion I would express my deep thanks for the wise and timely advice and assistance given to me throughout the trial by the Church Advocate (Mr. J. E. Dempster), Dr. Barlow, and Mr. A. Stiiroke. To this summary of the case I would aad, as your Lordship has suggested, some points which have been raised by this triaL 1. The proceedings connected with injunction give rise to a question which may be regarded as one of principle, viz,, the employment of a firm of solicitors to act for the Chare h Advo cate in the Supreme Court. No firm could be better trusted than the one employed as agents for the Church Advocate. Still some thought that the matter had thereby in some degree passed out of the hands of the Synod. PerEonally I feel satisfied with the result, and, bo far aa I know, no one has any cause of complaint. The injunction also itself, I think, calls for Eome remark. It was generally stated by those qualified to judge that it waa granted without due consideration, and with undue haste. From the principles laid down by Lord Selbome ia writing of the Royal supremacy and the position of the voluntary tribunals of Nonconformists in England, it appears to non-legal minds, at leaat, aa doubtful whether it should have been iasaed at this stage at all. We have these facts before us:— That on August 1, after the retirement of the re spondent and hia solicitor, Mr. Yarley entered the Court and interrupted the Church Advocate, on the ground that he required certain papers to lay before Juc'geBandey at 2 o'clock, in order to obtain an injurctioD. No action waa taken either on Wednesday, August 1, or on the following days, until August 7, when Judge Bouoaut returned from Victoria. The injunction waa then granted. After a delay of five weeka the case »raa brought before the Full Court on September 5\. The Bolicitors lot the respondent did noi put in an appearance on that day, aa stated by them through an error as to the date, nor on the 7th, though notice was fipeoialiv given. It ib not for me to state what, if any, conclusion may be drawn from these facts. This injunction, or the delay caused by it has a frrther interest, to me at least, aB it threatened to bring our Court into collision with the authority of a Judge n the Supreme Co-rfe. The delay of another week would have compelled me under one fundamental provision to have pronounced sentence, whether the injunction had been dismissed or not, F. P. S3 requires that Buoh sentence shall be pronounced within six weeks after the receipt by the Biahop of the verdict. To have failed to do this would have rendered all our proceedings null and void. It would have been at this point that the choice would have had to ba made between Christ and Cceaar. 3. I would also afreet your Lordship's attention to the absence of Rules of Procedure for the Com mittee of Appeal of the General Synod. The Committee of Appeal waa constituted pud the members appointed in 1872, with power to make rnlea for regulating its proceedings, the time and mode of conducting appeals, the requiring security for costs, and for the due prosecution of appeals. On November 3, 1886, at the last session of the General Synod, a resolution waa passed—' That inasmuch as tJin aheenca of anv Rules of Procedure in appeals as prescribed Dy determination II., session 1872, Resolution 6, may before the nest session of Synod occasion inconvenience, the Committee of Appeal be respectfully requested to frame Buch roles without further delay, and lay them before the Synod at its next session.' The want of these rulea did put the Synod to Bome incon venience, and might have put it to far more had not other caueea enabled us to close the proceedings in this triaL I would reapaot fully, suggest that your Lordship should take stepa to press upon the proper authorities the formation of these ruleB, aa should other cases of the kind unfortunately arise the regiect to carry out the resolution of the General Synod, especially in a matter of auoh vital importance aa that of appeal, cannot iV. to injure its influence. 4. Connected with this, it appears that we on our aide should draw up some rules respecting appeals, bo as to secure Borne proof that the appeal is made bona fide, 'and not as a mere excuse for delay; also so aa to provide against any expense to which the Synod or its members may be put thereby. 5. Certain alterations should be made in the wording of some of our fundamental pro visions and regulations, eg., in F.P. 27 there is a confusion with regard to the days. It Bhould run thus— The respondent shall be furniBhed by the Churcli Advocate with the articles of accusation, and shall within ten day a from the service of the articles of accu sation forward to the Bisliop hiB defence or anBwer thereto in writing in a clear and con cise form. Thereupon the Bishop shall fix a day not earlier than ten dayB for the receipt of such answer, or such extended time aB the Bhhop may appoint, and shall cause the Church Advocate to Berve the respon dent with a written citation, under the Epis copal seal of tha Bishop, to appear before him and hia assessors at a place and hour specified in the citation to answer the charge, provided that Bhould no answer be filed within ten days, or euch extended time as aforesaid, then in either of such cases the Bishop shall appoint a day for the said trial, and Bball forthwith summon the assessors, and the trial Bball proceed as herein provided. F.P. No. 88 also requires some alteration. In the latter portion the words should run thuB:— 'Notice of auch appeal (i.e., on the part of either ' party-cTiwatiiified-with ibai verdictr'W the- -sentence- of the— Bishop- thdraJBltnust be:gfo»io thVBishoprwithin ten days from their notification of the verdict of the assessors by the Bishop to the accused, so far as the verdict is concerned, or within; ten days from the. time when sentence haa ? been pronounced by the Biahop, so far as the sentence is concerned, or for. the Bishop's refusal to grant a new triaL' Another point that came up in the course of this trial waa the nee of the term ' ordinary for the time being' in the licence. It appears that ' ordi nary has a technical meaning. He is an established Judge of ecclesiastical causes, and not merely one who orders in any particular case, be he Bishop, Dean, or Archdeacon. I would BUggest that the word should be altered to 'the Bishop and his commissary for the time being,' I would also point out what appears to me the need of some legal adviser to whom the accusation may be referred in the nut instance. In this case, if I had taken _the accueation in the form in which it wa3 first made, the whole charge most have broken down. I would point out that at this stage of proceedings the Church Advocate ia not available, nor ia the Chancellor, who is a member of the Committee of AppeaL This may be met by extending the duties of the Church Advocate. It has also been suggested that it ia necessary to secure, if possible, some more direct method of ejectment or of taking possession of temporalities, in case of deprivation, than that Bnpposed to be ob tained by the declaration that thelrcumbent hpldB possession of the temporalities, &o.;, aa tenant at will of the ordinary for the time being. ' - ' ' I venture to make these suggestions while tha subject is fresh in our minds. Fortunately our experience in tbesd~ cases is BinalL It may be years before our rales are put to. another test. Possibly other points have Btruck other members. I have taken up those only whioh caused me some difficulty, and in which, if I had not been well advised, Id jury might have been done to the cause which we had in hand. THE LAMBETH COITFBBEFCB. I shall consider my absence from the Diocese during last year to be a distinct gain to the Church in the colony if in: the future I am able to impress npon my brother Church men any of those deep lessons which the Lambeth Conference of 1888 haa so firmly im pressed npon myself. It would be impossible for me, with a due sense of my duty, to meet you in Synod without Bpeaking to you npon at any rate Borne of the subjects which were discussed at Lambeth. It is true that the conference has not the powers of a Synod. It is deliberative and of the nature of a counoil rather than legislative. It has, as oar late Primate said of the General Synod, ' auctoritas rather than jpotestas.' Yet what it haa expressed either by resolution or in theEncyclical Letter must necessarily have the gravest weight with members of the Anglican Communion throughout the world. For, in the first place, it was composed of men who represent life and work nnder widely differing con ditions throughout the inhabited globe ; and opinions expressed by them, to the for mation of which they have contributed, and npon which they are in agree ment, must necessarily have a con siderable value. And next, and this ia more important, those of whom the confer ence was composed were every one of them men duly consecrated to the highest and noblest of offices. They met together after earnest prayer had been offered on their behalf throughout the whole Church, and we cannot doubt but that God Himself wa? guiding them, God Himself among them, Goi the Holy Ghost. And the spirit of brother hood and unity waa certainly realized. St. Cyprian's worda were evidently true, *' Episcopaiua unus est cvjm a aingulis in sotidumpars tenetur' (Deunitate bj. ' The Episcopate is one ; it is a whole in which each BLihop who is a shareholder enjoys fall posEesBion' (BiBhop Wordsworth). The published utterances of the conference are not a true measure of the fall value of the conference. That the Biahops should meet face to face, and become acquainted with the manner in which problems common to them all are being solved in various places and under varying conditions ; that each should give of what mental and spiritual gifts God bas given him for the solution of difficult questions, and in like manner take irom others ; that the strength of the whole body Bhould be realized by each constituent member, and so each be enabled to Bhaie in that Btrength, and carry somewhat of its life and power to hia own work, all these are causea of gain to the Church from the Lambeth Conference. Bat I confess I would gladly see the conference grow into a more potential assembly. For my part I would gladly aee each Diocesan Bishop attend ing it, accompanied by duly accredited prieBts, and also laymen. So that with the same safeguards as now exist in our General Synod there may be opportunity of Suiting forth decrees which would become inding only when accepted by the various provinces and Dioceses, but which even before their acceptance would not have less weight than have the resolutions of the conference as at present constituted. Of the resolutions passed in the last con ference I propose to bring before yon only a very small number. Some other opportunity may arise some day of my calling your atten tion to those which time forbids me to enlsr upon in this address. But there are some matters treated of by the Bishops whioh we ought to consider as soon as possible. At least two of these I hope may be considered by us in more detail than is advisable in the President's address, and I propose to aak for a committee to consider and report upon them. There ia an advantage in such a course. A Synod such as ours is always beaat with the danger of being bo wrapped up in the arrangement of its own regulations (fun damental or otherwise), or in the work of financial organization of the Diocese that its nigh prerogative ia almost overlooked. Every subject upon which the Synod deliberates that ia concerned with the real solid work of the Church in religion or morals increases the knowledge of practical Church life, and quickens the interest of members of Synod in their work. So thai to turn the attention of Synod to the subjects brought foiward at Lambeth should conduce, I think, to the welfare of the Dioceae. It ia noteworthy that the first subjects to which in their Encyclical Letter and in their resolutions the BiahopB call attention are of a moial and practical nature, In the forepart they place the duty of the Church in the promotion of temperance aad puilty. As regards the former of these some exaggerated language haa been need about the habits of the people in South Australia. So far as my ohj powers of comparison go I should Bay there is an improvement even in the last few years, and published statistics prove that the people as a whole are worthy rather of praise than of blame. Yet I know there is much— very much— that remains to be done ; and I must honestly say 1 do not think we of the Church of England have ever taken our true part in getting rid of the evil of intemperance. With the broad basis on which the Church of England Temperance Society takes its stand, urging temperance as the duty of all, and abstinence in certain ca£es, we have an advantage in the appeal which we could make to the public of which, it Beema to me, those who condemn the use almost as much as the abuse of wine have practically deprived themaelves. Yet their zeal puts ua to shame. Tn this we may well copy them. The Lambeth resolutions nree as to further effort. and the report of the committee appointed to deal with the subiect ia forcible, and in some ways suggestive. What I propose is that a committee appointed for the purpose Bhould consider this report, and Bhould make its own report to the Standing Committee of Synod, who Bhould have power to act, as to the beat meana of increasing the temperance work of the Church in th's Diocese. The subject of- imparity is one more difficult to deal with. Yet it is a far more aeriouBevil— more insidioufl, more widespread, ard more sheltered by deceit and hypocrisy. On this subject- the conference carried a unanimous resolution. I do not assert it was the only unanimous reiolution carried. But it wbb certainly the only resolution about -which a special requeBt was made that the unanimity with which it was carried should be recorded, and the resolution was as follows :—' That this conference eatneitly commends to all those into whose hands it may come the report on the subject of purity aa expressing the mind of the conference on this great subject.' What I think ought to be done byns ia— as in the subject of temperance— to appoint a committee to examine the report and enquire into the subject, and report to Standing Com mittee upon the best way in which we in this Diocese can give effect to the desire of the conference. MAKBIAGE A2TD DIVORCE. At the present time do subject of greater importance and perhapa interest could be brought before our attention than the ques tion of marriage and divorce. In the older countries, where habits of generations past have still their effect npon succeeding gere rations, it is one of gravity. Bat in new countries, where the lines are being laid down which are to shape the future growth of the people, a question such as this, which, while deeply religious, is not to be regarded only as a question of religion, but as one affecting the social life and that true centre and kernel of all society, the family, the subject is one of transcendent importance. The danger appears to be, lest, for the purpose of relieving politicians and others of embarrassments which a widespread laxity of view on the holy estate of matrimony haB produced, Borne steps may be taken which for ever may affect the state of Bociety in these Australian colooie-, That there is toft laxity f vi«wini«Dt,JI ?Uiiakv^iainWiiv' »«f- ?uotU9^f^uxtege~B«|BOfc^e«i«i£$awtlfr iosMtfld npoo.T Np doubt we of the ^Church pve not dou«,~our.duty Bulnciently -in insist ing npon it. And. the. State hu i largely' soughs for and provided facilities lot mar-i riage until it has come about that facilities for divorce are now also sought, 'The conjugal , knot can be tied so easily that men call for easy modes of untying it.' There are some whothinkthematterofsecondary impor tance ; bat bear with me while I bring before you words which no doubt you have all read, which are worth citing, as coming recently from the pen of one of Englancfs greatest BonB, and one who could never be thought lacking in txue liberal principles and senti ments. Mr. Gladstone, writing a review in the Nineteenth Century magazine upon an American book recently published, whioh bears upon divorce, Bays :— ' The true mean ing of a discussion which calls into question the ancient and specially Christian constitu tion of the family ia that it is a vast upthrow in the world of thought and fact, which if consummated will change in time the whole moral Burface lo! the earth, and shift in a revolutionary sense the polarity of life. The chief spur thrown out laterally from the great upthrow is in America. Many a reader on this side of the water will be startled when he learns that in the old State of Connecticut one marriage is dissolved in every ten, and in the new State of California one in every seven. He may learn with equal surprise that in Sooth Carolina there is, as 1 am informed, no legal divorce whatever; I mean, of course, divorce ' that leads the way to remarriage, Again, it iB neces sary to bear in mind that the divorcee as well as th&marriages-of; any one State are acknowledged in the Courts of every other.. 1 understand that the experience of America, aa well as of tHis country, tends to show that divorce is largely associated with' that portion of communities which is lacking in solid and Btaple conditions of life generally. America may suffer specially from the sbiftings of relative position and circumstance incidental to a forward movement in things material of an unexampled rapidity.; and it may also be true that a State like Connecticut has to answer for many offences not her own, though she cannot be exempted, from fall responsibility for the laws she has chosen to enact We must beware of all sweeping and premature conclusions. But it seems indisputable that America is the arena on whioh many of the problems connected with the marriage state are in coupe of being rapidly, painfully, and perilously tried out. In so far she is intrusted, like a prcerogaiivatribus, with the destinies of others, and may do muohby her example to make or mar them. MIbs Lee haB ventured to combat in the ranks of what muBt be taken nowadays as the un popular side, and has indicated her belief in a certain old-fashioned docirine that the path of suffering may be not the path of duty only, but likewise ths path of glory and of triumph for our race.' We are brought face to face with this question in the colony owing to the Bill which was last year introduced into our Parliament, and which provides for divorce for causes other than adultery. Now 1 desire to give every weight to the arguments of men who, undoubtedly, want from their point of view to do the beBt they can for the good of the community, But I am compelled to join issue with them on two points that seem to me to be clear. The first is that where. our blessed Lord haa plainly and distinctly spoken, we who believe in Him as the Son of God— who reverence Him aB our living and reigning King, and trust Him as the Son of Man — cannot for one instant allow that a course against the following of which He asserted Hia authority then can be a right course now, or, indeed, ever after He has spoksn. Let it be remembered that both in the Sermon on the Mount ard in iHis answer to the Pharisees oar bleesed Lord is controverting, in risht of the authority which He claimed, the cuBtom which had obtained from the time of Moses, and the force of Hia utter ance is unmistakable. If we refuse to obey His plain direotion we involve ourselves in the dilemma of ignoring His authority or of limiting its application to a period short of our own age. The second point on which I join iEsne I have already alluded to ; it is that to increase the facilities of divorce and remarriage is to necessarily affect tne popular opinion about the married state. Already the suffering from whioh the late Bill was devised to procure relief— a relief equally effected by what is known aB judicial separation— has been brought about for the moslpart through persona of incompatible temperament having been induced to enter the bonds of wedlock without sufficient reflection on what they were doing, or with a light and jaunty view of its solemn duties ; and to render those bonds less legally bind ing, to teach that snob. Bolemn duties may easily be thrown aside, is only to increase the evil that comes from so inadequate a view of holy matrimony. No ; Barely our true duty Ib to raise in the minds of our people a truer ideal of the married state. In this oar statesmen ought to strive to work with us. On the sanctity, the peacefulness, the happi ness of the home dependethe true happiness of the nation, and if on these homes we wo aid have the blessing of the Almighty we must see to it that that blessing is sought in strict obedience to His laws. The resolution of the Lambeth Conference is moBt explicit in its dealing with the Bub ject :— ' 4. (a) That inasmuch as oar Lord's words expressly forbid divorce, except in the case of fornication or adultery, the Christian Church cannot recognise divorce in any other than the excepted case, or give any sanction to the marriage of any person who haa been divorced contrary to tnis law, daring the life of the other party, (b) That order no cir cumstances ought the guilty party, in the case of a divorce for fornication or adultery, to be regarded duriDg the lifetime of the innocent party as a fit recipient of the bless ing of the Church on marriage, (c) That, recognising the fact that there always has been a difference of opinion in the Church on the question whether oar Lord meant to forbid marriage to the innocant party in a divorce for adultery, the confe rence recommends that the clergy should noi be instructed to refuse the sacraments or other privileges of the Church to those who, ondericivil sanction, are thus married.' The report of the committee leaves it to the judgment of the Bishop of the Diocese whether the clergy would be justified in refraining from pronouncing the blessing of the Church on the marriage of the innocent party in a divorce for adultery. Bearing in mind that in the resolution just recited the sacraments and other privileges of the Church are not to be refused to scch aB are married under civil sanction, I cannot think th*t there would be hardship in the clergy refraining from celebrating any remarriage of a divorced person, whether innocent or not. It ia not aa if in this country there were difficulty in obtaining civil sanction or a secolar^ceremony where the religions ceremonies of the Church are not to be had ; moreover, such a course Baves the clergy from having to exercise their judgment in any doubtful case in whioh there may be difference of opinion as to whether the person to be married comes within the definition of the ' innocent part;' or not. In this view, my reverend brethren, I trust yon will endeavour to support me. HOME KKUNIOIT. As to the question of what is commonly called 'HomeReanion,' 1 think it beat to content myself with almost a bare reiteration of th6 resolutions passed npon the subjeot. I think the time will come when they will prove to be of the greatest value. But so far as we in this Diocese are concerned, I do not see that there is much ground for hoping any immediate action can be taken upon them. Within our own communion here we have so mnoh yet to do in the way of putting our own house in order— and at home events, later even than theseseionof tiie Lambeth Con ference, have been bo disturbing an element —that it is dear that for any movement to wards reunion we Bball have to wait awhile. Meanwhile our coarse is plain, viz., to hold firmly to those principles which we hold aB Churchmen, which are baaed npon the belief that God in His love has brought us into an organized spiritual kingdom, but to en deavour to live in brotherly love with all who love the name of the Lord Jeio*, -and to pray God that in His own good time He will Bpeedily open the way for that true union in the One Body, as well as in the One Spirit of whioh His Apostle taught, and for which oar Lord Himself so earnestly prayed. The Lambeth resolutions are as follows : — IL That, in the opinion of this conference, the following articles supply a basis on whioh approach may be, by God's blessing, made towards home reunion : — (A) The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament!, as 'containing all things necessary to salvation,' and as being the rule and ultimate standard of faith, (b) The ApoBtleB' Creed, as the Baptismal Symbol ; and the Nicene Creed, as the sufficient state ment oi the Christian Faith, (c) The two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself— Baptism and the Supper of the Lord— minis- tered with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution and of the elements ordained by Him. (d) The historic Episcopate, locally adapted in the methods of its ad ministration to the varying needs oi the nationB and peoples called of God into the unity of His Church. 12\. That this conference earnestly requests the constituted authorities of the various branches of our communion, acting, so far as may be, in concert with one another, to make it known that they hold themselves in readi ness to enter into brotherly conference (such as that which has already been proposed by the Church in the United States of America) with the representatives of other Christian commnnjoni jo tbf Ej- gluli-8£e&kjsg; races, Mtotr 4ow«idi corporate musioQr ox to wardr Buch relattoM^ m . mayr ptepixe the way for fuller org*nSiunltT hereafter.' DKnHITB TIA'CHIKG Oj'THB IAITH. ! ; Perhaps one of tie most important subjects' -rought before the conference, aad in their incyolical Letter brought by the Biahops before the whole Church, iB that of the, definite teaching of the faith which underlies all that haB been said before. In this respect cur difficulties in the colonies are not light. For at home it iB far more common to find: among those who dissent from the Church of England a fall knowledge of why they, belong to their particular denomination than is the case with members of the Church : and the reason is not far to seek. Under the shelter and help of the Church of the nation these aat have lived for generations their quiet ife, in whioh. the chief lessons they have learned have been inch as would inculcate duty. Nonconformists, on the other hand, have felt the necessity of endeavouring to ustify their position. Their children have been taught with an earnestness which has not been without its effect why they were to hold this, and why they were not to hold that ; and their principles have been made the propaganda of a cause which, if it was to exist, mnBt be strenuously poshed forward. ThoB animated they have carried forward this work in the colonieB. Churchmen, on the other hand, have only here and there awakened to the sense of the ^different con ditions under which they live away from England. Thej have feared— perhaps it is the result of oar English trainingr-we have many of us fearedj that we should bethought to be acting uncharitably if we asserted, our principles ai clearly and as earnestly as-do those who differfrom.us. But perhapa every where, certainly where the conditions are anon as those under which we live in the colonies, we shall have to be more definite ia our teaching than we .have been hitherto. This duty, say the Bishops, lies on parents aa a divine charge. ' Godfathers and godmothers should oe orged to fulfil the duty which they have undertaken for the ohildren whose sponsors they have been, and to see. that they, are not leit unioBtfaoted or inadequately prepared for confirmation. The use of public cate chizing and regular preparation of candidates for confirmation is capable of much develops ment. The work done in Sunday-schools re quires, as we believe, more constant Buper vision-and more sustained interest than, m a great many cases, it receives from the clergy. The instruction of Sunday-school teaohers, ought to be regarded as an indispensable part of the pastoral work of a parish priest.' I am naturally led from this topio to speak of our own Sunday-schools and education work generally. As regards the former, while I regret there has been apparently a falllng-off in the numbers both of teachers and scholars during the last year, I rejoice in hearing that the number of teachers who have passed the examination held in our Church Sunday school Union and have obtained the Bishop's certificate is so'large. I know of no evidence which could show so clearly that the teachers are in earnest, or any way by whioh they might better qualify themselves for their work, than in careful preparation for this examination. No more ustful scheme haa been initiated in Sunday-school work than this one, and on behalf of the Diocsse I desire to tender my thanks to the Rev. T. Field for the pains he haa taken in promoting it. On the general question of education we are making steady, if alow advance. Oar Diocesan Board haB been but a short time at work, and its labours have not been brought prominently before Churchmen. It haB been thought good to make but a small beginning and steadily try to increase our work than to go off with a flourish and possibly end with a fiasco. It is only by the establishment of oar own schools that we can obtain religious educa tion aB distinguished from religious instruc tion, and I hope all Churchmen will do their duty in supporting the Board we have formed. Still it will be a long time before we are able in this way to do more than touch the fringe of the work that ought to be done, even among our own people, and 1 am convinced that a veiy large proportion of the people of this country are diBsa'iafied with a scheme which ia to all intents and purposes purely secular. You know I should gladly see a Bill brought in by the Government which pro vided for the election by the people of the Boards of Advice, or at any rate some mem bers of the Boards, and which threw upon each Board the responsibility of Baying whether or not there should be religious in struction given under certain defined condi tions in their Bchools. A scheme for thia purpose, drawn out in detail, waa accepted by the Synod, and was presented in the form of a petition to the House of Ascembly. But if this cannot be acted upon, surely the plan adopted in New South Wales might at least be tried in this colony. To work it would be more difficult for us who desire to avail ourselves of its opportunities for giving religious teaching, I dare Bay, than it is in some parts of New South Wales ; bat I think we shall be found willing to face the difficul ties and make the best of the scheme. A former Government at one time not long ago contemplated an Act making somewhat similar provisions, and I believe it would have met with support in the country had it been brought forward. BUBAi DEANEBIES. : You will remember that in the year before I went home I brought forward, in Synod, a scheme for dividing the Diocese into a series of rural deaneries. It was. thought best that such a plan should not be proceeded with on the eve of my absence. The more I have thought over the matter while away the more I have convinced myself of the advisability of the formation of these deaneries. Very likely the groups I proposed might be better arranged, and I shall be glad indeed to accept any BuggeBtiona which yon may make to me, before I bring a resolution upon the Bubjeot before Synod; But it seems to me so clearly for the benefit of the Diocese that some such plan should be brought into operation, that I Bincerely hope it may not be delayed another session. CHUBCH OF ENGLAND BKBOWMESI SOCIETY. If I do not refer to the Churoh of England Endowment Society in more than a few words it is not that my interest in rein vigorating the Society is less than your own, but it iB because the report of Standing Com mittee will sufficiently bring it before your notice. I think all Churchmen owe a debt of giatitode to the Rev, E. E. Miller for the vigour and persistency with which he has called the attention of Synod to the capabilities which this Society has, if popularized, for meeting some of our present wants. It ia lamentable to hear it stated that our older cures are in greater need of support than oar newer oneB. I am told that in many cases effort would be made to increase the endowment of theBe if this were made posaible. We may, therefore, look forward to new hopefulness being im parted by the new departure which we trust the Sooiety will be shortly enabled to make. BEQTJIBED PROVISION. There is another matter to whioh I must direct your attention, and on which I invite your help. We have had a Bad warning in Australia of the difficulty in which a Diocese may be placed Bhould the Bishop become un fortunately mentally afflicted, and be unable for any length of time to resign bis See. It in nnlv rioht that evstv Diocese should make some provision against the contingency of bo sad an experience ; and I think it is better that I Bhould Buggeat the possible danger to you lest you should feel any delicacy in moving in Buch a matter. I shall ask daring the session for a committee to consider in what manner we may best provide against Bach a contincenoy as that I have indicated, and aa it ia stated that in New Zealand ai well as in the DioceBe of Melbourne similar precautions are being taken, we shall pro bably act wisely in ascertaining, and perhaps following, the coarse which has been fol lowed in their Synods. A scheme for a Finance Board, differing in at least one important particular from the one presented to you at the last, session over IpreBidto, willbe brought' before you, which will, I trusty meet with your approval. You will notice that large powers are given to the members of it in the way of reviewing the work done at the Church office and of recom mending improvements. If this duty is extended bo as to allow of all our Church funds of every kind being examined into with a view of Beeing whether they are being utilized for the greatest advantage of the Church, I think some benefit would result. Of course most of the funds are closely tied up by trusts, but not all of them ; and; a report dealing with them, and, indeed, ex plaining them, would be a distinct gain to ns even if we had to wait some time for it. I am not sure until it comes on for discussion whether the proposed scheme will allow of all this being done, but if not the necessary authority can be easily provided. ] GKNBBAL CONDITION 07 THS CHUBCH. - I do not think Churchmen have any reason to be downhearted about the state of the Church generally. At home— even daring the few years since I left England in 1882— it seemed to me on returning last year that the growth of the Church was remarkable. This is (specially the case in the large citieB or towns. One instance alone will prove it. The Times, in reviewing the Church Year book two months ago (and once more I should like to press upon my brother Church men that they ought to purchase and study that useful publication), called attention to what it spoke of as a real token of vigour, ' that the growth in the number of young people annually confirmed lamely outstrips that of the population. In 1875 the number confirmed in England and Wales was nnder 138,000; while for 1888 the corresponding total was over 217,000— an increase in thir te«njtaiB of newly 58 percent, which U Aj|&£--&iifil;£Di&reat; aa the growth of tfa^r^pniitinTi* moonxM, by toota who, want to fi^'d fault, jmuch will be made of the ^ extzwrdlnarysjgeota'clepfl Bishop who isj 8r much'loveli leader of «»e'sohool of thotjRht; in the Church being proiaou ted and brought to trial by the representatives of another! school of thought.- I deplore the condition of! things which such wide differences of opinion have brought about. 'Yet it must be remem bered that the very differences of opinion are the proof and perhaps the result of vigorous life, and perhaps anything is better Shan stagnation. The Archbishop has been blamed by some for allowing such a trial, so far as he., is concerned, to take place at all. There are those who Bay he should have refused to hear the case, and* have allowed any results to follow rather than allow so holy-minded and gentle a man and so excellent a Bishop to ba arraigned before him. But two things ought to be borne in mind about the matter. The first, that whatever may be the technical nature of the Court in which the Archbishop is Bitting, it is at least a purely ecclesiastical Court, and for the first time since the modern ritual difficulties arose it is now posaible for them to be thoroughly sifted in a Court of which no parties can say that it is contrary to their principles to plead fully their own cbbo in it. The other thing to be sorely borne in mind is that it is better to know troth at whatever cost it may be to one's own likings and opinions. If it ia uncertain what the Uhurch of England really meant by any of her rubrics, where these affeot the doctrine and wellbeug of the Church, then by all meanB let ns. find . out if .possible what is meant. It should certainly, lessen the bitter-, ness of parties to find out how much can be said on either side of the^question, and every Churchman ought to he prepared to loyally accept the judgment which may be pro nounced by the Archbishop,- with the advice: of his asseiflors, whether it; be according to; his expectations or the contrary. .This I certainly hope will be the case with us in this Diocese, my brethren. I hope we - shall [earn to look at the work of the Church as far too serious and important a matter to allow of oar wasting, time or strength, in picking holes in one another's conception of what is the best mode of giving ritual ex pression to the troth. The whole object of .Christianity, . the whole meaning of the Church, is that men may be fashioned in the charaoter and likeness of the great Head of the Church ,'oxu Lord Jesus Christ. To this end wemuBt devote all our energies, to this high purpose our strength must be given without stint. Tor this axe showered upon us the gifts and the grace which oar gracious Father bestows upon us in His Church. Let ub look at oar birthright and gather inspiration from it ; let us take measure of our duties, and girdourBelvesmore unselfishly to perform them ; let us be prepared to make bolder sacrifices for the sake of the Church —which means for others, and for our blessed Lord — and in hopefulness and a good courage live out the lesson which the age, as well aa the ages, is teaching ub— that in loyalty to Christ, in faithfulness to our English branch of the Catholic Church— we can best advance the welfare of our country and benefit our fellow-men. Mr. G. W. Hawkes moved a vote of thanks to the President for his address. Canon Coombes seconded the motion, whicn was carried with acclamation. ? ENDOWMENTS IN POOR DISTRICTS. * The Rev.'E. K. Millee moved—' That in the opinion of this Synod it is advisable to encourage the more general endowment of ChurcheB in poor districts by reducing the amount to be required from a congregation in order to obtain an endowment of £100 from £40 to £20.' He claimed that the proposal was worthy of all Bupport, as if it were adopted the Churches in the poorer parti of the province would be greatly benefited. Under the present syBtem some of the clergy men stationed in those localities had to sub mit to personal inconvenience with regard to endowments, and he appealed to the Synod to give some consideration in the direction indicated to the clergy and districts con cerned. Mr. W. Bowkeing seconded the motion, which was carried. The Hon. H. Scott wrote suggesting the desirableness of altering the regulations by which none bat clergymen in good health could join the Association of Clergy who could avail themselves of the benefits of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund. He thought the intentions of the subscribers to the fund would be met by charging delicate clergymen half the extra premium that would be charged by an Insurance Company, except in extreme cases of clergymen arriving in such a weak state of health aa would not justify the insurance of their lives at any rate. The letter was received, but consideration will possibly be given to the matter. BEGTJLATIOHS NOT FUKDAMEHTAl. Canon Green moved a series of amend ments to No. 37 of regulations not funda mental with the object of making it explicit that Synod should bear the coat of 'far- ther proceedings' in legal oases, and that in all caeea of appeal the appellant should give proper security for the costs of the proceed ings instead of depositing a Bpeoial Bam for that purpose. SOLEMNIZATION OF MAEBIAGES. The Rev. Canon Fkknch asked the Bishop whether the limitations on the time and place for the solemnization of marriage by clergy of the] Churoh of England in tha Diocese set forth by the late BiBhop with the assent of Synod, and subsequently endorsed by the present BiBhop, were still binding on the clergy ?| And if so, whether the regula tion waB communicated to all clergy upon their being licensed in the Diocese? The Bishop replied in the affirmative. BEL1GI0US EDUCATION IN SCHOOLS. The Rev. Canon French presented a memorandum from the Diocesan Board of Education relating to the Education Act, and moved the adoption of a petition to the Minister of Education, asking for permission to the ministers of religious denominations to give religious instruction twice in the week in State schools during school hours; and of a petition in favour of the system to be circu lated in the Diocese for Bignature. He Btrongly advocated the course proposed, and urged that the succees of the similar Bystem which had been adopted in New Sooth Wales justified the Synod in ap pealing for its introduction into this colony. Mr. J, H. Thoenley seconded. Archdeaoon Dove in supporting the motion characterized the present. State-Bchool system as'Bimply heathen.' Archdeacon Faes opposed the motion, because if the request were granted they would want more, and the Government would be able to say they were not satisfied when they got what they had asked for. Canon Andrews opposed the motion because it would work against the day sohools which they were trying to establish. Mr. E. G. Blackmore suggested that the better way for them to do would be to present a petition on the subject direct to Parliament. The Bishop Btrongly encouraged the establish- . ment of Church Bchools with absolute in dependence of the State. He waa in clined to try and get something in the direction indicated, and thought the difficul tieB of the country might be got over if a paid oatechiat passed his time in going round a group of sohools giving instruction in each. The late Primate had advised him that the effect of the system of imparting religions instruction to the scholars of the day schools which had been adopted in New douth Wales was such that it might with great advantage be copied in this colony, and he trusted something would be done. He greatly admired the earnestness of the Bible in State Schools League, but would much rather have the most commonplace religious instruction given than have the Bible read aloud to a clasa of children who might not be paying any attention to what was being read. He supported the petition, and hoped it would be carried, but would prefer that only two days Bhould not be stipulated, and that the duration of the instruction should not be -left to the minister. The pe tition wsb altered to read 'at leaat' two days in the week, and it was also addressed to Parliament instead of to the Minister of Education. Aa amended it waa adopted by the Synod. The following appointments were made by ballot :— Standing Committee. — Rev. T. Field, Rev. Canon Green, Rev. R. Kenny, Rev. H. M. PoUitb, Rev. F. W. Samwefl, Rev. W. A. Swan, Rev. Canon Whitington, MeBUB. J. Barker, E. G. Blaokmore, A. Boult, C. H. T. Connor, G. A. Connor, W. S. Douglas, H. E. Downer, D. Garliok, F. A. Grant, J. H. Grundy, F. Halcomb, G. W. Hawkes, C. Lyons, J. C. B. Moncrieff, F. W. Pennefather, W. Pope, C. E. E. Sabine, A. Spence, J. H. Thomiey, S. Toms, the Hon. J. Warren, and Dr. Barlow. Committee of AppeaL— Rev. Canon Green, Messrs, E. G. Blackmore and G. A. Connor. AeaeBBorB.— Rev. Canon Andrews, Yen. Archdeacon Farr, Rev. Canon frencn, Rev. Canon Howell, Rev. H. M. Poliitfc, Rev. Canon Whitington, Messrs. H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, a Lyons, J. U. B. Mon crieff, F. W. Pennefather, W. G. Randall. Representatives to General Synod.— Ven. Archdeacon Farr, Rev. Canon Green, Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Canon Poole, Rev. H, M. Pollitt, Rev. Canon Whitington ; emer gency, Canon Andrews and the Rev. J. W. Owtn, Messrs. W. S. Douglas, F. Halcomb, G. W. Hawkes, J. C. B. Moncrieff, F. W. Pennefather, 0. B. Young ; emergency, Messrs. J. B. Cunningham and C Lyons. Auditors, Me«Bis. Cunningham and Sabine ; Treasurers, Messrs. W. S. Douglas and C. Lyons. 8f ASDIHG COMMITTEE'S ESPOSI. The voluminous report of the Standing Committee stated that during the year they had met twenty times. A Special Committee was appointed to enquire into and report upon the dealings and transactions of the 1.CE.E.S. reported—' You sub-committee have examined the books and records of the ItccrrcraUd Chuicb, «f England JBadow meat Sooiety from the foundation oi the Mot? fa ? iftfifl tfl.Tfar^mJyr^SLiw^iujfi bave to report $hal;j«e,,ljlociety-a accounts have always been ^pt-m-' a -complete andj basbesB^&e; mariiier, 1 . Tha§rfein-l capital waa raised from the following sources:— j Annual subscriptions for seven years, £622 ! 19s. 6d.; donation from S.P.G. and others,1 £1,998 7e.6d.; subscriptions for seven years, to Guaranteed Interest Fond, £6,337 Us. 6d,; total collected to 1867i when all subscriptions ceased. £8,958 18s. 6d. Working expenses for the whole period from 1880 to end of 1887 (say twenty- Beven years) aggregated £3,644 10s. 4d., this total representing outlay for preliminary -expenses, salaries, stationery, postages, office accommodation, and any other incidental expenses. The Society has' from time to time assisted Church work by the following grants :— Payments to Synod towards endowment of Churches and build ing of parsonages, £8,234 123. ; to Theological TntoiBnipFond, £425 ; to Lord Bishop for mis sionary chaplains' stipends, passage-money for newclergymen,&c;,£6,3072a;totol,£15,01614s. Dealing with the present financial position of the Society we find thirteen outstanding mortgages with an aggregate of £5,330. These are first mortgages over freehold properties. In connection with two of these, Burns aggre gating £250 have been written off by the Directors for depreciation of securities. On eleven mortgages interest has been paid up to date, but on two mortgages (together £l,4C0) no interest is receivable, borrowers having assigned or become insolvent, and it having so far been found impossible to deal with the properties. There is also a deposit receipt £750, money being held in that form pending an investment on mortgage. Total, £6,080. Freeholds number eleven, and are taken in the books as repre senting value of £6,665 13s. Id. With the exception of a property in Strathalbyn, which was purchased aa an invest ment, 'the . freeholds have fallen into the Society's hards by foreclosure of mortgages. The estimated value of one of the properties has been written down by £200. Total annual rents now receivable: from freeholds only £184, and from this most, be deducted rates and land taxes on unoccupied lands. The Society's net Income i for 1887 was £850 15a. lid., and its average net income for five years (1882 to 1887 inclusive) was £579 9a, 8d. The Jock -up of capital in free holds taken over of coarse cripples tha operations of the Sooiety, With improved times, however, there should be no serious loss on the realization of the freeholds. To place the Society on a Bound financial footing having regard to the present values of the several properties, we think . it would be necessary to write down the capital as repre sented by mortgages and freeholds to £11,000.' The suggestions of the committee fcr a private Act, with reference to the constitution of the Society were then given. Therepcrtcontinued: In reply to a communication the Secretary of the State Children's Counoil stated that the Council had no objection to boarding out Chnrch of England destitute children with Buitable Church of England people, could such be found willing to take them. At the request of the committee Archdeacon Dove communicated with the country clergy with a view of ascertaining whether there were any Church families in their parishes willing to adopt State children. He received several applicationa for destitute Church children, and some such children have been placed in the Orphan Home. The proposed new rules of the Clergy Annuity Fund, as adopted by last Synod, were forwarded to ell the clergy subscribing to the fund, but did not re ceive the unanimous consent necessary for them to become law. At a meeting of subscribers certain alterations of the rales as adopted by Synod were made and subsequently received the approval of the Standing Committee, who have [now re ceived the consent in writing of every sub scriber. It .now only remains for Synod to approve of the rules as finally amended. With regard to a Financial Board the report of a Bpecial committee has been adopted, as follows, and the Synod ia asked to give effect to its recommendations :— Very reluctantly your committee have come to the opinion that the formation of a Financial Board on the lines lecommended in the Secretary's memorandum to the Bishop, in March, 1887, must be abandoned for the present. The cost of each a Board would be considerable, and the committee do not feel justified in recom mending that the various Church funds should be saddled with the necessary addi tional burden. Were the annual audits abolished a sum of about £50 per annum would be available.; bat this would go but a very little way towards the adequate pay ment of the members of such a Board, and further, your committee are not disposed to disagree with the opinion of the Dean and Chapter that the annual audits would, even supposing Buoh a Board came into existence, still be necessary. As the next beet thing your committee think that the Synod should give the Standing Committee power to appoint an honorary Financial Board, which would take the place of the present Finance Committee. Respecting the Finance Committee, your committee call attention to the fact that although it has been appointed for many years past, and its functions have been of great importance, it has never been recognised by Synod, and in fact Synod has had no official knowledge of its existence. A committee or Board having in many matters final discretion such aa the present Finance Committee has should have a distinctly de fined position, and ita duties Bhould be equally clearly laid down. Recommendations on the subject were, then made. Allusion was made to resignations and appointments, to the Sydney Church, Congress, the adop tion of rules of procedure and discipline, the petition which was presented to Parliament against the Divorce Bill, to properties devised to Synod under the will of Biahop Short, to properties vested in Synod during the year, the adoption of new grant-in-aid regulations, grants in aid of clerical incomes, the Vacant Cures Endowment Fund, the return of the Bishop, and the presentation ot addressee to the Governor and Bishop Barry. The report on the bill of costs in the case of the Rev, J, W. Donaldson waa aa follows :— The accounts rendered by the legal gentlemen eDgaged on behalf or the Diooese were— W. Barlow, LL.D., £11 4s. 4d.; J. E. Dampster (Chnrch Advocate), £186 lls. 8d.; W. H. Ben ham, £27 14b.; H.S. Wyatt, £118.=£2261Jb. In addition to this sum the following ex penses were incurred :— Expenses of wit neESes, £4; copy of documents, £1 4a.; purchase from Official Receiver of right in parsonage, £10; travelling and incidental expenses, £7 = £22 4s. = £248 15s. Deduct concessions— J. E. Dempster, £30; W. H. Benham, £12 14s. = £42 Ub. ; proceeds of sale of respondent's furniture under distraint, £32 Is.; endowment interest to date of sen tence, £10 3s. 6d. = £42 4a. 6cL = £84 18a. 6d.; total cost of trial to this Diocese, £163 7.6a. 6d. The committee propose to meet this expendi ture in the following manner :— Attorneys of the S.P.G. (promised grant), £50; Bpeoial assessment at Id. in the pound for the year 1889-90, £55 7b. 8d.; do. 1890-91, £56 7b. 8d. =£162 15b. 4d.' The report proceeded to say:— 'The arrears of BBBBEsment to Easter, 1888, due by the Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier, have been paid. The following Churches have not paid the Synodal assessment for the past year :— St. James's, West Adelaide; ChriBtChurch, Balak lava; St. Philip's, Belvidere; St. Mary's, Caltowie; Christ Churoh, Dublin; St. Mat thew's, Hamilton; St. Matthew's, Kensing ton ; St. Matthiaa'.Mannanarie; St. Benedict's, Minlaton ; St. Paul's, Montaouta ? Church of Holy Ctobb, Mount Gambier; St. Matthias', Mjponga;St. Alban'e, Port Wakefield; 8t. Matthew's, Quorn : St. Andrew's. Redhill ; St. Columba'a, Snowtown; St. Wilfred's, Teatree Gully ; St. John's, Terowie ; St. Augustine's, Virginia ; St. George's, Yorke town. The expenditure for the past year has exceeded the receipts by the sum of £64 16s. 7d. This excess is princi gaily accounted for by the default of the hurches who have not paid their assess ment, and by extraordinary expenditure. The following is an estimate of the expendi tureand receipts for the coming year. The rate of assessment is 5d. in the pound : — Expendi- ture, £319 5b. 8d.; deficit from 1888-9, £64 163. 7d.=£384 2s. 3d.; receipts, £384 2a. 3d,' In formation was given relating to the collec tions for the Home Mission and Mission to the Heathen Fonda, and the Endowment of ChurcheB Fund, and the account of the receipts and expenditure to December 31 last of the Clergy Annuity Fund were stated to have been £485 5s. 4d. and £65 6a. 9d. respectively, the anneal collections for the fond having decreased. The Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond report, whioh was attached, stated— 'The receipts daring the year have amounted to £896 6s., and the expenditure to £470 10a. 2d. The Baving of the isoome has been £425 15s. 10d., which has bsen capitalized. For the last three yeara the annual collections have been as fol lows:— 1886, £155 10s, 8d.; 1887a £135 9s. 5a\; 1888, £134 6s. 4d. Ia this case, as in that of the Clergy Annuity Fund, a falling off will be noticed. The following statistics are given in continua tion of those published last year:— Number of cler&y; licensed in the Diocese, 62 ; number of clery subscribing, S2 ; number of clergy who have ceased to do subscribers since the commencement of the fund, 36. The report of the Diocesan Board of Edu cation stated— Your Board desires to lay be fore the Synod the results of ita second year's labours, and it trusts that the report will serve to encourage yet further effort. It has been enabled with the very limited means at disposal to materially aid in establishing and nnuntfim. ir-g six of the Church day-schools of the Diocese, and is thankful to record that it has received from Islington, Williamstown, and Mocnta, the assurance that even the Bmall measure of help it has been enabled to accord lub pittvwl tiUwuely YAioftblBj Jj '|hj» report Ia appended a detailed ac&axnt; of the Boi«dia,flOMtitatiani(»4ts^^wceipts, and ex penditure, together j?ith a list cz schoola ancl a& aacoon* of their numbers, In Jahv 1888, a circular letter waaEent-cnt to every locum- . bent and Churchwarden in the. Dioceee, inviting attention to the subject of Church day-schoole, and although no very great response has been made, yet the Board feels that the effort waB not altogether wasted* inasmuch as a certain interest haa been aroused which, it is to bs hoped, may yet bear trait. Two Churches have responded to the appeal by giving their harvest thanks giving offerings to the funds of the Board. This is encouraging, and we hope other Churches may follow thia example. The Board also attempted to aronse the attention ot the general public by sending in a petition for the adoption of the Standing Committee* This petition asked for facilities for giving religious instruction in State nchools. Stand ing Committee adopted it, and ordered ita presentation to the Minister of Education. The Board regrets to state that through some misunderstanding this has not yet been done* but an.effort will be made during the eesBion of Synod to reopen the matter. The Board has endeavoured to do all it could to foster existing Church day-schools and to B.art new ones. It ia glad to report success in this last direction at Moonta« ParkBide^ and Mitcham ; and also to be able to eay that in nearly every instance there is con* tinually increasing growth in attendance. The Board In aware ci the existencs of a few schools in whioh undenominational religions instruction is gives, and it would ba glad fed assist such schools by Email grants ; bat in its present condition of finances it deems that alt its efforts must be directed to the aid of schools where there is a distinctive Churob teaching under the supervision of tha parochial clergy, For its own satisfaction and information the Board, in the absence of the Bishop, whom it gladly welcomed bio's: to' its presidency, ventured toaak thrBev. W. Ward to' act aa Inspaotor. Mr. Ward generously gave hia services to the Board, end personally examined several schools* The Board ia glad to report Mr. Ward's per manent appointment at its last meeting, and it hopes next year to be able to publish hia reports for the information of all interested. In order to throw further light on the reli gions education question in South Aus tralia, the Secretary pub himself into communication with a prominent Roman1 Catholic layman, and also with tha Eev. Pastor Dorsch. By both these gentlemen reliable information waa fully and courteously accorded, and it is shown .that the Roman Churoh haa some 48 schools with over 4,500 children on' tha books, and that there are forty-two) Lutheran schools, in whioh over 7,400 children are educated, in both oases on the distinctive religious Byetemu pf theas two bodies. At present we can show but thirteen Church schools, with about 8O0t children attending them. There also in? attendance at St. Peter's College and the Pulteney-Btreet School, which are under the management of Governors who are members of the Church of England, about 450 boys. When it is added that in Australia generally the Roman Catholics were found to have in 1888 75.C0O children, under the education of about 2,000 teachers in 813 schools, it should surely suggest eome very serious thought to ua all, and spur ua to better effort. Aa encouragement the Board may, perhaps, be allowed to eay that when it began its work in 1887 it found but eight distinctively Church echoola, with a roll of about 570 children. The Board, therefore, trusts it haa in eome measure justified Ub exiBtense. and deserved the support of both clergy ana laity, which it truBts may be yet more folly accorded to its efforts in the cause of an edu cation for the young based on the truths of that one faith in which ia the assure ice of that ' victory which overcometh the world.' Reports on the Diocesan Corresponding Committee of the Australasian Board oi Missions, the diocesan library, and the duration of Synod were attached, and the Bmall volume closed with a mass of statis tical information. At half-past 10 the Synod adjourned until this afternoon. 