Fanny, the Colt, Little Fanny was motherleBB, baring been discovered in an open field beside hex dead mother. Before she was a year old ehe could open tbe door to her own room and go to bed alone. She did not qaite anderstand the fastenings bom the inside, and had to be let oat in the morning. The ohildren, there were six, thought her a most wonderful baby, and claimed her as their own. The boys had taught her to take o£t their oaps with her teeth, shake hands with her feet, and do many other oate things. But when she was fonr years old Bhe had to work, for Fanny was only a horse, after all. Never was she driven exoept by one of the family, and she really aoted as if she liked to go. When the buggy was drawn out she would give a little pleased whinny and step daintily abont as it impatient to be off. And when onoe on the road disliked, of all things, to take the dust from another vehiolo. The ohildren were a oroupy set, and a physioian was often called, Fanny being the horse to be ridden every time ; and so well had she learned what was wanting if a saddle wes placed hastily upon her baok, she only waited for a rider, and without a hint from tho rein, bounded off in the direotion of tbe dootor's office; returning, she jogged leisurely home. It was <\sad day tor the family when one morning no glad whinny greeted tbe one who went to fued her. She had been stolen. Two other horses had been taken from a neighbor at the same time, and he bemoaned them as bo much money lost. But the joint owners of Funny grieved as if a friend were dead; to her it might be oven worse than death. " For how could the taker be other wise than oruel t" they asked. A thorough search was made, but no olne obtained, and the horses were given up as lost. The older ohildron atrove to be brave, but tbe younger ones oould not keep baok the tears when speaking of " poor Fanny," and the mother was ahooked one evening to hear four-year-old Bessie add to her infant prayer: "And please, Qod, send Fanny baok." She kissed tho ohild tenderly and whis pored ; " If we cannot have Fanny we will have another horpe to take her place, my dear." " But it wouldn't be her, mamma 1 I want just Fanny," and Bhe laid her faoe in mamma's lap and sobbed, as Bhe had done many timeB Binoe the loss. A few days later, aflthe family were at breakfast, Nora, the girl, rushed into the room, oxolaiming : " If ye' plase, mum, Fanny's in the stable, or else 'tis her ghost, sure I I wint to find the olo'es-pins lost last night, and AS I wint a-near the barn I beam a whin-now as like hern as two pase, and" bat; before she had oonoluded every seat was empty and all bad harried to tbe barn. The stable door was opened, and forth stepped Fanny to be hugged and kissed as never before. She still wore her haltor, from whioh a broken strap dangled, showing how she had released herself, and, onoe free, her presence in her own atallwas no mystery. An officer was duly notified, and taking her traokB he went about five miles along the beaah of tho lake, where, in the bluff over hanging a ravine, he found a sort of oave where the two other horses were still tied. Fanny had broken hor halter, opened the wide door that Bwung in, pushed her way through the brush piled againBt it, and hurried home to her own stable. The horses must havo been taken to their hiding-place by being led along the water's edge to conceal their traoks, and their food conveyed to them by boat. Tbe thief was not oaught, more is the pity. Evidently seeing tbe signs of Faany'B escape he was only too glad-to escape himself. The owner of the two horses suggested that Fanny onght to have a medal, but npon being ?hown a lump of sugar she uttered a decided neigh, and .then munched her sugar in .ilCBM. ' ' . 