THE EARLY HISTORY OF WILLIAMSTOWN FROM 1837 to 1873. First Prize Essay by “ Dingo.” [Revised and corrected by Mr William Hall, Junr., who arrived in the colony injune, 1S40.] In 1849 a tragic occurrence happened to two fishermen who lived in Williams town. They were killed by lightning while fishing in a boat on the Yarra. One of the men was father-in-law to the other, and both left widows in poor cir cumstances. A collection was at once made and splendidly responded to. The public of Melbourne were also attracted by the melancholy nature of the case and subscribed a good deal of money, chiefly in consequence of a poem on the subject by Mr James Wallace, of Williamstown, which ap peared in the Melbourne papers at the time. I have received a copy of the stanzas from the author, and in taking the liberty of inserting them here can only regret that they have not been ac corded a place more worthy of their beauty as a piece of poetic composi tion :— I love to roam on Williamstown's lone shore, When wanton gales awake the slumbering ocean; ' When like roused lions the wild whirlwinds And clouds and billows rise in dread com motion. I love to view the bold barque sweeping o er The warring waters with a seagull’s motion, In stern defiance of the hostile waves, While Boreus blusters and dread Neptune Ten thousand red bolts cleave the sable sky, The firm earth quakes beneath the crashing thunder, Two fearless men in death’s embraces lie— One fatal flash their life-threads rent asunder. Two frantic widows raise the wild death-cry, The awe-struck villagers are mute with wonder. A hapless mother and her daughter mourn, In life no more their lathers shall return. It melts the heart to see yon orphan boy, Who waits impatient on the cold bleak And o’er the bright waves cast an anxious eye— He seeks a parent he shall ne’er sec more. His sister weeps, the poor child wonders why— Grief never clouded her fair brow before— To thee, poor Jacob, ignorance is bliss, Those lips are clay-cold thou wert wont to kiss. Who loved a father, and loved him alone, Because no other being claimed his love, Can sigh, responsive to the orphan’s moan ; Who weeps for him translated to above. Hearts may be grief-proof as if made of stone, But not so mine—long years I vainly strove The tyranny of sorrow to suppress ; Yet years of struggle made my grief no less. Oh, how uncertain arc life’s precious gifts. How frail the loved ones we so fondly cherish, When the Omnipotent His hand uplifts, To strike down those foredoomed by fate to A-down the stream the boat unguided drifts. No more bright hopes its lifeless inmates nourish ; The morning sun shone on their manhood’s bloom, Its evening rays shall gild their lowly tomb. JAMES WALLACE, As a sequel to the Stony Creek tragedy an authentic ghost story is told on the authority of Mr James Wallace, an eye-witness, which may be given in that gentleman’s own words:— THE WILLIAMSTOWN GHOST STORY. A Sequel to the Stony Creek Tragedy “ Some books arc lies frac end to end, ; "treat lies \ ver penned. tell, l!ut this, which I am Komg: to Which lately on a nteht bcfel. Is just as true s the d.elstn Hell, Or Dublin City, he nearer comes ourseL # muckle pity. There lived in the locality of the Saltwater punt, now the town of Footscray, at the time of the tragedy, a particularly strong-minded man, who made his presence heard and felt among the crowd whenever there was one of which he formed an clement, and who, being oi a very dark complexion, was known by the name of Black Paddy Ryan. Black Paddy s loud voice, hold manner, and athletic figure impressed the people with the belief that he was possessed of a good stock of hraydry. But the pacific state of society afforded him no op portunity of showing it until after the cxeciv tion of Dansey, the murderer, and then an incident occurred which showed that Black Paddy’s courage was confined to this world, and that he had no ambition to exercise his courage in the dominion of Ghostland. It happened, on one occasion, that Paddy was delayed in Williamstown until the night set in, and as there was some vague rumor afloat that a ghost or two had been seen on several occa sions at the scene of the murder, which was reported to he haunted, and Paddy, being a firm believer in ghosts, and in their playing tricks upon travellers, frightening nursemaids, and compelling benighted schoolboys, when passing through graveyards, to whistle in order to keep their courage up, as the poet Blair informs us, he resolved to keep clear of the spot where the murder was committed, In stead of returning by the crossing place, the scene of the murder, he deviated to the left and got out of his latitude. After wandering about until wearied, he found the hospitable farm house of Davy Ross. Here he refreshed and rested himself, and then resumed his journey. He got lost again, and wandered about until the moon half emerged above the horizon, and he found himself—why, at the very spot he had striven by all means to avoid—at the flat stone where the murdered man was found. There were no fretful porcupines in Williams town in those days to which a ghost might have alluded; but when Paddy found where he was the discovery certainly did freeze his blood. There lived in those days in Williamstown Thomas Sloan, the village cooper. He had been a boatswain on hoard a man-of-war—had sailed every sea, crossed every ocean, and was in the habit of facing danger and death during many years. This was true as regarded danger in shape of shipwrecks and storms, bullets and bombshells ; hut the moment danger assumed the form of a ghost Tom’s courage evaporated, and he fled without waiting to analyze the ma6n^fnQefb^latnafcr''Srgc®0^;! known that a couple or more ghosts had , established their head station at the scene of I the murder at Stony Creel:, and that_ they were on view at all hours, weather permitting, and to he seen gratis, between " the gloaming ’ and twelve o’clock, I had urgent business in Melbourne. My pony, knowing it was Satur day, and likely to be a go-to-town day, rendered himself so invisible that though all my scholar^, stimulated by the promise of unlimited lollies, searched everywhere, pony eluded their search, and I took a passage in Mr William Hall’s boat that sailed regularly between Williams town and Melbourne on Royal Mail service, and used to accommodate a limited number of passengers at the rate of what lie jocularly termed " a bob-a-nob,” which when interpreted meaneth a shilling a head. Having transacted my business, I was on my way towards Cole’s wharf to take shipping homewards again in Mr Hall’s boat; when I met my neighbour Tom Sloan. He had come around the road with his horse and cart to purchase domestic necessaries, and had not yet completed his purchases. " But it would be a moonlight night, and it would save a 1 bob,’ he said, if I would wait and accompany him on the cart around the road.” I thought to myself that my finances could afford a " bob” without feel ing the privation, and that I would derive so much enjoyment on the journey by Mr Hall’s boat and its pleasant passengers, that if I were the giant Corinoran, with his two heads, I would not hesitate to pay two “ bolts” for my pair of “nobs” rather than endure the slow motion of Tom’s cart over nine miles of an up and-down track, enduring at the same time a thousand pitches and tosses skywards and in the direction of the lower regions. Apd— what would prove equally purgatorial—to hear him relate for the three thousand and forty-ninth time, his adventures among the Patagonians. But all the objections that I raised were overruled by Tom, and he so earnestly besought me to accompany him that I consented. It was dark when we crossed the Saltwater punt, hut the moon had arisen sufficiently high to dispel the darkness from the depths of the creek, and Tom had finished telling me for the ten-thousand-and-first time his experiences and sensations during some one of his hundred sea fights, when—the horse came to a sudden halt. We both looked forward to see the cause. But no other reason could he discovered except that we were in front of the fiat, upright rock against which Matthew Luck was supposed to be sitting when Dansey commenced his butchery by striking him on the temple, leaving the mark of the blow from a bottle plainly disccrnable—the bottle which, upon Doughboy’s evidence, they carried full of ginger-beer from the public house, and which the jury found smashed to pieces at the spot where the body lay. Tom lay stroke after stroke with his whip on the immovable horse. But his blows produced no effect. He then looked around in search of some other means of making the animal move. Turning his eyes in the direction of the flat faced upright stone he exciaimcd “ Dash my buttons, Wallace, look! look at that!” pointing in the direction of the flat-faced stone. Let me here observe that “ dash my buttons” was Tom’s only substitute for an oath or an imprecation. Confining himself to this one safety valve for letting off the ejaculatory steam, he used it so very frequently that his conversa tion might be said to be as densely ornamented with buttons as a footboy’s jacket. On heating Tom’s exclamation, I looked in the direction his finger indicated, and there behind the flat stone I beheld a dark body. It bore the vague resemblance of a human figure, but was of a shadowy consistency. Having taken a steady look at it, he asked / “ What do you make that out to be ?” '• I don’t know ; let us go and examine it.” “ No, dash my buttons if I do. I’d stand in front of a twenty gun battery if duty called on me, but it is no man’s duty to meddle with ghosts.” As I had some years previously by means of books and reasoning emancipated myself from the tyranny of ghosts, and learned to attribute all ghostly phenomenon to natural causes, my conduct on this occasion did not partake of one particle of the brave or the heroic. That cannot be heroism which in the case of ghosts, goblins and demons, springs from the utter un belief of the existence of such being at this side of the grave. Therefore, as I have a dislike to receive anything, desirable or otherwise, under false pretences, I beg of the reader to withhold his admiration. Acting, then, on the firm persuasion that the shadowy phenomenon was an optical illu sion, and seeing a fair opportunity of throwing Brutus, Richard the Third, and Thomas Sloan into the back grounds as far as regarded hero ism, by simply walking through a ghost, which none of these heroes dare do ; and in order that, when Tom would in future attempt to overwhelm me with exploits amid shipwrecks and tempests, bullets, bombshells, batteries, &c.;, I would be in a position to “ pull him up short” by saying, “ Yes, yes, that’s all tre mendously fine, Tom, but you hadn’t pluck to walk through a ghost as I had”—I, actuated by this motive, went for the ghost, determined to walk through it. But the shadow, although a short distance away, receded as I advanced, and yet kept so close to me that if it were palpable I could have touched or grasped it. I resolved, since I could not walk through it, that I would shove my fist through it; but in delivering the blow I allowed my body to bend too far forward, the centre of gravity overturning the base, and I fell prone on the earth. When I recovered my upright position the ghost had vanished; but the horse, not hav ing recovered from its fright, still refused to move until released from the cart, when it suffered itself to be led up to the open plain, whether it became so much recovered that it carried us both into the village. Tom Sloan’s name being on his dray, all who passed it on the day following before it was removed, required an explanation, and Tom brought his inventive faculties into opera tion, and heaped horrors on horrors to such an extent that, were it not for the heat of the weather the awe-struck listener’s blood would run cold. At length the ghost slory reached the cars of that prince of wondermongers, Jemmy Green, the principal Melbourne,barber, who kept a combined curiosity shop in Collins street. One would think that when it passed from Tom Sloan’s hands there would be no room at this side of possibility for improvement; but Tom compared to Jemmy, was only as the apprentice to the master. Jemmy so re-adorned it with additional horrors, that all who needed a barber or hairdresser’s service came crowding to his shop, chiefly for the purpose of hearing him tell the yarn, and, like the the proverbial snowball that increased by rolling—day after day he continued to pile up newly-fabricated horrors. One day, happening to be in Melbourne, as I’was passing Jemmy Green’s shop my name was called, and on looking behind, there stood Jemmy at his door, beckoning at me with a mysterious energy’. I entered the shop and I found it crowded with the unshaved and the i unclipped. Then did Jemmy flourish his scissors in the air, strike an attitude and say, “ Gintlemin, there’s one of the very min, now, that saw the two ghosts of Matthew Luck and Augustus Dansey.” In reply, I begged to be excused the pain of dwelling upon it; it was too horribly horrible, and, knowing the con fusion such a dreadful ordeal would give rise to, I rushed out. 