How the tiger Kills and Eati _ _ f Ih a paper read before the Bom bo < Natural History. Society recently, and:puj - lishedin its journal, Mr. Inverarity, a noto. . shikari , discussed the habits of the tiger and especially the mode, in which - it kills and eats its prey. Some think he seizes by the throat others by the nape of the. neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has examinsd scores of slain animals with special reference to ; this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an old boar who had been seized by the back of the neck from- above. One of a single file of villagers who wa9 once seized by the nape of the neck by a man Cater, but saved by his companions, had no ; idea when he recovered : his senses what: had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, withoutbreak- :ng tbe skin ; possibly the tiger kills in th« - same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak of flows from the throat wounds. Very large' and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins .eating a hind quarter, consuming' one or probably both. Sometimes he leaves, the stomach and intestines as they are ; somen :ues he will remove them to one side, mak :ug a neat parcel of them. A tiger and a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized an :n.'il at one meal, leaving only the head. li. ibis case it iB probable that the second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, bat dragged. Having gorged himself, the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather ; and there are hills in the neighbourhood, he will go a long distance off before resting for the day.. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on tbe hill ride than in the close hot jungle. He returns next night and finishes what : is left, but he never eats a second time on the same Bpot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or 60 yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half -devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger, tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes abont two hours' steady eatinglft- -. finish the fore quarters of a bullock-," Mr. Inverarity Bat over a BmaR tigress one . night who ate for ten minutes" then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as he could not see - her. Tigers are cannibals ; they will make their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no. donbt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt much for a few days ; but a tiger kills whenever he can. They have been known to kill on 14 conseontive nights. Mr. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense of pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is a fiction ; he clutches with hie claws as one - might with the fingers, bnt does not strike a blow. | Tigers wander immense distances at night, and, as they like easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw. They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a certain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward home, bnt on the way was caught by tbe tiger and killed. Tbe inquest report stated that Pandoo died of the tiger eating him ; there was no other cause of death. Nothing was left . except some fingers, which probably bmfl longed to the right or left hand." Na have a belief that the ghosts pfthH eater's victims ride in his headHHHm him of danger, or point the way to treso victims. 