ETHNOLOGICAL AN AUSTRALIAN NATIVE FIFTY YEARS AGO. [Br SHE LATB MB. F. W. TAFUK.] (Concluded.) Tbeevery-day lifeof the aboriginal consisted in making weapons with atone axes and shell or flint scrapers, a slow and tedious process. Many of their spears were twelve feet in length, of a single stick, and having numerous barbs; making each a weapon would oaaapy a man's spare time for several weeks. Nets were made of twine manufactured from several kinds of flax and roabea. These were steamed by hanging them over hot stones covered with wet earth. The fibre was then sepa rated by mastication, and spnn by robbing on the knee of the operator. It was no un common thing to see a number of men and women chewing rushes, and a oonple of old men making longlengths of twine from the chewed fibre. We have seen nets 100 feet long by about six feet deep made with this oord. The old natives even now a&seit; the superiority of their twine of former days to the European material now in use. Fish were netted and also speared. Ducks were often caught in nets, and feathered game generally obtained by means of the spear and boome rang. Kangaroo and wallaby were olubbed or speared. Skins of wallaby and opossum were sewn together with sinew and con stituted the household wardrobe, Large kangaroo skins and rash mats were spread on the ground and lined the walls of the hut. Previous to a general hunt a wallaby was prooured and burnt, the hunters chanting a song and dancing as the smoke ascended. This custom seems to be the only relio found amongst the Narrinyeri of a sacrifice or worship. All game obtained in a hunt was distributed by the chief. It was seldom that fatalities ooourred in their fijihti&g;, although the clubs aud spears used inflicted terrible wounds. The boomerang or, as they termed it, " pankatye" was used in warfare, and it may be remarked here tbat the performances of this ourious weapon seem to be somewhat overestimated by Euro peans. A boomerang only returns to the person throwing it In case of missing its mark 5 if it strikes the objeot It cannot con tinue its oourse. If the thrower misoalcnlates the elevation and the weapon strikes the ground before the mark it immediately rises high in the air and returns to its owner. And supposing, on the other hand, a boome rang is projeoted over and beyond its mark, it also rises, and returning to the vioinity of its owner may be used again. Only fair and legitimate weapons were permitted in warfare or in any skirmishing that might take place. Stone was forbidden, neither was a man permitted to strangle or bite his foe. Infringement of this role was punished by a certain nnmber of blows on the head, inflioted by the culprit's own tribe. In one instance a man severely bit his enemy's upper lip and was awarded four blows. In another case a domestio fracas resulted in a husband almost severing his wife's ear with his teeth. He consequently bad to suffer three blows from her brother's club. In case of sickness the advice of the chief and old men was sought, and these en deavoured by means of inoantation and Bong to dispel the evil influences at work. AQ Fickness and death were attributed to soroery, and various men of the Narrinyeri professed to be able to divine the oause and eeoure healing on payment of a sufficient fee. JEtab bing and kneading the body of the patient formed a considerable part of the prooess of these operators. They also claimed ability to squeeze the disease out by means of tight bandages, and to suok pain from the head through a tube made of human bone, }£a&y; of the antios and passes made by these quacks resembled the operations of a mesmerist, and there is reason to believe tbat these people were formerly acquainted with pHjohio foroe. We have known aboriginal men who claimed to be able to induoe Sleep by making passes. Medicines and poison were alike unknown. Flesh wopnas were healed by the applica tion of clean dry earth. In one case bronght under our notice amputation of the leg above the knee was treated satisfactorily In this way, A steam bath was used in some cases of fever by placing the patient over hot | stones covered with damp earth. Scarifying m inflamed part TO Also practised. All such remedies, however, were more or 1 etc 1 under the control &od; subject to the caprioe of the aforesaid nedioine mentor sorcerers. No poisoned weapons were used in fair fignlj, and the wounds made by wooden spears ana ?words healed quickly. Secret reyenw, however, was gratified in some oases br the nse of a poisoned dagger called _ Wgelyerri. This was generally made of bone, or hard wood, and was six or eight inohes in length with a blade about half an ineh wide and sharply pointed. Thlsdagger.ofterbeing buried in the fleshy part of the human corpse for several weeks, was kept wrapt up in a oover ingof human nair ana grease. A pnek from this deadly implement was said to caw fatal blood poisoning. The natives were so fear ful of this weapon that it was dangerous to point angelyerrftowards a ttaok. The eighteen olans or tribes of the Narrin verl each bad a totem or symbol oonsiatlng of animal, bird, reptile, insect, or vegetable This totem, whatever it may be, is supposed to contain the tutelary genius of the tribe, and althongh it might be used for food it was the imperative duty of all members of the ' community to protect It from assault or I cruelty. And if this " Ngaitye" or " friend of i the tribe was used for food all remains were carefully burnt or destroyed lest an enemy might make use of them as a charm against the eater. Not only had eaoh tribe a [ "Ngaitye" or "Totem," bat every iMnily would possess snob an attachment. All children belonged to the father s totem. SnakeB of various kinds were much esteemed in this way, and as some compensation for the Narrinyeri's fear of eating snake they used to catoh a representative of their goodgenluB, and after carefully extracting its fangs keep it as a household pet> In another instanoe an old native in fear lese his innocent Ngaitye might suffer, ate and swallowed a large hairy house spider. Persons are often named after ' their "Ngaitye." All persons olaunwg the protection of a tribal totem are called "Lakalinieri" or "brothers in arms. The Australian natives had their rain-makers, who professed to be able to change, the weather by meant of their incantations. They also believed in the power of the dead to influence the elements. A curious custom prevailed amongst these people, and which seems to point to a reua of Freemasonry. It was called Ngia ngiampe," and consisted in the father of a child entering into a compart with a parent in a neighbouring tribe that their obildren ever aiter were to call eaoh other 'Ngjan giampe," or "Friend of my loins." This ceremony was ratified by the exchange of bunoheB of emu feathers prepared in a pe culiar way. A man bad to always, ana under any circumstances, to help his ngiangiampe, but as they were not allowed to speak to eaoh other nor enter eaoh others presence this assistance had to be rendered through a third party. This fraternity were also bound to exchange presents every year, and as the Narrinyerl idea of property was communistic thie proceeding waB of mutual advantage to the tribes having 4 ngia* ngiampe." These persons were also much used as agents or messengers between the tribes, A man was safe in a hostile tribe so long as he had a ngtengi&mpe; to protect him. One reason for the foroed estrange ment of these parties was to prevent inter marriage of blood relations. If a man ob tained a wife from a .neighbouring tribe he oould prevent the possibility of objeotlonablo alliances by exchanging the "kalduke,' or token of "ngiangiampe" with some of her relatives. " ,., . , We have known cases in whioh by mutual ooneent the compact was resoindea and the i tokens retnrned. In other oases parties would be only temporarily. made^ ngia ngiampe to eaon other. Our idea of theft was beyond the comprehension of a Nar- I rinyeri, whose property belonged to his tribe. On the introduction of civilized habits and ; the consequent acquisition of iiurapean1 goods and chattels, this led to difficulty in the efforts of the missionary to elevate indl ; vidual blacks. In one instance a man earned ' a pair of trousers, and on being asked a few | days after why he aid not wear them replied that his friend got up first that morning aud appropriated them. - | In another case a woman was presented with a skirt, and coming to the mlsslonhouse a day or two after clothed only in the orthodox rug complained that her lord and | master had signified his approval of the garment by wearing it himself. The in junction of the Old Book to " Give to him i that asketh of thee, and from him that would i borrow of thee turn not thou away, was literally obeyed by the Narrinyerl They were also very hospitable and kind to strangers, although extremely wary and guarded sgainst treachery. The tracking powers of these people were not equal to the aborigines further inland, bnt were naturally great, if a visitor or stranger arrived it was considered the first duty of the men to note the contour and peouliar features of the Boles of his feet, which they judge rather than his face, a man walkB on his feet and not on bis face, The faot oi the first Europeans having their feet oonoealed in boots would give rise to suspicion that they were treacherous, and not to be trusted. I The Narrinyerl believe In a future state, and that after death all most go to Wyerre warri, the oelestial abode of their deities. They believe that communication is main tained between Heaven and earth through the spirits of the departed, and ghost stories are told and received with great creduiitv. I The genuine Australian ghost usually | assumed the orthodox white and misty form, but occasionally appeared as a blaok stump or a sheet of flame. At other times an invisible presence was said to be felt entwining oold, naked arms about its viotim. One tribe of the Narrinyerl describes a satanio visitant having spears projecting from his head. Consequently when a oouple of stray bullocks wandered into their territory previous to the advent oi European settlers they were regarded as genuine specimens of the old enemy. The name of the dead was tabooed until the re mains decayed. To mention the name, or i any part of it, indicated a want of sor row and respect for the deoeased. This I custom led to frequent changes in the I language. The funeral ceremonies of 1 these people are peouliar, and perhaps amongst the most revolting known. All death is attributed to sorcery, accidental or natural decease being considered impos sible, owing to the traditional statements regarding the translation of their hero gods without dissolution, On death taking place the death-wail is raised, and far and near would be heard this dismal sound. All were expeoted to join in the lamentation, negleot of the duty being considered evidence of i collusion with the wizard causing the de cease. We have seen women out themselves with shell and flint knives and throw dust in the Mr, uttering wild odes oi regret. All near relatives, male and female, shaved weir heads, end, spinning their hair into headbands with that of the dead, wore them as a sign of grief. The first night after the death a near male [ relation slept with his head on the corpse in order that he micht be led to dream of the cause of death. The chief often did thia in important oases, part of hh duty being to aot as Coroner. Aa farther evidence the corpse nu placed on a triangular bier or ngarabbe a day after death and elevated on the shoulders of three men facing away from esch other and towards the whole of the tribe standing round. The ohief would then ask the spirit of the deputed if the dream wai a correot cine. Affirmative replies were indioated by the bearers reoeiving an impulse from the corpse towards the chief. The names of any suspected persons present were then, called out, and if guilty resulted in an Impulse of the corpse towards them. This planohette- like proceeding was nasally kept up for several hours, resulting sometimes In a free fight, but seldom in more than diversity of opinion as to the proper verdiot. The in quest done with the next doty was to dry the body. This was aooomplisned by fixing it in a sitting cross-legged posture on a wooden frame abont three feet over a smoky fire. In a day or two the blaok outer skin was removed, leaving it white. It was then oalled "Gringkari." Henoe the reason for the natives calling the white people "Gringkari," the idea being that we are their dead returned from Hades. Some pensns have Inferred from this that the aborigines believe in transmigration of the soul, bat we are con vinced that there is no ground for this sup position. The blackman's doctrine seems to be merely transmogrification of the body. Soon after the Mission was established amongst the nativea at Point Maoleay in 1859 an unscrupulous white adventurer en deavoured to take advantage of the people's credulity by telling them that he was a member of their community returned from Paradise. As the individual he represented, however, left enemies as well as friends amongst the Narrinyeri, he soon found it wise to depart once more without any preliminary deoease. Advantage was usually taken to prepare instruments for bewitching purposes by plaeiog them inside the drying corpse. So necessary was this that the abolition of drying the dead has completely frustrated the power of the soroerera. The drying prooess usually ooou pied about eight weeks, and when completed the remains were tightly bound up in skins and kept in the hnt of the relatives for about a year. At the end of that time the bundle was hid away in the branches of a tree. As a final, mark of esteem the skull of a deceased relative wae often used as a drinking vessel. The drying of a corpse took place in an inhabited hut, ana the relatives lived day and night in the immediate vicinity of the reeking mass. In the early days of mission work the custom was a great nuisanoe, and particularly so when the ohief monrners would join a con gregation of worshippers on a hot Sabbath morning. Thus far we have endeavoured to present to yon something of the habits of the people once the sole oooupiers of this our native land. And, in conclusion, let me ask " Are we not, as usurpers of their oonntry, bound to do all that is possible to make reparation for the loss of a free life and the introduction of so muoh detrimental to their physical and moral welfare." The aborigines were diminishing in numbers before the white man oame, for savage life at a oertain stage is fatal to the human family. But the sensuality and un healthy Intemperanoe of this unfortunate race received a fatal stimulus on the intro duction of European vioe, 