novelist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. :; »Y ESTHER SER1E KENNETH. V- r (Concluded.) :, For a moment she thought it Bome wandering vagabond who had sought shelter there. Then she caught sight of a hand, white and shaDelv. haueriner nervelessly from the side of the bench, . and she knew she was mistaken. At , first she was undecided what to do. Then -with a sudden thought she went for ward and spoke to the prostrate figure. " Are you ill ? Why are you here ?" \- ".The man had heard her step, and as. she commenced speaking, he looked up, showing a face which seemed familiar to her, though she did not recognise it. It was a dark, bearded, handsome face, very pale and haggard. The figure was shrouded in a cloak, but the dress about the breast seemed very much disordered, and she caught a glimpse of bloody linen. " Are you hurt ?" she asked. He did not auswer for a moment, or attempt to rise, but lay looking at her with two mournful, hollow eyes. \- " Who are you ?" he said at last. " I am Emma Lamar. I live here. If you are hurt, come into the house, and let me do what I can for you." . He raised himself on his elbow, feebly gathering the cloak over his breast. V I dou t know whether I am going to ; die or not," he said. " I'm sick, and I've a cut here in my breast. If I could be tak- n care of, I might live ; but I think . it's hardly worth while. No, I think I will lie here," he added, sinking down on the seat again. Emma thought he was delirious. She vweut nearer and looked down into his face, as he lay with closed eyes, and a sudden, swift discovery came to her. It was the man they had .found apparently dying in the northwest chamber. He put out his hand as he suddenly opened his eyes and saw her bending above him. "Ill tell you who I am," he said, that you may bury me in the family , burying ground— Rick Meadows, Major Meadows. See here," with a faint, bitter smile, showing his officer's dress. 'Just let me alone now, if you nlease I think I'll be comfortably dead by morn- ng." ,/, "You must not stay here 1" exclaimed ; I'nma, with sudden, swift energy. "You v , II freeze to death. Rouse up, I beg ; y to walk. You must go into the ..use." Her energy seemed to rouse him. " Who is there ?" he asked. \- No one ; will you come ?" . '\Shall I see no one 1 I don't want to -meet anyone." : "You will not." h h k0l"tate( a momenkj looking up to Then he got upon his feet— a tall, haggard figure— and took the arm Emma gave him. " You're very good," he muttered, as lie passed the threshold, and suddenly fell senseless upon the floor. She never knew how she got him into her room, and upon the bed. When asked, afterward, Bhe said : "I believe he was heavy, but I did not think that then." An instinct of protection for this deso late man had suddenly seized upon her ; and, with the earnestness of one to whom few passions came, she forgot everything in her absorbing efforts for his restoration. That he was emaciated, ; as if from suffering, she discovered ; and / that he had a deep cut in the breast, which, clotted with gore, no longer , bled. . His swoon was frightfully long, but, \- . when he could speak, she gave him food and wine, judging rightly that he was in need of nourishment. As soon as he revived, he said ; " Don't let any one know I'm here. I'll tell you about myself to-morrow. Thank / you for your kindness ; I think I'll go to IkHU jOV Then with a long sigh ii- closed his eyes and fell asleep as lightly as a. child. Hearing her brother coming, Emma hastily left the room and closed the door, Westerly flung himself heavily into a chair, and said : " Hurry up supper, Em ; I have got to go to town to-night." He evidently expectid that she would expostulate, and was surprised at her silence ; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, he took himself off. She went back to her room. The stranger was awake, and put out his "hand. " Come here, please. Tell me whose voice I heard." " My brother's." " What is his name !" " Westerly Lamar." " Js he young, broad-sliouldercd, low browed, dark V "Yes." " I thought I knew the voice," he said. " I'm so tired 1" He spoke with a weariness that was not all weariness of the body. " Can you tell me about yourself now ?" " There is no need ; yet I trust you, if you like to hear a disagreeable story. I'm a bad fellow — not a man for a girl like you to pity and help ; yet 1 thank you all the more for what you have done for me. Do you remember me as Rick Meadows ?" ".No." " You were probably a child when I went away from here, a boy. My father died, and I went ipto the army. I got a taint there which made me more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I learned to drink and gamble. When the war was over I came back to the city where I was born, but I had no home, no restraining influence for a turbulent nature and loose habits ; and for years my life was a whirl of adventures and dangers. There were times when I grew heart-sick with myself, for I am not naturally a brute ; but I spent my youth waBtefully, and middle life found me wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immersed in various difficulties. Among other things I waB in debt ; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All this must sound to you entirely base and without excuse. In one sense it was so. One day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor ; and tortured by my conscience — for the man was poor and needed the money — I forged my brother's name to a note, satisfying my- Belf with the thought that I would re deem the note before it was due, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But before the noie was due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. I was not recovered until a few weeks of the pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered me quite frantic. "I bad abandoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luck would release me from my difficulties. 1 was not fortunate ; the more I played the more I lost ; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate staring me in the face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the army. I played with your brother, won all his money, when he suspected me, and, in a passion, sought my life. I escaped in the crowd which the excitement called up, and, passing a depot, flung myself into the cars, only desirious of leaving the city. But I found that I was en route for Lennox, and re solved to hide myself here until I knew what better to do. The night before last I came here, swung myself on the grape vine trellis to the porch window, which was unfastened, let myself into the house, and wandered abouo, never dream ing there was anyone here. I could not sleep, and, afc r pacing the floor for a while, I catne down into the garden. This room my old nurse used to sleep in, and some sorrowful memory led me to the window. I was astonished to see you, and, finding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I wandered around the village all day, unrecognised by the people who used to know me well. At night I took a fancy to coine back to the Crag, believing that I should meet no one so late ; but, as soon as I shut myself in the close room, a spasm of suffocating pain seized me, and, with the instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes remained closed, I was conscious of your entering the room, and of all that passed in my presence. When your brother drew that; keen blade down my breast I was pain fully aware of it, yet could make no sign until the blood suddenly started. He had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let myself down from the window, closing it behind me in my excitement and sickly terror, fearing purauit. I staggered down the garden path, and fell fainting upon the seat of the summer-house where you found me. I had lain there all day. To night I should have died if you had not been so good a friend. And yet death would have been a better frieud, Miss Lamar. You cannot concieve of my utter wretchedness and undesire to live." " But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeem yourself — " "I cannot. A felon's cell is my only project in life f ' " How much money s required to meet the note's demand ?" " Five hundred dollars." It was more money than Emma Lamar had ever possessed in her whole life ; yet she sat silent, trying to think how it could be gained. Major Meadows lay looking in surprise at the grave beauty of her quiet face. " Tell me truly, shall I trust you ?" she said at last. " In what manner ?" " If I get this money for you, will you return it at a given time 1" "I will." " I must borrow it, giving my good name as security. If I do this, will you return it in one year ?" "I will." She looked steadily into hiB face. It was set in earnest meaning, and she believed him. " I trust you. I will get the money to night. And, Major Meadows, I do it as much to make you trust yourself as to relieve your present distress. If you can return the money honorably at the end of the year, you will have a capital of honesty, perseverance, and virtue with which to commence a better future. Do you understand ?" " I do ; and so help me, spirit of my mother. I will not disappoint your trust Mis Lam»r." '"Then I must leave you alone for an hour. You are quite comfortable ?" "Yes." The brave girl wrapped herself in a cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although the village clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housed for the night. She went into the heart of the village, but in lest than an hour was making her way sw ftlyback. She came into the room so quietly that when she returned Major Meadows was startled. She placed the notes before him and counted them over. " Heaven bless you !" he exclaimed. " When is this money due ?" "To-morrow." " Then you must take the night train ; yet you are hardly able." " I can go very well now, my heart is so stout," he said. She brought him fresh linen from her brother's wardrobe, and necessary toilet articles ; and then she left him. In an hour he came out, looking like a different man. "It is half-past ten. You have but half-an-hour before car time," she said. " Do you know how I wish you were my sister ?" he said, looking down at her. " I wish my brother knew how good a sister I try to be," she said, her eyes filling quickly. "Major Meadows, you are more than welcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep your promise." " You shall see how I will keep it. You will be here at the end of a year ?" " I shall be in town. The old clergy man at the parsonsige will know where I am." " Good- bye. I cannot thank you." " God help you 1 Good-bye." And he strode away from the door in the moonlight. The next day it was like a dream to Emma Lam»r. Only in her heart there seemed a fresh chord alive. They went back to the cottage, for Westerly still continued the practice of visiting the city at night. He grew very dissipated, and, when she expostulated with him, he flew into so violent a passion as to silence her. In her hopelessness she allowed herself sometimes to think, — "If Major Meadows does well, and lives to come back, I think he will be my friend." She was aware that she did not see him as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in the place would be shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man as Major Meadows with friendly in terest. She only realised that he was some one with whom she was in sympathy, and that he had wished she was his sister. Friendless girls have innocently done far worse than this. The spring and summer passed. All the neighborhood realised that Emma Lamar had a great trial with her brother. He was noticeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threatened to discharge him from his class. He would be in the city away from his studies weeks at a time. In the fall he was publicly expelled from the institute, the professor declining to excuse his conduct longer, and he im mediately disappeared from the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar ; but she could hardly look any paler or more distressed than she had done for a year past. She had also another anxiety. It was November, and the money she had borrowed was due. It terrified her to think of its failure ; yet she seldom thought of that. She had an instinctive trust that Major Meadows would not break his promise. One night there was a terrible storm. She sat alone at her work, when there caine a sound of heavy footsteps, and her brother burst into the room. " Oh, Emma, save me !" he cried. " Westerly, what is it ?" she exjiaiuied, starting up. " I have broken into the Merchant's Bank, and the officers are after me." Emma Lamar sank down in despair. " Oh, for a friend !" she cried. There came a knoek at the door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im mediately recognise, entered. The next moment she knew it was Major Meadows. "Miss Lamar !" he said. " Oh, Major Meadows, tell me — tell me what to do for my brother !" exclaimed Emma, turning to him with a manner which betrayed ln r faith in him ; and, indeed, he looked worthy of it — healthful, composed, happv. " Tell me what is the matter." "My brother is to be arrested. He has broken a bank." It was quite a grave matter. The officers came to the cottage and arrested Westerly Lamar; but the following day Major Me idows became bail for him, and he was released. Through the major's intercessions he was finally acquitted, for he had been only accessory to the crime. But he had received a thorough check in his reckless career, and promising his friends lie would do better, he went to California, where he turned liis attention to business and did well. Major Meadows had succeeded to his brother's property, and was a wealthy man ; but the five hundred dollars that he r turned to Emma Lamar he had earned every cent, by the labor of his hands. He had acquired regular habits and regained his self-respect; and when lie asked Emma Lamar to be his wife, she was not ashamed to say that she loved him. The old Meadows ho st was refurnished, and thrown open. A happy family gathered in it, and rosy childi 'o played in the garden. They little dreamed how near to death their beloved father had once come in that old place. 