The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS INGOLDSBÏ, ESQ. It is on my own personal reminiscences thai I draw for the following etory : the scene of its loading event was moat familiar to ma in early life. If the principal actor in it bo yet livings he mnst liave reached a wry advanced age. Ho wa»often at theHali, in wyinftticy, oti professional visits. " . - . THE GHOST. THESE stands a City,—neither large nor small,— Its air and situation sweet and pretty ; It matters very little—if at all,— Whether its denizens are dull or witty, Whether the ladies there are short or tall, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a city 1— Perhaps 'tis also requisite to minute. That there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it. A fair Cathedral, too, the story eoef, And kings and heroes lie entombed within her; There pious saints in marble pomp repose,* ™ Whose shrines are worn by knees of many a sinner ; There, too, full many an aldermanic nose Roll'd its lond diapason after dinner ; And there stood high the holy sconce of Becket, —Till four assassins tame from France to crack it. The castle «as a huge and antique mound. Proof against all th" artillery of the quiver, Ere those abominable gnus were found, To send cold lead through gallant warrior's liver. It stands upon a gently rising ground, Sloping down gradually to the river, Resembling (to compare great things with smaller) A veil-scooped, mouldy Stilton cheese—but taller. The Keep, I hear, 's been sadly altered lately. And 'stead of mail-clad knights, of honour jealous, In martial panoply so grand and stately, Its walls are filled with money-making fellows, And etuff'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly. With leaden pipes, and coke, and coals, and bellows ; In short, so great a change has come to pasr, 'Tis now a manufactory of Gas. But to my tale.—Before this profanation, And ere its ancient glories were cut short all, A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station In a small house just opposite the portal ; His hirtb, his parentage, and education, I know but little at—a strange odd mortal ; His aspect air and gait, were all ridiculous ; His nauie was Mason—he'd been christened Nicholas. Nick had a wife possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon persuasion ; But spite of all her piet y, her arm She'd sometimes exercise when in a passion ; And, being of a temper somewhat wano, Would now arid then seize, upon small occasion, A stick, or stool, or anything that round did lie, And baste her lord and master most confoundedly. No matter I— tis a thing that's not uncommon, 'Tis what we have all beard, and most have read of— I meaD, a bruising pugilistic woman, Such as I own I entertain a dread of, —And so did Nick, whom sometimes there would come on A sort of fear his spouse might knock his bead off, Demolish half his teeth, or drive a rib in, She ehoneso much in facers and in fibbing. " There's time and place for all things," said a sage, (King Solomon, I think, ) and this I can say, Within a well-roped riDg, or on a stage, Boxing may be a veiy pretty Fancy, When Messrs. Burke or Bendigo engage ; —'lis not so well in Susan, Jane or Nancy :— To get well mill'd by any one's an evil, But by a lady—'tis the very Devil, And so thought Nicholas, whose only trouble (At least his woist} was this bis lib's propensity ; For sometimes from the alehouse he would hobble. His senses lost in a sublime immensity Of cogitatioD—then he couldn't cobble, And then his wife would often try the density Of his poor skull, and stiike with all her might, As fast as kitchen-wenches strike a light. Mason, meek soul, who ever hated strife, Of this same striking had the utmost dread, He hated it like poison—or his wife— A vast antipathy !—but so he said— And very often for a quiet life, Oa these occasions he'd sneak up to bed, Grope darkling in, and, soon as at the door He heard his lady—he'd pretend to snore. One night, then, ever partial to society, Nick, with a friend (another jovial feilow), Weut to a Club—I should bave said Society At the " City Arms," once called the Porto Belio; A Spouting party, which, though some decry it, I Consider no bod lounge when one is mellow ; There tbey discuss ths tax on salt and leather, And change of ministère aud change of weather. In short, it was a kind of British Forum, Like John Gale Jones's, erst in Piccadilly, Only they managed things with more deorum, And the Orations were not quite so silly ; Far different questions, too, would come before 'em, Not always Politics, which, will ye niil ye. Their London prototypes were always willing To give one quantum tuf. of—for a chiHinjr, It more resembled one of later date, And tenfold talent, as 1'in told, in Bow Street Where kindlier-natured souls do congregate ; And, though there are who deem that same a low street, Yet I'm assured, for frolicsome debate And genuine humour it's surpassed by no street, When the " Chief Baron " entera, and assumes To "rule" o'er mimic "Thesigers" and " Broughams." Here they would oft forget their Rulers' fanltf, And waste in ancient lure the midnight taper ; Inquire if Orpheus first produced the Waltz, How Gas-lights differ from the Delphic Vapour, Whether Hippocrates gave Glauber's Salts, And what the Romans wrote on ere they d paper— This night the subject of their disquisitions Was Ghosts, Hobgoblins, Sprites, and Apparitions. One learned gentleman, "a aage grave man," Talk'd of the Ghost in Hamlet, **eheath'd in steel"— His well-read friend, who next to speak began. Said, " That was Poetry, and nothing real ; " A third, of more extensive learning, ran To Sir George Yiiliere' Ghost, and Mrs. Veal; Of eheeteii Spectres spoke with shorten'd breath, And thrice he quoted Drelincourt on Death. Nick smoked, and smoked, and trembled as he heard The point discus&'d, and ail they said upun it, How, frequently, some murderM man appear'd, To tell his wife and children who had done it ; Or how a miser's ghost, with griesly beard. And pale lean visage, in en old Scotch bonnet, Wander'd about to watch hie buried money ; When all at once Nick heard the clock strike One—he Sprang bom his seat, not doubting but a lecture Impended from his fond and faithful She ; Nor could be well to pardon him expect her, For he had promised to come home to tea ; But having luckily the key o' the back door, He fondly hoped that, unperceived, he Might creep upstairs again, pretend to doze, And hoax his spouse with inujeic from his nose. Vain, fruitless hope !—The weary sentinel At eve may overlook the criiuchiug foe, Till, ere his hand can Bound the alarum-bell, He sinks beneath the unexpected JJIOW ; Before the whiskers of Grimalkin fell, When elumb'ring on her post, the moiue may go— But woman, wakeful woman, '« never weary, —Above all, when she waits to thump her deaiy. Soon Mrs. Mason heard I lis well-known tread ; She heard tha key Blow creaking in the door. Spied, through the gloom obicure, towards the bed Nick creeping soft, as «ft he had crept before; When, bang, she threw a something at his head. And Nick at once lay progtrats on the floor ; While she exclaimed, with her indignant lace on— » " How dare you use your wife so, Mr, Mason !" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, Especially the length of her oration— Spare we to tell how Nick expostulated, Housed by the bump into a good set passion, So great, that more than once he execrated. Ere he crawl'd info bed in his usual fashion ; —The Muses hate brawls ; suffice it then to say, He duck'd below the clothes— andj'there he lay 1 "Twas now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead, And many a mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead, And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight, To play his pranks near come poor wretch's bed, Sleeping, perhaps serenely ai a porpoise, Nor dreaming of this fiendish Habeas Corpus Not so our Nicholas : his meditations Still to the same tremendous thenre recurred, The same dread subject of the dark narrations, Which, back'd wilh such authority, he'd heard : Lost in his own horrific contemplations, He ponder'd o'er each well-remembered word ; When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, He verily believed he saw—a Ghost 1 Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantial sprite To his astonieh'd gaza eaoh moment grew ; Ghastly-and gaunt, it rear'd its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the view, And round its long, thin, bony fingers drew A tatter'd winding-sheet, of course all white;— The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, Nick very plainly saw it through the shroud, i And now those matted locks, which never yet Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, Their long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force ; Nay, e'en the veiy cap, of texture coarse, Whose ruby cincture crown'd that brow of jet, Uprose in agony—the Gorgon's head Was but a type of Nick's up-equating in the bed. From every pore distill'd a clammy dew, Quaked every limb—the candle, too, no doubt, En, regie, would have burnt extremely blue, But Hick unluckily had put it out ; And h°, though naturally bold and stout, In short, was in a most tremendous stew • The room was fill'd with a sulphureous smell, But where that came from Mason could not tell. All motionless the Spectre stood—and now Its rev'reud form more clearly shone contest, From the pale cheek a beard of purest snow Descended o'er its venerable breast ; The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furrow'd brow, Told of years long Bone by.—An awful guest It stood, and with an action of command, Beckon'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand. "Whence, and what art thou, Exeerable Shape ? " Nick might have cried, could he have found H tongue, But his distended jaws could only gape, And cot a sound upon lhe welkin rung - His gooseberry orbs seem'd as they would have sprung Forth from their sockets—like a frighten'd Ape He sat upon his haunches, bolt uprigl^ And shook, and grinn'd, and chatter'd with affright. And still the Shadowy finger, long and lean, Now beckon'd Nick, now pointed to the door ; And many an ireful glance, and frown, between, The angry visage of the Phantom wore, As if quite vex'd that Kick would do no more Than stare, without e'en asking "What d'ye mean ?" ' Because, as we are told—a sad old joke, too— Ghost*, like the ladies, never speak till spoke to. Cowards, 'tis said, in certain situations, Derive a sort of courage from despair, And then perform, from downright desperation, Much more than many a bolder man would dare. Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a passion, And therefore groping till he found the chair, Seiz'd on bis awl, crept softly out of bed, And followed quaking where the Spectre led. And down the winding Etair, with noiseless tread, The tenant of the tomb pass'd tlowly on, E»ch mazy turning of the humble shed Seem'd to his step at once familiar grown, So safe and eu re the labyrinth did he tread As though the domicile had been his own. Though Nick himself, in passing through the shop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, The door upon its hinges open flew ; And forth the Spirit issued—yet around It turo'd, as if its follower'* fears it knew, And, ones more beckoning, pointed to the mound. The antique keep, on which the bright moon threw With eueh effulgence her mild silvery gleam, The visionary form seem'd melting in her beam. Beneath a pond'roue archway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis swung sublime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, Scle, sad memorials of the olden time, The Phantom held its way—and though afraid Even of the owls that sung their vesper chime, Pale Nicholas pursued, its steps attending, And wondering what on earth it all would end in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recess At length they reach a court obscure and loue— It seem'd a drear and de3o'ate wilderness, The blacken'd walls with ivy all o'ergrowu ; The night-bird shriek'd her note of wild distress. Disturb'd upon her solitary throne, As though indignant mortal step should dare, So led, at such an hour, to venture there ! —The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Nick thought an iron ring, But then a neighbouring chanticleer awoke, And loudly 'gan his early matins sing ; And then " it started like a guilty thing," As his shrill clarion the silence broke. —'lis known how much dead gentlefolks eschew The appalling sound of " Cock-a-doodle-do ! " The vision was no more—and Nick alone— " His streamers :waving" in the midnight wind, Which through the ruins ceased not to groan - —His gument, too, was somewhat short behind— And, worst of all, he knew not where to find The ring—which made him most his fate bemoan— The iron ring—no doubt of some trap-door, 'Neath which the old dead miser kept his store. "What's to be done?" he cried; "Twere vain to stay Here in the dark without a single clue. Oh, for a candle now, or moonlight ray ! 'Fore George, I'm vastly puzzled what to do," (Then clapp'd his hand behind)—" 'Tis chilly, too— I'll mark the spot, and come again by day. What can I mark it by ?—Oh, here's the wall— The mortar's yielding—here Til stick my awl !" Then rote from esrth to sky a withering shriek, A loud, a long-protracted note of woe, Such as when tempests roar, and timbers creak, And o'er the bide the masts in thunder go ; While on the deck resistless billows break, And drag their victims to the gulfs below ; Such was the scream when, for the want of candlr, Nick Maïon*drove his awliu up tolhehandlc. Scared by his Lady's heart-appallibg mUiL cry, Vanish'd at once poor Mason's golden dream— ^ For dream it was ; and all his vinms high, Of wealth and grandeur, flei' before that scream— And still he listens with averted eye, When gibing neighbours make *• the Ghost " their tbeme ; While ever from that hour they nil declare That Mrs. Mason used a cushion in her chair 1 C,»h found not, I beseech thef, reader, the subject of the following monody with the hapless hero cf the tea-urn, Cupid, of 'Tow- Yow" -ing memory. Tray was an attached and sincere friend of many years' standing. Most people worth loving have bad a mute favourite or two of this kind ; Lord Byron says be " never had but one, and here he (the dog, not the noblemafi) lies ! " f THE CYNOTAPH. Poor Tray charmant ! Poor Tray de mon ami ! Dog-bury and Toilers. OH ! where 6hall I bury my poor dog Tray, Now his fleeting breath has passed away ? Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen bim gambol, and frolic, ani play, Evermore happy, and frisky, and gay, As though every one of his months was Hay, And the whole of his life one long holiday— Now he's a lifeless lump of clay, Oh ! where shall I buiy my faithful Tiay Î I am almost tempted to think it hard That it may not be there, in yon sunny churchyard, Where the green willows wave O'er the peacefui grave, Which holds all that once was honest and brave, Kind, and courteous, and faithful, and true ; Quilitiee, Tray, that were found in you. But it may not be—yon sacred groubd, By holiest feelings fenced around, May ne'er within its hallowed bound Receive the dust of a soul-less hounds I would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sun through the storied pane Throws «u lhe pavement a crimson stain ; Where the banners of chivalry heavily swing O'er the pinnacled tomb of the Warrior King, With helmet and tliield, and all that sort of thiug. No !—come what may, My gencle Tray Shau't be an intruder on bluff Harry Tudor, Or panoplied monarchs yet earlier and ruder Whom you see on their backs, In stone or in wax, Though the Sacristans now are " forbidden to ax" For what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous tax ;" While the Chartists insist they've a right to go snacks— No5—Tray's humble tomb would look but shabby 'Mid the sculptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Besides, in the place They say there's not space To bury what wet-nurses call "a Babby." Even " Rare Ben Jonson," that famouB* wight, I am told, is interr'd there bolt upright, In just such a posture, beneath his bust, As Tray used to sit in to beg for a crust The epitaph, too, Would scarcely do : For what could it say, but, " Here lies Tray, A very good sort of a dog in his day ! " Aud satirical folks might be apt to imagine it Meant as a quiz on the House of Plantagenet. No ! no !—The Abbey may do very well For a feudal " Nob," or poetical "Swell," " Crusaders," or " Poets," or " Knights of St. John," Or Knights o£ St. John's Wood, who last year went on To the Castlt of (Soobt 9Lorbr ©gh'ntomtf. Count Fiddle-fumkin, and Lord Fiddle faddle, Sir Craven," " Sir Gael," and " Sir Campbell of Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heard of the feat, "Was somehow kaock'd out of his familyseat ; ") The Esquires of the body To my Lord Tomnoddy ; "Sir Fairlie," "Sir Lamb," And the " Knight of the Ram," The "Knight of the Rose," and the *' Knight of the Dragon," Who, safe at the flagon, And prog in the waggon, The newspapers tell us did little to " brag on ; " And more, thuuph the Muse knows but little concerning vm, Sir Hopkins," " Sir Poptins," " Sir Gage," and Sir Jerningham." AU Preux Chevaliers, in friendly rivalry Who should best bring back the glory of Chi- valry.— —(Pray be so good, for the sake of my song, To pronounce here the ami penultimate long ; Or some hyper-critic will certainly cry, " The word • Chivalry ' is but a ' rhyme to the eye.' " Aud I own it is civr.ir A fastidious ear Will be, more or less, always annoyed with you when you insert any rhyme thac's not perfectly genuine. As to pleasing the "eye," 'Tisu't worth while to try, Since Moore and Tom Campbell themselves admit " spinach," Is perfectly autiphonelic to " Greenwich.")— But stay '—I say ! Let me pause while I may— This digression is leading me sadly astray From my object—A grave for tuy poor dog Tray ! I would not place bim beneath tliy walls, And proud o'ershadotviug dome, St. Paul's I Though I've always coasider'd Sir Christopher Wren, As au architect, one of the greatest of men ; And, talking of Epitaphs— much I admire liis, " Circumspice, si Monwmntum requirit; " Which an erudite Verger translated to me, "If you ask for his monument, Sir come- spysee 1 " No!—I should not know where To place him there ; I would not bave bim by surly Johns an be ;— Or that Queer-looking horse that is rolling on Ponsouby— Or those ugly minxes The sister Sphynses, Mix'd creatures, half lady, half lioness, ergo, (Deuon says), the emblems of Leo aud Virgo ; On one of the backs of which singular jumble, Sir Ralph Abercrombie is going ta tumble, With a thump which alone were enough to despatch him, If the Scotchman in front shouldn't happen to catch him. No ! I'd not have him there—nor nearer the door. Where the Man nud the Angel have got Sir John Moore,* And are quietly letting him down through the floor, Near Gillespie, the one who escaped, at Yellore, Alone from the row ; Neither hts, nor Lord Howe Would like to be plagued with sHittle Bowwow. ' No, Tray, we must yield, Acdi go further a-field ; To^Iay you by Nelson were downright eOrontj'y ; —We'll be off from the City, and look - at the country. In the autunm of 1S24, Captain Mcdwin having hinted that certain beautiful lines on the burial of this gallant officer might have becu the production of Lord Byron's Muse, the late Mr. Sydney Taylor, somewhat indignantly, clr-imed tbcm lor their rightful owner, Uie late Rov. Chas. Wolfe. During the controversy a third claimant started up in the person of a mi-dixant "Doctor Marshall," who .turned out to bs a Durham blacksmith, and bis pretensions a hoax. It was then that a certain " Doctor Peppercorn " put forth his pretensions, to what he averred was the oaly " true and. original " version, viz.:— Kot a mux liad he got—not a guinea or note, And he look'd confoundedly Hurried, As he bolted away without paying his shot, And the Landlady after liim hurried. We saw him again at dead of night. When home tnxn the club returning ; We twigg d the Doctor beneath the light Of the gas-lamp brilliantly burning. All bare, and exposed to the midnight dews, Reclined in the gutter we found him : And he look'd like a gentleman taking a snooze, With his Marshall cloak around liim. " The Doctor's as drunk as the d we said, And we managed a shutter to borrow ; We raised Mm, and sighed at the thought that bis head Would "cansmnedly ache " on the morrow. We bore him home, and we nut him to bed, And we told his wife and his daughter To give him, next morning, a couple of red Hen-ings, with soda-water. Loudly they tolk'd of bis money that's gone, Aud his Lady begaa to upbraid him ; But little he rfcck'd, so they let him snore on 'Neath the counterpane just as we laid We tuck'd him in, and had hardly done When, beneath the window calling. We heard the rough voice of a son of a gun Of a watchman " One o'clock ! " bawling. Slowly and sadly wc all walk'd down From his room to the uppermost storey ; A rushlight we placed on the cold hearth- stone, And we left lui alone in his glory. It shall not be there, In that sepulchred square. Where folks are Interr'd for the sake of the air, (Though, par but the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they grant to Thuggs, and Hindoos, Turks, Infidels, Heretics, Jumpers, and Jew»), Where' tbe tombstones are placed la the veiy best taste, At the feet and the head Of the elegant Dead, And no one's received who's not K buried in lead ; " For, there lie the bones of Deputy Jones, Whom the widow's tears, aud the orphan's groans Affected as much as they do the stones His executors laid on the Deputy's bones ; Little rest, poor knave ! Would he have in bis grave ; Since Spirits, 'tis plain, Are sent back ngain, To roam round their bodies—the bad ones in pain— Dragging after them sometimes a heavy jickcbain ; Whenever they met, alarm'd by its groans, his Ghost all night long would be barking at Jones's. Nor shall he be laid By that cross Old Maid, Miss Penelope Bird—nf whom it is said All the dogs in the Parish were always afraM. He must not be placed By one so straitlaced In her temper, her taste, and her morale, and waist. For 'tis said, when she went up to heaven, and St. Peter, Who happened to meet her, Came forward to greet her, She pursed up with scorn every vinegar feature, Am? bade him "Get out for a horrid Male Creature ! " So the Saint, after looking as if he could eat her, Kot knowing, perhaps, veiy woll how to treat her. And not being willing—or able—to beat her. Sent her back to her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With du epithet which I decline to repeat here. No—if Tray were interr'd By Penelope Bird, No dog would be e'er so be-" whelp "ed and be-" cur "red— AU the night long her cantankerous Sprite Would be running about in the pale moonlight, Chasing him round, and attempting to lick The ghost of poor Tray with a ghost of a stick. Stay!—let me see !— Ay—here it shall be At the root of this gnarled aud time-worn tree, Where Tray and I Would often lie, And watch the light clouds as they floated by In the broad expanse of the clear blue sky, When the sun was bidding the world good-bye ; And the plaintive Nightingale, warbling nigh, Poured forth her mournful melody ; While the tender Wood-pizeon's cooing cry Has made me fay to myself, with a sigh, " How nice you would eat with a steak in a pie ! " Ay, here it shall be!—far, far from the view Of the noisy world and its maddening crew. Simple and few. Tender and true The lines o'er his grave.—They have, some of them, too, The advantage of being remarkably new. EPITAPH. Affliction sore Long time he bore, Physicians were in vain !—» Grown blind, alas ! he'd Some Prussic Acid, And that put him out of his pain ! Hos ego versiculos feci, tulit altor honores.— VIRQ IL. I wrote the lines—* 4 owned them—he told stories ! THOMAS INGOLDSBY. 