THE CHURCH AND SCIENCE. To. tlie Editor. Sir, — If you will kindly permit me to say Ii, I think you have made. too much of my concession that the Inquisition condemned the system of Galileo. If the Inquisition condemned what was black, it seems not a logical eequitur to me tbat it thereby also condemned what was white. Yet this appears to me the position you assume from my adiaissioit. As already stated, Galileo's svsteni was condemned, not because it was scientifically sound, but because it ?ras theologi cally erroneous. As Mallet du Pan happily put it, it was not his good science that was condemned, but his bad theology. This you appear to admit, and conclude that the condemnation of bad theology involved the condemnation of sound science. 'Quod erat demonstrandum.' 'Any way,' you say, '?' he suffered ten years' imprison ment for saying the earth wen; rou.nd the suni' Will you pardon me if I say that this ' ten years' imprisonment was all a yarn ' and that the ' e pur si muove ;' (the earth does move) scratched on the walls of his prison is a myth. ' Whether his offence,' you aud, ' was technically described as bad theology or good science, was, we suspect, as immaterial to him as it is to us/3 But do you not think that anything bad deserves to be condemned in proportion to its 'badness? Is it sound sense or philosophy that it should be ' immaterial rn us ' vrhfifchpr .1 thins1 is bad or good ? Galileo lived in an age when a man vras expected to stick to his 'last.' ' Cinque arti sure,' ' every man to his trade,' was as good common sense in. those day3 as it is now, only it was acted on more then. It was in violation of this good principle that Galileo p-ot asti'ay. Bold man ! he dared to be his own ' cobbler,' and put his foot in it. The chvu-ch, by a little pressure en his ' pet corn,' made him extract it. This is i about the long and short of Signor Galileo's case. This is his story : He was of gentle birth, poor. He was put to medicine. He soon displayed a genius for mathematics. He wisely* followed the bent of his genius, and threw ' physic to the dogs.' At an early age he- was entrusted with the chair of mathematics in iiis native town, Pisa. After five years he proceeded to a similar position in the University of Padua, and taught there, ' omnium applausa,'' for twenty years. Thousands iron; all quarters flocked to his bold and eloquent scientific leetures. His patrons were many in Church and State. His enemies — the attribute envy ever pays to worth. Duiing all those years of scientific display, he ?ws.s not only not condemned by Bome, witac-it whose consent he could not have held his diploma a day, but he received every encouragement in his studies. When he even tually resigned his chair, lie' would write a book,' and soon his troubles began. His ' Dialogue,' which caused them, was given to the world in, for the time, charming Italian. In it putting aside his 'last,' be went for the ' omne scibile ' — 'jack-of-all-trades' — business with the usual result. He would harmonise the system of the world of Ptolemy and Copernicus with the inspira tion of the Bible. Copernicus was iimself a divine, and avoided the blunder which involved Galileo. It was said of Lord Brougham that ' he would have known something of everything if he had known a little law'' Galileo stood in some what similar relation in matters theological. He was amongst the anticipated Buck inghams, ' who, in the course of one re volving moon ' would ba, ' poet, states man, fiddler, and buffoon.' Yet, if there be one branch of knowledge, literature, which like 'Lady Common Law will admit only of one bed-fellow,' that branch is mathematics. Poets are accredited with tlie divinus afflatus, and it was under the inspiration that Pope wrote : ' Our science only will one genius fit, So vast is art, so narrow human wit.' Nor did he leave unscathed the 'Jack of all trades' in letters, who goes 'fooling' around the stars, when his fists would be more appro priately grasping a plough-handle. ' The bookful blockhead ignorantly read, With loads of learned lumber in his head.' My 'bottom dollar' for a Pope to lash the 'crams' of the nineteenth century and give us a little digestion ! I should regret, indeed, if a word I write should be construed as militating against the noble attainments of Galilee. But he was a man of ' one genius,' and should have confined himself to 'one science.' It is true the shores of time are beaconed by a few uni versal genuises— men ' so varied that they seem to be not one, but all mankind's epitome,' but so rare as to be of humanity, the 'glory and the shame.' You admit, I presume, that Christ established a church. If you can point out to me where that church' was in the days of Galileo, ex cept as the church that had a Pope for supreme pastor, and the congregation of the Inquisition as a portion of its disciplinary life, I will take a back seat and give you all the 'cake.' As the Church of Christ her first commission was 'decete' — ' teach.' It was the divine im primatur of her roagisterium, and her credential to the '?? omnes gentes'— the nations of the earth who were to be her harvest and constitute her ' crown and her joy.' The matter of her teaching was divine revelation — truth. 'In generationem «t generationem annuntiabo veritatem tuam ex ere meo.' ' Unto generation -and generation I will announce thy truth from my mouth.' Now, on the principle that 'corruptiooptimipessima,' the corruption of what is best, is the basest corrup tion as theology concerns man's supremest welfare his immortal portion, it is the office of the Church of God to guard us on this point, even against an ' angel from heaven.' ' Chrisfcus instituit ecele siam tuam tanquam bene recteque ordinatam rempublicam' — Christ hath established hischurch as a wisely ordained and well.Tegulated state — and Peter isthe*'watchman on the tower,' 'quivideat ne quid detriment! respublica capiot/' to see that the state suffer no detriment. Sow wisely and well that state has been governed, ages have proved. ' There is not,' says Macaulay, ' and there never was on this earth a work of human policy so deserving of examination as the Boman Catholic Church. ... It is impossible to deny that the policy of the Church of Bome is the very masterpiece of human wisdom.' It suited Macau lay to regard this 'very masterpiece of human wisdom ' as a ' human policy.' We accept the compliment, but reject the explanation. Its only satisfactory explanation is the indwelling of the 'Spirit of. Truth'. that was given to her to 'teach' the Chiireh 'all things, 'aad 'abide -Trith ' her 'for ever.' ?' Aiiima quse hoc corpus vivificat est spir^tus Sanctus.' '^Thft soul,' feayg: St. Thomas, 'that vivifies this %ody is the; Holy. Ghost.' ' All powfer ' was given to hen 'What- soever thou shalt loose on earth shall bo loosed also in Heaven.' '? Whatsoever .- thou . shalt bind on earth shall be bound also' in Heaven.' 'As the Father hath sent me I send you — go. He that -hears you, hears n».' '? He that will not hear you ' has placed WmBalf without the pale of salvation. Power doctrinal, power legislative, power coercive, correctives-was-, here bestowed. Power to direct by, council^, to command by laws, to restrain by judgment,- io punish by salutary correction in infliction, having one supreme end in view — the amendment ?- of the offender. Penance,, censure, pain, .the three degrees t-f correction. It is ever in virtue, and the exercise oi' such office that the Church condemns errors and corrects offenders. But the Church purished Galileo. What then! True, we are living in the nineteenth century, when we may not shake a rod at an unruly school brat. O tempora ! O Mores ! In the earliest ages of the Christian Church was .not her discipline most rigorous ? ? Did not Peter visit with the extremity of infliction a 'lie!' Did not Paul tell the Corinthians he would ' not spare them if they sinned TJ Did he not hand over the ' flesh to Satan ' to correct the ' spirit Y' Did not St. Ambrose stand at ' the deor of his Cathedral and refuse admission to:the great Emperor Theodosius till he did public pen ance for his transgressions ? You deem me rash for instancing tlie testimony of Sir David Brew ster. Pardon me if I deem it conclusively perti nent. You say that the great writer, 'whilst establishing the kindness of the Pope's per snnR.l fiiKTiosifim-iR f,(Yirs.T-iR -rn.Iilpn oTmiip.rH-o' states that the pension and other favors were conferred to induce ? the philospher to reticence.' Surely you could not have had the words of the great scientist under your eye, when penning the above. They enforce, almost; the very contradiction of your assertion. ' Thus,' says Sir David, ' we must regard that pension as a gift of tlie Pope to science itself, and* as a dec laration to the Christian world that religion wan. not jealous of philosophy, and that the Bomad Church everywhere respected and cherishes human genius.' Your readers will decide this point for themselves. Your remarks on the 'Utterances of the Vatican Council of 1870' seem to me too vague to form grounds for any ' comment, and I regret that in confirmation of your appreciation you did not ally yourself zo oecrer company tiian tne perjured moms:. Mr. Loyson (Pere Hyacinthe), -whose excerpt as given by you has about as much reference to the question introduced as the moon has to green: cheese. However, you are not alone in thinking the Church retrogressive in not putting herself in harmony with what is called ' modern cirilisa* tion.' When Lord Elgin was ambassador at the Court of Pekin, 6ome missionaries requested 'him to speak to the Emperor, in order to freer access in evangelisation. He did so. ' Sir,' said his Majesty, ' go to your missionaries and tell them to return to their country, and agree amongst themselves what Christianitry is, and then they will have a better chance of propagating it here.' If all you clever men would only agree as to what you mean by modern civilisation we might; compromise, if we could not fuse. Whatever you clo mean by this modern civilisation, judging by its fruits, it seems at least of a very mixed nature. Mr. Mills found the age very unproduc tive of great men, and grieves over ' the decay ot individual energy and the weakening of the in* fluence of superior minds over the multitude.' Mr. Leeky pro?iounees the age ' venal, unheroic, mercenary. It exhibits a deeline in the spirit of self-sacrifice, and in the appreciation of the more poetical or religious aspect of man's nature!', Carlyle thinks ' The great men of this age are lucky or unlueky gamblers, swollen big.' A great French poet declares the very air of the age fatal to true greatness — ' nssis ou meurt en votre airj.' 'One would say,' writes Tocqueville, 'on look ing through the records of our time that man is unable to effect anything either on himself or on. those around him.' ' Thou Sodom of the cen turies I' exclaimed a great divine in reproach oE its want of purity of life in all its social rela tions. Now if these be some of the fruits of '?'modern, civilisation,' and by their fruits you shall know them, do you think the Church retro gressive, becp*use she does not raise her right in benediction over such results, such abortions ? As Cardinal Mbran's address at St. John's College' was the occasion of this correspondence, permit me to say, however i&- significant the compliment, that I deem the ad dress excellent, the very best given us by his Emi* nence since he came to the colony. Many ifon.wfay for your kind words and the concession of your valuable space, which could have been more profitably occupied than by the contributions of ?yours, &c;, ? NEMO. Graotille Lodge, No. 28, 1.O.O.F. — The half yearly meeting of the Granville Lodge, No. 28, I.O.O.F., was held in the Albert Hall, Granville, on Wednesday, July 3. The meeting being a summons one, tnere was a large numoer oi mem bers present; N.G. Bro. A. Bobertson in the chair. After the usual preliminary business, bills amounting to J2S1 13s bd were passed for pay ment. The half-yearly balance-sheet was jread, showing receipts, including previous balance, to be .£281 14s 9d ; total expenditure, .£91 6s 93. ; leaving a balance of .£190 8s, which was consi dered very satisfactory. The quarterly report showed seven members admitted, making ,a total of sixty-nine. The installation of officers was then conducted by 2XD.G.M. Bro. Hughes, assisted by P.G. Bro. Clark as Grand Warden, and P.G. Bro. Warburton as conductor. Bro. Mair was installed as N.G. ; Bro. H. Warburton as V.G. ; Bro. J. Chivers as secretary ; Bro. J. S. Leggott as treasurer for the ensuing term. The appointed officers were : Bro. B. Knight, B.S. to N.G. ; Bro. W. North, L.S. to N.G. ; Bro. J. Gill, sen., E.S. to V.G.; Bro. J. Gill, jun., L.S. to V.G, ; Bro. A. Stephens, B.S.S. At the close of the meeting the secretary was instructed to pur chase a jewel for presentation to P.G. Bro. Diver on his completion of office ; a pleasant evening being brought to a close at 9.45 p.m. Australian Obdes Progressive Templaes.-^ The usual weekly meeting of the Progress Lodge, No. 1, was held, on Thursday evening in the Lecture Hall, Hill-street, St. Leonards. Mr^i* George Waite, P.C.T., occupied the chair. Threa new members were initiated, and five others pro posed for .the next meeting. Correspondence wa^ read from Mr. Wm. M'Kerma, stating that the Hope of Wellington Lodge had seceded from the I.O.G.T., and had reorganised. on the basis of the Progressive Templars, and would be known as the Perseverance Lodge, No. 4, in the future; ' and that the capitation tax would now be devoted to a benevolent fund for the relief of the needy and distressed in the district of Wellington. A let ter of approval was also received frpm Mr.«Edwin Pratt, North Arm, Tweed Biver, whoVas desirous of establishing a branch of the order in that dis trict. Bepresentatives of the Albion Star of the West and Haste to the Bescue Lodges were pre sent, and received the usual welcome. Business was suspended for the purpose of entertaining the visitors, and harmony prevailed till closing time. ? The Albion Lodge No. 2, held its usual Saturday night meeting and entertainment in St. Andrew's school hall, - Kent-street. Mr. Gibbons, C.T., presided. Two new members' were initiated. Bro. Sullivan, secretary of the executive, gave a glowing report of the progress made by the various lodges and their future prospects. The doors were then tnrown open, and ' a good programme of songs, recitations, &c;, was successfully carried_put, and a pleasant evening' enjoyed by all present. 