Visit of Cardinal Moran to Penrith. On Tuesday last the town of Penrith was honored by a visit from his Eminence Car- dinal Moran on the occasion of the confir mation of a large number of Communicants of the Roman Catholic Church. His Eminence was met at the Railway Station by the Very Rev. Dean Mahony, of Penrith, Father Phelan of St. Marys, and Father Hayes of Windsor. Arrangements had been made for his re ception under the superintendence of War den- Kernahan and- the members of the Guilds, by whose direction, the children of the schools were formed in procession at the Convent Sohool and marched down to the sta tion, there to await His Eminence's arrival. The procession consisted in all of about three hundredpersons. First marched the child ren (boys) members of the Holy Childhood of Our Dear Lord, distinguished by a car dinal sash, then the (girls) Children of Our Blessed Lord, -wearing blue sashes. These children belong to no society, their member ship imposing only the repetition of certain prayers daily, and the wearing of badges of membership once a month.Following the children in the procession were the members of the Guild; wearing the regalia, and numbering some thirty, and. after the Guild came a large number of' the members of the congregation. On arrival at the sta tion the processionwas drawn up on the green in the station yard.' His.Eminence on alighting at the station with his chaplain, Dr. O'Haran, was wel comed by Dean Mahony, Father Phelan, and Father Hayes, and conducted to the carri- ages waiting to; convey them to the Church. The procession on the return to the Church was formed as follows. First, adult mem bers of the congregation, then the girls and boys, then His Eminence accompanied by Dean Mahony in the carriage of the latter, escorted by the Guilds forming a guard of honour and preceded by the cross bearer, Mr. Burns, carrying a large guilt [sic] cross, which our readers will remember was pre sented some time ago by the Dean; after the Cardinal came Dr. O'Haran, driven by Father Phelan, and Father Hayes. The procession was so arranged according to stature that His Eminence, from his seat in the carriage, could view tho whole proces sion from first to last. The whole way to the church the streets were crowded with spectators. At the church gates, the pro cession formed on each side of the way, and on His Eminence passing under the arch way erected over the gateway, knelt to re ceive his blessing. The arch was composed of a large background of cardinal cloth, bearing the inscriptions in green" Caed mille failthe to our Cardinal." Afterward His Eminence conducted the service of the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. On entering the Church, which was literally packed with a reverent congregation, a scene of magnificent beauty burst upon the sight. The whole building was adorned by wreaths and garlands of powers and foliage, an [sic] every hand were ropes of flowers twining round the pillars, while the walls were decorated in the same manner. This work had been executed by the Sisters of St Joseph, assisted by Misses Purcell, Joyce, McEncro and Bendall. In the archway above the altar rails is a life sized statue of St. Joseph, placed upon on iron girder en cased in gilded cedar; on the left above the altar of the Immaculate Conception is a statue of the Vigin, standing with her foot upon the serpent, illustrating the text, Genesis III 15: -"I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed ; she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel." This statue is almost life size. The steps-leading to the altar are covered with a carpet of appropriate design ; and the panel at the back of the statue was tastefully illvminated in blue and gold by Mr. F. Wiggan. Both statues are of the very best terra cotta, painted in colors. They were imported by Misses Gilles & Co., especially to the order of Mrs, Heaton, who presented them to the church. This lady, wife of Mr. Heaton (of the firm of Wright, Heaton & Co.), and daughter of the late Mr. James McCarthy, of Cranebrook, has pre viously made several valuable presents to the church, the last, previous to the statues, being the lamp in front of the church en trance. On the right is a similar statue of the Holy Saviour. The altars were pro fusely : decorated with flowers, &c.; The whole church presented a picture that was beautiful in the extreme. On Tuesday morning the ceremony of confirmation took place. At nino o'clock the communicants numbering over one hun dred aud eighty were assembled at the con vent school, where the female portion were assisted in the arrangement of their dresses by the sisters of St. Joseph, and then oon- ducted to the church. It was a beautiful and impressive sight to watch them filing in to their places. Each girl dressed in pure white, with a blue sash, wearing a long veil upon which was fastened a cardinal bow, each one looked like some youthful bride about to be led to the altar. The girls were seated in the centre of the church, the seats on either side being occupied by the com municants. The mass previous to the con firmation was celebrated by Father Hayes, of Windsor, and at the conclusion His Emi nence minutely examined each communicant before they were confirmed. At the con-, clusion of the confirmation the Cardinal ad dressed the congregation, expressing in laudatory terms his appeciation of the thor- oughness of the instruction imparted to those whom he had just confirmed, and exhorting them to seek the protection of the Holy Ghost for the security and firmness of their faith. The children were then conducted back to the convent school where His Eminences visited them and was entertained with a short musical programme carried out under the superintendence of the sisters of St. Joseph. During the entertainment Cardinal Moran spoke very highly of the manner in which the whole affair had been carried out and mentioning Father Phelan in particular. Afterwards His Eminence was entertained by Dean Mahony at the Presbytery, and after dinner held a reception, first of the Parochial Committee and then of other members of the congregation. It had been understood that the Cardinal would remain in Penrith until Wednesday, on which day he was to hold a special ser vice, but owing to a pressing engagement was unable to do so and returned to Syd ney by the afternoon train. The Cardinal's visit was an event that will long be remem bered not only by the members of the Roman Catholic Church, but by all the re sidents of Penrith. 