. - * ) 'RoveUst. ' The) Midnight Prophecy A | 01: thbL- . - I. ' 'im HEIR ? OF STRATHSPEY- TOWERS. J f- : r— — ? - i r By Emma Garrison Jones. \ ; p.-,. . . \ CHAPTER LXVII. | I ! .'x -WU.T. SAVE'. YOU.' - J [ ?' I climbed tbe gory .vulture's nest: .. ! And fountl the trembling dovo within.' I The voice of Mother Gwyntiltb aroused I Iter frfciin a dvcp sleep,- tKe sleep of utter exhaustion. She started [«}- with |a thrill of terror. | .. The sun was shining in at the j window, arid the old woman was Jplaciiig the tray containing Iit lireakfastj on the table, i ? K-- ? - ji . : ? . |:' ? ' Ife slu inber'late, myijhs8ie,'jfcho re marked, as Maggie sprang up, alljdressed as sholliaid thro-.vn hersfelf down ; ' ye must a'keep bud lioiir-3 lastnigh't ;see'— [minted: tli the empty candlestick;—!' yer candles burnt out.'. 1 r. '?Ilike|to burn my light'all riight in ..'this ghostly ; place,' replied 'Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with, terror, lest tho dust on lijer clothes or some disarrange ment about tho room should betray her ; 'and i^jotto rummaging among the dusty old books; too, to pass awa'ytliojtimc— - 'tis awfully dull shut up tin .this way, my igood woman. ' :l j ? ? 'WeelJ : weeI,V responded- tliej old .. woman! her eyes gleaming wickedly, ' 'twasjycr own HtubboruVill lis bruhg yo hero; jrliy diima yo niSrry the young . laird at once ? ! ' ' Because I was foolish, X dare Bay,' mid Maggie, obeying a sadden deterinin' .T-ion to pretend she was being conquered in order jto ward off suspicion; 'but Lord Angiis should have been p.-ltie'nt and lint whisked me off and shut me up like a \- prisoner/] 1 can't forgiva liim.' . ' Yc'b, ye can,' coaxed; Mother Gwyn -iietli. IV Why ho done it all fur love of ? yo, and he bo a braw youijg laird sot any Jassie need bo proud to jwin. Yo'll for gie liim an1 meet him wi' a kiss when lie getB back from- Luiinon, wjn't yo * now X' j Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. J . ?' Whet does he oomc V' she asked. ' To-inirrow, mebbe ; he thought to be gone a Week, but Berkit c.imo last night an' says hs'll be back sooner— so ye may ' be lyokin' vnr puttiest. Co om, here's yer ! Iireakfast ill hot noir ; Wt ye down an' i 1 4', ail'idrli't fret any more j 1 shall be J busy to-day. since the young laird cooms Ui- ni'jrro«r.' - V : . She left the room, looking it after, her, ! and Migzle heard her go shu/lling jlown ? the gmtj stairway with the blood- houud whining at her heels. Ilefollowed tneold creature wherever she went. . _ ' To-morrow ! Ivord-Angus coming back tomorrow 1 Oh, what should she do ? JIow should sho escape ? Hhe sit for a long time m deep tliouuht/ i There seemed to. bo no hope, I and she came lo her decision -in . sijent oiluiness.l ' Jf the u'.imt camu sho would aliu through tho iiticrturo. replaco llio sliding panel, arid lie down. in the awful xlo'jiii somevvhei'e below and f//e. . Iliey. would nuvtr fiml her for it was evident . . t!icy kni'jw liuthiiiif of Uio secret pas ? l| would be a dreadful end t-- life «;i'l h.-r j'I'l father nif|nrniilg over, Uur ''iid ftjio Kirl Ijf Htrathspeyi j At tlioiightf/f Iifiil slio started up. flie iu iiieiiiiirance of his white face. and hungry eyes tljrillod her with new hone. Hlio Cloned over to the tubln. , '1 1'' l'leiikfttst was very tempting and she was iv'tak and hungry. IHlie ate onu culf.', u little nit »f tbo bruited bacon, and swiillywud a motiLU' ful of tea ; the remainder kI-« reserved for tbe poor uulfrruj* IjuIow, jJ«ro ?»«, atteiniit t« inrko the duscent liy diiyliylit What, if some one should enter her ro jin anil lind tho iianel ojien, tbttscuret sUir way ruvusled I . i (iut the c/juld not bear to let tho earl famish throughout the loujfi l''K 'ty' ,..Bhe resolved txl risk It. Taking: tho food In her djiroii as b»fo'j r. ^Iio removed the panel and hurried down, ? , , Wiien she roschod th# vaiitt slio w'js liyeathless, Tho peer, reeliniiiK vil Ills. ' bod of stouo, hoard her coming to meet lier, Ills wlilto face euKtr ami' ?miling.. It hid «eom»d on eferiiltfisiiic'i she left Itlni. r . » !i i ? Hho sproad her broukfaat before him and invited him to partake i , , 'Hut, my jrttlo frlernl, ; -10 «al,I- gravoIy.JiU eyes turning Willi wUtfu)lii!i« Ins towaid the fyod, in spit' . 'I cannot prolontf my lire nt the «jt ? of ; 70P1*— you bring nw yuur fou*l , T»«vo oaten sonie. awl. I »|n' ,'kV0 *t fioon— mlenio oat Uiivtid tr/ W goty«ti?, \»trepgtbj you «riil need it Aiid A . ... ' ... 1 . must leiro yon- again this moment. I will come again; iiutho mcantimn, remain quiet, and do not despair. Tho darkest hour is jiist liofdre the dawn.' t She fl-d awnyjua sho had come, with noiseless, steps, lip: the spiral stairs, and back to hor prison. .- 1 ? Tho morning, wore away. Noon cau'10, and.a hot September sun 1 blazed down u[ion the ho.-irybattlcinenis; tho long, long aftornoon, tile cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. . Maggie tltfow aside tho| old volume she had been trying in vain read, and went to tho window with a siglv of relief. Tho day had scc'tpcd so endless, and she had lor.gcd, for the night with- a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not the most remote possibility of escape. Yet sh^jonged with feverish im patience for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched tho great whito stars, flushing out in the far-off sky, with tear dim ined eyes. Her keeper camo up with hor supper and a little morsel- of candlo that would not last, through half tho night. ? 'I won't havo yo watching tho night throtigh, ari' makin a ghost o' yersel,' sho |iaid ; 'go to bed like a gude lassie ; yer ibraw young sweetheart will be hero to- mortow.'. I Maggie shudderod and sat down, by the casement, that foolish, vaguo hope still tormenting her. She reserved hersupper for th'o earl, intending , to itako it down to liiin by and by. .! ' ' Slowljrtho hours went by, and she sat there counting hor own heart-beats. She could hear the. fir ; trees moaning in ..the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, ; . sho heard that for whicli- slie had. hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet Hutu-notes set to the music of the dear;old sorig, ' Tho Camp bulls are coming.' ? 1 . Assured now that it| was intended as a signal to herself, she' arose, in: a tremor of excitement, aud lit lier bit of candle.. ? ?? J Then sho made her way, out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her fcetj and slioi made the. long and tiresome ascent ven- ispeedUy. ' A stout wind was blowing' when. Bhe reached the tower-chamber^- and she hurried lier candle into a sheltered corner, lest it should bo Mown jout.^. Then she tore a strip froni her apron,-, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at tho blaze, and hastening to tho Window throw it out. as before. : ? The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in tho dark ness, and swift. 11s thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of 'Highland Mary.' ' Maggie knew .that she was answered. A delicious thrill -stirred' her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen chocks as I10 gazed down the dizzy disfance. . Sho could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gosture. . She watched tho dark,'!|tnll figure with fascinated eyes.. It aoprpached the base of the ruins with rapid stops, and then bIic lost sight of it.. Still; she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued, to lean over the -stono^ill, 'her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below.' ? .' .. . ' ? . ? .. Ten minutes passed in dead silonco I Then, all at once, a; strain of- exquisite melody broke oh her oar.J And,, wonder of wonders, it camo, not from the heath below, but from soino noar point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and she drew back half in terror. ' Ten minutes more l- Thb £reat owl, startled from liis rodst in ihe ivy, j^w out with a wild cry, and- in tbo afte^siience tho girl caught, at intervals,'tho sound of Tioarse, panting respirations. ' . - I impelled by soino emotion stronger than hor terror, sho leaned far out into the night, and.sho caught sight of a man's head protruding abovo \ tho clustering ivy.' ? J A low; startled cry cscaped her lips. It was instantnncously nnswerod. ?' ' Be -iuiet,' spoke a cloar, iirm voice, a voice that inspired hor with confillcncu and courago; 'do not fear; I am coining U- holpyou.' : 1 j '** Oomo on !' sho responded, still Iook ing out.' ??.. . .. „f'. . :| . ?: ', 'L'lm ivy vines' that clung about tho lofty towor began to shake and ruutfo,- tho panting respirations camo nearer, and presently the man's head camo distinctly into view— a handsoino, blonde hoad, and a pair of shining, resolute bluo eyes. Thoir owner was- accomplishing the dar ing foat of climbing Clio V Itordor Watch towor ' by aid of thonivy - vinos that covercd it. . : lid caino up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms,: now finding n foothold against tho ruggod masonry grow sick : and faint as she rnlfhed him, but ho sinilvd up Into hor whito faco, as it hung over hiiu- In tho silrury moonlight ; arid iii anothor bream he swung himself up to tho window-sill, and loapc.d in. . ' : ; j Covurul with porspiratiim, and almost gssj'liig froin his great . 'exertion, Ills close fitting liuiiliug.jackut torn ;int-» shroils. his Imiid^oino face Uushud, his' -blonde curls all in a- tuniblo ; yut Maggio knew him :iii''aii instant. - Jlo: was the young istranijur who hnd ilruwii lier from under the horse's ftut st I h-r'-LiMii and the l/nlcoru,' and to whum she appealed for help when'V'rd Angus forced hor uwuy, JU-r eyna brightened, and n lovely colon rose to her clie^ks. Hlio uxtended lier liaiid nitli a shy but oxquiniLe grneo, 'I rcmumber yon,' she said, simply; ' mid you liuvu risked your lifu to couAito Hie V' The ^oung man liowud, and took thu cold littlo. lingers In his oivn sluipuly liniid. '.'tin, not quite llmt,' lie replied. ' 'J'wiis a (j)ose lliin^, I'll admit, but I've II talent for --climbing, mid tlni ivy is strong and safe ) wy life whs -in 110 duiigur. Hut I'm glad you ruiiiiuiilmr me,' liu lidded, with a ll ishlug gliui'-o, ' liueaiiso IVu never forgotten you for- onu slntflo. moment i sleeping or iviikiiig,' your full' has tumult'!' tin),'. I kiijiw von ivorv nut niu'd, us iliny .lummtrdj-Biiil I itttomilnul lo sn-.y yi;it ''l fiilWyd ,Ulocii*ln^i Jliiit Iwrc-ypii iway lli«4i»lK''t1'.« ypU cnve'jflil Info tills \mo !, ftmffliidiim IW mliur iiv.id|'of, climbad, lliM. Kory vilfttiWST.Jift,;., Aim ' llelB frfe -0 nW®'. nrmniit X '111 romp' till to- morrow,! ft Kr%ty^«!itl|yllJ born i.o.-£n 1 ll«oo'inld«r»d n mwnfliiti jiJulmuflwnio 1 fnen 1 3^1'rtd towurrt tlii* wttliia ; .mi, ,ih«i ' lnyv- yoiimaiir rij'ti»8#d tn jAMm*. ?-? ? ? \ - . r- .soner. You sorely did not ascend by the : secret stairway ?'?' .1 ' 'Yes, I did,' Maggie replied: 'Idisj- ?covered it by- ehance, and came up here attracted by tho sound of your-fluto ? but I fnncicd no one knew, that such a stair way existed.' - .. ? ? : J Tho. young man smiled, showing his handsomo white teeth. ! ' You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled npon it by chance, like yourself, wlien this old -place was unoccupied and I was , hero on an investigating tour ; but I can'i .well believe that you- had the courage to ascend it.' 'I did,' said Maggie. 'I would g( through the gates of death, I think, to mako my escape.' .? lie flushed another glance upon hor from his bright bluo eyes. . ' (Dome, then,' ho said.; ' we have nt time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors ? and gates aro barred and bolted,; and Mother Gwynneth and her Uood-iiound are playing sentinel. Wo Sfcst go dow5%y tho -ivy.' Maggie started in surprise, and grow a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. . . . ' : 'There's no danger,' replied the' stranger, encouragingly ; 'if you will . only trust m«, I will save youJ Come !'? | He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. ?' ' ' ' . I ' Now you'll have to cling to me with all your strength. — here, this way, so that; I can'use my : hands in descending, and ; do not fear ; you . look, like ' a bravq girl.' - ' -*V '. I She permitted him to clasp, her close, | while sho twined her arms about, his stal-j . wart shoulders. Ho was jjist on the point of springing through' the window, when she uttered a quick cry I . 'phi I had forgotten !' she exclaimed ; ' how utterlyseltish I. ani in my eager ness to Bave myself. There is another prisoner.in'this old castle — away down in! the old donjon keep, tho Earl qf Strath-] spey lies dying. We must save him — II won't leave him behind.' 1 ? The young man turned and^faced her, a' curious expression in. his eyes. ' 'What do you say ?'! he 'cried; 'the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner hero ! Yes— his own son, or the boy-ratlier,' who has been reared as his son, lured him. here by a false letfer, and locked him in the denjon to ? die. Providuico sent me down to him, t think,- and I saved his' life by sharing my food with him.' ? j' ' And why should this boy lure, liik fatherhere, and leaver him to dio T' ques| tioned tho .stranger, a slight tremor run-! -nmg through his clear voice.' j x' Tho earl suspects that the boy is nofr liis so'n, atid talks of renouncing him, aii.dj tho young man wants to murder hiui, and' secureike earldom.'. ' J For tho space of an iustmt tho young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair,' cl'-ar-cut face. «» ' J ' Well,' he ejiiculatod at last, ''of all strangcithings, this is tho strangest, the ?Earl of I Strathspey incarcerat^jd hero by, his-son and heir. ? I; can scarcely- telievu it.'. ' j; : : . ...| 'It'-, is true,' cried Maggie, eagerly ; 'and ho will. die— he looks liko death now— arid I have carried him no food since . morn-ng. Oh, sir,, can't you help me ?' '-'Of course I will — I'll rouso the oflicers of the law, aud ransack this old ghost liest from top to bottom — ? . ' But every moment is precious,' inter posed Maggie ; 'tho young Lord Angus, as lie is' called, falsoly enough too, for I have tho proof that lio is no son of tho earl.' 'v., ?' What, ?you havo tho proof?' / ' Yes-— 1 found ic, .asj socm to find everything, by mere clranco, in the (Mu riel- uiantlo -worn by that- 'poor little babo tlnit was fotind, on tho Tyrol mountain— tlici writton proof tliat-7 — ' | '' Hist I' cried the young man, catching at her arm, there's a .carriage below— ? put out your candlo, quick !' ( Maggie darted across to the cornor in which tho candlo flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, thun slni turned to the window, gazing cautiously down. ' A two- whooled vohiclo containing 11 couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk.' In aseeond they paused at 1 h': groat goto, -and onu of thorn 1- aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Mnggiu had iv fair view of tho -other as he sat in tliq' white moonlight. . -j .' Oh, heiivens I' sho whisyorcd, her, oheeks paling - with . terror, it' is Lord Angus, the earl's sou ; we nru lost?'1. , ' ' Nay,' replied the stranger, .' not lost yet. 8110, they ? havo entered'— .Mother (JVyilneth's blbod-houud bids them wcl como. ? Oomo I' - lie clasped her firmly with 0110 arm nntl appronchod the window. ?' llu', tho earl 'tj gasped Maggie, shivor ing with terror, as fliu heard the fierce baying of the beast -below.- ?' 1 11 snvi'i liim,' replied the young man, quietly ( 'but y:«u must lib giit iiitn 11 safo placu liist. Oaiiio—tlio monieiits tiro preciouj.' ? ' - 'And cluspliig her onuo 1 1 n 1 ro ^ h 0 leaped lightly through- thu window and swung himself out. | - - . OIIAI'TKH IjXVIII, ? i tiik -iikuh'it'm cavb.. i '.'Now oliiiff to mo with ull your might/': ho said, gently, 'arid duu't look down 1 keep your eyus on the monii, I'oor little; dove, do not ti'oinblu so ; I'll not let you fall.'1 lie swung himself out, holding un to thu wluilow-slll, and Magglu olaspud him' close with her lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes lixad upou tho white Huplein lier iiiuoii, dropping a!utvly' out. of sight boiiiud the Honttlsh hills. Down ho went, swinging himself from onu twisting vino to unother, never for one moment loosen ing his llriiralaap, Mugulu oould foul his iiBurt throbbing with groat buunds, anil lieni' him brimthlng in gasps, so traniiind oils was Ills exertion, Illgh fellowship (iritaln love. It Is tald, and 1 tl.ink tho old doctor's fnlr diiuahtal' verllleil tlin old faying, in her liaiimdoiis desucnt tluit night. if slid did not lnvo this bravo young str/vnger, who held Jmr so firmly In Ills lirfiia, 11 nil risked Ills life fur her snko, with uvui'y breath ho drew, her heart was Olluit wjtli ft boundless gratitude, Down mid liiiwii, frpm yimrlud. vino tn nn other, pmt tho lumry? -bntUoinuuti, jiasfc tht) mull-oi|(id ff Imlowti. noiT nuspctidtid In inld-nlr, anon sliding down thu ru««od rook, deoolvod by 5 ircnoliurou# It old, uufc Mngalo'/feel loitoliO(ltlit) erl»p, brown snll of ihn liHuhlpd hflMli, at tho bni^.o! i h«r lirMokniK^trrlxxoa bis firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant- | ing and gnspinz for breath, and then stood nobly 1f- ect. . - ? . ! i ' 'Oh, what shall I ever do! to repay yon.?' began Maggio, in her gratitude, but; Jie cut Tier short. i J --L- ' ' Hush,'' lie said, 'rasping lier: hand ; 'we shall: have the Dlood-liound ut our lieels. ! Como !' ? 1 - ?'???: . He hurried her across-the heath, round the. skirt of the fir thicket, and under tho base of the mountain, toward thu cavern known as the ' Hermit's Cave. ' --. The .entrance was 'n lescriba'.'ly gloomy in the fitful light of the setting? moon ; a grfat, j yawning chasm 'opening 'Under a rocky roof, curtained by black fir-branches and rank- growing vines. : Ho smiled down upon her: as they beared' this, dismal entrance, something unutterably tender and' reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. {. 1, 'Don't bo afraid, little one.' ho. said, kindly; 'ybu have been very Jbravo to night., Wo are sifo now — a jfriond of mitio lives ? in this gloomy cave— a good and wise old man, whoso hospitality wo must share to- night.. You can trust mo, can you not 1' .- i: j 'I jean trust you,' said ! Maggie, quietly. ? , ? He led her on througli a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and/damp; which lod at last into a ,wide, reverberating cavern. Away at the 'reinoto end'a. taper gljinmered, and as they drew near, Maggio* 'perceived a little square compartment,; forined in a turn of the cayern, fitted up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing tho garb of an anciont monk, with a black, cowl on ihia head, and a white, flowing beard,' appeared 111 the entrance, . ? - i- : ? , 'Who comes?' ho i ; demanded. . his voice awakening, a thousand sepulchral echoes. - . j ' A friend,' responded tho young tnan. ? ? 1 ' i 1 ? ; At the sound of his voico tho'herimt °advnnced to incctthcm.i- ? i '' You aro welcome, iny son/'jhe said ; then his eye tailing on Masgio, who clung to hor deliverer's arm. lialf iu (error, he nddedj ' -You have succeeded, I see— ' come, my child,' extending' his hand to her, ' the hermit bids you welcome.' ; lie led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood fire that blazed in urie corner. ' You are .white and cold I10 said, turniug to a small table, and pouring some 'wine from a flask, 'drink this, it will do you good.'. ? -j - Maggio obeyed, and felt 'tho rare old vintage tingling : through ; her chilled veinr, and bringing a glow to her cheeks. '* Arid you, my son,' continucii'the hor mit, turning to tho young man, ' look worn out — a droj) will rou'ew your strength.' 13ut tho young man shook his head. ?-'??? -'? . i 'No wino for -me,', he said; smiling, 'but a glass of cold water, if you please — and fi.vo minutes to broatho ill, then I must leAvo this young lady in your care, and bo off again— the Earl of Sjrathspey is a prisoner in the old donjon. The hermit turned in amazement. 'Tho. Earl of Strathspey a prisoner ? How can that be?'. | I 'The uian whp; boars his name, who has been roared as his son, hasj confined him there to die. ?? ... f -- 'And wherefore ? ' [ ' . . ? - . r ' ' To secure the - earldom — the . earl doubted tliiit ho was in truth his! soil, and 1 talked of renouncing liiin.' . . j For a niinute tho two| looked iiito each other's eyos, and then tho hermit laid liis hanrt upon. the younj; mail's shoulder. ' 1 1 ' see!' hp anjivforcd, sjjlemiijy ; 'Ji'iuililiiK, my son, Heaven's justice may be s/oic, but.it is sure .''j j Tho. young man sat silent an instant, and thbii lib aroso. : ; .| . i ; ' 1 must not delay,' ilin said J r' ovory liiomciit tells, and thu earl inust Uo rescued tliis night.' ; , j . ; j '.Why not call out' 'tlio proper authori ties, and have the ruin? soarclnid ?' s'ug gehtoil tho- hermit, j ; j : j 'That would taku.tiino in this wildor licss,' replied tho other; ' and the oarl's enemies would be pretty euro to murder liim while a pair of ollicers aro pounding at tho gates. No ; I'll try it riiyielf. I've climbed tho tnwer twieo^ to-night, and I'll Hiaku tho third attempt. I can get on' better without help than with itj' ' lie started down' tlio cayern) and thun turned .back -abruptly. ^ . i . | . ' If- luiything slioiildi bofall jino,' ho siiid, coolly, ?' and I don't return, you will seo. that this young lady ia' restored to hur frioiids ' | ? j. . 'I will,' replied Ilia herinit|* ' But, riiy son, -do not rashly. throw, away your life.'- , ' ? i | 'I shull save tho enrl, and myself too, if. possiblo,' wivf. his quiet nns^er. ' 1 think I'm a iniituh for -Mother (l.wyiincth inltl till her emissaries, j tho blood-hound included.' , i llo tinilt a shoi'l.: knlfiv from a crevice overheiid, und put It in his bolt as ho spoko. 1 . . Mnygie wiitulu-d .liiuii with Whitening cliuuksrher vgry 'heart sinking within hur. Hhu'iirosv, and oxtundod hur liaiid. ? ' You. rlskod your lifu to savoino,' she fulterod, ' and I liuvo nut oven jthnnked ?you— and now ? ' i | 'My suceoss In siivlup is ample ro ward/' lie replied, taking hur trein bling hand, and rutiiiiiiug Itj in.- his II rm olwsp. ' You lire not ufmid to re -main liuro?' ho nildwd. } '? Why do yuu troiiilila so ?' j «' Not nfrald— oh, no, not for myself— but for your safety,' islio uitirmurdd, (Ji-opplnH hur Ajes .shyly beneath his gllKU. A sudden light Unshod over lier hand stiinu fuou, mid liu raised tho little hnnd hu held to his Hps. wllll gravu r'uveri ueo, ' Uo not foav,' hu replied, guiitly j. ' I shall eiiinii to no hnrui. i''ui'uwull I' llu turned again tugo, hut looked baok, slrueli with n sutldun ramumbruiien, ''You said yim hnd i-runj\' ho said, ' that this man who bears tho oarl's nsniu | Is not his sun. May I ask what pruof )' Maggio rosumed hor seat, nud, with n deproentliiK Rlnlice. mid n niovuinont of exquisite gruou und modesty, mnnivcil the boot from hor dainty foot, mid extracted thu yullow paper fruut its hiding plaqe lio nuiuli the lining, ' I put It thero for unfu keopltig/' slio . explained, ns sho htiudcd It to thu young pmil. ' Html only fotintl It wlion1! wits driiBBod mid forced from liomo.' j llo mn It ovur with his kcfii blno oyos, I » hot llusli mciuntlnR to liU oliquks, Then ha pntsnd It- to tliu hermit. . 1 ' Jilttle Ktrl,' Ito tinld, tnriilnff again to ' J think there in »»mo pnwov, lilghw ADdntoro'dlviuo thun mortrclmiioe, nt work ' for us- all: to-night. You will think so to, by and by. CJocd-byo.' And, with a: bbw : and . smile, bo. dis- appeared, and Maggys was left ahftio in Uie horinit'a cavo. -. '?'??-''i' £?? ? ? :^Toht (onlimtcd. f ===== 