WALSHAM GRANGE. A REAL GHOST STORY. Walsham Grange — I have been re quested to alter all the names — stood about six miles from the sea, a lonely, desolate, old manor-house, with a bad name among the people round. Some horrible murder had been committed there in days gone by, and the house was haunted. Mudleigh was the nearest village, some three miles off, and queer tales were told by belated travellers, of fearful shrieks and strange lights, flitting from room to room. It was, in fact, a regular haunted house of the old school. Well, my great-uncle married, and wanted to settle down somewhere in the country. "Look here, Ferriers," said his friend Brufton, " here's the very thing for you. Take Walsham Grange off my hands. My wife hates a country life, or I would live there myself. it seems a pity to let the old place go to wreck and ruin, for want of a tenant. But no one will stay, because of the nonsense about the ghosts. But you are a sensible man ; and you shall have the place, grounds and all, for a mere song. And I tell you what, my boy, give a regular good Christmas party, fill the house with friends, invite us down, and we'll find out all about the ghosts, and you can see how the place suits you." Ferriers was delighted at the notion ; and they determined to go down together first and see if they could discover anything, before their wives and the guests arrived. They agreed to say nothing about the ghosts to anyone, especially the servants, who were to follow them as soon as possible. So off they started, by the Exeter coach, having sent word to the caretakers to prepare for them. Evening was just setting in, when they reached Walsham Grange. They were delighted to find a capital repast ready for them, and were a good deal amused at the conduct of the old caretaker and his wife, who lived in a cottage hard by, and evidently dreaded staying so late in the great house, and were thankful when the time came to say "Good-night." After the constant rumble of the coaches, the old house seemed painfully quiet. However, they chatted away merrily, when "bang" goes a door close by. They seize candles and rush out, pistol in hand. Yes ; the drawing room door is shut. There is no draught. What on earth can have closed it ? Oh ! What's that ! The door at the other end of the room is flung open. Ferriers runs up, sees something dark, and fires. "I say, old fellow," says Brufton, "don't do too much of that. It's bad for the furniture. That was your shadow. ' Nothing more happened ; so they persuaded themselves that it must have been the wind. And, so, after a smoke and a glass of grog, they went to bed. Next morning, they thoroughly ex plored the whole place, but found nothing. In due course, their families and guests arrived. Not a word was said about the ghosts, but after dinner, when they were all in the drawing room, doors were suddenly heard slamming violently. Our triends eye each other askance. And hark ! What's that ? A low wail, commencing far away at first, but gradually coming nearer and nearer, and culminating in one awful shriek ! What is it ? The ladies begin to scream and faint, and all the servants come rushing in, scared out of their wits. This helps to restore the scattered courage of the gentlemen ; and, the last unearthly yell having died away, Ferriers pro poses that the men should at once in stitute a search for "the miscreant, sir, who is trying to frighten us." All the servants are there, and their un mistakable alarm shows plainly enough that they know nothing of the mystery. " We must go at once," says Ferriers, "and discover the rascal. Ghosts ? Pooh ! Nonsense !" But for all that, the ladies would not be left alone. So, it ended in the whole party going over the east wing, where the screams seemed to originate. The gentlemen were con tinually seizing each other in the gloom ; and quite a struggle took place between two old gentlemen, before either found out their mistake. How ever, this served to raise the company's spirits, and, as nothing could be seen or heard, they readily accepted the sugges tion of a footman, " Perhaps it's cats, sir." And so, feeling infinitely re lieved, they all went merrily to bed. An hour or so passed away in silence, when suddenly a yell of agony rang through the house. Shriek follows shriek, in close succession. The ladies in their rooms are screaming, and adding to the general uproar ; then one last frightful yell, and all is still once more. The rest of the night passes quietly enough ; and at dawn, the household gets a little sleep. The servants, however, give warning first thing. Everyone looks scared and shaky at breakfast ; and one guest, Mrs. Ross, is quite hysterical, sends at once for a chaise, and declares she shall die, if she sleeps another night in the house, and so goes away, taking the only three unmarried ladies with her. She said she was just dozing off to sleep, when a strange creaking noise aroused her. At first, she thought it must be the wood fire, which was still smouldering on the hearth, when, to her awful horror, she saw a panel of the high wainscot slowly sliding down, and behind it, the most frightful couple she had ever seen — a masked man and an old woman. The former softly stepped into the room. Then she saw what she had not before observed. Bending lovingly over a cradle before the fire, was a beautiful girl. She was singing a quaint little lullaby, as she gently rocked the baby to sleep. Suddenly she looked round and shrieked with terror, as she saw the hideous form behind her, with one hand ex tended towards the cradle. A moment more, and they were struggling together — anything to protect the child from the man. Then he drew his dagger ; but the poor girl, in her endeavour to keep him from reaching the cradle, had pushed it nearer to the open wainscot. In an instant, the old hag threw herself forward, and clutched the still sleeping child, uttering as she did so, a loud yell of triumph. Shriek after shriek rang from the wretched girl. Then the man struck her down with his dagger, and leaped through the panel, which was closed directly after him ! Mrs. Ross rushed to the door, in an agony of terror ; but, stumbling over a chair, fell senseless to the ground. When she re covered, daylight was streaming into the room ; but there was no trace of girl or cradle, nor any sign that a struggle had taken place. After Mrs. Ross had gone, a complete search was made in her room ; but no sliding panel could be found. However, that night, the gentlemen sat up, determined to discover the mystery. Well, just about a quarter to twelve, up gets Mr. Woodbury and says, "Look here, Ferriers, you're a sensible man, and you know you don't believe in ghosts ; and I think it's not right for us to lend ourselves to such absurd folly ; and, in fact, as a father of a family, I shall not consent— to — watch for a ghost. So, good night !" And off he goes to bed. To be Continued. 