g' AHAUNTED HOUSE; or tocs. a. ooAo.c A TEAR or more ago, just oppositeo the ]houso where I was stopping in one of the suburbs o; a large city, there was a deserted homestead: with a.dingy bill in one window, and the remain of another upon the woodwork of the door, cono taining the usual notice, "To Let." The house had long been untenanted, and nc one seemed to dream that it ever again would be occupied. Certainly tile neighbourhood was most respectable, and in striking contrast with this one unfortunate dwelling. What wasa the matter ? I often queried with myself, as my gaze was powerfully attracted to the place, not because I ever saw aily person venture within its mystic walls, but in the innocence of childhood, a merry little group, small specimens of humanity in dirt and rags, had singled out. this deserted spot as a special site in which to exhibit their works of art, laying a claim to at least the out side as their inviolable possession, as with pieces of chalk or slate. they scratched most uncouth figures upon thile doors, and even as high as they could reach upon the lintels, while, with mud from the gutter, they made dirt pies, leaving the remnants to accumulate upon the dingy sill, and, as boys, who were among them, always do-that large company of rebels-sent a plentiful supply of stones through the sashes, admitting timnid rays of sunshine that had long been denied en trance tilrough tile dusty and begrimed panes. But I am digressing, thoigh giving youl but the outcome of my sight-seeing. as I so often sat at my window and mused upon it all, longing with an intense desire, as a trne descendant of Ere, to know somewhat of the history of that ill-fated building that had come to be so shunned and left, so far as occupation went, to its strange destiny. It is easy to colour such a life as mine was here with a tine of romance, even though I haad always lived in the city, where so many strange things occur, and where nothing is apt to strike one as unusual. - There was a particular romance to me about this country house-I must know more ! lis Ihow ? . Not a soul could gratify my steadily growing curiosity. No one (knew aught but that some indefinable mystery rested over its portals, and, like the plague, it was most persistently shunned. I often thought it had the look of a house well riddled-by the lawyers, or even at some time had. been tile abode of ghosts -for they alwanis seeni to make choicd f'tlif tsiiost'oaitof the -way anid uncomfortable- abitations, 'those .-' "apostles- of, spectres," 'who often ? bring: seandal upbon thli world of spirits themselves. Buti there is surely ano unslumhring Provi deice that sometimes rewards even the inquisi tive, and I was destined at length to hbe grati fled. '- , It hapipened on thisw ise: one;eveiongon a' visit of; the old rector torour:honise, sdhensall: otlher ;isral topics weren exhah'sted, the rickety Ihoaseo',.dross the way chihe into the :lin'. of thdught.o There are times-:whei.'" naught is everything, and everything is naught," but here was a real, substantial .'explanation which is too good to ?b lost. ''L Iwas sent for one night," he "sid,:"by the inmates of that house, Stanley' ange, as it swas ealled it the neigbboluhbod, where I ~ound Mrs. Stahlej and her daigliter; Beatrice, in a very unusual state of excitement and distress. '` ' Oh, doctor !' Mirs. Stanley said, as soon as i entered, a we have suffered so from a fright fill tisitation in the night !? She turned visibly told as'she spoke. ' It was last Wednesday, -iwojweeks, that I woke up in the middle of the iglit, or rather, near morning, just as it was getting light, and I sew-' ".She.choked, and stopped. ^, " ' Well,' said I, 'what did you see 1-'- . 'So Just at the bottom of my bed, such a hLideous:face, all the while, making': grimaces, ats " ' A face ?' I enquired. ' Yes, a veritable face!' - t ry ' ' What did you have for suppermadiidim:?l I asked.,` '' Oh'! it wasn't nig;i?htmre doctor. If;jio believe so, yout woerd neder ? orm mis1islakn?eni yourlifed 'Realityis not nightmare. ive times Ihave sneh that ghastly face already. Itcomes. is all sorta of shapes. Sometimes in the form of an old woman, sometines-liko a small elhild, nid 'then like a big blachsk esm strutting;on?s?is:' hind les, antd witlh'a air of eyes' likoe''t he f?d of thlie evilione, as I could imagcio it ' `r'., `+ ,' Do you ever hear thiss apparltiona come nd go ? 'I inquired. :' No ; but whatever timoTwake Ifind;it there, aiid there is never daor or'owtidaocw thit:I know to be open.' " "' Iive you told your daughter? i - c "' For many nights I kept.ii froi her. She is nervous you know, at bst . . . ' Yes, madam, our nerves play, sad n biv vithous:. at all times,' I said. ";I was, indeed, inclined to make light of the whole- thing, until Mrs. Stanley's silvered sead wals'owed on the mantel, where shes wept like a child, and even then, this seemed biitthe effect of xtreme nervousness to me.." . "As,. look back, now, however, I think no" martyr ever tried to be more couragends than his'timid trembling woman, a prey toso many ears. ,Old age was creeping on, her small stock of stregith diminishing, aid thelittle spirit she eatnrally, posscnessed failing nos.e Alone she had borne'thie terror, that l'eatrice should not ufftr as she had done, but one iiorninigthe girl secidentsily saw the same sight;?ivwich burned in upon lier brain'like a hot iron.. She ',was a girl of plucl, thoegh, when pluick' -ias needed, nd wit h poker aid shovelstarted in quiek pur suit; asshe thoeght she saw the object moving indistirictly in the grey dawn;' but the bead nodded ,ddiaisappeared, and she went back-to sede gaiin, believingoitto be only sn optical illu ions; and as youth is very apt to do, slept soundly one more. :'s r ?e.: 'i This went on for, a coulle of weeks, with .nly one or two intervals, the thing, whatever it c-as, never liarming them, nor was it known to speak bit oneC:?d', Iome?to look at your pretty ace'.' This wiiasall it ever said. Was it Bea trice itiieant ? She was now not''more than eighteen yeirs of age,,with soft;fiairhair, re fined, delicate features and gacefullfigure ; she vas singularly attracti-ei to everybody. WLhat -ere they to 'do gakin and'sgain she begged hlermeiabtherte'ostrl e the hoese. But c-here sbould tliey.f?do ,1gWit a small income theby could not do as they would, and they hIad no altdsnstive but to stay,-andsiof possibl, live. the terro?!down. , 5· ° ,; s ?'": .? '"But theroo came onhour of.~jsilsdiitie, and hismwasi strainger than all the nightly visits of he ghostly intruder .? f: C l : ::. , "Mteetins Mrs. Stanley and Beatrice on the corder of the stireeit fe niihtis hftler, -I walied dowh tos;ird the marketi, anid there, at tile door f s blnaiksmith's shop ojist oppdsite,"stdbd halfwcittol ean in working- attire-,-eak-kneed ends br~iay, whose \vay seemeds:dtochavs bden thr- tl-n wild places of low life. S; see !' Mlrs. Stanley whlispered ex citedly-: The very face of our nightly visitor l Look cit a stunted figiret lidecous face;"a~d-i cbat dingyhlioids 5 There an be nomnisticke t is'he.' - hidit .Wphy, lie's the"blea sn i?di foil. Yoe' must be hoistaken. W"'at'botkl IdEl b edoid? 'ii your house, or how did he get in ?,?' - ' ' 'f I spoke 'to him as I came up. With silly unninog he told me that it a? a cosy place, and le could look at the young lady as much as he lik d, and when he was Iungry he could get a bite down below; but he would not reveal to meno tilse manner of his entrance. "After awhile, Ihowever, there camne circum otantial evidence to prove that lie gained admit seance throughl a small trap door leading from the cellar, quito lidden from sihlt. Thlere, night after nidht, hle came. and lying down on the ground, pnshed himself through the small open ng. This coull only have hobeen done when tihe uel was low. whie l happenedto be the case at Ibjs time. Thie door was nailed up without de nay, eyo may be sure, and Ihenceforth the slum berelts were left undisturbed." The oli rector was relieved as much as they, he confessed, while hie praised thle couraoge and ortituole of both MIrs. Stanley anld Beatrice, lwho, tboughl in her teens, had really grown old in tihe ontest. " No wonder that tile idiot, Jose, had become erazed over Ieryosthfull charms isn his admiring gaze and disappointed hIope," our informant said. as he finished. "But he has long agio gone to s world where the weak and the strong are neither neglected nor forgotten." "' And what of lthe former occupants of the old house ?" iwe asKed in a breath. le could not tell us, except the rumour that ,rs. Stanley, at an ladvanced age, wc:s living in the far West with her dauFegtor, who hdl mar ied, some years ago, a wealthy lawyer there. The tale of the past, no doubt, by them bad long been forgotten, but for us who dwelt near the spot it had left its impreis; and the niman oion, if not in reality a haunted house, seemed tobe avery ill- fated one. 