THE MAN WITH THE BROKEN ABM. A GHOST STOKY. iuo iuuuwmg eiory oj uo non. oiepncu Coleriilgo appears in a late number ot The \ H’owatf* H'orlJ:— “Thought I, as the wind wailed without uud | tho clock kept up its pitilau ropitition, truly it is a fearful night for a man to die in, and the I death* of men are ai different aa their lrree. II waa studied from my thoughts by some one ringing an imperous summons at my door. I There waa a lull in the stonn when I opened it. I A man wa* there under the portico, who at | onoo addressed me: ‘Are you a surgeon?’ I I replied that I waa; he stepped in, and I closed I tho door after him, and lea nim into the library. | • I wish you,’ he said, throwing off his loose cloak with buo hand, ‘to doctor my arm.’ I now saw that his left arm had nothing upon it but the shirt sloere, and hung at his aide, obviously broken; tho rest of his person was dressed m sombre garments indistinguishable from the books against which he stood, and in the dim light only a white arm, and, if pos sible, whiter face were risible. I took the L-unp and brought it to the string-course of the book case close to him, and rolling up tho sleeve found the arm broken a few inches above the wrist. After a careful examination I explained that it had better bo set at once, to which ho merely replied, ‘Very good,’ and for half an hour nothing was said on either side as I went at my task with professional promptitude. When all was completed, the arm fixed immovable, and the cloak thrown over him once more, ho pvaed into the hall, I openod the door and stud, ‘ It will require looking at,* referring to his arm; ‘when will you come again?’ * I will oome ngaiu,’ ho replied, ’ when our friend is buried.’ ‘What friend?’ I gasped. The light over my door illumined the immovable white features; tho lips nover stirred, but the eyes looked at me and said, ‘ He whom you had left when I came.' ‘ In the name of Ood,' said I, ‘who and what are you?’ The stranger made no answer, hut, throwing his cloak over his mouth, strode away into the darkness'. . . . When I reached the house I found that death had been there before me; my friend had breathed his last about half an hour of ter 1 had left him. I asked whether he had been oonscious at all before the end, and those about him replied that bo had talked with emphasis about some matter they could not understand, and that he had frequently men tioned some gauntlet about which, as far aa they could comprehend, he seemed in great dis tress. This I attributed at th* time to delirium, and after a lost sad look at the peaceful face I returned home sorrowful. On the last day of the year the gloomy procession of beano and car nngcs titortcd tram my friend's hou*o to the ccinotcry. Chill hml cold seemed the chnpol na wc rose to follow the coffin to the grave, while the white haro walls echoed again to the horrid trump and rcuffio of those who bent under their ghastly burden. As wo passed out a figure stepped from the side of the portico and joined the slow procession; in an instant I recognised the stranger whose arm I lind set; ho bowed gravely to me. mid I returned bis salutation. When" wo reached the grave he took up a position opposite to myself, and I bad leisure to observe, in spite ot the ample cloak he wore, that ho carried a parcel of some size in his right hand. When all was over, 0110 by one the others departed till tlio stranger and myself wore left gazing down in silence upon the coffin, lie came slowly round and stood by my side, but ns 1 remained motionless and silent, bo at Inst addressed ir o. * I wish,’ he said 1 to accompany tou to your house; have you your carriage V* 1 replied that it was waiting for me at tho chujK'l, and wo moved away together in that direction. It was dusk when wc reached tho carriage and got in. . . At my house door I would have hid him begone in God's name, but that a nameless fear of him prevented me. Coldly I invited him to enter, and wc passed together into tho house. In the library, at his request, I examined his arm and did what was necessary to it. When I had finished this task I asked him as politely ns I oould whothcr ho had any further business with me, to which ho replied that he would ask this single favour of me, that inasmuch as ho was leaving tho country that night, it would be a kindness to liira were I to take charge of a certain jiarecl, which perhaps I had socn ho carried, until his return. I repliod that I should have no objection; and, saying ho had left it in the hall, he went out. while ho was gone I turned with my back to tho room, and stirred up tho tire. Tho noise I made in doing this prevented my hearing his footsteps as ho returned. I was stooping over the fire with my back to him, when I board his voico behind mo say * Hero it is: it is a gauntlet, for which I shall come to you again/ This mention of a gauntlet brought some unformed recollection into my mind as I tumod round to take it. When I faced him I saw a sight to freeze tho blood ! Tho man was holding out towards mo the parcel he had carried at the grave-side, hut —with his broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to take it. I felt a sudden immense weight that my one hand could not support, and tho bundle fell upon tho floor bo tweon us with a crash, I glanced down at it for a bar© moment, looked up, and found mvsolf alono ! I staggered round, caught sight of my features livid in tho mirror over tho fire, and knew no more till hours later my servants found mo stretched at full length upon the hearthrug, slowly recovering from a deep trance. Before doing anything else, I sent overyono away, and examined tho bundlo that still lay upon the floor of my room. It proved to contain, as ho had said, an iron gauntlet, butono of such enormous proportions that it was impossible to conceive a human hand gigantic enough to wear it. I remember that there was an unused cupboard in th* wall behind th© hc.vl or my own hod upstairs, where it might lio for orvr in perfect safety. I ascended to my bed room, pullod out the boil, locked tho great gauntlet into the cupboard, and put the ker on to my bunch. Timo went on, and reasons post'd a way, till what I have recorded vras lading from ruv memory, when on tho sarao day of tho year, seven years later, after n terrible day’s work at the bedside of suffering, I reached my hous© after midnight, spent and weary. I gave th© coachman instructions for tho morning, and then, as ho drove away, tumod to open tho door. Upon tho stops, the light over the door falling upon his ashy feature**, stoo<l a man whom I instantly rocognircd. I stood where I was in silence. *1 have come,' ho said quietly, * for that gauntlet ;* and I said nothing, but opened tho door and led him, an I had done on tho samo list «lay »>f the n^ar, seven years before, into tny library. Th©n* stood the lamp oj* before it bail stood, "tho clock pointed to tho very hour and minute at which it had pointed before, and tho interval of time seemed to have -vanished nt a stroke. 4 To.uight,’ thought I os I rang th© bell loud and long, * to-night I will not b© alono.’ 1 I will foteh it,' I add to the stronger, and going out, locked the study door behind me, and waited in tho hall for my servant. In a fow moments ho cam© hurrying up. ' Now/saidI, 1 stay you at this door and so© that the manT have locked in there does not come out.1 I mounted to my bedroom nnd pulled out the bed from tho wall, exporing the door of the cupboard. I took tho candle and put it on the bed where it would throw its light Into th© nine* when opened, unlocked tho door, and looked in. It wo* abiuduielr empty! With a cry I fled downstair*, and hardly knowing whai I did, called on iny servant as ho valued his life not to let tho runn oecape, turned the key, and burst into tho library. Thoro was no one there ! Shutters barred—door locked—lamp quietly burning—tho room—empty! * Ton look ill, sir,* said ray servant. 1 Ay,* 1 ai answered, 11 am.’ I left th© house next day never to return. But ono windy night, not long ago. driving past it, there, on tho doorstep under the flickering light, I saw tho stranger wrapp’d in his cloak. 'Ah, all !r said I to myself, laughing. * thoy will wont another tenant there soon/ As we pAMed on down tho street I lifted th© flap behind mo in tho hock of the carriage to take another look at tho figure under tho lamp, and saw, flat against thef gloss, close against my own, that terrible face white and fixed !" 