THE ROMANCE OP RINGS. . I From (he Daily Actus) The British Museum hftsjtint published hii illustrated Catalogue of the Gem.-? in the National Collection. Ash ruh-, these engraved stones are wt. In rigns, eilhi-riu the original gold, silver, bronze, or lion, or in modern sellings. In tiiber case this treasure of antiquities, which might be carried in a satchel, is fujl of the iuost curious and even iDtnauil^ inleresl. Rings were the most iuiimate, precious, and durable objects which men of old fiossessed, A man's ring was his lock; le Bet it on a seal which could ant be in fringed without ills discovering tbe in jury- True,. a theological impostor, un masked by Lucian. discovered a method of. opeulug seuis, and ao was enabled to open the sealed packets of questions which he pretended to read by clairvoyance. Indeed; the, simple boyish . device of a bread seal would have served this rogue as well bs the means fo' which' be had re course. People appear to have beni so guileless, as a rule, that seals were seldom forged, and, as keys and signatures, they were in absolutely universal employment. Tbey were ever on each man's haiid, and tbe materials on which the gems are cut are of the hardest: and thus one may wear to-day a seal which has adorned the finger of Alexander, of Virgil, or of CiBSar. Kings with portraits were com mon in tbe late Roman Republic, and probably these were worn (especially when Emperors came to be represented later) by the friends of poets aud the cour tiers of statesmen. The Museum has a I gem with a profile of Cicero that may have b'!en » present from Tully to Atticus for what we know, and who will asHureus that Virgil did not carry the riug with a portrait, of Horace. Mr. King meulions a portrait of MasaaniKsa, set in a ring of iron ; ' perhaps it has been worn by Suipio himself. The merit oftbe en graving proves that it must have been executed for a person of high position.' Thus, there is no waif or stray left by tbe wave of tbe past ou tbe sea of the present so intimate, and so curious, as a riug of the ancient world. Conceive tbe luck of the collector who should find tbe ring of Hanuitial, 'aveuger of so many mur ders tbe ring with a hollow coulaiuiog sudden poison. The- drug may have been hidden iu a hollow stooc or in the njelal setting. Iu (lie former case tbe gem must have perished with its owner. Mr. King publishes a copy of onyx hol lowed out to contain poison aud engraved witb tbe ugly face of a horned Fauu. To ' reach tbe poison it was only necessary to bite through the thin shell of onyx. When the gold deposited by Camillus in the Capitol, was taken away the persou responsible for it ' broke tbe stone ef bis ring in bis mouth,' aud died at once. As these stories appear not to bedoulited, they seem to prove tbat the ancients were indeed no inexpert poisoners. We must infer tbe reverse from stories of the clumsiness of Locusta. Tbe romance of aDcient gems is inex haustible ; it meets us everywhere. This cornelian may bold tbe portrait of some rich man's mistress, such as Clement of Alexandria forbade the Christians to wear ;? we may be looking on tbe favorite of Ovid or Propertius, on Corinia or on Cynthia. Where will our photographs be iu 1800 vears, or wbat record will exist of the fair faces of to-day? Tbey are w:isbpd ou paper or painted on canvass ; not one lady or one lover bas thought of being made imperishable ou cornelian or sard, yet if tbere were but patrons, who can doubt that the skill exists, as in tbe last century, and tbat we have inglorious Pichlers and Pislruccis among us, who, like these masters, needed to sign their g. ms lest tbey should beeold for veritable antiques? But gem-engraving bas rarely flourished, apart from the custom wbicli made a man's riug part of himself, his symbol aud signature, a taken often, as in the case of tbe famoUB riug Klizibetb gave to Essex. Of all rings, if only one could identify it, the most romantic would be that which waB worn by the fair ghost of Corinth, who even from her gr:ive came to embrace her lover. The story is told in a fragment of Pblegon, a writer of the second century of our era. Iu Phiegon's words it sounds uncom fortably real .We see tbe old nurse pry iug into tlie room of tbe young man whose betrothed is dead , and there tbe dead girl sits with ber bridegroom, and when the house has been roused, aud tiie - grave searched, tbey find tbere only the iron ring which the lover bad given to the dead girl iu exchange for her ring of gold. This tiuy circlet of iron moves us more than even tbe poisonous riug nf Hannibal, or tbat too famous gem which Polycrates tried vainly to throw away. In Piiuy's time they showed it, a' s»rdoayx not engraved in the Temple of Concord. But this was a blunder, for HerodotUB declared it to have been nn emerald, engraved by Theodoras of Samoa witb tbe device of a lvre, according to Clement of Alexandria. Some years ago people fancied I hat thiB famouB Hug, as noted as that ofS iloiuon, had been dug up in a vineyard at Aricia. Mr. King cruelly suggests tbat this was a mere ancient imitation, ' a favourite device of literary men.' But the style of the art. archaic in the time of Poly crates, would settle tbat question, and perhaps permit us to believe' iu the authenticity of tbe relic. . Gems are practically imperishable. A wonderful head of Medusa op an onyx is no less mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for mauy centuries ii was rolled in the sand aud silt of the. Tibet1. The ring of Polycrates, if not found at Aricia, may to-day be on tbe finger of some fisherman of Ssrnos, for these men in 'the Greek islands have usually some vener able jewel of this discretion. The Museum catalogue, as may be sup posed, is concerned witb the history, not with tbe romance, of rings. They began to be regularly collected in cabinets by the Romans before the Republic fell, They were older than Rome or Greece, for Greece borrowed tbe ideacbiefly-from tbe Egyptain scarabs. To be sure, bean shaped pebbles were engraved by the Greeks before tbey took to cultiugscaraba of cornelian, aud very ugly the engrav ings on the old pebbles often are. They sometimes prove tbat Greeks used ID is bard material while their artistic skill was not in advance of Red Indian design, and when their dress was of the New Caledonian fashion. An example (78) is photographed in the catalogue. The stone scarabs 'came iu about tbe end of tbe seventh century B.C. It may be said that tbe designs nn;tl?e early scarabs are only by a stage lenB rude than ihose found on the ' ientoid ' or beau-shaped stones. Finally it dawned ou somebody tbat tbe dumpy, thick scarab ,was a waste of material. Thenceforth thin slices of rare stones were used, and to tbeBe we owe t he exquisite effects of .trposluceucy and colour in the best ring-stones. From this date tbe art of eera engraviug.ontere Us beet period. It present# us] w),tb miniature copies of funio'Us lost BtatUes ; with ' portraits' of poets, emperors, beauties ; with scenes, from real life; with,, litt|e ,ldyllB like illustrations of Tbco critus i With scene/ from mythology, ; with fanciful devices ;1 witb groupB of laughing Loves: With men engage)! in: all pccupatlnnu ; with hints of religious, mysteries j finally with tlie dull anp gro tesque symbols of GbcipUcism. The whole history, social, political; religious, prllsllc, nf several centuries Is Jmperlshably.re-; presented ou the seals of rings. ' Even;! fire, wjiicb blackeoe. them. c»nd piak|B,| tbepi opaque, (does not.loBe the lovellneja J of theHDes, ' Modern civilisation can leave no such Indestructible picture of itself, no such beautiful fragments of cus toms aud manners which must pass, as ! Greece and Rome have paBsod away. | These elder States will in this manner I outlive us, aud if a cosmic catastrophe i wept uian from the world, and if again the world wore, inhabited by rational beings, they too would find the counter feit representatluu of what Greece was engraven ououvx, and sard aud emerald. Suoh are the fancies suggested by (lie 2349 rings of the Museum. * 