B ONNIBE L. OenPTER v (CO??iosu:D). " MY dear little girl," said Roden, bending over and hissing her smooth brow with one of his rash impulses, " we must see what can be done with that voice. I am think ing that you will add to the honor of your name some day, Miss Herrick." She started to her feet. It was as though her very heart's blood had risen to meet his lips. A delicate, vivid rose-color dyed all her brow and temples. " How do you mean ?-how do you mean ? " she said in a rough, shaken whisper, holding both hands against her heart as though afraid it would leap from her body. " Never mind what I mean just now," he said, with the smile of a wiseacre; " and Virginia, since you have sung that song so charmingly, I amu sure that you will be glad for me about something which I am going to tell you." Glad ? Was she not always glad for anything which gave him joy ? Had she not read her eyes almost sightless, night after night, in mastering that strange horse lore which would enable her to help him in his enterprises? She came nearer in bright expectancy ; lifted her face to meet his looks and words. "Yes," she said; "please tell me. I know I'll be glad-I cert'n'y will." "I am engaged to be married," he told her. " I am engaged to be married to Miss Mary Erroll, and-I want you to be the first to congratulate me, Virginia." He could recall nothing afterwards but the swift withdrawing of her hands from his. He could not even remember how she had left the room. Sihe seemed to vanish as though in reality she had been but a wraith summoned up by fancy from days long fled. But Virginia? Ahl I Virginia. Out, out, out into the night she sped, on supple un shod feet. She had torn off those queer little parodies of shoes at the hall door, and hold them now mechanically to her breast as she ran. The air, redolent with peach blossoms and hyuaciuths just born, rushed to meet her from the dsark jaws of the east, as though some leviathan should breathe with a sweet breath upon the night May earth. There was no moon in the lustrous blue grey of the heavens, but the stars seemed trying to atone for her absence by their multitudinous shining. As Virginia dashed on past a clump of box bushes, her skirts brushing the stiff leaves set them rattling, and woke the nested birds to querulous complaints. Her foot were wet with the night grasses, and bruised with the pebbles of the carriage drive. She reached the lawn gate, opened it, and rushed through. On, on, across a field of grass, close cropped by the not fastidious sheep, who, warmly folded on a neiglhbouring hill - side, still nibbled drowsily between their slumbers such luscious blades as were within their reach. She came at last to a little enclosure set about with evergreens and almost knee deep in withered grass. Her eyes, grown accustomed to the wan light, could easily make out two little hillocks, as it were, formed within by heaped-up earth, and clasped by the tangled herbage. She knew them well. Underneath their some time verdant rises slept the first twain who in Virginia bore the name of Caryston. Side by side, so had they lain, in death to gether as in life they had been. Virginia knew well this their self-chosen resting place. Here on summer afternoons would stel come to knit. Here she always brought the first spring flowers, and here site had always placed boughs of white and purple lilacs every day while they lasted. She had dreamed and wondered and enjoyed here, and hero she came to suffer, as from subtle instinct a man turns to his child hood's home to die. Just outside the wicket- gate the daffodils were all in plenteous blossom, as though day, for once relenting, had dropped an armful of gold into the lap of night. On a locust- tree near by a mocking-bird trilled and warbled. She cast herself faice down upon one of the graves, clasping it about with her bare arms, as one clasps a proven friend in time of trouble. She had spoken no word as yet. She suffered as keenly, as dumbly as any creature, wild or tame, to whom there is no soul. But all at once ia cry broke from her, then over and over again, " 0 my God 1 0 my God 0 my God I" The sobbing piteousness of this desolate prayer as it tore its way from the deptbs of her wild heart-who shall write of it ? Not I-not I-even if I could. She was a savage. She suffered like a savage. Will any say there was no justice in it ? It is something, is it not, to be capable of passion such as that ? She suffered beyond most people, men and women, it is true; but was she not in that much blessed above them ? She lay there until the dawn looked whitely above the eastern hills upon the waking earth. In her quaint old dress one might have thought her the tortured ghost of the woman who had so long slept in peace below the grass-hidden mound. She staggered, when at last she rose to her feet, and fell for a moment upon her knees. There was a sense of vagueness. that possessed her. She did not seem to care now, somehow. She wondered if they would be married at the little church in the neighbourhood, and if they would lot her come. She thought he would. She thought that she would niot mind much seeing it. Of course they wouold live here. She would see them together every day. Well, what of that ? She was surprised in a ,ull way that it did not affect her more. Then she remembered that she lhad not made any bread for him, sudh as he liked, the night before. Well, it was a pity; but it was too lato; it wouldn't have time to rise now. She must think of something .elso. Mforning came on apace, clad all in translucent boryl-coloured robes, and brow bound withl gold and with scarlet. The birds were waking and chattering as women chatter over their morning toilets. Some more hyacinths had bloomed in the night, and there was a great olump of iris, that she had not noticed the day before, on the hill-top. A cardinal-bird, .swooping downward like a flame fallen from some celestial fire, made his morning bath in the hollow of a tulip.treoo leaf-a relic of vanished winter filled by kindly spring with fragrant rain. As she neared the lawn gate she saw some one leaning over it. A swart, red kerchiefed figure, clad in a dress whose stripes of blue and white circled her large body as its hoops a barrel. It was Aunt Tishy. She pushed open the gate, jamming her stout proportions uncomfortably in her haste to reach the girl. " Gord 1 Miss Fagiuia, whar is you ben ? An' gret day in do mawnin I what dat you got on, anyhow ? Gord I Gord I of do chile ain' jes z wet 's 'f she'd bhen caught in do Red Sea wid Phario. Honey, whar is you ben, in do name o' Gord ? Tell yo' mammy. Is you been see a harnt ? What de matter wid my baby? Gord I Gord I dem eyes sutney is hen look on suppn dradeful. Po' lamb I po' lamb I Look at dom little foots, an' do stockiu's all war often 'em same as do rats dun neaw 'em. Ain' yo' gwine tell yo' mammy, my lady-bug? Come 'long so. Tammy kin 'mos' kyar yo' ter do house." Virginia submitted listlessly to the old black's blandishments. She was not sorry tJ have Aunt Tishy's massive arm about her. Her feet ached and smarted; there was a sharp pain in her side when she drew her breath, and that dreadful feeling of being a thing just born, a creature who had no past, still held her in its numbing grasp. Aunt Tishy took her into the big kitchen, an out-house consisting of one room, and a fire-place in which one might have roasted a whole ox. It was lined on two sides with great smoke-darkened pine presses. The other walls and the ceiling had once been white, but were now stained the colour of a half-seasoned meerschaum pipe. The two windows had casements with diamond shaped panes of dingy glass set in lead. Enormous deal tables stood here and there. From the surrounding gloom came the glimmer of brightly polished tin, as brilliant in its effect as the glint of a negro's teeth from the.dusk of his face. Aunt Tishy, having seated her nursling in an old wooden rocking-chair, dragged a basket of chips and shavings from the capacious ingle-nook, and set about making the fire. She first scooped away the yet warm ashes of yesterday with her shapely yellow- palmed hands (negroes have gener ally well-formed hands and remarkably pretty finger-nails). Then she began laying a foundation of shavings and lightwood splinters; here and there she stuck a broad locust chip. Whenou these preparations were all completed she went out to "fotch a light," she said, assuring Virginia of her speedy return. In a few moments she was back, carrying a handful of live coals in her naked palm, having first sprinkled a few ashes over it for protection. With these she kindled the fire, which soon made a busy clamour in the hollow throat of the old chimney. Once more she disappeared, returning with a bundle of things in her arms : a big shawl, Virginia's shoes and stockings, and her homespun dress. "I gwino take dat dar outlandish thing often yo', honey," she announced, seating herself on the pine floor in front of the girl, and beginning to draw off her torn stockings. "I gwine mekl yo' put on yo' own frawk 'fo' dey sees yo' in d' house. Marse Gawge le ain' knoin' nuttin' 'bout yo' beiu' out all night. I 'mos' skeered to deaf 'bout yo', but I ain' selh nuttin' to naw body, 'case I dido' think my honey gwine g'way fur good." She tools the little cold bare feet into her cushiony palms, and robbed them softly. Every now and then she bent down her gaily- turbaned head and blow with warm breath upon them, after the negro fashion of ministering to any frozen thing, from a bit of bread to a young " sqnawb." " Yo' barf's all rade-y in do house," Aunt Tishy continued, as she knelt up and began unfasteniug the ribbons from the front of the old-time garmoent the girl had donned in a mood so different. " Gord I honey," she said, as the pins accumulated in her capacious mouth, " in do name o' sense what dun persess yo' tnh put on dis byash thing ? Name o' Gord I ewho ever see sicl a thing, atiylhow ? " She held it up with much of the contempt with which Virginia had at first regarded it, tossing it finally into the chip-basket. Virginia said nothing from first to last. Sire was almnost sure that she was dreaming, and would soon awake. " My sakes 'live," chulcled Aunt Tishy, as she booked the homespun dress about the girl's waist, " wouldn' I 'a thanked Gordmighty of yo'd 'a ben din good when yo' wuz laetlo, honey ? Mll, mh-emph ! " (This final ejaculatiou I find impossible to describe with pen and ink.) When sloe had completely altered her charge's appearance, replaiting her di shovelled hair, and unwinding from its tangled meshes the little chain of white and red sea- shells, Aunt Tisihy took her by the hand and led her across the side lawn to the house. " Now yo' kin dress comfbul," she told her, "an' jess molek yo'se'f easy, my lamb. Tishy she sin' gwine soh nuttin' tub rIne. bodo'y." Virginia tried to smile upon hier. Some thing stiff at tile corners of her mouth seemed to prevent her. She turned, lifting one haud to her chelk, and went into the yet quiet house. crAPTERe VI. Rodon wondered a good deal, during such moments as his thoughts reverted not to his ladylove, concerning Virginia's recent neglect of him. Popocatopotl was his at tendant now at meals, dried his news papers, and gambolled for his amuso ment. Virginia had come to him on the afternoon of thIe day following that upon which he had announced to her his engagement, and had said she "didn't klinow whlat toolk her las' night. She cert'n'y was glad hIe was so happy. Ho must please suense her 'f she'd ben unporlite. She cert'n'y was glad." But lioden missed her very much. Besides, hie wished exceed ingly to hear her sing again. He wanted to be quite sure that hie had not deluded himself in regard to tIle possibilities con tained in her sonorcus voice. Virginia continued to be very economical of her presence, however, and three days afterward hie was summoned to New Yo;k by telegraph to attend tile bedside of an ailing thoroughlbred. Virginia did not come to tell him good by, IHe thoughtl it strange at th moment, but did not have time to ponder over it subsequently. She in the mean. time, kneeling behind the " slats " of her bed room window-blinds, watched the little Canadian fishing waggon as it drove away, with Popocatepetl proudly installed on the back seat. She held something crushed against her breast-an old Trinity College boating cap which belonged to Roden. She knelt there for full a half hour after the last grinding of the cart wheels on the carriage- drive. No tears rose to soothe the burning in her eyes. She had not wept since that night spent by those lonely graves. At last she rose and went over beside the fire. The day was unusually raw for the season of the year. Rebellious robins chattered on the eaves. A fitful wind swept rudely over the fields. Virginia, with unseeing eyes on the low-mouldering fire, caressed the bit of blue cloth in her hands with ab sent, slow-moving fingers. Anon she lifted and examined it closely. It seemed to her that the lion on the coat of arms might have been better done. She remembered an old print of Daniel in the lion's den which was in the big family Bible. Therein the king of beasts was, she thought, far more ably depicted. This lion had an insane expres sion, owing probably to the two black dots which stood for his fierce eyes, a paucity of mane, and a superfluity of tail which struck her as undignified. Suddenly she burst out laughing. Peal after peal of the merry, staccato sound rang through the winding passageways above, and echoed down into the lower halls. Rip pie upon ripple of wild merriment. A rush, an abandonment of jollity, in which she had not indulged for many a day. She tried in vain to stop. She could not. That little oblong lion with his much curled tail was too much for her. Ha I ha ! Oh, how funny-how funny it was I and how she enjoyed a good laugh I And was it not far, far better to laugh than to cry ? Oh, that funny, funny, funny little beast I How merry he made her, how jolly, how care-free, once more I A voice rang out suddenly, calling her name: " Faginia ! O-o-o-o-o Faginia 1 O-o-o-o-o-o Faginia I " Startled into sudden gravity, she slipped the cap into the breast of her brown stuff gown, and went to the door. " That you, father ?" " Yase, 'tis. What 'n th' name o' good ness 'r' you hyahhbbyahin' 'bout up thar all by yo'soelf? Howsomdever, the beauty o' the question air, thar's a young lady down here as wants ter see you, an' I'd never 'a knowed yo' was in the house of yo' hadt" been goin' on like a wit'-cat with the stomach-ache." " Who is it ? " said Virginia. Back came the name in strident unmis takable syllables, " Miss-Ma-ry-Er-roll." There was a second's pause. ."I'll be down in a minute," Virginia called back. Miss Mary Erioll was walking up and down the " front hall" in her Quorn-oloth habit, whistling softly to herself. Her short riding-skirt needed no holding up to enable her to move comfortably, and her hands were clasped behind her about her hunting. crop. Virginia, coming slowly down the many convolutions of the broad stairway, noticed the dark sheen of the thick braid folded away under the smart littleihat, the glimpse of fair cheek and throat, the thorough-bred lines of the slight figure. " Morniu'," she said, briefly. Miss Erroll stopped in the midst of an in tricate aria, unbent her red lips, and held out her hand in its loose dog-skin glove : evi dently she intended to ignore the unpleasant ness of their last interview. "I came to Caryston for two reasons," she announced, cheerily. "First, to give your father a message which Mr. Roden left with me. Secondly, to bring you some thing, Miss Virginia. I believe you ,like dogs ?" " Some dawgs," said Virginia, speaking in a dull, even tone. Miss Erroli, nothing daunted, led tile way to the library; she pulled off the wrappings from about a wicker basket, and lifted out a sturdy mastiff pup, who, supported across the palm of his whilom mistress' fair hand, made ungainly motions with his great paws, as though trying to swim. " Won't you take him, Miss Virginia ? We have so many dogs at home, it would be a real kindness." "Most likely my father 'd like to have him," said Virginia. "I' don' have much time ter'tend ter dawgs. I'm much obliged ter yer though." Miss Erroll thus rebuffed, set down the little mastiff on the floor, and pushed it with the toe of her riding-boot. One of the characteristics of this young woman was an insatiate desire for the good- will of every one. It was weak, no doubt; but, as the celebrated saying bath it, the weakness was very strong. Somehow it made Mary un comfortable to think that the overseer's daughter, humble though her position was, should not succumb to the charm which she chose to exert for her benefit. The unconscious little peace-offering in the mean time was making abortive efforts to peer into every object out of his reach which the room contained. A sudden revulsion of feeling came over Virginia, a sense of unnecessary rudenoess, and of the uselessness of it all. "I-I'll take him, thank you," she said, stooping and lifting the puppy into her capable young embrace. " I'm mighty glad to have him. He cert'n'v is pretty." Poor Virginia I She felt tihe baldness of these phases without knowing how to remedy them. "He cert'n'y is cunnin'," shabe added. Mary was much relieved. "I thought you would like him," she said, " I have named him Mumbo, after one of his ances tors. If you don't like the name, please be sure to clhange it." "Oh, I like it I" said Virginia. "I couldn't give him a better one to save my life. I kyarn't never searsely think o' names for the critters on th' farm. Does he know it yet ." "Oh nol" Miss Erroll assured her. "You'll hlave to teach him that." She looked down intently at one of her gloves and began to unbutton it. "I sup pose you have heard of my engagement?" she said, without loolking up. Yes, Virginia had heard of it. She said so in an even moaotonea whick had in it uo suggestions eitherof approval or disapproval. Sho was tsstonished to feel Miss Erroll's hand on her arm. " Miss Virginia," said that young lady, with a sweet and whole-souled blush, " I'm going to ask you to do me a tremendous favour. I-I would like so much to see Jack's-Mr. Roden's room just as he left it, don't you know-with his boots and coats and whips lying about. I don't want your father or any of the servants to know, because they would think me crazy; but I'm sure you'll understand." Virginia led the way without a word. The mastiff pup made playfully affectionate dabs at her round chin with his rose- leaf toigueo. Roden's bedroom' was on the ground-floor. He did not occupy the majestically gloomy apartment in which his first night at C.,ryst:su had been spent. This room was in the east wing of the house, plentifully perforated with small casements, and panelled from floor to ceiling. This panelling had all been painted white, and the result of the heavy coatings, renewed from time to time, was a rich, ivory-like smoothness of tint and tone. A little single iron bedstead stood in one corner of the room, between two windows. There were some capital old sporting prints upon the walls, numberless hunting-crops and riding-canes stacked on the high mantel, spurs, gloves, tobacco bags, cartridges, and what not heaped pell moll on tables and chairs, about twenty pairs of boots and shoes ranged along one side of the room, some on and some not on trees. Garments of divers kind were pitched recklessly about. It is perhaps needless to say, after the foregoing descrip tion, that confusion reigned supreme. Miss Erroll, at first shyly conscious of Virginia's presence, soon began to move about after her usual airy fashion. She lifted the briar-wood pipe, so often smoked in Virginia's presence, and pressed her lips playfully to its glossy bowl. " Aren't woman geese, Miss Virginia, when they care for any one ?" she said, turning to laugh at the girl over her grace ful shoulder. She was entirely at her ease now, and went about from object to object, touching some and merely looking at others, with a little conscious air of possession which was like the turning of a rusty knife in the girl's heart. She tossed an old shooting coat from the bed's foot to a chair, remark ing as she did so : " What careless creatures the best of men are; I shall have to give Master Jack a lesson in the old proverb coucerning places and things - when - when I am Mrs. Jack l" she ended, merrily. Turning over some things oil a table near one of the windows she came across an old-fashioned netted purse of rod silk, with steel rings and tassels-the purse Vir ginia had netted for him during such odd moments as she could steal from her many occupations. She watched MBiss Erroll now with hungry eyes, the eyes of a wounded lioness who watches, helpless, the taking away of one of her cubs. Her heart beat against her homespun bodice with short, quick throbs. She stooped and set the struggling puppy upon the floor. It seemed to her as though she had been holding fire in her arms. " Oh, this is so pretty I" said unconscious Mary. " This is so very quaint and pretty I I must have it. Of course he'd give it me. I'm just going to take it without saying by your leave;" and with that she slipped it in the pocket of her habit. Virginia shut her eyes for a moment, dizzy with pain and anger; but the red light which seemed to surround and envelop her when she did so made her fainter than ever. She lifted her dark lids and stared out at the blank strip of sky above the bor bushes outside the window, vacantly, un. seeingly. She had no distinct recollection of the remainder of Miss Erroll's visit. That one fact concerning the taking away of the purse which Roden had promised to keep always alone remained distinctly in her mind. She had tried honestly to overcome the all-powerful, unreasoning dislike of Miss Mary Erroll, anud the result had been worse than if it had not been tried. The dis cordant, insistent yapping of the mastiff pup irritated her almost beyond endurance. He seemed bout on intruding upon her his regret for the departure .of his former mistress. As she went wearily into her father's work-room, and sat down to her spinning wheel, she heard his voice at the window calling her. " Well ? " she said, listlessly. "'Pears to me," said he jocosely, " as having rained, it air cert'n'y pouriu'. Heah's Joe Scott come ter bring yo' them jorhnny-jump-ups he ses as he promised yo'." She rose violently to her foot, upsetting the wheel and tearing her skirt against a pro jecting nail as she hastened to the window. "Tell him I'm sick," she said. " Tell him I'm in bade. I ain't a-goin' ter see him; that's flat. If needs be, tell him so." But Mr. Joseph Scott had already entered the room. He was a person of sinuous, snake-like presence, and seemed capable of shedding his complete attire by means of one deft wriggle. His neck rose from a turn - down celluloid collar after the fashion of the neckof Alice in Wonder land, what time she had partaken of the cake which caused her to exclaim, " Curi ouser I and curiouser I" His long locks, of a vague, smoky tint, exuded an unsavory smell of (I am ashamed to say) rancid pomatum. He wore a threadbare summer overcoat, though in his case the "over" was a decided misnomer, as there was nothing under it but au unbleached cotton shirt, and a sporting vest which had evi dently belonged to some Briton. His necktio would have put an October forest to the blush. His mud-colored trousers were pulled down outsilde of his great cowhide boots, which presented their very apparent tops in a ridgy circle beneath the stuff of his trousers. A strangling sense of loathing and revolt rose in Virginia's throat. She felt as though she would indeed suffocate beneath that terrible combination of smell and vulgarity. She leaned far out of the window, and spoke to him without turning her head. " Mornin'," she said, curtly. "P'r'aps you heard me toll father I was sick." " Lor' ! air you '?" said Mr. Scott. "I eert'n'y am sawry. Here's them jorhnny. jump-ups I hearn you seh ez how you wanted." "Thank you," said Virginia, in a stifled voice. She still leaned out of the window, and the conversation flagged. " Larse night," suddenly announced Mr. Scott, with spasmodic assertiveness-"Larse night a peeg-horg came down th' mounting and gneawed all pa's corn orf." " He must'a had a mighty leetle crop," said Virginia from without the window. Her voice came back into the room softened by the purring air without. "I'm tawkin' 'bout gyarden corn," said Mr. Scott, failing to appreciate the sar casm. Again a silence. The mastive pup, di verted by the arrival of the new comer, went sniffing about his redolent person. "Ef he was a fox," thought Virginia, dryly, "'twouldn't take no houn's ter fol ler his scent. I could track him a week arterwards myself." Out loud she said, " Air them roots or flowers you brought me ?" "Both," said Mr. Scott. Another pause. " The tarryfied fever's a-ragiu' up ter Annesville," lie announced presently. Virginia faced about for the first time. " Is it ? " she asked. " Who's down ? " "Nigh all o' them Davisos. The doctor says as how it's 'count o' their makin' ferti. liser in their cellar." " What ?" said Virginia. He repeated his assertion. "Ef that's true," she said slowly, " I ain' goin' to bother my head 'bout 'em ; such fools oughter die." (Be that as it may, she " bothered her self enough to tramp on foot. all the way to Annesville, some eight miles, that very afternoon, and offer her services as sick nurse. The house fortunately was under quarantine, and there was assistance enough.) "But that ain' nothin' ter th' skyarlet fever over the mounting," Mr. Scott pur sued, in a tone whose threadbare lugu briousness revealed the morbid satisfaction which lined it. " That's fyar howlin'; an' they sez, moresomeover, ez how it can be kyard an' took from a leetle bit o' rag." Old Herrick, who had come again to the window, was listening intently. "'S that so ?" he said finally. " Well, consequently were, the beauty of that question air, thar ain' much rag trade goin' on between that side o' th' mounting an' t'other. Hyeah I hyeah I" " How can you laugh, father ? " said the girl. " Godamighty, gyrl I I ain' laufin' at the folks as has the fever, but at them as 'ain't." " They says as how it kin be kep' in a piece o' ribbon or sich fur over twenty year," pursued Mr. Scott, who apparently not content with his own fragrance, con tinued from time to time to bury his long nose in the bunch of johnny-jump-ups which he still held. "'S that so,?" said old Herrick again. "I tell yo' what darter, 'f that thar's true, yo'd better have them things ez th' las' Englisher's wife lef' up in th' attic burned up." " Why ? " said Mr. Scott, before Virginia could reply. "'Case thar baby died o' th' red fever, and thar's some of its belongin's up thar inter a cradle-some little odds an' eens ez they forgot ter take away with 'em in their trouble." " Yo'd cert'n'y better burn 'em," said Mr. Scott, with knowing gloom. "I'd as soon sleep with a bar'l o' gunpowder over my hade." " Well, seems to me of there's danger 'n either, 'twouldn't be in th' gunpowder," said Miss Herrick, dryly, " seein' as it don' never blow down, an' yo'd be onder it." " G'long, Miss Faginia I" exclaimed her not-to- be-rebuffed admirer. "Yo'd have yo' joke 'bout a dyin' minister 1" He left a half-hour afterward, all uncon. scious of the seeds of disaster which he had sown, and the next day Roden returned from New York in excellent spirits. On the fol lowing Tuesday he went into the kitchen and had a private conference with Aunt Tishy, which resulted in his leaving it with pockets considerably lightened and shoulders laden with the thanks and praise of its eldritch proprietress. He also confided in Virginia, and asked her assistance. He wished to give his bride-elect and her mother a little dinner-wouldn't Virginia help him? She was so very clever about such things. He Iknew if she would only help him, that everything would be perfectly satisfactory. She promised, and he went off on Bounibel to Windomere entirely content. Miss Erroll drove her mother over to Caryston iu a.village-cart, and, as luck would have it, a sudden shower caught them about a quarter of a mile from the house. Mary, however, had the brunt of the shower, as she was driving, and had at' once wrapped her mother in all available rugs and wraps. Mrs. Erroll stopped out upon the front porch at Caryston only a little damp as to the ruffle at her throat, and somewhat limp as to the plumes of her bonnet; but Mary's dress of white wool was soaked through and through, and her hat a sodden mass of white lace and straw. Roden relapsed at once into the agonies of alarm in which newly engaged men are apt to indulge when the health of their fianedes is called into question. He went again to Virginia, and overwhelmed her with instruction and entreaties. Miss Erroll was conducted to a bedroom bright with blue chintz and many wax candles, and Virginia, having provided her with some of her own clothes, went off to dry the soaked garments. That, however, Roden would not hear of. It was too far to Windemere to send back for dry gar moents. Then Virginia must lend Miss Erroll one of her dresses. Virginia had three dresses besides the one she wore. She brought them all in and laid them on the bed. Miss Mary, who had an artistis eye, chose a gown of garnet wool with plain round waist and short skirt. When she had turned it in a little at the throat, and fastened a bit of cambrio, which Virginia brought her, herchiefwise about her neck, she looked like a charming Cinderella who had resumed her humble attire to please her prince. Mary's throat, however, could not stand the severe test of lacoless exrposure. It nwas too slender anid long. Where Virginia's massive column of cream-hned flesh rose from the clasp of such a kerchief with in. finite suggestions of mythical forests and Amazoniiau warriors, Miss Erroll announced that she looked " scraggy." She took up the bit of black velvet with its buckle of Scotch pebbles which she had.worn about her throat when she arrived. But the wet stuff left dark stains on her fingers, and had assumed a cottony, lack-lustre hue. "' If only I had a bit of velvet 4o go about my throat !" she said, regretfully. " I 'can't go down this way-I'm so indecently thin I" She laughed a little and sat down as in despair. (To be continued.) ., 