THE AMERICAN DISASTER! Lecture by the Rev. G. D. Buchanan. Since news was received of the appalling disaster which ocourred a few days ago at Johnstown, America, the Rev. G. D. Buchanan has in several ways appealed to the Brisbane public on behalf of the nameless and friendless survivors ; and it was with a view to swelling the rolief fund already initiated that he deter- mined to deliver a lecture on the subject in tho Opera House last ovoning. If anything wore required to show that tho rov. gentleman had awakened public sympathy in this mattor it was to bo found in tho fact that thou Bonds of parsons nearly an hour beforo the oommoncement of the lecture thronged the street in front of the Opera House, and when tho doors were opened the building was quickly filled to overflowing. By half-past 0 o'olock tho building was crowded m overy part, tho stage inoludod, and hundreds of persons had to be content with standing-room, while a very groat num- ber had to be refused admission, the doors boing closed against thom. Never since tho Opera House has been oponed has thoro been so large an audience within its walls. On this occasion Mr. Buchanan's church in Wickham terraco was dosed, but it sooms that tho funds of that place of worship suffered no losa by this kindly aot on tho part of tho pastor and ohurch officeia. The collection at tho morning service amounted to £22 11b. Cd., a sum, about oqual to two oollootions on ordinary ocoasions. Punctually at 7 o'olook Mr. Buchanan took his Boat on the stago of tho Opera Homo, as did also tho Fisk Jubilee Singers, who opened tho proceedings by singing "Steal away to Joans," and ohanting the Lord's Prayer. Mr. Buchanan having offered prayer, the congregation at his request rose and sang "Rosouo the perishing." After tho 90th Psalm had boen read and prayer offered, the Fisk Jubilee Singers ronderod, " I'vo beon redeemed," which waa followed by the hymn, " Eternal Father strong to save." Mr. Buchanan, on commonoing his addross, said he had chosen two toxis as a prefix to hia looture in order to givo him as it wero a starting-point for tho description he had to plaoa before his hoaxers. Tho first was to bo found in tho Song of Solomon, at the eighth chapter and the sovonth vorso, and the seoond in the sixty-ninth Psalm. Those verses read together oxpressod a declaration, and at tho samo timo a prayor-"Many waters cannot quenoh lovo, neither can the floods drown it;" and "Let not tho flood overwhelm mo, noither lot the deep swallow me up." Tho rev. gentloman went on to say that world- startling evonts might ho rogarded as shadows passing: over the human race; but tho world movod on. The shadows oame and went, alternating with sunshino, and thoro seemed to bo a movement over tho faco of tho multitudo like shadows over the meadows on a summer day. Deep, dark shadows had passed over tho world many, many times, coming baok in various forms and making mon tremble from ono end of the earth to tho other. Thore had boen very black clouds in tho history of calamitios. Once in a oentury, perhaps, an impression was made whioh was made for all time. If they lookod baok thoy might notice two or throe auoh events for the purposes of comparison. What a blaak oloud was that which rose as it were from the contre of tho earth and enveloped the oity of Lisbon in 1755,' when Bomothing like 30,000 pooplo poriehod; and what a dreadful calamity that, whoa the earth heaved and oponed up great ohaams in Caracas in 1812, and swallowod up 12,000 people. In 1871, tho world was startled and shocked when tho great fire of Chicago made 99,000 persons homeless, but even in that terriblo catastrophe only 260 lives woro lost. Many other great calamities might ho: referred to, but these would give somo idoa of the ovoats of this character whioh had marked tho history of the world and whioh filled mon with awo. But if they were to considerably roduoe the numbor of those stated as having perished in tho Cone maugh Valley, still thoy had before thom ono of tho most appalling calamities in history. Tho hlaokost cloud that had evor fallon on this fair eaith foil on tho afternoon of Iriday week. Sweeping down that Conemaugh Valley, in ' whiohroaordhad said 55,OOOpooploroBÍdod,carne tho roaring torrent, and »'tor wards when the roll was oalloa only some 9000 persons responded. Property to tho value of íS,000,000 had also boon dostroyod. It was beyond human con- ception. Some of his doarest friends lived in that town, and among the most revered of them was tho minister thore-a man who had laid his hands upon Mb (the speaker's) own chil- dren, and baptised thom in the nama of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He longod to know whether that good man had esoapod tho remorseleBsflood. Tholast place in whioh ho(Mr. Buchanan) had publioly spoken in America was Johnstown. Ho would nevor forget thatovoning when friends accompanied bim to tho Btation after his looture on tho Aus- tralian colonies; how there seemed to be a great bond of sympathy between the people in the> Antipodes and those in the Noi thorn Hemisphere. Thoir thoughts were turned to those iu Australia, and when he spoke to them thoir sympathy was oentrod on this groat island. Should not the people of Australia send book to those who yet lived in Johnstown indications that they had as much sympathy in roturar1 Had suoh a calamity ooourrod in any of theso oolonios thousands of pounds would have boen sent to the assistance of tho sufferers. Ho saw boforo him an audience which ho might ostimato to consist of 2000 persons. Multiply that by twenty, and odd thieo more suoh housof ula to the sum-a rush of the mighty flood, and in half-an- hour all in eternity ! Beyond all human conception, most certainly, was this calamity. Ho askod them to visit in their imairinationB this valley of death. They might approach it from tho west, but ho preferred that they should follow the flood in ita onward oourso. Leaving Philadelphia and passing through Harrisburg and Altoona great prepara- tions were neodod to give the motive power to carry them over the great barrier. It was night when lost he passed ovor that railway line, but he had often done so in daylight. On that memorable night as they wero rounding the famous Horseshoe Curve, he heard tho puffing as it were of innumerable engines, and as ho looked out ho saw eight locomotives taking the train up tho steep grade. On the lino going up to Toowoomba tho train soomed to run round tho sides of the mountain, but the ravinos approaching Conomaugh Valley were deopor, and the mountains seemed higher. On reaohing the summit the train, together with the eight locomotives, entered a long tunnel, but on coming out again thoy discovered that seven of the engines nad left the train. The station of Galitzin was announced, and to this name he wished particularly to refer. Over 100 years ago thero was a nobleman in Russia named Prince de Galitzin, who hod an only son. That lad was consecrated to God, and he found his way to tho centre of this mountain in the Cambria county. He entered the county in 1789, just 100 years ago. Eté lived thore for thirty years serving the rudo pionoers who had settled there, and living for them when he might have boen revelling in luxuriös. Galitzin waa a Roman Catholic, but he (the speaker) gave all honour to aman who, whatever his religion, lived for tho glory of God and tho advance- ment of humanity. Mr. Buchanan then went on to describe the descent from Galitzin through Cresson Springs, tbo gorges, rapids, cliffs, to Conomaugh Valloy. He re- ferred to the fact that in Juno tho crops of wheat and Indian corn would be ready for harvesting, and to the beauties surrounding the homes of tho people at such a time. He Bpoke of the situation of Johnstown - being picturesque, and its population _ the most cosmopolitan ii America. Tho Cambria oity ironworks, where probably 10,000 . people were employed, was roforrod to, and the Pennsylvania Central Railway was spoken of as having carried more freight than the whole mercantile service of Great Britain. Mr. Buchanan then retraced his stops through the village of Conemaugh to South Fork. Looking down upon the placid lake one could not imagine that there was any harm in it. Johnstown many years ago was the head of canal navigation, and the reserroir was originally built to supply the water for the canal. They might therefore easily under- stand that the reservoir was old and weak; many serious warnings had been given to the people-indeed it was the theme of con veraation when he -was there as to what would f be thei consequences should it burst. Thelocturer tnondesonbod the watacapout-how clouds of inky blaoknoss, like the inarahalling of mighty hosts, carno together, swooped down, and kissed tho earth or touohed it with a crash. Speaking of tho warning $o people wero said to have had, he said it was merely a oon ieoture. Ho believed if the warning had been given by telegraph that the reservoir was | bursting, the peoplo would have had plenty of fame-bat thoy were probably too soaptioal- ' tor within ton minutes a good waUror could havo reached a plaoo of safety. Ho imagined that i had a mossonger runthrough the streets orying "The reservoir has burst," thoy would say, What is that luuatio yelling about.", bo Bceptioal waa humanity that ho would not wonder if tho majority of those who wero saved wero the few who took heed of the warning. Thoro was ! that wild doop ory of earnestness as tho first j crash came, and the reeling and tottering of ' houses, and the shrieks of tho multitudes of men, women, and ohildreu, who by the onward rush of the mighty waters.wora hurriod on to death. But that was not all. Onward wont tie watora; thoy flooded tho mines, the minors dying without understanding tho oause of their awful death. On wont the floating mass pt ddbria, to whioh manyhopolessly olung, until it was blocked at tho brldgo and fired. What a scono must it have boon on that Friday night BB tho fire burned and tho Hood ongulphed ! But worse than all, aftor tho waters bogan to subsido and tho bodioa of tho viotims carno to tho surfaoo, fiends in human form woro soon robbing thoBO rolios of humanity of the jewellory which in lifo had been so prizod. He was glad to know that these fiouds woro not Anglo-Saxons. (Applause.) Ho know that thoso listening to him could not holp but applaud ovon though it wero Sunday night. The souse of justice educated aud devolopod in tho human race was of suoh a oharaotor that many of those moa woro driven iuto tho floods, aud others woro hanged without trial. Wo should indeed feel thankful that tho laws of God and of tho land protected na from suoh lawless libertinism. Was it to be wondered at when thoBO who had survived after viewing tho mournful procession somo two miles long, or thinking of {hoir bereavements, should booome frantic with despair and bo driven to suioido P The I speaker referred to human carelessness and tlio many unheeded warnings whioh men oallod the pohitin# of tho fingor of Providence. But it waa not. Those mon woro violating tho laws of gravitation. Yoars and yoars ago thoy know this, but when thoy had violatod it to a certain point how remorseless was tho J onward rush ! Yet blosaiugs sometimes carno to humanity undor the disguiso of calamities. When tho message of tho great fire ai Ohioago < was carriod to Groat Britain thoro was a j olasping of hands that had novor boon known before. When the North and South had fought thoir bloody battles, thousands wero struok down in the South with tho yollow fovor, but bravo moatandlwomonfrom tho North went South and nursed the siok and buriod tho doad ; and this soouro-o did moro to unito tho Nor- thern and Southorn States than anything olse. And so it was with regard to his hoarora. Did thoy think that had it not boen for the dread- ful oalamity, thoy would have boon oonsidoring I tho caso of those in America P Such things did much to cement tho bonds of the univorsal brotherhood, whioh was gradually boing established. Tho news of this catastropho | had como under the waves, hut over the wavou should go their sympathy. There would bo a rooord of that meeting in ono of tho Pittsburg daily papors, and thonallia that land woidd boo that tho pooplo of Queensland had risen nobly to j extend brotherly sympathy to brothors who weore suffering. Reverting to the establish- ment of a universal brotherhood, Mr. Buchanan said that tho cables whioh hod boon laid down for commoroial purposes had dono much towards attaining this end, and quoted Whit tior's cabio hymn : Thiob on strong pulso of thundor, Boat from answoriug bondi to beach, Puso nations in thy kindly heat, Aud molt tho chaina of each. Por lo ! tho fall of ocoan's wall Spaco mookod and timo outrun, 'Till round tho world the thought of nil Is as tho thought of one. In ooiioluaion, tho roy. gentleman prayed that the sympathy of all Australians would bo oxtendod to those who survived this oalamity and yet suifored from it. A oolloction was thon taken up, and during its progress Mr. Buchanan spoke highly of the manner in which the public in Brisbane had como forward on this cooasion. Ho announcod that tho Fisk Jubileo Singera would givo a benofit concert this ovoning, and that ho had roooivod a lottor of- sympathy from tho American Consular agent in Brisbano (Mr. Goo. Harris), who had onolosod a ohequo for £10. Ho also exprossod his willingness, should tho publio | request it, to again deliver his looturo tor tho benofit of thoso who had hoon unable to gain admittance. After tho oolloction, which resulted in a sum of £105, had been taken up, tho ,hymn " Jesu, lover of my soul" wa« sung by the oongroga tion, and " Swing low sweet chariot" by the Fisk Jubileo Singers. The bencdiotion brought tho proceedings to a oloao. It may be mentioned that the Opora House was placed at the disposal of Mr. Buchanan froa of oharge by Mosers. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove ; and tho organ by Mr. H. J. Pollard, while Mesara. R. S. Hows and Co. undertook the printing of the programmes gratis. 