JOHN VALE'S GUARDIAN. By David Chbistie Mubbay. Author of " Val Strange," " Joaepha Coat, " Rainbow Gold," &o.; CHAPTER XXXVI. "You do your business pretty Btnart, . gaffer," said Isaiah, meeting Snelling a day or two after the encounter between them last reaorded. "Yon don't let the grass grow under yonr feet, yon don't." "No," returned Snelling with a self satisfied drawl and smile. " When I know what I want, I pretty generally take it, I > told yon, yon and me would hare a laugh." " Let's nave it now," said Isaiah, with im movable solidity of countenance. " Deadly funny, ain't it 1 "I olosed my bargain," Snelling said," the very day yon epoke to me." " Closed it ?" Isaiah echoed. " Yes, and ' opened it too. I've been there, gaffer. It'a no nee drawing the wool over my eyes. I reckon yon've got yonr knife into Mr, Jous seran." " If Mr. Jonsseran wants the plaoe," eaid Snellingoooly, "he can have it by paying for it. I shall want to make a bit ont of my bargain. If he don't want It, I oan find a use for it. The oonntry-side'e opening up, and I oan let the new honse direotly It's finished. I've been to Tallymount and looked over it, and I can make eight or nine rooms habitable for fifty pounds, I oan go ■ and live there, if eo be your friend aitrt willing to pay my prioe." In effeot, it proved—Isaiah being entrusted with the negotiations—that Jonsseran was by no meanB willing to pay the inoreased prioe Snelling set npon the property. He had been attracted by the picturesque look of the rnined honse and the wild luxurianoe of the neglected garden, and almoBt as mnoh as by these, by the extreme oheapness of the place. He laughed a little to think that in etriving to do him an ill tnrn, hie overreaohing rival \- had pinched his own fingers, and eo dismiesed the whole matter from hie thoughts. Snelling, finding the plaoe thns left npon hie hands, eet to work to make its remaining chambers habitable; and when the glaziers and masons bad done with it, he furnished half-a-dozen rooms, and taking yonng John from Isaiah's tntleage, established himself in his new home. The main road from Heydon Hey to Castle-Barfield ran by the rnety gates of iron scrollwork which afforded the only visible indication of the residence to the wayfarer. The bouse itself stood far retired at the limit of its own grounds. There were legends respecting it whioh might have \- deterred a nervous or imaginative man from making a home within the remnant of its shattered wails. The last Tanant who had lived there was currently reported to have led a life of unexampled wiokednees, and had been killed in his own bed by lightning fifty years ago. The honse had taken fire and had bnroed itself ont. For half a oentnry no effort had been made to rebuild or repair it; and the ghost of the wioked Squire, naturally and properly, was supposed to hannt the scene of his dreadful death and no Ibbs dread lul lite. The whole demesne was enrrcnnded by a lofty wall of the local stone, a ooarae and splintery granite, whose harsh ontlines the years had softened with mosses, grasses, wild flowers, and trailing plants, nntil its original barren ugliness was altogether lost and hidden under the Insurant touch of nature. Overlooking this wall on the western aide then stood the fire-scarred relics of a turret, with one obamber intaot, and above the tone of pioturesqoe masonry, whioh seemed to hang together by amiraole. At the bottom of the torret was an arch of solid briokwork, wbloh bad formed the main entrance to the iear of the Hall, and stfli as bravely propped up its burden as on the day when its coping stone was laid, A flight of stone stairs ran with a broad sweeping curve to the one tenantabie room whioh this old aroh sup ported. Ita lower eteps were tangled with blackberry vines; ana wherever Nature's minutest finger oonld plant a seed in a crack, floarisbed some wild flower or grass-knot, . until the solid slabB were forced by the soft insiduous pressure of sprouting aeed and BirolllDff root from their original Hoes* • -ferret,7^ ihsupporting aroh, stood foil thirty yards away from that remnant of the Hall In whioh Snelling bad aet up his new abldlng-plaos, and in the Interval between the two, where the main part of the building had onoe reared its splendid balk, dogrose, bramble, and thistle and poppy, fox glove, fern, and quaker-grasses, climbed or olnng abont the low walls of the rain. From the first yonng John took a boyish fanoy to the torret chamber, and there Will Gregg and he, as beoame two adventnrons youthful spirits, enjoyed the long-drawn pleasures of many days, starvation upon j rafts at sea, sustained protracted sieges from Invisible foes, took the soalpes of imaginary j Indians by the bnBhel, and alternated the ' parts of Crusoe and Friday on a desert island ! of their own fanoy'a making. When the midsummer holidays came ronnd ia their season, the two boys almost lived there; and Snelling, in some hope the place might prove to be dangerous and come tnmbllag one of these fine days about their ears, left them in undisturbed enjoyment of it, The man in these days seemed living on s whirlpool. His own thoughts bore him ronnd and round one dreadful centre, and his mind fixed itself always on the gulf that opened there, with a orazy longing to be hurled into it. Hit own projeota were foiled on every hand: and he had upon him a oonstant sense of injury, whioh exasperated him madly. Everywhere his ward was responsible for his ill fortune; and the boy seemed to prosper in direot inverse ratio with his own hungry evil wishes for him. Proctor brought the moBt favourable intelligence abont the discovered wealth on John's estate. Unthinking friendly neighbours congratulated him upon the find, solidly and heartily, meaning him no evil, Suspicions neighbours congratulated him with an under-meaning in face and voice, and he was prone to read that under-moaning everywhere. Avarloe, hate, revenge, swelled and seethed abont the heel of that devil's craft he had embarked on, and though to his I own eye he seemed no nearer to ita centre, every cirale brought him nearer to it. His soul plumbed Its depths at last, and he had no fear of them. From the zenith to the I horizon of tbe firmament under which his dark eonl rode towards itB dreadful aim, there shone no star, whether of pity or fore boding. Every man is two men at the least, and sometimes in ub the better creature stands aghaBt at the inoredible promptings of the baser. In him the two had made insensible approaches, and as it were without his knowledge, and now at last they were of one accord. , It was by no aot of his that John had chosen the lamp whioh might have pat an end to hia life by its explosion at a fitting time. It was by no act of his, again, that the I boy had made his playroom of a ohamber which a thoughtful man would have looked at twioe before he ventured to enter it. These were things for whioh he had no I responsibility; bnt might he help Providenoe ever eo little, and by doing eo make hlmeelf j rich beyond ojd dreams, and pnt that hated objeot out of eight without incurring bo mnoh as a breath of oenenre or suspicion ? The honse had been built two hundred years ago, in the days when tbe work of mens hands was meant to last. The mortar | seemed to have grown to be an actual part of the briokwork and masonry it held together; bnt the ohamber John had ohosen overhung itB supporting aroh a little, and seemed to be held in its place by a mere cohesion of puts and half in defianoe of gravitation. The two boys romped and rashed abont there and never shook it; and Snelling watching their gambadoes sometimes from a distanoe, oursed the old builder's too honest workmanship, Could he help Providenoe a little? Ever so little ? A mere line of bricks taken oat from the interior of the aroh, for example ? Taken oat one by one In the night-time, and j replaced, until some night the whole thick nesa of the aroh, one briok deep, should be eaaily swept away, and the ohamber, with its superincumbent tons, should only wait the pressure of a foot to hnrl It down ? Sorely, Fate tempted liim. He knew, in his own dnll nninventive mind, that if he had set all his wits to plot a scheme, he oonld have dis covered or invented nothing so simple, so safe, sosnrs. Fate, fortune, luok, whatever name heohose to give it, had pat this power within his hands. He went to bed with tbe thonght olear in his mind. The whole house lay asleep while be tossed and tumbled with that hideous ] fanoy for bis sole companion. Tbe house had been furnished hastily, and the bUnd of his bedroom window fell some six inohes short of the sash, eo that on moonlit nights a gsp of ligbtw&a; there, breaking the grey dimness of the window's oblong. He lay and stared at it, and if In his uneasy plunges, as some blunt spnr of oonsoience pricked ntm, he turned his back upon it for a moment, an instant fear took hold of him, and made him look onoe more in that direction. Apointed. glittering, ghostly something reared itself like a crooked forefinger over the edge of ths window-sash, Uke the peak of a gnoBt'a head-dress, with phosphorio fires npon it; like an inexorable forefinger that moved one way wlthont re morse or panse; like the point of a sword wielded by some righteous spirit coneoious of his purpose, and threatening from afar to shear his son! in twain. No duller man, no man less fanoiful, no man less oonsoiuns of the hell and heaven he curled in his bosom, laid hia head npon pillow within twenty miles j that night, and yet eaoh and all of these strange fancies crossed his mind. He knew the while that the glittering point was no more than the horns of the orescent moon traversing the little apace of exposed sky before him. He wonld have it for a forefinger that beokoned—he would have it eo. It should mean that, and neither less nor more. It beokoned towards the rains. He chose that it should be inexorable, and having ohosen so, he needs mnst follow it. Snoh trioks oan fanoy play the dullest embodiment of hate and avarice when the thoughts rise to murder. He rose, and moved about his own chamber noiselessly, like a midnight thief. He dressed himself roughly, and oarryiug his boots in hand, stole down the etairs. There he listened, with tbe darkness vast about him, and a whole blank blaok universe leaping at every heart beat with murder at his ears. Hie own purpose appalled him, but that wob nothing. Some insistent inward voioe seemed to whliper that the thing was as good as done already. 8ome foolish per verted proverb of his youth was in his mind —" As well do it as think it"—a sorap of wtadom wrenohed to folly's uses. He found matohes, a lantern, and a stomp of oandle. The harsh look and harsher bolt shrieked warning as be opened the door with a laborious caution. He pulled his boots on outside, and trod with a thievish step upon the grass, not daring to let the loose and scattered gravel of the pathway prate of his whereabouts. Half way he paused and turned, remembering that hie _ bare hands were useless against the solid masonry. There was a leanto shed whioh held garden tools built out from the house. Mid here he fonnd the broken prong of a pitchfork, as likely a thing to snit his purpose as he oould have expeoted. The door of the toolhouse hung upon a single hinge, and grated on the ground as he rsolosed it. He trembled at the noise, and stood sweating and shaking for a full minute, when he bethought him to have every right to be abroad, and that the exouse of any fanoied noise about the grounds would easily explain his presence there. Even now he was resolute and collected enough to know, however, that the work of more than one night lay before him, and that his being observed onoe only might oast suspicion on him. No suroease of caution then. Step lightly. Listen with throbbing ears that deteot a tracking footstep in the eoho of your own. Find your own harsh breathing sud denly oast afar and changed to the breathing of an unseen watcher. Dread every rustle of the alnmSering night. He was underneath the aroh, and safer, half sheltered from the bright night. The thing was not yet done, and for one moment he hung upon (the edge of his abyss. _ It was altogether vain and foolish to question now whether he ehonld plnnge over or go back again, and yet he did it. A man in the maelstrom might as well have questioned —Shall I sink? Shall I swim? The steep looked dizzy, and whilst he hang above it, he was down. He ohose his place and began to work. • The first brick came out more easily than he had fancied possible. The mortar had | crumbled somewhat with two hundred years of ohangefol weather. The next bit hard. His forehead was damp, and his unac ocBtomed plump hands were hot with labour before he nad detaohed it from its plaoe, The third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, sua oeeded. Then the whole vast ohapter of life's accidents seemed opened. He saw himself mined for a thousand reasons, sought for, called. Enough for one night. He set the brioke baok in their places, painfully picked up the larger fragments of mortar, dropped them in a corner orevice of the ground, and notioed with a disproportioned terror that the turf npon whioh he had .stood looked trampled. He bent and brnehed it with his fingers, and then stole back again. Hia fears Btnng him at every pore, but he reached hie room in safety; and crawling noiselessly into bed again, fell to horrible dreams, in which the ruins tumbled upon him as he worked, crushing him with terrorand with torture, and yet without effeot on life or limb. O ver and over and over again he broke the arch, and over and over end over again the rains tumbled and overwhelmed him. Vaguely, in hie dreamB, he thought the way to peaoeand riches hard. If the mingling of the foroes of human natnre were leas grotesque and extravagant than it really is, the intrusion of the sordid comedy of Tobias Orme into the Bordid tragedy of Bobert SneUing might _ seem altogether wild. But Tobias served his pur pose here, and might, for all one can tell to the contrary, have been born for no other end. The sovereign which Isaiah had bestowed npon that disreputable old person had not long staved off the attaoke of thirst and hanger. Ho had fallen desperately ill by the wayside, had been found helpless and almost insensible with oold and privation, and oarried to the workhouse infirmary. There the vital spark bade fair to quit its j tenement; bnt after two or three months of flickering, now np, now down, grew feebly steady onoe more. The workhouse autho rities, of oourse, were in favonr of shipping him off to his own parish, and bnt for the doctor's energetlo protest that he could not I possibly survive the journey, would, at a dozen of their weekly meetings, have voted for his transport. The knowlege of his narrow esoape from death frightened Tobias terribly and set him thinking. Bnm-and-water had bronght him to that dreadful pass, and the frightened wretoh made tearful profession of his fanlt to j the ohaplaic, and signed a pledge of total abstinence with eager trembling fingers. The ohaplain became interested in him ; end discovering him to be a person of eome education, and now that he was no longer bemused with drink, of eome intelligence, wonld sometimes sit and listen to Mr. Orme's reminifoenoes, whioh were not always perhaps bo trnthfnl as they might have been, Tobias had read a good deal of imaginative fiotion in his day, and it was as easy to say that his father had been a dissenting clergy man as it wouid have been to describe him as a small greengrooer and retail ooal-vendor In WhiteohapeL Perhaps it oame as easy to Tobias to lie as to tell the truth. Perhaps no faoulty oan be onltivated to exoeBB without danger to its opposite. A vooalist oan eleot to onltivate his voioe npwardBordownwardB, bnt when onoe he has fixed his register he will find it bard to change it. It was not in the least likely that the slowly oonvaietcing invalid should omit from the confidences with whioh he furnished the chaplain the one faot in his career whioh made him important in hia own eyes. " Humble as I am, eir," eaid Tobias often times in speaking of the newly opened coal fields, " I am the Colnmbns of that America. I think I may fairly eay, sir, that my present I oonditlon is a monument of human ingrati tude. Thousands npon thousands of ponnds are being drawn every week from the bowels of the earth, and not one penny wonld ever have been touched if it had not been—I say it respectfully, sir, but whether I eay it my self or whether I leave it for other people to ■ay makes no difference, eir, to its veracity— not an atom of the money which has made poor men rioh and rich men richer, would ever have gone into a human pocket if it had not been for my perspioaoity and intelli gence." This rather appealed to the chaplain; and the good man made enquiries of Isaiah Winter, who oonfirmed the story willingly enongh, but shocked his questioner by an open avowal of his opinion with regard to Mr. Orme's character at Urge. The chaplain nrged that it was hardly fitting that the man ehonld starve whilst other people profited so enormously by his disoovery. " I'll talk It over with my partner," eald Isaiah, "and we'll eee what we oan do." As a result of the ohaplain's intercession, Tobias oame oat of the workhouse infirmary j to the reoeipt of a weekly inoome of eighteen shillings, provided in equal portions by Messieurs Day and Winter. The spring was well advanced at the time of hie discharge, , and though he was still very feeble, and went quavering about on 5 pair of walklngstlcki, tne genial weather and movement in the open air soon set him np again. Wonderful to relate he etnok to hie promise of reform. The dread of death in a ditoh became a mono mania with him, and he grew miserly in hie ways, depriving himself of all manner of creature comfort*, that he might eave np something for the remnant of his days. Being now a gentleman at large, and having reached that blissful lubbeiland of dolce far niente towards whioh he had all his life long looked with yearning bat hopeless eyes, it seemed to him the most natural and befitting thing in the world to settle near the scene of his discovery and to pose there as a person age. The pnbllo-honse was the readiest place to pose in. Dot his mind ram away from the the thought of its temptations as a whipped dog tans from a shaken stick. He took cheap lodgings In a labourer's cottage, and hoarded np a whole half of his weekly in come. A few months ago he wonld have spent his laet threepence on ram without so much as troubling to aek where the next might oome from. Now, with that suddenly developed eye for the fntnre, he began to exerolie a thousand mean preoautions. The summer was barely beginning, bat beyond the Bummer. winter lay, and he looked with dreadlal prophetic eye towards the time of rain and snow and cold. "I onght to be supplied with ooal for nothing," said Tobias;11 bat I am too well acquainted with the heartless ingratitude of men for that. I shall he expected to disburse a pecuniary consideration for It." He began betimes, therefore, and was at all hours to be seen prowling about the roads on whioh the coal-wagons travelled. He carried with him a tattered old carpet-bag, and stooped for any fragment of ooal whioh had fallen, if it were no bigger than a hazel nnt. Rotten branohes, bits of stick of any sort, found their way into this reoeptaole, and at night ha would sometimes empty oat half-a dosen pounds' weight. From the time of the beginning of this habit nobody ever saw Tobias withont the carpet-bag, whioh he lagged about with, an unflagging industry. One fine day he found himself by a breach In the hedge beside a great moBSgrown wall, and seeing a biggish handful of half-rotted hedge-stakes, dry and ripe for burning, within reaoh, he took a cautious look about him, and scrambled throngh the breaoh. The land sank here, and was thiok with brash and bramble': and lying there, hidden for who knows how many years, were the remains of an old gate, which had fallen almost to matchwood. Tobias went for this prize exultantly, and filled his bag with frag ments. He was in the very act of rising from his knees when a sudden vista opened ap before him. A etone had been removed from the wall, and throngh the hole thus made he conld see into the grounds beyond it. He peered with interest, and could see an arah way with a heap oi piotnresque ruins over it. This was not in itself a fascinating speotaole, and he had already satisfied a feeble momentary curiosity, when Snelling came in sight, with an aspect so stealthy and a face so pale that Tobias knelt and stared as if rooted to the spot. The horrors of the night had been too much for the intending criminal, and he had no oonrage to face them anew. But now, with the housekeeper being away for her market ing, and John by speoial leave picnicking with Will Gregg and divers others of his com panions in the Inarley Woods, he had full three honrs dear. He had determined to finish.his deadly work that day; but lonely as he knew himself, he was in a fury of fear lest he should be discovered at it. At every atep he looked to right and left with a guilty horror whioh filled Tobias with wonder; and there was a something so stealthy and yet so threatening in his whole motion and aspect that the amazed watoher conld make neither head nor tail of his own surmises. The first thing Snelling did was to enter the arohway, and there, drawing a newspaper from his pocket, he unfolded it and spread it like a oarpet on the grass, pushing it closely againBt the wall and folding its edge upward there. When he had done this, he oame out, stepping on tiptoe, with face and gesture so marked with guilty fear that a child oould not have misread him. He looked hither and thither, and listened with bent head. Next, he drew a small pointed implement from hie pooket, and, returning to the aToh, began to pry at the wall. He had not worked a minute, when some fancied noise arrested him, and he oame stealing out on tiptoe. What in the name of wonder eonld it mean ? Like a ray of light the thought oame—Buried treasure 1 " I will have a finger in that pic," . said Tobias. 