two br6thers. Bv HELEN MATHERS. ... 0f "ContN1 Tnno' lwc Rye," ''Cheery rn%" a mi," rill, rights reserved. Round tie corner of a miserable alley oamo a ..... boy so bowed down by the immense Lot of wood be carried 011 bis back that only .dot were visible as ha advanced. \evcrtbeless, ho could see, for when I10 oamo ' certnin winitow ho stopped, and kneeling ... n... flii'.s. shifted ids burdon backwards. ,L kissed both hands to a little figurq Boated time to the window pane, that jumped up and down for joy and gavo back his kisses with energetic delight. The great faggot rose trombhngly from tho d,tho bright face beneath it disappeared La fcho wiadow, the cap full of golden curls teased to nod, hut. sank lower, and grew quito ,till when the alley was empty of the boy and burden. For a long while tho crazy old high chair hold a .hapc that did not stir, and soomed hardly to breathe, whilo tho baby hands, in which dimples jjiH liogorcd, olasped a battorod toy listlessly; bat if yon had drawn near you would have Been Hat neither hunger nor loneliness touched him tow, for that God's one good gift to the poor had 'been vouchsafed even unto hiin, and ho j I. i was a cherub's face — a ehorub who ld not been cold and starvod long enough loioso tho rounded curvos, the velvet softnesses 0f babyhood, bat tho triumphantly arched south that is the distinguishing feature of a ray yonng child was absent, and toars lay on " — \izhna nn li'toored on tho fnir round- less of the clieoks below. But I10 was happy and needed no mau's pity. The squalid room hold him no more, and his heart 110 longer ached for |be brother who was nearly always away earn ing bread and milk for him, and if dreams camo to him be sure they brought to him that "Muvcr " into whoso warm arms he had longod : io creep, when Daddy was not by to hug him. leave him to his'content, and glanco round tho com that ia tho only ono showing signs ot human occupation in this alley, tho two sides of which consist of backs of warehouses, and through which no traffic ovor passes. This very I jnom was once a earpentor's shop; the upper MIt is untenanted and out of repair, and you i might search the world through boforo you oouhl : find as safe a hiding place as here, in so remote i apart of the groat city that it almost borders ; upon country. ... On » pallet in ono corner lay a woman's shawl and bonnet, and tho bare adjuncts of a woman's : '"o'n the other side of tho flrclcss grato was tho ; bed on which the two hoys slept ; and a riokoty 1 two broken chairs, and some common : mmhig utensils— now alas ! unusod for days— ' compkted the furniture of tho place. A pair of tiny boots, and a white ovorooat and 1st hinging on tho wall, pointed to the fact that Ihe littto boy in tho window was not ltopt at home by lack of clothes ; and often lio would : look wistfully at them, for he felt quite sure ho was big enough to take euro of himself, and ho 1 wanted to go out and soe if ho oouldn't find ; "Muver." If the eyes of a raro passer-by were attraotod by the enrly golden head in tho window, ono lonely child the more or the Iosb in tho groat city counted for nothing, and there was no liiing soul to notice wliother the woman who hi brought tho childron thorc returned eaeli night, or left them, locked up and starving, to await her good pleasure, as alio waB doing now ; for one morning she hail gone out as usual, and rcmehow forgotten to come back, ti'aihlio had given up listening now for tho iuming of a key ill tho look ; and a rap on the rate pnno from Daddy's slendor hand was tie only musie lie ovor heard. It sounded ilirply through his dreams, and ho wolco on : lis instant, rubbing his sleepy eyes, i "Me is so hungedy," ho said, tho satisfying 1 rail of sloop being broken ; but a sob was i taicked by his brothers voico crying out, i "Open tho window, Waddle, got such boo'ful dinner!" The little fellow pushed at the window, which opened, casement fashion, in the middle, and it ; fiew apart, showing Daddy's head just lovel with i tie till, and holding up a bag in ono hand and a : tin pannikin in the other, at sight of which I Waddie screamed for joy. 1 " Take the. bag first, Waddio," cried tho elder ,! hoy, "and now the milk— don't you spill it, and don't get oil the cliuir " — and when his hands 1 were empty he swung himself up by the oili into lie room nnd shut the window after him. "0, Daddy!" said Waddio, with a gurgling clnckle, and waving tho bag, to tho imminent danger oi tho milk, which wagged sympatheti cally, " mo do b'liovc it's Barf bun ! " " Yes, eaid Daddy, with pride, "nice bread yesterday, Waddie, Hath bun to-day 1" "And 0 drink oi milk I" oried Waddio, laugh ing with delight as bo scrambled off his ohair ; ind followed Daddy to tho table, besido which lie elder boy sat down, tho younger olamboring into his lap, and nearly throttling him in a soft embrace. It was, however, brief, and he neodod no invi tation to foil to, helping himself with great pro ton to food and drink alternately, whilo Daddy kept an arm round tho little satin neck, and was happy. "Ave a bit of my bun," said Waddie, when lis hanger was somewhat appeased, and he paired his brother's oheek with sticky fingers, i to drew down his face to reals on his golden : curls "Ko," said Daddy, putting the tempting . morsel from his pale lips, " I had such a dinner down at the yard." , "Wis mo was a big boy to carry tings like w/tsld Waddio, sighing — "looks as if oo'd got n tone on 00' back ! Does 'em 'hurt '00, Dadsie!" "Ob, no !" said Daddy. " I'm very strong, yon know. I'm 3 next birthday — nearly three Irna as old as you, Waddie." "Wis' me lmd a birfday," said Waddie, who W eaten his last crumb and drunk his last drop, 'lie got a rocking horse last time, and . Merer— oh, Daddy i doos '00 think Muver'll . come and fetch us soon ?" : Daddy shook his head ; then, as tho little , tgnre drooped, ho put his hand in his pookot md drew out somothing that ho hold bohind his Guess what I'vo got horo ?" ho said, with a rank that seemed to danco all its lost youth »cs into his face, so that when Waddio turned . V, lo happy faces, laughing with umples, gazed wide-eyed at one another. iiccehci/" cried Waddie, with a shout of jnniuph; aud_ sweetios it was, and Daddy ergot bis aching baok and his hunger, as lie popped one, two and thrco into Waddio's Boall, 1 a"tn'' cat 'em all, Waddio," said tho pale i»E't L to-nicilt and half to-morrow morn- (i a caten one ob a time while I am Waddie's face fell, Hii intentions were always honorable, but v y his memory was decidedly short, dbewas prone to going on tho " bust " when it 1 0,!n devices with a paper of somo- good ouliis lap, Mil eeffi.E?'d Daddy, counting them out, ' li .1 v ?lf away aml w»th Waddie in : ) nlkod to the mantelpiece. On the 1 ? , paper above were some chalk t« it, ' UP 11 'rit of chalk and added one " si'm' counted them aloud — seven. f«n.K-Si , n dom a lonK time," said Waddie, S- I 1 , ej'03 on the obalk marks ; " does "nit »cve.r tmnniing back?1' k«,i,u -y?'i.said Daddy, nodding, though his wk- m'i ii, \,r"'S!,os0 s'10'8 tryme to get ai ar'.rt addie '11 have a fire again, head ' a n<!W toy- and amo butter with his ' Ba,lE ,bu,ns bast'" 5aid Waddio, nod- no',, . 8 a oro33 'oomnn— don't like ' lie "i sbo told 'tories, Dadsie — i HVvr. j 'j "B '. ®iuvor and Father at all. i a!" 1 ' Ge' 'n' the puff -puff, eh, Dad- Kltk'L8!1-11, Daddy, gravely, "I'm afraid ' M:ht- to f Dut it was my fault. I 'ii'lbeat ! ?> ? ?. care of you. And she : dun-" ! f T s'uvred and hold tho child : khUi.! I f Mave «8 food and a fire. I mliat" come buok> but P'r'aps she ' ,!ei)0<'y's runnded away with Vfe'lWaddie, witli round eyes. tKo.'ll if3 , biS' Dot people die some- come"" rry' yoa know — 80 that she ' Kte teif" Cr 'J we,!y. well when she didn't ' irolle-1. J 1 a(i'iie, nestling closer in his tnnzsiv fa-mSi w? wen. welly cold and welly tlat » ' a nS time — years on years — ;VdyLmfil'„nna a day anJ a half'" ' WOni aW"y r'liie 'end a'1' Daddy, "it did seem a long igal'to leava Was s? u0''i then — but I was ob- t5tta look for Ck"nU' Vaddie wbou 1 went "Free Vhnu7 0'ever," said Waddie, judicially, think I conli p?1,ue3 every day ; doesn't '00 tl help >00 ,!, P10'1- UP the little bits of wood every day, Waddie," said the oouelthem be-pl,a,cea,him on the bed, tffieu ,ab somethin" lf l'e obllly> spring dusk, and a1 641 e#8erlf -? a 9«pboard that be began brother. bls hoeh turned to his there?" said Waddio's i 3UfuU uJ?'Uld y0U Uke ,ome ""h thankfully 'S'" wjndowmnuohing his dry ?®e and eon/'n „ ifr ff. day of desertion hnd ' ?PJ ; there w»rl! , .10 bad been fed, was , f" !"n had sJr?,nr.aV ? e aKw 9r tbp morning, and i EsP,t it and tho nk-n oom a" day, and i fake ea warm. I5 !i'm when eha " tb<5 mother had said btllt foreign nlLe it tf 4Vi?y , w kr h"«band , lUACQ with tho lo&£ QftQiOy tho llttlo brothers aafo, as ihe nuppoaed, In thoir own hornc, junl with old nu<l dovotoil nervoiits to gunru thern. Only two HervnntH' gossip pro- lougod on a bright day, only a little strollof two children beyond the grounds und through the coppice scftrching for nriinroses, where they inot ft htrnngo woman, who gave them sweets nnd laughed and played with them, insensibly load ing the littlo feet farther and farther from homo, till the railway station was reached. Only it hasty protest from Daddy when tho womau opened a door ot tho train that was waiting and luted in Wnddio, who shouted with joy as tho puff puff" began to move, and called to Daddy to iwvlce haste, or he would bo left behind. Daddy was alarmed and afraid, but Waddio was in hie charge, ao ho cume too. St hud, been a long ride, and Waddio had cried to go home long before they reached the great ugly city, where they were put into a cab, and seemed to dtivo on and on for ever. Waddie had cried himself asleep, and to all Daddy's questions tho woman was deaf as tho adder, and deaf she had remained sinco she dismissed the coach at the corner of the lonely alley, nnd brought them to this room, across whose threshold they hnd never since stepped. She gave them the food that was in the place, and when they hnd fnllon usloep !u each other's anus she drow near and looked down on them with black eyes that had neithor triumph nor cruelty in them. They showed simply a hard satisfaction, as if she had meant to do a thing and had done it, and tho innoconco and boauty of, the children moved her not one jot. She had never liked children, and thanked God sho had none, but the stern sense of justice that had made her steal them effectually hin dered her treating them with cruelty. Sho neithor starved nor beat them ; she gavo them bread and butter, rnilk to drink and a fire to warm themselves by ; sho even .brought home some rude toys one night, and paper and pencils with which Daddy might draw. The rest of tho wage she earned, and it was a good oue, at a wholesale city house, she divided thus : One-fourth she spent in tood, the rest in drink — drinking hard and steadily affcor sho camo homo lafco at night from her work. Sho d,M,nk nnT.n resolve that distinguished her every notion, au3 it in no way seuqied to disturb tho methodical, even tenor of her life. ISvery morning she rose in good tinio, cleaned and put in order tho miserable room, cooked her own breakfast and gavo tho children theirs, then fotched the bread and milk, and left tho boys their rations for the middle of tho day and the evening moal. How monotonous the food seemed, tiLi the day came when they cried aloud to Hoaven for a morsel of broad to stay their hunger, and thero was no reply. When she went out sho locked the door behind her, and locked it had been now for tho seven days Daddy had marked up with chalk. On the morning when tho boys woko to see an empty bod opposite them, they had gone break- fastless, and all that day they watched tbo door oagorly, but when nightfall came they ware only hungrior and colder still, anil Daddy felt his heart breaking, as, after hours of sobs and cries of hunger, \Vtuldio fell into a sleep that almost resembled death. 'All that night the boy sat, cold and sleep less, besido his baby brother, thinking — thinking of what ho should do. At last light came to him. Thoir daily milk and bread had not failed them until now, but how haditcomo? By work — she had worked, and so fed tliem, and why should not he? He, too, would work for and feed AVaddic, and then ho would feel as if ho woro fulfilling his promiso to " Uluthcr." Ho didn't kpow how, but he meant to try, and quite early in the morniug, when the cold spring sunshino was beginning to glint in on Waddio's curls, and the little fist was half stuffed into his mouth, ho softly kissed tho ohild, and unfastening tho window, opeuod it and dropped to the ground. Once below, a thought struck him ; he drow tho window close, then hunted about till ho found a bit of wood, with which he wedged tho woodwork firmly together, so that it would need a bold push from Waddio's hand to push it open. But, alone in tho oold silout alley, his courage almost forsook him, and the pure pallid sky above, tho fresh keenness of tho morning air, brought him uo holp as he walked 011 mechani cally in search of " work." Out of all tho vast, toiling population around, not one seemed to bo stirring yot. Ho had tho great city all to him self as he went slowly along, fixing each street and turning laboriously in his mind, that ho might know his way baok to Waddie. He camo presently to a rude timber-yard that formed a sort of square inside tho groat ware houses around, and to which there was ad mittance Ijy an iron gate, and tho boy stopped and looked in. The enelosuro was strewn with every variety and sizo of wood and plank, with a sawing pit in one corner ; but the whole place, speaking so plainly of busy occupation, was now deserted, and Daddy, faint with hunger and tho sharp air, pushed tho gate open, sat down on ono of the blocks of wood, and for awnilo forgot his troubles in a stupefied sleep. It may have lasted hours or minutes, but ho was wakened by a push, decided but not rough, and I10 woko with a start, to see k big man standing ovor him, and to hear on all sides tho ohccrf uT olninor aud ringing sounds of axe and saw at work among the wood. "What do you do here?" said the man gruffly j "do you know you're trespassing ?" Ho was a hard man, and ho 'hated children, hocaufio ho had passionately desired one all his lifo, but God had denied him. " I want work," said Daddy, looking straight up into tho mau's face. "Ho! ho!" laughed the man grimly ; "and pray what can you do !" Daddy glanced quickly around. Men wore sawing, meu were swinging great axes abovo their heads, bringing them dowu with a split ting sound on some fallen monarch of the woods, and in one part of the yard boys of from 10 to 18 woro binding togethor splinters and logs of wood, making them into large bundles, that they presently hoisted on their heads and struggled away with throkgh the gate. " I can carry wood," said Daddy, boldly. The man looked at the boy's clothes, at hi3 hands, at his pinched faoo, and read its story. "Ho is playing truant," bethought, "but I can keep him out of mischief here, and he ia starving," Aloud he said, " I will give you threepence a day for carry ing twelvo oundles of wood ; the boys will show you where to take them. When you have carried six come to me ; I will pay you half your wago, and you can go to dinner. Then that man, soured dullard as he was, got an experience tlint astonished him, for, with a sob of joy, Daddy seized his coarse hand, kissed it passionately, then broko away to his work. "Ho must havo run away from homo, and desires to rough it for a hit," he thought, as he turned away with an odd mist passing before his eyes. Daddy was awkward at first, and the other boys, resenting his clothes, were spiteful, and hindered him in every possible way, hustling him and scattering tho pieces of wood as fast as his unaccustomed fingers fastened them to- gother. And the thought of Waddio crying alone and deserted in the miserable room almost took his feeble strength from him, so that it was long before ho got his first bundle on his baok and followed some of tho others to his destination — a kind of market-place whore the poorer people around bought thoir fuel. To his iov I10 found that the nlaco was cln<to to tho alley whore he lived and coming back, ho slipped from tho others, ran to tho window, and peeped in. Waddie was kneeling up in bed, his faco hidden by his falling curls and the hands ho held up before it, his little day shirt slipping off his rounded shoulders and limbs, while his body was shaken by sob3. "Muver ! muver! muvcr !" he was crying over and over again, like a hungry little bird oalling incessantly iu his lonely nost. "Me want '00, muver ; Daddy's dorn away and loft poor Wadsie all by his lone self !" Daddy heard him distinctly, and tapped hard at the window pane. "Waddie!" he cried. "Waddio! come here I" Waddie heard and lost not a moment, tumbl ing over himself in his haute to roach his lost darling Daddy. "Me tort you had runneded away too" he said, scrambling up into tho high chair. " Oh ! Daddy, me is welly cold and welly hungedy !" "Listen, Waddie," said Daddy vory clearly, "you are going to have somothing to eat soon, and something to drink, and now you must take your toys into bod with you and pull tho clothes all round you, and — and I'll bo as quick as ever I can, Waddie." And then Duddj sped away for his life, not daring to look back at the cherub face that seemed to havo grown thin during ono Sabbath day and night of fasting. By 12 o'clock Daddy had carried but five faggots, and he went on with his work when all tho rest trooped away to dinner. Tho master hud watched him at intervals, and now camo up. " Why don't you go to your dinner !" ho said, . Daddv shook his hc&d.; Ho could work, but he could not beg. "Here," said tho man roughly, "take half your wage now, and do your seven faggots after you have eaten," and he put three hulf-penoo in the boy's hand. " God bless you !" said Daddy with quivering lips ; then with all the weary aching gone from his back, he Hew to a small baker's shop that he had passed a few minutes before. The smell of the waim bread turned him faint for a moment, but he asked for a pennyworth of bread, thou inquired of the woman where he could buy milk. She looked hard at tho white boyish face, at the halfpenny clutched like golden treasuro iu his little hand, and then said, " May be I've a drop to spare. How much d'ye want?" Ho held out the halfpenny. She took it and wont away, returning pre sently with a tin panikiii holding olose on a pint of milk. "Drink some of it," sho said. He shook his head — Waddie must have some first. Ho thanked the woman vory Bweetly, quite ignorant of how she had befriended him, and hastened away, "Bring back the pannikin," she called after him, and ho promisod, then sped on with feet that jpy had winged. Waddio saw him coming from distance, and dancad up and down in his shoeless feet; ho Med ip-irafli tho window open, hut tho >v?dgo of wood hindered hlra, and ho beat with littlo angry hands upon the panes. But, oh! tho joy with which Daddy handed the food in, and presently ted him ! Kostasy were tuo poor a word to oxprcss tho swelling joy that rose higher aud higher in him as content ment gradually overspread Waddie's face, which grew round ugain before his very eyes ! Then ho, too, ato and drank, and togother they kneeled down, and said tho Lord's Prayer, for neither had remembered his prayers that morning. Ilien Waddio's brief golden time was over, for Daddy must return to his work, but with a sus taining roforenco to a Bath bun, that partly consoled Waddio iu tho fcimo that elapsed beforo Daddy's return. And thus, with alight variations, had passed the seven days that had elapsed since the woman, whose very name the boys did not know, had dcHQrticd them. Daddy's master seemed to havo concerned himself no moro about the hoy, but long ago he had quietly tracked him home, und had al«o looked in at tho window while lie was away. Seeing a child eating sweots and apparently well cared for in the wiudow, and a woman's clothes lying on the bed, be had come to tho natural conclusion that their inothor camo home at night, and that Daddy had elected to do a little work on his own account during the day. Ho wa- nota curious man, ami mude it a rulo never to inquiro about people whose circum stances might requite rolief, hut ho saw that though tho pinohed look on tlio boy's faco was gone, it grew paler and thinner every day. And on that seventh day, the point at which I began this story, ' Waddie's loving oyes seemed to find something amiss in him too, and ho stole out of bad, and pottered up to his side. "Dus 00 back ache, Dadsie?" ho said, rubbing it vigorously with his little hand. "Nevermind! to-morrow's Sunday, and you'll stop at 'ouic an' 'avo a 'oliday ! " Sunday— yos— in which ho could earn no money ; ami ho hud only contrived to savo ono penny during the past six days of work, which lie had iaid out in tho bread uow iu the cup board. Aud ho felt ill aud strange, with noises in his cars, and whisporing voicos that were nowhere near him. Ho must rouse himself, and ho lifted Waddie, and curried him back to bed, thinking regretfully of that luxury of sweots iu whioh ho had indulged tho littlo fellow, Then ho undressed him, thoy said their prayers togethor, and, warm aud happy, Wad die fell asleep iu his arms, whilo, too weary to undress, Daddy drew the countorpai\o about him and slept also. Closo upon midnight, a stop that lagged and faltered, sometimes pausing altogothor, came down the alloy, and halted at last by tho outer door of the boys' miserable homo. . There was the slow sound of a key turning in tho lock, and a womau stumbled ovor tho thres hold, gropiug her way through tho small passage to a door, outside which sho sank down on her kuccs, shuddering ami shivering in every limb. The ague fit past, she bent her oar to tho key hole and listened, but nob a sound, not a breath or sigh came from within. She had expected this awful silonce, this ever lasting stillness ; it had moved with her all through tho noisy, beating hoarb of tho groat city. Bub the reality was something more awful still ; it took subatanoo and weighed her down like lead, with a physical agony that left her hand powerless to uulook the door, and sec what was within. "I locked thom in," she said in a strained harsli whisper, " without food, without firing — two helpless childron— aud not a soul within earshot if they shrieked thomselyos mad . . . and I meant to come baok . . . I'd got my wago, but I must go and look at him, and her . . . I must see their pale faoes— see some of the agony on his that he wrote on mine — and I waited a long whilo, but thoy camo at last . . . haggard and weary thoy camo back to their hotel, weary with following up false clues . . . for not all tho father's and mother's love in tho world, nob all the detectives in Lon don had boon able to trace them here . O ! my God, my God ! Why did I do it?— what havo I dono V" Sho writhed to and fro, with oontortcd arms twisted in the heavy hair that had fallen over her, biting the dust outside that portal which she was afraid to outer, "I was mad to steal them," she went on in that unnatural voice, "mad! He cut mo adrift like a dog when he married, though I was good enough to be held in his arms the day boforo lie swore faithfulness, to another woman . . . if only he'd told mo — if lio'd stood up like a man and told me the truth earlier I might have forgivdn him . . . . but the man who doesn't begin his married life with a clean slate deserves all h'o>gets . . . ' only it isn't his children's fault . . . and he's alivo and they arc — dead ! " The lost word ended almost in a shriek ; a panic of unreasoning fear seized her, she drew baok from fcho door, straining her eyes in the darkness upon it. "I can't go in !" she cried, half crazed with horror. "I can't seo those little wasted, cold bodies. If they'd only sont me to gaol I could havo got help for them ; but the ourscd drink — " she paused and put up her hand to the thick bandago bound round her head. "It never served mo such a fcriok before, but it's ill work measuring cups with the Devil, and when that van struck mo down—" Sho paused agaiu an one who tries to remember "But to-night — y os, to-night I got my wits baok, and when they were all down stairs I put on my clothes and stole out. They were laughing so loud thoy never heard me, Thoy ware good people, they never touched what was loft of my wago. But I didn't buy any food for tho ohildren as I came along. It's too late." For awhile she rooked herself to and fro 5 bub the outburst had relieved fcho dizzied brain, and gradually some of her usual hard courage began to return. "I must go in," she said, steadily, "I will go in," and she took a key from her pocket, and with a firm hand unlocked the door, and cross ing fcho threshold, stood almost without breath ing inside it. A young April moon suffused the room with a soft radiauoe that indistinctly revealed the out lines of fcho two lads, and showed to her staring eyes a little heap beneath a coverlid that lay no moro silont and sfcirless than sho had expected. Slowly, stop by step, sho advanced into the room ; in fcho middle of it she halted, trembling convulsively, and sank as one suddenly smittou to the ground, then on her bauds and knees crawled to tho bed, and with one supreme effort dragged herself up by it, aud plucked the oover- ing from tho children's faces. " 0 God ! they woro warm !" Sho felt that living warmth before she had touched them ; astonished, wide eyed, an ecstasy of joy lifting her above earth, she stretched a baud and felt "Waddie's baby cheek; thon with a wild cry upon her Maker, foil back a senseless heap upon tho ground. Waddio, awakened by that cold touoh, nnd having slept a ereat deal that day, did uofc relupso into slumber, but lay quite still, with wide oponod oyes fixed on tho ceiling. Daddy's arms were no longer round him ; they had slippod away, and ho slept heavily, so heavily that lie did not feel tho soft kiss Waddie presently dropped on his oold cheek, nor yet the soft breath that hovered lovingly about him. In that dim light Waddio could see his brother quite plainly, and something in his face touched him, and caused an unknown trouble in his baby heart ; tears gathered in his blue eyc3 and fell on the pillow. " Mo wis1 Muver would come !" ho said aloud; " she soon kiss Daddy, and make him well 1" As if in answer to him, a low moan broke on hi3 ear — not from Daddy — for he lay still as boforo, and Waddio sat up in bed, his hoarfc beating violently, and listened with all his might. His mind had never been tortured by ideas of ghosts, and I10 felt no fear, only wondered what it was, for ho oould sec nothing. Ho heard fcho sound again, and a gasping ory, as of someone fighting for breath ; then I10 pushed the clothes back softly for fear of awaking Daddy, and rolled his chubby limbs to the bottom of tho bed, alighting on fcho floor with a big bump. Ho know in a moment who it was lying there, and saw fcho white bandago half hidden by the streaming thick hair ; understood, too, in sorpo tender, qhildish way, the agony that was in the woman's soul, and which racked her body, aud kneeling down beside herj he put hia little hand on that miserable head, saying-- "Poor ooman ! Has 00 hurtod 'oosolf, and so '00 couldn't turn back ?" Tho woman raised herself, looking wildly at the innocent, anxious little face so near her own, then with a low cry sho snatched him in her arms, covoring his foot, his limbs, his hair with kisses. Waddie mode no objection; he forgot those weary nights and daya pf oold and hunger —for a child of 3 bears no malice, and his memory is divinely short — and presently of hia own accord ho kissed her, Sho wrapped the skh't of her dress warmly about him, ns they held a conversation in which the simple, monotonous life of tho boys during the last seven days was told, " God bless Daddy !" she paid once, with tremhling lips. " Dawd bless dear Daddy !" echoed tho ohild. " Us fchort '00 very wicked," said Waddie, in conclusion, shaking his bright head. " U3 didn't know a nasty old 'orae had ruuued over '00 1 Did it hurt '00 welly much ?" He fell asleep soon after that, and all through the uight, and the clear strengthening dawn that showed all the loveliness of tho little face on her breast, she sat there motionless, whilo one by ono the devils that had possessed her plpwly and grudgingly left her soul. It was a human being, with a possible future of redemption, and not a fiend whose every earthly and heavenly hope had been long cast out, who rose at last, autl laying the child in her own bed, drow near and looked at the boy whosu courage and patience had saved her from tho orime of murder. Hp still slept, but with the dull lethargy of exhaustion rather than the light, peaceful slumber of ohildhood. Dark blue shadows lay uuder his eyes, bis features had that worn aud pinched lopk that is seen in half-starved gutter childron, the hands lying outside the coverlet were Bcratohed and torn, and In some places bleeding apd the suffering of years, not day?, was spamped on the looks that still retained theijf natural expression of goodness and truth. . Ifhe wojnui# brpath stylet jn a gpb Sho half Ktrctohed her hand to UU head, then drew it back— alio wa s not worthy. Through her brain there flitted two half for gotton lines : And thine upon the still face on the bed : yres / it is mornin 7 now I "Oh I no," she cried aloud iu k«r agony, " not that— not that ! O God, say that I am not too late." Tho cry disturbed Daddy ; ho rnovod rest lessly. "Mother !" he said. "Mother!" Tho woman stooped ovor him, and lightly, reverently, covered up thoso disfigured hands; then she knelt down beside him, and for the first time since she had lost her innocence wrestled witli God in prayor for that one little life, pouring out her soul like water in her great dosirc. Balm and healing came to her there. It was a humble and repentant woman who rose at last, and removing tho bandages that hid the cruel wound in her hoad, bound up her hair, cleansed her face, and stood at lost a haggard, beautiful wreck, whoso will, at least, would furnish strength for the work that sho had that morning to do. For a moment sho paused by Waddie's side, and her lips moved ; but it was at Daddy sho gazed longest, wbcu, on going out of tho door, she looked back. The sun shono down 011 the pallid boy, and threw its motes on Waddie's goldon curls. Slowly she moved away — they wore safe now — each step -that took her farther away was bringing nearer to fr'nun— " " 