BB. PETERSS STORY. \- TE OoxLs DOn. =te:=: e Pr :-vteoro IT was a liter, a litter cf re, Four are drown'd, and one left lire, He was thought worthy alone to surrre ; And the Bagman reolred ooan ;.-gb htem To at of his breaod and to drirnk of his cup, He was such a dear little ~ckndrd pup i The Bagsan taught him many a trick; Hee would cury, and fetch, and rn after a stick. Cod well condertand The word of comn m?nd, And appear to dore ith a arna on hie Till the Bagman perisairely sared ia hand: Then to throw up and lchit he never would A. he at up on end, on his little cock-tail erer was puppy o ea iariti, Or poaeo 'd of ucth aoial talent ash be; And as he grew older, REery behoider Agreed he grew handsomer, sleeker, and boder.- Time, howere: hie whe4a we may Cdo , Wends stead-r still wi:h onard ja, And the cock-tafd p:pppj a curly-.u? d dog I When, js: a: the thia He was reac i hi. pnzi .e And allthh loo&i; ttm- ning out acriým sublime, One un ucky day How, no one could sy, Whether ome eoit i "ir.n induoed him to Or same kiitawpg- reaiond maz'd hi away, He wan lost to the riw, ike i:e cnrwin He b6a bee, a-r = :-ss . -a- all that t.ey And the 4_ -? = - ='d, and ~he EH?a e But storm or wer=,.= bht lim-e aril To recoTer ,o. a, ?ih _e.t crte ?ails. In a lare pearei sc. ? . iCe by ilt.e-i sOre, Stands mam.ot, ci ?,tt in thornh U repr:, The eels swrantrs _ 0-h the general ase Of its -ze a=d e- sei? hr wit o, tWe In freai a ah=-e irirate2r s=ir Of stone re se,--se haof ace, it is sue= _, r<e-= to be L=-!I o th:e° Tren et ro s-.e t.et d e, n S I, frh aWenieman s hmnoo n the " ofe of Q-eon Ane: Ulder T?-??nx d Pte S the C cof oald Acw rae te - 'e?=a rtne score F-dge sand Y-t th.r-: - o'-- ?-o in -d o-ed te l ito . = ,` Ca, Z, sdl S.t. . Ma'=- E To rt "?aos, and a . c- .ge, Au S. An-I in ScP Be týen as -s -a tdo ae Is gn o o e,--Enoa:: a;n' Ser c:en Snary Had lei t-*_ i oe-,- ozinp, in Tre, T outoor r kw, r antdor t, r E ger, an A -. =:mdo H---no = the 1-an°±a+ter lit. ere a~ w s? o u ' men, an ' d mp, e, WAnd now-i w o is fee- d e ti dbefore; A mncr r-ty hact, if 'a t, el feriend, On ~ e ---ree u=er as i as Ostend; , Ao z e a=ist y =Zt, tA wrasin rs Isn r Gte Sea! Ze Sea theb Vue SM! '' e.e gins w~u e we alt with to b.h RatBr notes cn i: T n-es .!' o a ?am 2r i iy ? it b dady, In the kz:E.o- t armee, at the o?nr-:e and In a r ee c . c,-tal ro roa?une Ta ay =-a= t hroe th:e (Cty, ta ersaely per ae.?rh. And every ?apt l Is y who thrums a guitar, EAs 'ry mac ?n,'d Shomuan who smokes a TurH h aer they e noti. romalgate hise Of S einf a 'r eu r and , child of the Oean= WBte ner tha, sex, or a dition a be, Take them down to thehe 1crie And you'll tee tLat, beofre The " Wetal" they " Weyrae " in has half omade her war Between Shell- ess Paint and the pier at Hrne Bay, Letthe wind meet the tide in the slightest degre.s, TheOf beall e of thm heartily ickd of "the Seals Fe stood in targate, on a bidge of size Inerio far to othat descbed bay Byron, Where "palaces and piis son each bhand tahu, \--That tooas a stone cne, this is made of iron And little donkey-boys your steps enriron, Each p:cfaring for your choice his tiny hack, Taunting its excellence; and, should you bie oe, Fer ue will he urge, with frehuent thwack. Themach-eaduring beat to Bhenc Ayrea Trc stood, oad tusr'd my gaza upon the And sethe cew, that did embark so gyn The siYet me amn, now on embark so set I"-- Bat hold, my Masal-tor this territe stanza And now we'll go backwards and forwards. -ihope you're ofcaieut discernment to sea, Is a farlt which yon meat sot attribute to me, Thus my Horse cot it oe when, " with three: Alllm eatn to ray ic, that the Muse in now free Prom the renfiirpood trammels put on by her betlerso And no longer lUo Fis, ?mil the tialns and Roiening her trock. Atoo oe ah Ohe5oh To oar her', the Iageoan.-Al ! andAlack! Poor Anthony BLtgg Is so sEC as a do';, Spite of rtdry rnwonted poatnoatos -r, y the timee e Dutch packet to f rio at sea, With the sands tatled the Gooins a cague I Ant now, t goo lriecdr, l're a te orpor tocity An tolling of "canlr:in," And "smarter " Fore and sit," And "sbaft," "H ockers," " barkeyc," sod " craft," (At which Mr:. Pocle has to wickedly isught) Of biunnclea,-bdibees,-the boom calid the spanker, The b-Dat bower chle,-:the rjb,-taidegs anchar, Oodeck g-- 2,-an oE hanodthds and Of t?I? and toail , and spicind .I And "Shirer m timbes!' and ther cad Esa hC' d W i hbrd-fe.r Of theep seree seefarg ea 0u TatVcrs. they' a to the eyes o f teir Bow the Sa rs, is-, swer, sHow fvs, ches'h their hair, `And what wery Icn i-taiis a great many B,, Pen, I sorn it-the act is, I a, To be candid, I an' make these matter so thdaer As M3a'yat, or Cooper, or Captain Chaule, Or Sir E. Ly.ton Bolwer, who breoght up the rea Of the "??ztial',"k~jat at the end f hot year , Eighteen thirti?i e- b?w Time iea -Oh, Wra re? itten prirace to make i appear Tno his play, the "Seo-Cpir, 's by no means eneers . iThde - _-i" nahebt up the rer "--qbo hoee there's a stak Which n ora tofhe anthem s ye r metate woud hre ; I ought to lhari id, thashbe *salT in their So eil =merely see, as, the waver grew prooer* The mao e mr poor hero continued to saoer, Till the Siors te ih er, ied, in pny, Poor EBiur !" Still rogher it gre, And stll harder it And the thurnder kick'd up cuch a hli"bo-o, That een the Skipper begran to lock daeo While the cma, who wre fer. 1rk'4d serf queer, too. And iire'd nut to know what esactly to d3 And they who'd the charge of them grot in the lIgs. "Wind ].E?-,low a hiemirse-ral~ o rcoa and doga" In snt, it soao grew to a te pent as rude as That Shakespare dearitn near the "still Teat Bermodu," When te winds, in their Ep ri o I)te side from it port The King ship, with the :whoe Yeapoia Coart, Soft acment cE two with the Leiy Miranda While her Pa men the rest, ad sý crely rbouked 'cn For nhand omely doing him out of lA D=keoma. Ton don': want e, howerer, to paint you a A. so many hare doe, and in color s so La"d By , f instance, in sanerfacetions, hr. A liswrta =are ra-el,- t also Lucre \- writer who grae m no triing reaticn Wan a yongster at school on Dean Colest's foundation" SSe i , o say That the Thei of that day, And the mexn? ad the -et, they were send diog away Quie ss of their coars, Propeil'd by the strr as Aqutie, iL , Tifrs, Aneter, and Bars', Driset quiat as their nercy 'Triot Gaen ser nd Jeste Till at lene they came bump on the rocks and the shallowre, In West kzitade, One, fifty-orven, nor St Mloes; There you will not be rs:rlthd That the ressee Ca.sizcl, Or that Bkgr, who had made, from intestine His speiiarl gravity less than the Ocean's, Sbo'it go oatig away, Midst the sarges and spray, shower, oRun down Holben- hill about nine knots an Yeu've seen, I've zo doubt, at Bartholomew Fair. Gentle eader,-tht is, if you'ws ever been thre;, tith their hands tied betdin them, some two or three pair Of boys mand a backet aut on in a char, tulppe. and dipp Eyes, nsem , inge, and lip in, Their iaces and hair with the water all In an =is-- a erpt to catch hold of a That bos up and daow in the water when e touch it, as nocing the truitleso en. dearoyr; Eeaty as Poetsa say,-how, though, they an't tell he, Otd Kick's Koapareito play at bob with poor Tantalua. -Stay 1-Pm not clear, But rim rather out here; 'Twas the water itsel'f that lipp'd from bim, I fear; Faith, I can't recollect-and I haven't Lem. No maer,-psorBlorg went on duckingand bobbing, Sneezing out the salt water, and gulping and sobbing, Just as larence, in Shakopeare, deceibes all i the anlmis he Experiened while dreaming they'd drowned hir in Malmeey " 0 Lord," he thoouht," 'what pain it was to drown I" And saw great fishes with great goggling egee, Glaring as he was bobbing uop and down, And locking as they though; him quite a When, as he sank and all was growing dark, A ooethiong seized him with its jawsI--A Shirk! so srch thing, Beader :-msoat opportunely for Blaze, 'Twas a very large, web'footed, cnrly-tail'd I'm not mach of a tRavller, and realy can't boest That 1 know a greatdealiof theBrittany oast, Bot Preofren heard soy That s'en so this The people of Granville, St \lloes and there abhot Are a class that Society doesn't much care about; ieu who gain their oTdistenceby contraband dealing, And a mode oa abstraction strict people call "steaing;" Kotwithotsnding all which, they are civil of Above all to a Stranger who comes within reach; And they were eo to Blogg When the enrly-Oltal' Dog At lsst dragg'd him out, high and dry on the beach. Bat we all hare heen told, By the proverb By no manes to think "all that glittcer is And, in fact, some advance That moat Jointhe mnne and air of a atrlre de Dease, To the mna -as Johnson of Cheeterfied Of an elderly Lady, in Babylon bred, Much addicted to flirting, and dresaing in red Be this as it might, It embarrass'd Blogg anite To nd thee shout him so very polite. A snopilona obserr perhape might have traced The etiCa soais, tendered with so much good To the eirht of an oid-finalioned pocket-book, phsed In a bhct leather thlt well secured round his And a rinz set with dtsmonde, his finger thet grazed, So brillian n one could hare gresad they were F.Le. The resup on the there Conithted of four; You will weider, peshaep, there were not s few mere; But the fact t they re not, in that rot if the nanion, What ahhb= ertui tier, a "ta douse popeuti3n, ' Indeed the silo d- thereof sun's hleitaticn Was merels- a asle Rude but in a dinole Thai led srws inltnd direes teem the shin;le, Irs rides cothed with underwood, gloomy and Same two huodred wards above hich-water Ard thither the party, So cordial and Tin, an old mar, his wife, and two lade, made a tart, he, aThe Bagmn, ptoceed , With equal good e ?a?edin To esoaese, ina fderent French all ha feel% The nt eny-aiii DcT keeping luans 6his heek They een readoh? the Eut, which seemld tnyihe w brut i sn, p the se l sieang h Tit'se or t-a"d or.eexe 4e?a._ ta YO whmer sour se=.m no at all spt. - To -ty, if you Endr rlcvr einit a w .n'4pep in A hasin of good muton bt?oh with a chop in itI (Saoh a bseu and eaos as I once heard a did one Cif, at the Giari:k, a c--am aiA one" An eapesin, I own, I do not think a pretty one) Howev?, r ?a clear That, with rso? d table Such a mess as I pean of is vero good cheer EPpepially, t, When a posso" a wet through, Add is hany, and tired, and don't know uhat to do. Now juet euch a mess of dlic es 'but pottage Was skinrg away when they euter'd the cottage, And casinug a truly delius perio.oue Though the whoi of an ugly, old,3i-ftnmkh'd ornom , "Hot, asoking hot," On ,he fire ran a pot Well reaeh'd, but really I can't nay with what; For, famed as the French always are far ragonto, Yo retnre can tell what they put in their Whether ball-froge, old glorer, or old wig, or old shoes; Stithstanaing, when offdd I rarely refuse, Any more than poor B!ogg did, when, s?eing the re ?ky Pept planed beore him, arnrole to spek, In eatury muttered " By Jose, bcky-Ieeky In In an insu?nt, as anon An they gave him a Erery feeling and factity bmn on the gruel, he o more blamed Fortune for treating him But fell to.h and ail on the ano and the Meanwhile that cl ? man standing by, Subdncted his lot enorat-ails on high, With his back to the fire,as if to dry A part of his dress which the watery ?ky ,Had aisted rother isal eaethly. Brondl he miled, but still he looked sy, And a something sinister lurk d in hise gya. Inded, head you seen him his maritime drea Yondhave own'd his arpeazance was not He'd a "dradnght" cat, and heasy Sahey With thitk wood-e- eles turned up at the toes, ?is nther man eased in a ?teiped gaelow And a hump on his back, and a great hock d nose, so that n? e out of ten would be led to asp That the person before them was Punch in p'? n clothes. Yet til, as Itold you, he smiled on all rie teat, And did all that lay in his power to look pleasant The aold woman, too, Made a mighty ado, Helping her goea to a deal of the stew; She fsh'd on the ntn, and she helped hin to She help d him to lean, and she help'd him to fat, And it ooked like Hare-hut it might have been at. The little g?re aa, too, rtove to epress Their sypt ty towards the "Child of di?. trees' - With a great deal of juvenire?erench peoils: Bat tha Bagman bluff Continued so "Staffn Oif e tfat, and the lean, and the tender and toco", Till they thought he would nerer cy " Hold, enough I " And the old woman a tones beone far les agreeable, Sending like paUe and armI and dia.el 're aeen an aold aw which is well worth repestint That tEoe, "6Stlir et.gngr 3rsern t t gcb Brunagtgr." You'll fIed it to printed by t ,arton or Earraign, And a very good proverb it is to my thiking. Bloo thought al too;- As he finished his stew, His ear caught the sound of the word Preoounced by the old woman under her treatI. Now, not knowing what she could mean by t' Blue Death I " He conceived she referr'd toa delEatebhrewing Which is al:moi. " ynonymos,-namely, "Blue Rain." So he pursedup his lip to a smile, and with she. In hi' cocknrfy'd accent, reoponded, "Oh, Which made her anderstand he Was asking for brandy; So she turn'd to the copboard, and, hbaing some handy, Produced, rightly deeminge would not object to it, An orbicular bulb with a very long neck to it; In fact, you perceive her mistake was the same as hie, Each of them "reasoning right from wrong premises; -And, here, by the way Allow me to ny, Kind eader, you sometime peomita me to 'IH atronga the French prove, when they take to aspersing, So inferier to us in the science of earing; Kick a Frenchman down stairo, How abaurdly ha aweara, And how odd 'tis to hear him, when beat to a Boar out in a pasioon, Bloe Death!" and "Blue Belly I" "To return to our aheep " from this little digresion:- BlIgg'a ieaneta asaumed a complacent ex pression An he emptied hia glass, and the gave him a ehsh one; Too little he heeded How fast they stu Perhaps yon or I might hare done, though, as For when once Madame Portnue deals onther It'n amung to think, Howone" cottons" todrink! At such times, of ali thingtinnatuoeperlaps, There't not one that's half so aedacing s Sdeua.pr Mr. Blong, beide oeing nnamnmonly day, Was, like moat other Bagmen. remarkably shy, -"Did you like to deay "- "Pelt obliged to comply5 Erery time that he asked himto" wet t'other Foe 'ras rthy remark that the spared not the stoup, Thougih before she had aeem'd as to grudge him the soup. At length the fumes rote To his brain; and his nose Gave hints of a strong disposition to done, And yearuning to treek "horizntal repose." His queer-locking bost. Who, firm at his During all the long meal had continued to toast Test gartent 'twer rude to Domorre than allode to, Perceived. from his broothing and nodding, th'e vies Oi sgi ,.i wore dirictot to "taking a So ba castht up a lamp in liib huge dirty pow, With (so BWi- osel to tell it) "3founsaec, And"mal'rrd" ' hit ro " The say he Lrptaira to an at.rc, lar:e, glooms, and low Wihout t..bl or chair, Or a moveable Sare au raif-ainnin'd bel:tsz, mnch out of That t'oos cu dh· ed moit rumsced from the WiTh a grin and a shrug The hbet points to tO' ruo, Just as much as to oay, "There!-I think voa'll be song ! Putt the light on the floor, Walks to the door, Makes a formal Solour, and is then aeon no more: Whin jc u as the ear lot the =and of hli tread To the s 's srprise, and, at fiast, to his The great cary-taid Dog cept from uder the bed ! -It'sa .ery ce thin g w jen a as S ca hmeha, and sig i'thin, a in white, Whimg, of oot, o-e is led to or nider i Sprite. To ~ad that the Ghost Is meredy a past, Or a miler, or chiky-faced donkey a most; Or, when taking a walk as the evenings begin To does cr, as some peol call it,"d dawin," And eoee undefned faor, "loomning lurge° thr?Egh the hare, Presents iel, right in your path, to your Indntnlg a dread Of a knock on the head, Or a atrer'd carotid, to find that, itead Of one of those r an bho mandr sad Fteece men, It' your Uncle, or one of the Rumal Police men-; - Then the blood slowsagain Thinartery and Vein Ya~re delghd with what just befae gave Syou pamin: You i?agh at ysnr fes-r-and yurm friend in Meets a 1welome as orrdial as Anthony Blogg Now bestow'd on lit friend-th? great curly tarad Dr?. Far the Dg leap'd up, and his raws found a On each side his neck in a canine embrace, And he lick'd Beas hands, and be lick'd his race, And he wagglei bis tail, as Much as to say, " . B we're forega±her'd before to And the Bagman as, as he now sprng up What, beyond all doubt, He might hare found out Before, had lie noct been eo eager to sup, 'TPas Sancho -the IEog he had rear'd from a pop! The Do who when sinking had seized his Tae Dag who had eared, and condneted him there, The Dog be had lost out of E-iter Square ! It' passing sweet, An absolute treat, When friend, long serer'd by diti ne meet, With what warmth and affeeion each other they gree: ! Especially, too, as we very well know, If there seems any chance of a little eodena, A "Present from Brighton," or "Tokeen" to In the shape of a work.abo ring, blacelet, or si That oar friends don't forget us, although they may go To Riam-gte, or Pome, or Fernando Pe. It some little advantage seems likely to start, Frutt a fisy-peend note to a two-penny tart, It's anspoang to see hw it scftes the hears, And you'll Afind thsose whose hopes rat the other are strangest, Use, in common, endearments the thickest ndlasgong Bt, ita not sohere; For although it is dar, When abrmod.ad we hare not a single friend near, E'en a car that will lore ts becomes very dear, And the Ibha-c of interes 'twixt him and the Dog Of coumrse was indining to Anthony BElgy Yet he, fitat of all, eened To encorage the besEt, Perhaps thiking " Ecoa;h is as good as a And besde?s, as we're said, being sleepy and mellow, He grew tired of patting, and crying " Por fellow ! " So his smile by degrees harden'd into a frown, And his "That's a good do ! " into " Down, Sancho! down!" But nothing could atop his emtae far'rite s areaing Who, in fact, teemed resolved to prevent his undresing, Uaing paws, tall, and head, As if he had said, ' Moest beloved of masters, pray, don't go to bed: Tou had much better sit up, and pit me in stead!" iay, at last, when determined to take some repose, Blogz threw himself down on the outside the clothes. Spite of allhe could do, The Dog jump'd up too, And tept him awake with his very cold neo : Sratching and whining, And moaning and Til Blorg really )elieved he gMst have pimne design in Thus breaking his rest* above all, when at length The fog scatch'd him off #M the bed by sheer strength Extremely annoy'd by the tarnatin whop," 'a call'd in Kentaoe on his hbed and its oppo site, Blogg thawed fight ; .Who he mw, by the light / Of the flickering candle, thlt had not yet quite Barnt down in the sam t though not over bright, Qertainr k'coblar'd stai? , as of blood newly spilt,- Reveal'd by the dog's having saratch'd of the Which hinted a story of sopar and ,lt l- 'Tau "ao nmatake,'"- He .ra i st awake" In an instant; for, when only decently drunk. Nothing sobers a man o ompletely as " funk." And hok I-what'o that!- They hare got into chat In the kitchen below- what the dnce are they at - There's the ugly old Fisherman scolding hit ,ie And she-by the Pope l she's whetting a knife!- Ateach twist Oi her erisot, Andher great munttin fist, The edge of the weapon sounds shoiller and louder ! The fiereeitchen fr Had not madEBlogg perpie Half n much, or a dos of the best James's prwder. It eares-aIPe silent !--od now, I deehre There'a eomebody ceawls op that rickeLy stairl The horrid old ruffian comes, at-like, creep •Ie opens the door just sufeident to peep in, And see., as he faaeie, the Bagman oleepiog ! For Blogg, when he'd once aseertain'd that "there wit e : s e Precious mischief?!' sn foot, had reaolr'd to play "Possum; " Down b e wont, legs and head, Flat n the Apparently sleeping as sonna ars the dead; While, though none sho look'd at him would think such a thing Every neroe in his frame was bracd up for a 'Iben, just as the i?lain Crept, stealthily And you'd not hare insur'd his goest's life for \- ashill n",' " As the knife gleam'd on high, bright and aharp as a ra?ar, Blgi. slarting upright, "tipped" the fellow " afacer;" -Down went man and weapon-Of all sorts of blow;, From what Mr. Jaksoon reports, I suppo There amre few that surpot a flush hit on the -"owb ha I the --n or ctld O-ian or Ho?mrer, (Thogh ~.ch of theve names asme pmrononee a m+iscmer. ArS soy the trot pe-son Waos ma'd James M'Pheron,. Whi'e, as to the aeco?d, they tiautly decl-re He wts no ns knows whs, asd born no one I kiowa where2) Or hod I the qcil of Pierce E?rn, a writer For the ]toe. twenty yeare, B- the lFvedy youo- Peae. Who, doting their c~ronets, eatlar, tnd ermi-et. treat I~xers to "Maux," at the Ono Tun in Jam?ri Street; -I my, could I borrow these Genatlemen's More s~kill'd than my meek one in "6 fibti " sand bruiser, I'd dec-ibenow to you As "prime a Set to,?." And "regular tarn-up," s eoer yin knew : A 13 Sot infeior in botom to saght you have read of - e bnbth, year ago, hal knoclk'd Coll neuzf beead off Bet my dainty iTrania ai, "Such thips are Lte mittena She Iow% Deieaing e"Th j Gloves; " n. And trnnig, with asr aceisd -fll ymeck in;. - Pkcm Me!pemca bhkio a pts the silk So, af as I ca see, I metre you to The thamps and the b:Ean, and the nps and the doewns, And the ta and the sane, and the raps on the carns, That pass'd 'twiat the Husband, Wife, Bag man, and fg, As B!oer rolled over them, and they rtl'd While what's called "The Caret" Fleo orer the garret: ?erely sating the fac, As each other they whack'd, The Dog his old master mos grlhantly back'd; Making both the '2aeas, the came duinnyI in, sheer off, With "Bippolyte's" thumb, and "Al phonse's" left ear off; erxt, making a stoop on The bffetting +arap on The Noer, rent in tatters the ol wom n's Japea; Then the o!d man ten'd up, and a fresh bite cf Sancho s Tore out the whole seat of his striped Call .eally, which way This desperate fray 3i~iht hare ended at last, Pru no; able to asy, The do; keeping thus the assasins at bay: But a few fresh arrivals decided the day ; Fo bounce went the door, In came half a Of the p stenger, ailors, and one or two Who had tIed the party in gaising the shre I It's a great many years age-mine then were ferw Since I spent a short time in the old Cos It thin then say She hs been, in her day. A First-rate-bt was then what they term a And they took me on board in the Downs, where she lay (Captain Wilkinson held the command, by the way.) in her I pickd up, on :hat single oocalqo, The little I know that cenarns ianigation, And obtained, ar ella, some vague infs? casioa Of a practce which often, in cases of robbing, Was adopted on shiobhard-I think 'twos cll'd "cob'hin^." How 'twas maed eaetly I really can say, Bat I think that a Boot-jack was brought Sinto play- That is if right :-it exceeds my ability To tell hoB 'i done; But the .sytem is one Of which Sancho's exploit would increase the faclity, And, from all I could learn, Id mucath rather he robb'd Of the little I havre in my pane, than be "eobb'd;" That's mere matter of taste: Bat the Frenehman was phced I mean the old sonndrel whose actions we're traced In each a position, that, nc this unmasking, His aoesent was the lat thing the men thoaght of asking. The old woman, too, Was obliged to go Through, ith her boy, the rough discipline used by the rew, Who, before they let one of the aet see the back ofat them, "Cobb'd" the whole party-ay, "ervey man Jack of them." YOPnt And now, Gentle Reader, before that I say Farewell for the present, and wish you good dxy, Attend to the moral I daw from my lay - If ever you travel, like Anthony Blog, Be wary of strangers --don't take too much grog! And don' fall asleep, if you should, like a Above all--arey with you a ecrly-tail'd D e lastly, don't act like Botgg, who, I sayiti jJs blushing, Sold Sancho next month for two guiaea& at Flushing; But stilt on thee words of the Bard keep a fit eye ia-stlra s nex, ox?£ arIat!! - .i \- V1Eaay. e I felt so disaoated with ogg, from sheer shame of him, I never oace thought to inquire what became of him; If you want to know, 'eader; the way, I opine To achiere your design,-M?nd, it's no win. of mine, I,--(a penny will do't)--by addressing a lin To Turner, Dry, Weipereyde, Rogers, and Pyce. -. 