i-iow the New Tarriff 'Works in the North. ' (Fnua lite 'J'umnsniUe Age , Pcbrunrtj '.!). y M'lip great lliiiuiciiil genius of tin; " Knvioui' of thiB country " litis I men exerted; Sir Thomas MTIwr.iitli has said tlie 1 word, ami !o ! ihii cost of living to tho working mini with latiiiliefi us Miiuruased from- six to 'ten shillings per wuok,, -Thisi partioiilar kind of fiiuuiuiug may bo very cluver; but wo must confess tiiab wo arc somewhat dciicionb iu appreciation of it. All additional contribu tion of, say, seven shillings a week from all working men with families, and' tlio saiiio amount or nearly so from capitalists Collected nbinpiilsorily by iiioanB of tho Oustoilrllousi!, . ik'.biib way of raising additional revenue, it Is i trtib, hut the particular .brilliancy or clever- , noss of tlie idea, none but the great fiiiaucior! .an'd his fvionds can fully percoivo. And it it lie clever, it does not commend itself to bur mind as an equitable distribution of the burden of" taxation'. Instead of putting, at least, a part of tlie burden on property, or simply on land; it is placed ohiollyjon the workers— tho producers of tho coiony. In North Queensland instead of tlie Government, loyjbng a tax on the successful dividend- paying mines, and thus placing a bunion where it could borne, they place a duty on niiping .liiiiuliinory, and thus tax dividoiul pitying and . struggling concerns alike, . The. 13 per cent. .duty, is likely to discourage' enterprise in the. way of testing now ground, \vhpims a gold: tax upon- siiceessfulminos would.only.be taking a portion of that to . | .whioh , .thq..Statq. has a . right. . The fiscal- UUliciV. ot' fcha ni'nsnul, (iDvnrnmmih nni»infnu also (lirQctly .against building ,uiul the iin-. prpvouiqut on , property. A . reasonable tax ell. lniul. such as ,was , contemplated , by the Griftith Goyoriiiiiont would liavejioon rather an.iiidueemoiit or, incentive to iitilisu laud ;. but not so the Jtax imposod by Sir -Thomas M'ilwraith iu order to protect tlie Mary borough and AArido Bay sawmillors, a tax amounting to nearly fifty per ednt. is im- IMisod upon foreign timber, which has tho effect of raising'tlio price of all tlie timber in the'-- colony. "The' -highest rate- of tariff also upon- other- building materials has tliu'uffoct of-, ifnaking a bidlding cost1 about ' one-tliird mbrb tliaii 'lt'svoidd liavo dono' under the old tariff. In addition to this, the tax upon tliii' uecossarios of -life is raising the -price j-of labor. _ The men omployod in tho building; train in Brisbane have informed tlie master builders that in three months from the date of the notices tlioy :will claim an Additional shilling per day over what they are receiving at present, owing, to tho, increased cost of living. Thus a poor but thrifty man, struggling to builil and oivn a home of liis own,-, is confronted - by the M'ilwraith tariff, and. that which might have boon possible undor the late' tariff may, in some casos be ' impossible - now. - Thus tho wage-earner is kept a rent-payer, anil necessarily a contri butor to tho capitalist who has tlio meaus to build houses. By this means tlio poor man is kept poor, and the rich man made richer, which is quite in .qqcord with the doctrines and practices' of M'llwraitliism. It must not lie, forgotten also that the effect of houseB oo3tiug more to build — other tilings boing: equal — will be to raise, rent which will of coiirso fall on the tenant'. ,'AVhero have wo in' North Queensland any counterbalancing advantages,, conferred by. tills tariff for tlio disadvantages it imposes P .Eclio answers — where ?' AVe ..look in vain. Our building imitcrials'are all iiiiportod; a groat propor tion of cur Fowl is imported, and on all we have to pay tlio' high duty, either to the government, or, tho .southern, vendor. , Our gold production is not increased, but possinly . .diminished . by . .llui .tariff;, it does - not , help, hut rather,, harms,- our bniflea'ad., sugar-planters; it is- certainly, a handicap' to the squatter, whilu it will not in . a'qy. u-y .'.stimulate the. -production of oitlier .meat or wool ; it hiudors rather than helps our green, fruit, trade with' with tho sniithqrii colonies. If , the .electors will only, think ' out for themsolvos the result of this new tariff; if they will calculate hoiy. much more it. eosts.ithqm ;tq, live now than .'under tho, lat'q ; tiriff.— one . intolligout citizen lias done so recently, aud finds the difference . 10s . per week— they will bo fully aiivo tq the unsiiititblonoss of the tariff for the North. . AVo do not say that it suits any part of the coloiiy ; but it suits the North least of all. Here without tho ghost of countervailing advantage men with frmilies have to contribute to tho Govern ment from Os to 10s per week more than under the late tariff. And there is no in- - eroaso iif wages and no increased demand ' for labor. 