ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. PLEECEMAN X ON THE FORCE. [Confided to Hugh Kaiyptus.] Wich this here bnzznm fills with pride, My heart is ttiumpinfc hard iDside, To think how much hof credit's doo To hall them gallant boys in bloo. Twas muster day hsnd how we came, Bach pleeceman with a hnprlght frame, A bold heart beatink hln his breast With pride to do hiB level best. Hall drawd hnp fair hln level line, Bach button on the brightest shine, We stood, the city's proudeBt boast, Heach man has firm has hany post. The mounted pleece hon horses grey. With trappings neat band bright and gay. Was like the Boyal Horse Guards Bloo, Hand just has bold hand just has troo. There Peters wall' he stood to heye His loved coppers filing by, Hand they could see bas he was proud Halthough he didn't think baiond. Hand Hed wards as was there elect. The General came for to blnspect Cast hover hall his heagle glance As past the troopers horses prance. Then hevery buzum halmost bust When pride came hon thim In a gust Has Gen'ral Hedwards told them clean They was the finest he had seen. Ho! I ham prowd hlndeed to be One hof the gallant comoanee— The stalwart Foot as hon parade Their shaloots to the Gen'ral made. How hoften have, we been abused, Hand by the jokers much tradooced, But now a Gen'ral, real and troo, Has vindicated hall the Bloo. A Frenoh savant is said to have discovered the means of prolonging his life and rejuve nating himself by infaeing into his own veins the warm blood of a young living animal, and he contends that he has made hiauelf ten years younger. Now, if he goes on at that rate he will in time reaoh his first ehUdhood, and then what will become of his soienoe? Imagine an infant " pnleing and pokeing in the nnrae's arms," - and yet having all the scientific attainments of a savant of sixty. A little of that rejuvenating vital fluid would go well in the Legislative Council, whereby some of the members there might be made young maidens of blushing sixteen. Take the Assembly. How wonld it do to reduoe Mr. Rowland Rees's average of—300 years or so down to say, nineteen, Think of the fresh assortment of classical quotations, and the lengthened list of famous reminisoenoes he could gather together if he had another lease of life. He would be a greater wonder than " She," pud Rider Haggard wonld be snuffed out, for R. R. can ^rawupon the imagination with a facility for the marvellous that would make Haggard sit up. There is a good deal of truth (eaya Hugh Kalyptna) in the remark miade the other day, that Adelaideans are apt to treat those who cater for their amusement on the prinoiple of ignoring a man during hiB.life and flocking to hte funeral when he ie dead. Were it not for this idiosyncrasy there wonld not be bo many failnres on the part of public per formers. It is not confined to theatricals, hcturers, and others, hot to pnblio men. Take for instance oar former popnl&r; Governor, who, whatever hie failings might be, was a very able man. as any member of the Honest Tom Ministry coald testify. Well, he oame on a visit here the other day, after winning golden opinions in Marvellous Smellboarne, bat when he stepped npon the platform at the Adelaide terminus not a oheer was raised; yet warmth of feeling was not wanting, for when he went away again the people " hoorayed and hoo jolly-rayed" till they made the rivets in the galvanized' iron roof jnmp. It is not maoh oonsolation to a man to have lots of traps and horsemen following hiB funeral, althongh perhaps it Ib some satisfaction to his ghost for him to have troops of friends when his wife's a widow, only their friendship rarely goes beyond getting their names in the newspaper paragraph anent the "planting ont of the dear departed." By the way, touching those obltnary notioes, I have often observed how extremely cordial the followers of the fnneral are to the reporter who attends to record the virtues of the defunot. As they pass in pro cession they bow and nod to the pressman with an nrbanity that is amusing when one knows that it all proceeds from anxiety not to be overlooked as being " amongst those we notioed in the ooitege," &o.; In an np-oonntry town there is a droll old Hibernian known as " Gooseberry Pat." Pat, who generally haB some big gooseberry or enormous egg yarn, has the reputation of not always adhering strictly to the truth when relating his funny stories. Pat was the oentre of an amused group the other day, whom he kept convulsed with laughter. A passer-by heard a oountryman tell him he was a good seoond-hand.pitoher, but it was a pity he did not stick to the truth always. Pat replied— " The thruth, ye's say ? Shure, me bhoy, it's moighty dangerous to till the thrnth now-a days; faith if I towld the truth about yersilf and lot more av the folks about, ye's might be aither havin' me tried for libel—and I am not the bhoy to get meself rained by telling the thruth; be jabers, no." A woithy old colonlBt was severely sat upon by a lady teacher some little time since. His daughter waB sent to this lady's school to get a thorough grounding in English, &o;„ and after having been attending the sohool some time Paterfamilas concluded that she was not making such progress as he oould wish, and that in fact she was a thorough dnnce for her age. Accordingly, he wrote a long letter to the teacher making snndry complaints about the girl's grammar, spelling, aritbmetio, &c.;, having been sorely negleoted —putting all the blame on the poor teaoher. In due course, be got what he thought was a reply, but on breaking the envelope found that it contained the letter he had sent, "returned" with every error in spelling and grammar neatly underlined with red ink. The old party took this very keenly to heart, and wrote her no more letters. Althongh he did not know it before, he now saw plainly that almost every seoond word be wrote was either bad grammar or incorrectly spelt, 