Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSBELL. Author of 'The Gilden Hope,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady Maud,' ' A Sea Queen,' ' Jack's Courtship, ' ' The Frozen Pirate,' &c.; Chapter XXV.— A PIRATICAL LAIR. The time slipped wearily and heavily away. The march of the moon was so slow that it was enough to nuke one think sometimes ehe bad come to a stand. I paced the breadth of white Band till X was weary, then «at down, nodded, perhaps dozed, sprang to my feet aga'n with a keea look towards the density of trees, which, as the moon floated westwards, stole oat black and ret blacker, till the whole block of it was like a great'staining of ink upon the liquid silver atmosphere behind, and resumed my pacing. Now and again Bliss Grant lifted her head, bride-like with the drapery of . the mosquito-curtain ; but a time came when she lay still ; and, on stepping close very softiy and peering, 1 found her eleeping peacefully, breathing gently and reguiarly, and looking the very phantom of a lovely woman under the filmy texture of the curtain, with a sort of lunar twilight sifting through the umbrageous shadow to her ont of the Eoft, golden- tinctured air where the open was. It was as if the night were bewitched, so hushed it was ; I never witnessed a movement anywhere save the black shapes of turtle crawling up the sand by the creek side or 0:1 to' the beach facing the east. How puzzled I was by the ringing of the bell, by its ceasing for the rest of the night, by nothing whatever having encountered my eye as a bint of inhabitants, by the dead repose in the little forest, witn sever a shadowy flicker anywhere about to define the flitting of a human form, I cannot express. At hist, having seated myself to rest after a considerable spell of walking, 1 fell asleep, and so lay till I was awakened by the rising ot the sun, and opened my eyes upon his blinding stream pouring aslant from three or four degrees above the horizon. I stepped to the hammock ; Miss Grant still slept, but ho sweet and fair did she look that I could not break away from watching her. My fixed gaze aroused her ; she opened her eyes suddenly, and 1 backed a step, confused, and perhaps feeling a little mean at being detected. However, she awoke with too much wondering at her own situation and the strangeness of her surroundings to imagine my lnquisitiveness or to note the admiration which I doubt not would have been perceptible in me by her clearer vision. She threw the mosquito-curtain off her, and sat erect, and exclaimed, ' Thank God, it is daylight !' looking in a restless way around her, with her hands clasped, her cheek with the hectic of slumber still on it, her beauty rich with the disorder of her hair, and the light in her eyes of transient bewildered thought that fired them like con tending passions. However, she had slept for three or four hours, and was the stronger and fresher for it. For my part, I felt so jaded and stale that every instinct in me clamoured for a plunge ; eo I trudged away past the head of the creek to the north shore, and spent ten delicious minutes amid the surf there, venturing, however, no 'further than waist-high ; for whilst undressing I had spied seawards, within musket-shot, a motionless black object, with a lean of it that made me fancy at first it was an ?: empty bottle, but which, when it flashed out on a sudden with a wet gleam,? I very promptly accepted as the dorsal fin of a shark. 1 returned to Miss Grant feeling years younger, and found her dressing her hair before an ivory handglass, which she had hung against the trunk of a tree. Well, thought 1, marooning brings about strange intimacies I Perhaps it might be married people only that a scrupu lous mutineering crew would think proper to set ashore. But it was no time for fastidious feelings, quite the wrong sort of occasion for prudery of any sort, for any kind of modesty and decorum outside the dictation of plain good sense, realising accurately the conditions of ' the situation, and admitting no other government than wholesome honest Instinct. In fact, you must be cast away with a girl to find out how artificial life is and how much fairer the virtues show for being purified by stress of obligation into artlessneas. I was for turning awav, with the idea of searching for the eggs the turtles might have laid in the night, but. ehe continued . placidly brushing the long lengths of her glowing hair, with a smile on her face as she looked at me out of the mirror ; eo I walked straight on, and set about over hauling our provisions with the idea of preparing a little breakfast for ourselves. I had taken a view of the sea from the north side, and now I searched the horizon on this, but no sail broke the shining line. At a rough guess, I reckoned that the remainder of our private stores, which had been set ashore with us by the men might with great care be made to carry us through another fortnight, helped by such food as we should find on the island. Indeed, this question of provisions did not very greatly worry me, for there was not only promise of a bountiful -supply in one direction in the shape of turtle ; there were coooanuts, also oranges in plenty, green or ripe, on the north-west side of the little forest, as I had perceived whilst I sat dry ing myself after coming out of the sea. We could count, too, on a good store of crayfish, which fortunately I knew how to catch. There were iguanas besides, delicate to the palate as spring chicken if properly dressed, though loathsome in (heir lizard form to the eye. No ! the fear of starving did not visit me, but mainly I believe because the mind resolutely shrank from the contemplation of the possibility of our im prisonment lasting long enough to render famine imaginable. The consuming thought was, How, if no ship should approach the place, were we to escape? This consideration engrossed me even whilst my mind seemed busy in reckoning up the stock of provisions, and again and again I would find myself pausing hi that work, with a dull sense of hopelessness that was a sort of distraction in its way, whilst I looked round the island wondering if it was in human in genuity to manufacture out of it any sort of floating fabric to which we might commit ourselves without the certainty of perishing by drowning. Miss Grant was full of the subject of the bell. She could talk of nothing else ; and whilst we sat at our little repast of preserved meat and sweet biscuit she was incessantly directing looks towards the wood. ' There may be people there,' she said, ' watching us all the time. I thought I saw something move when you had left me just now. We must find ont to-day if this island is inhabited. The approach of the night will be intolerable if we are to expect that bell to ring again without knowing where it is or what produces the sound.' ' I shall explore those trees ehortly,' said I ; ' let me have your pistol. With mine it will give me three shots without obliging me to reload.' She drew it from her belt, where iChad lain all night with her. I thought I would try its quality, and taking aim at a leaf that stood in clear green outline against the eky, I pulled the trigger, and the leaf fluttered slowly to the ground. The sharp ping of the pistol was followed by many hoarse cries of paroquets, and a large bird broke like a shape of burnished gold out of a dense cover of leaves in the heart of the tree at which I had fired, and sailed away towards the forest, making many hideous echoes with its discordant notes. ' An excellent little weapon indeed,' said I, going to my portmanteau for a powder-flask and reloading the pistol. ' Pity it is. not old Broadwater's blunderbuss though. The blast of that bell-mouthed engine would be the sort of bint one would like to give if there be ears yonder to receive such messages.' ' I will accompany you,' said she ; ' it is inaction and expectation mat keep me frightened.' *'? Lwd preserve you,'' eaii 1, ' look at thai growth of grass! Ton would need to be .dressed as I am to penetrate it.' Indeed, it was only too plain that nothing in the shape of petticoats and skirts could be forced, short of onefs wake after a plunge or two becoming a raffle of shreds and tatters, through the dense, coarse, bush-like herbage, which stood to the height of a man's waist among the trees. Indeed, the better to equip myself for this adventure, I laced on a pair of stout leather leggings, whilst I buttoned myself up in a short pea jacket so as to oppose the trimmest figure I could contrive to the stubborn dusky confrontment of bush and guinea-grass. Leaving her standing and watching', I walked briskly towards the trees, with the butt-end of a pistol projecting from either side-pocket and Miss Grant's weapon in my hand. Piercing as the sunlight was, the foliage was so dense, the intermingling of boughs so thickly coumlicated, whilst the trees, more over, stood so close together, that within half-a-dozen paces of the eastward opening of this little forest the green gloom lay beyond belief heavy. The obscurity brought me to a stand at least a minute, until the blinding glare of the open had gone out of my eyes and I could see plainly. Climbers and creepers of all kinds, training and coiling like serpents, added yet to the dusk by filling the spaces between the trunks with a vague showering of crimson, star-shaped blossoms. After the heat outside, the atmosphere here struck almost chill ; there was a sickly smell of rotting vege tation too, and nearly every tread of mine was upon something pulpy that' yielded to the pressure with an ugly, juicy sensation as if 'twas soddened through with centuries of black miry damp ; though maybe it was no more than a toadstool, or a frog, or a bunch of decaying fruit. Through a little cleft at wide intervals you'd catch a glimpse of the sea spreaading brimful of soft blue light to the eky, with a wild buzzing of insects coming in through the opening on a gush of hot air. I moved with a vigilant eye, crushing warily through the quickset understuff, gazing at every tree-trunk as though another step should open a figure behind it watching me. I need not deny that I felt very timid. The mere cathedral- gloom made by this dense inter weaving of greenery was almost preternatural in its way when one thought of the dazzle that was just out side. Then again, even if there should be no human beings here (o suddenly let 'By at me with a spear, or arrow, or fusil, how was I to know what savage beast lurked in this wild tangle of shadows 'r Some of the snaking branches wore the very aspect of giant serpents writhing in folds off one tree to another. Here and there fell a smoky, golden haze of sunbeam, but it only deepened the obscurity of the leafy aisles ; though had I had an eye for such matters at that time, 1 must have found something lovely beyond imagination in these dashes of soft radiance, bringing out some bunch of huge leaves, 6ome cluster of green fruit never maybe to ripen, some scarred and ragged elbow of bough, forking black through a drapery of runners and white-hearted flowers which looked to be falling like a cataract of green waters Decked with foam from the confused darkling roof of branch and foliage on high. Whether the sight of my moving figure alirmed the scores of birds amongst the trees 1 know not; but the cries, pipings, hoarse, parrot-like bawlings which broke from them fell tormentingly upon my nervous ear, that longed for peace that it might hearken for any signal of danger. I had been pushing my way forwards tor seven or eight minutes without catching sight of anything more than the flickering plumage of some strange bud here and there, with the glint on it as of a self -luminous object, as if it still carried the brightness of the sun shine it iiad been steeped in, when on my left, just fast a couple of trees whose trunks rose to their ' branches with a twist in thein which made one think of a pair of petrified boa-constrictors, 1 caught sight of a bell hanging from under a cover like the lid of a box, supported, by two stout stanchions, the whole as green as the wooden piles of a pier washed by salt water. 'That's it!' thought I. 'Come! here is discovery number one. It is a real bell anyhow !' and somewhat marvelling at the sight of such a thing, I made for it. The frame that supported it might have been a h :n dred years old, and the bell itself twice as ancient as that. The metal was green and bronzed with time and weather. I made ont some faint lingerings of what had been an inscription upon it, but the characters were in decipherable. 1 opened my knife and put the blade of it into the wood of the frame, and it was like stick ing a cheese, so damp and tinderous too was the timber, like soaked matchwood. A piece of grass line was attached to the clapper, and hung a foot below the mouth of the bell. It looked rotten, though I gave it a tug without parting it. To make sure that this was tbe same bell we had heard in the night, I struck it two or tbree times. The tone satisfied me. I also knew that Miss Grant, by hearing the notes, would conclude that I had discovered the bell. But who on earth could have rung it f I sent as penetrating a gaze as the twilight of the forest would permit in all directions, but nothing approaching human shape or signs of human life was to be seen. It was clear enough that this bell was seated in the 1 very heart of the little forest, and as I was resolved j that my overhauling of the place should be thorough, I pushed on to the western extremity of the trees, till I could see the sea opening like a great blue eye over the slope of down to the ivory of the sand ; and then worked my way with a fight for every foot I advanced, so dense, spikelike, and briery was the tangle. Again and again I paused, always* with Miss Grant's pistol ready cocked in my hand, and gazed earnestly right and left, and behind me, till I presently came to where the trees thinning gave me a view of the smaller of the two hummocks, with the herbage and trails of sand rounding north-east to the spot where we bad passed the night The daylight here lay broad, and after walking a little I came to sheer sand, with patches of grass sprouting out of it, a dump of cocoas flourishing beyond, which 'made me wonder again, for I could see no sign of soil. I halted a little while to recover my breath and cleanse my face of the sweat that poured down it. I could no longer doubt that the wood was as untenanted as the rest of the island. What hand then had rang the bell P There had been no draught of sir to stir the weight of metal in the night. The alighting of some heavy bird upon it might indeed have caused it to sway, but there was nothing living with wings the wide world over to account for tbe several sorts of peals which had rung forth — the dirge-like tolling, the quicker beat, then the mad helter- skelter clattering, and then the solemn requiem chimes again. It was enough to put the wildest thoughts into the most prosaic brains that ever mortal head carried, and I must confess to looking backwards into the dun twilight from which I had emerged with a sort of nhrinlripjr feeling hi me, and with a bit of wonder too that I should have found heart enough to carry me through the exploration with the stoutness I had exhibited. I started to walk afresh to join Miss Grant, when, having made three or four steps, forgetful perhaps of preserving the shambling gait I had need in the high grass, the point of my boot strnrk something in the sand, and down I went, measuring the whole length of me, the pistol I grasped exploding as I fell. I jumped up not a little flurried by this unexpected capsize, and on looking to see what it was that £ had lacked against, I observed a large' iron ring lying black upon the sand. I thought to pick it up, but on grasping it I discovered that it was fixed to an eye screwed or bolted into either wood or masonry hidden by the sand. I was busy in scraping, away the sand lying around about the ring with the sharp of my foot when Miss Grant arrived. ' What have you seen, Mr. Musgrave P' she cried. ' At whom or what have you fired ?' 'Oh,' said I, 'I tripped over this ring just now, and the pistol went off as I fell.' She barely glanced at the ring ; her thoughts were elsewhere. ' I heard the bell ; did vou ring it V' ' Tes,»» I replied. * ' What else did you eee amongst the trees ?' she inquired. . ' Nothing else. It 'is some old ehh's bell,' I re 1 plied, 'hanging at a kind of scaffold that might be a hundred, years old, perhaps more.' ' No man r' she asked. * ' Nothing in tbe faintest degree approaching one, black, white, or yellow,' I replied. ' But, Mr. Musgrave, who could have rung the bell then ?» ' We may yet find out. At present I have not the faintest notion. But nee here, Miss Grant ; what is the meaning of this ring r It U a fixture. There will be some sort of trap down here, or I am much mistaken. If I had but a epade now !' She looked again at the ring, and her interest came to it. She stooped and pulled at it, and then, finding it fixed, recoiled a step or two and said, ' We had better not meddle witn it. The bell is wretched enough as a nozzle. Don't let us seek fresh adventures, Mr. Musgrave.' I mused a bit. ' At all events,' said I, 'no harm can attend our seeing to what sort of arrangement the ring is secured.' There were shells of many kinds etrewn about the beach, some of them as big as dishes, sharp-edged sooueh to cut a man's head off. 1 picked up three or four, and brought them to where the ring was, and fell to scratcbJog and digging with them, Miss Grant help ing me. The shells spooned up the sand plentifully, and after working a little we laid bare what had un questionably been some small ship's batch- cover, about four feet square. On scooping yet a little at the lap ot the edges, I found that this cover rested upon a timber frame, which in its turn was doubtless steadied by piles driven into the earth under the surface of 6and. I tagged with all my might at the rine, but could not lift the hatch. Miss Grant, whoBe curiosity was now aroused, and who seemed willing that we should look a little further into this business, put her hands to the ring too, but our united efforts could do nothing with the cover. I had no mind, however, to be baulked, and after considering a while what I should do, I pulled out my knife, and, opening the saw-blade, swarmed up a tree to a stout, straight, marline-spike-looking bough that had caught my eye, and, putting my knife to it, worked away patiently till I had cut three-quarters through it, after which I sprang on to the bough and came down with it in a fall to the ground. It was as good as a handspike. 1 reeved it through the ring, using it as a lever, and, pressing it upwards with my shoulder, I so jarred and shook the hatch-cover that it was presently loose enough to lift. On removing it, I found that it had concealed a tunnel which vanished after a gradual slope of a few feet into utter blackness. Tbree or four rude steps fell in a flight to where the slope began, so that on descend ing a man needed but stoop his head to move dear of the roof of this strange cellar. I kneeled down to peer sideways into the obscurity, but saw nothing for the blackness there. An old, faint, damp sort of a smell arose. ' We had better put the cover on and go awav,' said Miss Grant ; ' there may be something horrible hidden in that grave.' ' Nothing living, at all events,' said I ; ' it is some old freebooter's lair, some ancient piratical hiding place, or I am verv much mistaken. That 6ecreted bell yonder is a part of the equipment — set up to serve as an alarm, and to signal with, and perhaps to tell the hours too. 1 must probe that hole ; there may be dis covery under our feet worth making.' ' Mr. Musgrave, you will not be so rash I What can you hope to discover— that can be, I mean, of the least use to us r' The sense of our helplessness seemed on a sudden to I smite her as a shock ; she drew a quick breath, and i seat a yearning glance along the ocean line, almost un I consciously, as one looks up to heaven in a prayer. I thought to rally her with a stroke or two of idle fancy, and said, ' Time was when many.of these Bahaman Cays were the haunts of the picaroons ; 6wift and tidy little schooners, loaded to their wars with the treasure ' of plundered galleons, came ratcnine to these secret verdant islands ; the treasure was brought ashore by the beauties who had stolen it, and buried. Occa sionally a black man was murdered, that his ghost might haunt the sepulchre in which the booty lay, and sentinel it against other marauders. Maybe it was tbe ghost of a murdered black man who rang that bell last night. Miss Grant, I give you my word I am speaking the truth. The Goodwin Sands themselves have scarce gorged more wealth in their time than the pirates and buccaneers have buried in the islands and coetajrme of these waters, though. I don't say there,' said 1, point ing into tbe square hole that looked like the mouth of a well. ' Yet, when we have made our. escape from this place, and are snug and safe in civilised quarters, should I, on recalling this secret vault, 'endure to think that I had wanted spirit enough to explore it ? Con ceive of our coming across several chests down there crammed to the lids with golden doubloons; crucifixes of the precious metal sparkling with gems, chalices which might make a Jew kneel to the Sacrament for love of the beautiful workmanship.' She smiled ; I burst into a laugh. ' No,' said I, ' my expectations are not bo high-pitched. Nevertheless, [ must take a view of that interior.' Mr. Musgrave;' she exclaimed, with a little pout and some warmth of feeling in the look she shot at me, with a droop of the lids instantly afterwards— the' most womanly touch that could be imagined, Jrith its flash of reproach and the pleading of the averted eye that fol lowed—' pray do not forget that, if anything should happen to you, I am alone.' ' IJiung in the wind, for it grieved me to give her a moment's anxiety. But unless a ship took us off it was certain that we must regard ourselves as prisoners for life, if we failed to devise some fabric for making our escape in.' It was impossible to know but that we might discover something in this cave which should prove of inestimable value to us, -even as a step towards our deliverance, and on my dwelling upon this and' assuring her that I could not imagine there should be any risk in my taking a view of the interior, her face cleared, and she seemed to agree with me ; but I could read in her that, though she had the heart of a lioness, it fell short of prompting her to offer to accompany me. I doubt if there was ever yet a woman who would have . found courage to, have entered that black hole, even though her refusal should, have cost her her lover. For my part, I felt no reluctance whatever, and yet Miss Grant was so much more heroical than I, in the truest sense ot the word, that recollection of' the dis parity tempts me almost into egotism in illustrations of my own humble doingB. . I had a parcel of sperm candles in my portmanteau — useful articles to carry to sea in those, as perhaps in these, days. I fetched and lighted one of these, and, slinging it by a length of tape, lowered it into the square to test the atmosphere below. It burned brightly. Indeed my nose had given me sufficient assurance of there being nothing wrong in that wav. Then bidding Miss Grant to remain where she was, and not to feel uneasy, I descended the steps, and, holding the candle up, took a look- ahead.. I found myself on a shelving floor of ha'rd sand and mould, walled on either side with stanchions and pieces of timber, running athwart into a slender pas sage, -which, however, opened rapidly into -an apart ment. &b; roof of which was about a head higher than my full stature. This room might be about nine feet square. Beyond it, led to by a doorway that had in ite time been screened by a curtain, as 1 gathered from the sight of a small metal pole bracketed athwart it, was a second room, black as any tomb, as you will suppose. The flame of the candle burnt bright, yet it was' but a feeble light for the illumination of such an interior as this, and I found it difficult to distinguish objecte. On the left-hand side of this first room in which I stood was a low structure of bricks, which, on approaching it, I found had served in ite time as a furnace for cooking. Over against it, suspended by nails driven into one of the beams which formed the transverse supporters of the wall, were several quaint, extremely old-fashioned cooking utensils, such as saucepans, frying- pans, a fettle, and the' like. Two or three articles of a similar description lay under them upon the ground, whence they had dropped through rotten ness of the spikes or timber, like orer-ripe fruit. On the right etood a queer rustic- looking Jable very rudf7,. made, the legs branching out like open compasses. ~ 1 had seen such tables witb villagers drinking at theni outside old rural public-houses in England. : On either hand were acoapleof high- backed chairs. I approached .the opening conducting to the inner apartment some what timorously. 1 was never a superstitious man, but them was something in the aspect of this dim, mouldy underground haunt that, affected as the imagi nation might also be at such a moment by recurrence to the mystery of the midnight bell-ringing, intent well have set the hair of a stouter-spirited man .than mine creeping and lifting upon Lie head. 1 listened atten tively ; the stillness was unutterably deep, some thing to make one think of the silence that a man interred alive might hear in his coffin. How ever, I had talked somewhat big to Miss Grant, and perhaps was in no temper to be dismayed by my own fancies ; so breaking from my posture of hearkening with a look round at the shadows flit ting to the movement of the candle in my hand, I advanced to the threshold of the second chamber and ; peered in, holding the light in advance of me. There was some furniture here, and consequently objects sufficient to excite a passing emotion of con sternation by the dark nickering, eo to speak, of several kinds of outlines. I stood staring, and presently made the chamber out to have been a bedioom. A four-post bedstead, the uprights of which, however, had been cut short to admit of their erection in this low-ceiled apart ment, stood opposite tbe entrance. The candle-light seemed to find a dull reflection in the legs of it, and on drawing near I saw that they had been gilt. It had been a very magnificent bedstead in olden times, no doubt. The feet were richly-carved figures of mer maids, the posts of ebony, with signs lingering of a once gaudy inlaying. There was a mattress upon the bed and a great bolster, along with a huge, coarse, dark rug. Slung by straps to the wall were several firelocks of the pMtenfthe buccaneers of the 17th century were wont to level, and the like number of pistols, all nearly of the dimensions of a fowling-piece of our time. There was also a small array of broad swords and hangers, some fallen, having rotted from tbe straps by which they had hung. I spied a small chest in one corner, of black oak, and walked to it, having by this time got rid of my timidity. I opened il — let me admit, with a pulse accelerated by expecta tion— and holding the candle close, looked in ; but alas ! instead of massive treasure, the chest contained nothing m*re than a quantity of fishhooks of various sizes, a ball or two of rotted cotton-thread, and thicc or four parchment- like rolls, which proved to be charts, of which the tracings were rendered indistinguishable by dirt and mildew. The side of this cavernous chamber where the chest stood was papered, as it were, with a sort of loose hangings. I had not noticed this but for their swaying to the little current of air waf fed by my moving the'lid of the box. This drapery was of yellow silk, covered with strange devices wrought in black, but time or damp had obliterated so much of tlio figuration, whilst my candle gave forth so uncertain u light, that it was impossible to make a guess at the nature of the designs. Here, too, were a couple ol black wood stools, the legs showing traces of gilding, and a circular steel mirror cut in facets, iso ?'tarfeishetl that I viewed it for some time without knowfng^what it was. Whilst 1 was gaziog around me lost in wonder, but with a tolerably clear conception of the character of this subterranean dwei ling-place, my eye was taken by a faint reflection directly amidships of the roof, and on elevating the candle £ observed that a large frame of glass had been let into the ceiling, every pane lozenge shaped. It wus indeed like a skylight on a Bhip's deck. I jpassed into the- first room, and observed the same contrivance there. The sight of these windows gave me an idea, and' I at once stepped; into the shelving corridor and mounted tbe steps, blinking like an owl at the brilliant morning blaze. . ; ' Oh, Mr. Musgrave,' cried Miss Grant, ' I wae afraid you would never' return ! I have been expecting every instant to hear the report of your pistol. What have you seen? Oh, something, 1 do nope, that will explain that bell- ringing last night.'' ' What I have seen you shall presently see,' said I. t ' It is as snug a. two-roomed dwelling-house as one could wish, a bit mouldy perhaps, but a tidier lodging than a tiee anyhow. There will be two windows under the sand here. Bow will they bear now ?' ' Two windows ! ' she exclaimed ; and there was litt'e to wonder at in her surprise either, fot the sand trended smooth to the dense thickets of herbage, where the trees vent huddling into the forest as though it were formed of the quicksilver which the metal dazzle of it — like the fiery points of new tin flashing back the sun— made it resemble ; and it needed something more than imagination to enable one to. conceive of such a thing as a window having anything to do with this surface of coral, almost powdery, softness. After pondering a minute, I walked to the spot, shells in hand, where 1 reckoned the window of the kitchen underneath to be situated, and fell' a scraping ; and when I had made a hole about a foot and a half deep, the edge of ~the shell ecratched crisply over something polished. This proved to be a frame of glass. Mis6 Grant stood beside me, looking on, scarcely understand ing what I was at, whilst 1 shovelled away with a couple of big shells, tossing the sand aside as a child digs for sport on the sea-shore, until I had laid bare a good space of the skylight. It was easj work, for the admixture of soil was too trifling to give much density and weight to the Band ; yet it. took me near an hour to lay bare the first skylight I found it formed, as 1 had previously conjectured, of the frames of some vessel's skylight, but of a vessel that had been afloat in an age when, as 1 supposed, shipwrights were here and there to be found willing to embellish the fabrics they launched with lozenge-shaped windows in the deck fittings. The frames lay flat, like the cover of a hatch, solidly overlapping the edge of a timber casement. . With the help of the handspike I had manufactured, I prized one of the frames out -of ite fixings, which had been tautened by wet running sand into a kind of cement, then with my hands tore it bodily up. The high sun struck full through tbe opening ; Miss Grant peered down. ' It is a room!' she cried. - ' Tea,' said I, ' and it will furnish us with the sort of asylum we stand in need of nntil-the moment of our : deliverance arrives.' ' You do not intend that we should sleep down there?' she exclaimed, flushing to the startling thought, whilst her eyes brightened with the dread in her. ' You shall judge for yourself presently,' sa;d I, laughing. '? Sleep in such a hole as that !' Bhe cried, with her white forefinger dramatically pointing downwards, and a fine impetiousness in the pose of her figure springing as it were out of a sort of pasting indignation at my suggestion. ' Why, Mr. Musgrave, supposing the ' man that rung the bell last night should discover that we were underground ; he might put the covers on these holes, and then — and then — ' ' We should be buried alive,' said I ; ' only there is no man here, so I am not afraid.' ' Who rung- the bell (hen V' she asked. ' No man,' I'll swear,' I answered, ?' unless he be endowed with some mystic power of converting himself into a bush or tree at sight. Indeed I hope we may not be able to find out who did ring the bell,' I continued, sending a look at the ocean, ' for I should like to be taken off at once, at this very minute indeed. But if we are forced to tarry we shall solve the mystery, depend upon it. There's another window somewhere to be cleaned, Miss Grant,' £ 'continued, speaking cheerfully, 'and when that's done I'll show you so quaint and surprising a curiosity in the shape of a piratical lair, that if I had it within reach of the millions of Great Britain, I should- make a fortune in a month by exhibiting it at a shilling a head. But how goes the hour ?' 1 looked at my watch : it was after 11\. 'It is time,' said I, 'to take a peep at the eea from the hummock. Pray God some gleam of canvas may be showing.' She refused- to remain until I returned, and so we went together. I must own to finding her most fasci nating when she was most timorous. In her fearless moods she seemed to be withdrawn to a distance from ujs, tw to E]-CHk ; but her manner grew tenderly ding ing when she was nervous. She passed her hand through my arm as we walked away, giving a glance over her shoulder at the dark square of hatch npon the sand, with an unconscious pressure of her fingers upon my sleeve. It was strange that she who had sat calm in the presence of the body of the murdered mate, who bad confronted with wonderful composure the most threatening and malignant experiences.-^ the;Voyage, should tremble at a black hole in the sa«^\and at my proposal to tenant a lodging which would pTrotect us at least from the dews of heaven, from the sting of the mosquito, and from the jaws of the land-crab. But may not one read of a field-marshal fainting at sight of a mouse ? It might not have needed more than a spider on her petticoat to wring a wilder screech -, from Joan of Arc than ever the stake extorted. One is ' Borry to say it— but it is true, nevertheless — that it is in the weaknesses of human nature that one finds its lovableness, There was nothing in sight. I searched with a ship wrecked eye, but the brim of the ocean ran in an unbroken sweep of blue to the mirroring of. the sun. The heavens were cloudless, not the faintest feather of vapour in tbc whole spacious dome from its azure at the horizon to its brassy central glare. The heat would have been unendurable but for the shelter of the wide umbrella under which we both stood. The faintest draught of air was stirring, sometimes expiring to let the fiery buzzing of the island swing tingling to the ear, then floating afresh, hot as a fold of atmosphere from a furnace, driving {he -sound of the feverish concert back. The atmosphere trembled to the drawing of the sun ; branch and tree and every spear of grass, the slim length of the cocoa to its tufted head, the plumed arch of the palm, the great drooping leaf of the wild cotton- tree, faintly writhed upon the sight, till you thought you could 'see the mass of tropic vegeta tion growing— with many a crackling noise as of growthe rent by the roasting glare cleaving the shrill, tierce humming with a strange and startling edge of sound. Miss Grant brought her eyes away from the sea, and looked at me as we stood close together under the shade of the umbrella. '' What is to become of us ?' .'he exclaimed thoughtfully, without expression of alarm or deject'on. ' We must trust to God and to our own energy,' I replied, 'and above all keep our hearts up. Some means of escape, if nothing comes from outside, will suggest itself, Meanwhile, we have abundance of fresh Hweet water, there is no fear of our lacking food, and we have found as decent a lodging as marooned people have a right to expect.' She signed and tried to smile, but you saw she could get no comfort out of the thought of the lodging. ' Our health is good, and one wish, at least of yours is gratified — wo are not sepa rated,' 1 know not in what sort of tone I may have uttered this last, but I noticed that her eyes fell at the close of my epcech, her white teeth shone over her under-lip to the' just breathless, biting of it, and then she said in her purely natural manner, 'And we must not be separated, Mr. Musgrave, until— until— I mean you ought not to undertake anything rash— such as ex ploring tombs, for instance.' 1 smiled and said, '.'-?A/irouthful of something to eat will not hurt us, and I am pining for a long draught of yonder cold bubbling brook. Afterwards- we will have another look at the tomb, as you call it. Only think of. . a kitchen ready-made to our hands ! We shall be having turtle-soup to-morrow, and delicate fricassee of iguana. There are some plantains 'tother side 'there, past that hump of green, along with an orange-tree or two ; and, with patience, Miss Grant, we may even yet see our way to a fruit-pie.' ' Oh dear, Mr. Musgrave,' she cried, with an almost hysteric laugh, and an eloquent impassionrd toss of her hands that could only have come to her with her mother's blood, 'if we could bnt have foreseen all this in London when we were talking over the voyage ! ' 1 fancy she read the thought that was in my mind at that moment ; and to rescue myself, I said, but per haps too sedately, ' It will make a thrilling story for you to entertain Alexander with.' ' Ah, poor dear old boy !' she exclaimed, taking my arm as before, and we walked to the spot where the luggage lay. (To be continued.) 