AMUSEMENTS. -2 "MACBETH" AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. The galleries of the Theatre Royal overflowed into the stalls on Saturday night, and the dress circle into the orchestra chairs, before the crush of theatre-goers who assembled to watch the first-night performance of '* Macbeth." The gathering was large, even for a Saturday night audience and those who dispute the assertion that Shakespeare in Sydney sports ruin to theatrical managers, might have found in the overflow- ing house a convincing argument in their favour. Shakespearian drama requires good acting and lavish outlay for scenic effects and accessories, and where those, of the promise of these are apparent the theatre-going public of Sydney have always shown their willingness to cordially recognise any attempt to popularise the work of the great dramatist. Apart from the play itself two good reasons for Saturday night's demonstration wore the final effort of Mr. Warner, and the re-appearance, after an absence from the stage of nine years, of Miss Augusta Dargon. Nine years ago Miss. Dargon filled Sydney theatres with appreciative audiences who came to witness her magnificent elocutionary displays, and the brisk rattle of applause that greeted her appearance on Saturday night showed that theatre-goers here still preserve a vivid recollection of her talent. As to the play itself, little need be added to what has been so often said. Hazlitt ranks it among the four great plays of Shakspeare. Hallam regarded it as the most sublime and impressive drama which the world has ever behold. "A drama of gigantic crime and terror, relieved by the most magnificent imagina- tive expression," another critic says of this rugged masterpiece of the greatest of dramatists. And all writers have paid their tribute to the j£»cliyleau grandeur of its tragedy. this monumental drama is built upon the slender basis of a simple passage or two in Holinshead's Chronicle, published in 1877, and it has been the task of a masterful genius to compose its primitive elements of crude horror into that absorb- ing study of the psychology of a great crime, which is presented in this archetypal tragedy of " Macbeth " as we now know it. This is announced as the last place in which Mr. Warner will appear in Sydney, so that the cordial welcome accorded him as be stopped before the foot I lights may be taken as a well-earned recognition of the | merit of the actor who has presented us with such a remarkable round of performances since he has been in Sydney. He has played in such on astonishing diversity of parts that it would be idle to expect an even measure of success in all and it is quite easy to understand that this rapid succession of fresh pieces that Australian audiences demand, is not calculated to do as much justice to a player us the opportunities that offer elsewhere of creating a character and playing it night after night for one, two, or three years, without a break. But if Mr. Warner has been rather severely taxed in this s a y since he came amongst us, it must be conceded that he has come very well through the ordeal, and this the good taste of the audience on Saturday evening was not slow to acknowledge. Mr. Warner has given us im- personations that have been better than his " Macbeth." But while conceding this much to criticism, it is right to add that there were touches of characterisation in his performance on Saturday that equalled anything in the best he has given us. That " wildness of imagination that Ilaalitt speaks about does not receive at his hands, perhaps, all the justice that might be looked for, but so far as the same critic's " tumultuous vehemence of action " is concerned, there is very little wanting about the "Macbeth" of Mr. Warner. It is perhaps in this superabundance of action and emotion that the real fault of his impersonation lies, and in no place was this absence of artistic reserve more noticeable on Saturday evening than in that part of the murder -scene where the passage with Lady Macbeth occurs. The character of Macbeth here seems to call for the nervous study of highly-wrought tragic intensity rather than for Mr. Warner's state of utter hysterical collapse. The womanish sobbing of Mac- beth on his wife's arm is more ludicrous than tragic. It might be objected, too, that in the postages when the ambitious Thane argues with his honour against the treason to which his masculine consort urges him a soliloquising manner, after the fashion of Mr. AVorner'a vary scholarly impersonation of Hamlet, is by no means well adapted to the pourtrayal of that internecine war of the emotions and psychological conflict of the man who in the very act of murder finds his instincts record before the treason against one who " Hath borne his faculties to meek, hath been So clear in his great office that his virtues Will plead like angels, trumpet tongued, against The deep damnation of his taking off," As a set-off against this, however, nothing could be much finer than Mr. Warner's playing in such passages as that in the banquet scene, where the ghost of Banquo appears, where a rush of passion contend with terror, and the player has an opportunity of utterly abandoning himself to the vehemence of his part, and again, in the parenthesis which follows the first disappearance of Banquo, at the passage .. Blood hath been shed ere now, 1 the olden time ; Ere human statute purged the general weal ; five, and men, too, numbers have been performed Too terrible for the ear. The times have been That when the brains were out the man would die, And there an end : but now they rise again, With twenty mortal numbers on their crowns, And push us from our stools. This is more strange Than such a number li." Perhaps the most artistic touch in the whole repre" sentaUon came at that point where his wife's death is announced to Aluobeth-when at the cry of the women he breaks off in that rattling passage where he bids his retainers " hang out their banners on the outward wall," to bring out a strong effort of dramatic contrast against the rapid action of the moment in the apostrophe " To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time ; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death Out, out, brief candle 1 Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more." the " Lady Macbeth " Miss Dargon had a highly congenial part. Those who half dreaded to find her talent for the declamation of set pieces insufficient to carry her through a lengthy effort of dramatic characterisa- tion were only half disappointed. It was natural that some sign should be apprized of the want of practice for so many years ; but this was a feature for which her audience were ready to make a much more generous allowance than her impersonation called for. Miss Dargon has not the stature of the siddons like queens of tragedy, but she has power and dramatic force, and the faculty of concentration and reserve, with easy action and flowing gesture, and it might be doubted if many of the more famous tragedienne of stage history could have carried her magnificent robe of plush and ermine with much more dignity. In the murder scene she was at her very best, and the passages where she alternately flatters her husband's ambition, and upbraids his vacillation, were finely and dramatically rendered. The keynote of her conception was effectively struck in the passages that follow the receipt of Macbeth's letter, and from this point Miss Dargon on Saturday night carried her audience with her. The banquet scene, with its denunciation of Maobpth's terror at the apparition of. Banquo, and the " law and starts " which I <* would well become A woman's story, at a winter's fire, Authorised by her grandma," offered an opportunity for more excellent work. One point in which the real merit of Miss aarons playing was well shown was noticeable in the way she brought out a side of the character of Lady Macbeth, which a conception of its undaunted mettle" too often over- rides. This is found in the contradictory strain of genuine womanly sympathy with her husband and his miseries of remorse, that underlies all her fierceness. It is this delicate shadowing of the harsher side of her masculine temperament with this trait of pure woman- . liness that gives psychological interest to the character as Shakspeare has turned it, and this feature in Miss Dargon rendition was well brought out. The sleep- walking scene was not, on the whole, such a success ; but as the player recovers her stage practice, doubtless the interpretation here will be more equally sustained. Of the other players it is not necessary to say much. Mr. H. H. Vincent, as Macduff, played his' important part excellently well, and the passage that accompany his reception of the-news of his children's slaughter was given in such a way as to deserve the applause it obtained. Mr. Albert Marsh did Banquo a fair amount of justice, and Mr. Flemming gained some applause in the character of Malcolm. The other parts were given evenly, and the performance as a whole gave evidence of careful rehearsal, though if a powerful scene is not to be sacrificed " the cream lace look " must be induced to exhibit more activity than he showed in making his appearance on Saturday night. The setting of the play is fairly effective. A good deal of careful attention has been paid to the accessories, and the historic unities are well presented as to costumes and appointments. The inert used attention which is being given to this kind of detail adds largely to the pleasure of theatre-goers and the success of these historic pieces. The scenery is appropriate, and in some places highly effective. The view of Macbeth's castle with its garRoylod battlements, the red light of the torches under the heavy masonry of the archway, and the misty perspective of ravine fike distance among the hills- convoys a realistic picture of the rude and feudal character of the time. The banquet scene, too, with its massive pillars and its spini-Larbario pomp, was well arranged-though the actual apparition of Banquo is better warranted by stage tradition than by either the text or the sense of that part of the drama. The castle scene at the death of Duncan is not so effective as we have seen it set on the same boards. When Miss Genevieve Ward played the part of Lady Macbeth here some years ago the broad stone staircase, with the flashing lightning, and the appearance of the witches against the oriel window, lent a breadth and weirdness to the episode that were lacking on Saturday night. The scenes with the witches were strikingly characteristic, however, and Locke's music was carefully ren- dered while the playing of Messrs. King and Deering and Miss' Ada Ward and her companion was is harmonious keeping with the trade of this part of the play. a 