©rumba Sol. Fine. Searle. Cloudy. Sleighing. Parliament. Clearing up. Both Houses. Oroya arrived. Spring returned. Everard's bequests. Dr. Keith Falconer. Summary on Monday. Twelve lengths easily. .Lord Dunlo basleft ns. Torrens' ghost is about. Late sitting in Assembly. General Edwards comln?. Deep drainage for Norwood. Is a Va'idatfug Act necessary ? The Binfc looked fall last night. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*99. A.U.P. Society got at for £2,500. Australia retains the blue ribbon. Dock Companies getting an advantage. Orient mail-steamer in early this week. Mr. Gillies a rigid Presbyterian—Ha! ha! . The. Sunny South produces aquatic giants. The latest seaside sensation—sleigh- riding. Mora luxuries for Norwood and Kensington. . . Knocked the Canadian out with ridioulous «ate. \- ••An"Englishman" wants it all hia own way. ' Who is Health Officer to Fort Corporation now f Victorian Assembly turned into a poultry show. figging on the poor Parliamentary punsters. No Parliament on Thursday on aocouut of the Show, Co no try cousins and children on the rollers Thursday. Where is the aquatic pride of the Thames and Tyne? Laymen are jealouB of injuring the Real Property Act. xhey don't know everything at Putney about sculling. American Bongs of praise forthe Australian lady- bug—Oh,! The Dock Companies have thrown an apple of discord. Licensed victuallers preparing for the coming struggle. Why farmers leave South Australia is explained elsewhere. Some constituents find in two members a doat and antidote. The non-commissioned Parliamentary Commission have returned. The great Liberal party has never failed in any reform it has taken up. HiB Kxoellency will eoon rival Dr. 'SchombuTgk with his titles. How many thooBand gallons of water does it take to play the city organ ? A New Zealand billiard- marker wanted to inherit £30,000. Just his luck. Charges on the warrant do not caver more than £150.000. Oh! is that all ? Government must climb down about that fital Property Act appointment. • The greatest living KngliHhman slightly differs from " An Englishman" here. Why cannot Mount Gambler potatoes take the bis prioes in the London market ? 8iw rose at 6.6 a.m.; sets at 5.47 p.m. Moon set,at £ 40 a.m.; riseB at 6.30 p.m. Mr. Gilmore might sit in the House of Commons, but not in our marble palace. Chinese not to get at the Viotorlan Governin eat over tEe new duties—not egg-sactly. There is only one daah (—) to be found in the Bible, and that is in Exodus xxxii. 32. The Prince of Wales is aaid to speak French best of all the Royalties of Europe, Yes, Mr. Boothby, the Aot applies to damage to wharfs aa well as to vessels afloat. It is stated that a German Protestant Bishopric of Jerusalem will soon be established. Broken Hill chiefly remembered on the Estimates in connection with gaol accommodation. Hard lines for that clergyman to die and leave £1,400,003. Might have done some good with it. Tattersall's Race, and Norwood and Port Premiership Match, October 5—which will draw most ? Parsons and pilferers are not fit company for our legislators—one too good, and the other too bad. City Council want free water for the Town Hall organ. Mayor Shaw supplieB the other beverages free. There are no fewer than 50 young Siamese in London, all students in one or other of the liberal professions. New York is to have a full length statue of Dickens—to be probably executed by Prince Hohenlohe. Leopard skins are being worn with the officers' saddlery on the Princess of Wales's Own Hussars instead of the lambs' skinB. Quotation for September 10 :— Doing is tfae great thing For if, resolutely, people do what is rieht, in time the; come to like doing it.—Riitkiu. In the United Kingdom there are 14,619 Bands of Hope and other Juvenile Temper ance Societies, with a membership of 1,800,000.' The annual savings of America are £210,000,000, exoeeding those of the United Kingdom by £30,000,090, and those of Francr by £70.000,000. A consular report says that in Paris alone over 16,000 horses are slaughtered for food every year, and of this quantity two-thirds are used for sausages. When the cool season arrives the British ' roopb are to march overland from India over tbeold Burmese frontier, through the net* teiritories to Mandalay. . A Dundee man has patented an improve J • beck loom, by which it is olaimed that six bhuttlfs can be worked instead of three, si in the looms at present in use. Mr. Gladstone considers yew the most . difficult tree to fell; next oome beech and ash. Oak, though very hard, fella well; but the easiest of all is Spanish oheBtnut. The greatest snuff-taking country in the world is France, though it Bhowa a deoline in the habit. In 1869 the consumption was 13,C0Q,COO lb., or 7 oz. per head. Now it is 5 ex. Mr. Spnrgeon is fifty-five. Dr. Parker fiftynine, Kev. Newman Hall seventy-two, Dr. Fairar, fifty-six. Dr. Maclaren sixty-three \- Dr. Talmage fifty-six, and Mr. Moody fifty, two. Mungo Park, the famous African explorer, was born at FowlshielB, near Selkirk, near the confluence of the Yarrow and the Ettriok, ' near the border of Roxburghshire, Scotland September 10,1771. Louis IV., of Fnuce, eornamed D'Outremer (beyond the sea) on account of his having been brought up in England, died, like William the Conqueror, from a fall from hi* horse, September 10.954, aged S3. In spite of the cheapness of labour and o' Japan producing raw cotton, Japanese yarns are still an average of 2d. per lb. dearer than the British yarns at the port of entry, and about 3d. dearer than the Indian yarns. Crouch, the composer of "Kathleen Mavourncen," appears to be atlll in the land of the living, Not long ago he sang his song at a concert given in Portland, Maine, showins: the vigour of fifty at the age of eighty. The Bengalis have at last got a matrimonial journal. It is called the Prejapati, and is ^published in Murshedabad. It contains lists of marriageable boys and girls, with full descriptions oi their age, personal appearance, education, caste, and other qualifications. If the reader has never heard of Queen Maud of England perhaps he will allow our historical Crumbman to nnbutton the keeper's peepers thusly:—Maud, or Matilda, Empress of Geimany, daughter of Hemy I. and mother of Henry II. of England, died September 10. 1167. Her royal father at his death in 1135, nominated her as bis successor, bnt during her absence her cousin Stephen usurped th« f (iron Jn 1139 she arrived in England with a I me army, defeated Stephen and was «toknowJ<-(itEcd by the Parliament as Queen «•' Krplanrf in 1141. But Stephen afterwards de f < -tt-d Mvtid, and having driven her from tut Kingdom was reinstated cn the throne. 