THE STORYTELUB PRINCESS AND SPY, OB' BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. BY JAMES S. BORLA8E. CHAPTER XII. A GOOD TUBN THAT DIB NOT DESERVE ANOTEEB. When the Police Minister had taken his departure the. Princess almost wholly broke down. 'When that man has done with me he will kill, me,' she moaned to herself. ' Can the Czar know half his villainy P Never, never. The Emperor is a. humane and merciful man. Though he has been so short a time -upon the throne all his subjects know that as by instinct. He would even free the poor serfs if he dared, but he is surrounded by the creatures of his stern father, Nicholas, and he- sees with their eyes and hears with their ears. I wonder would the Emperor stand my friend were I to be tray to him all the rascality^of his Police Minister! Nothing but the deadliest peril should drive mo to such hazardous action — nothing but fear of .the knout or of Siberia. And, besides, I must first get the Prince in my power, for at present it is I who am in his. My word against his word and I should go to the wall. Oh, God ! It would be to the whipping post, and to Siberia afterwards. The Empress, too, is my enemy. She said that if I appeared at another Court ball dressed as I was at the last I should be turned, out of the palace and never enter it more. As if God would have made us so beautiful if it had been intended that we should hide our most glowing charms. Why don't they coyer all the flowers in a conservatory, showing only the leaves? It would be no greater insult .to the handiwork of the Creator — nay, to. my mind, not so great a one. Oh! I would almost sell my soul to get Prince Gol goroukis into my power ! The beautiful Princess had arrived at this point in her thoughts rather than of her utterances, when one of the many doors of the room was violently-thrown open, and in rushed a young girl 'with .streaming hair and flashed ana excited face, who, although . she' was dressed in the picturesque 'costume of a Russian titled. lady's personal attendant or wait ing-maid, the Princess immediately recog nised to be the shipbuilder's daughter. . The fair girl on perceiving . that the room she had entered was occupied, was about to beat a hasty and precipitate re treat, when the Princess ' said to her kindly — ' 'You seem to be in terror, but wky should you fear me ?' ' Oh,-I do not. I do not fear you, now that I look upon your sweet face andhear your kind words. Can you befriend me without incurring any risk yourself?' 'Tell me ho-v you wish to be assisted, and I will answer you candidly.', ' Can you help me to escape from this dreadful house, and restore me to ray dear father's armsP Oh, if you but can and will, I will bless you for ever more.' ' I might be able to connive at your escape to my own palace ; but, if you attempted to quit it, or hold any com munication with your parent until I told you it was safe to do so, you would in volve me in considerable peril.' ' Oh, I would rather die than injure one who had helped me to escape from out this terrible'iplaco. I will do exactly as you bid me, dear lady ; but, oh, do not let your gentle. heart lead you into, un known dangers! Rather will I pursue my flight, guided by blind chance, as it has been hitherto.' ' Chance will never get you outside the palace of the Minister of Police,' said the Princess, almost smiling in spite of her self 'at the simplicity of the young girl's remark. 'But I think , that I can doit, and rather help myself out of danger than plunge myself deeper into it by the act. ..Not a moment .is to be lost. Don this bonnet and mask (taking up those that lay . on the sofa), now this long jacket. No; on second thoughts you shall have one of my own, for I have two on. That's it. Now, open and enter in at that door ; pursue the passage until you come to another door, which will yield to your pressure, for I did not lock it after me as I came through. You will then be out of the Police Minister's palace and in the Orphan and Foundling Asylum. Bo leisurely and collected in all your movements then, or you may ex cite suspicion. Follow others, and you will soon reach the portico. Walk slowly forth into the street, and do not ask the way to' the Princess Olga's palace until you have crossed the Nevskoi, and passed the Cathedral of St. Isaac on your left. You speak French? Good! So does my new maid Lota. Ask for her when you reach my palace, and tell her that you are a compatriot and a milliner, and that I ordered you to wait my arrival in my dressing-room. Can you remember all that P' ' Oh yes, every word of it. I will not make a single mistake. On your return you must try and' toll me how I can show my gratitude by deeds as well as words,, for the latter mHst utterly fail to express my feelings.' ' Very well;- 1 will : afford you many an opportunity for the exercise of ; both, but now go, for the gravest perils may hang on an instant's delay, You must not turn out of your road to visit your father's, remember that above alt things. Were you so tempted you would as suredly fall again into the snare, and en sure your destruction along with my own.' ' The thought of the latter possibility would alone restrain me. Farewell !' An'd the door had closed behind Ada Bayard's receding form whilst the softly ? whispered word of adieu still trembled on her rosebud lips. Directly she had gone the Princess Olga sank upon the crimson velvet couch in an assumed swoon. ' The Prince said more than enough to me to make a woman with nerves of steel faint away. Thank heaven, I believe T am pale as a corpse with terror, and that will make my condition seem all the more natural. I have just gambled for a great stake, but I believe that it will save rather than destroy me. I must play my remaining cards with caution, how ever, tor I have an Argus-eyed and hundred-armed antagonist.' This was the current of her thoughts as she lay limp and prone on the sofa. She was too sharp-witted to assume any grace of attitude. She even suffered her head to hang most uncomfortably down over the edge thereof, and an over turned chair seemed to testify how she had reeled across the' room ere she fell senseless at last. The Princess Olga should have been an actress. She had lain in the painful and con strained position that we have just de scribed only, a couple of minutes when the Police Minister again enterod the apartment, with a most portentous frown upon his brow. . He took in the position of matters at a glance, and a sneer curled his lips. He stalked across thb room until he came alongside the couch, and there fold ing his arms, he for a few instants con templated the prostrate woman. Then he turned round and took up a long, sharp- pointed bodkin off the table. He chuckled grimly as he punctured a little hole in his thumb and watched a globule of blood balance itself, as it were, thereon and gradually grow bigger. The chuckle caused the Princess to raise her white eyelids the millionth part of an inch and take a surreptitious glance through her long fringed ashes. What she saw by no means reassured her, though she could not make it out. She was destined not to remain for long in ignorance, however. The Prince bending over her, gently undid the fastenings of her long sealskin and sable jacket, and laid back the flaps on either side. This proceeding revealed her plump and well-rounded bust, to all appearances almost' bursting asunder a tightly-fitting velvet bodice. The Police Minister began to move the point of the stiletto or bodkin lightly over it, as though uncertain whereabouts he should thrust it in ? ' ''? How could tho terrified girl restrain her, chest from begining to heave tumul tuously when lying there in anticipation of keen torture ? Presently she felt the point of the stiletto penetrating her dress, and nature could _ restrain ' itself no longer. She screamed aloud. ' See, it is bloodless !' said the Princo immediately holding the point of the little instrument up before her now wido-open eyes. ' Your fears alone cried out, and a woman in a swoon has no fears because she is unconscious. Now, get up and tell me for what reason you tried to play oft' thiSifool's trick upon mo?1 ' Perhaps out of mere curiosity, to dis cover whether you had a single spark of man's chivalry and pootry in your nature,' replied tho beautiful Princess, bursting into a flood of tears, for her terror had by now increased tenfold. She knew that the discovery of her swoon being a sham one would make it appear far more probable to tho astute Police Minister that she had helped Ada Bayard to escape, than if she had received him on his return to tho saloon seated calmly in a chair. Her hope had been that when- Ada's escape was discovered, and perhaps with it the probability that she had passed through that very apartment, she would hare been able to adduce the fact of her swoon as the cause why she had not seen her enter or go out. She felt that she was now standing on the. very brink of an awful procipieo, with the ground giving way under her feet. .She had contemplated by, a bold and daring stroke getting the upper hand of her grim employer., and now she felt almost checkmated instead) foolmated even ! 'Well,' said the Prince, 'do I now seem to you very like a man ?' ' ~So, more like a demon than ever,' laughed the Princess in very recklessness, 'And I have only to add that I await your demonship's orders.' ' You must first receive my demonship's advice. Never try to deceive me again, even in triflos, or you will dearly ruo it.' Secondly, do not repeat the folly of this morning. I allude to the privato business that you endeavored to transact at tho railway terminus. You are entrusted with your exceptional powers for the public weal, not for your private gratifi cations. Another such false step and you are dismissed the service as an unprofit able servant, and we do not pension such ; we provide them with a sphere of employ to which their capabilities are better fitted — in Siberia. ' I will remember all that you say ; in deed I will. I will never offend again. No, no, never ! And now, dear Prince, your orders ?' 'You. shall reoeive them to-night; at your own palace. I will do myself the ?honor of paying you an evening visit. Not on affairs of gallantry, but on those of State. Why does your Highness turn sopalep' : ' ? ' This has been a somewhat trying, in-. ' terview. Am I at liberty to depart P My self, my_ poor palace, and everything that is therein are completely at your High ness's disposal. Have you any further commands !' 'Yes. You understand English? Good! Take yourself off home, then, and when there, open a Shakspeare, and read ' Tho Taming of the Shrew.' It will convey to you a good and useful lesson, and further more, amuse you till I come. No braid ing of the hair or putting on of apparel for my sake, mind, for it will be only so much time thrown away,' and the Prince ironically bowed his visitor out of tho room. CHAPTER XIII. KUNMING- THE GAUNTLET OP MANY PEEILS. Ada Bayard, masked and wrapped, fol lowed implicitly the directions that the Princess Olga had given her, and soon found herself free in the streets of the capital, and threading them, to her joy, without attracting observation; quilted masks being no uncommon face-covering in Russia in the middle of winter. Then1 utility was indeed soon revealed to her in a very practical and yet ludic rous manner, for presently sho beheld a helmeted, grey greatcoated soldier pick up a handful of snow and, rushing up to a bare-faced peasant woman (we employ the adjective in its literal sense), begin to rub her blue nose therewith with all his might. Ada was inclined to regard this act at first as one of wanton cruelty, but sud denly she remembered having once read that this was a kind of delicate attention paid by Russians to each other.whenover a nose or ears were observed to bo freez ing—an attention that, bestowed in time, saved the positive loss of those useful and occasionally ornamental features. Ada .had just reached the immense Nerwinski Strasse, in the centre of which, from an enormous block, almost hill, of granite rises the equestrian statue of Peter the Great, the horse trampling underfoot a serpent, which is supposed to be typical of the barbarism that that monarch raised the Empire out of (though for the sake of accuracy he should have been represented as gilding the scaly monster, not destroying it), when she had to stay her footsteps to allow a sleigh to pass her. In it was seated a tall, dignified man, wearing a brazen helmet and swathed in costly furs, who seemed to regard her in tently as he sped by. Ada did not notice that he appeared to carry a stream of life and bustle with him, or that many people fell on thoir knees and bowed their brows to the very snow as he passed them by ; and she was about to continue on her course when sho felt herself tapped on the shoulder and brought to a standstill. She looked round, aud beheld a man in the dress of an ordinary policeman (the executive, not the secret), who frowning' ominously, said something to her in. Russian in stern and angry accents. Even in her terror Ada could hardly help' smiling as the thought occurred to her how like ho was, in his flat glazed cap and long ulster-shaped grey greatcoat, reaching to his very heels, to the wooden representations of Noah, or either of his three sons, to be found in the orthodox toy ark. As she could not understand a word that he said, sho intimated as much to him in French, which she thought would be a safer language than English. In=the same tongue he immediately re ioined, ' Who are you that allows our father the Emperor to pass you bv with out an obeisance P' 'I was not aware that it was the Em peror,' answered Ada. ' I have just come from France. I am employed at a milli ner's shop in the Nevskoi. I have been out on business errands, and I am so nearly frozen that I hardly know what I am about. Oh, please forgive me this time/ ' Ignorance is not a crime ; you may go in ?peace,' was the response in as good French as her own, and the hand was lifted1 from her shoulder at once. ' How fortunate that he did not ask me to show my face or question me more particularly as to where I was employed, or whither I was going,' thought Ada to herself, as she hurried along still direct towards tho goal. The reader may also wonder why the Russian policeman was so obtuse ; why, at the very least, he did not make her lift her mask and reveal her face. He did not do so for the simple reason that there was no need. He knew her voice. He had listened to it for too long a time a couple of nights previously, with his ear against a little hole in the partition between two opera boxes, to have forgotten it already. It was, in short, Ivan Reyloff, the secret Nihilist and open police agent, who had acnosted her, and he did not put to her any superfluous questions because he considered it a better plan to have her followed at a distance, and learn all about her destination in that manner. Tho ways of the Russian police are as crooked and dark as those of the heathen Chinee, but at the same time very much more to the point. When they strike it is with a weapon that the victim does not see as it flashes through the air. They well know the fact that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. Ivan Royloff did not even follow the suspect himself . She might look back, and, judging his intention, make efforts to baffle it. He called over to him a seeming Moojick, but in reality a member of the same profession as himself, pointed out to him Ada's now far-off form, and bade him watch her to her destination, and bring him his report without loss of time. ' Another pocketful of gold from Prince Golgoroukis. I never thought a fly ; could get out of that spider's web. No 'nor could it ' without some extraordinary Kelp from within. Had I arrested her then and there the secret ally would never have been discovered perhaps, and the Prince would most likely have called me a fool for my pains. Ha, ha, ha ! Ivan Reyloff is no fool, or he would not be able so skillfully to serve two masters -r-masters of such different tempera ments, too, as the Police Minister and the Chiefs ot'the Nihilists. Well, I take pay from both, and I hoodwink one. I trust to heaven though, that I shall never again draw the blood-red card that de crees me to be the assassin of the Em peror. It is too risky a game for my taste, and I might not always be able to shift the crime to other shoulders, as I did the night before last ; and thus reflecting, the double-dyed traitor walked away. Whether the villain succeeded for long in serving two masters, or whethor he fell between the jprovorbial two stools, the reader will learn as he gets further on with our narrative. We must now hurry after our daring English girl. She looked round twice or thrice, as was but natural ; but seeing no policeman in uniform upon her track, she came to the very natural conclusion that it was all right, and continued her flight with her little heart beating far less painfully with in its snowy casket. Once only did she pause with indecision; it was opposite the p'alace of the British Embassy. Two English servant-men, in genuine English lireries, were standing talking on the doorsteps, anp their homely speech and fresh, honest faces struck a sym pethetic chord in her nature. For a moment it occurred to her why not rush in at the open doors and claim the protection of the noble Lord who so well upheld the interests and honor of Eng land in that capital of polished infamy and corruption ? She know that it would be extended to her ; she knew that that roof, indeed, covered one who would shed his last drop of life's blood to defend her from harm. But while she yet hesitated she remem bered her promise to her whom she re regarded as her generous respuer, and loyalty and gratitude forced her on. Poor girl, had she been able to see into the future she would have rushed be neath the protection of the British flag with the ferrful and panic-strickon hurry with which anyone tears out of a burning theatre, but she looked upon the Princess Olga as her guardian instead of destroy ing angel ; and with a sigh and one long ing upward glance at the long row of frost-starred windows she glided on, and inquired her way towards the Olga Palace. But she had not_ passed by the British Embassy unnoticed. A young gentleman, seated at one of the double casemented windows, in g, great arm-chair propped up with pillows, saw her momentary pause and upward glance, and these attracting nis attentioa, he watched her walk away, seemed to re member her graceful gliding gait, so different to tho mincing uteps of the majority of Russian laidee, and said to his servant, who was attending him— - 'John, clap on your coat and follow that lady, and be sure when you como back that you are able to tell mo where sho lives.' ' Yes, sir,' said John, and he waa off like a shot. A quarter of aa hour later he enmo back to his master highly delighted with himself. ' Found out all about her, sir. No need to follow her far. Sb?'n the young Countesse Kissemoti — mighty pretty woman, they say.' ' Who say ?' exclaimed his master, rather imperiously. ' Who say, John ?' ' Nobody say John, I don't tell 'em my name, sir ; but as I know a good lot of thoir law-breaking lingo. I used my tongue pretty freoly, and asked everyone I met who she wus. At last a man that they calls a Music, not on account of his voice, I'll swear, for a bear's would sound a deal bettor in a hopers ehorns, told mo as sho was the Countesse Eickemoff, ? and ? ' ' Why, you said Kissemoff just now,' rappnd out the invalid. ' Well, sir, 'twas one of the two, that I'd be ready to swear before our own Lord Mayor. I know he said a-j she was rich, and young, and beautiful, and then as he walked slowly along a littlo way in her wake he asked me what I wanted to know for, and whose servant I was, and when I telled him, he inquired quite polite how you were a-getting on, sir. A ? very civil, well-informed man waa that Music' ' Moorjick, I suppose, yon mean ? I suppose the fellow pumped you quite dry ?' ' Lord, no, sir. I kept him to the point, and when I'd got out of him all that was requisite, I wished him a very civil good morning and came back to you.' ' Then of course he told 7011 whore this Countess of his lived P' ' Bless me, sir, if that wasn't a query as I quito forgot to put to him.' ' I thought as much. 'Why, John, what a confounded blockhead you are.' Yes, sir. Shall I set oat and tvy if I can come across him again sir?' 'No, no. I'll be able to got out in a sleigh myself to-morrow, the doctor says, and then I'll prosecute my own inquiries. Just seefcto the stove, John, and give me a cup of tea from the samovar ;' and these orders being obeyed the servant was dismissed. By this time Ada Bayard, still followed ? by the Mcorjick (who had pumped. Sir ' Harry Gordon's . stupid servant iry, exactly as his master had feared, as well as, it is needless to add, stuffed him with, falsehoods in addition), had reached tho Palace of the Princess Olga. that stood a little way back from the Admiral-tecakaia Ploehtchad, or ? great square of the Admiralty ; and entering in at the bronzed and gilded gateway nho selected a little' side door to at, instead of the pre tentiously carved front one, and her summons being answered by ono of tho female domestics, she asked for Lota, and when she appeared, addressed her ns the Princoss had directed, and was forti with ushered to a C03y little room, having a bright metal stove in its centre, where she was directed to awaft tho Princess' return, which she did in n mo;t thankful and grateful state of mind. CHAPTER XIV. WHY DO YOU TEEMBLE SO, j.ITTJ.R WHITE LILY P Directly the Princess Olga escaped from the Police Minister'9 presence sho quitted his palace in the same way as sho had entered it, and sinking almost ex hausted into her sleigh, piled tho skin rugs up around her until she was nearly buried beneath them, and so dvovo furiously homewards. Her face was aa white as any ghost's ? when sha entered in at her palace door, and tho first question she asked her wondering servants was if any one awaited her. 1 ' A young woman, your -Tiehn-';:i, from ? one of the foreigh shops in fclu- Nevskoi. She said it was your ordure that sho should await your return.' 'Good; she may bo conducted to my bed-room in a quarter of an ucuv,' and without anothor word the Princesa passed noiselessly up the grand staircaiso. ' Mine only now on sufferunoe, and at what a price !' she gasped, as she looked around her on all the magiiilicauve by which she was surrounded. ' ' That hate ful English girl, who is now in my power, is the cause of it all. Had not her. superior beauty aroused my joalousy and stirred up my angry passions tho other night I had not gambled until T. waa a beggar, and the next morning sold myself body and soul to tho poliuo. Oh, what an iron master I have found ; oh, what terrible, what awful danger hangs over my devoted head through tho step I have just taken. Fool that I 'ros to dream of measuring my strongth with such a man as Prince Golgoroukis. To-night ho calls. O God, -what for ? Cnn he suspect anything? O hoavon, if he but docs ho will somehow contrive to find out all, and I shall be as fragile a? a beautiful lily in his clutch. Oh, ho will crush and kill me.' These wore her rpflections us sho hurried along volvet-pilo carpotcd passages, and at last opened .1 door and entered a small room. It was an oratory, and contained an altar, above which was s picture oli a vory hideous Russian saint \statues and images are banned by the Gi'eekjjChurch) with vases of flowers anr) candlca placed in front of it. No sooner did the Princess observe that some of the candles 'wore alight, and that a devotee already knelt before the shrine, than her passion, already at simy mering point, fairly boiled over. '.Swiitiia ! Mirac !' she screamed, s.eizr ing tb.C'kneelinggii'lby the ear; with one hand, whilst she hit her vigorously about tho head with the other, tightly clenched. 'How daie you trouble the holy Saint SergiuB with' your paltry petitions, when I waut him to concern himself wholly about my own special matters P. To morrow I will send you to the police-yard and the whipping-post for this. See if I don't. That is to say, if I don't take a greater pleasure in whipping you myself.' ' Oh, dear mistress, mercy ! mercy ! It was only one little humble petition.' ' Ah, Baba, it's you, is it ? What have you dared to ask of the saint ?' ' Tliafc he would pray for those I loro, and watch over them night and day.' ' And. perhaps I want to ask him some thing exactly the opposite. Was there over anything more provoking I There is uo excuse for you, Baba, for you know as well as I do that the law declares that anyone found worshipping before a holy presentment of a saint that is the pro perty of another, designing thereby to obtain, a fraudulent share in the favor of the saint so represented, shall be punish able by fine or whipping, at the option of the proprietor of such picture or shrine. [There is a law to this effect.] Now that's enough of that for the present, Get; you. gone, therefore, for I must coni posemy thoughts for my own devotions,' and she beat and thumped the serf out of the room. Then, clasping her hands together, the lovoly Princess (having first lighted all the candles) flung herself down on her knees before the glittering shrine, and raising her tear-dimmed eyes to the ugly saint, erclaimed — ' Oh, holy Saint Sergius, you haven't so fervent an adorer in all St. Petersburg as myself. Grant me, then, a complete victory over all the machinations of my enemies, and success- in all that I under take. ' Oh, holy Saint Sergius, I would bear my body, and lacerate it with rods in humble penance before thee was I not sure that the desecration of my beauty would be a cruel and most wicked thing in thy sight. I will, however, have a great many of my servant women beaten if thou wilt but grant my next prayer, which is to give me vengence over my enemies, and save me from persecution or punishment from all who are placed in authority over me. Oh, good, gracious Saint Sergius, pay no heed to the petitions that have just been offered to thee, for Baba is a low and vulgar-minded serf, and knows not what is^good for her ; but I am a Princess, and beautiful, and, alas, in deadly peril, and if thou wilt watch over und protect me, I can make it well worth thy while, for every wish that I obtain through thy aid I will add a silver lamp to thy shrine, and candles of the purest wax shall burn before thee night and day. So take me under thy great and powerful protection, most holy and gracious Sergius.' The Erincess indulged in this kind of prayinc; a good while long, tears streaming liberally down her cheoks the while from the beautiouR eyes that were upraised to wards the picture, whilst her voluptuous bust ,'ieemed to be racked with sobs, and; her whole frame to quiver with the extent of , her emotion. And,. lest the reader may deem this to )--- a were fancy sketch, or even a reality highly colored, let us hasten to assure hini i hat a scene such as we have des cribed would be nothing remarkable in the private oratory of one of the Eussian nobility, that the law respecting the offer in/.; of prayers ' to other people's saints ' is i^till extant and acted upon, and that Sergio ?? is the very saint who the Bishop of Sebustopol assured the Eussian troops would come down from heaven, anl in person conduct them to a glorious victory over the allies at Inkerman, both officers and men believing his promise moat, implicitly. When the fair devotee had finished her eloquent petition to the holy saint for the almost exclusive favor of his intercessory prayed, she crossed herself, rose from her knees, aud quitted the oratory, locking the door and taking the key with her, perhaps to prevent the saint from being pestered by any other more humble sup plicant. Her face was wreathed with smiles now, and she made her way directly to-1 wards her sumptuous bedroom. She found Ada Bayard already there, and the fair English girl at once rose, and falling on her knees at the Princess's feet, seized her hands and covered them with kisses, at the same time bathing them with her tears. 'Oh, great and noble Princess,' said she; ~ you have rescued me from a fate Par. worse than death — a fate worse than thai; of the knout even,1 ?!A.t mention of the knout the Princess felt her flesh involuntarily creep, but she called up a smile and answered her pro tege with : — ?J.I am very glad to think that T have been able to serve you. I am partial to English, people. Perhaps because my favored lover — the tno.-t handsome and gallant swain that I ever knew is an Eugliiilittian. Sir Harry Gordon of the British Embassy. Perhaps you know him !' J.Iatimntely,' said Ada, whilst her face turned very pale, .'Then you will have an opportunity of frequently seeing him here, when he recovers from the somewhat awkward wound that he received the other night. ]io-pa:-..ws half his time with me. 'Nay, don t iook so shocked ; no decorum is violated by such an attention in St. Petersburg. Your compatriot Mrs Giuniiy has, thank heaven, never applied for a pasport authorising a sojourn in .Russia, or even a visit to its shores.' ' 1 am a stanger to your custom, niched Ada, her heart rankling, with the fiSit cruel barb- that her rival' had planted therein. ' You,' she.added, .' are the first Russian, to whom I. have incurred a debt of-grabUude. . I pray. -heaven . that your kindness to a stranger, has not involved: you in any peril.' .. , , ? V ???:!..-? i 1' A little, perhaps, my deaivbut we will soon get quit ot that. I must disguise you beyond recognition, and then the hazard will bo past. Your yellow hair wo will change to black, eyebrows and lashes ditto. I can stop out a few of those pearly teeth with Email Noir, as they do on the stage, and discolor the ochers. Dutch chrome, another stage preparation, will render your complexion, sallow, and powdered antimony will create hollows underneath your eyes, whose lustre must be hidden by blue or grey goggle spectacles. We must, with some irritant, cause some soreness and swell-; ing about the mouth, too, for I vow that anyone who has once looked upon those cherry lips would never forget them. Why, my dear, you and I must be the two most lovoly girls in St. Petersburg, lam nineteen (the fibber was twenty-one), and you r' ' I am just eighteen,' half sobbed Ada, who, despite her peril, did not relish the idea of all her beauty being changed into ugliness. ' Well, well,' said the Princess, observ ing yet ignoring this, ' we soon will make you look twenty-eight at the very least We must somehow pad your dresses, I suppose, to make you look a clumsy, awkard figure ; for I'm sure I don't know how else it is to be done ; and dressed as a Eussian waiting-maid, I really don't think you need fear recognition;' : ' Oh your Highness, is there any neces sity for all this — this trouble?' 'Assuredly: for suppose the police were to come and search my palace, and recognise youP I might be sent to Siberia, and you would bp certainly taken back to the Police Minister's. I don't know what you were there for, or why you desired to get away. I know, though, that you did desire it, and that I had pity on you,' 'Your Highness was my dear, kind guardian angel ; and, as I said before saved me from worse than death. Do not question me further, I pray of you. Do not. Do not! I would rather die than for the walls of that horrible build ing to close upon me again. Oh God ! the sights that I saw and the sounds that I heard whilst its inmate — they will haunt . me unto my dying day ! I ' But you suffered no wrong— no hurt ? You know what I mean !' 'Wo, thanks to you, I was saved in time. Oh, do with me what you will ; make me as hideous as you piease, but d.o not send me back. {To be Continued.') 