CoNTixur.i) I-;;OM WEDNESDAY'S SiTrr.E iri:.NT.] LOVE'S LABOUR WON. AN EYENTFVL stout. BY .7AMES ^11 ANT. AUTHOR OF " TIN; PVOMAXCEOF WAR," " TUFE BLACK WATCH," " FAIREII THAN A FAIKY," ETC., ETC. CHAPTER LIIL (Continued). The toilinij of the great alann boll of pa^nda, booming out sonorously on the night afar yver wild, forests and rice-fields, scared those who were at work with their shovuls beneath the walls; while a rattling ba'" ragged volley, flashing through the glooir, was poured into the others, announ cin<j that they had been attacked by the annul followers of a Poongyce, or great lord, ".ho was a muniliccnt patron of tha monastery, just as a great French baron of th<! Middle ages might have saved a conve.it from being ihc prey of a Jacquerie. The Da:.-.its were put ) rout, and fled with yells of rage and fear into the recesses of t he woods, leaving several killed and woutKlsd behind them. 35y da.vn next morning Lonsdale went forth a few yards from tho gate to see tlio scene of the iaio conflict, and there picked up, to his joy, a sharp and deadly 'dah' or Burmese d igger, and that which was bettel', a six-chambered revolver, with six unexploded cartridge.--in it. 1 Six I'.urmese lives to go ere mine is lost, 1 hope!' he muttered sternly, yet with a laugh. lie taw that the revolver was a British Government- one, and thui serious doubts of its being serviceable occurred to him-these weapons and their amunition like our machine guns, so often failed in action; but the charges seemed all right, and with a sigh of genuine gratitude, he cwcealed it and tho dagger baueath his tunic. liut ere ho turned to re-enter the gato, ho sa *.' in its immediate vicinity a very appalling sight, but one that was thoroughly Burmese in character. Light of those wretches who ha<? been assailants overnight had b?en taken, and by order of the 1'oongyee, were fastened to a lofty bamboo fence, first by tho hair of tho Lead, the long coiled top knot being unbound for tha' purpose, (tnd then by the throat, j with their bare limbs stretch id out as far as ' they could be without dislocation, and thus, with tmderjaw fallen, their eyes open and <va~ed, and nude, all save a linen scarf, they hung in the blaze «f the morning sun, ripped open, with the viscera dropping out, as a punishment for sacrilege. L msdaio had seen men too often battered, gashed, and torn in many ways by shot and I shell in action; but this appalling spectacle proved too much for him and he turned away in horror. However, an emotion of confidence came Lack {<. him now with the knowledge that he was secretly armed, and escape did not seem ii'iii-.* so hopeless. He calculated that once safely free from the vicinity of the monastery,wherein h i was kaoivn to be lurk ing. Ly travelling westward at the moderate rate of fifteen miles a day, in less than three days lie miglr. reach the river, feeding him self ns best he might on the way. T!iu obsequies of his late protector gave him additional hope of escape if he could only ret forth into the open country among those who were to drag and escort the funeral car, thus eluding the watchful and fam-uinarv D.moits. The Rangoon Rahuan favoured, even sug gested this idea, and gave him a blue cotton Burmese frock, reaching to the knees, a sort of camise. with loose sleeves to cover his uni form, and an ample handkerchief of what the Rrkish call hook-muslin, to envelope his head and face partially in turban fashion. He al?o save him some food in a species of walle: made of matting, to be ready for any emergency. So the eventful evening of the old. Poon cryee's cremation came at last, for the bodies < -i a!' priests and persons of rank are burned . oi- nunc into the river.' A stage twelve feet hii'h was erected on a fotir-v. hc-eled carriage ornamented with pain tings and mirrors, and on the summit of tlii3 lay iho cofiin, wherein the hod)' was half vis:!.!*.*, bur, covered with sold leaf um brellas; red banneroles on bamboo staves v.ere stuck all about it, and high over all ;xn acute spiral pyramid of split bam boo. 'With several priests upon it chaunting a monotonous dirge for the dead, the whole of the curious structure was drawn from the iiii>!'.?.5-.«ry for a mile or more, chiefly by women and boys, all shouting and laughing, followed by a L'reat band of spectators, of .vho-i; Tj .i.sJ-ile-disguised as we have des cribe d-was ''lie: and the brief twilight was closing into ni'.'bt when the: place for creiWYiii>n was reachcd, the tributary of the I raw-.'My, v.hich was covered with gutantic iotus flowers floating on its glasFy sar;Vc. There was 110 -weeping or wailing, but there was an exhibition of female dancing, which, to say the least of it. was rather ir-ra'w, f..r the costume of the; Hunnese danc.rs, while rlesc-nidin« to the ankles, is not, closed by a front seam, so that like the Spai't'.m ;jirl:i, if Euripides belie them not, a greater part of the limb is always CNposed; and while the dance was .in pro gress t!ie resinous, oiled and perfumed wood was heaped up in piles to form the funeral pyre. At that juncture of the ceremony, when a whimsical content ensues by an adverse pul liii££ at the rear o£ the car, hy a party who prof.'.-s reluctaucc to leave the precious re main;:, till those in front prevail, Lonsdale, almost holding his breath iti the keenness of his cxciiemenl, ipiietlv drew aside and took liirA way iiiiu an adjacent ivooil, lieeillpss, or ju.-t then oblivion:*, of what wild animals it on:ifain. As hi' proceeded with quickening steps he could hear upon the evening wind tlie booming of the barbaric drums, the tinkling of bell?, and the availing of wind instruments minted with the chaunting and shouting of the people. Anon, a great and lurid glare shot ath wart the shy and flashed through tie vistas of the wood as if it ca'iie from a solid moun tain of fire. The night was clear, and the peculiarly rarefied and transparent atmosphere rendered objects distinct at a great distance; far into the recesses of the leafy wilderness through v,-hich Lonsdale look this way went the lurid g'nro of the (lames, and the grotesque shadowsthcy formed out of the strange trees stud gigantic plants, till silence and darkneBS hr<£a:\ to clo=c together around him and ]\i found himself alone and out in the nh;!:i, CHAPTER LIY. ThkDF.AD PAST. Despite fhe Ruilfs and sneers of Uncle Orimshaw mirl of her fashionable aunt, Mrs. C'hillington, Mclanie had adopted a dark all but black-dress and jet ornaments, as t!i>; only tribute her limited meatis would cliov.- he - to pay to the memory of her dead lovn, as she naturally deemed him to bo. And now she seemed to leave the days r.f her girlhood-neither careless nor quite bap;iy days, certainly-behind her, and en deavoured in vain to probe her future. '.J.Ey poor Montague is lost to me,' she Kiid once, in an irrestible burst of grief ; but. thank heaven, not for ever !' ' Ah !' said Unclp Grimshaw, in perplex ity, and not without anger. ' He has been faithful in Iris love to me, despite the duplicity of others ; and I doubt imt that when wo meet in the next world not king shall part us.' ' Ah f said Uncle Griftiahiw again, with. ' a 3hrug of his shoulders and a rasp up of j his sMe-UvfW with both hands. 'But all' that won't pay dii.v and way in this.' ' Ever one sordid idea-,' thought jtelanie, drying her tcar3, in Vttry shame that he Bhould Bee thera. Tlv<? V'.tjits of her aunt, who camo more frequently now than before, were ever a Bource of annoyance to her ; she was so cold and hard, bo worldly and matter-of fact, having not one iota of womanly sym pathy about her. 1 So, so ; this Captain Lonsdale is gone,' she said. ' Can't you forget all about him now-as if ho had never existed-a3 if all this episode had nevor happened in your life ? It is easy enough, if you will only make the effort.' ' Oh heaven, aunt ? L^t me die-let me die, if 1 cannot forget V wailod the girl. 4 Stuff % People don't die of your illusot-y ailment,' was the harsh response ot the old woman of the world, whose sentiments be lied her venerable beauty, her mass of silky white hair and pretty little hands and feet. ' What is done can't be undone, and teArs are useless, as well as unbecoming now. They spoil the eyes and redden the nose.' 'Just vrhat 1 often say,' added Mr. Grimshaw. ' There is no use of crying over spilled milk.' ' A vulgar aphorism, but a very true one. Do try to forget him, it is getting quite a long time ago now ; and then, Burmah is such a long way off,' said Mrs. Chillington, a little irrelevantly, but with a well bred smile. 1 I am glad we liavo licked the the Bui mese. As an Englishman I am proud of that. My conscience, I am !' ' The next best thing for one's peace of mind, to having a good conscience, is to have none al all,' said Reggio, who, reclined in his usual corner, felt dooply for his sis ter. This romark madu>Uncle Grimshaw wince. Ho thought of the missing (rust-money of his dead-brother ; but of that his niece and and nephew knew nothing. It is said that we shall now have rubies and saphires for a song,' said Mrs. Chilling ton, slowly fanning herself , despile the season, by mere force of habic 1 but that will render them too Common for ordinary wear, and prisoners have reported ' The Burme .: don't keep prisoners ; ain't they cannibals ?' interrupted Mr. Grim shaw, who, if he was, as he boasted, inten sely English, wasalsointensely ignorantofthe world at large, and hoped by this time that the subjects of King Theebaw had made a pleasant meal of Montague Lnnsdale. ' In all this affair there is one comfort for you, llolanie,* said be, after a pause. * One comfort-in what-hovr ? she asled. ' Well, t'.at as your engagement to him was but little known, if at all save to our selves, ycu will be spared all impertinent pitj and speculation on the subject, unless this ridiculous assumption of a sombre dress and black ornaments induces them.' - . ' Exactly so. I have saiil this till' 1 am weary of it,' added Mrs. Ghilliugton, who, as if weary of the subject, summoned her carriage and drove over to Riivensbourne Hall-to report progress, as Mslanie's heart foreboded. ' "Oncle, you do not, and never will un derstand me,' she said, in a low, soft voice, after a long pause. ' Why V he asked sharply. ' Because I think when people grow old -pardon me-to your years, at least, they seem to become often benumbed and, I fear, incapable of suffering.' ' Do they V he snarled. ' I wish you had a twinge of my gout, that's all.1 ' I shall r.evor be happy again,' saii Melauie, almost to herself, as hei chin dropped on her breast. ' Th:>t remains to be proved. Do you think, now that if you learned to lo\o an other man you would be wronging Captain Lonsdale V ' Yes ; as much as if he had been my hus Uonil.. yuhc iiua6and.' ' 1 Fie would have been-but for fate,' ' Anyhow, you are not, and never were his wife ; so you can'v afford to be his widow.' ' Sive in heart-in sentiment.' ' Bush. And this black dress is utter bosh, too,' exclaimed Uncla Grimahaw, de parting in anger. And so endedone of the many bitter conversations to which she was now subjected. Oh, how could they be so blunt, so coarse, so utterly unfeeling to hor as this lamontable juncture of her life ? She wrung her slender hands in anguish at:d impatience, but was thankful to be left for a little time in peace. Never again should she see him-never again. There could be no more stolen walks now in the Ravensbourne woods, no more meetings at the trysting-place beside thu river, where the old trees cast a shadow on tlio floating water- lilies, with liim slie loved, with him who heard nil her troubles, and in the sense of whose strong presence she had felt so confident and safe. She sat gazing out on the sombre evoning landscape with wide-open tearless eyes think ing, thinking, ovo:and always thinking, till licr brain seemed to reel' with the monot onous iteration of her own awful and miser able thoughts. In the sky without, the lark looked like a dark speck and the thrush made its last evening music amid t:ie opening blossom of the blackthorn hudge that would Boon be green. Already the rooks were cawing in the tall elm trees that overshadowed Roso Cottage, and in seme places the snow still lingered where the early violets grew, while the raven, with hungry eye, looked down on the affrighted lambs in field and meadows. J How futilo now seemed all Melanie's j dreams in the past-dreams of love and iov I that could never be realised. What was the helpless creature to do now ! This was about the very time when she had expected him home, promoted, or that ihe was about to go to him in the dis tant East and be married. Uncle Grimshaw, though far from ill pleased at the turn her affairs had taken, still looked grim indeed ; yet she had no other futuri), it would seem, than he could give-no other home than ho chose to accord her, unless she left her equally helpless brother to his mercy and went fortli into the world to earn her bread. She looked at Hegg'e, and her heart felt ready to burst when she thought of all the handsome young sailor had been and what lie was now. Reclining on his couch near the window, he Beemed more listless than ever with a crimson coucrc - picil her industrious fingers had made, spread over hiin. He looked as if all that remained of his youth and manhood had gone, his hollow cheeks were pale, his largo brown handsome eyes were more dilated than ever, more sad and weary, his hands were thinner and his voice moro weak. His future appalled her, more than that of the heedless healthy Dick - far more than her own. AVhore had Montague died-in eitv, in forest, or the river ? How had ho met his death ? Like a soldier-like a gentleman, she could not doubt. Where was his grave, if he had got one ? His last thoughts -doubtless, they were of her. Hope had gone, so strength of mind began to fail hor. Spring would come and go-summer with all its bright loveliness would follow brown autumn next-so days and weeks and months would follow each other ; but he could come no more. He hud dropped out of her life-or rather the latter seemed ended, so fat as objects vra.s 6on6tihie& Wh'crc Montague l&y; Ihfere was a lieart and tlve're he'r hole's were buried. Biit i&elanie; "forgot she was young, and that etc long the realities of the world b-OUM press themselves upon her. Just yet however, she folt crushed, giddy, be wildered, till a kind of cold despair took the place of her more passionate grief. And when once again the cold pressure and the threats of her two relatives were put upon her, she clasped her interlaced finders and exclaimed : 1 What shall I do-oh, what Bhull I do ?' Often did the words come to her white lips at this crisis. On one hand ahe knew tha* by her sacri fice of self, Reggie would be froo from her uncle's uncomfortable home) and Dick haVfe a!I his fondest ftspiraliotos of btoing stint tti Sanvihtttst fulfilled. If not-, she knew what was bofore them all-her * boys' especially, as she called them. The gloom, the weary disgitst-tlitj long ing to haVe done for over with memdry dud thought^ pAst and present-, even - with existence itsxsW, the gVe&t; longiinr for rest, VrCre all strong in the miud of Mslanie now. Would a tima ever corae, she asked her self, when again she .would smile, or laugh, or ling-or even work as of old, and take an interest in anything 1 To Melanie, as yet, 1 the ghost of a dead past was a reality-an undefinable and even mysterious present.' CHAPTER LV. WILL HE ESCAPE. Onca more we change the scene. From the banks of the muddy Thames to those of the Irawaddy seems only an instan taneous feat now, as tn out tittle we sufpass tho boast of Puck that ho would Jput a girdlo round the tarth in forty minutes. Iionsdnle calculated^ we havo said, that he might within three days, or JesS, reach the e.istelrn ^bsnk of that great river, which is to the Biirman emjiire, what the Ganges is to Bengal, and the Nile to Egypt ; and be within hail of some of the river steamers, if any were pissing upward or downward just then, an important doubt on which he rather shrank from dwelling. Full of the horrid aspect presented by the executed Burmese near the monastery, and too well aware that some suGh fate awaited himself if the Dacoits caught him and had time to dispose of him in a leisurely man'net-, he hurried on, anxious only at first to get as far away as possible from the vicinity of his late place of captivity. i was difficult to think of such barbarities being done in a land where education had certainly made good progress since last we fought thein in 1S52, when half the male population are said to be able to read and write, and when school-books are issued in the vernacular, setting forth the elements of mathematics, geography, astronomy i>nd human physiology ; yet ao it is. He paused more than once to examine the edge and hiltof the dah, and the charges in the revolver, on which so much, to hiro, depended now ; and when darkness was fairly in, he found himself in a locality famous for adventures in old romance, to wit-the recesses of a forest. It was of teak, a species of tree which frequently attains the height of seventy feet, without a branch or twig, and then throws out a roof of foliage so solid and leafy as to exclude the rays of a noon-day sun. There the darkness was dense then ; under such an umbrageous canopy in mid-air not a star was visible, nor could a ray of the most brilliant planet penetrate ; but the surface under foot was dear of all brushwood ; though, in places near the river, there grew jungle-grass more than twenty feet in height. For years these vast teak forests have sup plied noble materials for the dock-yards of Rangoon, Madras and Calcutta, Around him was a solitude awful and op pressive. Elephants, tigers, bear3 and leo- j pards abounded, he knew, in tho wild places of Burmah; but none, as yet, disturbed hira; repose anfi tn the morning awoke to find that he hadslept-actually sleptlofigand soundly, and felt, though a little stiff, fresh and ready to face anything. Extremes of heat and cold are seldom felt in Burmah,and the seasons-are generally regular. | Tta light of the uprisen sun failed to penetrate the screen of interwoven foliage that spread above him so far from the earth. Here and there he could see a blue patch of sky-no more; but far as the eye could pene trate, on every side, spread the mighty stems of the teak trees, rising in long, long, rows like stupendous cathedral aisles, all seen by a species of subdued, yet clear and steady, twiliuht. Save an occasional ichneumon, or rat o! Pharaoh, gliding about among the dead 'eaves-scudding as rabbits do at home-no living thing was visible. Which way was he to turn Ilia steps'! The morning sun, he knew, was shining; but under that roof of horizontal greenery it was impossible to know east from west, as there was no shadow below it, the subdued light was so uniform; bnt after a long and careful consideration he found more of it in one particular direction, and cTnceiving that there the forest must grow thinner and be more open, he proceeded towards it, and found hia conjecture correct. He reached the skirt of the teak wilderness, where Iho pepper, the capsicum, turmeric and ginger shrubs grew wild, and saw before him an open and fertile country, on the woody .vertas' and abandoned rice fields of which the sun shone brightly, and guided by its art he Btruck westward, by what soemed an old and forgotten path that was nearly hidden now by tall coarse grass and long flowering trailers. The inhabitants-for the district was in habited, from many indications that Lonsdale saw - must have fled, inspired by false terror of the British troops on one hand, and real terror o£ tho blood thirsty Dacoiis on the other; and as a proof of their recent presence, after proceeding abouj two miles, he came upon a 'zazal,' or rest-house.of cam paratively recent construction - an edifice only about four feet in height, built of teak wood, with a broad roof piojecting all round it-and Lonsdale, already somewhat weary with a march thatwastoilsome, devious, and ovor very rough ground, in a district strange and trackless, without guide or cer tainty, among rocks, old water-cuts, and places encumbered by the nutmeg, spikenard and bamboo, all growing wild together, crept theroin,and was fain to pass the second night of his freedom-assured that in it ho would be safe, at least, from any of the four-footed denizens of the plice. For the second time, also, as lie had to bo careful of hi3 little store, he examined it, and partook of what remained of the con tents of the 'sabeit'given him by the Rahoan, consisting of a piece of boiled goat's-flesh, with a few chorpathis of dough, toasted be fore a (ire, and a mouthful of 'shtirnshei' from a little china flask-the native stimu lant, which tastes s'rongly of cocoa-nut oil, and has a greater odour of it. When this food and refreshment was done, there would be but a slender chanco of his procuring more,unless ho reached our gun boats, or British shelter of some kind on tho river or the land. The next morning waa some what advanced -the hours ho knew not. having long since been deprived of his watch-when lie again set forth, vaguely, but resolutely, westward; but he had not proceeded far from the se questered 'z.izil' when he heard sounds voices-in his rear; and while shrinking down among some tall grass he could see about fifteen or twenty armed Dacoits, among them the gigantic fellow rvitli the tattooed sidii&h;'A white quiHeU frock, coming leisurely along; iri Inciidn file; by the kintt of path that 1'ed to;th'e rest hoilse, into which, with the hope of plunder,they all went on their hands and knees; and then lio stole swiftly fhrny away tht'aUgK the long grass as List as its tantilising ohstructivuness permitted :uid his limbs could carry him; To his oyes there seemed something almost diabolical in the aspect of the tall Daeoit letder, as he had never beforoseen tattooing, which the Burmese generally use about the thighs alone, according to some travellers; but this man had it over the most of his face and neck, in strange concentric rings of black and blue-now the result of lamp black mixed with the gall of the mirga'fish. But Nic ilo Gout! refers td the hideous cus* tilti st) fat back as i42$,wben he states that all Burmcso, 'both men and women paynto ot ombroi'der their skiuiifs with iron pennes, puttingindbiiblb tinctiirb-thbtbtb:' iTow the #oitleii iiBt-gr ttd itj and in com tilpiinn nianv of tlieiliare iis fair and dellcato 4a Europeans. t . . Just as Lonsdale had rjuitted that tedious and exhausting mode t>f progression among .tho tall coarse grass amid which ho saw more than one poisonous snake in dangerous proxomity to him, and reached an angle in rocky path, by asccnding which he hoped to find a place <;f concealment if necessary, an exultant shout echoed through tho little valley whcroin the 'z»zal; stood,ai)d he knew that therein some traces of his recent repast had been detected by the Dacoits, who now proceeded to beat the bush, the grass and everything olse, iu evident search for him. CHAPTER LVI. THE TATTOOED Bitrmak: . Now fob English pltickj and nlusculiir onot-gy bofn of out-door sports in the crickrt and hunting fields, andjin handling the oar and the gun. All were requisite for Lonsdale now. Upward and onward he toiled; the path for a beotBii path it was ho pursued though natrott and half hidden by wild vines, laurel bushes and capsicum plants, leading him higher and higher -till the slope becamo the Bide of a lofcy and rocky hill, and * exertion strung every nerve and fibre, and his breath grew thick and fast, while his heart beat fiercely with rage and bitter ness hilt never with dtespalr or fear. $o on he toiled, keeping well ahead of them, their voices, and an occasional ran dom shot following him, for though they had not seen him yet they were well assured of being upon his trail. They were not less than fifteen in number ; I his revolver shots were only sis, and all these, if any, might not be successful. It was a time of supreme peril, and he conceivcd that he u\is now somewhere within ten miles of the Irawaddy. A succession of wild yells that pierccd the welkin suddenly announced that tliey had obtained sight of him,, and this added spurs to his steps. On one sido the path was now bordered by a sheer and terrible precipice, far down below which he could see poddy and rice fields, intersected Uy shining water cuts, with here anil there a ruined house, and in some places only gigantic guinea grass, amid which great groy boulders lay, and coarse-looking elks were grazing. On the other side rose a wall of rock, with out cranny or crevice into which he could creep and there sell his life as dearly as pos sible. En some places these cliffs wefe bare, and reddened by the splendour of a cloud less sun ; in others they wero shrouded by luxuriant and leafy Boreeris of wild vine, papan fig trees, and fragrant flowers of the most brilliant colours. To he. Continued. 