lGhosts. \- GnosTs often come to my window, And knock ab my chamber door Or sit by my side at dinner, Or walk with me on the shore, I know their villainous faces, ' . SAs they gigglo, and sneer, and jar; They will not be gone, so I'll count them, And tlel them what they are i Ghosts of artlbitions buried, Ghosts of a love grown cold, Ghosts of a fortune equandored,' Ghosts of a tile that's told, Ghosts of a traitorous friendship, , And of folli'a nine times hine 1 Come, Wizard! coime I and lay thelm. In the doop IR.d sen-of Wine U FlooDs in Adelaide ~'e rspidly .sub.. siding.. " , Di ODIIn.D to forrt a' Feetrads Asociation at Cootamundra. THIPE total strength s~ the dbfence force of Q$eensland is 3677. 1ms yncht VWanderc~'hs been found near Adelaide, dismasted. W~'mnAer Cox has beer, fined £5:n Sydney for assaulting a tram conduoctor. NEw' South Wales Typographical Assooia tion has a credit balance of £1200. A s~'AoIe containing 34 . young ones has been captured in Sydney harbour. TuE Wesleyan Sunday eabool picnic atl Tomago yesterday was most successful. A U·EtrAEFAus T1AlTAN Bank is about to' be opened, with a branch in Melbourne. DELEGATk~'to tile conference SO deal with affairs at Samoa have arrived in England. A ROYAL Obmmission has issued its report on the insanitary condition of Melbourne. Tnx output of sugar this year in the Bur. dbkin (Q.) distictis estimated at 3500 tons. MurmBo.nun Bijou Theatro totally de strayed by fire last night. Several firemen injured. THE wife of Nathaniel Ronald, of Mel- bourne, has committed suicide by taking strychnine. The Newcastle railway men do not ap parently shine as cricketers, but they took their drubbing well. MIss LILIAN CONSTANCE'DARILEY, daugllh. toerof the Chief Justice, died on Sunday, at the age of 22 years. Sm H~ENRY NoJwAN,, the now Governor Queonsland, had a deal of fun made over him at Thursday Island. Ovin three thousand five hundred pas sengers travelled to and from Newcastle and West Maitland yesterday. In that cricket match, yesterday, G. Cooper made 154 and Elliott, once captain of the Newcastle eleven, 111. A avear named George torrance was killed at the Rheala mine, Inglowood (Vi'c:) on Saturday by a fall of earth. Ie the action for libel, Miss Davis, matron of the Goulburn Hospital, against Dr. Goode, the jury awarded £100 damages. A CRrucur match was played yesterday between the Sydney and Newcastle railway officials. Scores: Sydney, 411; New castle, 37. Mu. R. HAVEIRFIELDs editor of tke Ben digo (Vie;.) . Adverteer-, died on Saturday,. aged 76. He was one of the oldest Victorian journalists. A ionr"of rebel Derrishes attaeaed Port Said. The Egyptian garrison made a resolute defence, but were forced to retire with five - of their number killed. Nw. South Wales T?jpograplical Associa tioni, at a meeting in Sydney on Saturday night, voted £100 towards the Brisbane printers who are out on strike. QUeENSLa,-D's new Governor has expre-sed gratification that so much loyalty should exist in such a remote portion of the British Empire as Australia. How vetr kind. W;.'E. J.'HAaxorocr; late editor and pub-. lisher of thb defunct Broken Hill Aryus, has been ordered to pay a fine of £100, for criminally libelling Mr. John J. Williams, JrP.'. EDWAR'.D DEANE? and William Tonncnt were out shooting near Mudgee, when the latter's gunby some means discharged, the contents lodgiig in his abdomen. He ex pired next day. GENERAL HARuRISON has gathered around him a Cabinet of millionaires. The foloowing estimate has-been made of the fortunes of three of the. richest:-Mr. Wannamaker, £3.000,000; Mr. Morton. £2,000,000; Mr. Wibidomn,. £1.500,000. Mr. Wannmnakeir, who is' the W?'liiteley of Philadelphia, paid his way, as hlie subscribed £100,000 to the campaign funds. Ga o RoR'oft:' Qbheenslaud prefers to have an intimate. noquainthnce with the- colonies before delivering his opinion on Imperial federation. If he' doesn't believe in cutting the painter'wiEl:the mother country' Queens landers will probably feel inclined to cut the painter with'.him, judging from their Demo 'cratic sentiments of late. Mi. GLADBocea has contributed an article to the Y~oith?~': C~mpasion, of Boston, on the English-speaking races. In his rBle as an arithmetical; prophet, Mr. Gladstone is ap palling. Here is his table.of the probable.. progression of the English speakers of the • world : :1788. 15;000:000 spokoEnglishacsthlis planet : 1888.. 105,0000000 are speaking. do. do. 1900\. 120,000,000 will speak do. do. 2000: 840,000,000 do. do. do. do. Of this corvhehlning army of persons who., will speak English in a hundred years hence,. :Mr. Gladstone thinks 700,000,,00O will speak' :it through their noses-as it is the fashion of: tlhi residents of the United Statres. nosar!: Tr~E' tell me that There is a certain wholboome brand Ofbltter in this happy land, That does not smell .lie bad eigar Nor swing on horizontal bar Where is ih45y They, toll me thiat There is a barber who will shave And never talk you.te the grave, Ne-r cut your ohee nor cause you tearsy, Nor rub the soapsuds in your ears- *Steve Ashman! TIhoey tell me that There was a womana who is dead€. Wiho always elambered out of bede Before the sun.lit up the spires,. And kindlediboth, bhe kitchen flees Heaven. rest her:. EaL?rsI CoAo.n r RusseA.-The DlTy News St. Petersburg correspondent' tele graphs :-Tho.Russian coal crisis has duridng this winter aosumed unexpected proporticns. Neverbeforo. has.bte want of chesp fuel been felt more keenly? Tho price of coalishigher than ever before, though the large Rausian coal mines are noi able to work withl a profit. because bhie R?ssians do not. understand mining. The yapers mention. as a striking illustration of this unlucky state of affairs that the Kur-m -Azov Railway, which passes through Russia's richest col' districts, has this winbor boeen obliged to. purchase lare quantliles of English coals. It issaid in in dustrkl cireees thab the price of English coal nill probably rise considerably in tie near future. This might give, a death-blow to somen?Russian industries. lODE?rsr Prior wroto his own epitaph, a?re it is Nobles and heralds, by your leave, foers lie the bones of Mlatthew Prion, The son of Adam and Eve, Let Bourbon or Nassai go highler. Here,. fast asleep, full six feet deep, And seventy' summers ipo, ,-George Thomas lies, in hopes to rise And smoke another pipe. 