UNDER THE ROSE. BY TUB AUTHOR OP " ONLY DOHA," &c.; CHAPTER XXXIII. ft is tune we returned to Lancelot, who also lay on a couch of pain, though not'- without hope of recovery. As he became equal to hearing the tidingB, Dr. Graves, who knew of Iseuho's connection with the Bobertses told him of the banker's failure and night. Lancelot was equally amazed and distressed. '"What a happy circumstance it . was that I did not let him put our ward's money into his bank," he said. " Surely he could not havo had any doubt of its stability when he wished that it should be done. And yet his . flight ? What could induce him to take such a step ?" " I fear," said Dr. Graves, ' it is a very discreditable failure ; but at pre sent it is being inquired into, and no exact details are known, for he has carried off all his books with him." "Where has he gone?" asked Lance lot. " He has not yet been traced, but the manager has been down here to see you. That I could not permit at tho time ; but he will return when you are stronger." " iseulte banked with them," said Fleming ; " probably some of her money is gone. Hub she been told this news ? " "No; I thought it bestnot to name it to ber while she is bo cruelly anxious about you," replied the doctor. . " About me ! " cried Lancelot, flushing. " Not especially about me. She must, from what you tell me, be more anxious about Captain Fendar- von." The doctor raised his eyebrows. " My dear friend, if you had heard her cry 'Lancelot!' when, on first recovering, she saw you borne insen sible into the house, you would be under no such delusion ! Why, she would insist ou helping your mother attend to you, while she herself was suffering agony from her own barns, and only fainted when, as I was setting your arm, you uttered a cry of anguish. It was not her own pain (as the women thought), but your cry that overcame her." " Tou must ba mistaken," said Lancelot, flushing deeply. " Indeed, I hope you are, doctor ! Believe me, it was only her tender heart !" He paused and turned pale. " Well, well," said the doctor, " we won't discuss any more exciting sub jects just now. Tou must tako this cordial, and try and sleep. Good-bye for awhile, Mr. Fleming." ® if 1! The funeral of Captain Pendarvon was over. His body had been carried back to Biversmead, and buried in the old seaside churchyard, where his family could sometimes weep over his '?: grave. Then his last wish was fulfilled, and the letter he had written the night before he left London was Bent to Iseulte. It was not without emotion that obe opened it. It ran thus : — Deae Miss Tbessilian. — When thiB reaches your hands I shall be no longer living, and you must read it as a deathbed confession. I address it to yon because I have found you the truest and most gener ous of friends, and I know that yon will judge me with that divine charity which is your chief characteristic. You remember how at St. Maur's Castle your quick eye detected my secret love for Agatha — how you interceded for me with her — how you warned me of the peril of indulging my jealousy. Alas ! in vain! Yet I had some excuse ; Agatha constantly led me to believe that she loved me even then. She confessed that her lovestruggled with her ambition. But it was plain to me which would be victor when Lord Trefusis appeared as my rival. I cannot tell you how I was tortured then — how one moment I believed her to be my own, the next I saw her encourag ing Trefusis, as if he were the sole object , of her thoughts. - It was such torture that my reason gave way under it on the night of the theatricals, and I resolved to end xny misery with a bullet. But I found that I had left my pistols at Chatham. Then it occurred to me that Trefusis him self had a pair iu the armoury, and I re solved to take them and use one. I know the ghost legend, and availed myself of it for tho purpose of concealing iny temporary theft. I threw one of my sheets over me, and went co the store house of arms. There you surprised me, and your appearance recalled me for a mo ment to myself. I hastened from the spot to my own room, and did not then use the pistol which I had for a time purloined; one I retained it, for my intention was only deferred. On the fatal- night when we went out with the koepers I loaded it and took it with me — not then for the purpose of suicide (which a few soft words from Agatha had again made me abandon), but as a weapon to be used possibly against . desperate men. The night was, you remember, vary dark, and soon the gentlemen from the Castle got scattered. I was trying to re join my companions (being for tho moment ulone) when several rough-looking men ' rushed across the opening I was just entering. Believing them to be the poachers, as'they doubtless were, I fired my piBtol as a signal to the others to hurry to the spot (I knew that its sound would bring them), when at the same instant a man sprang forward — not seeing me in the shadow — and received the contents of the pistol in his head. He fell heavily to the ground. I was horror-stricken at the accident, though I then believed him to be one of the poachers. I sprang forward instinc tively to aid him. Bending over him, I could just distinguish his features. He was dead— quite dead— and it was Trefusis whom I had killed ! "A terrible joy thrilled through mo for one moment— the next an awful tear of the consequences of my heedlesB siiuc over powered me! Every one (I supposed thon) knew of my hatred tothe unhappy young man and of my jealousy of him. No one wonld believe that it was an accident. Ut terly upset by varied feelings, I find from the spot swiftly, for footsteps and voices were approaching. I had dropped the pistol by his side in the first shock of fiuding who it was that I had killed. "Suddenly I came upon the under keeper. He said something to me which, in my confusion, I did not hear; then I went on, followed by him, and we soon met the head keeper, who turned us back 1 to the spot from whence I had come, and ' I had 'to look on my victim, and hear their wondering regrets, and follow him to his liomo. I ought then to have spoken— to have told tho truth at .all riBks — but I did not. _ Alas ! I dared not — for though not indood or consciously, in heart I was a murderer! Had I not firBt rejoiced that ho was dead? Hud I not that very evening hated him with a deadly hatred when I saw him bending over and whispering to my love ? I kept my secret — I thought no ono would ever Snow it — would ever suspect me — for I found you only had guessed my mad devotion to Agatha. But on the day after the event, as I was walking in the woods alone, overpowered, by regret and re morse, the under keeper uatiie up to mo and addressed me : " You'll stand something handsome, cap tain, I suppose, if I don't poach ?" ho said. I stared at him. " Oh," he said, insolently, " you needn't look like that. Why, I was close be hind you and saw you shoot, his Lord ship." " Then you must have seen it was an accident," I replied, involuntarily — " that I did not know him?" "Didn't look like it. You took aim enough, and if it was an accident, why didn't you run for help? Ho mightn't have been dead." But I will not trouble you with more of this hateful scene. Even then I had better have run the risk of speaking. Bat remember, Miss Tressilian, how much would have borne evidence against me. The theft of the pistol— my not calling for help — my previous silence on tho subject — I dare not speak ! I consented to bribe the keeper heavily; and, he, declaring that ho bated Lord Trefusis, and would not have lifted a finger to save him, pro mised to be silent. By this man's perjury suspicion was averted from me ; but when rewards were offered he came to me, and declared that, as a poor man, he needed the sum offered, and "must earn it by eon- fesBion unless I gave him more. He wub never satisfied. And I— my life wbb hateful to me. But I am fore stalling. Then came my chance of winning Agatha, and by means of your generosity I succeeded in gaining the desire of my heart. For a time my happiness cast the shadow of my haunted life behind me. Bnt not long ! Clive, the keeper, continued his applications for money; and, (ha rassed beyond bearing by seeing him for ever about my path, I grew restless, and my irritated nerves disturbed my nights. I awoke more than once or twice from frightful dreams; I talked of Trefusis' death, and of my having killed him, in my sleep. My poor wife, hearing me thus speak, became terrified, and fled from me to you ! Her father took her from the Moorlands to Eiversmcad ; and when I sought him, received me kindly, avowed his implicit trust in me, and sent me down into Corn wall to endeavour to persuade Agatha to forget her causeless fears. But, alas! she received -mo with scorn and aversion ; and when (on the morning before I left her) I told ner the facts of the case — trusting that they might con vince her— Bhe refused utterly to believe me ; deolared that she knew that 1 had murdered Trefusis, and by so doing had deprived her of a future coronet. Finally, however, she softened and de clared that if I would let her go to Florence and stay fcr a time with her mother, she would endeavour to forgive me. But I cannot trust her promise. I am now in London. Clive is again dunning me for money, whioh I can scarcely hope to procure. If I am unable to satisfy him, or Agatha utterly forsakes me, I will find refuge in death, and you will then receive this letter from your miserable but grateful, Owen Pendahvon. This letter was dated the evening that he had dined with the banker, before the final blow of Mr. lloberts' failure fell. The feelings with which Iseulte read this may he imagined. Her pity for the miserable writer who had at last so nobly redeemed his errors made her Bbed heartfelt tears over it. She kept the secret from his poor father, Jmt placed the letter in Lancelot's hands when he was well enough to see it. He was greatly shocked. " This must he sent to Beginald to show the Earl," he said. " It ib very terrible. Yet it will be a relieE to know the truth, and Clive ought to be punished." But the under keeper, fearful that Captain Pendarvon might have con fessed on his death-bed, had already taken to flight, and was never after wards found. Most probably he met his due punishment elsewhere. "When Lancelot was sufficiently re covered to go to London, terrible reve lations were made to him about his ward's property. Mr. '.Roberts had forged Lancelot's name, and. had removed by degrees all Isbulte'8 fortune into the bank, except the portion set apart for' the Pen- darvons, which he could not touch. The money-lender, also alarmed by tho failure of the bank and Captain Pendarvon'B death, brought the bond to Mr. Fleming, and thus revealed the secret which had so disturbed his trust in bis ward. It was a serious matter, for the Pendarvon money only became Iseulte's when she should be of age ; till then she had absolutely nothing. But Lancelot would not suffer the bond to grow with interest ; he paid the twenty thousand pounds out of his own property — thus largely re ducing his by no means ample in come. Iseulte had to b.ear all this, and with tears of gratitude to accept her guardian's "loan," winch she assured him should he her first payment when Biversmead became her own. "And indeed," she said, smiling through her tears, " I am almost glad to have lost my fortune since it has released me from that hateful secret." Lancelot smiled tenderly. "Never have another," he said, " especially from me." HiB ward suddenly crimsoned all over brow and cheek, and turned away for a moment; then she said, hurriedly : " But how am I to manage till I am 21 ? I have no money to live on !" "Mr. Pendarvon has behaved nobly," said Lancelot. "He has offered at once to give up Biversmead to you, but I did not think you would accept his offer ; indeed, I knew you would not. Of course you can live with my mother as her child, Iseulte. We are only too happy to have you always with us, and you muBt look on me as your temporary banker. Nay, no refusal ! Tou can repay me when you come into your own." And Iseulte, blushing and smiling, placed her hand in his, and said : " But I never can repay your good ness !'' CHAPTER XXXIV. " Time rollB its ceaseless course." The months waxed and waned till t he day came when Iseulte Tressilian completed her 21st year. She rose early on the morning of hor nirthday with a strange depression hanging over her. The thought of reluming to l-tiversmond with no lather to greet her there saddened ber ; tbo anticipation of parting from i bo dear friends in whose home she had passed tho last two happy years waB exquisitely painful to hor. It was an April morning, very warm and sunshiny for the season, and Iseulte strolled out bofore breakfast, as was often her habit. She took her way toward the hills at the back of tho Eagle's Craig ; ib ran by the side of the swift, dancing littlo river which bounded the estate, under' the shadow of the tenderly budding trees. The air was Bweet and fresh, and filled with the song of birds ; the rapid stream flashed and glittered, and sang a spring song in tho morning light. Slowly pursuing this path, Iseulte mounted the hill, and walked to the sharp end where it rounded off, which was well named Hurricane Point ; but this morning the breeze scarcely moved the leaves. She turned the corner, intending to reBt for a few minutes on some large boulders which lay in the hollow, and was startled at finding one of them already occupied . by her guardian. As her light foot step met his ear he turned, saw her, and rose, advancing to greet her with extended hand. " A happy birthday to you," he said, " and very many of them, Iseulte — or must I call you Miss Tressilian, now you are a grown lady of 21?" There was a forced cheerfulness iu his voice and words, bat his eyes wore grave, and he was paler than usual. She laughed a litcle forlornly: "I wish I were still your ward, Mr. Fleming," she answered, "for life looks very dreary to me to-day, since I must face it alone." " Tou will not long be alone," he said ; " you will soon form a happy household of your own, when you marry- " She interrupted him sharply. " I told you I should never marry !" " Tes ; but- your mind will change, I hope," he said. The tears were in her eyes now, but she made no answer. She sat down, and Lancelot took his place beside her. "Dear Iseulte," he Bnid, gravely, "I also dread your coming loneliness — for such I fear it will be even with the companionship of Mrs. Gray" (the lady who was to reside with her as chaperone). " Tou are too generous — too ready to efface yourself ; and I rather dread this plan of yours about Diana lloberts. She may be by this time quite as worldly as her sister ; and of hers — of Agatha — I have the greatest horror. She ruined the life of poor Owen Pendarvon. Oh ! if girls only knew the mischief their foolish coquetry does !" "Tes, indeed," said Iseulte, "I have the same feeling about Agatha ; but I have made it a condition of my adopting Diana as my sister that she shall be given up entirely to me, and neither her mother nor sister object. I used to have great influence over her, and I may still do her good. Tou see there was not much affection for her on the mother's part. Poor Mr. Eoberts was very fond of her !" ' " Iseulte, how can you speak so for- bearingly of that man?" exclaimed Lancelot. " A fellow who ruined no ena of poor people — robbed you — forged — and but for dread of the con sequences ot that crime, would now be living on his wife's handsome settlement. But, happily, he has to hide in some dark corner of the earth, where she does not choose to follow him. I confess 1 dread some impru dence on your part, if yon have this girl to live with you." She burst into a sudden passion of tears. "But what else can I do," she sobbed, " since I may no longer live with your dear mother and yourself ? Gh, Mr. Fleming, what can I do ? " There was a strange, passionate yearning in, her voice which touched Lancelot deeply. Suddenly the truth flashed on him that Iseulte loved him — that he was wrecking her life by his jealous self- restraint — his care for what the world might say of him. He leant forward and took her hand. " Iseulte," he said, in an unsteady voice, " you need never part from us, unleas you like. Could you — oh, my darling, could you love mo well enough to be mine for ever— never to part?" She was so astonished that' she uttered a low cry of wonder— aye, and of rapture. " Oh, Lancelot — my Lancelot ! ' ube cried, in a tone ot delight she could not restrain. "Do you — do you love me ? " " Do I love you, Iseulte ? My dearest, I have loved you ever since you came to dwell at the Moorlands. I have had no thought save of you." But you — you — wanted me very much to marry Colonel St. Maur," she gasped. " Tes ; because I thought him more worthy of you than I am, and he trusted his cause to me. Besides, love, I ought not (even now, I fear) to woo you for myself; certainly then I should have deemed it dishonourable I to do so." " But why ? " she asked, blushing. I " Because, he said, " you had then seen little of the world, and were very young. It would have been taking a dishonourable advantage of my position as your guardian. There fore I threw you into the society of the St. Maurs, and of all the various worthy suitor3 you have since dis dained, torturing myself not a little, Iseulte. But now the agony of parting has eonqueied me." Tbe glance of her happy eyes assured him how glad she was of tho victory love had won. He drew her gently toward him. "Then we are not to part?" he whispered. She murmured between tears and smiles that they need not.. " And how about never marrying? " ho murmured, as he pressed his lips, on her cheek. " Oh," she said, with a happy laugh, ' " women are allowed to change their minds, you know ; but I Bhould never have married if you had not asked ae." They sat for some little time talk ing over the past, Iseulte making Lancelot confess all his former feelings respecting her, when she believed him a kind nut unloving friend. Kg at last asked her if he was her firsb'and only love ? " Oh, yes, yes," was the reply. "I know now that I hover lovod anyone bofore, though I fancied once " She paused. "What did you fancy, dear!" he asked, Boftly. " Eemember, there must never again be anything between us ' under the rose.' " "No; there never shall be," she said decidedly. " Well, than, I fancied when I was first in London that 1 was in love with Owen Pendar von ; but it was not with him at all ! It was with an ideal in my own mind that I clothed in his form. When I knew him really 1 felt what a silly delusion it had been." "Perhaps you love only an idoal now in my form ?" he said, laugh ing. She started up. " I won't tell you a word more," she declared. " Tou know very well that it is different — and — and you don't mind my having fancied it?" shyly. Ho clasped her fondly in his arms. " No, my dearest ; I suppose all very young girls dream such dreams now and then. In men we eal. it calf- love. But you are sure now ?" She whispered her tender assurance that sho was — that the true love had shown her how false and foolish her early fancy had been. And then — as it was already getting late for break fast- — they wandered bIowIv home- . ward. Iseulte felt as if a great weight had been lifted from her heart, and was toucbingly grateful to thiB noble, bigh- Bouled'man who had given her his life. Mrs! Fleming read -their story in their -looks as they entered the break fast-room for family prayers, and knew well how grateful were two of the worshippers' hearts that morn ing. It was settled that Iseulte should not now leave the Moorlands till her marriage. She was to return to Jliversmead after her honeymoon. Mrs. Fleming was still to live with her Bon and new daughter, and they were to visit the Moorlands for some months yearly. But not entirely to disappoint Mrs. Gray, she was to be installed at the Moorlands with the salary fixed for her as chaperone for a year, while Diana was to remain with Mrs. Fleming at Bivers mead till the bride's return there. The marriage morning dawned a lovely June day, and Iseulte stood at her toilet dressing, Mrs. Fleming superintending. " It is a pity," said that lady, with a sigh, " that I have no diamonds fit to replace those you lost at Mr. lloberts' bank, dear Iseulte. The Tressilian brides always wore that set." "And so will Miss Iseulte," de clared Gwenny, appearing with a large box in her hands. " Here are the Tressilian family diamonds safe, and ready for my dear lady." " Gwenny !" exclaimed Iseulte, gazing in amazement at the jewels, " where did you get them ?" " "Why, mem, I have never let them go out of my possession. Do you think, after that night at the house at ' Eaton Square, I would have trusted them with Mr. Eoberts? No, in deed! I should think not. But I. truly thought then it was the Pendar- vons who were trjring to get them ; bo to make them think we had not got them in our keeping, I put some old beads of my own into a box and sealed them up and gave them to the banker- man to take care of. And if I hadn't done so, Miss Iseulte, you would not have had them to wear this blessed day." Iseulte thanked her old nurse for the gems with a loving kiss, and felt that the restoration of the heirlooms was a good omen. Mr. Hughes performed the service ; the Earl of St. Maur gave Misb Tres silian away. Diana, with a feeling her friend approved, declined to. appear at the church ; but Lady Aline waB one of tho bridesmaids. # It was a glorious August evening when Iseulte returned, after her long banishment to her home. The great Atlantic lay calm as a lake of bur nished gold below tho castle, where she ana her husband stood on the terrace and looked down on it to gether. " The unchangeable sea !" mur mured Iseulte. "It smiles on me like ah old friend. Ah, Lancelot ! how much haB happened since I saw Eiversmead last. It was a sore banishment, but it brought me a great blessing — even your dear self. Do you know, I think my father must have hoped that our union would re sult from it. ' " Perhaps he did," replied her husband, with a smile ; " for he was ever a good and generous friend to me." " And he wished you to have Eiversmead," she murmured. "Ah! how foolishly jealous I was of Lance- glad. But now — I am so glad — so And turning to him, she threw her- ! self into his arms. j Henceforth only ordinary troubles, \ inseparable from every human life, j visited Iseulte and her beloved. Many | children filled the old Castle with glee and brightness, and brought perhaps as much joy to Gwenny as to their parents. The Pendarvons had saved enough to live comfortably in their former cottage. Alice married fairly well, and the others were promisingchildren, Over the grave of Owen Mrs. Lance lot Fleming raised a simple but costly memorial cross. Mr. ltoborts never appeared under his own name again ; hut it was suspected that a starter of bubble companies in the States was i he fraudulent banker under various iil'iises. Mrs. Eoberts li-ed in Italy, utere, in lime, Agatha married an Italian Count, who, growing as jealous of hor as ber first liuoband had been, acted with much groater resolution, and locked her up in an old country house near Verona. Diana was, as Iseulte had said, young enough to improve. She lived all her life with hor generous friend, but died unmarried, bearing on her innocent head her father's shame; and Iseulte often said that misfortune and the disgrace of others had made a saint of her little Diana. Mrs. Fleming's life was prolonged to a great age, and was cheered and blessed by the filial love of Iseulte and her Lancelot. rns end. 