CRUMBS. Father Damien is dead. , Khartoum ie not aaptured. Vesuvius again splattering. More fighting at Khartoum. Raoes on Old Course to-day. Another Chicago yarn blown. Gossip haa no staying powers. Barrier proBpeats brightening. Father McFadden to be let olf. Perth people seek oo-operfttion. Have yon paid yonr income tax? Feaoe the intense desire of Franoe. Over 1,000 animals, &s.;, at the Zoo. Civil servants have just grievances. Strike mania spreading fit Germany. Reaction of the retrenchment policy. Captain Learmooth joined the Blues, Father Considine in the Confessional. The grade, listened well to the sermon. Queensland blacks killing whitefellows. ftamoan Conference aoting like a father. Two danger* to life-poison and quacks. Box of £5,000 sova. EfKsing from Iberia. A noble life saoriiloed to bless the lepers. Parliamentary pionio commences May 27. Samoans to be allowed to eleot their King. King Humbert going to Berlin on the 20th. Wholesale human bntoheries in Abyssinia. Two battalions gone back in their shoot ing No UB8 pleading poverty about the inoome tax. Kaid on fashionable gambling dens in Lon don. Radioal Htusey is as innooent as a sucking dove. Our gallant Uttle Commander patted on the baok. Yankee cyclone wreoked old Barnnm'a Show. Gambling is the parent of laziness and orime. A son of John Bright ooming to gauge our feelings. A new phase pat apon the BaroBia Water Scheme. Late high prioe of oopper checking con sumption. Japanese desirous of opening up trade with Australia. Miners in the new world as in the old are in trouble. Parnell again admits having told a fib in the House. Sydney politicians getting to blows over Home Rule. The Canadian cable will probably oome to Port Darwin. Civil Service Commission is a standing appointment. Minera of Westphalia now want the eight hours system. Two " Peers of the Realm" run In from a gambling den. Explorer Stanley expeoted in London in three months. Another American railway smash -six women killed. Only 1628 Frenoh reoidivisites waiting transportation. ParneU's counsel "sharply rebuked" by Judge Hannen. Colonel Light's monument to "die a natural death." The defunct Count To'.stol was not the famous novelist. Stone flour claimed to be more nutritious than roller flour. City mombers too wide awake for the squatters' party. Ten-Mile Bicyole Championship to be ridden in Melbourne. "Bigotry murders religion, to fr:ghten fools with her ghost." Is the Nabob of Port Elliot going to develop into Premier? Delegate Dillon squirming nnder the Vic torian PreBS oritioiBms. Mr. flnssey never thought of being a poli tical leader. ModeBt. Colonel Light deserves a better monument, say of colonial marble. Miners and military in WeBtphalia have had a fight and funerals. Our legislative experiments may Bolve time-honoured problems. In the vigour of our reforms we may re generate the old country. Victorian unemployed decamp with Go vernment tents and tools. Chinese Exclusion Act is npheld by American Supreme Court. Twenty-seven of a majority in the Lords against that poor " Sister." What comes of the elaborate work of the Civil Service Commission ? The strength of the Government lies in the weakness of the Opposition. The Czar Intends to venture as far as Kiel to meet " brother William." Tommy Atkins in full force at the Military Ball on the Queen's Bi<*taday. Mr. Parnell ordered to produoe his cheques for payments to League funds. Bill for compulsory insurance of workmen adopted by German Reichstag. Americans and Germans settling Samoan squabble; Britishers looking on. The Frenoh Government propose to con tinue work on the Panama Canal. Sixty-two London swell gamblers ran in, and £18,000 collared by the polioe. King Menelek of Shoa expected to succeed King John as Negus of Abyssinia. Self-reliance of the people is growing as the Floods Committee can testify. Delegates Dillon & Co. sweeping in the cash for the " secret service" fund. Collision oif the Philippine Islands; sixty six persons supposed to be drowned. Mr. Parnell had never denounced Secret Societies, not even the -Clan-na-GaeL Emperor William haB consented to receive a deputation of ooalminers on strike. The Archbishop admits that his country men can write " abominable" articles. Dr. Cronin's " body" turned np at Toronto. Bolted to esoape Clan-na-Gael avenger! _ Australia beating the record of subscribing meetingB to the Irish Home Rule Fand. " To thine own self be true .... Tbon o&ns;'t not then be false to any man." Large landholders in the House would like a property tax substituted for the land tax. Will the Dry Creek experiment solve the irrigation problem for the Adelaide Plains? Father Damien's place will be no doabt filled by another self-sacrificing missionary. Surely little Tasmania might hant up at least one C. Y.M. to send to that Conference. More land being cultivated adjacent to Adelaide this season than for many years past. Deceased Wife's Sister again tamed oat of the Lords. Old fossils prefer a mother-in law? The City members think that squatters have had enough from the country for some time. Italian Government refuses to give up two supposed murderers to the Amerioau autho rities. The "quality" of the average French cri minal is said to be becoming worse and worse. The Samoans were not gnilty of causing the recent troubles, says American Delegate Kaseon. The British Section at the P Exhibition | flurpaesea all others in value and diversity of interest. Irish agrarian outrages are the work of the lower class of Fenians and Ribbonmen, says Mr. Parnell, Trust and Agency Company of Australasia have deolared a paltry dividend at the rate of 22} per oent. Coating iron with copper adapted for economic purposes-kind of tin pot or iron pot arrangement The labonrs of the Civil Servioe Commis sion will extend beyond this and one or two other generation!. . The Abyssinian "Eleot of God" ordered the massacre of two thousand prisoners before Jbe was himself billed, . As the members have to swallow what u given them, more care is necessary in the preparation of the pills. ? Early-dosing movement will probably .suffer through the ftlliftnoe And action of the Trades and Labour CounoiL A school teacher had need to Uve as long ?as Methusaleh to get through the varied pro grammes of her bind friends, . Tasmania's Agent-General blowing-pre dicts the tight little Island will be the lead- 1 -in* maritime power of Australasia. Before making another book, the Com missioner evidently thinks that W. E. Adoock had better surrender the books be J At a meeting of China Belief Fand collec tors the propriety of giving a prize to the best collector was hinted at, and a pair of boots BDggested. The League had never, to Father Consi dine'B knowledge, brought criminals to justice." Of oourae not; it was the duty of the Government "Every wretoh who refuses to join the League deserves to go down oold and dead into damnation and dtstress," That's Father ?CooBidine to his flock. A pngiiistio admirer of the panning prophet of the Post-Offioe Tower writes "Snow me the man who says our Todd's forecasts are never right and I will oast something at iim." The Rev. D. T. Taylor says that if the United (States drink bill for a year were in ?silver dollars, placed one on top of another, they would reaoh the dizzy height of 1,600 miles. St. Petersburg is the only capital of Europe in which the population is steadily dimin ishing. During the last seven years the inhabitants of that city have deoreasedby 65.000. "There seems every probability^ of the present year throughout- the colonies being as prosperous as the last was defioient and luinous to both agricultural and pastoral interests.'' The third finger of the hand-the ring finger-was selected for the honour of wear ing the wedding ring because formerly it was believed that a nerve passed direotly from it to the heart. A Chicagoan has invented anewoaloulating machine which will add, Bubttact, multiply, or divide with accuracy. It ib said to work perfectly, and will Bave much time in com mercial operations. Mr. William Giles died May 11, 1862. Old colonists wiil remember him as " a fine old Bullish gentleman, one of the olden time." He was Manager of the South Australian Company for twenty years. The canal connecting the Baltic with the German Ocean was opened May 14, 1785. It was a German notion, and, considering the near and tear of the traffic since then, the German Ocean is in capital repair. John Bonnycaetle, professor of mathe matics, died May 15, 1S21. His elementary works on aBtronomy, geometry, &3., were in general use fifty years ago, but they have now fallen into the waste basket of diaue tude. Definition of Kiss, by Marie, Currumulka: -Yu kant anilize a kiss enny more than yu kan the breath of a flower. The only way to deBkribe a kiss is to take one, and then set down, awl alone, out of the draft, and smaok jure lipB." One-horse halfpenny omnlbuseB are to be run in London, every third one being fitted up as a smoking-car, passengers being able to procure cigarettes or cigars by means of automatic delivery boxes. The smoking-oars will be fitted with raoks of newspapers. The number of artificial teeth made fQ America is increasing very rapidly. Last year tbree of the largest business houses engaged in the trade turned out nearly .20,000,000 teeth, and this was not more than half the aotual product of the country. To glue leather or linoleum to iron, the iron is painted with white lead and lampblack. When this coat is dry it is covered with cement made by dissolving the best glue (Boftened) in vinegar and adding about one third of turpentine. The cement must be ? applied warm. In Florida the orange is cut in halves, and its juice and pulp are passed to the mouth with a teaspoon. In Havana the orange iB served whole on the table, peeled down to the juicy "meat of the fruit," and you present the golden ball to your lips on the prongs of a fork. 'ibe island of Jamaica was formally ceded to the English by the Spaniards, May 10, 1665, It WBB discovered by Columbus in 1494, and was colonized by the Spaniards ; but the British lion having put his paw upon it in 1664 the Spanish Government was com pelled to give up possession to the new tenant. Quicksand differs from ordinary sand In being largely made up of very small particles of mica largely mixed with water. Themioa is bo smooth that the fragments Blip upon each other with the greatest faoility, so that any heavy body whioh displaces them will sink and continue to sink until a solid bottom ia reached. Taking the average, it will be found that every mile in length of hedge and ditoh equals, as nearly BB possible an acre of land. It has been oaloulated that were all the hedges in England trimmed with a moderate amount of extra oare, extra ground. «qual in extent to a good-sized county, would be rendered available for crops. It waB on May 14, 1097, that the French etnBaders commenced the siege of Nice, the Turkish capital of Soliman, the Sultan of Roam, The camps of the besiegers formed an imperfeot circle of more than 6 miles. The city .fell after a close investment of forty days, into the hands of the forty knights (more or less) of chivalious Franoe. Building blooks made of corncobs form the object of a new Italian patent. The|cobs are rtesaed by machinery into forms similar to brioks, and held together by wire. They are made watertight by soaking with tar. These moulds are very hard and strong. Their weight is less than one third of that of a bellow brick, and they can never get damp. The Right Hon. Spenoer Fercival was shot by a man named BeUingham in the lobby of the House of Commons, May U, 1812. Bel lingham avowed that he had been waiting to take the life of Lord Levison Gower, late Ambassador to the Court of St. Petersburg. The assassin was tried, found guilty, and executed on the seventh day after the orime. Captain Parry e&iled; from the Nora for the recovery of the North-West Passage May 10, 1619\. Iu this expedition be diBoovered Bar row Strait, Melville Island, Prince Regent's It let. and Wellington Channel. Having ex posed himBfclf to the intense cold of the frigid zone, a warm reception was aooorded him on his return to England in the form of a grant of £5,000. At Byhope and other places In Darham shafts have been sank near the shore to fMilitate the mining of seamB of coal that stretch beneath the waves, and in the neigh bourhood of Whiteheaven, Cumberland, ooal is mined at distances from one to two miles under water. Several of that in the oopper mines of Cornwall also send ont branches over which the sea rolls. Among the anolent warriors it was ctutomary to hononr snoh of their followers ae distinguished themselves In battle by pre senting tuem with a feather to wear in their caps, whiab, when not in armour, was the covering of their beads, and no one was permitted that privilege who had not at the least killed his man. From this custom arose the saying, when a person had effected a meritorious aotion, that it will be a feather in bis cap. " At the Adelaide Observatory, where the quantity ganged has been considerably lesB than in most parts of the oolony, the record for the month of April was 5*654 inohea, making a total of 9'654 inches for the first four months of . this year, being 8933 inohes above that of the same period in 1888 ; 6617 inohes above that of the driest year, 6D37 inohes over that of the wettest year, and 6*568 inches above the geneial average since the year 1839." The following statement by Bacon is com mended for the consideration of members, that before Jane they may read, mark, and inwardly digest" Talkers and futile per sons are commonly vain and oredulous withal, for be that talketh what he knoweth, will also talk what he knoweth not; there fore set it down that the habit of seoreoy is both politio and moral, and in thiB part it Is good that a man's face gives his tongue leave The credit of having invented the tonio sol-fa method of muBioal notation is given to Miss Glover, daughter of a clergyman at Norwloh. The merit of fnlly Bystematising the method and introducing it to public notice belongs, however, to the Rev. John Cnrwen, an English Nonconformist minister. He beoame acquainted with Miss Glover's method about 1840, and subsequently devoted much time and attention to perfecting and teaching It. You certainly conld not walk through the whole of the streets, lanes, and courts of London in six months. The colleotiye length of theBe amount to at least 32,000 miles; so if you walk twenty mlleB a day (quite as much as you would oore to do regularly on the pavement) for 300 days in the year, it would be more than five years before you had gone over every street. Indeed, it would be very considerably more, for this computation takes no account of the fact that you would have to traverse many streets twioe. William Pitt, the elder, died May 11,1778, aged 70. His Parliamentary career gave him many opportunities for the display of hie splendid talents. His strenuous opposition to the measures of Sir Robert Walpole in duced the Duchess of Maryborough, who hated Walpole, to bequeath him a legacy of £10,000. Towards the end of his life his popularity began to wane, but hiB noble and eloquent denunciations of the coercive measures which lea to the American War of Independence re-established his fame bb a statesman, a patriot, and a man. John Van Olden Barneveldt, a distin guished Dotoh statesman, was beheaded, May 13, 1619, aged 72. He had served his country ae a soldier, a diplomatist, an ambas sador to England and France, and in many Other capacities; bnt then, you know, the all-powerful Stadholder, Maurice, Prince of Orange, was a Gomarist or Calvanist, while J. O. B ;had the audacity to join the ArminianB. He was therefore charged with being a traitor, found guilty without evi dence, and executed without meroy. Here is a too lovely menu, copied from the BvAtioa Ay res Standard. It represents the first dinner of the St. Andrew's Society in that city, held as a " liurnB' dinner" in January last MAYNOO. Sheep's Held Broth. FiiBh an* Eiater Sauce. Sheep's Held an* Trotters. Tatties wl* their Jaiketa on. Lammie an' Green Peas. HaggiB an* Whusky. Bubblyjock an1 Beef an' m&ir; Tatties. Holy Poly an' Ploom Puddin'. Breed an' Cheese. Peers, Plooms, an' thae bin' o' things. Wellington took possession of Ooortoon the retreat of Marshal Soult, May 11, 1809. Early in that year . Napoleon had entered Spain with a powerful army and quietly took np his quarters at Madrid. Then you may remember that he dispatched Soult with an overwhelming force against Sir John Moore. Then the national enthusiasm demanded that aareat blow should be struck on land, and to Wellington wasentruBted the solecommand of the war. Well, you know, on arriving at Portugal be took the field with a force of 25.CC0 and gave the enemy such a taste of what English shot and shell were made of that the French legions were disastrously routed. Yes; and that was the first of the brilliant victories of the famous Peninsular War. Daniel O'Connell died at Genoa, May 15, 1847, aged 72 years. He waB educated in France for the Catholic priesthood, studied the law in Lincoln's Inn, was oalled to the Bar, practised in Dublin, originated the famous Catholio Association, successively represented the CountieB of Clare, Kerry, and Cork, the Town of Kilkenny, and the City of Dublin in Parliament, fought like mad for the "Repeal of the Union," but didn't get it, was sentenced to pay a fine of £2.000 and to be imprisoned for a year for sedition, but obtained a reversal of the sen tence by an appeal to the House of Lords, went to Italy to recruit hiB health, and died on his way to Rome. So much for the " Great Agitator." Who can assess hie influ ence for good or evil Henry IV. of France assassinated May 14, 1610\. He was a descendant of Louis IX., was born a mountaineer, educated at Huguenot, was compelled to adjure Pro testauism on ascending the throne of his ancestors, issued the famous Ediot of Nantes in 1598, and finally fell a victim to the religions fanatioism and intolerance of the age. The greatest enemies were the Jesuits, one of whose purnls-Jean Ohatel-'wounded him in the mouth in an attempt upon his life. At length while riding through the streets of Paris his coaoh. was obstructed by two wagons, when a fanatic named Ravaillac, who had for a long time meditated an attack npon the King's life, rushed forward like a demon and stabbed him to the heart. Ro died the man of whom Henault says" To extreme frankness he united the most dexterous policy ; to the most elevated senti ments a charming simplicity of manners; to a soldier's courage an inexhaustible fund of humanity, 