. " ' Tins ; Clarence and Richmond Examiner. I ESTABLISHED 1859.] ' SATURDAY MORNING, 3RD AUGUST, 1889. . Police Superintendency. THE INSPECTOB-GKNERAL'S communication with regard to the proposed separation of the North Coast.districts fronijthe existing Superintendency of Armidale, ia an official burking of the proposal for which there is insuñicient warrant It would, be interesting for instance to learn the details of the reports referred tó. ' Whence did they, come and from whom ? ;We hope they were not frompereons who, for their own advantage, seek to magnify their office at the public expense. It is the more important that these reports should be 'carefully scanned for the reason that they appear to have induced the LNSPE'CTOB-GENEBAL to ALTEE an opinion which he, we believe, held when he last visited these districts, and when the necessities of the district and his knowledge of it were fresher in his mind than possibly they were when he wrote his letter of April last. Most certainly the North Coast district has not gone back since the INSPEC TOB-GENEBAL'S last visit, either in population, wealth, or development of resources. A fact that points strongly to the necessity for the fullest and most complete official facilities.... Those facilities cannot be honestly said to exist while these districts are tacked on to Armidale, with which they have no connection, social or commercial. The only tie at present being this thread of police officialism, which undoubtedly, ought to be severed for very many reasons. In a previous article upon this subject we dealt, very fully with reasons why this severance should be effected. That article, we have reason to believe, was brought under the INSPECTOR-GENEBAL'S - notice; in t the letter to which his purports to be a reply. - There is not one of the reasons then given which the INSPECTOR GENERAL- seeks to combat, excepting that with regard to the delays in the transaction of business. Need we Bay what a lame combat even that is. Everyone must know that delay of necessity must occur, even in using the ; ¡Electric Telegraph, when the communications have to pass-to head quarters through an intermediate channel. While as to clerical work that, of course, is doubled, or nearly so, at the cost of men and officers being withdrawn from their proper functions. Notwithstanding the INSPECTOB-GENEBAL, and the reports upon which he relies, we are thoroughly convinced that greater efficiency and promptitude would be attained by the adoption of the course we advocate. One pf the chief arguments used against the separation of the Superintendency is that it would entail increased public ' expenditure; Well, we should like to know how much. Upon referenèe to some papers which we have been able to get at as sub- mitted to Parliament, we find the only difference between the establishment at Armidale, where an Inspector is in charge of the Superintendency, and the présent establishment* at Grafton, is £75 per annum ' allowed to the " Inspector, -in- charge of the Superintendency as special ..travelling allowance ; each. Inspector being allowed 12s per day for travelling expenses,'when so-occu- pied; Possibly, the; Charges : under that head, incurred now in the whole district, might be lessened as the result of division. There is no other item which would swell the cost unless it be some charges sub. rosa unknown to the unofficial eye. The use of .the telegraphic wires in repeating mess- ages from one station to another, the INSPECTOB .GENERAL appears to look upon as neither incurring expense or delay to the country. We cannot look upon it in that light, and can quite conceive a con- siderable hindrance to the business of those whc pay, in consequence of'this, nominally free official use of the public wires'; .sometimes, we fear, upor the most frivolous-subjects. If the INSPECTOR GENERAL is much struck with a desire to be econo mical in the public expenditure, as well as tc increase the efficiency and smooth running of hi: department,. he will look in other; directions ii which to exercise it, rather than in that to whict recent reports have lead him. Take,'for instance, the Superintendencies of-Tamworth and Armidale The head quarters of each only 80 miles dis tant from each other, and connected by rail Might not economy be. exercised in - thi abolition bf one or other of those Super intendent's headquarters, and so save the entin cost of one establishment. With 'the regula overland Postal communication, and the use of th< Electric Telegraph referred to by the Inspector General, and we may add of the railways free there is scarcely. any necessity-for those twi establishments in snch close proximity to ead other. Indeed, with an adjustment of the Tam worth superintendency on the South and Wesi and the separation of the Coast districts, a proposed, from that'of Armidale, there is ni reason why -the - present superintendencies o Tamworth and Armidale should not be amalga mated, and worked from Armidale as a centre Considering the rail: facilities, free wires, and th expeditious overland Postal Service, that superin tendency would then not be too large to worl economically, neither would i the Coast district b found too small, either in area, population, o general importance, to occupy the'best attention o an efficient officer in charge. But .should thii ghost of economy-which is always around whei it suits, some particular person or- locality-bi permitted to prevent that proper administration o government to which the people are entitled ? ' Wi hold that the present state of things is, on thi whole, far'Je83 economical, ! so far as the publh interest is concerned-and it is in that interest w< are, or rather .should' be," governe&y;^lhan would be the establishment of à new Superintendent's district on the Coast, and the continuation of those at Armidale and Tamworth. We are, aware that under our system of Government it is very difficult to force the head of any Department to do that against which, fortified by some report"br other, he has set himself ; but at ¿the same time, we don't forget that these heads of departments are there by thewill-'of the; people, consequently what the people conceive to be in the public interest should be acceded to. We look to this particular business not being allowed to rest where the Inspector General's letter would leave it, ? We-hope to see all the papers, reports and .-minutes (confidential and otherwise) laid upon the table'of the Assembly, and then the public may know-if there is no more burking the truth-the whole facts, the reasons why and wherefore. 