THE SPIRITUAL POWER OF THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL. The editor of the Journal was present at a Sundayschool institute at Minneapolis Minn,, on 0th October, at which an interesting conference was held on the above topic. In answer to the question, '• How can we make the Sunday- school a spiritual power ?" the following answers were given by the Sunday- school workers present .— 1\. Have in the Sunday-school spiritual men and women as workers; a spiritual superintendent, and spiritual teachers, possessing a genuine Christian experience, and embued with the Holy Ghost, will make the Sunday-school a spiritual power. 2\. Have faith in spiritual realities, and work for spiritual results. 3\. Let the great end in view tkroughsut the school be to lead hearts to Christ. 4\. Let both superintendent and teachers come front the closet of prayer to the Sunday-school, 5\. Seek out the spiritual truth in the lesson, and press it home in the teaching. G. Study the lesson with prayer through all the week. 7\. Hold a lively and spiritual teachers' meeting, so that the deeper truths of the lesson may be in the mind of each teacher. 8\. Urge upon the school a reverential attitude during prayer in the session of the school, '.). Let the pastor oecasionlly preach a sermon to children at the morning service. 10\. Teach the Word of God throughly in the Sunday, school, and it will make a spiritual impression. 11\. Hold a Sunday-school prayer meeting occasionally of the right sort, short, spicy, suggestive and spiritual. 12\. Organise the young people of the Church for Christian work, through the Oxford League," " Young People's Alliance," or some other plan. °This will have an effect upon the Sunday-school. 13\. Look to the Holy Spirit for power in the teaching of the Word, after having sought the Spirit in the study of the Word, —£.5. Journal. We must not always speak all that we know : that were folly ; but what a man says should be what lie thinks, otherwise it is knavery,. Montaigne. Natures that are hardened to mischief or evil you shall sooner break than make straight. They are like poles that are crooked and dry there is no attempting them. Ben Johnson. Man passes away : his name perishes from record and recollection ; his history is as a tale that is told, and his very monument becomes a ruin. Washington Irving. 