NEWS AND NOTES. LORD MANDEVILLE says the European Mail does not like the idea at all of going to Western Australia. A MEETING of the Women's Christian Tem- perance Association will be held in the Congregational Church Sohoolroom, on Thursday, at 3.30 p.m. MR. H. J. SAUNDERS, who is a candidate for the East Ward of Perth, will address the ratepayers of that ward at the Star and Gartor Hotel, this evening. DURING the past Municipal year, the Perth City Council have held twelve general, seven- teen committee, fourteen special, and four public meetings—making a total of forty- seven meetings held during the year. Mr A. K. MONEY, who succeeds Mr. Jacobs in the Resident Secretaryship of the A.M.P. Society in this colony, arrived in Perth on Monday, and will take up the duties of his position immediately. WE understand that Mr. J. Korlie, of Fre- mantle, intends transforming his block of property at the corner of Point and Canton- ment-streets into a large and commodious hotel, and already building operations have commenced. AT the Perth Police Court yesterday morning, before Mr. J. C. H. James, J.P. (in the absence of the acting Police Magistrate at Guilford), Isaac Clements, for a breach of the ticket-of-leave regulations, was sent to prison for two months, with hard labour. IT will be seen from a notice appearing in our advertising columns that a military ball, under the patronage of the Commandant and officers of the Volunteer Force will be held in the Perth Town Hall this evening. The prices for admission and other particulars are given in the advertisement. WE are requested by Messrs. Dulgety & Company, Limited, to inform importers that the dates of next shipment of cargo for North West ports and Geraldton, by steamers from London, or Glasgow, Liverpool, Antwerp, or Hamburg, if preferable to shipper, on though bill of lading, will be the middle of January and the middle of March. AT a special meeting of the Fremantle Muni- cipal Council, held on Monday evening after the ratepayers meeting, it was resolved to ask the members for the town to introduce a Bill into the Legislature to legalise the action of the Council in their actions respecting the raising of (he recent loan, which, as reported by the Council's solicitors, had been raised illegally. The following is the programme of the dance music at to-night's volunteer ball:—March, "Comrades Still," H. Round; Quadrille, "Dorothy," Bucalossi ; Valse, " Peirrot," Meizller ; Polka, "Powder Monkey," Burns ; Selection, "Evening Revels," Richards ; Valse, Leydell ; Selection, "Papirelle," Boisson ; Valse, "Dreamsong," Linton ; God Save the Queen. A CAKE fair entertainment took place in the Parsonage enclosure, Fremantle, yesterday, the proceeds being in aid of the organ fund. The weather being favourable, there was a large attendance, who fully appreciated the efforts made by Archdeacon and Mrs. Wat- kins, to provide fer them an open air enter- tainment. Special selections of music were given by the Fremantle Rifle Volunteer Band, and no doubt a good sum was realised at the gate. WE agree with a local contemporary, says the European Mail, that Lord Brassey, who decided some time ago to purchase 10,000 acres of land in Western Australia, could not have appointed a better man for his agent than Mr. Arthur Anderson. Far some time Mr. An- derson was assistant to Mr. Thomas Jamieson, city analyst Aberdeen, and was for three years under him as a local manager of the Sussex Experimental Stations. Two years ago Mr. Anderson received a three years' appointment from the Western Australian Land Company as scientific expert, his duties being to select land for this company, which they received from Government for building a railway between King George's Sound and Beverley, a distance of 243½ miles. To show the importance of the appointment, Mr. Anderson had to select 12,000 acres of land for every mile of railway built, [?] none of 40 miles on each side of railway. AT the annual general meeting of the West Australian Agricultural Society held last week Mr. Loton, M.L.C., stated that he would again offer a special prize of £2 2s. for jumping, and Mr. E. F. Darlot said that he would give a special prize in the light horse class. Mr. E. T Hooley offered a prize of two guineas for the best jumper. The trea- surer stated that the amount of the receipts and expenditure at the end of December, 1888, was very much on a par with that of the previous year. The debit balance at the end of the same month was £363, but the in- debtedness had been reduced in June of the present year to £185, as compared with £216 in 1888. That step in the right direc- tion had been followed up until now the deficit stood at about £50. There had not been, however, so much expenditure during the present year as formerly. The members' subscriptions and entrance fees amounted to £14 and the gate money to about £150, being an increase of about £50, and demon- strating that folly one thousand persons had visited the show this year over the number attending previously. A MEETING of the ratepayers of the East Ward was held at the Kensington Hotel last night, at which ever fifty were present. Mr. A. Forrest, M.LC, presided. Mr. H. J. Saunders, in addressing the meeting, said that if returned his motto would be "Deeds, not words," and that be would be glad to, meet the electors personally, it being prefer- able to addressing them in public meeting, which he would have to do in the Town Hall on Friday evening next, and he was glad that he would have the pleasure of meeting them again at the Star and Garter on Wednesday evening. He was in favor of repairing the Cemetery-road without delay, and was favor- able to the waterworks and tramway schemes. He was also in favor of the upkeep of the present made roads, instead of making new ones for the present, as well as for improving the Recreation Ground. A vote of confidence was unanimously passed, after which Mr. Neelands briefly addressed the meeting, and a vote of confidence was unanimously accorded to him. A vote of thanks to the chair concluded the meeting. THE annual general meeting of the Perth Musical Union was held last evening, when Mr. R. B. Burnside (hon treasurer) read the annual report, which contained expressions of congratulation at the marked progress which had been made by the Society during the past twelve months. Special mention was made of the production of such high class music as the Elijah, and the great success attending the concerts was attributed in no small de- gree to the unweary efforts and ability of the talented honorary conductor, Mr. A. R. Hensman. Since last January the library had been materially supplemented, both by new works and the completion of old vocal and instrumental scores. The committee had authorised the sub-committee and the honor- ary conductor to take steps towards further improving the library. The membership had greatly increased during the past year, and now the number on the roll was 100. The financial statement [?] that the total credit balance stood at £42 3s. 10d. All the former officers were re-elected, excepting Mr. R. H. Burnside, who, greatly to the regret of the Union, resigned his secretaryship, Mr. H. W. Gibbs being elected to the office. A CORRESPONDENT, writing under yesterday's date, says : "The aboriginal corobboree held at a swamp known as Berry's,about two miles from the Town Hall, last evening, was, to a certain extent, a failure,as the fires burnt very low—creating a dreadful smoke—and the night was also rather dark. There were about 100 of the blacks assembled, and between three or four hundred white visitor, principally young folk. The proceedings did not commence until a little after 10 o'clock, and were very indistinct. The whites pressed, forward and obstructed the view, although the natives frequently re- quested them to form a larger circle, and give them more room to dance, and they would then all be able to look on. There being no white person in authority, no notice was taken of the request. The men were decorated about the head with fancy shavings, scraped from sticks ; their breast and arms were dotted and marked in various designs with pipe-clay, and the remainder of the body presented a polished appearance, pro- duced from a mixture of wilgy and grease. The men were nearly nud, and the women were ornamented on the breast and arms only. The moon rose amid dark clouds and there was every appearance of rain. The dance broke up at a little before 11 o'clock. ACCORDING to the official meteorological re- port for the twenty-four hours preceding 9 a.m. yesterday, rain fell at the undermen- tioned observing stations to the extent speci- fied:—Newcastle, .02; Gingin, .01; York, .01; Guildford, .07; Perth, .03; Fremantle, .04; Pinjarrah, .07; Mandurah, .05; Ban- nister, .05; Williams, .04; Vasse, .01; Mt. Barker, .06 ; Bremer Bay, .05 ; and Israelite Bay, .01. The weather was cloudy at Car- narvon, Dongarra, Northam, Perth, Freman- tle, Jarrahdale, Bannister, Mt. Barker, Israelite Bay, and Bridgetown; fine, but cloudy, at La Grange Bay, and Condon, Northampton, Greenough, and Eyre; over- east at Hamelin Pool, Geraldton, Gingin, Guildford, Mandurah, Williams, Kojonup, Esperance Bay, Arthur, and Berkshire; overcast but fine at Carnamah ; misty rain at New Norcia ; threatening rain at Newcastle, York, Bunbury, and Bremer Bay; light showers at Pinjarrah, light rain at Vasse; gloomy at Albany, and generally fine at all other observing statious. The maximum temperature in shade during the same period was as follows: Derby, 100; Cossack, 89; Ashburton, 86; Carnarvon, 78; Geraldton, 78; York, 80; Perth, 86; Fremantle, 79; Bunbury, 80; Albany, 63; and Esperance Bay, 69. THE fine triple lancet window in St. George's Cathedral, presented by H.E. the Governor and consecrated on Sunday last, is in effec- tive harmony with the character of the sacred edifice which it adorns. The centre light is 36ft x 3ft, and the side light, 27ft x 2ft 6in. The subjects are placed in fields of white "quarries," with foliated border, which like the subjects, is richly coloured. The principle subjects delineated in the centre are "The Last Supper," "The Crucifixion," "The Ascension," and surmounting these a figure of "Our Lord in majesty," with attend- ant angles. Underneath, in a circle and shield respectively, are pourtrayed the "Lamb," and the "Cross, and Crown of Thorns." On the south side the most promin- ence is given to "Our Lord's Agony in the Garden," "The Resurrection," and the "Descent of the Holy Ghost." Small designs in circular form of the "Dove," the "Lion," and the monogram symbol of "Our Lord's Cross and Passion," also find a place, and underneath in a shield are the "Whipping Post and Scourge." On the north side are "Our Lord's entry into Jerusalem," "Our Lord bearing the Cross," and "Our Lord's Charge to St. Peter ; " also in small circles, the "Hand," the "Pelican," and the monogram "I.H.S." with "The Three Nails" in a small shield. The whole completes an extremely beautiful effect. YESTERDAY afternoon the marriage of Miss Amy E. Moore, second daughter of Mr. W. D. Moore, of Fremantle, with Dr. L. E. Harston, was solemniseed at St. George's Cathedral. The Right Rev. Bishop Parry officiated, as- sisted by the Very Rev. the Dean, and the Rev. J. E. Harston, brother of the bride- groom. The Cathedral was thronged through- out with the friends, relatives, and well wishers of the bridal pair. Dr. Harston, with his best man, Mr. W. A. Gale, arrived at the church a little before three o'clock, and shortly afterwards the bride, accom- panied by her father, who gave her away, drove up, when the choir, who had formed a procession with the clergy in the centre aisle, moved up to their seats in the chancel, singing the marriage hymn from Hymns Ancient and Modern, the bride, with her father and her bridesmaids, following behind. Miss Moore had but two bridesmaids, Miss Hope and Miss Susan Moore, her sister, who were dressed in pink nun's veiling, with white ribbons, and pink ruching on the skirts. They also wore very pretty hats of pink gathered silk. The bride, who looked re- markably well, was attired in a plain dress of white corded silk, with white veil, and orange blossoms. The service had a full choral, and at the close Mr. Harston read an address in place of the exhortation in the prayer-book. After the conclusion of the service, as the wedding party passed into the vestry, Miss Wilkinson, who presided most efficiently at the organ, played the well known wedding march of Mendelssohn's. All the guests then adjourned to Miss Moore's house in St. George's-terrace, whore the bride and bride- groom received the congratulations of their friends, and where their wedding presents, among which were many useful and beautiful gifts, were displayed. After some light refreshments had been partaken of, the Bishop proposed the health of the bride and bridegroom, for which Dr. Harston briefly returned thanks in the name of himself and his wife. Shortly afterwards Dr. and Mrs. Harston departed, amid copious showers of rice, on their honeymoon trip, for Fremantle, where they intend to spend the next week or two. 