FROM MY NOTE BOOK. BY "TUB VAGABOND." AT NAPLES. 'Sec Naples and die. " So runs tlio old pro- vet l>. To travellers by roil from Romo or Foggin tlio first view of Naples is not very im- | prcsiire. But from tlie sen Naples is cer- | tniuly n most beautiful place. And yel, I think that I . have aeon many as lovely. Australian travellers by tlio Orient route have an opportunity of a day ashore at Naples. The voyage along tho Mediterranean from Port Said is a most charm ing one. Passing through the Straits of Mes sina, Scylla and Clmrybdis on cither side, Mount Etna towering in tho distance, Stromboli, another active volcano, overhung by a mushroom topped cloud of smoke, the day's voyage along this coast of Southern Italy is as beautiful as man need wish. Mountain heights, fertile slopes covered with vineyards and olive groves, villages nnd small towns perched in rocky recesses over sheltered hays which afford suro anchorage and harbor for' sailing craft, tho crosses glittering on the tall campaniles of the church towers, gloomy castlos, often in ruins, dominat ing both church and town, wliito villas built in Inter and moro peaceful years dotting tho hills and water sido — the hand of man has im proved Nature ill making everything beautiful. The promontory nnd ruins of Misenuin recall tho days when the navy of Romo lay at anchor here. The Bay of Sorrento brings memories of Port Phillip. Thero is a cer tain likeness in the picturesque outlines of the chore, r.r.d in the clear waters, and In +'i" clearer sky. Italy docs not possess a more beautiful atmosphere than ours. In this respect , Naples possesses one of the greatest charms to visitors from cold foggy England and Northern Europe. To us from tlio Antipodes this is no novel attraction. Italy cannot surpass Australia in climate. Capri looms up on tlio loft. We are soon sailing near its rocky cliffs. Tlio quiet sea gently laves the base of the beetling precipice, on tho summit of which aro the ruins of tlio Villa .Tovis. There tho tyrant Tiberius Caisar lived a life which even in the days when existence was one uniform plane of selfishness horrified all men. The bodies of the victims of liis hate or passing anger were hurled from those heights, nnd dashed from tlie rocks into the waters beneath. Tlie place rooked of blood and murder. It is a spot which should be as accursed as any on earth. Yet tlio centuries linve rolled on and Tiberius and his victims are forgotten. As tho sea lias washed away tlio blood, so oblivion has buried tlio acts. Peaceful vineyards cover tlie inland slopes, and tho villages are tho resort of winter tourists, who find fair accommodation in tlio hotels, and who climb up to tlio ruins of tho Palace and flirt and spoon on tlio spot whoro bloodthirsty Imperious Ciesni issued tlioso edicts which held tlie world in awe. If ever placo should be haunted it is Capri. Yet they cannot raise a ghost there. Instead of that they liavo started an English church, Capri already having a Catiiolic cathe dral and bishop. But R.C. bishops mo as plentiful in Italy ns colonels in America. At every place on tlio Continent whore two or throe English families aro gathered togotiicr a xvan- H dering Protestant preacher will settle down and SB start in business. Capri is a cheaper and moro | healthy placetoresideinthnnNaplos. Thewomen are perhaps the most lovely in Europe. They are quite a distinct raco to the Neapolitans on tlio main land a few miles distant. I imagine that tlioro is a strain of Arab blood in them, or of some of tlie barbarian followers o£ Ciesar who made up tlio settlement here in tho early days. Capri resembles Tasmania in that there is an I overwhelming proportion of femalo inhabitants. The majority of tlie native males ore absent on fishing boats or diving for coral. The view of Naples from the sen is strangely familiar. One appears to have left it but yes terday. Those who have never been bore before must recognise Naples by the crowning feature of its landscape — Vesuvius. Everyone lias seen this volcano represented on thousands of net drops, Btnge scenes, wood cuts anil cliromos. Without Vesuvius tlie Bay of Naples would nut bo as beautiful ns Sydney harbor. Vesuvius with its faint column of white smoke ever rising from tlio crater has a strange, unreal appearance. It looks like tlie background of ono of Mr. George Cordon's magnificent stage sets. But take away Vesuvius, ar.d Australians would find tlio view of Naples only ordinarily attractive. As re gards ' the city itself I decidedly think Sydney from ' tho water is more beauti ful. Certainly tliero is a sort of symmetry in the manner in whicii the houses of Naples riso one nbovo tho other from the wator's edge, the crosses on tho Cathedral nnd churches, and . ttie castle of St. Ehno standing out in bold relief. At early night time, when tlio city is lighted up, Naples from tho sea looks most picturesque. But when you lnnd a great deal of tlie romance disap pears. Naples is ono of tho dirtiest cities in Europe, or the world. It is a city of evil odors. Much has been said, and witli truth, against our sanitary arrangements in Melbourne. Many say they could not he worse. They should go to Naples. Nanow streets and high houses prevent proper ventilation. This is a city full of disease and malfonnity. In ono half hour in Naples tlio traveller will see moro cripples, monstrosities in human form, than in Australia in a life timo. 'l'ho proverb " See Naples and die " would I think- in my case bo realised if I attempted to livo here. The beauties of tlie bay, and the water anil the sky, and of distant Vesuvius, cannot make up for tlie lack of cleanliness nnd decency amongst all classes at Naples — princes, priests and peasants alike. A well known pioneer squatter, now residing in Kent, said to mo tlie other day that lie fore saw a danger of the young Melbourne people in the future' being without legs, or at least with tlie weakest possiblo support. " No one walks nowadays" said Mr. R. " Tho suburban rail ways were bad enough, but now that you have got the tramways and elevators yon never givo exercise to your calves. Thirty years ago i used to walk in from Toornk to Melbourne, now the youngest clerk takes a tram rido if lie has to go two blocks on business. At this rato in 50 years you will bo absolutely without legs in this city." But on the same authority tho present Australian is degenerate in other ways. " "When I go into clubs now and hear men call ing for half glasses of whisky and cigarettes I think of tlie days wlion wo who founded the colony used to driuk big nobblors and smoke Barrett's twist." If Melbourne is getting to resemble Naples in the height of its buildings, in other rcspeots tho I latter city is, from Mr. R.'s point of view, to ho preferred ns a place where tlio people will develop muscular legs through a course of train ing in going up and down the stairs ' of theso wonderful high houses. If you can imagino Little Colliii3-streot, bordered on each side by houses n3 tall as Broil s-buildinga or Fink'B-buildings, you xvill have a general idea of tho streets of Naples. A few dirty alleys like those in tlie Chinese quarter of Little Bourko-street would complete tlio resemblance. One recognises now why large wax matches are principally mado in Italy. Tlio people light their way up the staii-3 nt night with them. Driving through tlio streets of Naples it makes one's licad ache to endeavor to make out tlio features of the flat- capped young girls who aro looking out from tlio iron balconies of tlie top lofts. I daresay wo should be disenchanted 011 a nearer view. Naples lias four show places. Tho Cathedral of San Gennnro or St. Janimrius, tlio San Carlo Theatre, tlio Royal Palace and tlio Koynl Museum. At tlie latter there is a wonderful and most interesting collec tion of relics from Pompeii and Hercul- aneum. Travellers will be generally first taken o the cathedral. The doorways nro finely carved, and the granite columns aro said to have once belonged to the Templo of Apollo, the pride of tlio Roman city of Noapolis. After Viewing tjio churches of Romo those of Naples seem much poorer and more dirty'; but, for the matter of that, St. Peter's and St. Paul's nt -ome, although they are like gorgeous jewel eases, nro not kept very clean. A Catholic lady of our party says to me, "St. Peter's was magnificent, but I could not help noticing . that it was also dirty. And tlio wicked, frowsy looking old monks in seedy brown cloth cloaks, sitting lazily chanting, did hot. add to tho beauty of the surroundings. If anything could turn mo " from my religion it would- lie tho appearance of ' those dirty priests and monks wo saw at Rome." j-M Naplse everything oonnfeted with the i" ' ' Catholic religion is n little meaner nnd a littlo dirtier. Thecathcdrnl of San Gennnro, tlio patron saint of Naples, is noted that it contains two pliials of tlie worthy gentleman's blood. Twico or tlirico a year tlioro is a revival rally nt tlio cathedral. Priests thou bring out these phials, which "miraculously" liquify in a certain time. Scientists say that tlio clotted fluid dis solves by tlie heat of tlio hand. People have to contribute to the funds of tlio catheilrnl to witness this "miracle," although I nm not aware that any material or spiritual good is sup posed to nriso therefrom. Ally conjuror can "show our eyes " n better trick, nnd Pro fessor Kennedy witli his mesmeric power outdoes this and nil tlio other miracles of tlio saints. Thero nro of coursef beggars and cripples on tlio steps of tlie Cathedral of San Gennnro. Naples is' full of beggars nnd thieves. Tlio most noted pickpockets ir, Europe nre here. " Tho greatest of Garibaldi's triumphs," said a young Neapolitan nobleman of my acquaint ance, who fought under tho hero of Cnprern, " was that when ho entered Naples, after con quering tile two Sicilies, - tho people for that ono day forgot to steal." Around tlie eatliodrnl we see, too, some picturesquo ragged boys in clmrgo of smnll flocks of ewo goats, which are driven about through tlie streets to supply milk to tlio inhabitants. Many of tlio women are quaintly dressed after tlie opera boujj'c style, in tight bodices without corsets, and in short skirts and square flat-topped caps, tho origin of which was to enable them to carry burdens on their heads. But when I now revisit Italy, after many long years, I see generally a woful change in tlio costumes and customs of tlio people. Thirty years ago tlio people of Naples, it superstitious and degraded, had at ieest artistic pcrrantinns in tim matter of dress. Now tho Neapolitans anil Southern Italians generally appear to me to liavo lost nil taste in color. A moro ordinary looking, badly dressed crowd one could not moot with. Tho women anil men have nil taken to imitations of the cheap Paris fashions. Tho travelling Eng lish "Milor," with his vulgar tourist suit, lias had liis share in degrading tlio taste of tlio Neapolitans. Youths in good positions in life, as Neapolitan society " goes, stroll about attired in loud chocks, just as tlio English tourist does. "Witli their dark, heavy Semitic features and short stature, the Neapolitan youths we meet in the cafes have no better appearance than low Loudon .Tew boys or larrikins. The women, witli their "switchback" hats and "improvers," are not by any means to be compared in style nnd tasteful costumes to tlie Melbourne girls as seen on the "Blook"or at Caulficld or Flcinington. I don't think that nt any capital in Europe one will moot worse or moro vulgarly dressed men nnd. women than now in Naples. It is tlio feast of Corpus Domini, tlio Body of God. All Naples is rejoicing and making holi day, as it would make holiday on a festu of tho Corpus Diaboli if such were in tlio cnlcndnr of Holy Church. It makes holiday as it did in tlie days when Yonus and Apollo nnd Jupiter and Saturn were worshipped on these shores, and Fompcii nnd Herculnncum were tlio resorts of Roman fnsliion, and life was pleasant and wicked and sweet, and thero was no thought of tlio morrow or of tho deadly destruc tion hidden in tlio depths of Vesuvius, smouldering tlion as now. It is in tlio blood of tlio people of Southern Italy. Tlio smnllest excuse suffices for a festival. Tho love of life and of living inherited from Greek ances tors is enhanced by tho environments of climntc and association. Tho people nro born to do nothing except mako holiday. Tlioy fulfil thcir destiny ns much as possible. In tlio afternoon all tho world of Naples is driving on tlio Hiviera di Chiaja, wliero there are public gardens facing tlio bay, and a few good hotels and tlio palaces of wealthy princes and bankers. On tlie Chiaja you recognise that tlie Naples of to-day is thoroughly demo cratic. If you do not exactly see tho prototypo of tlio Loudon costerinonger, still tlioro are pooplo driving about here in broken down hired carriages who appear of a very low stage in the social grade. Neither in London, Paris, Berlin nor Vienna have I seen such a strange mixture of people. I suppose it is bccaiiBO the inhabi tants liavo so much climbing of stairs in reaching their chambers that the summit of everyone's ambition seeins to bo to take a drive. One sees all tlio rank, nnd the fnsliion, nnd tlie beauty of Naples oil tho Chiaja on this day of Corpus Domini, and you also see nil tho boitrt/coisc, and shop boys and girls, and nrtists, nnd artisans, xvlio have saved up enough money- to hire a carriage for an hour. Carriages, horses and occupants nre generally mo3t ordinary. The beggars of Naples instinctively scent out n nexv climn. ' They don't worry their com patriots much, but suo tlio Australians with mute appeals for charity. Tho pooplo of Southern Italy make as much use of pantomimic action as the natives of tlie South Seas. Two men sitting down at a cafd appear to carry on an animated conversation with tlie ngonoy of their fingers. There is an occasional altro which brings a roply of altro, and a shake of tho finger, tho ono word with this pantom imo having quitp a different meuning to the other. There is an entire absonce of the pioturesquo luzzaroni of former years. Peripatetic vendors of various trifles force tbeir wares upon your notice. There are scores of these hawkers, who one and all appear to bo possessed xvitli tlio idea that wo liavo an insane desire to purchase canes. It may lie that tlioy recoguise their probable use in (renting off other importunate ones. Tlio fiowergiris add to tlio number of our tormentors. Tlie Neapolitan flower girl is a disappointment. She is generally aged nnd ugly, in fact I question if xvo see a handsome woman in all Naples. Canes and photographs nnd cigarettes aro tho principal things forced upon travellers. Most articles in Naples appear to bo rea-onable enough, much cheaper than in England, . nnd yet this is a strictly protectionist country. "Frcc-trade,"says tlio Young Fatlior, who is of our party, " is living on one's capital. Protec tion is living on one's interest." This is an original remark, I bolicvo, and tlio idea forces itself on one hero in Italy. Living in Naples and tlio suburbs is far moro reasonable than in Groat Britain, anil tliero are many English rcsidonts about Naples whoso incomes are derived from freo-trado England, lind nro spent to tho best advantage in protectionist Italy. "Wo aro in the Via Roma. A priest is xvalk- ing down tho road. lie is attended by a dozen filthy looking acolytes, some swinging censers, others carrying long sticks, in .which burning candles nro placed, others holding a canopy over his head. I wondor how many Romish priests recognise this canopy, which figures so, often in their processions, as tho outcome of tho Hebrew Koopar, tlie slinwl which fixed on sp car heads shaded tho priest in til e deserts of Sinai and Syria, whonhobured his head to make sacrifice to the Lord of Hosts. This Neapolitan priest is on a sacred mission. In his arms ho bears the counterfeit presentment of tho Child Christ. It looks like a good sized baby, and is iii fact but a wooden doll very shabbily attired in faded vestments. I nsk a man in tlie crowd what this procession means ? He tells mo that the Bambino is being taken to visit a sick person. If the patient is to get better, tlio Bambino will turn rod, if lie is to die it will turn pale ! Naples and Rome are the only two places where I liavo seen a Bambino. In tlio capital of Italy and tlio Catiiolic Faith, tlio Child Christ is gorgeously bedizened xvitli jexvels and is taken in a carriago escorted by priests clothed in silk and lace. It is a great and expensive thing for a good Catholic to get a visit from the Bambino. "I could never liavo be lieved that anyone xx-ould bo so superstitious," says the Catholic lady of our party. Yet this Bambino as xx- cll as tho San Gennnro fraud, is an authorised function of Holy Church. Another acquaintance of mine tells mo that tlio Jesuits and better educated Catiiolic priests do not believe in cither tlio baby doll or tlie blood of Gennnro. But they say that the Italians are so imaginative and impressivo that tlioy have to appeal to their, feelings by every outxx-ard and visible sign. " I think," says tho Australian lady to me, "that tho priests ought to tench tlio people of Naples in some manner that cleanli ness is next to godliness, and that soap and water are preventives to contagion." Tlio Italian clergy ignore ablutions altogether. Half tlie travelling world lias been to Pompeii, and thousands have written their impressions. Tho best and most humorous which I remember was Tlie Fijian in Pompeii, by Mr. Thomas Parker, ono of tho early pioneers of oivilisation in Lovukn. I hnyo no in tention of adding' to tho tons of Pompoiian literature. Travellers can rend all about it in Baedeker's, and if Mr. "Wilson Barrett should come out here and play Clandian they will got an aceurato idea of the life and sudden destruc tion of the great city. The firework display of Mr. .Tames Pain which he called The Last Days of Pompeii wns also nit excellent suggestion of xvhat tlio original may have boon. This clever piece of xvorlt is now being slioxvn by Mr. Pain at Paris and is sure to be as popular tlioro as it was hero. Tlie lesson of Pompeii is of tlie time ns mucli as of tlie event. . Tho historian well says : — " It xx-as n monstrous and unnatural period of gigan tic opulence and titanic sin ; n tirao both of blood anil luxury ; when tlio xvorhl ate and ilrank inoi-c, and lied and blasphemed more, and xvns at once moro knowing anil more super stitious than it lias over boon knoxvn to lie since. Something tropical is tho ellcct that entoriiig into it produces on tlio imagination xvhicli still retains any healthy northern simplicity of character. Yon gasp for air. Tho soul is in an atmosphere close and hot ; oloudy xvitli coarse perfume; xvhera tho floxvers and vegetation have, with monstrous proportions, something glaring and ghastly in their beauty, and some thing sickly in their breath. Foul figures of every land swarin round you; brawny mur derers from tlie Danube, and dusky greasy saoundrcls from the Nile. All that is bad is near. There aro sounds of rovolry, which nre allied with unutterable shame. Tlio clashing of cymbals and the notes of lutes, tlie gleam of gold and of wine, do not chnrni hero ; they terrify. Tlie smoke of the xvickcd feasts blots out tho heaven above you, and like tlio drifting smoke from a funeral pile, is heavy with tlio odors of death. " Tlio question comes to us now — Is this Neapolitan world much better ? Superstition is as great in Naples to-day as in Pompeii of old. Holy Church, all things to nil men, " comes the countryman " in pnndcr- ing to the tastes of imaginative Italians, and in condoning tho moral slips of its frail woman kind, whilst it claims credit in Ireland for pro moting xvbnt is only tin- imtnrnl vlrt.no of" t.lio Celtic race, anil in Australia acts as tho patron of Irish patriots. And yet here in Naples, . ns in Rome, the church nnd its popes and its bishops and priests are moro heartily despised by mnny so-called Catholics than anywhere in tlio world. Yot in this life in Naples tliero is still something tropi cal. Tliero arc sounds of rovolry nnd of music. Tlio women, if not fair, aro mobile. Tlioro is wine and laughter, and vice and crime under tlie shadow of tlio Cross, nnd tlio xvarning sinoko of Vesuvius ever whitens the horizon. Vesuvius, in old days, may bo said to liavo belonged to Naples, noxv it partly belongs to Thomas Cook and Eons, thcTourist Agents, who linve purclinscd the Ftitiionlarc Railway, xvliich is an easy mode of ascent to tlio cone. Cook's gold banded polyglot couriers aro nt every steamer. and at all tlio hotels ready to make arrangements to take a party to Vesuvius. And in Italy and tho East a passing traveller had perhaps better place himself under tho guidance of nn accredited agency liko this. In tho old days it xvus qnito a job to scala Vesuvius. You started with a party of guides, half a dozen to each person, and those pulled you up beforo and pushed you up behind in tlio energetic manner of tho Arabs at tlio Great Pyramids. Tho experience is not n nice ono for a lady. Now it is altogether dif ferent. The Finiiculnre railway runs lip tlie heaviest incline of tlio mountain, being worked on somexvbat the samo principle as tlio tram ways in the slate quarries in "Wales. To go up Vcsnvius in this manner knocks nil tho romance out of tho business. Since I xvns in Italy be fore I have seen volcanoes in tlio Soutli Seas, to xvliich Vesuvius is a small aiul a poor tiling. When ex-cry one of Cook's personally conducted city clerks out on a holiday can do Vesuvius, thero is not much credit or "copy " to be got in scaling its sides on tho Funiculnre railway, nlthough nt every street corner you nre invited to do so by a patois song, xvhicli has replaced Santa Lucia in public favor here : — Nt, jaimno ; lie la term a in niontagna No passo iic't ; I.c voile Fi-ancia, Proceta, la Spagna E in vuco a to. Til-ate co Hi time nnltto nfatto ' Ncielo se va ; So x'a coinm a llo vlcnto, a i'antrasatto, (int. saglic, sfi, .lammo ncoppa, jammo, ja— Funiculi— fuuicula. Naples by night on this feast of Corpus Domini is a crowded animated oity, full of life and of laughter. Glider the gaslight the Parisian attired young Neapolitans do not look quite so bad. Tlio women In the throngs which pass up anil doxvn the streets aro supple in form anil inimical of tongue, if by daylight their features nro harsh and heavy. Tho uniforms of soldiers and officers givo a littlo variety to the costumes. Tlioro aro armed guards and armed police everywhere, soldiers, and priests and beggars making up a largo proportion of tlio population of Naples. Tlio people of Naples are in no hurry to go to bed, and when you look at tlie ton-storied houses you do not wonder that they hesitate to climb to their chambers in tho shy. Certainly. thi3 nightly procession of pooplo through tho principal streets of Naples is in many ways superior to what you would seo in Melbourne. Bonrko-strcet on a public holiday is comparatively sober and sad. Our Australian crowds aro in many re- Hpects much better behaved than those in tlio old .world, but generally speaking xvo lank gaiety. Tlio early closed shops givo our thoroughfares a gloomy appearance. Hero in Naples many quarters aro a blaze of light. Tliero aro cafes everywhere, for the rich and those who ape the rich, and xvino shops for tlio poor. Wine in Naples is cheaper than cofi'eo, and Chianti or tlio common wine of tlie country aro drinks which I recommend instead of coffee anil brandy. Iced coffee, a favorito beverago at tlie swell cufes, is a very good drink, but tlion as the iee is manufactured hero I question its quality. Yes ! Naples by night is full of light, anil life, nnd motion, anil song. Tlio darkness tones down tlio sliabbiness and dirt of tlio placo and tlie pooplo, and tlio lights cast pioturesquo sliadoxvs around. But if tho eye is deceived, another sense is actively outraged. Night cannot overcome tho evil odors of Naples. It is a merry and n laughing oity, but it i3 also n city of Frightful Stinks. Perhaps high up in tlio tenth stories of tho monster houses one may get a certain amount of fresh and pure air, and this may bo tho" raison d'etre of tlioBO gigantic structures. With tlio exocption of towns in China and Japan, Naples is perhaps themost crowded city inthe world. Thosuperficial spaco it occupies is perhaps not much lnrger'tlian the city of Mclbourno proper, yet it contains nbout 500,000 inhabitants xvlio live and die in the inidst of stinks. There arc wealthy families in Naples as well as beggars, There are high toned establish ments, xvlioro tliero is ns muoli style kept up as in Paris. Anil there arc clubs xvhere tlie gaming is as heqvy as at " Tlio Marl borough." But still tlio prominent idea of the traveller through Naples xvill be of its priests nnd beggars. It is a typical southern Italian toxvn, in that it is made up of Religion, Riches, Rngs and Ruins. From a distance Naples is lovely, but whon you tarry for some timo ashore, you aro terribly disenchanted and disgusted xvitli tho filth of the people, in xvhicli tlio priests set them such a bad example. Ono of our party says, "It is a pity Vesuvius docs not again send a slioxver of burning lava to destroy Naples and oremato the pooplo. It would bo n lesson to tlie rest of tlie Southern Italians to givo up praying and singing and turn tlieir minds to tho task of keeping their persons and dwoliings a little moro wholesome." With tlie wretched sanitary arrangements xvhich they have in Italy, one wonders that so many invalids come here in search of health. Climate is a groat deal, lint tlio immediate surroundings of a household tend to mako up an artificial climate. I think. tho sick and -tlio weak would stand a better cbanco of regaining health anil strength at our Sorrento in Port Phillip than nt Sorrento near Nnples. We hnvo on hoard our vessel a sad caso of a native born Australian gentleman xvlio lias failed to find tlio elixir of life on these Italian Bliores, and is returning to England to die. The namo of liis grand father, Sir Charles Fitzroy, lias passed into his tory. It is historical that ids mother, Sirs. Keitli Stewart, turned tlie sod of tho .first railway in Australia. His cousin, Admiral Sir Houston Stexvnrt, is a distinguished sailor. Tho gallant Admiral is my "stable mate" from Naples to Plymouth, nnil I never wish for a better companion. It is very interesting to talk to Mrs. Keith Stewart of early days in New South Wales. But tliero is a gloom nnd a sadness amongst us all, for wo know that tho gallnnt young gentleman born at Parramatta has failed to acquire health during his soujorn near Naples. I verily believe that a stay in our Australian climato xx-ould have renowed liis x-igor, whilst tho residence in Italy has only hastened liis dentil. 