THE FROZEN PIRATE.' BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor 'The Lady Mand,' ' A Sailor's Sweeoot heart,' Etc. Ceuraca XXIX.-(cosxrxuxn.) ' Dey say,' said he, ' dat Lunnon's a very fine place, s'h, biger dan Philadelphy, and dat a man's skin don' tell agin him among ds yaller gals dero.' * I laughed and said, that in my country people were ij d"ed rather by the coloar of thei hearts than by tI line of their faces. 'But dollars aount for something, too, sah, I spects?' said he. 'Why, yes,' said I, 'with dollars enough you can make black white in Enghud.' 'Humin !' cried he,. scratching his head. ' I guess it 'ud take an almighty load of dollars to make me white; massa.' ' Put money in your pocket and chink it,' said I, ' and your face'll be found white enough, I warrnt.' 'By gully !' cried he, ' I'll do it den. S'olp mde Lord, mavssa, I'd chiink twenty year for a white face. Dat comes ob bein' civilised. Tell'oo what day dew, massa, day makes you feel liko a white man, but dey lets you keep black, blast 'em 1' I checked his excitement by telling him that in my comuntry he would find that the negro was a person held in very high esteem, that the wome in particular valued him for that very dinginess which the Americans found distaste ful, and told, him that I could name several ladies of quality who had msirried their black servants. . He looked surprised, but not incredulous, and said is his peculiar dialect that he had no doubt I spoke the truth, as he had always heard thait England was a fine country to live in. I then led him insensibly from this topic to talk of the sea andhis experiences, and found that he had secm a very great deal, having tbeen freed when young, and keeping to the ocean over since in many different sorts of craft. Indeed, I was as much pleased with him as with Wilkinson, but then I had fore seen a simplicity in both the negroes, and, in expectation of finding this quality, so useful to one in my strange position, I was overjoyed when they consented to help me sail the schooner to the Thames. We went oni deck to relieve Wilkinson and Cromwell. Billy Pitt teook the tiller, and I walked to either rail and stared into the dark ness. It was very thick with eccasional squalls of snow, whictl put a screaming as of tortured eats into the wood as they swung through it. The sea was high, but the schooner was making excellent weather of it, whilst she rolled and pitched through the troubled dark ness at seven knots in the hour. 'Twas noble useful sailing,, yet a speed not to be relished in these waters amid so deep a shadow. Still the temptation to ' hold on all,' as we say, was very great; every mile carried us by so much nearer to the temperate parallces, dantshortened to that-extent the long, long passage that lay before nous. I was pacing the deck briskly, for the wind was horribly keen, when Pitt suddenly called out, ' I say, massa !' ' Hullo, I replied. ' Sah,' he cried, ' I smell ice !' I ]mow that this was a capacity not un coninon among men who had voyaged much in the frost regions of the deep, and instantly exclaimed, ' Luff, then, luff ! shake the wayout of her!' sniffing as I spoke, but detecting no added shrewdness in the air that was already freezingly cold. He put the helm down, and' I called to the others below to come on deck and flatten in the main sheet. They were up in a trice and tailed on with me, asking no questions, till we had the boom nearly amid ships. 1 was about to speak when Wilkinson cried out, 'I smell ice.' He sniffed a moment: ' Yes, there's an island aboard. Anybody see it?' 'Ay, dcre it am, sure enough!' cried Crom well. ' Dere-on de lee-bow-see it, sah ? See it, Billy?' Yes, I saw it plain enough when I know where to look for it. 'Twas just such another lump of faintness as had wrecked the Laughing Mire- a mass of dull~stcctral~licht~ustpg~he, •t"s?o"issaivisfrv hai-been steering whcn"Pitn t first called out, so that assuredly we had not shifted our 'hoboh a minute too soon. We chopped and wallowed past it slowly, keeping a sharp look-out fer like apparitions m' other quarters, and when it had disappeared 1 made up my mind to heave the schooner to and keep her in that posture till daylight, unless the night cleared. So we got the mainsail down and stowed it, clewed up the top-sail (which I lent a hand to roll up), and let the vessel lie under a reefed foresail with her helm lashed. The weathbr, however, must have ultimately compelled what the thickness had required; for by ten o'clock it was blow ing a hard gale, with a frequent hoariness of clouds of snow upon the blackness, the seas very high and foaming, and the wind crying madly in the rigging. I let some time go by, and then sounded the well and found no more water than the depth at which the pump sucked. This did wonders in the way of reassuring the men, who were rendered uneasy by the violent motions of the unwieldy vessel, and by the very harsh sltraining noises which rose out of the hold, which latter they would naturally attribute to the craziness of the fabric, though the terue cause of it lay in the number of loose, movable bulkheads. 'It's amazin' to me, that she holds to gether at all,' cried Wilkinson, ' so ancient she is!' ' She's only old,' said I, ' in the sound of the years she's been in existence. The ice has kept her young. Would the hams and tongues we're eating be taken to be half a century old? yet where could you buy sweeter and better meat of the kind ashore? A ship's well is your only honest reporter of her condition. aOurs has vouched in a way that should keep you easy.' 'Arter do Soosan Tucker dis is like bein' hung up to dry,' exclaimed one of the neroes. ' It war pump, pump here and no mistake. I call dis a werry beautiful little sheep, massa; yes, s'elp me do Lord, dere's nufin could persuade me she ain't what I says she am.' However, I was up and down a good deal dur ingthe night. But for the treasure I should have been less anxious, I dare say. I had come so successfully to this point that I was resolved, if my hopes were to miscarry, the misfortune should not be owing to want of vigilance on my part; and there happened an incident which inevitably tended to sharpen my watch fulness, though I was perfectly conscious there was a mifliontooneagainstitsoecurin" a second time. I came on deck to relieve Wilhinson, at midnight, after a' half-hour's nodding doze by the furnace below. He went to his cabin; I steod under thelee of a cloth seized in the Weather main riggisg. Pitt'arrived, and I told him he could return tolthe cook-house and stay thcre till I called him. The helm being lashed, and the schooner dooig very well, nethin" wanted watching in particular, yet I wouli not have the deck abandoned, and meant to keep a look-out, turn and turn about with Pitt, as Wilkinson and Cromwell had. The snow had ceased; but it was very dark and thick, the ocean a roaring shadow, palpitating upon the eyes in rolling folds of blacimess, with the quick expiring flash of foam to windward. On a sudden, looking over the weather quarter, nmethought I discerned a deeper shade in the night there that was elsewhere perceptible. It was like a great blot of ink upen the darkness. Even whilst I speculated, it drew eut in the ohape of a ship running before the gale. She seemed to be heading directly for us. The roof of my mouth turned dry as desert-sand; my tongue and limbs refused their office; I could neither cry nor stir, being indeed para-" lzedby the terribl suddenness of that appari tion and the imminence of our peril. It all happened whilst yeu could have told thirty. The groat black mass surged up with the water boiling about the bows; she brought a thunder along with her in her rigging and sails as she soared to the crowns of the seas she wassweep 'ag before. I could not tell what canvas she was under, but her speed was a full ten knots, and as I did not see her till she wis close, she 'lobked to come upon as with a single bound. She passed us to windward within 'a stonu's throw, and varished like a dark cloud inelting into the surrounding blackness. Not u gleam of light broke from her; you heard nothing but the boiling at her bows and the thundecroeas pealings of the gale in her canvas. Aquarter turn of the wheel would have sent us to the bottcm, and her, no doubt, on top - of us. Whether she was the 8usansT, Tker, or some other whaler, or a big South-seaman driven low and retting what easting she 'could out of the gaue, I know not. She was as complete a mystery of the-ocean night as any spectral fabric, and a heavier'terror to me than a phantasm worked by ghosts could have proved. .,'-" I knew such a thing could not happen agan, yet when I called Pitt I talked to hen about it as though wemust certainly be run down if he did not kbep a sharp look-out, 'and when my watch below came round at four o'clock I was 'so agitated that I was up .and down'till:day break, as thoiigh my duty did not end tell then. 'l'bhisbi4 by ;~eliealsc ebqiek withtal*,thor. The bgd1'odrutodd~t onis'h,k, d, though it was a gloomy;y" .ue Cape "Horn'?orning, with' dark driving clouds,; the se;'a dusky olive, tory hollo w,-an frequent'small quick squalls of sleet which brought the wind to us in sharp guns, yet as we could see where we were going, I got the schooner before it, heading her east north-east, and under a reefed topsail, main sail, and staysail,. the old bucket stormed through it with the sputter and rage of a line-of-battle ship. There was a log-reel and line on deec, and I found a sand-glass in the chest in my cabin in which I had met with thesquadrants, perspective glass, and the like, and I kept this log regularly going marking a point of departure on tle chart the Ameican captain had given me, which I after wards foundtd be within two leagues and a half of the true position. But for three days the weather continued so heavy that there was nothing to be done in the shape of gratifying the men's expectations by overhaulingwhat was left of the cargo. Indeed, we had no leisure for such work;, all our waking hours had to be strictly dedicated to the echooeur, and in keep ing a look-out for ice. But the morning of the fourth day broke with a fine sky and a brisk breeze from a little to the east of south, to which we showed every cloth the schooner had to throw abroad, and being now by dead reckoning within a few leagues of the meridian of i0dog., Ishaped a course north by east by my compass, with the design of getting a view of Staten Island that I might correct my micu Iltions. w non we had made Bail and got our break fast, I told Wilkinson and Cromwell (Pitt being at the tiller) that now was a good opportuity for inspecting the contents of the hold; and (not to be tedious in this part of my relation, however I may have .csined in this respect elsewhere) we carried lanthorns below, and spent the better part of the forenoon in taking stock. From a copy of the memorandum I made on that occasion (still in my possession), we discovered that the Y-&nkee; captain had left us the following:-Tlhirty casks of rum, twenty eight hogsheads of claret, seventy-five casks of brandy, fifty of sherry, and eighteen cases of beer in bottles. In addition to this were the stores in the lazarette (besides a quantity of several kinds of wine in jars, etc.) elsewhere enumerated, besides all the ship's furniture, her guns powder, small-arms, etc., as well as the ship herself. 1 took the men into the run and showed them the chests, opening the little one which I had stocked with small- arms, and lifting the lids of two or three of the others. They were perfectly satisfied, fully believing all the chests to be filled with small-arms and nothing else, and so "we came away and returned to the cabin, where, to please them, I put down the value of the cargo at a venture, setting figures against each article, and making out.a totalof two thousand six hundred and forty pounds. This, of course, includedthe chip. ' How much 'll dat boa man, massa ?' asked Cromwell. ' Six hundred and sixty pounds,' I answered. The poor fellowwasv so transported that,after diring at me in sailence with the cornero of his mouth stretched to his cars, he tossed up his hands, burst into a roar of laughter, and made several skips about the deck. 'Of course,' said I, addressing Wilkinson, my figures may be ahead or short of the truth. But if you are disposed to take the chance, I'll tell you what I'll do ; I'll stand by my fi'ures, accepting the risk of the value of the lding beingless than what I say it is, and mudertake to give each man of you six hundrqd and sixty pounds for your share. 'Well, sir,' said he, ' I don't know that I ought to object. But a few pounds is a matter of great consequence to me, and I reckon if these here goods and the wessel should turn out to be worth more than ye offer, the loss 'id go agin the grit, ay, if 'twero twenty dollars is man.' 1 laughed, and told him to let the matter rest, there was plenty of time before us; I should be willing to stand to my offer even if I lostby it, so heartily obliged was Ito them for coming to my assistance. And in this I spoke the truth, though, as you will understand who know my position, I had to finesse. It went against my conscience to make out that the chests were full of smallarms, but I should have been mad to tell them the truth, and, perhaps bythe truth made devils of men who were, and keep alljthe trieastro to myseif; no, Iv6W to God I should have been glad to give them a moiety of it, had I not apprehended the very gravest consequenees if I were candid with them. But this, surely, must be so plain that it is idle to go on insisting on it. The fine weather, the golden issue that was to attend our successful navigation, the satis factory behaviour of the schooner, puts us into a high good-humour with one another; and when it came to my collecting all the clothes in the after cabins and distributin' them among the three men, I thought Billy Fitt and Crom well would have gone mad with delight. To the best of my recollection the apparel that had been left us by the American captain (who, as you know, had cleared the forecastle of the clothes there) consisted of several coats of cut velvet, trimmed with gold and silver lace, some frocks of white drab with large plate buttons, brocade waistcoats of blue satin and green silk, crimson and other coloured cloth breeches, along with some cloalks, three-cornerhats, black and white stockings, a number of ruffled shirts, and other articles, of which I recollect the charactor, though myignorance of the costumes of that period prevents me from naming them. Any one acquainted with the negro's delight in coloured clothes will hardly need to be told of the extravagant joy raised in the black breasts of Cromwell and Pitth by my distribution ofthis fine attire. The lace, to be sure, was tarnished, and some of the colours faded, but all the same the apparel furnished abrave show, and such was the avidity with which the poor creatures snatched at the garments as I offered them first to one and then another, that I believe they would have been perfectly satisfied with the clothes alone as payment for their services. I made this distribution on the quarter-deck, or little poop, rather, that all might be present: Wilkinson was at the tiller, and appeared highly delighted with the bundle allotted him, saying that he might reckon upon a hearty welcome from his wife when she came to know what was in his chest. The negroes were wild to clothe them selves at once; I advised them to wait for the warm weather, but they were too impatient to put on their fine feathers to heed my advice. They ran below and were gone half an hour, during which time I have no doubt they put on all they had; iand when at last they returned, their appearance was so exquisitely absurd that I laughed till I came near to suffocating. Each negro had tied a silver-laced hat on to his wvoolly head; one wore a pair of crimson, the other a pair of black, velvet breeches; over their cucumber shanks they had drawn white silk stockings, regardless of the cold; their feet were emicaseed in bueckled shoes, and their costomes were completed by scarlet and blue waistcoats which fell to theif knees, and crimson and blue coats with immense skirts. What struck me as most astonishing was their gravity. Their self complaoency was prodigious; they eyed each other with dignified approbation, and strutted with the air of provincial mayors and aldermen newly arrived from the presente of royalty. They're in keopin' with the schooner, any ways,' said Wilkinson. And so perhaps they were. The antique fabric needed the sparlde of those costumes on her dock to make her aspect fit in with the imaginations she bred. But, as I had anticipated, the cold proved too powerful for their conceit, and they were presently glad to ship their more modern trousers, though they clung obstinately to their waistcoats, and could not be persuaded to remove their hats on any account whatever. CarTERn XXX.--Oun tPe mSS To rac CcAcaNrax When I started to relate my adventure I never designed to write an account of the journey home at large. On the contrary, I foresaw that, by the time I had arrived at this part, you would have had enough of the sea. Let me now, then, be as brief as possible. The melting of the ice and the slowly increas ing power of the sun were inexpressihly consol tog tome who had had so much of the cold that I do protest if Elysium were bleak, no matter how radiant, and the abode of the fiends as hot as it is pictured, I would choose to turn my back upon the angels. I cannot say, however, that the schooner was properly thawed until we were hard upon the parallels of the Falkland Islands; aeb then showed her timbers.naked to the sun, and exposed a brown solid deck rendered ugly by several dark patches which, scrape as we might, we cbuldnot oblrate.. We struckl the guns into the hold for the better ballasting of the vessel, got studding-sailboomsaloft, overhauled her suits of canvas and found a groatsquarai which proved of inestimable importance inlight winds and in running.. After theic waswwholly melted out of her frame she made a little water, yet not so much but that half an hour's spell at the pump twice a day easily freed her. Bat, curiously .ugh, at the end of a fortight chug became tight again, which I attributetgjthe swelling of her timbers. We were a slender company, but?e we ed extraordinarily well. The men wetcfi-'ocndser folly content; I. never, heard soazitoch as a muxmuc cheeps ens of them; tbeohbv;e ex of liquor than we had agreed among .us should be sersoved opt. But, as I had anticipated, our security lap in our slenderness. We wore too few for disafifection. The negroes were. as simple as children, Wilkinson looked to find his account in a' happy arrival, and if I was not, strickly speaking, their captain; I was their navigator without whom their case would have been as periloos as mine was on the ice. Outside the natural dangers of the sea we had but one anxiety, and'that concerned ourbeing chased and taken. This fear was. heartily shared by my companions, to whom-I also represented that it must be our business to giv even the ships of our coantry awide berth;. for, '. though I had long since flung all the co '?m promisning bunting overboard, and 'destroed all the papers I could come across, which being. written in a language I was ignorant of, might,. for all I knew,' contain some damninginfer. ?m?ation, a British ship would be sure to board us and I should have to tell the truth or take the risk of prevaricating. If I told the truth1 then 'I should have to admiatthte lading ohl theo vessel was piratical plunder; and though I knew not how the law stood with regard to booty rescued from certain destructiona?ter the-. lapse of hard upon half a century, yet it was a . hundred to one that the wholewouldbe claimed in the king's name under a talk of restitution, which signified that we should never heal more of it On the other hand prevarication would not fail to excite suspicion, and on our not being able to satisfactorily account for our possession ". of the ship andwhat was in'her, it mightend in our actuallr being seized as pirates and perhaps execuea.ed y= . .. , -.:-, This reasoing went verywvel with the me , and filled them with such anxiety that they were for ever on the look-out for a sail. But, as you may guess, my own solicatude sank very much' deeper; for, supposing the schooner to' be rummaged by an-Englisha crew, it was ascertain , as that my hand was affixed to my arm that the chests of treasure would be transhipped and.' loat to me by the law's trickery. , Now, till we wore to the north of the equator we sighted nothing ; no, in all those days not a' single sail ever hove into view to break the melancholy continuity of the sea-line. But be tween the parallils of 12deg. and 22deg. N. we met with no less than eight ships, the ncarest within a league. We watched them'as dats watch mice; making a point to bear asway if they were gouing our road, or, if they were coming towards us, to shift our helan-but' never very markedly-so as to let them pass us' at the widest possible distance. Some of them' showed a colour, but we never answered their si~nals. That they were all lharmless traders I will not affirm; but none of them offered to chaseus. Yet could I have been sure of aship, I should have been glad to speak. My. longitude was little more than guess-work; my latitude not very certain; and my compass was out. However I supported my own and the spirits of my little company by telling them of the early navigators; how Columbus," Drake, Schouten, and other heroic marine worthies of distant times had navigated the globe, discovered now worlds, penetrated into the most secret solitudes of the deep without any notion of longitude and with no better instruments to take the sun's height than the forestall and astrolabe. We were better off than they, and I had not the least doubt, I told them, of bringing the old sachooner to a safe berth off Deal or dtravesend. But it happened that we were chased when en the polar verge' of the North-east Trade wind. It was blowing briskly, the sea breaking in snow upon the weather bow, the sky over' cast with clouds, and the schooner washing through it under a single-reefed mainsail and whole topsail It was noon; I was taking an - observation, when Pitt at the tiller sang out 'Sail ho!' and looking, I spied the swelling cloud-like canvas of a vessel on a line with our starboard cathead. I told Pitt to let the schooner fall off 'three points, and with slackened sheets the' old Boca del Dragon hummed through it brilliantly, flinting the foam as far aft as the gangway. The stran?e sail rose rapidly, and the lifting of her hull discovered her to be a line-of-battle ship. We held on as we were, hoping to esecape her notice; but whethor she did not like our . appearance, or that there was somethisgin the figure we cut that excited her curiosity, she, on a s~udden, ?put .her helm up and. steer ed?s a ..t son and Cromwell on deck and Inow cried out,;' ' Lads, d'ye see, she's after us. ' Ifshe catches us our dream of dollars is over." Lively now boys, and give her all she can stagger under; . ann what she can't carry she must drag.' And we sprang to make. sail, briskly as apes, and everyone working with two-fian power. I knew the old Boca's best point; it was with the wind a point abaft the beam ; we ps?t her to that, got tho groat oquare-sail on her; shook out all reefs, and gave all she had to the wind. The wake roared away from her like a white torrent that flies from the foot of a foaming cataract. She had the pirate's instincts, and being put to her trtmps, was nimble. God!' how she did swing through it! Never had I driven the aged bucket before like this, and I understood that speed at sea is not irreconcilable with odd bodies. But the great ship to windward hung steady; a cloud of bland and ewelling cloths. When we had set the studding- sail we had nothing more to fly with; and so we stood looking. She slapped six shots at nous, one after another, as ahaughty hint to us to stop; but. we meant to escape, and at last we did, out sailing her by thirteen inches to her foot-one foot to her, twelve-though she stuck to our skirts the whole afternoon and kept us in an agony of anxiety. The sun was setting when she abandoned us ; she was then some five or six miles distant on our weather quarter. What her nation was I did not know; but Wilkinson reckoned her French when shel gave nous up. We rushed steadily along the same courseintothe darkness of the night, and then, shortening sail, brought her to the wind again, after which we drank to the frisky old jade in an honestly-earned bowl. It walt on the 5th of December that we.. sighted the Scilly Isles. I guessed what that land was ; but so vague had been my naviga tion that I durst not be sure, until, spying a smack with her nets over, I steered for her and got the information I needed from her people. They answered us with an air of fear, and in truth they had reason; for, besides the singular appearance of the ship, the four Of us were apparelled in odds and ends of the antique clothes, and I have little doubt they considered us lunatics of another country, who had run away with 'a ship belonging toparts where the. tastes and fashions were bosindthe age. Now, as you may suppose, by this time I had settled my plans; and, as we sailed up channel, I unfolded them to my companions. I pointed out that before we entered the riverit would be necessary- to discharge our lading into some little vessel that would smuggle the booty ashore for us. The figure the schooner made was so peculiar she would inevitably attract: attention; she would instantly be boarded in the Thames on our coming to anchor, and, if-I:'. told the truth, she woulds seized as a pirate; and ourselves dismissed with a small reward,.,. and perhaps with nothing. ' My scheme,' said I, 'is this : I have a rela tion in London to whom I shall communicate the news of my arrival and tell him my story. You, Wilkinson musot be the bearer of this letter. He is a shrewd, active man andtI will . leave it to him to engage the help we want. There is no lack of the right kind of servic' able men at Deal, and if they are promised a . substantial interest in smuggling our lading' ashore, they will run the goods successfully, do not fear. As there is sure to be a man-of-war stationed in the Downst we must keep clear of that anchorage. I will land you at Lydd, whence you will make your way to Dover, and thence to London. Cromwell and Pitt will return and help me' to keep cruising., My' letter to shy relative will tell him where to seek. me, and I shall know his boat by her fyix a " jack. When we have discharged our lading we will sail to the Thames, and then let who will come aboard, for we shall have a clean hold. This,' continued I, `is the best scheme I can devise. The- riska.. of smuggling attend it, to be surem ; but asnt those nasks we have to put the certainly of our forfeiting our just claims to the propertyif we', carry the' schooner to the Thames. Eveni suppose, when there, that we should not be immediately visited, and so be provided with an opportunity to land our stufft-whom have we to trust? - The Thames abounds with river . thieves, withlumpere, scuffle-hunters, mud- larks glutmen, rogues of all sorts, 'to hire whom ' would mean to bribe them with the value of . half the lading and tyo risk their stealing thai other half, But this is the lesser' difficulty ; the main one lies in this: there are some siteen ' hundred men employed in the London Oustom , House, most of whom are on river duty as watch men; thirty of these people are clapped aboard an East Indiaman,. five or six on West IIndia ships, and a like proportion its ether vessels. So strange a craft as. ours would be visited; depend on't, nd asmartly, toe, D'ye s the - danger, lads? Whatdo. c tusay, then, to th?e: secheme?' The negroee im'?ediately answered that they' left itto me ; I knew best; they woldt be'Satise :. fi? wvith'whatever I did. " Willinson mused a whilp and then said?? 'Smuggling was'risky ouork. How woould Cit be if we repcseoeztlt that we had found the',.' schooner wafs about with nlobody aboard??' 'The 't~ake iY~dd'ul be vtedJiod1 uai4. J;; 'The age of the vessel would tell against such : a story, even if you removed all ether evidence . by throwing the clothes and small-arins over boardand whatever else might go to prove that the schooner must have been floating about \- abandoned since the year 1760!' ' Musn't lose de clothes, massa, on no account,' dr.ed Pitt. S'Well, sir,' says Wilkinson, after another spell of reflection, ' I reckon you're right. If so be the law would seize the vessel and goods en the grounds that she had been a prate and Sall that's in her was plunder, why, then, S••rtainly, I don't see nothin' elso but to make . asnmuggllng job of it, as you say sir.' SThis being settled (Wilkinson's concurreice being rendered the easier by my telling him that, providing the lading was safely run, I would adhere to my undertaking to give them dir hundred and sixty pounds each for their share), I went below and spent half an hour oever a letter to Mr. Jeremiah Mason. There was no ink, but I found a pencil, and for paper I uHsed the fly-leaves of the books in my cabin. I epened with a sketch of my adventures, and then went on to relate that the Boca was a rickh ship ; that she had been a pirate, I riskedher seizure by carrying her to London; that I stood grieviously in need of his counsel and help, and begged him not to lose a moment in returning with the messenger to Deail, and there biring a boat and coming to me, whom he would find crusing off Beachy head. That I might know his boat, I bade him fly a jack a Sittle below the moastlhead. 'As for theBocs del Dragon,' Iadded,'Wilkinsonwouldreoognisecher if she wore in the middle of a thousand sail, and indeed a farmer's boy would be t able to distin guish her for her uncommon oddness of figure,' I was satisftied to underscore the words ' a rich ship,' quite eartain his imagination would be \- su miciently fired by the expression. At anything further I durst not hint, as the letter would be o- pen for Wilkinson to read. . When I had finished, I took a lanthorn and the keys of the chest and went very secretly and expeditiously to the ran. and removing the layers of small-anrms, from the top of the caseo that held the money, Ipicked out some English vieces, euickl- returned the small-arms, locked the chcsr and returned. All this time we were running up Channel S before a fresh westerly wind. It was true December weather, very raw, and the horizon thick, but I knew my road well, and whilst the loom of the hind showed, I desired nothing better than this thickness. But wary sailing delayed us; and it was not till ten o'clock on the night of the seventh that we hove the schooner to off the shingly beach of Lydd within sound of the wash of the sea upon it. The bay sheltered us ; we got the boat over; I gave Wilkinson the letter and ten guineas, bidding him keep them hidden and to use them cautiously with the silver change he would receive, for they were all guineas of the first George and might excite comment if lie, a poor sailor, ill-clad, should pull them out and exhibit them. Happily, in the hurry of the time, he iid not think to ask me how I had come by tdem. He thrust them irito his pocket, shook my hand and dropped into the boat, and the neroes immediately rowed him ashore. I stood holding a lanthorn upon the rail to serve them as a guide, waiting for the boat to return, and never breathed more freely in my life than when I heard the sound of ears. The * two negroes came alongside, and, clapping the tackles on to the boat, we hoisted her with the capstan, and then under very small canvas stood out to seoaagain. (~a on cEoNNeva). 