KxIvar oP:CLUJS-Thoetropser." A SuysimR le1.au.cE-,-June.iper juice. AsousALY i N-cCOsr-s-e Silent CremoL PcaeNNsIA Cnenrns--The Serpent LTribie. Inosrs are genrally derv before they carn TiHE ED OF o HE ou VOR?.-SMoney making. Too CIIUtCit MaLrr.eT'r-=A2'TTLEAbbe ý NOTnE OF A PEAL-A fluashf Lightnig. ::" Oh, do lhaesa littlemore--le mepuae I:hes Mo oE.w=The trage of the baby's A tERE ACd a - fuig in the Lakes. - i. -- i.? : SSEMIr-DETD CHED n s JdaIII eparntd couples -: THE Nsm. CUT-Te in C anhter Ship CanaL : ...: -TooE ?oieeosn on sit LT1tftioi Gunter. ." \- tea:so M a.i'The .n id-Kent S.taes: Hop-pobaS - •-..T T.-"Fnw'aE" no Tii TonR PAR.n ThiPreiroste.' Is a sldie's lifelworth lirng? ::It dtetpienud opon thd liver.: . W1n e eilie won't wash you can depend upon it it isn't a cdrtifled cheek, W :es an office is nt seelitig a man it is like ? ghost. It istartles verybody. SLATEST Niosait ron ToI IrIsi SeeF ne.nr-La wn-Tennis BaI(1)-lfolr. l'An? oxcaitL-Thabt en-leyhkonld, among Regattas, be "eoc: o' tho walk." ' IMAsY a beau who wears a sweet-emelline boutonniere is without a ecnt in him poekel. SPoor Noo--T:he best kind of- paer foe litter- y puerpoes : Straw paper,'of gors:e. A "tlGAME" TOOT lI'sT -WYOi?T "ln (S)CAsnaL-The unfair running of racehorse. ThE wife who can retain a sure hold ujii her husband's hearot will nerer have occasion to take a grip on his hdar. .. eaysond paradoxicail,.but oe:s ':barea ewod is not alrays sufficient to eotblh even tile "naked" truth. TaEIs is one thing that the invincibla WVatern cyclone has never yet succeeded fu lifting, and that is a mortgage. Oil, water surprise ! And so there's a scarcity of water in Paris ! Well, that's no thingnenw. Ini'rancasweater iiaolwaynlPeasn PlIEST (toaver sick moan)-" Noi , ifyou have any earnest desire in your heart,namo it." Sick man: "I want to get well." AsrpinIGs Poat" Don't you like the mleter of my new poem ? So light, you know." Critic: "Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." "I atM a painter and," aid hIe, 'Seek aid from Nature's hart" "I am a painter, too," said she, " And get my aid from art" Danwtrls NOTEr-It is thougoht that both the monkeysnad thi paeectListi at the Alcx andrs Palace are intended as illustrations of the "Dascent of Man." MISSaCaaon?C--s your husband addicted to the usi of alcohelic stiinulants?" llncip ient of Ahns:- "', iodade, num; not he. His only failin' is drinkin," BEFOE offLteringyouocl!f to tie plump- look ing toboggan girl you flirted with last winter, perhaps it would be as well to wait until you see heron the lieich this Soummer. l3is. O'Ble--"This is the seventh night you've come home in the morning. The next toime you go'out;. Mr. O'11., you'll stay at home and open the door for yoeMilf." MEN iie uosially willing to give .tlhet opinions- freely on any subjeet, but you mustn't e-lcot the photogmllphr of rural scenery to give you his views for nothing. SitE: "You must never let father see you pot your as n around my waist." ie: a"Why woold ho be so nlgry??" She: "INo, dear; but he'wouild try to borroev soui.e smoney froem you." SA woAsehnas reached the age of one hLit dred and thirty years, and it is a pitiable sight to see her one-hundred- year.old son sit in the corner and wrigglo while he sobs.' "Ma, can I go out!" AFTEn all the objectionis made to executing. criminals by electricity, it is urged by the Advioiitas of that system tmhat afterli ferson has tried the new method once he will never use any other after. PTeieionh me:re And noisflaog ik F ias yeyo tell m thed maning of the worda' CGo to,' 'i frequently found in the Holy Sctiptures?" Honsg Foy: "Yessee, maim-!- Him alles samey'Come off." WIcaKWIRE: "Say, Yabsley, howahout the report about town that your landlady refused to let you have your tinnk when you changed your lodging-lhouse last week" Yab3sley: there was nothing in it." STs Rev. Dr. Divine--" I rejoice to learn, tliss De Fashion, that you have decided not to-?et ia low-necked dress at the party to night-" Little Dot (intecrruptln-: "She. t. She's got a pimple on her bosom." ALOtaos : "Say, grandp, Ihre's 0a picture of a Rloman banquet, and they are all lying dit'i tb eal They dd't do th.it' way now, do they?" Grandpa: "Er-well, yes, there is more or less lying down at public dlinners still:". ANons WIFE (after aquarrel): "Seems to me we've been married about a hundred years. I cant veti reuiembehe when or where we first met" Iusband (emphatically): "Iean. It was at a dinnerparty, and there were tldrteen. at the table." "ROaEn, .dear, what is a jag" "A jag; I don't knowr, Maria." "ars. Jones yg.e that her husband told her that he saw you down towe with your jag on." "Oh, yes, I see Ho meant my Engllh top coat. It is sometimes called a jag." "YOUen father is an easy, 'omes-da3, go day' sort of fellow, im't he, Clara!" "'Dolt mistake him, George I have had suitors before now who thought that of him, and who have subsequently been obliged to admit that he wn a person of consideramble pu." THE only way to solve the problem, "Is marriage a failure?" is to try it It reminds us of the story anent the toadstool and tile mushroom Hoflw can you tell a mushroom from a toadstool? By eating it If it is a toadstool you die; if it is a nmushroom you don't. IME was an artist courting the daughter of a retired sea captain. ?lhile they were seated together one evening in the dindy-lighted parlour lie was suarprided by the hoarse clda mation of the ancient mariner in the next rooam; "Cast off-that painter t" Blint- she explained that her fatiersweo only tallking iii his sleep, and'thlt a '" pinter" was a rope attacheh to a ship's small boat, and the engagement pioeeded. P.osr Boy: " Why didn't you take a wed ding trip, Bldgod?" loodgod ' lgood: "Wcell, .ou se ni:iFe and I . t nusion t w-ouldn't be mJh h of is novely for tis Wen obltained het father's poeniiona in?gledand , the marriag settlement ieas draitn tipi the United State, ond wee acre mairied ii Ilein Jersey." rlSocorr. Peor-snto sn:o PsoTerCoo. lIoiil will never bie able to realize the multi; tudinofs dangers tisvhicih human life b t n staola sulbjeeteds: - A Cincinnati boy was beooitl itten by-i tame bat which hbd been fl;fi.'baliiit th hbeese, and the symptoms of bydrephobia'eetme so strong that hle was sentto Pasteur. Right on the heels of this -idisd the story of a Kalamazoo yoong society beloe who was so severely stung by a bedlabuig tlit'shne'oulan't turn her head on the street to ree hbwasliother woman's dress fitted e1e bhind. There hoold bhe a li pased omapel line people to muosle theirlbats, mid as for bedbu n w lmoall aldng triken thile stand tattlfe ajlaould be carefldly bathed in coal aim rild tli&ntanioen; "ldoy frem.their rich diet of soniety belie mi fi oh n insect iowdei fir ai SfIcsreeks. Their stingera shouldthen b eit off sithtb big pair of shears before being alm lowged m tonn tlarge?,iia . O odnoetycpet i mdtnhld prtetefnteatall.hazarsL . - : COisx iN TnE CLrOIl?sO BUlnSIm'ESS.--Aln Snon: "I notice tlat you did not respon to younSBronmibca' " ..' : . t - ugutao t "i'?o; 'ihis famidoe esnotm noun to nmeh, yon knor. They're only comhol mAlseron : "futgeodnonsesgrcoust your Sfather is in the clthinbusinass" .' i oAuestuE: I"W?.olesali deah bg ytboywhlesel -Father dfaolld?ristehdiO tho'snell anything'it 5\. ntail. ylonleiiobdabbgeiyi ld?dkhd? ah bay. i WAv smorz ow Dashlaigh' : Canldanv t uninhhtlsnse th.-e the ganu e tInt r1L TR, lm( n'o:?,eil the charms of Cieopatna!) 0 DUoesleigkh "TmY ; on." - I 4ThI beiomhennt ti aolosa_ , e~-*~ee,'29~~~; 