Political and Social Letter. ! LFrom our Special Correspondent.J DUBING two evenings, the Legislative Assembly has exercised its mind on the amendments in the Land Bill made by the Legislative Council. It has agreed with some, but disagreed with others. Those it has disagreed with are deemed by the Upper House to be the most important it effected, and probably it will refuse to fall in with the Assembly in regard thereto. Should that be the case, the Bill will be involved in danger. There is likely, at any rate, to be a conference between the two Houses. For many reasons it would be a deplorable circumstance if the Council resolved to stand ont against the Assembly. For one thing, it might cause an appeal to the country on the Land question. THE Payment of Members Bill is now the law of the land, for it received the Governor's signature thereon yesterday morning ; so from this day the representatives will be in receipt of £300 a year for their services. The money will be very accept- able to a few of the members whom I could mention, nor will it, I should imagine, be disdained by any. Mr. THOMAS WALKER will regard it as a perfect godsend. Since Sir HENRY PABKES shut np his Sunday evening show, about a conple of years since, he has followed no regular occupation, and how he has managed to exist is a mystery to many people. Now, however, he may rely on get- ting £C a week, and as he has only a very small family, he should be able to get along comfortably on that Bum. I daresay there are other members who are as badly off as Mr. Thomas Walker, but if so, the fact has not been so much in evidence as in his case. I shall be curious to see whether the gentle- men in the Legislative Assembly who fought against the Payment of Members Bill on principle will accept the £300 a year. They would not if they were consistent, but unless I am greatly mis- taken every man of them will turn up at the Treasury for his cheque when the monthly payments become due. Perhaps they will be there before the men who championed the Bill. IT was ODly by the narrowest of majorities that the Bill passed the Legislative Council. The third reading was carried by one vote, but the Council voted unanimously for the Bill providing for the payment of the members of the Public Works I Committee. I am haunted by the feeling that if th« ravinent ol members JtJül liad provided for giving £300 a year to the members of the Council it would have been adopfed by that body by a sweeping majority, for, most of the men who constitute it, love the almighty dollar as ardently as their breth renin the other place. The members of the Assembly who are also members of the Public Works Com- mittee, will now be able to pose as bloated capital ists, for they will have more than £000 a year from the State. Their fees as members of the Committee average more than £6 a week. I wonld that I were in their place, but I was not born to such luck. UNDER the most unfavourable circumstances the annual show of theN.S. Wales Agricultural Society was opened on Thursday. All day long the rain I oured down steadily, and therefore the attendance was, as the newspapers say, limited. And besides, the preparations were incomplete, and tbereiore even if the weather bad been fine, there wonld not have been a great deal to interest the public. In my opinion the show is the least interesting of the kind that has been held for many years. The stock departments are much less attractive than on former occc.ions.and local manufactures are hardly represented at all. There is a pretty good display of machinery, but nearly all of it was imported. A large number of people have come from the country districts to see the show, and it may be hoped they will get their money's worth. For come reason that I utterly fail to divine, the Gov ; emment proclaimed a general holiday in connection with the show. This cansed great annoyance to the business people in the city, who believe that the holiday erne is overdone. They protested against the action taken by the Government, and the majority of them kept their shops and warehouses open. On account of the persistent rain, however, they did not'do much trade. Of course the motive of the Government in proclaiming the holiday was io curry favour with the Civil servanti, railway employees, &c.; But I do not know that such tactics ever produced the effects intended. IN a reeent issue of the S. J/. Herald there appeared a long letfcr from Mr. E. Pulsford on the subject of the Catholic Vote. The letter set forth that at the last general election the Catholics gave a block vote for protection in all the metropolitan electorates, and the writer stated he would show in a subsequent letter that a similar vote had been given in the country electorates. I am in a posi- tion to speak with come degree of certainty con- cerning the city constituencies, and I know that Mr. Pnlsford's statement ia not true. It is absolutely certain that a large number of Catholics voted for Mr. Playfair and Mr. O'Connor in West Sydney, and I know for a fact that fully 1000 Catholics must have voted for Mr. Burdekin in East Sydney. The feeling here is that Mr. Pnlsford's letter is a délibérât i attempt to revive the sectarian bogey, and it is also regarded a3 an indication that the Free-trade Association intend to play the sectarian j card at the next general election. In fact some- thing to that effect was stated by a Free-trade i politician at Queanbeyan the other day. Be did ' not think that anybody but his friends heard him, but at the time he made the statement there hap- pened to be a Sydney gentleman in the adjoining room, the dividing wall consisted of thin boards, and he heard every word that wa'; spoken. But in showing their hand LO soon the Free-trade leaders are making a great mistake, for the people of this colony object to snch schemes being formed in cool blood, and they will probably express their resent- ment by doing exaetly what the Free-traders desire to prevent them from doing. In what desperate circumstances th« Free- traders must be when they deem it necessary to raise the sectarian ghost, to postpone the downfall of their policy. MB. DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY delivered his third and last lecture last night, and it was as great a frost as the other two. He did not begin the lecture until a quarter to 9, that is to say, three quarters of en hour after the advertised time. The excuse he made to the audience was that he had fallen asleep after dinner, according to his usual custom, and that the instructions to wake him in time for the lecture had not been obeyed. As Mr. Murray received a fixed sum for each lecture, it was, of course, no matter to him whether he was punctual or not. If he had been running lectures co his own .-recount, I'll venture to cay he wonld not have gone to sleep after his 7 o'clock dinner. His lecture consisted largely of twaddle. His conspicuous failure on the platform will, I should think, have the effect of stopping the importation of cccond-class lecturers. There was no reason why anybody should go to hear a discourse from Mr. D. C. Murray. I for one do not think the fact that he has writtsn half-a-dozen very ephemeral novels is a reason. In this morning's Telegraph there is published the second of the series of artíclro he engaged to contribnto to that paper. Both as a journalist and a novelist, Mr. Murray is miles behind ROLF BOLDERWOOD, and he cannot be compared with the late MARCUS CIABKE; yet, at no period of their lives, were either of thors men in the receipt of more than a moderate income. Prophets are not honoured in their own country. To a crowded audience last night, Mr. J. M. TOOHEY, M.P., discoursed on the very difficult question of capital and labour. Toohey haï a keen intellect, and a capital platform style. He has a bright imagination, plenty of vivacity, a copions vocabulary, and abundant information on political subjcsf"3. Under these circumstances, he could no' feilto interr-t his audience, and he did interest them. There was great enthusiasm in the meet- ing, and the vofo of thanks at the close was heartily given. As a i.olitician, Mr. Tcoheyim prey, 3 on r oquaintance, which is more thru can he said of come of the member* who enjoy a fair reputation. He ha? a treat deal of tactical skill. and knows as -well as any! ody when opponent should la ate skcd and when they should be left alone. One of these days he will come to the front, and when he gets into office the general opinion, I think, will be that he is as good a man as has ever held a portfolio. THE Baptist Union of New South Wales held its annual session this week. For the first time in its history the chair was filled by a layman. The gentleman who . ;cupi i this honourable position is Mr. PALHEB, one of the s- ck and share brokers in the city. A considerable portion of Mr. Palmer's address was devot' i 13 a condemnation of gambling, by which he meant -U'd-playing, betting on races, &c.; But he had nut a word to say against gambling in stocks and shares, which is incomparably the worst kind-because the most ruinous- practised in this felony. With hardly an exception, the stock-brokers of Sydney indulge largely in this vice, and several of them have accumulated large fortunes in consequence. I detest the inconsistency that in the name of religion denounces the book- maker, but winks at the sins of the share- gambler. YESTERDAY'S cablegrams announce the death of I the Rev. Dr. SOHERVILLF., who visited this colony 1 some years ago, and held a number of revival meet inga. He was the most eloquent and dramatic preacher I have heard in Australia, and his sermons attracted enormous crowds in Sydney. But like nearly every revivalist, he was one of the most irritable of men. On one occasion I saw him get into a great passion because a crying baby was not removed from the building in which he was hold- ing forth, as rapidly as he desired. I was so dis- gusted that I left the hall, and in going out I expressed the wish that destiny would not never bring me into close contact with Dr. Somerville either in this world or the next. But crowds of people liked him, and deemed him a saint. He must have been an old man when he died, for he was about 70 years of age when he was in Australia. ON Tuesday evening a debate on the merits of Pro- tection and the Single-tax system took place in the Protestant Hall, between Mr. THOMAS ROSE and Mr. Corros. Although the debate had not been extensively advertised-no notice of it was inserted in the morning papers-thehall was almost crowded. Mr. Cotton championed the Single-tax cause. His party say that he is the most accomplished expon- ent of its principles they possess. But he had an awfully bad time at the hands of his opponent. The quality of his defence may be gathered from the fact that one of the most prominent of the land-taxers admitted to Mr. J. P. WRIGHT that he had given the party completely away. The unfor- tunate fellow was so hard pressed that he involved himself in the utmost confusion, and made some most ridiculous statements. And in one of his replies he conveyed that he would not tax the lands of the selectors. But the doctrines of his party require that all lands shall be taxed. He also admitted that he would not impose any taxation on people who did not hold land. What a glorious gospel this is for people who hare all their property in Government debentures or bank shares, ko. The large audience saw that the poor fellow was making a fool of himself at every step, and they could not resist the temptation to subject him to ridicule. At the end of the debate some of the Protectionists present demanded that a vote should be taken, but Mr. Cotton's chairman stated that it had been agreed not to have such an expression of opinion. I do not think the land-taxers will care to risK another encounter with Mr. Rose. 