OH Alt LEYS FIDDLE. By Roberi C. Meveiw. It is iiu mutter to what nrmy, North or South, tlio drunmior-bby belonged. Young hu wn.1, hia lair nkin taiiwid bv. tlie grim old sun, his Muo'royeABhiiunB.outi.like-Tdjtiorgofc-nio-o: "notsi in tho dull, dark surroundings. Tliov surely they treated liim, in thoir rough way, like a child. Sunburnt men culled him 1 Charley talked with him ; spoke of scenes far away, where those with whom theso sun burnt men loved more than anything else in the world lived ; and Charley listened to them, and heard what wits never told to older, less un sophisticated companions, for somehow his young faco and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and utado them couiido 111 him. There was even a rumour that Sandy Gruen, tho tall, awkward widower frdiu tho frontier, had told Charley about bis own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that thcro is no timo, no place for sontimeut among big, brawny men prepared lor and experienced in war. It is not so. Around cauip-hres, in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of thosoucy seems gho6tly, "and dreary, aud full of diro wanting, there urn tales of love, and sorrow, and loss, aud hopo romombered uud told to listening cars that hour theso faintest wliispors us greedily us they do tho awful, deuth-doliver- ing sound of cannon, or swift whistle of tlio ritTe.ball. Thus was Cluirloy, tho drummer-boy. a cyolopiedia of the gentler thoughts of tho soldiers about him. ' Oftou in tlio dusk of oveniug,: when the men wcro loitering ubout tho caaip, and the kindly stars wore peeping faintly out abovo tho wliito touts, there would como a little, wailing sound on tho brcoze. and tlio listeners 'would stop in tlioir gunio at cards, or thoir wild talk, smile, maybe, a littlo, and say, ''That's Charloy's iiuuio : And did any one take tho trouble to look for tlio boy, he might bo seen porchud up on a. lodgo of rook, or sitting llat ou the ground, his cliiu pressed down, ami his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all tho old, old tunes ho romuinbered, and somo of tho nowor ones made for tho war, and oven somo silly, love-lorn ditty, which hail come by a devious way and a fearful misclianco into camp. So, hero among the' purple shadows, when the firo on tho outposts shimmorod, and thcro was a strungo quiet around, wliilo tho crickots chirped, Charlov would play tho tunes of pciico and happiness, Iho same as miles away tboy wore being played and sung by laughing, cure less pooplo in the crowded cities, filled with tho rumours of war, not understood, but appre ciated. But Charley had never been in an engage ment us yot, and tho men said, ' Don't bo so uuxious, boy ; it'll all como soon enough !' And it diu come soon enough for liim. Churloy wrote to Ills aunt that camp-life was just the tliiiig for him;- only it was too monotonous. _ Ho also loUt tho "boys that his aunt was tho'only relative ho had in the world, and that sho was a queer old woman, strong of will uud temper, and that she was mortal angry with him' for goiug awuv from lior— for, somehow or other, ho guessou she ' sort o' liked him,' That was all bo told Ilium, and they got quite a joke up about ' Aunt Teddy,' ami often spoko of her to Charley, and told liim, when they saw liim writing, to be sure and scud much of their lovo to her.' 'You don't know lior,' naid Charley, 'or you wouldn't make so light of it. \yiiy,'>lie enuld take any of you singl ehandod, and you'd never know wlmt hurt you.' And so he wrolu often uud often to her, But Charloy's fiddle ! Well, it seemed part of him. Ho loved it ! Ho leve l the miserable nine uurj. iiu uuui.i piuy on n ; no loveu 10 mi down aiiywhoro, uud at any tim;, and strike up ono of those little tunes, and Ploy, uud pluy, uud play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut- lino, not to mention human fingers and patience. Ho would pat his fiddle almost as though it wore a littlo child, uud his bluo o.vos would thisli as his hand swept over tho strings. And tho timo went on ; and in tlio intervals of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up. Tho day camo whoa ihero vera preparations for a battle going on ; the enemy wero sur rounding thorn; and Charley was glad, but quiet. " " " There was less timo i'or fun in camp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any more— ex. cepttlmt .it was tragic. Two men hud boon picked off by scouts, uud tho grim faces of tho boys looked death when thov'lnmrd. Yot ono plousant, cool night, while tho long, wluto streets of tho camp glistenod in the moon- light, and it was not yet timo for tho mon to turn in, Oharloy was soon by Sandy Greon busily writing a lottor on his dnini-hoed, 'For Aunt Tod, Charley 'f naked Sandy Green, And tlio hoy noildod, and laughed. Then tho old ninn stood thoro \vatohiug him for n long tune. Ho saw tho plensant, brown faco, with tho bluo eyes bent over tin) writing — nnd ho was a rough; a very rough man, mind you !— a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoods, man, older than middle life, too; and ono to whom trouble wot no account, because it must b; surmounted. And yot ho stood hero, in tho early moonlight, watdiing the drummorhoy ivriliiig a letter to an old woman. " -. Charley lookedup when ho had finished. 'lio, Sundy! yon there yet !' saidhe, Tlioif ho folded the letter, and directed it. - 'Sandv,' I'llgivoit to you to see posted for me. Will you- doit? You'vo got more chances thnnlhavo.'. So Sandy took tho letter, and said, as he turned to Charley: 'Do you know, boy, that wo expect a' gcriinmngo to-morrow ?' Yes, Charley knew it, nnd ho was glad. He" got Sandy Green to tell him ali over again about tho battles that had bcou fought before ; bo listened, and was bright and chirpy over the stories; and the older man warmed with his subject, watched tlio light in tho boy'B eyes, and ended by patting him on the back. 'You'll do, Charley !' ho said. 'And now givens a tuno, for who knows— woll. give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, nnd sat down on the side of his.dnim; and Sandy-laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head on his hand. Then a tuno, light and gay, went forth from tho little fiddlo !. And the tune went on Hind on, till the stars blinked, and grow ..brighter ; and all at once Sandy said: , ' Soy, Charley I Give ns the song you played lost night.' Thero was a slight pause, and thon quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came Uio old tuno of 'Home, Swcot Hoilio,' softly and slowly' -played, filling tlio air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle ds-hesat- thero balanced on the drum, and Sandy Greon's hand, was pressed hard into his head. V. And the v tuna went on and on, and the stars,': sparkled;' tho crickets chirped -peacefully, when, all at once, a biiglo Bounded, a confused noise was boriie to them. Sandy was on liisfcet, Charloy's drum was in his band — and the 'enemy was on them ! ' Who can tell1 of the- dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried fay. into the beautiful morning, when innocent daisies wore red aud horrible to look at, and tho leaves of trees wore blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can toll of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly up to the skv ; tho deadhands clutching tho gross ;. tho soiled and torn clothing pierced with a littlo new holo, whonco lifo had fiuttereilout? Long into the day it lasted; and there woro no. inoro birds' songs head. Tho whito streets of the camp woro gone, and a eon- fused mass ofmcn, somo wounded, and nil bitter, wero here instead. And tho fight had endod, tho onoiny hud disappeared, and these men wero — victorious. Throughout tho fight they all remembered to havo hoard tho drum. Thoyromoinbered seeing young Charley hatless, his lithe, boyish form in tho thickest of tho fight, for thcro had been small order — it could not be othorwiee. And some of them said ho had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldiorly. But now thero was a silence ; theso wero not his dram-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these liieu stood up to answer to their names. xnero were many gaps m tho roll — many mon who would auswor to but ono roll- call mere — tbo mighty Roll of the Last. And when Charloy's name was called there was no response ; mul inuny eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on tho roll went ; and at last Sandy Green's name was called— no answer. Again it wu3 called, unil then — then Sandy Green's voice answered from faraway, uud they saw him coming, limping up the hill, Charley ou his Ehoulders, whito and wild. Tho mon chuered — yes, they did — they cheered ! Aud Sandy Btood in the midst of them, his leg wounded by a ball, and told how hu hud been found by Charley whou a bayonet was going to make an oud of liim, but that Churloy had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had boen saved. But, strungo to say, thu boy had not soomcd to recogniso him. Sandv had taken him ou his shoulder, for tho boy had grown foiut and white, had called his name ; but a blank look was all tho ruply bo had rccoived. Cliarloy'B mind liadstoppcd. Thore ho was, looking at the men, a smile on his fuco, but an unmoauing light in liis blue eyas. They looked at him, they shook hirii by tho hand ; but ho said nothing — he rceoguised no one. 1 Tho surgeon came, uud shook his bead. . ' Fright !' ho said. . But Sandv Greon cried: " ' . is5AFs;lie".-_beggiigf.yriui:pnrAuaJ — The Jioy- wasn't frightened,' ' i'or Illl that, it srilln linnll' iliffnrminn In Charley. Day by day, us this portion of tho army made entrenchments whero they wero, and prepared for wiuterqunrter3, for this point must be guuided, Charley loitered ubout the hospital, not sick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of tbo boys hud hunted for his fiddle, but only the fragments mid the strings wero loft, and these Suudy Green hud taken chargo of, as ho lay in his cot ; for, said lie, 'The sight of these things might make the boy worse.' Tlio surgeons studiod tho case. It was now to them; a lino opportunity for oxperimcnt; and experiment tboy did, mid madu nothing of it. Aud still Charley smiled, mid went about seemingly happy, knowing no oiui, speaking to no one, missing nothing lie lind before known. The mnu, whuii they met him, called out, 'Hi, Churloy !' and in- sueiuud to bo pleased at that — nothing morn. Often they wouldlook at him, speak of him, for you soo they had all so liked him. Aud Sandy Greon wad grieved at heart, though his uiimiier was as gruff mid rudo as ever. After a wliilo tho surgoons came to a strungo conclusion. They said that tlio life of Charley, from the first surprise oa that eventful evening that night when lie liafi seen a fight, was a blaiik. They said thero was no bridgo to con nect tbo timo bel'oro mid the timo after that terrible experience. .Tlicy cited vast authorities, aud confused themselves ubout thorn, utid-so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling ubout, that thorough iu.ni lookodon Charloyas thougli hu wc'ici a ghost. Oiio day Sandy Green, fooling in his pockat, found tho lottor which Charley na'd written to Aunt Toddy, and which liud novor been posted, oud had boeu forgotton ever since. At sight of it, lie went tor pupor and pencil immodiatcly. That night he told the boys he had written to Charley s aunt, getting tho direction from Charloy's unposted latter. ' Aunt Teddy's coming to cam), hoys,' said somo of thoni, in faint roixembrancj of thoir old humour, over Clinrley'.i relative. 'Sandy Green lias written to her, lolling lior all about' the boy.' Lo ! Id ! A l'ow days after, a tnll apparition, gaunt and grim, drupod in grey, muuo its ap- ponrnnco in the hospital, asking for Charley .Morgan ; and in less th in uu hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Toddy laid como. A11 who could smiutercd past the window, just to poop at her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look was something droauful ; and it was everywhere at once. Thoy woro afruid of lior. Tho might faco tho onoiny, but Auut Toddy wus something more. And Charlov ? She just went up to tiio poor lad, and took his faco between lier two bony hands. ' Charley !' sho said. And ha tiirnud his. smiling, meaningless fnco to her, aud laughed low, aiid did not, know her. Sho sat quietly down, and rocked horself to and fro. No! Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. So tho days woro on, and. some of tho boys saw her sitting besido Clmrley, holding Ins baud iii liors, mid looking lioreoly about hor like a lioness guarding her young. Sho wouhi not havo him stir from her, ami ice seomcil perfectly contented beside lior. And whin tbo mon imv her sitting thero, fierce and en guard, holding the boy's hand in her own. mid be smiling and happy-looking, they felt a lump in their throats ; nnd in a way tlioy resueetcd Aunt Toddy morn than if she bud cried over liim, calling him hiving mimes, for tliov saw strength bare, liko their own — strength of protection. And, do you know, it was suid tliat when Sandy Green ;i# her coming in that dnv, ho uumuMi u.ib tin iiLov tin uu cuuiu, null W1CU a whito face ; nud bo would not go near hor when sho asked for the man who had written hor iiliuut Charley. He, too, was afraid of her — kilt- llJ'JMimVII, To the do-tors sho was n littlo mere con ciliating; and, although she told thorn thoy did not know their business, yot, whou ono of them leaned down, mid tried to tnko Charles's hand from hers to give it a friendly shake she suid : ' Don't, please ! I want to hold him to nio, tor he's nil I've got.' And tho doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great elioke in his throat. If wo coal I awaken Charley to some memory of tlio past, ' iinid tliis doctor to her ono itav — if wo could bring him buck to tho day before the light -if lie could rcoogniso something Iiu h id known then, wo might save liim, porhunn.' I'm not n rich woman,' was the reply, ' hut I'll write this iustauco to mv ngent to soil my house. And that tnouoy— all 1 havo in the world— I'll givo to tho man who brings my boy back to. me.' Now tliis was duly rejiovtod about camp — all this and more. Aud it was told to Snudy Uracil, among others. He shook his head gruffly. But in tho middle of tho night Sandv Greon roso up liko ono possessed, and bcarclicdtiromid, mid found an old, fiat cigur-box. All tho uoxt day ho worked ut the but, worked mysteriously, and kept lookers-on u.vcny. For two days lio scraped at it. On tho third | Churloy was to go away with his aunt, piy B\ig had determined to take him homo. ; : Oii thip'bist evening t&mdy;,' Green was sees- . 'lurking about tlie hospital; nnd onco, when A'unt l'cddy roso and Went to sco about soinu 1 - . final preparations for departure, ho darted in, ' caught Charley by the hand, andlimping swiftly. . . away with, him, took him- to a knoll far . off — . > - took him to a drum laid sidcrwiee ou tho ground, - . - and seating him there, pulled out a cigar-box, - shaped rudely liko a .violin,. -the strings of Charley's own lost instrument etretchoil upon it. ' Then ho brought out a rough how. Charley sat down there, and smdod vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across tho strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling . noiBo was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, . frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was followed by half tho boys, tho two .: surgeons amongtthem. - . Sandy Green1 raised his hand to warn them. Thoy stopped, ' motionless. . Then slowly, : - laboriously, out on tbeqileasaut evening air.-.: came the old tune' of 'Home, Swoet Heme,' ' rudely and brokenly played; but -there it was . — thoro it was ! . - The smile on Charlbyra- fnco faded out, liko- tho light of tlie ig nit faltitu. A startled ex. . Sression camo instead ;: Bb leaned forward— he . . . stened. . - The boys pressed closer ond -closcr, Sandy , Green's fingers trembled so that ho could _ . scarcely hold tho impromptu fiddlo. ' AU ut once, all at once, two tears rolled . down Charloy's faco; : lie started up,. looked . - confusedly about him, opehedthia lips. ' Aunt Toddy !' ho cried. / . Uo was saved. His aunt wus kneelum at his . feet, hugging his knees,, cryiugwiidly. :.Tbo'boys stood thQre, a glittcjr in their-eyes; ;; - untilthetwp.doetpWwcut'-up tb' Ssmdy Green, . andshookhim by t'no haud, for bo had done -. more than thoy could do| and thoy owned to it. Then they aH, every man -of thoiuv went up to Sandy, und wrung his hand. He had lot the fiddlo fall, to the ground, and his. rough face was seamed with tears. 'Hero!— somebody lead moto Sandy Green!' cried a voico, tlio voice of Charley's-aunt; 'for I can't see, I'm crying so .hard; and: my legs , are clean gonu from me !' ' And Aunt Teddy was marched: up- to him, but not before Charloy had caught both SandyB hands in his. And what did AuntTeddy do? Sho just threw . her aims around Sandy Greon's neck, and gavo him a sounding kiss, beforo all the boys too ! And from a score of strong throats camo a . cry: . ' Threo cheers for Sandy Green— ontf a.bgor !' And she shook hands with them, ovcry. one. Aunt Teddy did not have to Boll hen- house, , as a reward for ' any one who could save her boy.' Tho cigar-box fiddle may stdl bo seen thero— and often is seen there by Sanily Greon and nfTiortj finrl if. fa rhriafnnnrl 1 C.tTATlT.vrv'R Fiddle.' — TFcrklj Budget . 