AMqNG THE SPIRITS: A Clairvoyant Sceance. FALSE AND FICKLE SPI i ITS. IReal Eye-Opentrs. Clairvoyant Clarice and Co. The (Uhosts Won't Walk. Selah ! Ye .rearms, yet unreveal'd to hultman sight, Ye Gods who rdle e e regions of the night, Ye gliding ghosts, permit mne to roelate The mystic wonders of your silent state. -I)nDN. IT is not, perhaps,. generally known tlhat we keep a clairvoyant reporter, but such is the ease, and we find him as useful as tlhe telephone. Instead of having to attend meetings in person he sits in the ofice, and perceives all thetis going on. The onlydraw back is that lie reoauires an amanuensis to to take down his description of what he sees and hears. Last night hlie projected hIis mental vision to the Imperial hotel, Scott-street,whero a spiritualistic seance was advertised to be hold by MRadame Clarico under the care of (Dr.) St. Vincent, medical clairvoyant. Shortly after 8 o'clock our reporter went into the hypnotic state, and commencred a description of the scene as follows :-" I see a large dining-room with seven men and five women seated around it. An undersized woman is sitting on a chair in the centre at the further end. A dark man with a bald head and a black moustache is making passes over her face with his hands. The patient, whose eyes are closed, sigh faintly three times, and then becomes quiescent. The operator asks her if she can see all the people in the room, and she says that she can, and that there is a fair gentleman who is greatly in terested in her. One of the audience, aportlv middle.aged individual, is requested by the doctor to ask the clairvoyant some questions. He wishes to know, how long hIis wife had been dead. The answer was 'Not long,' and that 'tihe questioner would soon marry aeain.' His children were stated to number nine or eleveon. The questions were asked through the doctor, who Ihecld one of tho enquirer's hands, and touched the clairvoyant with tlhe other. As. a matter:of fact, the questioner's first wi'fo has been dead for many years, and he has been married again for several years, his offspring number ing seven (including two dead). Two or throo'other gentlemen put questions, which vero answered in a most ambiguous manner, and the replies were no nearer the truth than in the first instance. Some of the ladies then came forward, and one (marriod) was told that sheo was single. One inquisitive lady, with an eye to the future, wished to know if hlier husband would be prosperous through lifo. Sho was told thalt " he was a born prosperous man, and within nine months would have great prosperity." A timid young lady wanted to know abouta certain gentleman who had gone to sea, and was in formed that lhe was not true to her, but was entangled with another, and would never return here again, which news apparently made the fair one very disconsolate. The only sappoarent success was the reading of the number of a bank-noto enclosed in an envelope. This was too palpable a trick. When thle clairvoyant commenced with a wrong figure the ldoctor, whoIe was supposed to be ignorant of the number told her to be careful and look again. A white-haired gentleman, 70 years of ageo, enquired whether the recent fatality on the railway line at Helxham was an accident or thlrough violence. The clairvoyant gave it as ' acci dent,' and said that the deceased'had £20 on him after leaving Mlaitland, but was robbed after his death, and that there was only a shilling left in hiis pockets. "The same old gentleman asked what his calling was at the present time ?. but .could not get a satisfactory reply. A middle-aged lady was told thlat shelo liked hlier husband pretty well, but did not wish him back in a hurry. A pin was taken fromn one of the au dience by the doctor, and the clairvoyant was told that the individual had lost some pro. peoty, and to describe it; but the subject did not take the cue, and failed to explain." Here our hypnotic ropqrter recovered his normal condition with a snort, and was heard to inur mur between his teeth, "humbug"; and so concluded one of the most barefaced decep tions that have ever been attempted to be foisted upon a gullible public. How anyone can place any faithlin clairvoy ant pretentions after last night's exhlibition beats Bannaghor. 'The pretended state of hypnotism was a farce, and those who paid their Ihalf-crowns to witness it lihave n'more money'than sense to spare. We hope, how ever, that one rasult of this remarkable seance will be to enable the clairvoyant Olarico and her equally clairvoyant 'comrade to clear up at the hotel, and clear out of Nowcastle. The public have seeoon enough of them, and they see too much for tlhe publio belief. Augurs and soolthsayers, astrologers, Diviners and intepoTrslerss of dreamss, I nOe' conssilt, and he'stily ldesise: Tsain Iketr prctence to smore thau husman skill lor gain, imaginary schemres they diawus; 7Vi'andrers themselves, they guide another's sleps, bAnd for poes sixpence promiseo countless swealth: Let men, if they expeel to to beli eved, Deduct the siopence asrd bestow the.'est. S' -ENxxIUS. 