? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE BAT OF PAST AND ABSTINENCE. •Next Saturday, being the Yigil of Pentecost, will be a day of fast and abstinence. THE MOETUAET CHAPEL. On: Sunday afternoon,the Archbishop blessed and opened the enlargement of the M6rtuary Chapel in the'Melbourne. General Cemetery. : Long before the 1 time announced for the! •eommeflc&men;'t pf the ceremony large numbers of persons flocked to the Catholic portion of the cemetery, and when at length the doors were opened only a comparatively small number of those present were able to obtain standing room in the chapel. After his. Grace had blessed the new portion of the building, a touching sermon was preached by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., who took for his text the words, " I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sin, the resurrection of the dead, and life everlasting." The rev. gentlepan, in the course of his remarks, said that they were assembled in a place apt to remind them bf ;the littleness of the things of this earth, and the, wisdom of laying up riches in heaven. Beneath their feet lay the consecrated remains of their brethren in the ministry, and ail around them were the mouldering bones of their fellow-creatures, many of them, perhaps, suffering in that place of purification in the other life. We are Bound to assist them by our prayers and good works. In the beautiful words .of Job they are cryinp out to us, "Have| pity on me ; have .pity. on me; at least, you, my friends, have pity on roe, for the hand of God hath touched me." Not only is it a holy thing to pray for the dead, 1 bat it is also a wise thing, for when we ourselves may, perhaps, be enduring similar punishments, the souls whom we had. assisted by our prayers, and who were then enjoying the beatific visicju,' would plead for ' us before the throne of' grace. At the conclusion of the sermon Dr. K^ily, who has 1 charge of the chapel, explained that there was at presents, debt of some £1500 on the building. A collection was afterwards made. The; building is 60 feet long by 20 feet wide, with vestry 18 feet by 14 feet, with two porches'—one for entrance tt> the chapel, and one for entrance to the vaults.' It is built in the thirteenth century- Gothic style, has-seven tracery windows,'an octagonal'apse at the Western end, and ia very beautiful bell turret on the eastern gable. It is fitted inside with an altar, and ^decorated in a mourning style from cartoons by the architect, Mr. J. B. Bentiy, of St. Patrick's Cathedral. It has a freestone pesina and altar railing, and is fitted in -every way for the celebration of the Holy Saorifioe of the Mads.: Mr, John Satlery is the contractor, and Mr. M'Kjprnaii, of Clifton I^ill, the paipter and decorator. THE ASCHBIFIHOP, ON THE ELECTEIC . " '. LIGHT. ' His Grace the ; Arehbishbp delivered : a most interesting 'and (instructive lecture On,"The Electric Light" in.Bt. Joseph's Hall, Collin^wood,,, on ; Tuesday night. The jitteqdance was < fairly largp, though doubtless many were kept,.,aw,ay, by tne fret appearance of the. evening. Dr. .' ^fownless, K.C.B., K.G.G.,_presided, and on the platform wcire the very Hev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G.; Viry Eev. Dean O'Hea.I O.S.A.', Fr.Kennedy, .S.JJ ; .Fr. iM'Nab. fl.Ji^i' the,iEev, G. 8heahan, the E Beason, a^d : Mr. Holrpyd, of ihe Schansc)iipfE ^Electric L^^tin^.pompiutyV The prdceedinjgs Were oiened'by a shpi'tiausifcal'pr^gramtoei'a^ ' ; Thfe'Arbhbi^ttp said'that lie had 'hien asked'to aid the ColJingwood ydung 1 tatin ill procuring--a library. ! 'It Etad iodcttrradi ^p him;that.fwhin.i6o great .a idesire wasmanifesteato, mtroduc^^heelectricliffh^, for the jiurpose. pf, lifthtin£, thejj: cities^ towns, railW e.tafiona, Public bmldings J 'and private nouses, it wbutd bej interesting if h^'sElie^d li^ht as'th^ pubject y of hlB'-lecburt. 1! He Had nO intention-of deliveriDg'wlmt.tofght be called » ^cipntiific leoture,:because that wonld be ^iore.isujied ^o..^' plasa-irow; rthui.ia public hall of .that description.., Hepro- P9?ed to.^ujt |)efpr^ them jn plain' and popularlari^age the pr^ciples connected. with ; ele'(jtriq ! Mh!t, 'and fkvoid is 'far' J ais possible the irWtif technickl'fferifis:'There jVfeji'e two influbUceS Tequiredj td produce electric light: .The/firsWas toigeinerate tini tlectpc ; purr ; ent, iand Ihe. jseflppd «tp ibp ^ni^^SlflSnJ^^'if^l^^ L i £ j .L^-^UltiiMi fore, was only a force, and. that foroe made heat; the heat rendered incandescent whatever was capable of combustion. Electricity might be generated by friction, by the galvanic battery, or tne dynamic battery. It was found that by rubbing a glass or metal tube with a silk cloth electricity would be produced in the tube called vitreous electricity; whilst, if the tube were made of sealingwax, resinous electricity would be developed. The former attracted substances and the latter repelled them. When, however, two bodies wereelectrified by the same they repelled, butwhen dissimilarly electrified they attracted each other. This simple means of producing .electricity was known before the Christian era, but. no. further development of the subject took place until machines were constructed which would f be capable of generating a much larger quantity of electricity than could be caused by rubbing a wax or glass tube. The first machine consisted of a brass cylinder and a plate of glass which was quickly moved against a horsehair leather cushion, and the friction of the glass on the cushion developed a considerable quantity of electricity. By means of a machine of more advanced type some electric sparks were produced. These sparks were miniatures of the electric sparks which passed from the clouds to the earth during a thunderstorm, and the noise created by the passage of the spark from one knob of the machine to the other was a miniature of the thunder-peal which was heard after the lightning was seen. (Applause.) It was found by experiment that when two metals were immersed in certain liquids a current of electricity was effected, and when several of these were joined together to form a battery it was found 1 that a powerful current could be' generated which could be used for useful purposes. . There were several kinds of these batteries , having various metals and liquids. His Grace then gave a description of the uses of electricity as applied to lighting purposes, and ' gave a luci' explanation of the incandescent and a - lights. He traced the development U electricity down to its recently discovered property as a motive power. Electricity, he stated, showed man how little he was in point of power and knowledge when compared with the Great'Being who created that force; which now, after 6000 years, came tinder the observation of man. The lecture was illustrated with a number of experiments in electricity and . electric lighting. by Fr.; Kennedy, S.J., and some :represeiit'atives of the Schanschieff Electric' Light Company, by whotit the necessary apparatus and appliances were lent. At the cohelusion a vote of thanks to the Archbishop was proposed by the fiev. C. Shealian, and seconded by Mr. Smithwick, one of .the members of the C.Y.M.S. Fr. Kennedy,, in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman, alluded to the great interest Dr.'.Brownless had always' taken in education, more especially' Catholic education. Dr. Brownlessi' in replying, :isaid ; that what little he, :had' done,;he thought but his;duty, and he trusted that in:the future he would not be found wanting. The proceedings ihen terminated. 