LlHE«Mi-Y_W THE LEI, Ul ? AiSTOBX OF THE COUNTRY. ' (From thoV Vanity Fair', Christmas Supple ment.) . Chattbb I. Do I believe in ghoata ? No! for I have never seen moro than one ; but in that one I believe moat oortainlv and most emphatically. Indeed, why should I not ? For coupled -wilt the existence of my partiou lur ghost are a train of events whioh lod to my seonring a fortune and winniug a wife. 'Nothing: happens but the unexpected' is an epigrnmmntio kind of axiom whioh oontainn a gri'at amount of truth. Ic is, therefore, not oiimri'ai'nry nfftfP nil t*hflfc ft fifcftlwftrfc. nrACfclQlll sort of fellow like Bertie Grulmnio— that is my mime, if you please — should havo uniutontion ally mid unexpectedly become tho hero of a romantic incident. Before I doveloped into a hero I had treated the romantic with something very like scorn. I biul, of course, heard of spiritualism, but had scoffed at it. Occultism and mysticism wore nitre names to me. I had nover troubled to investigate them ; and the mention of an 'inner cult' aroused no unsatisfied yearnings within my heart. I was, I suppose, a Philis tine, if not a Goth; but I enjoyed iny lifo — and what did it matter ? As a truth my lifo was a somewhat lazy, idle 'one; my parents had both died, leaviu.r mo blest with that whioh is so many men's worsfl curee— a- small ? independency, lariro enough to enable mo to live comfortubly as a bachelor, far too small to permit me to marry, unless my brido were heavily dowered. ' ? For that, 'however, I cared little. I had never met a girl who had caused me a minute's hoartaohs, and:if I had my olub in town,, a little shooting in the autumn, a mount in the winter, and plenty of boating in the ouminer, I was as happy as the days were long. It is curious that my passionate love of. rowing led to the incidents which altered tho tenor of my whole life. I had been for soma years in the habit of keeping a boat up the river, and had run down constantly from town, and had spent daye together rowing on the lovely reaches of the Upper Thames, passing my nights at one or other of the little innB which nestled on its banks. Thus, like most rowing men, I had learnt to know and to love nearly every par: oE tho old river. To one spot I beoame particularly attaohed. It was a tinv village — I will call it Summer ton— which lay at the foot of some riahly wooded hills, and straggled its solitary street along the riverside. The village consisted of a few cottages, a single shop, a tiny publiis honse, and on the bank of the river itself a somewhat more pretentious inn, which was half inclined to give itself airs and assume hat it was a veritable hotel. Nevertheless, he Rcse, which was its somewh.it poetic name, was one of the most oomfortablo of inns on the river, and, as I wiw always warmly welcomed by the host at.d hostess, I had come to be a pretty frequent visitor, and to feel quite at home 'within its hospitable walls. ' . Sumnierton is situated between -iO and 50 miles from London, and has the advantage — no mean one -of not having a railway station nearer to it than eight or nine mile*. Iu «. m sequonce it enjoyed a freedom from thu visits of 'Arrys and 'Arriets, and a corresponding quietness which was must alluring totho:-e ivho ►ought rest from tho gay and 'giddy whirl. The whole district wa* full of picturesque bits, and therefore, the Rose ?«* seldom without some well known artist or other who nwle it his heudquarters. and the cosy little parlour of tho inn boasted walls whi'h were nearly covered with sketches and pictures bearing names thut had a very considerable tcirkes value— gifts laid at the shrine of the hoitoss, lire. Denn, who must have been a very lov:!j womnn oiice, and even at the time I writs was Hifticiently comely to warrant tin wannly expressed admiration of her ardent friend*, ami tbo bestowal by them upon her of sift* nnd mementoes more or less artistic. Whenever this happened— and it was pretty often— her husband, Jack Dean, seemed inexpressibly aroused, and indulged in a succession of chuckles which became utsurd by their reitera tion. Why he was called Jack Dean no one seemed to know ; as a matter of fact, I bslievo his name was not even John, bnt everybody called him Jack, so it did not signify. In my own mind I always attach certain idusyncracies to certain uame3, and Jack B«mi to me to be proper to lively, energetic, dare devil kind of fellows: not a Etout, goad htimcured individual who was in the habit of relapsing into any conveniently near urnichuir and indulging in subdued laughter -not only outwardly but inwardly — at his pretty wife's conquests to such an extent that his wholo being eeemed permeated with good temper. However, Jack he was, and Jack ho was likely to remain. Moreover, he was a general favourite, and there is little doubt the rotundity of his balance at the county bank bare a satis factory resemblance to tho yearly iuoreasiusf corpulence of his person. There was only one house in or near tin villago with any claim to be called large, and that 'was an old- fashioned place called simply The Lea. It was the property of a family nam--d Mer ton ; the present owner was a widower with one child, a daughter. But as tho loss of his wife was recent, and had taken place at The Lea, both father and daughter avoided the place, and it was therefore usually shut up and left in care of the housekeeper, while they spent their time mostly abroad. It thii3 hap pened that during my frequent visits I had on no occasion seen anything of tho Mertous, wlioee name, when Jack Dean was initiating me into the ways and manners of Snmmerton, I remembered with a. smile was that of a dis tant and long-forgotten branch of my mother's family. ?;, The Lea' was of no particular style oE architecture, and was more' picturesque than pretentious, bnt it had that air of homeliness about it whioh is. more a characteristic of English country houses than of thoso 'bf any other land in the world. It was situated on 'a alight' elevation leee than a quarter of a milo from the village, and its grounds ran down to the river's bank, so that when passing in my boat I had frequently admired its appearauce, the greenness of its velvety swards, and the 'stateliness of its giant elms, in whose topmost branches a colony of rooks built their ungainly nests, and with ceaseless cawd discussed their own and their neighbours' affairs in a do plorably public manner. The place had always a onrious fascination for me, which -was odd, for it was at The Lea that the strange to write this story. '_Cha.ptbb H. ? ? ??'.!. Well, it was in tho autumn. of 188— that. ?\onei.'glorioua afternoon in the prime of an' Indian summer -I rattled down to Reading by G.W^R., drove over to Cavemham, entered my boat, and started to row — no, I shall not say whether, it was up or down stream— in- tending to rcaoh Summerton the sam9 even ing,' which I calculated to be able to do with out overwork. When I pulled into tho reach in which Summerton lio-i, tho sun had set some time, but -the aky waB bright . with a glorious ufter glow, whioh, however, left the landscape and river bathed in a deop purple twilight. As I rested :-v few minutes on my sculls ad miring the Bceno— for Summerton, under such conditions, -looked more lovely, if anything;* than by day— I noticed unusual signs oE life in 'the village, unwonted lights appoaredin many' wiu'dowB, unwonted iiguros were pass ? ? tog ;to- oncj fro in-the street. ; ( ,??, ' ' ' A fewmoie'etrokos and I was alongside the' it vl^ttle^andjpg stage belonging .tp the, Roao. ?: . ' ? I 'Was mtf there by Tom,.' the ; odd' man, ostler, and ferryman attaohed to the Inn. When I told h,im to foUovr mo with my luggage to the house he Duly grinned. ' c , ,.' It was the peculiarity of tho , Rose thut ?whereas, the landlord chuckled, the' . general utility man grinned. ? ? ? ,' ,; I have never yet been tempted, )o go into the ?'' 'Vthical reasons for this,' tho 'simple fact re-; ? Qsains. - ? ?['.;'* ?' .'['????»( '' ' ' ?'?' -Oh're'pohing'ffio'lrjii X;wA8 under tho iin ?iprc«sion' chads h'ad 'resumed', its sway. In the little bar. a oomfortiWe parlourj ,wh,er,e peaoa ' had 60 long' reigned supreme, fheair was heaTy ,\rith the smoke frpjn a sqore;or_ so of pipes, and ' ..-tbb atmosphere reverberated with the stentorian '' V'tonei and bucoHo oatlja of ^lepmiott^l ''? ? ? ' ?'?'??'.'..'?-.wi- i ??? Whiskies, both Sootch and Irish, wore being demanded in accents whioh would havo shattered the electric incandescent lights of a Criterion buffet, by tho mere shook of their voluminous intensity. Jaok Dean's ohuckles woro more porsistont than usual, as he divided his timo between serving 'goos,' cutting up lemons, and rattling money in tho till ; collapsing, how ever, at any favourable moment into his arm chair, in order to inwardly enjoy his laugh. Mrs. Dean did not look so ohoorful. Her guests wero ovidently strange to her. Perhaps she missed tho more refined tones and dolicaiely veiled compliments of her artistic friends. Perhaps, also, the present company failed to flatter her sufficiently, for it was natural that minds which had concentrated thoir efforts upon the contemplation of beauty us represented by a well devoloped bullock, or found o'.egauM of contour in tho lines of quadrupeds of porcine extraotior, should bo moro attracted br tho massivo proportions of 'Jovial Jook' thin by the comeliness o! his pretty wife. Directly I entered the inn door, Mrs. Dean saw mo, and running forward mid, '? Oh ! Mr. Grahamo, you here. Dear, dear, thit yon should havo chosen to come this night of all others ! ' ?' Why, Mrs. Doan,' I answered, ' what is the matter? Why this concourse of loud talking individuals— this unwonted babel of tongues 1 Is thero a prize-fight to be pulled off, or is Mr. Gladstono coming to lecture on ' Jura, the preservation of our country ' ? ' 'Oh, no,' was hor reply, 'nothing so dreadful as that.' Mrs. Dean was a rank Tory, but it was difficult to realise whether she referred to tho prize-fight or to tho grand old elocutionist. 'Nothing so dreadful as that, sir! Bnt, dear, dear, to think that you should have como to-night. There's a groat, 'stooksale' in tho village to-morrow, and all the place is filled with dealers and drovers, butchers and farmers. Tbero isn't a bed to bo had for love or money. We are crammed full to the attics, but we cau't turn you away, Mr. Grahame.' ' «'No, indeed, Mrs. Dean,' I said. 'I should think not. I'm not going 10 or 12 miles to tho next village, and the last tmiu went from the junction hours ago ; so if you can't find me a bed, I must sleep under a hedgerow or in my boat.' ' Let's ask my husband,' she said. ' Jack' — even she called him Jack — ' come here at once.' jacK mentally puuea mmselt together, ana physically hoisted himself out of his armchair. ' Good evening, sir; glad to see you, sir,' was his greeting. 'You old stupid!' was his wife's romark. 'Don't you remember we haven't a bed for Mr. Grahame, and every place iu the village is full?' 'No bed!' chuckle, chuckle. 'No bod! that's bad,' chuckle, chuckle; and there was an evident inclination on his part to reseck tho comfortable armchair. But his wife interposed 'Think, Jack,' she said, ' what can be done?' Thought with Jack Dean was a complicated mental process, and had no relation, to the speed of the electric fluid. In the first place he stood stiff and silent, and became proternaturally solemn. The observer would then realise that his mind had retreatod to mysterious inner most depths. In the present case it apparsntly commenced shortly to rise again, for a g'eim of humour bogan to light up hia face : but it was quickly suppressed, and tho mighty in tellect dived again; this time not quite so deeply, as its progress wasuiarked byasories of half- smothered chuckles, ju-t as one follows the course of a diver-bird by tho train of air bubbles which rise to the surface. At hist there came a final explosion of chuckles and coughs — the joyous splash of the dive- bird as it rise? triumphantly, prey in bill. Mrs. Dean understood tho nymptoms, and know a misrhty problam had been solved. ' Well:' she said. Jack only uttered two worde, ' There's ?William,' and toddled off to enjoy a w.ll (Mined repose in his chair alter his exhausting mental effort. ' There's William' conveyed nothing to my mind : to Mrs. Dean's evidently it did much. '?Of course,' bhe said; ' how stupid of mn not to think of it !' Fiom Mrs. De.m I soon learned that ' Wil liam ' was the head gardener and husbandman of the housekeeper at The Lea. The family, as usual, were away, knd the house shut up. But there was no doubt William and his wife would be able and willing to find me a corner iu which lo rei-t my weary head. Under the circumstances I felt littlo scruple in accepting tho oii'er, as I was sure hud tho Mertnns been at home my card and an explana tion of the situation would readily have proaured mo tho hospitaliry I needed. Besides, the only alvernativcs wert, tired as I was, to row another 10 miles or bleep in my boat, neither of which I felt inclined to adopt on a dark, damp autumu nijilit. The preliminaries woro soon settled; a mes sage was despatched to William and his wife, which elicited a favourable ruply ; and after a hasty Kupper, I left tho Rose, glad to escaps tho noise and confusion which had tnuisfonnei iu usual peaceful quietness into u. iairly good sub stitute for Bedlam. There were ' sounds of revelry by nUht' as piloted by Tcm, who carried my bug, I made my way through the village. I had an irritating conviction that Tom was indulging in his accustomed irrinn, but tho darkness of the night covered him, and he escaped my wrath. We quickly reached the lodgo-gatss, an! turned sharply from the. road into the drive which led to the house. The night, as I havo said, was dark, and a slight mist which had risen from tho river cast an air of mystery over everything. Under the conditions existing, tho aspect of the drive was weird and eerie. The wind sighed mournfully through tho branches of the elms, BhrubB assumed the proportions and shapes of hideous creatures of the night, whilst more than once a screech-owl crossed our path. ' I fancy Tom had ceased to grin: ' Had I been nervous or oven imaginative, my mind might havo become filled with ideas of the super natural ; as it was, I should have scoffed at tho idea. The principal entrance being looked, bolted, and barred, we entered by a side door, and wero met by Mrs. 'William.' After her. apologies for not opening the front door, ttnd_ my expression of ' thanks for hospitality 'in any' ?shape; she ledme'up a flight of Btairs, and along dim passages, till Bhe reached the room I was to occupy for tho night. Tom followed with my bag, and resumed his grin as he was dismissed with a tip. The chamber was a good-sized one, panelled on all sides : the furniture was evidentlv of various datce; bnt mostly consisted of valuable black oak. The fireplace was one of thoso large ones unuHual in bedrooms, and in the grate, was burning a bright, cheerful fire. '?? '.GloBe 'beside the' fireplace was a oosy arm rehairpotmorB modern tmako than the' rest of the furniture, and beside it was a small round table, on which stood a. glass tumbler, lemopa, sufrar, and a steaming jug of hot water. Mrs. 'William' had evidently an eye to my well being. , ? -, . 'I hope you will be comfortable,' she said. ' Very little fear of that,' I replied, glai cing at the preparations mado for mo. She followed my glance, saying, ' I hope you exouse the liberty, sir, but Mra.Doan sent word that, ae yon would have your own flask with you, I was to provide hot -vator, sugar, and lemons.' . ' ? ' Sirs. Dean ia' awfully thoughtful, and it's yory good of you,' I answered. ; ? ; j ' '.'. ' &£d, aiTj she said that I was to say that, as this wing is never ocoupied by the family, and only used ' whon bachelor gentlemen aro staying hero, there was . no reason at all why you shouldn't smoke, if you wished. ' r 'By Jovo!' I exclaimed 'that ia luck.' 'Yes, sir; Mrs. Dean said you generally liked a smoke tho last thing, and, oh, I know all about it, sir I There's William now, ho worrits and worrits himself dreadful liko. Cut tings will 'damp off,' you know, sir, do what you will; and then the frost pincheB tho ? ' standards/ and mildew is that aggravating where vines ore concerned, that, I do believe, if I didn't lot him emoko he'd bo fit for a lunatic asylum, that I do. But thore, give him his pipe and he'sall right, and beggingyour pardon, sir, I Eupposo it's the same with you.'' ' Woll, I haven't the care of outtings, nor do I suffer agonies over vines, but I onjoya pipe none the leas, and, if all wives wero : like yon, tho question ,of tho failure of marriage would never' po raised.' ' ? ? 'La, sir! but then yon are vory tirod'^— t was — ' and, if you want nothing moro, I'll bid you good-night.' ' Good night, Mrs. — Mrs.——' ' Mrs. Barton, bogging your pardon, sir.' ' Good-night, Mrs. Barton, and thanks vory much.' With that fiho loft tho room— and me alono. Locking tho door, I quickly lighted my pipe, kicked off my boots, and adding from my ilmk a littlo of tho ' water of lifo' to tho raoro in nocctt ivater provided by Mrs. Barton, I sank into my cosy chair by tho fire, and oommon^ed to enjoy that fooling of solf. satisfied oomfort which comes over most mon at the ond of a day of bard physical exertion, coupled with a mind free from care. As tho smote curled up from my pipo, what visions passed through my brain! Mom-ru3 of days long past stolo over mo ; reoolleotious of happy times, if somewhat rough, spout in shooting in Cashmero ; of evenings pissed in pleasant bungalows, whon a moon, such as England knows not, bathed tho surrounding landscupo in light ; noarer homo, of glorious runs in tho shires, whon good going was the order of the day ; of long summer days on tho bosom of Father Thames; and, Bsddor than thoso, memories of thoso stanch comrades who had fallen out of the march of life nover to rise again, of tho sounds of voices for ever stilled, and the grasp of welcomo nevor to bo repented. Ah, well ! my pipe had gone out, and it was ? timo to turn in. Suddenly I felt n sensation, in that marvel-, lous manner we have all experienoed somo time or other, that I was no longer alono in tho room ! . . Moro curious still was it that— my pipa having been, out some timo, and the tobaoo smoke dispersed — another more subtlo and delicato porfumo had taken tho placo of tho fragrance of the tobacco, and had made itself ovident to my senses. It hns been said that of all our senses memory clings most strongly to that of scent. The perfume of a flower will, it is asserted, bring back moro quickly to the mind the recol lection of somo cpisofo in one's Hfe'than will even the sound of an almost forgotten melody, ii both are associated with tho same event. In a moment this thought flashed through my mind, and recalled a timo whon to pleasa me— a tiny child thea— my mother had opaned an 'old-world' chest, in which wore deposited dresses worn at long-past balls, dilapidated mittens, gloves, broken fans, piocs of - lbbon, and all those uselend odds and ends which, valueless though they may be, tho female heart is so reluctant to part with. From that chest arose tho Bame perfume that now floated beneath my nostrils, a soent full of a thousand memories of the past, as the lives of a thousand rotes dwell in tho perfume of a pot-pourri. I knew I had locked the door upon myself and an empty room, yet instinctively I turned my head to see if my sensations wore un founded. No ; I was not alone. Thero was soaieono else in the room. Standing between me and the door was a figure of a fair young girl. Tho full blazo of the firelight fell upon her, bo that I had no difficulty in seeing her features and the most minute details of her dress. She was evidently young, but hor hair was powdered in the stylo of tho latter part of the past century, and 'her Jres3 — how can you ex pect me, a man, to write a description of ii dress ':— suffice it to say that it was photo graphed on my mind in such a manner that if I cannot describlo 1 shall never forjjet it. A thousand thoughts flashed through my brain. I had been told no one was in the hou-e but Barton and his wife. The (ioor was tasked— vet there was the girlish fijturo in front of me ! The situation was, to say tho least, om barrnsfing. Had I unintentionally occupied someone elso'G room ? I sprang1 to my feet and tried to spank. ' Jlflnrfiim,' I eottimt'iiced, but my fair visitant raised her hand and placed her iiugcrs upon her lips as if to invplure tilenco. The rotors by the sido of the fireplace had been filled up at Fomo other time or other by a cupboard of panelled oak, old in itself, but evidently of later date than tho carvad iiieplaco. Towards this the lady turned, and silently glided. Reaching it, she paused, hesitatingly, then passed her hand rapidly over the surface of its wooden door'. Apparently puzzled by f-oiiicthiiiir strange mid unexpected, she turned her face 'fully towards me, looking at me with nn expression so indicative of painful anxiaty, that uguic I attempted to break the silence. It occurred to mo that, for all her pyes were so beautiful, sho might yet bs blind. I had hoard of such cases, and it would ex p'.aiu the appearance of trouble on her fdeo and the far-away look which characterised her gaze, perhaps even tho mystery of hor visit. 'Permit me,' I said, ind, wishing to as sist her, I mudo a couple of strides towards her. Then— how difficult it U to describe whit happened — under my very eyes she suddenly vanished ! One moment she was standing there, close to me, in all her beauty; the next, the had absolutely disappeared from my sight. Again I wuh ulono in the room! No trace of my fair visitor remained — nave that faint subtle perfume, which still lingered in tho air. It is no empty bnast to say lam no soward. As honorary special correspoudent to a well known journal I havo been through moro than one campaign. I have traversed the Khyber Pass with my life in my hands, have seen rebels strung up by tho half-dozon at a time, and have been saddened by tho sight of comrades and friends stricken to their death by my side. But I had nover known what was nervous terror until tho moment of which I write., ' ? ' '' ' ''' ? i I 'In a few seconds I] recovered my solf -posses- sion, and beoame convinced I had butsn the subject of .ah~opticardelusibn;'' Then I1 examined the doors of the cupboard — they were securely fartenod— and satisfied mysolf the bedroom, door still remaiued looked. 1 endeavoured to laugh at the idea of my having been face to face with a ghost, howover ' charming ; but thero etill remained that faint trace of perfume to assure inu the vision had been no dreanL. ? 'Should'I awaKbn MrT dnd'llrs. Barton, and explain what had happened 'i ? Where wus tho use ? I determined to await, the morning, and sought that repose I stood so much in need of. TVhpn T flroBft TlnTt -1rw nw TinrvAU \\\nt\ rn. gained their normal state ; but the vividness of the impression left by tho event of the previous evening had ia no way diminished. Packing my bag, which I left for Tom to fetch, I descended to Mrs. Barton's quarters, and after winning her heart by liberally re wardingh'er for her kindneB' to 'inej I'put a few questions to hor, apparently dictated by themereet curiosity. I learnt Bhe had been housekeeper at Tho Lea for fivo-and-twenty years— tho whole of her master's married life. , -My inquiry as to whether so old a house and respected a family, did not boost an orthodox prhpHt, was received with amused smilos by William's wife, who replied: ' Ghost, i-ir ! la, no ! there hasn't been a ghost in my time, and I haven't ever hoord o' one. Our family ain't one of that kind.' By whioh I supposo she meant all the Mer tons had boon fairly well behaved in thoir time, and owned no skeleton carefully looked away in an unused oupboard. I kept my secret, and hastened to tho Rose to secure my broaafast, for whioh I began to feel a strong .desire. After breakfast I interrogated Jack as to the existence in tie village of any legend in which a ghost played a part ; but from his account, the village eeemod absolutely devoid of any such romuutio uido to ita history, and tho m^ro suggestion threw him into such a strugglo with chuoklcs and threatened apoploxy, that I paid my bill ond^ ??left the inn in a more irritable fiamo of mind than had over marked my pre vious departure from its doors. . Seating myself in my boat, I soon pulled back to my starting, pltico; and catohing an up-trainto Poddington, an hour later was in my chamhers once more. But, although the restless /life of London ia fatal to romance in almost any ioxm, I found it impossible to freo my mind' {lom.the vis'oo of that fair face which haunted it so constan ly. (To It eontintud to-morrow.) j 