THE SALVATION ARMY AND ITS RESCUE WORK. " The sixth annual meeting in connection with the, Salvation Army Prison Gate and Rescue AVqrk was held last night in tho Carrion-street Congregational Church, under the presidency of, the Rov. Dr. Bovan. Thero was a largo at- tendatico at tho meeting, tho edifice and its spacious gallory being filled to their utmost capacity. Tho musical portion of the mcuting wob led by tho army's brass band. The proceed ings having been opeuld in the customary manner, Dr. Bovnn gave tho army a very hearty wcl- oomo to the church. .(Applause.) He looked back to the first mooting the army held in the church last year with much satisfaction, as it had done them good, and he hoped it had- dono tho army good also. Before long he hoped every church in Melbourne would bo open to them — (applause) — and lio wished them God speed, cspceiallyin their noble rescue work iu tho gaol, tho alums and amongst the outcast and tho lost. Tho'ro was only ono way of doaling with tho evil from which society was suffering, and the army had found out that way ; thoy wore doing good service in' their rescue wjprk. As long as the churoh stood its doors would bo open to all mon who tried re do God's work. He rejoiced to see the platform occupied by representative mon, and for his part lie would join hands with anybody who tried to save tho lost in any way. (Applause.) Commissioner Howard thanked Dr. Bovan and tlie trustees of tho ohurch for throwing tlio cdifico open to tlio army, and said no church organisation would suffer through holding out tho hand of followship to tho army. Great necessity existed for tho oxtonsiou of tlic army's roscuo work, and they must either go down amongst tho filth of tho de graded ones in attempting to rescue somo precious jewel, or else tlicy must turn their backs upon tbo work of Christ altogether. Ho that day understood whilst in tlio Attornoy- Gcnoral's office that as many as 2000 poor fallen women were known to tlio polico in tho city or.:1, suburbs. Tho ««!! wo-' grout, end tho difficulties in tho way woro many, hut it behoved thein not to be discouraged. They might npt be ablo to stamp tho evil out, hut with God's lovo in their lioarts success was bound to attend their labors. Ho rejoiced that tho Govern ments of tlio jirosont day wero waking up to tho fact that their duty wns not merely to punish tho wrong doer, but also to reform and savo him. It was bccauso tho Salvation Army placed this in tlio front rank that they had confidence in appealing to the public, and in recommending their work to their consideration. Their rcsauo work was in harmony with tlio Bpirit of the ago, but more especially was it in harmony with tho spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) One way— nlid porlinps tho host way — to fight this evil was to so agitato tlio subject that legislation would bo secured. AVliorover tho Criminal Law Amendment Act liad boon enforced it laid worked well, and sinco its adoption in Glasgow not fower than 300 brothels had bocn closed in tho oity alone. (Applause. ) Tho women wcro Uolllji IbBwULU; UUil lVJIUu IVilD lYUUtUU III BOOIBlij was tho closing of tho doors, not to the unfor- ' tunnto women, but to tho men who wero tho chief cause of female degradation. (Ap plause. ) Miss Vincent, a lieutenant connected with the 1 Brunswiok Home, also addressed the meeting, recounting her work amongst tho criminal and unfortunate classes. A collection wns then mado, and at tho samo t-imo Colonel Barkor announced that letters of apology for non-attendance had been recoivod from a large numbor of gentlemen. These in cluded tho I'remior, tho Speaker of tho Lcgislativo Assembly, tho Chiof Secretary, tho Attorney-General, tho Ohiet Justice, tlio Bishop of Melbourne, Mr. Justice Kcrferd, Sir. Justice Chomloy, Sir. Jas. Balfour, M.L.C., Mr. T. Bent, M.L. A;, Sir. Jas. Slunro, SI.L.A., and several ministers and other gcntlcmon, all of whom expressed regret at thoir' inability to attend. Referring to tho rescue work, ho stated that during tlio post year 455 persons had passed through tlioir homos, and ono of tho most pleasing features of their work was the visits paid to tho prisoners in the gaol. He also invited an inspootion of tho accounts in connection with tho rescue work to prove their accuracy. Mrs. Barker, Professor Gosman and tlio Rev. .T. F. Ewing also addressed the meeting, Mr. Ewing contending that tlio army woro now teaching to tho Christian churches lessons which the' churches had cither forgotten or were sorely tempted to forget ; some of these lessons being implicit obedience, practical sclf-donial, enthu siasm and implicit belief in tho oxistonco of tlio Holy Ghost. Sin was rampant in Melbourne, and tho devil was hard at work. It had been said that this colony was not cursed by slums liko thoso of London, hut though England had sent out somo of her ablest men, she had also scut out somo of her worst — her very scum. A fact which every man ought to lay to heart was that tho average ago of the young women received as inmatoB into Buch homes as the army's was about 17. (Hear, hear.) Captain Millor, of the Brunswick Home, aud Captain Burfoot, of tho Prison Gato Brigade, also spoko. Several subscriptions wore handed in at tlio cloin of the meeting, nnd tho total proceeds raised amounted to £496, including £100 from a liuly friend, and £50 from Mr. M. H. Dnvics, M.L. A. 