, CHAPTER XXXV.II. LADY CECILIA'S CRIME. It was late in May, and _Lord Strath, epey had been lying ill at " The Firs for. a couple of weeks. His malady was brain-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the medical , men would not suilor .him ? to be moved. : Moreover, Lasly Drummond" would not agree to it. H.o was one of her oldest frionds, and she felt it a privilege to bo able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless mau that he was! ' . '.>;. . - The earl was very ill, and in imminent danger of- death. The grave doctors warned Lady Neville that she must be prepared for the worst. She and Lady Pi- arl were- permanently established at "The Firs," until the crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day, to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillo ws, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had sob bed herself into a troubled sleep; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her blaok eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul from her body to un do it. The tiny French clock on the mautel ticked away the laggard momenta, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe.' Lady Cecilia's eyes never once left the white, death-stricken face. . " Oh, if ho might live, if he might live," was the one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no God, she had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady.. .All'her hopes were centered in life 1 And in that terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a.sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the Sufferer like a benediction. " He'll live," said the doctors, in a breath, " the danger's past 1" Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, she flung the casement wide open,'and sat down to reflect. All her mad, selfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme abovo every other feeling was her lovo, the love which neglect and coldness and time had failed to subdue. She had worked for her re venge upon this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger even than her hate. She bared her qneenlyrhead to the night winds, and raised her troubled gaze to the silent, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to those early days, when her hopes were so bright. "I could win him yet," she said, at last, between her set teeth, " I could wear the coronet I always coveted, if I were only free P ? Slio hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant'whisper, aud her. eyes wandered through an open door into the chain Iter where poor old Sir Yarney lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with ai heart as tender aud simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman who was his..wife. - . Her eyes wandered toward the cham ber, full of passionate scorn and con tempt. Shu could sco him -lying on iiis couch, his silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful face. " The old dotart 1" she murmured, her fine lips curling. " Will he live forever, I wonder? I married him for his gold why can't he die now, and set me free why. can't he ?" In . the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casement her face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. "I could win him." All things prosper with me. I could be Countess of Strath spey yet, if 1 were only free I" She uttered the words in a -kind , of breathless way,''and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Yarney's chanber. Once in her mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess and control her. She arose softly, atid crossed into the room on tiptoe. ''Strong and healthy-he'll live for ever 1" she uttered, gazing down upon the sleeping baronet's face ; "and I am bound to him. What a fool I was 1 Not even his gold and title were worth tliiB. Why can't the old fool die ?" ? Once give way to a temptation audit haunts you to the end. Lady Drum mond's face grew white and set in the misty moonlight, and her eyes began to glitter with u baleful light. .'Why not?" Bhe murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. "Better wo men than I am have done as bid. I can't live on, fettered to an old dotard I can't-I won't J" The passionate whisper half roused Sir Varney; he turned on his pillow and murmured incoherently. She watched him with burning eyes till he relapsed into Bleep; then she crossed the room and entered a small closet, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on the shelves. Ono of these she selected-a tiny, slender vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture-and putting it in her bosom, re-locked the cabinet and returned to the chamber. Sir Varney was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently he raised himself to a Bitting posture, and his eyes fell upon his wife. 082 " Why, Cecilia.'" ho said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed her; " why are you up so late, child ? What's the matter ? Is the earl worse 1" " No ; he's better, Sir Varney."_ " Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strange, unpleasant sensation 1 1 must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind." His wife arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She crossed to the little table upon which the' wine servico stood, and turn ing her back upon hur husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her...bosom, and removing the cork, poured about "half the whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re-hidden inlier bosom, in the space of a breath. "Will you drink it undiluted, Sir Varney'?" she asked j approaching the bed. ? . , " Yea, my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm feeling .miserably weak." She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. , " Why, child, lie said, " it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps ray tongue's fevered. There, that will do," as she smoothed out his pillow. " Thank you, my love, and J'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bed now-please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to see my dar ling's-cheeks pale." She turned to leave him, and had half crossed the room, when he called her back. "Cecilia," he said, "I'm foolish and childish to-night Won't you kiss me once before you go P I believe if you do I shall be able to sleep." She turned back, and kissed him with out a word. "Mybeautiful darling, my own, own wife," lie murmured, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her' face looking awfully white and horror-strioken. "I am free-I am free," she whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and looked herself in. (To be continued.) 