SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. ? v ; (Bt ' Chitabob.') ?t \ The Turf. If tho Viotoria Amateur Tart Clnb be favoured with fino weather on Saturday next, nothing will bo wanting to make the Grand National Meeting a anooeSB. The Caulfield G.N. Steepleohase, over four miles oE coun try, ia the croaa- ootratry event of the season, , and never fails to attraotan immense number ot sight-Beers. Tho first item on the oard is the Sapling Stakes, and as but few of the youngsters bave made their debut- tne result ' will be watahcd with a good deal of interest. Monmot, Gandy, Olea, Spinaway, and Hor raitago tan at Oeelong, where, it will be remembered, Hermitage won all the way through being favoured by tho starter. The list contains the names of many well-bred ones,' but publio favour is the most reliable \- guide, ana I shall place tham thus— - GANDY ? 1 Hermitage ... ? 2 ' Olba ? ? ... ? 3 \- The horses in the Handioap Hurdle Baoe have been well put together by Mr. Barnard, ? and the race presents an open appearance. ? Bcoftie, as usual, ia well represented, and whichever is the ?elected of the stable will take a lot of beetinjr. Eaglet will, no doubt, bo'reserved for the Grand National Stecploohasa ; but Mr. Miller haa a good horse in Sam, who ran muoh better than ' is generally supposed in the Maiden Hurdle . Baoe at FlemiugtoB. -The Viotim is well in . at llflt 121b, and so ia Prosper at list 51b, but ' I donbt whether the latter is brilliant enough to win in Buch company. Beoall would run ; away with tha raoe if he wonld perform as ' well in pnblio aa he doaa iB private, bnt suoh , a rogue is better left alone. Elfrida is a good ? mare, and will doubtless render a good ao \- oonnbof herself ; but Chandler may be kept \- for the Steepleohase, although it is question able whether he will be quite prepared for either event. Teddington is only moderate, . aad Mioawber haB yet to prove his worth at tho game. Patnellrau a great raoe with . Trolio at Flemington, and as he will have the -feervioea of Corrigan, he ought to make a bi? . lid for viotory. The DuoheBB may make : amends for her poor display at the last meet ? -inp at Caulfield, and no one would begrudge . Mr. Davis the viotory. Lord Harry has been .a disappointment, and is evidently a bit over rated. The plaoes will probably go to SAM ... ? ? ... ... 1 Paenell ? ? hi 2 Scobib's Bbst, or Elfrida ... 3 The Selling Baoe is difficult to deal with, bnt with a start. ALEXANDER ? I . Partner, and ? 2 Yascoba ? ... 3 will be there or thereabouts. The Caulfield Grand National Steepleohase ' promises to be oontested by a bigger and a better field than the late big steeplechase at Flemington. Blue Mountain is supposed to be a good thing ; but he will nna imc did rawer too muon over tour nines. Corythns has not yet appeared over fences in publio, but rumour says that is his eame. However, Eaglet, who won this raoe last year, is to be preferred at 12at 91b., at whioh weight he is not by any means badly used, and whatever beats him will win. Kildara is hardily well enough, and Beny is out of distanoe. Saxon meats Eaglet on very ad-, ▼antageous terms ; and it ia just ou the cards that he will turn the tables on last year's winner. Chandler is no doubt a good animal when thoroughly fit; but be dia nut perform well enough againat Bolton to hive a'ohonee here. Game mgy be an absentee ; and Benmark will probably be started to make the running for bis stable companion, Eaglet. SirJoshuaistoo clumsy; Native is alplodder, bnt of all the light-weights ajm mend me to Bushman, who is pirticnUrly well inst now. I shall antioipate the reEult aa follows:— EAGLET ? .., 1 Bushman ? ? 2 Blue Mountain or Saxon . . 3 ?' The Balaclava Stakes will no don* '? bring out a big field. Without dealing sep-.ataly with' the candidates I shall seleot the follow ing ? . W.E.GLADSTONE ? 1 Kaottl ? 2 Gbben IHLB or The Wild Oat... 3 ' The .week laat past has been the quietest known for twelve months and more. With not a single race meeting to go to, the regular army of turfites have not known what to do to hill time, especially as there is no betting on future events. Wyndham was the rendez vous on 'Saturday, and a .large orowd went down by train, notwithstanding that the weather waa as uninviting as it oould be. The people had no sooner set foot in the paddook han the rain poured down in earnest/ and everybody was compelled to flee for shelter, whioh, however, ia of a very poor desorption and totally inadequate for the ocmforta of the visitors, Before the firat race the rain disappeared as quiokly as it oame, asd what looked like being a miserably wet day turned ont fine after all. Tbe raoing was of a thoroughly interesting oharaeter ; indeed, abetter day's sport was never seen on the Werribee Plains, bnt the proceedings did not pass off withont unpleasantness. In the Trial Stakes baokers bad no hesitation in making I Shouldn't Wonder favourite, and on publio form the odds of 2 to 1 which the book makers demanded did not seem at all extravagant. It ought to have been at leaat 5 to 1 on, but the good thing nevertheless did not come off. Lifiith led into the straight, where I Shouldn't Wonder drew up, bat to the consternation of the spectators the jookey took a deliberate pull at the mare's head, and St, George just beat Lillith after a short, sharp struggle. The offending jookey Co well was asked to interview the stewards, who were not long in coming to the deoision that 'whole boiling '—jookey, mare and owner — should be disqualified for twelve months. Of course there were various opinions on the stewards' aot ion. Some said that the jockey had merely made a mistake, and did not pull I Shouldn't Wonder for the purpose of loainer the raoe ; but the faot remains that he did pull her, and pulling ia an offenoe that cannot be oondoned. Then again, those who ought to know say that I Shouldn't Wonder waa baoked in a genuine fashion by the stable coEneotionB. who are supposed to have lost every ocnt they possessed by the result. If bat is co, it seems hard that they should be fijfida the victims of a jookey 's blundering ; ' bat possibly the stewards knew more than the outside public. It is not long einoe that that the same three offenders— Cowell, I Shouldn't Wonder, and tbe reputed owner, W. M'lvor— were disqualified at Mordialloo undor similar oiroumatanoes, Altogether they are a bad lot, andttbe Victorian turf is a gainer by the removal for a time of suoh aa undesirable trio. Biohmond, who was the favourite for the Hurdle Bace, would probably have won but for running off. As it waa, two outsiders in Willie and Arutides finished firat and seoond, muoh to the delight of the bookmakers, who closed their bags to the old refrain of Ob, Willie, we have 'missed' you ! Willie, who is by the Melbourne Cup winner Woollamai out of a Kingston mare, has run very badly lately, and the fielders to a man had a 'skinner.' He is in H. Connolly's stable. The Wyndham Handi cap turned put a good thing for Bewi, . who beat the favourite Green Isle easily at the finish. A few weeks ago the owner, Mr. F. Fanoti, waa disqualified at Oakleigh Park for the auspicious riding of Esoapade; but Bewi sported his oolours on Saturday, although the horse ran in the name of E. Kelly, who trained Cinderella for some time in Sydney. Whether Bewi has changed hands or not is open to question ; bnt whether he has or not, there oan be so sort of a doubt that Mr. Paneti, who was present in defianoe of the rules, profited to a good tnne by the result. There waa some talk of a protest, but nothing came of it. The oiroumstanosa warranted an inquiry into the ownership of the horse, but tbe authorities are very lax over suoh matters. If a disqualified owner can run horses by simply transferrin them to somebody else, where does tbe punishment oome in? Alexandra won the Selling Stakes, and waa sold to Mr. J. I, Saqui for £255, wh-oh left the elub the nice little nest-egg of jQlHa. After going a few strides Mistake fell over Beryl II., who ran against a post. Yankee Grab was the favourite for the Steeplechase, and in . Corrigan's hands he won easily from Bob Cooper and She oak. Doutta GaTla, Nabooklieh, and Young Hero fell duriog the raoe, but none of the jookoya were muoh tho worse. Green Isle waB saddled up again for tho Werribee Park Handioap, but nothing had the ghost ot a ohanco with Ernest, who woniu a oommon canter, Jerusalem nnismng second, and the favounto third. The jookey, D. King, met with an aooident on Baturday, at Caulfield, by whioh he broke hia collar-bone. A subscription is bsing raised in his behalf. An offer of £500 haa been Trefuaed for ProBper. The acceptances for the Melbourne Cup are very Batisfaotory. There aro 105 horses left in. The Mooneo Valley muddle over the Selling Hurdle Bace at the last meeting haa been righted. The raoe, it will be remembered, waa won by Invihoible, Splinter waa aeoond, and Squire third, but aB both Invincible and Splinter had gone the wrong oouraa in ac cordance to the inBtruotiona given by the clerk of the oourse, the stewards ordered the raoe to be run over again.' Mr. Hoyetead. the owner of the third horse, Squire, who weijt tha right course, dissented lrom the steward's i tiling, refusing to rua bia horse again and Claiming the atakeB. 1 he second race waa won by King Billy. Mr. Hoyatead appealed to the V. B.C., and the appeal was heard cn Tuesday last, with the resnlt that the committee upset the deoiBion of the Moonee Valley stewards, and awarded the stakea to Squire. How the stewards of Moonee Valley — Messrs. G. Watson, G. Vowloa, A. Anderson, J. B. Cowell, T. Lear month, A. Ynille, W. S. Cox, and S. Miller— conld 'assify' themselves aa the/ did, ia beyond comprehension. Bnt they did— there'a no question about that. However, all's well that ends well, and the thinga that are Ctesar'a have been rendered unto Coaaar— or rather unto Mr. W. Hoyatead. \- The V.B.C. has endorsed the A.J C.'s dis qualification of the horse Friotion, the owner (T. Brown), and the iookev (Lees), whioh means that Centaur, who ia owned by the same person aa Friction, cannot start for tho Melbourne Cup. The grey ateepleohaser Wollongong has been shipped to India. Messrs. W. C. Ynille and Co. have sold the following horsea Yellow Hammer, to Messrs. M'Hwraith Bros; Ebong, to Mr & Coulston ; Camden, to Mr.Luttreli; Coaaive lanona II., to Mr. - F. Look ; Strife, to Mr. Prell ; a Torohlight gelding and Deux Temps, to Mr. V. Neil. 