? M'SWINEY. WE have always laboured under the impression that Castlemaine has been famous only through its being closely connected, in some way or other, with a brewery. As usual, we are wrong, for we now find the birthplace of Detective M'Swiney to be Castlemaine, that ofiieir liaviug first hailed the smiling morn in this sweet spot in ) 802. Denis M'Swiney, like Claude Melnotte, had a taste for painting, but eventually "turned it up" and joined the police force, the result being innumerable people ever on the prowl have, thanks to Denis, at last found a resting-place in the stone jug, that " Palace lifting to eternal summer. ' The notorious individual with the poetical name of Goggins, recently " put away •' by the D.'s, on one occasion had the misfortune to cross M'Swiney's patb. Mr. Goegins was wanted for an assault and robbery, and Mac. went for, and, at considerable risk, succeeded in fetching the gentle Goggins. Undaunted by numbers, M'Swiney waded into a crowd of the Goggins' people ; the sight of the J), started the gang, who, like a menagerie let loose, turned their undivided attention to the officer. With no little courage, however, M'Swiney " came out on top," and Goggins was " shot in." On another occasion a Mr. Bandy White set out fresh worlds to conquer, and meeting what he took to be a young man from the country roaming the streets of Melbourne, Mr. White, unconsciously, 'tis true, commenced to "lay down the law" by upsetting the countryman, who happened to be a constable from 'way back in plain clothes. Baudy riSedhis victim's pockets and hurriedoffdotrn Little Bourke-street. M'Swiney met him, and, without ' stopping to bandy words with Bandy White, the unlucky wight, who was just as black as painted, had the bracelets adorning his wrists in no time. Did space permit we could give a long list of clever captures on the part of M'Swiney, but it doesn't; besides, we've got to take a givl to see Miln tonight, and several other-all-sufficient reasons—but there, as the Ghost in " Hamlet" saya, " Brief let me be.' On the occasion of Mr. Yeo (member for Dandenong) being robbed in front of the Albioh Uotel, Denny, after ahard run, "dished up" the robber. In the case of the French procuress who was awarded twelve months, this detective figured to advantage, and he was also one of the men present at the celebrated case, the shooting at Tom Nixon, when the redoubtable Chris. Farrell was gyved. In the Markey case, too, a five years and a Bogging affair, and, in short a host of others too numerous to mention," all serve to show M'Swiney'a aptitude for detective work. Last December M'Swiney had a "throw in," being despatched after a runaway to Egypt. The individual whose presence in Melbourne was required happened to be a well-known publican. On board the boat Mac. palled iu with W90H BendofT, the pugilist, aud (so a passenger tells us) the two often had a friendly bout. Of' course nobody knew they had a D. in their midst, and some of the saloon people actually thought that Mac. was some J. L. Sullivan that BendofT was taking away to strike terror into all comere; but this by-the-way. M'Swiney and Woolf actually visited Arabi Pasha, rumour at the time having it that M'Swiney was about to " put up the stuff" for Bendofl' in a straight go to a finish with Arabi; but this we must state is ouly hearsay. Arrived at Alexandria, M'Swiney secured his man and returned (and here again our passenger informant crops upi, scarcely a soul knowing that they had in their midst a Melbourne detective and his prisoner on board. Had they been aware of this fact, it is only natural to assume that things would have been exceedingly unpleasant for Mr. Publichouse. This was very thoughtful of the officer. Whilst on this trip Denny laid hold of a smattering of the French language, not enough, certainly, to pose as a teacher o£ French in Marvellous Melbourne, but he mastered some of it, for all that. This was brought about by a French landlady, who would persist in asking Mac. at meals what dish he'd prefer, and then galloping through the whole menu in her native tongue. During this little operation-M'Swiney's face is said to have been a picture. M'Swiney is smart, efficient and very popular o&cer.; 