THEEE VIGNETTES. Ho. 1 — vim» AUUut grocery m a oingy street; pausing through the frowsy shop, up a narrow dirt encraated stairway, the hand is upon ihe latch to enter the meanest room of the poorest dwelling m Ihe lowest tulde toe of the city. An iron importers' case, roughly nailed upon four pieces of quartering, apologises for a table, two chandlers' cases do dntv as chains: therein no bedstead, only a scrim tick of straw, the only positive furniture a narrow Amoriram sofa, patched and tinkered till Ingenuity exhausted itself; a tin kettle, a tin plule, one pannikin, one cup, and a dolf teapot with broken spout and iron lid. But floor, table, and stools are clean as scrubbing and water can make them, Ihe small window panes are burnished crystal bright, while um worn, well-cUtmed curtain hangs spot. less white across them. _ The tenant, a woman thin almost to a-ttenua. tiou, Ihe -want of underclothing, the thin, cotton dress transparent' with age and washing, exaggerate meagreness to emaciation. Shell standing looking ont from Ihe window, her ejes— as the eyes of one past thinking, hoping or fearing, hick lustre, Tracant, sad. If she ever rejoicedin feminine charmB, they hive been those inseparable from youth, cheer fulness, good health, rosy cheeks, and bright eyes, such have fled. It is impossible to decide whether she is yet youthful. Her hair is abun dant, neatly dressed ; but, indeed, herself, her belongings all around her are neat, cruelly n«at, and as cruelly cold. Too sound of a woman's x&noous;, scolding voice, a springless, uneven step upon the stairs —the woman tema round as -her husband emt&rs.; His dothing is -well worn, spare, shabby, nondescript— neither of labourer, mechanic, nor clerk. He seat* himself wearily upoa the sofa, his wife beside him. She speaks not a word; he volunteers none — the day has long since passed when she greeted his entrance with wist ful hopefulness,' Any chance of work, Frank?' She never questions now; disappointment was succeeded i-y a fear to hope which in turn faded to hopelessness. He might be thirty. The care w-orp brpw, grave, weary face, the set tgidhnes round the «yes and lips form fit com plement to the faco of the woman; together they tableau trouble, failure, weariness of try ing when trial proves futile in wasted energy, or brings some new rebuff, some deeper humuiation. The writing on the mildewed walls of that upper coamber is plain Ichasod. God, man, and hope have departed thence. 2\. — MKPHISTOPHffiES. ' I promised I would come up, and here I am. Now Frank, my boy, whit is to be done ? That old virago below seems a. very termagant, Why. it is a dead robbery to pay rent for this hole I' While the speaker chattered, his cold keen eyes wanderedresuesalyaround, verily analysing the barrenness and nakedness of the surround ings. Frank's wife, after the first greeting, heeded him not, but sat, her face tanned from him, her head upon lipr hand in an attitude of nerveless langour ; the very outline of her drapery, the folds of hex poor print materialised all that could be conceived of an aching heart, a desolate hearth, of all grief crowded into a. life that wrestled from dawn to dark with abject poverty. The -visitor had ? a Uuff, hearty manner in speech and action, every outward and viable sign of jovial good nature and good living : his warm, comfortable attire, excellent lntajste andgualitv, nought conspicuous, nought outre. His age would be sometrhat a problem to a. physiognomist. From the eyes downward, the rosy cheeks, well-shaped sensual lips, the round chin -with its Buggestive double, was young; but this sleek, jovial presentiment of youth was contrasted and belied by the heaw jowl, the fine seams and wrinkles in the broad, square-aged forekead, and the crow's feet at the comers of his chill, steel-grey eyes. 'To be brief, Frank, you know, and you know that I know you to possess « certain secret in chemistry, useless, utterly useless and valueless in honest commerce : to any honest man it is a dead, worthlesB, scientific fact. Old Bobiason Dant, the counterfeiter, on his deathbed bequeathed it to you as a priceless legacy, and ko it is in proper hands. You won't use it— tell it to me: instruct me, and there is kanseL' As he spoke he placed a roll of notes upon the table, dexterouslv loosening; them so they spread out fan-likeas'theyfell. -.. ? ': .1.-1 aj..ot inraed on each of Frank's dun cheeks, au unholy light began to glow in lus sunken eyes; but the light flickered out. Eis wife stirred not, made no sign. ' You hesitate,' Us temrjter continued. ' 'What fears, what scruples bar you ? As to fear, I swear you run no risk; the oracle shall be worted, and your hand never appear. We will advance by degreca ; in the end the grand coup will Dring hundreds. Sad the late bank defaulters known what you know, they would stui be honoured men and -wealthy. Whv not you ? Without fear, without risk, what scruples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can you have? You have no fixed prin ciples to outrage, you are a, penniless, useless, outcast starveling, and I offer you itwn-yiiiMfja comfort^ competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offer yon here and BOW that which is to yon the stepping stone to the realisation of your earliest and best dreams; that which will crown you with the joy of triumph over all those who have scorned, reviled, and trampled on you in your later miseries.' Sepansed. Frank was silent, hib wife made no sign. . '*Z read vour thoughts — chicanery, dis honesty? Yes! Granted 'tis all that, but what prosperous man has his hand clean in this city of insolvencies, specs, and booms? Pshaw! You are degraded enough now. 'What deeper degradation is there than to have been a convict in the past and a pauper in the present V For the first time Frank spoke : — ' I was innocent, and you know it.' ?' Innocent ! Of course, objectively ; far too dainty a gentleman to soil your white fingers, but of not too dainty a stomach to digest re sults. Has not the broad arrow brand sooner or later laid its vulture's claw upon your character -wherever you have been since, and here I bring you freedom, freedom from its pursuit ; it only follows the helpless. I put before you life, health, and suitable associations for men of education, we are superior in education to many wiio lord it in wealth around us. Take your proper place. If I love pleasure and am not unacquainted with riot, it is the outcome of bitterness of soul. I will seek with you the society of cultured men and refined women. Come, let as to work ; what conscience can be left to us, bench-mites on the launches sweeps, companions in ihe quarries ? ' Frank sighed; his wife seemed feebly inte rested. ' You repent? Yes! because yousuffer; you suffer because poor ; your poverty removed and when comfort comes in penitence goes ont, and you live to bless me. You have asked for bread, you have received stones. Now is the hour for yon, and I am the man, it is the darkest hour in the night of yoor misfortune. T bring the lamp to light your path to fortune, I am the herald of the dawn, the first gleam of which to your eyes shall be reflected from the golden image of the goddess. Why quarrel with fortune when she stretches out her hand full of blessings simply because it is her left hand, and not her right? This night, and here, is at your choice all that makes life worth living. To-morrow you will be impotently swung round in the Maelstrom of unpitled indigence, drowning'mid carrion and offal ; here are, not straws to vainly grasp, not shreds of delusive wrack to mock your clinging, but solid spars, a stout raft to bear you safe and sound to the land of promise you have long prayed to see and feel as solid ground beneath your feet. Your past and present is but a charnel-house of bones, crowded with ghosts of good resolutions gone dead — your future, glorious as Canaan.' Frank was deeply moved. An eager look was on hiB face. TTii wife also seemed flushed with interest. . I 't appeal to you, Frank, for your own sake, be A. man of ijie world ; by tne memory of our youthful friendship, our common suffering, I appeal to you, teach, me thoteecret; I love you as my own brother, and would save you aad yours. Yon flare not 1» a 'fool— look at your poor young wife there, starving, dying before your eyes ; her blood will be upon your head — the girl you took from a happy home, from comfort, eves luxury, to drag her down to this. See you not, she is dying from cold, neglect, starvation, and a broken heart. Speak, man! There are noteo, gold, and silver .' .' Tell me this secret. Let her decide. Consent, Frank — speak for kim, Eachel !' And I say, 'Go!' Eachel rose to her _feet, all listlessness gone, her whole form erect, 'dilate, Quivering with life, enenry, -and indomi table wul. No beauty — not even good loots? The woman is alive with the lithe, nervous, vigor ous beauty of a leopardess guarding her young. ' Go ! I know you. Infallible instinct re veals yours the shadowy hand, reaching out from the darkness of your soul and my hus band's past, that has from time to time, front j.U; j ? iu place, pointed the way to his dismissal. Vour evil presence has secretly shadowed us even to this last refuge to attain your own ends and purposes. Gal you baffled hound ; to you and your like we bid defiance, hatred, and contempt to the bitter end. My husband and I will, if needs must, go forth together to tho mercy of the street, perchance even to that Omega of the destitute, ths cold slabs of the morgue; but together, and for the future — innocent.'' 3\. — axxhsaz. Husband and wife are alone ; each needs the other, both need God. , Alone with memories of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, the dying uiomeati of their dear lost children. The Great High Priest officiates at this lonely domestic altar. They . partake together of a holier sacrament than the ona that joined Hietr hands in by-gone years, united now for time and eternity in the spiritual union that links them through suffering, paiiencej temptation' trial and victory to love divine. One in themselves, one with Him Crucified. All have m''*^ Their punishment, their -lis- cipline has Kot been beyond their strength. In that eilent embrace is conceived the Christ child Hope. GEOEOB H. T.Tintun, finuuwibfe^Otu AngQBU - r - - 