Tle Igol0dsby Legeads. r, ':o?(- :,as T J?..0tfaf, esq. THE SPECThE OF TAPPIxGTON. "I7 is vo- .- though; whbt can have berrr.e i:-'" aid Charo: Seaforth, a hoe pcrA r: : a valance of :, o.ld.fohioned d-,, d• in ::-fashioned apartment of a s.tL r? , : I--ioned manor.house; "'tis c:nfr.. ,3, and I can't make it out at as:L VW. Irr.ey, where are they-?-and where :L .-- .e you ." w ,, : r.. !r was returned to tLis appeal ; and the -:':, ho was, in the ,main,a reason -bae . -at least as reasonab:e a person as \--gentleman of twenty-two in "the : .n fairly be exprcted to be-cool.d Sreflctt that his servant could r? ei'lY extempore to a summons which eible he seo5l. icar. \- - p;:ication to the L-_l was the con e re-ult ; and the ff.,t.-epe of as tiht s ever put pip.-clav to belt sounded he gallery. -,..e in!" said his =mater. An inefete \- :tempt upon the ie-r reminded Mr. -th that he b oi .ckel him-elf in. " By .r- ! this i the dd st :.ig cof a:I," said he turned the ker and admitted Mr. .ire into hi. dL--oter. " arnev, whre ar e r my ostaltos ?o " 'is itthe ireeches ?" :v.ed the valet, cast an inquirngo ee ro-rd the apartment; \- it the treche, sir " " Yes what have you done with them ?" "Slre then yrcl-no ..r L:,d them on when .: wet; to i,, an-d it-' h rea}'out they'll be, .1 be L:;" .d ?rey ifted a faehionab'e nici--m a c? -back-ed arm-chair, proceed gin L- ex:,m:nation. B?t the search wn n : there was the tuni aforesaid: there -as - :ma t-?a - g kerseymere waistcoat ; .&ct-O; t itt,., 'nt-article in a gentleman's "W here can they be !" ask-o the master, nit a strong accent on the auxiliarn verb. "orrow a know I knows," said the man. '- :t must hare been the devil, then, after ho. has be-n here a?t carried them off! " :- Seaforth, ?aring fulli into Barney's face. :r. -aauire was not d0eoidl of the super ::'n of his couatrymen, but he looked as if \- d not subscribe to the equiltr. Pis master read iacedu:i:y in his counten lr:-. "Why, I :e l vou, Barney, I put them :.-re, on thyt a?a-eheir, when I gotinto b d: :.i, by Heaven : I distinctly saw the ghostof tLe old fellow they tod, me of, come in at t inight, put en z? pantaloons, and walk _y.t with them." May be e," was the cautious reply. "Itho:eht, of ctourse, it was a dream ; but ten--where the d-- are the breeches ?" The cue-tion was more easily asked than answered. B lrner renewed his search, while the lieuternat folded is arms, and, leaning aai,-t the -oi-e', sonk into a reverie. "After - l., it mut be some trick of my !a?hter-Iving c-.-in-." said Seaforth. "Ah! then, the lad;et:-" chimed in Mr. 3M-aui-e, th:ugh the bl-ervation was not addressed to Lim : " nld will it be fMisst Caro!in. or ,ii-i Fno that'a stole your honour's things " I "I L.r, liy know what to think of it," pur Ened the eareved ltruterant. still rpeaking in sojrq' y, with la eye ?etine dubiously on the ch:.d er-door. "I locked myself in, that's certain: and-- ut there nm-', be some other' entrancerr t th- r?om-poohl I remember the pri ::- s:srcaoe ; h-.w could I be such a i -A ? " a:. i he cr~s.a the ehalober to where a !ow OGna do -rease w-s dimly visible in a c.-t.anr c-rrr. He paused before it. Nothing, zw interf:rý! to screen it from observation ; =u it Lore- tkhnas of having :een at some p r',rdrr per.= c n-saled by tapestry, remains i ,f which y: c:' hed the wato on oither side t portal. "This war they must have come," said Seaforth; I wish with all my heart I had ) ca.ught then.:" r " Och ! the ktters :" s;ghed Mr. BIarne , MIauuire. But the myste-y was yet as far from being solved as belfr,. True, there was the "other g idor ;" but then that, too, on examination, p wOs even more ermly secured than the one which opened on the gallery,-two heavy I Loti on the inside effectually prevented any c.ap de main on the lieutenant's Lirouac from d tai: quarter. He was mere puzzled than r ever ; nor did the minutest inspection of the walls and ?,oor throw any light upon the .i-<:: one thin? only was clearu-the -_-s?l, ?were gone! "It very indnar," t oa"l the lieutenant. V Tappington ;cenerally called Tepton) Eve- t roed i- an antiquated but commodious manor- . h.,-eve in the eantern divinion of the county of ) Klent. A former proprietor had been High- a shrriff in the days of Elizabeth, and many a dark and dismal tradition was yet extant of n l,e iicentiou-neso of to life, and the enor ritry of hi' ofences. The Glen, which the it keer's daughter was seen to enter, but fi never known to quit, still frowns darkly as of yore; whie an ineradicable bloodstain on the oaken stir yet bids defiance to the united o enerpies of op and sand. But it is with one particular apartment that a deed of more S seperial atrocity is said to be connected. A Etrarger guest--o runs the legend --arrived unexpectedly at the mansion of the " Bad Sir Gilis." They met in apparent friend-hip; tut the ill-concealee srowl on their master's v brow to!d the domestics that the visit as not fi a we!come one! the btanuet, howrever, was y not spared ; the wine-cup circulated freely, too freely, perhap-,-fi'r sounds of die-crd at s lenoh reached the ears of erren the excluded sereng.men. as they were doirg their best to i imitate their betters in the lower hail. Alarmed, some of them ventured to approach t the parlour one,an old and favoured retainerof the house, went so far as to break in upon ii his nroater's privacy. Sir Giles, already high a in oath, fiercely enjoined his absence, and he h retired; not, however, before he had distinctly I heard from the etrangr's lips a menace that "There ns that within Lis pocket which could b disprove the knihbt', ri;ht to i-sue tihat or any other command within the wails of Tapto." ii The intruoion, though momentary, nermal to have produced a Leneficial effect; the vcas of the disputantt fet', and the con- n versation was carried on thenceforth in ah more sbduea d tone, till, as evoning closed in, E the damestios, when onemoned to attend wi:h li;gha., found not only cordiality reaored, q hut theta stil deeper carouse was meditated. Fresh stoups, and from the choicent bins, t were produced; nor was it till at a late, or - rather early hour, that the revellers sought d their chambers. b The one alluted to the Etranger occupied tLe first floor of the 'astern angle of the E bhi'lin_. and had once been the brounite aarorament of Sir tailes himself. Seandal tl oaei.ed this preference to the facility whieh a pr:;-te stanatse, communicating with the grout,, bad afforded him. in the old knight'os time of following his wicked courses un- a checkh t y parental observation; a consider- tl ation vtich cesnted to be ,f weight vsen the 1 da- th L his father lerft him uncontrolled n master ,.I his estate and actions. From that p-niod S-rsiles haI estahbished himsrelf in what c were col'ed the " etateapartmeto," and the - "cakton ebhurber" was rartely tenanted, save n on occ?ioao of extraordinary fratirity, or b when the yule log drew an unusually large Iii alccesion ~if guests around the Christmasi hearth. On this eventful night it was prepared for the unknown ohitor, who soought his couch r heated and infi~med from his midoight orgies, and in the morning was fond in Iht bed a t ewollen and tlhtkened corpEe. ?o marksof o violence apteared upon the body; but the I livid hue of the lips, and certain dark- t coaournd spots visible on the skin, aroused a Esuspicions which thoe who entertained them 'were too timid to express. Apoplexy, induced a bh t thexcesses of the preceding night, Sir t Gile's confidential leech pronounced to be the t cauoe of his sudden dissolution. The body h was buried in peaca; and though some shook their heads as they witnessed the haste with which the funeral rites were hunerid on, none c ventured to murmur. Other events arose to distract the attention of the retainers; men's I winds became occupied by the stirring politics of the day; while the near approach of that fo-midable Aro.d, so vainly arrogating to itself a title which the very elements joined t with human valour to disprove, soon interfered to weaken, if not obliterate, all remembrance t of the nameless strasger who had died within the wals of Topton Everard. yeen roi ed on: the"adl Sir Oiles" had himselt long since gone to his aecount, the last, an it was believed, of his immediate line; though a few of the older tenants wrre some tim heard to speak of an elder brother who it had disappeared in early life, and never in.- i hetited the eta te. Rumours, too, of his n hating left son in foreign lands, were at one n time nife; hbut they died away, nothing occnr- a i-g to epioit them: the property paved n rnchallengd to a collateral branch of the yo family, and the secret, i secret there were. T 'ras buried in Denton churchyard,in the lonely grave of the mysterious stranger. One er-Si cumaunce alone occurred. after a long-inter I vening period, to revive the memory of these t.-an'actions. Some workmen employed in grubbin2 an old plantation, for the purpose of roising on its Fite a modern shrubberry, dug up, in the execution of their tsk, the mil dewed remnants of what seemed to have been once a garment On mnre minute ins ection, encugh remained of silken elashes San a coarse embroidery, to identify the relies Sash having once formed part of a ra:r of trunk la hose; while a few papers which fell from a them, altogether illegible from damp and age, is were by the unlearned rustics conveyed to the at then owner of the estate. it Whether the Equire was more asuccessfl in deciphering them was never known; he Scertainly never alluded to their contents; and \- little would have been thought of the matter h but for the inconvenient memory of one old e woman, who declared she heard her grand father say, that when the "stranger guest" was poisoned, though all the reEt of his clothes h were there, his breeches, the suppesed reposi torn of the supposed documents, could never \- be found. The master of Tapton Everard smiled when he heard Dame Jones's hint of d deeds which might impeach the validity of his own title in favour of some unknown deocend ant of some unknown heir: and the stery was " rarely alluded to, sare by one or two miracle Smoneirs, who had heard that others had seen the ghbcat of old Sir Giles. in his night-cap, issue from the postern, enter the adjoining cpee, and wring his shadowy hands in agony, as he seemed to search vainly fir something hidden amongst the evergreens. The stranger's deatli-room had, of course, been occasionally haunted from the time of his decease; but the periods of visitation had latterly become very rare-even Mrs. Botherby, the house keeper, being forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the manor, she had never " met with anything worse than herself ; " though, o as the old lady afterwards added upon more mature reflection, "1 must say I think I saow t the devil once." Such was the legend attached to Tapton Everard, and such the story which the lively i Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial cousin Charles Seaforth, lieutenant in the lion. East India Company's second regiment of Bombay Fenciblee, as arm-in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with some dozen grim-looking anceatral portraits, and, among tbhers, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. The gallant commander had that very morning paid his first visit to the house of his maternal uncle, after an absence of s-veral years paseed with his regiment on the arid plains of Hindostan, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He had gone out a boy-he returned a man; but the impreseion made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he sought the home of his widowed mother--comforting himself in this breach of filial decorum by the reflection that, as the a manor was so little out of his way, it would be unkind to pass, as it were, the door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few hours. But he found his uncle as hospitable, and his cousin more charming than ever; and the looks of one, and the requ-sts of the other, soon prec!uded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the "few hours" into a few days, though the house was at the moment full of visitors. The Peterses were there from Ram=gate ; and Mr., Mrc., and the two Miss Simpkinsons, i from Bath, had come to pass a month with the family; and Tom Ingoldsby had brought down his college friend the Honourable Augustus Sucklethumbkin, with his groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting. I And then there was Mrs. Ogleton, the rich young widow, with her large black eyes, who, people did say, wa- setting her cap at the young squire, th ugh airs. Botherbhy did not believe it; and, above all, there was Made. moiselle Pauline, her femme de clambre, who "mon Dicd " eerything and everybody, and cried " Qu ItorrCeur!" ? t Mrs. Botherby's cap. In short, to use the last.named and much. respected lady's own expression, the house was "choke.full" to the very attics -all save the "'oaken chamber," which, as thc lieutenant expressed a most magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwith appropriated to his particular accommodation. Mr. Maguire mean. I while was fain to share the apartment of Oliver Dobbs, the Equire'a own man : a jocular pro posal of joint occupancy having been first in. 1 dignantly rejected by " Mademoiselle," though preferred with the "laste taste in life" of Mr. I Blarney's most insinuating brogue. "Come, Charles, the urn is absolutely get. I ting colt ; your breakfast w ill be qiteta spoiled; t what can havemade you so idle ? " Such was the morning salutation of Miss Ingoldsby to '2 the militaire as he entered the breakfast-zoom m half-an-hour after the latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, ti make an F appointment with," chimed in Miss Frances. a " What is to become of our ramble to the rocks before breakfast h" i "Oh! the young men never think of keep- a ing a promise now," said Mrs. Peters, a little I ferret-faced woman with underdone eyes. "When I was a young man," said MIr. SPters, "I remember I always made a point of---" " Pray how long ago was that ?" asked Mr. c Simphinson from Bath. "Why, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I I was-let me see-I was- " "Do pray hold your tongue, P., and eat your breakfast !" interrupted his better half, I w ho had a mortal horror of chronological re- I Sferences ; "it's very rude to tease people with t your family affairs." | The lieutenant had by this time taken his t seat in silence-a good-humoured nod, and a I glance, hIlf-smiliong, half-inquisitive, being the extent of his salutation. Smitten as he was, and in the immediate presence of her who had made Eo large a hole in his heart, his manner I1 wase evidently distrait, which the fair Caroline f, in her secret a ul attriboted to his being solely arccupied by her oagrimcns: how would she s have bridled had she known that they only shared his meditations with a pair of breeches)! Charles drank his coffee end spiked some i half- dozen eggs, darting oecasionally a .ene- ( trating glance at the ladies, in hople of drtect ing the supposed waggery by the evidence of I Ssome furtive smile or conscious look. But in vain; not a dimple moved indicative to a roguery, nor did the olightest elevation of eye. brow rise confirmative of his suspicionse. - Hints and insinuations passed unheeded-? more particular inquiries were out of the I1 question :--the subject was unapproachable. i In the meantime, "patent cords" were just the thing for a morning's ride; and, breakfast i ended, away cantered the party over the c downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the Sbeauties, animate and inanimate, which sur- e rounded him. Lieutenant Seaforth, of the Bombay Fencibles, besotwed no more thought upon his breeches than if he had been born on a the top of Ben Lomond. 1 Another night had pasoed away; the sun rose brilliantly, forming with his lerel beams I a splendid rainbow in the far-oft weast, whither the heavy cloud, which for the last two hours 1 had bern pouring its waters on the earth, was Snow flying before him. "Ah ! then, and it's little good it'll be the eloning of ye," apostroahised Mr. Barney Maguire, as he deposited, in front of hist master's toilet, a pair of " bran-new" jockeyt boots, one of Hoby's primest fits, which the c lieutenant had purchased in his way through t town. On that very morning had they come for the first time under the valet's depurating hand, so little asoiled, indeed, from the turfy ride of the preceding day, that a less scrupu lous domestic might, perhap.s, have considered I the application of "Warren's Mlatchlress," or e onalic acid, altogether superfluous. Hot so a Barney: with the nicest care had be removed t the slightest impurity from each polished t surfacer, and there they stood, rejoicing in a their sable radianee. hNo wonder a pang shot t across Mr. Maguire's breast, as he thought on a the worknow cutoutfor them, so differentfrom the light labours of the day before; no wonder I he murmured with a sigh,o as the scarce dried b window-panes disclosed a road now inch- deep in mud. "Ah! then, it's little good the i claning of ye ! "-foa well had he learned in the a hall below that eight miles of a stiff clay soil lay between the manor and Bolsover Abbey, I whose picturesque ruins, "Lise andent rtome, malestic In demay3~, the party had determined to explore. The t master had already commenced dreassing, and the man was fitting straps upon a light pair of crane-necked spurs, when his hand wast arrested by the old question - "Barney, I where are the breeches !" They were nowhere to be found I Mlr. Seaforth descended that morning, whip in hand, and equipped in a handsome green a riding-frock, but no "breeches and boots to ( match" were there: loose jean tnmusers, sur- t mounting a pair of diminutive Wellingtons, a embraced, somewhat incongruously, his nether a man, rnice the "patent cords," returned, like yesterday's pantloons, absent without leave. ti The "top-boots" had a holiday. "A fine morning after the rain," said Mr. e Simpkinson from Bath. p .r- "Just the thing for the 'ops," said Mr. we Peters. "I remember when I was a boy- " in "Do hold your tongue, P.," said Mrs. of Peters-ndvice which that exemplary matron ag was in the constant habit of administering to il. "her P.," as she called him, whenever be ce prepared to vent his reminiscence-. Her te precise reason for this it would be difficult to es determine, unless, indeed, the story be true -s which a little bird had whispered into Mrs. ak Botherba's ear--1r. Peters, though now a m wealthy man, had received a liberal education :e, at a charity school, and was apt to recur to be the days of his muffin-cap and leathers. As usual, he took his wife's hint in good part, in and "paused in his reply." be "A glorious day for the ruins," said young ad Ingoldaby. " But Charles, what the deuce er are you about? tou don't mean to ride Id through our lanes in such togory as that ? " \- " Lassy me " said Miss Julia Simpkinson, " won't yon be very wet ? " es " Youhad better take Tom's cab," quoth .i. the squire. er But this proposition was at once overritlel d Mrs. Ogleton had already nailed the cab, a of vehicle of all others the best alapted for a is snug flirtation. I. "Or drive Miss Julia in the phaeton I" ss ?o; that was the post of Mr. "Peters, who, e" indifferent as an equestrian, hadb acquired some n fame as a whip while travelling through the p, midland counties for the firm of BIgshase, g Snivelby, and Ghrimes. "Thrank you, I shall ride with my cous:ns," mi said Ch:rles, with as much nonchalance as he a could assume-and he didso; Mr. Ingold-by, y Mrs. Peters, Mr. Simpkinson from Bath, and it his eldest daughter with her album, following te in the family coach. The gentleman-com moner "votrd the affair d-d slow," and "r declined the party altogether in favour of the t amekoeeper and a cigar. "There was 'no , fan ' in looking at all houses !" Mrs. Simp. e kioson preferred a short srjour it the still. w room with -ers. Botherby, who had promised to initiate her in that grand arcanaum, the s transmutation of gooseberry jam into Guava y jelly. y - it "Did yu ever see an old abbey before, Mr. d Peters?" n "Yes, mirs, a French one; we have got one .e at Ramsgate; he teaches the Miss Joneses to 1, parley-eoo, and is turned of sixty." ir Mi=s Simpkinson closed her album with an t air of ineffable disdain. e Yr. Simpkinson from Bath was a professed f antiquary, and one of the first water; he was ie master of Gwillim's Heraldry, and Mills's m History of the Crusades ; kn.ew every plate in d the Monasticon; had written an esoay on the ie origin and dignity of the office of overseer, y and settled the date of a Queen Anne's far I, thing. An influential member of the Anti n quarian Society, to whose "Beauties of d Bagnigge Wells" he had been a liberal sub if scriber, procured him a seat at the board of e that learned body, since which happy epoch d Sylvanus Urban had not a more indefatigable is correspondent. His inaugural essay on the s President's cocked hat was considered a miracle of erudition; and his account of the d earliest application of gilding to gingerbread, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His , eldest daughter was of a kindred spirit: if her a father's mantle had not fallen upon her, it was 3, only because he had not thrown it off himself; if she had caught hold of its tail, however, while it yet hung upon his honoured shoulders. To soulh so congenial, what a sight was the magnificent ruin of Bolsover ! its broken arches, -its mouldering pinnacles, and the t airy tracery of its half-demolished windows. The party were in raptures; .Mr. Simpkinason began to meditate an essay, and his daughter an ode; even Seaforth, as he gazed on these h lonely relics of the olden time, was betrayed into a momentary forgetfulnessof his love and elos- es; the widow's eye-glass turned from her t cicisbco's whiskers to the mantling ivy ; Mrs. Peters wipelld her spectacles ; and "her P." supposed the central tower" had once been I the county jail." The squire was a philoso pher, and had been there often before, so he ordered out the cold tongue and chickens. S"Bolsover Priory," said Mr. Simpkinson, Swith the air of a conuoisseur-" Bolsover Priory was founded in the reign of Henry the f Sixth, about the beginning of the eleventh a century. Hugh de Bolaover had accompanied that monarch to the Holy Land, in the expe r dition undertaken by way of penance for the \- murder of his you g nephews in the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the a veteran was enfeoffed in the lands and manor, to which he gave his own name of Bowlsover, or Bee-owls-over (by corruption Bolsover)-a Iee in chief, over three Gawls. all proper, being the armorial ensigns borne by this distinguished c; ruadr at the siege at Acre." "Ah ! that was Sir Sydney Smith," said a Mr. Peters; "I've heard tell of him, and all I about Mrs. Partington, and- " " P. be quiet, and don't expose yourself ! " sharply interrupted his lady. P. was silenced, and betook himself to the bottled stout. "These lands," continued the antiquary, I "were held in grand serjeantry by the pre sentation of three white owls and a pot of honey- ' " Lassy me ! how nice ! " said Miss Julia. 3Mr. Peters licked his lips. "Pray give me leave, my dear--owls and 4 honey, whenever the king should come a rat catching into this part of the country." "Rtt-catching ! " ejaculated the squire, 1 [ pausing abruptly in the mastication of a drumstick. "To be sure, my dear sir: don't you re. ( member that rats once cane under the forest laws-a minor species of venison ? ' Rats and mice, and such small deer,' eh ?-Shakspeare, you know. Our ancestors ate rats :" ("The nasty fellows !" shuddered Miss Julil, in a parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital mousers--" "I've seen a howl," said LMr. Peters "there's one in the Sohological Gardens,-a little hook-nosed chap in a wig--only its feathers and- " Poor P. was destined never to finish a speech. " Do be quiet! " cried the authoritative voice; and the would-be naturalist shrank into his shell like a snail in the "Solhological Garnld_." " You should read Blount'a ' Jocular Tenures,' Mr. Ingoldsby," pursued Simpkin- I son. "A learned man was Blount ! Why, sir, His Royal Highness the Duke of York once paid a silver horse-shoe to Lord Ferers "I've heard of him," broke in the incarrigi-. ble Peters; "he was hanged at the Old Bailey in a silk rope for shooting Dr. Johnson." The antiquary vouchsafed no notice of the interruption; but, t.king a pinch of anuff. contiuued his barangue. "A silver horse-shoe, sir, which is due from every scion of royalty who rides across one of his manors; and, if you look into the penny I county histories, now publishing by an emi tent friend of mine, you will find that Long hale, in Co. Nort, was held by one Baldwin per saltum, suffatlm, et peltum; that is, he I was to come every Christmas into Westminster Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem I and--" " "r. Simpkinson, a glaue of sherry I" cried Tom Ingoldsby, hastily. "Not any, thank you,a sir. This Baldwin, surnamed Le---" " Mrs. Ogletan challedigea you, sir; she in -ists upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at 1 Sthe same time filling a glass, and forcing it on the sCarant, who, thus arrested in the very crisis of his narrative, received and swallowed Sthe potation as if it had been physic. " What on earth has Miss Simpkinson disa covered thereI " continued Tom : "eaomething i of interest. See how fast she is writing." 1 The diversion was effectual; every onet Sloohked towards Miss Simpkinson, who, far too 1 ethereal for "creatnre comforts," was seated I Sapart on the dilapidated remains of an altar. tomb, committing eagerly to paper something I I that had strongly impressed her; the air-the Seye in a fine frenzy rolling, all betokened that thedivine a~laturs wcac me. Her father rose, a and stole silently towards her. "What an old boa I" muttered youngr \- Ingoldaby; alluding, perhaps, to a slie of Sbrawn which he had just begun to operate I Supon, but which, from the celerity with which a it disappeared, did not seem so very difficult 5 of mastication. S But what had become of Seaforth and his I Sfair Caroline all this while I .Why, it so hap pened that they had been simultaneously stricken with the picturesque appearance of one of those high and pointed arches, which I that eminent antiquary, Mr. Horseley Curties, I has described in his "Anient Records," as "ra Golkie window of the Saxon order:" and then the ivy clustered so thickly and so beauti. Sfully on the other side, that they went round to look at that; and then their proximity de prived it of half its effect, and so they walked I across to a little knoll, a hundred yards off, and in erasaing a small ravine, they came toi a what in Ireland they call "a bad step," and Charles had to carry his cousin over ic; and then when they had to come back, she would I not give him the trouble again for the world, so they followed a better but more Oircuitous i route, and there were hedges and ditches in the way, and stiles to get over, and gates to i get through, so thatan hour or ,more had elapseed before they were able to rejoin the party. e . "Lassy me " said Miss Julia Simpkinso, "how long you have ben gone i " . And so they had. The remark was a very n just as well as a very natural one. They were a gne a long while, and a nice cosy chat they e ha11; and what do you think it was all about, r my dlear miss ? S "0. lassy me! love, no doubt, and he e moon, and eves, and niglting ies, and- " S. Stay, stay, my sweet young lady, do not let a the ferrour of your feeliegs run away with STou t I do not pretend to eaT, indeed, that o one or more of these pretty ulbjecta might s not hare been introduced; but the most im :portant and leading topic of the conference was-Lieutenant Seaforth's breeches. "Caroline," said Charles, "I hare had some e very odd dreams since I have been at Tap epington." " Dreams, have you " smiled the young lady, arching her taper neck like a swan iu I pluming. "Dreame, haveyou ?" a "Ay, dreams,-or dream, perhaps, I should Fay; for, though repeated, it was still the ;same. And what do you imagine was its a subject? " a "It is impossible for me to divine," saiM the tongue ;-" I hare not the least difficulty in guessing," said the eye, as plainly as ever eye spoke. " I dreamt of-ynur great randfa.ther " There was a change in the glance-" My gre-t grandfather " " Yes, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, yon 'tod me about the other day: he walked a into my bedroom in hia short cloak of murrey. colourtsd velvet, his long rapier, and his 1 Raleigh-looking hat and feather, just as the Spicture represents him; but with one excep tion." " And what was that ? " e" Why, his lower extremitiea. which were a visible, were those of a skeleton." "Well " "Well, after taking a turn or two about I the room, and looking round with a wistful e air, he came to the bed's foot, stared at me in a a manner impossible to describe,-and then he-he laid hold of my pantaloons; whipped his long bony legs into them in a twinkling; and strutting up to the glass, seemed to view himself in it with great complacency. I tried eto speak, but in vain. The eff rt, however o seemed to excite his attention; for wheeling about, he showed me the grimmest-looking a death's head you can well imagine, and with an indescribable grin strutted out of the i room." a " Absurd! Charles. How can you talk a such nonsense " 1' But, Caroline,-the breeches are really e gone." On the following morning, contrary to his usual custom, Seaforth was the first person f in the breakfast-parlour. As no one else was Spresent, he did precisely what nine young f men out of ten so situated would have done; 1 he walked up to the mantel-piece, established a himself upon the rug, and subducting his coat t tails one under each arm. turned towards the a fire that Portion of the human frame which a it is considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A serious, not to say anxious, expression was visible upon his r good- humoured countenance, and his mouth a was fast buttoning itself up for an incipient ; whistle, when little Flo, a tiny spaniel of the SBlenheim breed,-the pet object of Miss 3 Julia Simpkinson's affections,-bounced out a from beneath a sofa, and began to bark at l his pantaloons. They were cleverly " built," of a light grey mixture, a broad stripe of the most vivid i scarlet traversing each seam in a perpendicular r direction, from hip to ankle-in short, the a regimental costume of the Royal Bombay I Fenciiles The animal, educated in the I country, had never seen such pair of breeches r in her life- Omne ignolum pro magnifico l The scarlet streak, ihflamed as it was by the reflection of the fire, seemed to act on Flora's nerves as the same colour does on those of bulls and turkeys: she advanced at the pas Sde charge, and her vociferation, like her amazement, was unbounded. A sound kick ,from the disgusted officer changed it charac r ter, and induced a retreat at the very moment Swhen the mistress of the pugnacious quadrn i ped entered to the rescue. I "Lassy me! Flo, what is the matter?" cried the sympathizing lady, with a scrutiniz ing glance levelled at the gentleman It might as well hare lighted on a feather. bed. His air of imperturbable unconscious ness defied examination ; and as he would not, and Flora could not, expound, that injured Sindividual was compelled to pocket up her Swrongs. Othersof thehousehold soon dropped Sin, and clustered round the board dedicated to the most soclable of meals; the urn was Sparaded " hissing hot," and the cups which " cheer, but not inebriate." steamed redolent of hyson and pekoe: muffius and marmalade, newspapers and Finnon haddies, left ittle room for observation on the character of Charlet'a warlike " turn-out." At length a look from Caroline, followed by a smile that nearly ripened to a titter, caused him to turn abruptly and address his neighbonr. It was Miss Simikinson, who, deeply engaged in sip ping her tea and turning over her album, seemed, like a female Chrononotonthologos, "immersed in cogibnudity of cogitation." An interrogatory ni the subject of her studies drew from her the confession that she was at that moment employed in putting the fanish ing touches to a poem inspired by the romantic shades of Bolsover. The entreaties of the company were of course urgent. Mr. Peters, who "liked verses," was especially persevering, Iand Sappho at length compliant. After a pre paratory hem ! and a glance at the mirror to ascertain that her look was sufficiently senti mental, the poetess began : " ere is a calm, a holy fccnllg, Vullgar minds ant nover know. O'er the bosom lsotly stealing,- Chasten'd grief, dlicious woo I Oh t how sweet at eve regaimning Yont lone tower's sequester'd hade- Sadly mute and uncomplauining-" -Yow !-yeouigh !-yeough !--yow !-yow yelled halpless sulfferer from beneath the I table. It wai an unlucky hour for quadrupeds; ' and if "every dog will have his day," he could I not hare selected a more unlropitious one Sthan this. MIrs. Ogleton, toe, had a pet-a favourite pug- whose squab figure, black t muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, that curled like a head of celery in a salad-bowl, bespoke his 1 Dutch extraction. Yowr! yow! yow ! con tinued the bruteo-a chorus in which Flo instantly joined. Sooth to say, pug had more reason to express his dissatisfaction than was given him by the muse of Simpkinson ; the i otheronly barked for compsny. Scarcely had the poetess got through her first stanza, when Tom Ingoldsby, in the enthusiasm of the mo- I ment, became so lost to the maiterial world, I that. in his abstraction, he unwarily laid his 1 hand on the cock of the urn. Quivering with ' emotion, he gave it such an unlucky twist, that the full stresm of its scalding contents descended on the gingerbread hide of the unlucky Cupid. The confusion was complete; I thie whole economy of the table disarranged-. the company broke up in most admired dis order-and " vulgar minds will never know" I anything more of Miss Simpkinson's ode till ! they peruse it in some forthcoming Annual. reaeforth profiled by the confusion to take < the deliuquent who had atused this "stramash" by the arm, and to lead him to the lawn, I where he had a word or two for his private ' ear. The conference between the young gentlemen was neither brief in its duration t nor unimportant in its result. The subject I was what the lawyers call tripartite, embracing the information that Charles Setforth was over head and ears in love with Tom Ingoldsly'sa sister; secondly, that the lady had referred him to " papa" for his sanction; thirdly and lastly, his nightly visitations and conse- 1 quent bereavement. At the two first items t Tom smiled aaspiceouely-at the last he burst out into an absolute " guffaw." "Steal your breeches! Mliss Bailey over ( again, by Jove!" shouted Ingoldsby. "But ( a gentleman, you say- and Sir Giles too. I am not sure, Charles, whether I ought not to ' call yoa out for aspersing the honour of the family." " Laugh an you will, Tom-be as incredul one as you please. One fact is incontestable- t the breeches are gone ! Look here - I am ' reduced to my regimentals; and if these go to-morrow I must borrow of you !" Rochfoucault says, there is something in the s misfortunes of our very best friends that does not displease us; certainly we can, most of us, laugh at their petty inconvenience, till called upon to supply them. Tom com poesed his features on the instant; and replied with more gravity, as well as with an expreas. sion, which, if my Lord Mayor had been a within hearing, might have cost him five i shillings. " There is aometlhing very queer in this, c alter all. The clothes, you say, have posai- t tively disappeared. Somebody is playing you a trick; and, ten to one, your servant has a hand in it. By the way, I heard some. thing yesterday of his kicking up a bobbery in I the kitchen, and seeing a ghost, or something of that kind, himself. Depend upon it, Barney I is iu the plot." It struck the lieutenant at onde that the usually budyant spirits of his attendant had . of late been materially sobered down, his Ati loquacity obriausly circumscribed, and that he. the said lieutenant, had actually rung his bell three Eeveral times that very morning before he could procure his attendance. Mr. Msagnire was forthwith summoned, and under rwent a close examination. The "bobbery" was easily explained. Mr. Oliver Dobbs hal hinted his disapprobation of a flirtation carry ing on between the gentleman from Moonster and the Lady from the Rue St. llonord. Mademoiselle boxed Mr. Maguire's ear., and Mr. Macnire pulled Mademoiselle upon his knee, and the lady did not cry Mon Dieu / And Mr. Oliver Dobbs said it was very wrong ; end Mrs. Botherby said it was scandaloue, and what ought not to be done in any moral kitchen ; and fMr. Magnire had got hold of the HIonourable Augustus Sucklethumbkin's pow der-flask, and had put large pinches of the best double Dartford into 3Mr. Dobbs's tobacco box; andM3r. Dobbs's pipe bad exploded, and set fire to Mrs. Botherby's Sunday cap; and Mr. Maguire had put it out with the slop iharin, 'barring the wig;" and then they were all so "' etankerous," that Barner had gone to take a walk in the garden : and then -then MIr. Berney had seen a ghost ! '' A what ? you blockhead !" asked Tom Ingolhlsby. " Sure, then, and it's meself will tell your honour the rights of it." said the ghost- seer. " 3Mself and Mi-e Pauline, sir,-or Mlies Pauline and mesalf, for the ladies cuie first any how,-we got tired of the hohltrsapylus ekrimmaging among the (mld servants, that didn't know a joke when they seen one: anud we went out to look at the comet,-that's the Rory Bary'alehouse, they calls him in this country-and aye walked upon the lawu, and divel of any alehouse there was there at all; and Miss P.uline said it was becase of the shrubbery may be, and why wouldn't we see it better beyonst the trets ? anti so we went to the trees, but sorrow a comet did meself see there, barring a big ghost instead of it." " A ghost? And what sort of a ghost, Barney ? " " 0ch, then, direl a lie I'll tell your honour. A tall ould gentleman he was, all in white, with a shovel on his shoulder, and a big torch in his fist,-though what he wanted with that it's meself can't tell, for his eyes were like gia-lamps, let alone the moon and the comet. which wasn't there at all: and ' Barney,' says he to me,-'cause why he knew me,- ' Barney,' says he, ' what is it your'e doing with the colleen there, Barney ? '-Divel a word did I say. Miss Pauline screeched, and cried murther in French, and ran onf with herself; and of course meself was in a mighty hurry after the lady, and had no time to stop palavering with him any way: so I dispersed at once, and the ghost vanished in a flame of fire!" Mr. Maguire's account was received with avowed incredulity by both gentlemen; but Barney stuck to his text with unflinching pertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was suggested, but abandoned, as neither party had a taste for delicate investigations. "I'll tell you what, Seaforth," said Ingolds by after Birney had received his dismissal, " that there is at trick here, is evident ; and Barney' vision may possibly be a part of it. Whether hbe is most knave or fool, you best know. At all events, I will sit up with you to-night, and see if I can convert my naiottor into a visiting acquaintance. Meanwhile, your finger on your lip ! " "'Twas now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, and graves give up their Gladly would I grace my tale with decent horror, and therefore I do beseech the " grntle reader" to believe, that if all the succedanca to this mysterious narrative are not in strict keeping, lie will ascribo it only to the dis graceful innovations of modern degeneracy upon the sober and dignified habits of our ancestors. I can introduce him, it is true, into an old and high-roofed chamber, its walls covered on three sides with black oak wains coting, adorned with carvings of fruit and flowers long anterior to those of Grinling Gibbons; the fourth side is clothed with a curious remnant of dingy tapestry, once elu cidatory of some Scriptural hi.tory, but of swhick not even Mrs. Botherby could determine. Mr. Simpkinson, who had examined it care. fully, inclined to believe the principal figure to be either Bathsheba, or Daniel in the lions' den; while Tom Ingoldnby decided in favour of the king of Bashan. All, however, was conjecture, tradition being silent on the sub ject. A lofty arched portal led into, and a little arched portal led out of, this apartment; they were opposite each other, and both pos sessed the security of massy bolts on the intericr. The bedstead, too, was not one of yesterday, but manifestly coeval with days ere Seddons was, and when a good four-post " article ' was deemed worthy of being a royal bequest. The bed itself, with all the tppurte. nances of pallasse, mattresses, &c.;, was of far later date, and looked most incongruously comfortable ; the casements, too, with their little diamond- shaped panes and iron binding, had given way to the modern heterodoxy of the sash.window. Nor was this all that con. spired to ruin the costume, and render the room a meet haunt for such " mixed spirits " only as could condescend to don at the same time an Elizabethan doublet and Bond-street inexpressibles. With their green morocco slippers on n modern fender, in front of a disgracefully modern grate, sat two young gentlemen, clad in "shawl-pattern " dressing-gowns and black silk stocks, much at variance with the high cane- backed chairs which supported them. A bunch of abomination, called a cigar, reeked in the left-hand corner of the mouth of one, and in the tight-hand corner of the mouth of the other-an arrangement happily adapted for the escape of the noxious fumes up the chimney, without that unmerciful " funking" each other, which a less scientific disposition would have induced. A small pembrokoe table filled up the intervening space between them, sustaining, at each extremity, an elbow and a glass of toddy : and thus in "lonely pensive contemplatiou" were the two worthies occu pied, when the "iron tongue of midnight had tolled twelve." "Ghost time's come!" said Ingoldsby, taking from his waistcoat pocket a watch like a gold half-crown, and consulting it as though he suspected the turret.clock over the stables of mendacitv. "Hush! " said Charles; "did I not hear a footstep i" There was a pause-there weas a footstep it sounded distinctly-it reached the door it hesitated, stopped, and passed on. Tom darted across the room, threw open the dloor, and became aware of Mrs. Botherbv toddling to her chamber at the other end of the gallery, after dosing one of the house maids with an approved julep from the Countess of Kent's "Choice Manual.' "Good-night, sir ! " said Mrs. Botherby. " Go to the d-l !i" said the disappointed ghost.hunter. An hour-two-rolled on, and still no spectral visitation ; nor did aught intervene to make night hideous; and when the turret clock sounnded at length the hour of three, Ingoldsby, whose patience and grog were alike exhantatod, sprang from his chair, saying, "This is all infernal nonsense, my good fellow. Deuce of any ghost shall we see to. night; it's long past the canonical hour. I'm offil to bed; bud as to your breeches, I'll insure them for twenty.-four hours at least, at the price of the buckram." "Certainly. Oh ! thank''e-to be sure !" stammered Charles, sousisg himself from a reverie, which had degenerated into an abso. lute snooze. " Good-night, my boy I Bolt the door be. hind me; nod defy the Pope, the Devil, and the Pretender !" Seaforth followed his friend's advice, and the next morning came down to breakfast dressed in the habiliments of the preceding day. The charm was broken, the demon defeated; the light greys with the red stripe down the seams were yet its reruaa solattd, and adorned the person of their lswful pro. prietor. Tom felicitated himself and his partner of the watch on the result of their vigilance; but there is a rustile adage, which warns us against self-gratulatiion before we are quite "out of the wood." Seaforth was yet within its verge. A rap at Tom Ingoaldeby's door the next morning startled him as he was shaving-he cut his chin. " Come in, and be d-d to you I" said the martyr, pressing his thumb on tile wounded epidermis.. The door opendd, and exhibited Mr. Barney Maguire. "Well, Barney, what is it I quoth the sufferer, adopting the vernacular of his ovisi taut. "The master, sir-" " WrVell, what does he want t" "The loanst of a breeches, plase your hononr." " Why you don't mean to tell me-By Heaven, this is too good I" shoated Tom, bursting into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. " Why, Barney, you don't mean to say the ghost has got them again ?)" r, MaYguire did not reapond to the yiuig t squire's risibility; the cast of his countenance a was decidedly seriouq. "Faithtl, ohn, it's cone they are, olIve enough I Hasn't ,n?.elf been looking over the bed. and under the bed, and in the bed, for the matter of that, and divel a lir'p'ortlh of breeches is there to the fore at all :-I'm b.tllred entirely !" ".l?hrk'e l Mr. Barney." said Tom, incau tislsly remnaing his rhumb, and letting a crimson stream 'incarnadine multitldinous " lather that plasteredl his throat-" this may be all very well with your master, but you don't humbug me. air :-tell me instantly what have yot dot neith the clothes ?"I This abrupt tnmition fromn "lively to severe" certainly took Maguire by surprise, and lie seemed for no instant as much discon certed as it is possible to disconcert an Irish gentleman's gentlatnan. "Me l is it mnelf, then. tlhant' the ghost to your lhonsur's thinking ?" said he after a momenot's pause, atnd with a slight shade of iinlgnation in his tones : "is it I woulsd stale the master's things-and what would I do with them 1" "That you beat know :-what your purpose is I can't guess, for I don't think you mean to 'stale' them, as ysou call it; but that you are cnncerned in their disoppearance, I am eatis fled. Confound this blood !-give me a towel, Barney." iagsilire acquitted himself of the commie. sion. " As I've ai sl, your honour," said he, solemnly, "little it is meself knows of the mallter: and after what I seen- " " What you'e seen I Wlhy, what Aare yon seen ?-Barney, I don't want tn inquire into your flirtatious ; but don't suppose you can palm off your saucer eyes and giglamps upon me !" "Then, as sure as your honour's standing there, I saw him : and why wouldn't I, when Miss Pauline was to the fore as well as meself, and-" "Get along with your nonsense-leave the room, sir ! " " But the master ?" said Barney, implor ingly; "nod without a breeches ?-sure he'll be catching cowld ?-" "Take that, rascal !" replied Ingoldsby, throwing a pair of pantaloons at, rather than to, him; "but don't suppose, sir, you shall carry on your tricks here with impunity; recollect there is such a thing as a treadmill, and that my father is s county magistrate." Barney's eye flashed fire-he stood erect, and was about to speak; but, mastering him. self. not without an effort, he took up the garment, and left the room as perpendicular as a Quaker. "Ingoldhby." said Charles Seafortb, after breakfast, "this is now past a joke; to day is the last of my stay ; for, notwithstanding the ties which detain me, common decency obliges me to visit home after so long an absence. I shall come to an immediate explanation with your father on the subject nearest my heart, and depart while I have a change of dress left. On his answer will my return depend I In the meantime tell me canrlidly-I ask it in all seriousness, and as a friend--m I not a dupe to your well-known propensity to hoaxing I Have you not a hand in-" "No, by Heaven, Seaforth ; I see what you mean: on my honour, I am as much mystified as yourself ; and if your servant- " "Not he :-if there be a trick, he at lesat is not ptivy to it." " If there be a trick ! why, Charles, do you think-" " I know not rwhat to think, Tom. As surely as you are a living man, so surely did that spectral anatomy visit my room again last night, grin in my face, and walk away with my trousers ; nor was I able to spring from moy bed, or break the chain which seemed to bind me to my pillow." " Seaforth," said Ingoldsby, after a short pause, " I will- But hush I here are the girls and my father.-I will carry off the females, and leave you a clear field with the Governor : carry your point with him, and we will talk about your breeches afterwards." Tom's diversion was successful; he carried off the ladies en masse to look at a remarkable specimen of the class Dodccandria Monogynia -which they could not find-while Seaforth marched boldly up to the encounter, and carried "the Governor's" outworks by a coup de main. I shall not stop to describe the pro gress of the attack ; suffice it that it was as successful as could have been wished, and that Seaforth was referred back again to the lady. The happy lover was off at a tangent; the botanical party was soon overtaken : and the arm of Caroline, whom a vain endeavour to spell out the Linnman name of a daffy-down. dilly had detained a little in the rear aof the others, was soon firmly locked in his own. "what was the world to them Its noise, its noesonse, and its ' breeches' all? 1 Seaforth was in the seventh heaven ; he retired to his room that night as happy as if no such thing as a goblin had ever been heard of. and personal chattels were as well fenced in by law r as real property. Not so Tom Ingoldeby: the mystery-for mystery there evidently was had not only piqued his curiosity, but ruffled his temper. The watch of the previous night had been unsuccessful, probably because it was undisguited. To.night he would "ensconce himself "--not indeed "behind the arras" for the little that remained was, as we have seen, nailed to the wall-but in a small closet which opened from one corner of the room, and by leaving the door ajar, would give its occupant a view of all that might pass in the apartment. Here did the young ghost-hunter take up a position, with a good stout sapling under his arm, a full half-hour before Seaforth retired for the night. Not even his friend did he let into his confidence, fully determined that if his plan lid not succeed, the failure should be attributed to himself alone. At the usual hour of separation for the night, Tom saw, from his concealment, the lieutenant enter his room, and after taking a few turns in it, with an expression so joyous as to betoken that his thoughts were mainly occupied by his approaching happiness, proceed slowly to disrobe himself. The coat, the waist coat, the black silk stock, were gradually dis carded; the green morocco slippers were kicked off, and then-ny, and then-his coun tenance grew grave; it seemed to occur to him all at once that this was his last stake-nay, that the very breeches he had on were not hi. own-that tomorrow morning was his last, and that if he lost them-. A glance showed that blis mind was made up; he replced the single button he had just subdusted, and threw himself upon the bed in a state of transition half chrysalis, half grub. Wearily did Tom Ingoldsby watch the sleeper by the flickering light of the nigiht lamp, till thei clock striking one, induced him to increase the narrow opening which hie had left for the purpose of observation. The motion, slight as it Was, seemed to ettrnet Charles's atteution; for he raised himself suddenly to a sitting posture, listened for a moment, and then stood upright upon the floor. Ingoldsby was on the point of dis covering himself, when, the light flishing full upon his friend's countenance, he perceived that, though Ihis eyes were open, "L their sense wais shut "--that he was yet under the infu ence of sleep. Seaforth advanced slowly to the toilet, lit hie candle at the lamp that stood on it, then, going back to the bed's foot, ap peared to search eagerly for something which ite could not find. For a few moments bre seemed restlesd and uneasy, walking round tihe apartment and examining the chairs, till, coming fully in front of a large swing-glasa lthat flanked the dressing.table, he paused as if contemplating his figure in it. He now re turned towards the bed, put on his slippers, and, with cautious and stealthy steps pro. ceeded towards the little arched doorway that opened on the private staircas. As he drew the bolt, Tom Ingoldsby emerged from his hiding-plse ; but tis sleep.walkvr heard him not; he proceeded softly downsetirs5 fuilowed at a due distance by his frinnd opened the door which led out upon the nr dens, nd stood at oce among the thickest oef thu shrubsv which there clustered round the baseof a orner turret, and screened the postern from cosmmon obsaerovatio. At this moment Ingoldsby had nearly spoiled all by making a false step: the asound attracted Sea. forth's attention--he pused andturned and, as the full moun shed her light directly upon his pale and troubled featurer, Tum marked, almsst with dismay, the fixed and rayless appearance of his eyca : " Th srea an n e'lmat!on Ce those orba That he did gle witha.L" Ths perfeet stillness preserved hy his follower seemed tn reassure him;hesturned ide and from the midst of a thiekset laurostinus draw fnuth a gardener's spade, shouldering which he proceeded with greater rapidity into the midst S~, Arr. aryved at a certain paint whera the earth seemed to have been rec.." y ditarbed, hes ut himself heartily to the ta? ef digging, till, haniog thrown uop sverel shovelfuls of mouldb ho stopped flung dew his tool, and very oCm eOstedlp fug - se- u cumber bimself uhs pantaloons, h Up to this moment Tom had watched hlim with a wary eye: he nowadvaneed cautiously. and, as his friend hwa bunily ensned iut diul e-tang-hng himself from has garment, Lade himself master of the spade. 'eaforth mean. while, had accomplished his purpose: he stood for a moment with ,, Ills streamers waving in the wind," occupied in cirefully roiling up the smull clothes into as ompact a formt as possible, and oall heedless of the breath of heaven, which might certainly be asupoaed at obuch a moment, and in'such a plight, to visit his frame torai roughly." He was in the act of stooping low to deposit ithe palltloons in the grave whihob he had been digging for them, when Tom Ingoldahy came elose behind him, and with tae flit of the spade The shock was effectual; never again was Lieutenant Seaforth known to act the part of a somnambulist. One by one, his breeches- his trousers-his pantaloons-his silk-net tights -his patent cords, and his showy greys with the broad red stripe of the Bomboy Fencibles were brought to light, rescued from the grave in which tlry had been buried, like the strrta of a Christmas pie ; and, after having been well aired by Mrt . Brotherby, became once again effective. The family, the ladies, especially, nlthed S-iBtriey 3It-glire cried " Butheration ! " and .ifa'mellee Pauline, "?on Dieu " Charles Seafort, unausble to face the quizzing nwhich awaited him on anll ides, started off two hours earlier than he had proposed :-he coon retirned, however ; and having, at his father-in- lnw's request, iven up the occupa. tion of Rajah-hunring and shooting Nabobs, iled his blusaing bride to the altar. a Mr. Simpkinson from Bath did not attend a the ceremony, being engaged at the Grand SJunction Meeting of Sfarans, then congregat ing from all parts of the known world in the city of Dublin. His essay, demonstrating that theglobo is a great custard, whipper into co agulation by whirlwinds, and cooked by electricitr,-n little too mitch baked in the SIle of Portland, and a thought underdone about the bog of Allen,-wrras hihly spoken of, and narrowly escaped obtaining a Bridgewater prize. Miss Simpkinson and her sister acted as bridesmaids on the occasion ; the former wrote an tpitalomium, and the latter cried "Lasr me !" alt thire clergyman's wig. Some years have since rolled on; the union has been crowned with two or three tidy little off shoots from the family tree, of whom Master Neddy is " grandpapa's darling," and Mary Anne mamma's particular "Sock." I shall only add, that Mr. and Mrs. Seaforth are s living together quite as happily as two good hearted, gool-tempered bodies, very fond of each other, can possibly do; and that since the day of his marriage, Charles has shown I no disposition to jump out of bed, or ramble out of doors o' nights,-though from his entire devotion to every wish and whim of Shis young wife, Tom insinuates that the fair SCaroline does still occasionally take advant age of it so far as to "slip on the breeches." 