HUMOUR. , Suliultz—AVhat was going on over nt your houso last night ? It sounded liko nil earthquake. Miller—Oil, nothing ut nil ; it was a moro trifle, in fact. My wifo naked why I camolionio so lato.—'l'fxas Siftini/9. It is not until a man beooinos rich in monoy —niul mean for tho sake of getting monoy— that ho finds out how littlo comfort nnd pleasure tuul how fow real friends monoy will bring him.-a.Yfw Orlatn,t Viaii/mi'. Two Charming Girls.—She—Do you not think, Mr. Hornby, that Clara Hendrix is a very charming girl ? Mr. Iiorsoy (with groat dolicaoy)—Well, yos, Miss Phrabus, but you can give hor ton pounds and boat lior hands down. First damo—What shall wo do to-day? Lot's go to tho mntineo. Soeond dame— Can't; wo haven't any money. It takes monoy to go to tho theatre.' Xlrstdnno— ' So it does. I did not think of that. Woll, let's go shopping. ' John,' said Mrs. Hawkins, as tliey woro going homo from church, ' why did tho minister call tho dovo that brought back a grrvm twig to tho nrk 'lio'P' ' I don't kuow,'ropliod John ; 4 utilosM it wiih that if tho dovo had been a femalo alio oouldu't havo kopt her mouth closed long enough to got tho bou^h to tho ark;' nnd tlioro was an illfoeling in that housolwld nil tho rost of tho day. Sammy (who is novor allowed to stay out of school)—1 Ilowdio Ilurlbut didn't como to school all day.' Mamma—' Why not f Sammy—' 'C.viso his mothor died. Wliou you dio may I stay homo all day ?' Mamma —' Yes, darling ; you may stay homo n wliolo week then.' Sammy (suspioiously) —' Oh, I kuow ; you moan to dio in vacation.'—Life. ' You havo ray decision, Olnra,' ho said ; ' I cannot walk with you if you havo to drag that poodlo along. You must chooso botwocn him aud mo. It rests with you if our engagement shall bo brokon.' ' Oh, Goorgo !' tho girl roplied, 1 it's so sudden. You mu»t givo mo a weok to think it over. Ono week, Goorgo, and you shall rocoivo your answor. —Xeio York Sun, Husband (who his ndvortisod for a typowritor export)—' Did many call to-day, my dear, in answor to tho advortisemont ? AVifo—' Yos, quito n nimbor ; but therols only ono applicant whom I told to call again. ^ Ho sooms bright and I'm suro you will liltfl*.' him.'" Husband—' AVh.it was tho trouWff with tho rest ?' Wifo—' Thoy woro nil young women.'—Xow York Sim. Wifo (witnessing tho piny of ' Ton Nights in a Bar-room')—' AYhtt a frightful curso rum is, John, ruining so many lives and wrecking the happiness of thousands of innocents. What a moral this play should touch and what a warning it should ho r' Husband (roaching out for his hat)—' Yes, indeed, my dear.' AVifo—'Aroyougoing, John!' Husband —Just want to stop outsido a inoniout to seo a man.'—Xcto York Sim, Gontlomcn,' said tho littlo man, ns ho looked at his watch, roso to his foot, and took his lint, 'it is now nino-thirty,and I promisod my wifo I would bo homo at ton. In matters of this kind I atn rigid and inllexiblo. AVhon my wifo asks me to como homo at t oiftiin hour and I promiso to do so I am firm as adamant in fulfilling tho promise. Docision of eharnctor, gontlomon,' ho continued, as ho thoughtfully rubbodalargo, triangular shaped lump over his loft oar, ' is indisponsiblo to any man who oxpeets to hold his position unquestioned as tho liond of t!io family. Gentlemen, gond-ovouiiig.'—Glnewjo Tribune. Tho varying emotions springing froiu n Snow-whito gown of brocado given with aforeoandpower that woro out low and worn over ft tucker of fine old laeo, ovincing skilful expression of subdued passion nnd hnnging slooves of brocado puffed up so _ as not toc.mcoal tho apparent faults of olocution and nntiquo girdle of turquoiso nnd brilliant medallions joined by n rnro rofiuomont of speo^hnnd motion which convoy a gown of dend-lcnf brown cloth, slit up tho sides nml open in front over nn enrnestnoss whioh is novor subordinate to tho robo of black satin, whioh is ama9s of jot ornaments from throat to hem, displaying a much highor order of dramatic ability than alio ovineodlast soason. A very poor netor in B had playod tho part of tho Ghost in ' Hamlot' for many yoars. Sapliir, tho Gorman wit, Booing him, saifl: ' It would bo a good thing if this man gave up the yhirt, so that somebody olso could take his part.' Iloaring surprise expressed because Hollstab mado no sonsation . during his stay in Paris, Saphir romarkod : l ' That's porfectly natural ; ho was travelling . incognito under tho naino of Eollstnb.' A young poet onco scut tho humorist an ' O lo to Immortality,' roquosting his opiniouof it. Saphir roturncd tho manuscript with tho mossngo : ' This pnokago will novor roach its uddross.' ' Throo persons,' romarkod tho wit, ' sloop soundly—a child, a corpso, and a night watchman.' During his sojourn in X —-—Saphir was frequently in tho society of a well-known theatrical manager whoso_ dullness was notorious. ' How strango it is that my logs go to sloop ovoryday !' ho romarkod. ' How cm you wonder ?' roturncd Saphir; ' thoy aro always in your company.' 