City Chat. BY T11E FAKCEUK. As I write to-day, the bell for the prorogation of Parliament is sounding a merry tinkling and before this epistle is in print no doubt the good boys, and the bad ones too, from the Macquarie-street Academy will be home for the holidays, and up to their necks in otium cum dignitite. As each one will be provided with a big fat cheque it is probable that they will enjoy a deal more otium than dignit ate; but we can scarcely grumble at that, for, all things considered, this Session has been a satis factory one. If nothing else has been achieved, the passing of the Land Bill would have redeemed it, and entitled our representatives to a deal of kudos. This, however, is not only good that lias been worked. The deficit has not been increased, but, on the contrajy, a statutory iobligation has been imposed npon the present and future Treasurers to devote a portion of each year's revenue to paying off the deficency debts. The Public Works Com mittee has settled down to. work, and those little jobs which have disgraced former years will not be so easy to work in the future. The Session has also been free from those shameful scenes which have disgraced others : for the little tiffs that have occurred at times have been no more than what might be expected even in the best regulated families. The Ministry is \mdoubtedly a strong one ; the Treasurer and the Lands Department rulers being undoubtedly strong men, while the gentlemen over the Works and Instruction officers are men of the greatest promise. Had a Local Government Bill been passed the triumph of the Session would have been complete; but it is never advisable to look a gift horse in the mouth and so we must remain satisfied with the Session's work as it stands. The future prospect is bright, and let us hope that the good time so long predicted is at hand at last. # # * So many of our over-worked and underpaid Civil Servants(laughter) have gone up a tree of late, that the Bankruptcy Court has began to smell most vilely of red tape ; but Mr. Judge Deffell has just established a rule which will play the very'' deffell" (more laughter) with these oppressed darlings' little game. In the case of Civil Servant Arthur Elliott, who was receiving £121 per annum and living at the rate of £15 a month, His Honor de cided that the insolvent would have to take in a reef or two, and contribute 30s a month out- of his princely income towards satisfying the clamors of his creditors. Furthermore, this ruling will hold good iii the case of other Civil Servants, so that there seems to be nothing left for them but to pay up their just debts ; just the same as if they were a herd of common honest working men. This will certainly be set down as another injustice to the Service, but Judge Deffell's ruling will throw a gleam of joy into the heart of many an unfortunate tailor, and cause many a hnsh-house proprietor to sit up in his sleep and dream that the long-talked of millenium has arrove at last. It is a libellous mistake, however, to set down all Civil Servant* as spendthrifts,'for, after all the Service contains no more black sheep than any other profession. . * # .The '? pore wurrikun malm " seems to bo a little .off his head just at present, or if he is not he soon will be, provide he follows up the lead of the Trades and Labor Council . here. This sapient body re cently passed a. resolution for the introduction hi to Parliament of a Bill to prohibit Foreign or British .workmen coining into the colony under agreements or contract, written or otherwise. This is a very tall proposal indeed. And it is just about as stupid as it is tall. Nothing short of a British Exclusion Bill will prevent workmen from the old country crowding to this "better land," under contract or not, and tliis selfish policy suggested by the Council SolonB is apt to experience a decidedly lively time if it ever comes before a sound and sober, House: Some little time ago a similar fad wes tried on in America, but perished miserably in the first act.'-' The English vicar imported for the Brooklyn Church was found to come within the bounds of its working, and to make matters worse the Americans found they would have to deny, themselves-the pleasure of a visit from Henry Irving, the celebrated actor, and his brillant band. Even our own Searle could not accept an engagement to show the Yanks what Australian rowing was like; neither: could Peter Jackson delight the culoliawed talent by talent by putting a head on the gladiators of Amur rikur either. Consequently the whole thing went, bung, and that's tliejfix- our Trades and Labor Council will find itself in if it playe up any more of its dog-in-the-manger pranks.;; ; There are plenty of real grievances for the Council'to cope.with, and therefore, its members would do well to let up on the British workmen and tackle the yellow agony trouble, or something else of & like prominent nature. Apropos to which" the question has often been asked as to how modern machinery will affect the prospects of the working' man.' Inventor Edison recently had that poser put, to him, and his reply was so full of hope that it can iior'be'ioo. widely circulated. # ? . # * : The exact question asked was:-" When motive . power; gets ty be four times as cheap as'it is,1 what will become of the laboring man ?" To which Edison repliedHe will be enriched by: it. .Machinery will be his slave. . See how machinery has multi plied in the last fifty years. As a direct'result, workingmen get double the wages they did then, and the necessities of life cost only half > as much. In other words, a hand-worker can to-day buy four (4) times as much with ten hours of work as his father could fifty years ago. For the 'first time in the world's history a skilled mechanic can buy a barrel of flour with a single day's work. The machinery in the United States represents the labor of a thousand million men-or fifty times much labor as that of all the men in the country. When motive power is still further cheapened say in an other generation-I believe that the unskilled laborer, if sober and industrious, will have a house of his own and a horse and carriage and a library and a piano. It is terrible stupidity that leads some laboring men to suppose that machinery is their foe. It is the thing that gives them indepen dence and even freedom. Without machinery society would drift into a condition of master and slave ; the multiplication of machinery means for every worker more for better clothes, better house, less work. In fact I believe that the indefinite in crease of machinery is going to solve what folks call "the labor question"-that is, the desire of hand-workers to get a bigger slice of the margin and profit." May we all live to see that day. e * # # Some men labor ss little as they possibly can in an honest way, and yet they get there all the same.' The gentle burglar for instance is with lis. once again; but this time it is the real Simon Pure we. haveandihe is maki ng himself verymuch at home also.' ' Twemlom's jewellery shop situated'in the very heart of tlie city-corner of George and Market-streets', ' was the first spot to tempt his cupidity, and he accordingly " cleaned the crib " in a true trades-' man like fashion. So far as we can judge this artist and his pals (if he had any) secreted them selves in the Arcade on Saturday night, and not being troubled with any great scruples about work ing on the Sabbath Day they got away with some thing lite £1500 worth of plunder. # . * . , -? To reach the jeweller's treasures it was necessary to pass throngh hairdresser Kruger's and Quong Tart's shops ; a matter of very little trouble to the. gifted knight of the." Jemmy." A hole was bored 1 through the floor of Mr. Tart's tart emporium and then an augur hole was mado in the Twemlow ceiling. Through this a closed umbrella was passed . and then opened so as no one who might bo at their . Sunday devotions would be annoyed at the sound of falling plaster. This was a decidedly smart trick, and further proof of the abilities of this artist was given in a polite note left behind saying :-" My compliments to Quong Tart & Co. and the barber. . J ajn .sorry for the damage I have done them; only for Mr, fart's having too cunning a lock on his door I wowW iwt have interfered with the barber.". After this apology Mr. Burglar grew facetious at the expense of of tl)« " foorce " whom he supposed would'' cot on the scent, $h*s usual cry, and it's to fee hooed that's all they will get. Clever lot of fellows <" ,A"d then a sudden warning seems to have beeo soju»4ecl i" his ear for he wrote, "imugt not be fanny or anticipate. I may be booby hatched yet Au revoir a I' impudence." Monsieur Impudence is a fit title for that swell, for' he is evidently a cool hand and quite a daisy in his pre carious profession. * * * Of course everbody and his wife are indignantly asking "Where were the police !" Who, strange to say have disappointed Mons. Impudence by not having the ghost of a clue as yet. Some of our bold safe-scrapers had their "heagle heyes' glued to the keyholes of public-house backyards, 110 doubt, more of them were "surrounding" unfortunate " Domain squatters," and probably a few important " mimbers " patted their gloved hands complacently and pompously " strolled along so gaily, or past the very shop where the enterprising burglar was snatching the sparklers, touching the tickers, and regaling himself on the currant cake which he had. so thoughtfully provided for the occasion., Since then ana the? jeweller has been victimised |by at tending to a swell seated in a buggy in the street while another, gentleman tilted a tray of jewels into his pocket and then went on his way rejoicing. Blessed is the man who has nothing to lose to-dny for he is about the only one who does not run the risk of being robbed. # * * Wonders will never cease-; and there really does seem to be something new under the . sun, !as the boy observed when he gazed at the soles of his new Sunday boots. Not long ago a Northern Queens land paper declared " a new process of butter mak ing has been announced, the whole process consist ing merely of wrapping cream in a suitable material and burying it in a shallow grave in dry ground, and resurrected, after a short interval of time,'the cream is found converted into excellent butter." # # # This was treated as a fairy tale at first, but Mr._ E. Parker, of Tenterfield thought there might be something in it, and accordingly he buried a quantity of cream as directed, about three inches below the surface of his garden one evening, and on the following morning on resurrecting it he found a splendid sample of excellent butter. Some | of our Penrith friends might try the experiment and re port progress. It can't be tried in Sydney very well for the cream is as scarce here as scented soap in a Chinese camp and a. good thing- could, be made by any enterprising party who rented a gateway in George-street and exliibited a pot of real cream at a charge of half-a-crown a head admission. : " The above would "seem to liare been very much imposed upon, "howaver, by a Walgett lady who re cently set a pot of cream out in a spring to keep "cool. During the night a frog fell into the: cream pot, and in Tiis struggles to get out he actually churned the cream so that when the lady visited ;tlie spot next morning, she found tho frog sitting on a pat of butter, washing his feet in the butter milk. No one is bound to believe that story, of course, but' nevertheless,' it has' a nice truthful, land 'sale auctioneer's ring about it.' ? * . # ii ' "Dagonet" of the London JZe/erec recently dashed off a little thing of his own in the poetry line, part of which joggled smoothly along in this style:- , ; . ! " He went to a court where the fairest fair ; Wore dresses which left, their bosoms bare ;; But when he was told it would shock the Queen If they let but an inch 'of tlieir legs be seen, ' That's wonderful!' said the Shan.'' ,, : # ' # * i Since then Mr. Shah has sjustjgiven it las his' opinion tliat the Scotch ^ladies 'aire the handsomest 'in the world. As some of the Scotch lasses that he . saw were i clad in the picturesque but decidedly scanty costume of the Highlands, the Shah cer tainly'saw a deal more of them than he1 did ;of the English^dames ; but anyway, he has yet ;to enjoy "the "luxury "of seeing the girls of Australia.. Amongst the.many good stories tol&of; "the Brother' of the Sun's trip'is one'to the effect that while on a visit-to Berlin the Prussian Ministers of State were presented to' him. When Herr Leonhardt's turn came, he was- announced as " The Minister for Justice." a"i Justice, justice; ' repeated the Shah in a perplexed tone (justice is scarce in Persia); " What is this justice ?'. And then, as something Jike~the meaning of the word (dawned upon him he smiled and exclaimed, "Ah-yes-I know him now-the Minister for this-" at the same time catching his neck just under the- left ear,'giving it a'jerk upwards with a cluck and' going 'through a first-class pantomine, expressive of hanging, i And then greatly pleased with ;his own sagacity he asked the onequestion put respecting everyone : " How much do he eat. r / "l.i j #? ' #' . ? j - . There is joy in the house oKOamngton to-day, but I am tola it is of a somewhat-subdued'descrip tion. On Friday mcrning, at the ungodly -hour of 5 o'clock a baby girl arrived, frohi heaven; ;but I believe the order left was for a babyboy..v;At any rate the new comer makes the fourth girl born - to the house of Carrington which is still without an heir, and likely to lie so for some time longer. Why our respected rulers should evince, such a partiality for daughters is perhaps more than they could well explain themselves ; but the. affair can not be saddled on to our lovely climate, for three of the Missas Carrington were born in England. : Baby daughters will, I presume, be very much .worn this season* and I came near forgetting that " Me and Carrington " are on a level now for I have raised four daughters and am heirless also. This I sup pose is,another instance of " two great minds run ning in the samefgroove," but anyway here's health and prosperity to little Carrington No. 4 and may she live to do credit to her truly worthy parents. 