'Rip Tan WinMe/5 ! The Rip 'Van Winkle of Joseph Jefferson is one of the cherished memories of old Australian play goers. When he visited these colonies, more than a quarter of a century ago, he was a compara- - tively unknown man. His first appearance among us was unheralded by any announcements which could lead people to expect that he had more than ordinary claims on their attentions. The utmost that was ' hoped in respect of him \ras that he would prove a fairly capable comedian. Nobody looked for a histrionic genius in the person of the stranger from Yankee-land. But his 'Rip-' at once received enthusiastic recognition, a fact which is worth recalling for the benefit of persons who imagine that discern ment and correct taste in dramatic matters are things of yesterday with Australian audiences. However, since Jefferson quitted us the legend of the Catskill Mountains b?ya been occasionally illustrated by actors of no mean ability-; and warm appreciation of their efforts have not been wanting either, especially from that portion of the public which ' knew not Joseph.' On the other hand, indeed, it would be as unreasonable to ignore the merits of a new representative or ' Rip ' because they were not fully as striking as those of Jefferson as it would be to require of every Othello that ha should rise to the level of a Kean, a Brook, or a Salvini. These remarks will apply to the latest impersonator of Washington Irving's hero, Mr. Robert M'Wade, an American actor, who made hiB first bow to a Sydney audi ence on Saturday evening last in Her Majesty's Theatre. The version of the legend of Sleepy Hollow in which he was introduced differs some what from the familiar stage one. In the earlier scenes Rip figures less than he was wont to in the character of what may be termed an idealised toper, and more so in that of one who might be regarded as the ' shocking example ' with whieh an advocate of teetotalism would 'point a moral or adorn a tale.' In other words the whimsical humor of the character is not so apparent in certain of the scenes alluded to as could be desired, or rather too much stress is laid on points which have a tendency to present Rip's faults and weaknesses in as serious a light as that in which they were contemplated by Dame Van Winkle herself. Still there was a great deal of humor in Mr. M* Wade's performance, and some very effective touches of pathos as well. The light-hearted vagabond, who is nobody's enemy but his own, was preseated ?with -unexaggerated comic force in those scenes in the village inn with the burgomaster and the innkeeper, and yet more characteristically .when taking part in a dance with the lads and lassies, which is suddenly interrupted by the coming of Rip's wrathful wife, and her onslaught on him. The actor's command of pathos was shown in Rip's farewell scene with his wife and child, just after the indignant Mrs. Van Winkle has poured a torrent of reproaches on Ms head, and ordered him to leave the cottage, and when he is about to start on that night excursion up the mountains, which is the prelude to his long sleep. In the interview with the ghostly deni zens of the Catskills, Rip's happy-go-lucty philosophy does not entirely fail him. With the terror inspired by the presence of the spectres, a sense of fun still manages to associate itself. These mingled feelings were skilfully depicted by Mr. MWade as poor Rip endeavored to appear at ease, and vainly attempted to decline the dubious hospitality -and his strange enter tainers with a faint assurance that he had 'swored off.' His acting was decidedly good through the whole of the scenes with the ghosts, from Ms meeting with the dwarf of the mountains to his drinking of the charmed draught. Rip's awaking from his twenty years' sleep, in the likeness of a decrepid old man, was also a situation to which due effect was given, and where he returns 10 th» place wMch had once been his home, but only to fiisd that everything has seemingly chansred as strangely as Rip Mmself, Mr. MWade was very natural and touching. Rip's wife was played by Miss Roland Watts Phillips, and with more of emphasis in the pathetic way than has usually been considered as appropriate to the shrewish attributes of Mrs. Van Winkle. Their child was represented by a very intelligent little girl. Albion WMte, and her boy lover by Master Johnnie Rogers, who also did exceedingly well. Later on, those two characters were filled by Miss Louiaa Halber and Mr. H. R^ Jewett. It was the lady's first appearance in i Sydney, and not altogether an unpromising one. . Parts of more or less prominence were assigned to Messrs. Sterling Whyte, Frank Harcourt, J. W. Sweeney, Charles Hall, and Miss Athena Claudius, while Messrs. Isaacson, Ayrton, and others appeared as the spirits of the mountains. The scenery was up to the average standard of Her Majesty's, which, of course, means that it was admirable. The view of the Catskill Mountains, with the figures of Heindrick Hudson and Ms crew, in their quaint, old-fasMoned Dutch dress, was weirdly picturesque, and the same scene, as it is supposed to have looked on the summer moiming when Rip awoke from his trance, was beautifully represented. But what above all should ensure the success of -the production is the decided talent wMch Mr. M'Wade displays as the hero. _^_^_^________^__ 