Y.M.C.A. HALL. THE foundation - stone of the ball which the Goulburn branch of the Young Mien's Christian Association is erecting in Clifford-btreet, next to Mr. Southall's new factory, was laid yesterday afternoon by the Hon. Ebenezer Vickery, M.L.C. The building will be two-storoy. brick with cement front, and of the composite for order architecture. A sketch of the front elevation accom panies this report. On the ground floor provision is made for a library, reading-room, room for small public gatherings to hold 150 persons, large hall, retiring-room off the hall, and caretaker's apartments of four rooms. The large hall will accommodate 5C00 persons when the gallery, for which provision has been made but which will not at present be orected, is added. The floor will be an iucliued piano, and there will be four large entrances, providing ample means of egress in case of fire. Upstairs there will be a room for lodge purposes (with an ante-room) to seat 1.50 persons, a room for com mittee meetings and social gatherings, and above the caretaker's apartments - a gymnasium, 40 feet by 25 feet, with bath-room, lavatory, and dressiung-room. Competitive de signs were obtained for the building, and that of Mr. H. Laker-a pupil of the Goulburn Technical School-was selected. The cost of the structure, with fittings, will be about £.000. Messrs. Holloway Brothers are the contractors for the brickwork and Messrs. Lunn and Small for the finishing trades. Mr. H. E. Hockey will be the clerk of works. About 200 persons assembled to witness the ceremony. The Salvation Army band were in attendance and played several tunes. A plat form had been erected on two partly-completed walls, and on this the following gentlemen took their seats, Mr. Wombey (president) occupying the chair : -The Right Rev. Dr. Thomas (Bishop of Goulburn), the Rev. Canons Soares and D'Arcy Irvine, the Revs. A. T. Puddi combe, W. M. Martyn (Turalga), A. J. Webb, W. Sparling, and A. M. Tait, the Hon. E. Viekery, Mr. David Walker (general secretary of the association), and Mr. J. H. Walker (brother of Mr. J. E. P. Walker, of Goulburn). The proceedings were commenced by the singing of the hymn-" Jesus Shall Reign Where'er the Sun," after which the Rev. Canon D'Arcy Irvine read the third chapter of Bt. Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians, and the Rev. W. Sparling engaged in prayer. The Chairman expressed his pleasure at being present and at seeing such a large concourse of the friends of the association. He then gave a short history of the association from the time that the first step towards its formation was taken at a meeting of Protestant clergymen held in August, 1886, convened by the Rev. A. T. Puddicombe. Their premises became too small, and the question resolved itself into thi- either to abandon the work altogether or build premises for themselves. After due consideration and earnest prayer the latter course was decided upon. With regard to the funde in hand be might say that they had none, but they believed that ufficient means would be forthcoming, be cause their object was good. Their aim was to cultivate in the young men of this city a true Christian manhood, and being God's work it must prosper. The institution would be a meeting ground for all denominations and a rallying-place for all young men who came to the city as strangers. They had also provided for the physical welfare of the young men by caroting a very commodious gymnasium for which they hoped to engage a competent instructor. They also contemplated securing a piece of ground where young men might engage in the healthy games of football and cricket. If some kind friend would give a suitable piece of ground they would feel very thankful. It would greatly enhance the attractions of the institution. In conclusion the committee appealed to all who had the interest and welfare of the young men of this rising city at heart to hbel by their prayers and practical sympathy. They appealed to fathers and mothers to help them for the sake of their sons; they appealed to ministers to help them at their religious meetings, because their institution was a help to the churches; they appealed to the young men themselves to join, that their characters might be ennobled so that they might become worthy founders of the nation; and they appealed to the publio and residents generally. On behalf of the Association he thanked Mr. Vickery for his kindness in coming to lay the founda tion-stone, and also expressed his gratitude to Mr. David Walker for lending his assistance at the proceedings. The Chairman next presented Mr. Viakery with a silver trowel and myall mallet with which to perform the duty of laying the stone. The trowel was enclosed in a neat casket, and bore the following inscription :-" Presented to Hen. E. Vickery, I.L.O., on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of the building of the Young Men's Christian Association, Goutl burn." He said that Mr. Vickery had been in vited to lay the stone because of his connection with the parent society. The stone was then affixed in position, end Mr. Viokery performed the ceremony, declaring that he laid the stone in the name of God the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. At the close cheers were heartily given. Mr. Vickery then ascended the platform and delivered an address. He said that the stone just laid was the corner stone of a building to be erected and de voted to the honor and glory of God and for the special use and benefit of young men, to help them as members of this community to become what in their own interest they ought to become and to do for others what they might be called upon to do. This building would be a monu ment of Christian young men's love for other young men who perchanue might bhe less fortu nately situated than themselves, and would also be a rallying-point and centre for evangelical Christian work. It would be a home and place of safety for young men and especially for strange youths who might visit the place. By the erection of this building the young men of Goulburn and the Christians of Goulburn avowed and proclaimed to the world their belief in the Bible, their belief in Christ, the Saviour of man, who was the substance and the embodi ment of the Bible. On an occasion like this it would not be improper to answer a few ques tions-First, what is a Christian young man; second, what are Young Men's Christian Asso ciations, and if they are needed what are their objects and aims, and what is our duty as Christians towards them? First, then, a Christian young man was one who attended to the instruction and guidance of his parents and teachers, who walked not in the counsels of the ungodly, who stood not in the way of sinners, and sat not in the sent of the scornful, but who delighted in the law of the Lord, who took the bible for his instructer and guide, who took upon himself the yoke and service of Christ and as His soldier fought the battle of life in the light of Christ and Christian principles. The Christian young man was one also who devoted much time and energy for the good of his fellow-men. Sceptics could not answer the pure life of an ordinary Christian young man. What were Young Men's Chrlastian Associations, and were they needed? They were handmaids of the churches-not rivals; they were national institutions-not denominational; they were Christian, and not sectarian; they were unionist, and not separatist; they were founded upon the teachings of the new testament; they were composed of Christian young men, banded together for mutual counsel and help. They sought to prevent young men from entering upon those courses which resulted in broken nonetitutions, diseased bodies, early deatths, rud loot souls. The time had passed for opologising, for or defending Young Men's Christian Associations. Taking their rise in London they had spread over America, Asia, Africa, the Australian colonies, and even to Japan. There werenow in the world not less than 4000 Young Men's Christian Associations, and all thece had been established certainly within the last half.century. Were these institutions needed? Yes, undoubtedly they were. They were greatly needed, because the devil ind his agents provided places of amusement and places of evilresort for young men and young women, and the devil's people were exceedingly active and energetic in beguiling and alluring young men to these places of amusement and degradation. They knew of hundreds of young men, sometimes perhaps in the course of a year, who having left their hmres to enter upon the serious business of life yielded to the temptations presented to them by these attractions. They commenced by taking the intoxicating cup, they listened to the fascinating, tie evil, voice of the syren, and they went on until by continuous sinful intercourse they lost their will power. Consult the death roll of this colony and they would be appalled to see how many young men died, not having lived half their days. Young Men's Christian Associations were needed uas a counter attraction and to enable Christian young men to work together for the good of others. These institutions were erstablishcd for thie special welfare of youug men. Amrongst their woek was that of seeking out ltaengers and fricndle.s youths, sympathising with them, and directing them to respectable lodgings. ThLy eeriiuvited to the mueetinge sad introduced to good osnarpionship and innoenet amuosement. Thn institutions also provided for libraries, reading roams, lectures, social gatherings, and wholesome amusements. The duty of the public was to support and sympathies with these institutions. Churches of all denominations should unite and join in the work.' In this work the barriers of sect were broken down and they met on one common platform under the banner of their one Lord and Master. He would say to the leaders -let your motives be pure and Chrietlike; avoid self-importance and self-seeking; the work is not all intellectual and physical-it is also moral and spiritual, and you therefore need to seek for divine help. His sympathies were with them in the work, and he would watch their progress with great interest. The board of management would have many difficulties to encounter. They would require much patience, much perseverance, and liberality. In conclusion his prayer was that God's blessing might attend their labours and that this institution and this building might be an abundant blessing to this city. At the close of the address offerings were invited. Printed forms, with blanks, which those who desired to contribute could fill up, were handed round. A letter of apology, with a cheque enclosed, was read from the Mayor, who was in Braidwood. Thd Chairman stated lthat the committee were determined to raise £500 by the time the haell was opened. The Chairman then called upon the Bishop to deliver the dedicatory address, at the same time expressing his thanks to his Lordship for his kindness in attending and his pleasure at seeing him restored to health. The Bishop, after a few introductory remarks, said: I have been requested to give a dedicatory address on this auspicious occasion. The pro. ceedings commenced with prayer in the rooms of tihe Y.M.C. Association, and again at the stone. Let us ever begin, continue, and end all our doings with prayer to God for His pre sence and blessing. We may then expect suc cess in our undertakings. It is, I trust, an omen for good that our friend aho has kindly come from head-quarters to lay the stone is named Ebenezer The promoters of the present detign cun, I believe, truly say-" Hitherto hath the Lord helped us." I devoutly trust and pray that this new building may be instrumental in promoting the glory of God and the welfare of the young; that all the officers and members may be encouraged in the good work by seeing abundant growth and continuous prosperity; and that the young men of Goulburn may be patterns of all that is virtuous and holy and good and useful, and become fellow-workers with us in reclaiming the wanderer and rescuing the dissolute from a life of misery and uselessness. The first idea of the Y.M.C.A. was started in London between 40 and 50 years ago by that noble Christian man, Mr. George Williams, of St. Paul's Church-yard. From a very humble beginning it has been expanded in Great Britain and the colonies, in the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, &o.;, until at present the number of associations is at least 4000\. At an international conference in Berlin 4 or 5 years ago no less than 340 delegates from 16 countries assembled to promote the interests of the associations, so greatly had the work been augmented. And what is the basis, what the principles, which underlie this vast structure? The basis, drawn up at a conference in Paris, in 1855, declares that the Y.M.C.A. " seeks to unite those young men who, regard ing the Lord Jesus Christ as their God and Saviour according to the holy scriptures, desire to be His disciples in their doctrine and in their life, and to associate their efforts for the exten sion of His kingdom among men." But while the basis is distinctly a religious one, the asesocia tion aims at the physical and mental develop ment of the young, and seeks to surround them with such influences as shall serve to form cor reot habits of life, and to create a strong symmetrical Christian character. It invites young men to make use of the reading room and the library, to attend lectures on interesting and instructive subjects, to meet together for mutual improvement in the discussion of literary and popular topics, to attend bible classes, singing classes, meetings for prayer, &e.; In short, it looks after the religious, moral, social, and in tellectual welfare of young men, and endeavours to enroll them in various ways as Christian workers for the good of all within their reach, specially among those who live outside the in fluence of the various church organisations. It is, of course, important and necessary so to ar range the appliances of the association that they shall not interfere with the customary services of existing Christian bodies, and encourage all to attend public worship, according to their faitL in their own assemblies; to keep holy the Lord's day, remembering the lines of the great Chief Justice, Sir Matthew Hale--" A Sabbath well spent brings a week of content." In conclusion, may I offer a word of advice to young men cultivate truthfulness and honesty in all your dealings with God and man, cultivate habits of sobriety and temperance, cultivate purity of heart and life, cultivate a missionary spirit and a love of reading, be careful in your selection of books,. study the word of God pre-eminently and books of Christian character and usefulness, history, biography, science, not that science--falsly so called-which pretends to knowledge, but lives on mere guesses and conjectures, avoid bad books, avoid bad companions, avoid bad places, avoid late hours, avoid bad language, be respect ful to your elders and to women, show sympathy with the afflicted and the distressed, be obedient to parents and those who are over you, be courteous to all. To the promoters I would say-God's helping hand has been with you in the past, look forward with confidence to His enlarged assistance in your now home. The Rev. A. J. Webb was next called upon. He said:--The thought uppermost in my mind just now in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association of this city is their audacity. Taking into consideration the smallness of the aessociation, the paucity of their moneyed supporters, and the large sum-£3000 that they propose to expend on their noew enterprise, I can only regard the committee as being singularly audacious. Surely a part of the spirit of Danton, one of the best of the French revolutionists, must have entered them -the spirit of the man whose motto was- " L'taudace, I'atdaree, 1 astdaee, cl tonjour's d'audase." Well, whether this particular audacity of the Young Men's Christian Association is to bring its own punishment or its own reward will rest with the people of Goulburn and the county of Argyle. But I must confess, apart from what the issue may be, to a secret admiration for audacity and a great and open admiration for audacity when displayed in a good cause and towards a laudable end. And I hold this view that it is worse than useless to do things by halves, and that if audacity is to be the order of the day, be out and out in the matter and very thoroughly audacious. As I said to some people a couple of months ago -" You have all gone mad, and the only thing now is to be stark, staring mad, and go right through with it full steam ahead for it is no use being half-mad." To those who have had the temerity to initiate this undertaking I would say: Keep up the same spirit, maintain unflsggiugly the audacity with which you have begun, and remember the name of a railway station on the western line--Nevertire. And now I repent that it rests with the general public of this locality to crown this bold emprise with delightful success, or to allow it to drown in the sea of troubles which debt brings on an institu tion. Will the lovers of ltheir city and the friends of their kind saunter idly and let such an attempt as this perish in failure ?-an institution which will be one of the ornaments of this Goulburn that, like some young men, is growing hand. somer every year; an institution which will be a power for morality and a fosterer of those manly virtues Which make a municipality and keep society in pure, fresh health; an institution whlich affords a broad and common platform fotr people of all Christian creeds and the ministers and oglice-bearers of the different churches-thus tending to break up the phorisaic spirit of exclusiveness and to bring earnest people who are aiming at ai commont end into better acquaintance, and therefore into greater har louny. I say, an institution such as this will the wealthy people of Argyle and the less opulcut citizues of Goulburn allow to drown before their eyes, or will they carry it buo eantly over '.the waves of this troublesome world" ? This is a problem that I leave with you for your further consrideratlion. Hlymn 140-" All Hail the Power of Jesu's Name "-wasv then sung. Mr. J. E. P. 'Walker had been busy canvas sing the crowd for contributions, and before the proceedings closed the announceement was made that the sum of £200 had been obtained in cash and promises. The Chairman said he was very pleased at the result, the amount being what it had been resolved should be raised on the occasion. Mr. A. Lansdowne moved a vote of thanks to oll the friends who had helped-the Hon. E. Vickery, Mr David Walker, the Bishop, and the other rev. gentlemen who had attended. He said that £3000 was nothiog to raise in a city like this, where so much was raised for less worthy objects. Mr. H. J. Nesbitt seconded the motion, and being requested to continue epeaking to enable Mr. Wal.er to complete his canvoss proceeded to enumerate reasons why the Y.M.C.A. should receive the support of the public. The vote having been accorded, cheers were given for the Salvation Army band for their attendaner, and it was stated that Major Hos kins would have been present but for his absence from town. After the doxology had been sung and the benediction pronounced the audience dispersed. In the evening a public meeting was held in Trinity Presbyterian Church. There was a fair attendance. Mr. Wombey again presided, and after the singing of a hymn and prayer by the Rev. Canon Soares he made a brief speech. He said be was sure they were all gratified with the success that had attended their first effort that afternoon, which would encourage the committee to renewed exertions. For his part he had never had any doubt of success. The choir of the Wesleyan church gave the anthem-" Sing Unto the Lord." The Chairmen then called upon the Rev. A. T. Puddicombe, mentioning that it was he who first conceived the idea of a Y.M.C.A. for Goulburn. The Rev. Mr. Puddicombs said that he must cay that he had not devoted very much attention to the institution of which he had been intro duced as the father. This was a day on which they wished to put the institution before the Christian heart of Goulburn, and he felt that the way to awaken the sympathy of all Chris tians and all men with any humanity about them was to ask them to look at the material which the association operated upon-young men. Who could look upon the young men without the desire that they should walk in the narrow path trodden by Him who was the great exam ple ? There must be a thousand young men in Goulburn, and if they were directed aright they would become the strength of the colony-as labourers, as skilled artisans, as mereantile men, as clerks in public offices and banks, as instructors of the young, as pre oervers of the public peace, as ministers of the Gospel, as ministers of the state. But what, ex cept by God's grace they were turned into the rightpath, would be the course of others ?-public house loungers, street loafers, woman insulters, burelars, occupants of gaols. Could anyone be indifferent to the path that any young man would take? and the object of this institution was to direct young men to lead a sober, righteous, and godly life. What a grand and noble society it was in its objects and its aims, and it was the bounden duty of Christians to assist in its work. The association brought young men to bear upon young men; though up to the present many elderly men had been called upon more than they ought to have been. They should try to gather all the young men of the city together, and those who had been well educated should not stand aloof from those teho had not been so fortunate. Nothing influenced a young man more than his associations in the evening, and there were numbers who had no homes at all-who were in boarding- houses or in houses where they had not the company and amusement which they looked for. One great object of the society was to find a place of rendezvous in the evening. The association had hitherto been successful, and they must thank God and take courage. Hymn 323 was smng. The Rev. Canon Soares congratulated the pro. moters of the Y.M.C.A. on their success, and he said that they deserved the symupathy of all members of the churches in Goulburn. To pro mote the glory of God in the salvation, the elevation, of mankind, was the highest object in life, and that was the object of the association. God might assert his dominion over the powers of evil; but He gives man free will and graciously permitted him to be a labourer with Him in the salvation of others. The great object of the typical young man of Goulburn wa: to amuse limself. He knew nothing of any of the natural sciences, of any of the oloegies, and very little of history, and the book which above all.others ought to be familiar to all men he cnmen-.nothing. at all about. Whatever was spiritual in him lay dormant. Thank God, there were exceptions, but lhe did not think he had drawn a portraiture that was false or too severe. The object of the society was to try and raise them out of this conditioninto something higher, and therefore deserved all the help that could be given it. One of the young men who was anl exception to the rule he had mentioned was the one who had the honor of being the architect of the building the stone of which was laid that daay. He thought that young man had a bright futmure before him. Mr. David Walker (who met with a great re ception) said he felt there was much enthiusiasmn about the work. No movement had achieved such success as that of VYoung Men's Christian Associations. He did not knotw of any country which had not a Y.M.C.A. He did not feel so hard against young men as some did, though he did not find fault with the preceding speakers. Be knew the temptations of young men, and the wonder to him was not that so many had fallen, but that so many had stood upright. They had heard of a raid upon gam blers in London, Lord Dudley and Lord Lurgan being among the party, and he might tell them that he had seen in Sydney a young man of the age of 16 only who was a member of the same party. He was the son of a wealthy gentleman of London, was accociating with gamblers, and knew every gambling den in Sydney. The association took him in hand, and telegraphed to his father, who sent out a sum of money speedily, and the young man was now on his way home. The speaker then gave some of his experiences at a conference he recently attended in Sweden, and also referred to a visit to America. The association, he said, could never become a sect, and was not antagonistic to the church, but a feeder to it. The association opened its doors to all. In conclusion, Mhr. Walker addressed himself to the subject of finances. The choir sang another anthem, and a colleo tion was taken up. The Rev. W. H. Martyn made a brief speech. He said he was a living testimony of the results of the work of the Y M.0 A. As a country minis ter he was thankful that the association had been formed, because it provided a place where young men who knew nobody and did not know where to go might attend. He said to them to trust and be not afraid, and the money would be forthcoming. The Rev. A. M. Tait also made a few remarks, expressing his pleasure and joy at the nuceess which had attended the efforte put forth that day. If they went on in faith the result would be all that were needed. Great credit was due to the young men engaged in the work at the present time, and especially to Mr. Walker, the secretary. The Rev. W. Sperling followed with a short speech. He sincerely hoped that the work which had been so auspiciously begun would be crowned with a great success. Mr. H. J. Nesbitt moved a vote of thanks to the Wesleyan choir for their services, and to the trustees of the Church-hall for the free usee of the hull. This was seconded by Mr. J. E. P. Walker, who in his remarks said that before very long it would be necessary to appoint a paid secretary. The possibilities of a Y..OC.A. had net yet been imagined. He was assured of the success of the association, because it would be run on busi ness lines without sacrificing one iota of the true Christian principles which surrounded it. This was carried by,acelamation. A vote of thanks to the chairman for his ad dress that day and his constant sympathy was similarly carried, end the proceedings closed with the doxology and benediction. On Sunday at 4 o'clock Mr. David Walker will give an address to men only, at the Mechanics' Institute, and in the evening there will be an evangelical service at the same place. 