selections fkosi "truth." rMavAl An economical reform in connection with the Royal Bounty has lately been comd oat by the Lord Steward, re spite of the loud nrotest of the Bishop of Ely. The .nwant custom was to give the poor people who are relieved a meal at Whitehall, and for the purpose of the repast a large quantity of the finest linen was sent every year from St. Junee's or Buckingham Palace, which linen became the perquisites of the Lord High Almoner. This repast was abolished towaids the end of the reign of George IU , but, nevertheless, with a wooden adherence to precedent which was worthy of Con stantinople or St Petersburg, the linen con tinued to be regularly supplied from the Royal stores, and it was, of coarse, carted off with equal regularity by the Lord High Almoner for the time being. This absurdity attracted the caustic com ments of the Prince Consort some forty years ago, bat the '-interests " were thai too strong to he resisted, as all the Court officials hong closely together, feeling that, if the abase were abolished, none would be safe. When the stoppage of the linen was proposed about ten years ago, Dean Wellesly being then the Lord High Almoner, that very reverend per- sonindaoed the Queen to promise that there should fc 3 no change in his time j bnt his successor, the present Bishop of Ely, cannot exert Hie same influence, and he has been ruthlessly deprived of his yearly bales, al though he rsic-id piercing cries of remon strance. I hear from Berlin that the Emperor Wil liam is resolved to visit Paris during the Exhibition ; but he will go there in the very strictest incognito, merely ss a private per son, and the most absolute secrecy will be observed as to the trip, so that the public will know nothing about the matter until he has returned home, and perhaps not even then. If the Emperor goes to Paris without tolling anyone of his intention, there is no reason why he should be recognised in his civilian attire. A few years ago the Em- peror of Austria travelled about r ranee ior three weeks withont his identity ever being suspected ; and when he was thus amusing himself he was supposed to be residing at one of his hunting-lodges in Styria. There has been a dire scandal -n Anstro- Hnngarian society through the elopement of Countess Panl Feetetics with the eldest son of a well-known banker at Berlin, and her irate husband actually requested the editors of the Viennese papers to announce that he I waa going to sue for a divorce. Thi6 is the second elopement of the Countess, who is a hansome woman of forty-five. She tan away from her first hnsband with Count Paul, who was solemnly cursed and disinherited by his father for marrying her. Only three years ago, Count Pani, who was the devoted slave of his wife, sent a challeoge to Prince Hohen- lohe, fcitA Grand Master of the Imperial Household, because he peremptorily refused. fn tnmfa 4- liia IVinnfflcn fn a Rftll. The manager of the Hotel de I'Europe, at ; Copenhagen, assures me that it will be of interest to many readers of TruQi to know that he has jnst acquired a long lease of the celebrated bathing -place of Marienlyst, at the entrance of the Sound. Whether it will prove ao or not, I do not know ; but I am quite certain tbt many ot my readers will be interested in the farther information that the ghost of Hamlet's father took his even ing walks within a stone's throw of this spot and that 'Shakespeare has placed the tomb of Hamlet on a hill in the centre of the hotel grounds.9 No doubt Shakespeare — a man of super-human foresight— had an eye to the fature development of the property. The Church Times is very angry at an arti cle on Ritualism which Archdeacon Fanar has written in a religious periodical, and informs its readers that he " has never been able to master the elementary principles of reasoning, nor can he construct an argu ment " and he is also censured for "the turgid verbiage and too often tawdry orna ment " of bis 11 Tiife of Christ.1 The Church Times certainly corners Dr. Farrar rather awkwardly when it reminds him that the primitive Christian Church, to the practices of which he appeals, " had no such dignities as Archdeacon and Canon, no fixed revenues for its clergy, no stately fanes like West minster Abbey " ; and, indeed, there never was a church, either primitive or otherwise, which could boast of such endowments as, for instance, those of Westminster Abbey, where the clerical staff is pud upwards of £10,000 a year, besides having twelve or thirteen booses which are occupied by the Dean, Canons, and minor Canons, and are worth at least another £4,000 a year. Daring the recent voyage of the Himalaya from Plymouth to Bermuda she was dis gracefully crowded and the troop deck was like the hold of a Blaveship. Twenty-six men were placed in a mess for twelve, and the hammocks were slung three deep. There were numerous cases of pneumonia, but dis graceful to relate, there was really no pro vision whatever for the sick. Some of the unlucky men never even took their clothes off daring the voyage. Mr. White, who resigned the important office of Chief Constructor of the Navy be cause the Admiralty would not give him more than £1,00) a year, whereas Lord Arm strong's firm offered, him £2,000, has been tempted back to Whitehall on his own terms. Another very important dockyard official, who got only £500 a year from the Govern ment, is now to be paid £3,000 a year by a private firm. Here is another side-light on oar benefi cent Poor Law. £Uen Shesls, " a miser ably attired old woman " of seventy, was vtt> Pni+wrttf vifh fthlalninn parish relief by fraud, the fact bring that she had £20 in the Post-office Savings-bank, which she had pat by for her funeral, Ellen bring tiie widow of a soldier, and having a horror of being buried by the parish. Inas much as Ellen concealed this fact by stitch ing np her bank-book somewhere inside her " miserable attire," Mr. Partridge told her " that she had perpetrated a " most abomin able fraud on the ratepayers,'' and sent her off to do a month's hard labonr. Now, I am not at all of Ellen's way of thinking. I would infinitely rather be buried by the parish after my decease than go into " the House " pend ing that event. I also happen to be, as a Westminster ratepayer, one of Ellen's vic tims. Bat for all that, I say that, " fraud " though she may have committed, I see no- tiling in it that is "abominable," and a great deal that is pardonable ; and that to con demn an old woman of seventy to a month's hard labonr for each a peocadillo is infinitely more abominable than the offence. As General Bonlanger has honoured ns iwth hie nrwupneo h« micrht. Twtrhana ho hi. dined to answer a few questions which interest as as a nation of shop-keepers. He is entirely without fortune, and I presume that his half-pay as a French General has now been stopped. Yet we find him a large boose in Brussels, travelling by special train and steamer, and now a mansion in Portland-place. How does he get the cash to do all this? That his party in France should subscribe to provide binds for electoral purposes and for propagating their faith, I understood. Bnt it wonM seem that the General is using these fonde j to live mid travel likeaPasba on bis holiday. In France it was possibly necessary for hun to be provided with a black, horse and all the trappings of a Pretender, for these seem, so far as I can perceive, to have been his entire stock-in-trade. Bnt in England this is not needed. Whether he travels by a special train or by a Parliament train, whether he Uvea in Portland-place or in a three-pair back in Bloomsboiy, will not affect our estimate of him, or hasten one day his advent to power in Franoe. Whence ; and why? is, I think, a fair question to ask our gnest. . Lord Salisbury mast hare been secretly much disgusted by the vulgarity and gross . bad taste of the committee of the Bristol. Salisbury Club, who with the usual nraddiah boorishness of provincial Tories, embellished the menu cards of the luncheon at which they .entertained him with a very coarse caricature of Mr. Gladstone and . other Liberal leaders, most of whom were depicted CM WftlWIB IHIIIglUg U£T UUC |UBUPB> , ' There is a good deal of complaint by letter-writerainthe YVmesand other news papers against Mr. Goschen'a increase of the death, dnes.: Theyeallfta tax on orphans. All this is nonsense. Poor orphans are pro tected by the increase not being levied when the testator bares less than £10,000. Death dnes are the most reasonable of taxes. A man gore out of the world. He cannot carry Ins properly with him, nor can lie eeeihat effect be given td his- testamentary "wishes." This obligation . hethrows on the States and the jfitate may havp jts own .conditions respecting the amonnt that it. charges to undertake this execntorahq). Boti Where T think that Mr. Goechehhas madeamistake is 'in tnafclng the increase of Roes ftepend upon the amount left instead of cpqnthfi amount inherited. It would hare been i better if he had exempted all legacies under, j gay, £2,000 from the increase. j 