,THERE will be a general sense of relief throiughout the colony caused by the fact that the Assembly has actually prorogued . without any one being mashed. into the "provieibial mummy in a moment of niore than ordinary political earnestness. The closmg; ceremonies were performed on last Thursday, . and although the ,,memoiy, of the Crick episode, Swith-. its. preceding obstruction and ,uproar, is still fresh the ceremony lost nothing of its unreal glamour and its glittering, optimism. There is alwvays a good deal of ostentatious flummery at tendant upon the opening or closing of a .!Parliamentary session, which has come ,.down to us as an heirloom from mediaeval ''tithines; and tradition has rigidly laid it down that the royal speech' shall be of the mr"ost jubilant character, be the real facts what they may, Turbulent as was the esesioniin its dying moments it accom pllished some solid work-mote, in fact, than the most sanguine adherents of the Government could have' justifiably antici pated. In passing the Land Bill alone the session largely redeemed itself, and its obvious faults and shortcomings will not, ain the provinces at all events, be scruti ·nised in too severe and unr.compromising' ' a spiriL.. It is not too much to assert that ihad the land laws been left as they were when the Government assumed office the result at the close of the present year iv?ould bilve been sufficiently extensive and .disastrous to have merited the title of a ,national calamity. Ruin, unqualified and "-humanly speaking unavoidable, stared hundreds, if not thousands, in the face,. and the general stagnation which would have accompanied the catastrophe would have jinvolved thousands of other busi ness men in bankruptcy. If Independent testimony were not forthcoming from a ddi6en different sources one might not be dispoled 'to place too implicit a reliance uponlthe customaryoptimism of the vice regal speech. According to these veracious and hopeful expositions there never was an Act passed at any time which was not Sikauluited in the highest degree to further the interests of the country, and increase or maintain that confidence between man iand man, and class and class, which is essential for the satisfactory and profitable carrying on of commercial enterprise. But ,we have from many sources a con verging cloud of witnesses testifying to "vthe alue: in a material and national :s'ens? of "the Brunker Land Act of 1889. Mlessrs. Mort, Goldsbrough, and Co., rwhbose business ramifications enable them sstd very accurately determine the pulse of traile and who on a question of this kind may be looked upon as a species of deli cate barometer, speak in the' most en couraging way of the effects already visible Sof the Act. The immediate result has Sbeen to restore confidence and hope where before were distrust and suspicion, and .in conjunction with the splendid pros pects by the abundant rains a very pros perous season is anticipated from its operations. Amongst the other measures passed into law, that providing for payment o members is perhaps the most likely to be fraught with important issues to the coun try. The sparseness of our population and the exceedingly small proportion who are intellectually qualified and have at the same time the leisure and means to devote their services to the State has naturally led to the concentration of the national voting power into the hands of men whose chief interest is found in and about the metropolis. There has been for years past a tendency observable throughout the country districts to protest against this undue preponderance in Par liament of city men; but the cause was not owing to any designed centralisation but sprang directly out of the conditions just cited. It was always within the power of the country to reject outside candidates in favour of men with localised interests; but the fact is that in at least thirty per cent. of the electorates the local man did not make his appearance, or was in some way objectionable. Hence arose the necessity either of accepting such candidates as did present themselves, chiefly Sydney lawyers, agents, brokers, and others of that professional ilk, or to disfranchise themselves altogether. The latter alternative was not to be thought of, and therefore came about naturally the centralisation of power into the hands of men belonging to the metropolis either by birth or business interests. Lacking payment of members, there is not, as far as we are able to see, any efficient way of giving full effect to manhood suffrage, or preventing a gradual concentration of political power into the hands of the pro pertied classes. In referring to this impor tant democratic :departure the Governor's speech, in language which might with sig nal advantage have been a little more perspicuous, says, "It is hardly possible to forecast the forms of moral influence that may arise in the province of politics from the fact that the members of one House are paid for their labour and the mem bers of the other House not paid." This is apparently a vague allusion to the probable amendment of the constitution in the direction of making the Legislative Council elective. So long as the Upper House is a nominee one, and conse quently not necessarily representative of the country, .there remains a standing objection againstits members beingremune rated out of the national coffers. The country ought not to be asked to pay for the services of men over whom it has no 'direct control, while any revision of the Constitution Act which did not place the remunerated Council under the same direct burden of responsibility as the Assembly would leave it 'still open to enquiry -as to whether under such cir cumstances the.system of payment now adopted with regard to the Lower House could justly be applied without serious modification to the Upper Chamber. This, however, is a question for the future. When these spectral "forms of moral influence" do arise,'like sheeted ghosts in the "dead waist and middle of the night," it will be time to take active steps to exorcise them. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. ' During the recess a comprehensive system of technical education will be or ganised, a pleasing proof of the activity of the Minister for Education,who has taken a warm interest in this superlatively im portant question. ' The commercial advan tages which would follow a more' intelli gent application of scientific knowledge in the great primary industries of the colony could not easily be over-estimated, In the matter of knowing" liow to profit ably extract 'gold . and, other precious :minerals from'.low-grade ores ;we are notoriously backward. The'"acquired: wisdom of the laboratoiies ''has only been availed 'pf to a' comparatively small degree in our mining indus tries, while a more acctirite"knowledge in mineralogy and 'geology, such' as could easily be.obtained if.the facilities for tech nical education were widely 'distributed, would mean'the saving annually of hun dreds of thousands of pounds now ex pended in trying experiments which. science could show must end in 'failure. Technical education must become shortly throughott the' whole world an integral .part of the general, education .of the people, and Mr.. Carruthers is doing a greater work in moving thus in the matter than nine out of every ten people will be likely to credit him with. In announcing the early., submission of a measure for local self-government it is clear that the Cabinet do not place much reliance upon those predictions which foretell a crisis, nor judging from the position of parties at the close of the session is there likely to be anything sufficiently serious to warrant the belief that the Parkes Government will not live out its natural term of exist ence. If the same good'fortune attends it over that great State measure -as over the Land Bill, the muci-~t?used' 'Govern ment will go down to posterity as one of the most successful of its generation.. 