IN A CLEFT STICK. {Cornhill Magazine.) A lonely hamlet ia the depths of a Aforarían pine forest. It consists of but five low cottages, built of rough stones, and thatched with straw. For light the Ïéasants burn pine logs upon the hearth, he flickering gleam of their red flame shines through the small windows and is lost in the gloom of the forest. The summer night is dark with clouds, aud tho' moon has not yet risen. The wind soughs .softly over tue top of the pines, otherwise all around reigns the complete Istillnesp. V lu a small room in one of the cottages five mea sit around a rough table playing .carols by the light of the pine logs and ^smoking short wooden pipes. They are, all . of them, of middle ago, between forty and fifty, browned with tho sun and the wind/ Their beardless faces are covered j with wrinkles, and their bristling hair is i onjt .short, v They wear : roughly-knitted tími^M^ie^^/tnd'íl^ Mvef<)Dtedé ".. lu a corner of the room a vroinau tits ou a wide b.*d; rock'ug with her foot a eradlo iu which A baby is asleep. Two bigger children sleep on the bed be- hind her. Tho wo uau has a rosary in nor minds and id telling her beads. Tho men do uot speak, except when the game requires it. They are playing for marks only, which they make with a piece of chalk upon the table. Tho monotonous amusement laste au hour or two. Mean* while the wo mau bas laid herself down ou tiié bed aud gouo to sleep. At leugth the old, smoke-stained wooden cock strikes elereu with a dui! souud, resembling titat of a cracked glass As if at a word of com maud the men rise at once from the beuch, and shuffle softly from the room. The last of them, a tuan of middle height, who limps ou one foot, carefully puts out the tiro. ThU is tile owner, of . the cottage, Skokau. Outside his companions waited iu the yard. One of them had in his hands four ; rjds, each about three yards long, bent in tiie form of a b,»w, and a polo. AU wore souietbiug fustjucd at their sides which looked li ki a bag. When Skokau had taken from under the. cayes a little, roundish bundle of rods and auother long pol-, -he also (fastened a bag at bis bid-. Ttiat donej jhe whistled, to à small dog to coiné out of his keuhel, and thou tliey all i left the yard tog-elher, ¿kokan clys'ug the j gate carefully, so that the dog should not,. getont,' ,.' '1 ', : Leaving tho road at once, they « utered £ under, the., dark vault of the branches of " thtígreat trots. Nut a word wat-' spokeu amoug them. For half au hour lucy pissed ou filluwing Skokau, some- times Lhrough the thick woods, sometimes through uew plantations, where .the braucacs of the youugAtoe» beat, roughly . against their focos. At last they cobie to a little brook that wound its way turough . the thickets. Tiiore Skokau stopped. ., , " Mates/' ho snid iii a low voice, *\we will .stop here aud rest, so . that we shall, not go tuafed into tito water." >f Tiiey all tat down on the spungy moss, unable to seo euc auother iu.the darkf . i " Llsteu, matee*'.' wont ou ßkokiin. " I hare heard-a rep-rt. Yon know, mates, that we hayo work :d together those tvrelve years, aud un t i now they have not caught, any ot us. But yesterday eveuiug I lisant, something." 'ivs " What then ?" asked two voices.',. The third man was silent. . ? .. . . ; : " You know Frautishka. who wa s my wife'e friend, is iu. service with the', bailiff." i V , "Ay, what then?" assented again tha. two voices. '(.,_." ; fi Yesterday-my wife went with her 4p vespers, and Frautislika -t-dd her that.they. say.tnat w« «night to keep an nye ou you,, .Ziuka. Tiiey say that yesterday tnorurnif you were talking for a long, time with the bviliff and the forester at the office." The mau wh» had luthcrto kept silence answered quickly, "I went ¡to the office to pay the rent. " But Frantisbka says. that you wore there along time." "SkOkan, you are not fcried by a womau's chatter," answered tho ' niau addressed.' "All these years we have worked together you have never doubted me. The forester was there only by chance. " Well, mates, I did think it was just woman's chatter," agreed Skokan; .« I don't believe it." *' Nor I," said tho other two. " I have only told you mates, that there was something said," replied Skokan, easily. ? ? s ? ? " Now we are cool, lot us go down to the mere. We can jump the stream easily just below here. Tito meu were poachers, aud to-night wore g dug to catch carp in one of tho Couut's meres. They had been thither often enough before, they aud the vill- agers, too. For they nil poached-in the winter, game, and in tho summer, carp.; stooling out at night when the moon rose late, from their quiet cottages in the lonely woods, to return at dawn, soaking wet, and numbed with cold ; bent some- times with the weight of the carp'in the bags on their backe, and sometime with the pain of a gunshot, aud sometimes learing behind them on the forest paths drops nf blood to mark their steps. Now and again a man never carne home at all. Many of them had no occasion to poach. They could live well enough ou the pro- duce of their fields and meadows. But the poaching was a passion with them; Of them al), the most daring end the most experienced was the limping Skokau. What a number of carp that man liad taken home from the Count's fish ponds for his children to eat! His wife also secretly took the fish round for sale. The neighbouring country priests bought them for Friday, the -schoolmasters, and some- . times the gentlefolks iu the neighbouring towns. By means of thia trade with the Uonut's carp, Skokau and bis companions , were piling np a nice lit tle heap of fiorjpR. The highest ambition of the Count's game*koepor« was to catch Skokau itfthb act/ But all their ingenuity had been hii-Vr!o iii vuiu. He always got away. Tho poacher* ros » aud grop >d though the dark t> the edge, of thostroini. They kiéW t''o place well. Tliroo of tho:n liai already jumped tho brook. Only Ziuka Temaíne 1. Tuen he jumped, too, bit, alightiug op hts rigjit foot; gave a suddeu slijriek of pain. Tho same instaut he checked himself, aud was silent. " What's happened, Ziuka ?" askod Skokaii quickly. Vi jumped oa tho stump of a tree, ftud ha" e'.b'irt my foot. tü'fitít, he had jumped barefooted on the ¿tamp of a young piue, which had WénááWu b«lf through aud broten off. A sharp splinter stood up like a fiug. r, and ¡liad pierced the sole <>f Iiis foot, "ft'.') á:ns me fearfully," inoaued Z'nki. fjiie ot tho pincher* tore off a strip ab'vút four iueb-s wide from tho ó Ige of bag «nd gare it to Ziuka, who b mad lui wpund wii h it, 'and. having p:cko.l ;u'p bis rodsV¿imped! af 1er his matos. * JSj-;' wound will, get washed iii th* wafer.', arid after a Few days it will be quHe W),*' be comforted himself, * bear- ing;.íhef,'kó^^ with the quiet çhiU os*»phy',oï a rough uature, ii»t a little assisted by the fact that lie had some tliing" heavier 'thsn, the paiu'weighiug tipOu bis mind. Already he had «et down hiá Voûtas a_ Judgment come upon him föf'^fy&t;^eUorfot '^fóeTr'he' liad buen guilty'against birt ' 'mtt«. ' For he was leading his friends with whom he bad pdachel ever Wince lie; Was a lad> ¿nd more Sárticiüarly his old, faithful, true mate kokaa, !iuto a trap_ which thö Count's game-keepers had sot. : Ouljf the* day before the Count's bailiff had'sent for bibi to éJme to the office, and tliore häd said to Mm drily and shortly : "SSitíka."all tho world knows you poach' wt¿h;' Sk|>ktn: Kow, if you Will not tell ns Where Skbkan ¿oes for his fish, BO that we can citeh hini in the act, understand thYs-tho time is coming round for the conscription. Your only son will have to stand, and we will , have him enlisted, without' any chance of his gettiug off. You will hot see him, Zinka, for fourteen yeaw-perhaps never again." ^Thé bailiffs threat struck Zinka dumb. '^Now, if 'you will tell hs,J' rbiitiuued thifc fcailiff, * When ' aud whe^e that bid rogue1 piéis poaching, and we catch bim, I wijl get your son off from the conscrip- tion'for ever." Ziuka and his wife hid tao child except: Tornásh; Dearly'they loved hiiii, arid often tb¿y talked to eaeh Tether hw they' woidd give him a cottage and marry bini, traft rëefâiieâ rip'whether theyhaft put by money,enough. Already they had' their: eyes'1 Ou. sevbral peasants' smart daughters wüoWoOlddo fob' bim.1 'But the con- scription! 'Fourteen years in the army. 7 : Zmka' knew very well that be bad 'been forSoniétime;în"evil colour with the. ? bailiff for his pouching, and that it was ?.. ont ot revenge that the bailiff would get Törilhßh : enlisted.1 Well; he could save ',' Tomash. But he muvt betray his old and: faithful mate. "To<: steal carp out of the Count's mere-in that Zinka saw no' harm at «ll. But to betray his ma«e who helped him t« steal tho carp, that seemed to Zinka the vilest boseues i and degrada- tion. . . . ; ; ,The cpufliet iu the piacher's soul Was: fie-eel Against his friendship for Skokaii . b'siostincts of a .fathsr batiled bard, telling bim that his first duty was to his own flesh and blood. But for all that he hesitated. The bailiff saw it, and began te describe to him the hardships and miseries of the, jfourteen years' military service. "For tho smallest neglect," said;tbeibaUiff," a soldier lias to run the gaunlet, to be wounded with swords in the sides and back until his steps are printed with blood !" And of course the soldier may come home a' cripple, with only one foot, or Without a hand: 5, "'Your'Honour," broke in the voice of poor 'terrified Zinka, " the Lord's will must be done ! This is a mean, shameful deed.' I know it.. But I will do this to shîè my son. It would bo the death of his mbtheriE they took him away." v Thé'baïlîff smiled quietly, patted the poacher on the shoulder, and said : " You are a good and Worthy tenant bf h's lord- ship's to give information again ! these ttèfoplë .Who rdb bira. NbW tell me when and Where Skokán bs going for %ht fish." "*'** You?'-Honour, ti-morrow at midiiight We áre 'going tb the big mère," replied thc poacher in a trembling voice. .¡ He felt.as if at that moment bis heart was being crushed iu a vice. . .,,," Good. ' The forester will attend to it. If Skokan is caught they will let yon go. And,?'? he _added, " they will know Fko kaa :by his limp." . Then he changed his threatpniug tone to a pleasant one and set the poacher at bis ease, saying : " We will get.ypur son put down on the list' as Short-sighted; and he will be clear of the conscription: for ever." \- Zinka-thanked bim for his kinduess. He 'had still td explain which way the poáchers would .approach the mere. . After that the bailiff lot him go. . !0n Lis way ;hotno Zinka wás rory un hatopv utípufc 'h&riajt; betrayed his mate, Stil «fe WW btot ia WUifort himself with (he assurance that what ho had doue was his his duty to his son. Bul nut a word did he say about what had passed, nuither to hts sou nor to his wife, Aud now he was ou his way to'the mere with his mates ; with Skokau, whom * warning ag-.iiust him had reached, but who, uiivertHeleao, believing ia his pte>i om fidelity, had given the warning no credcuce. His other mates trusted him, to J, Novak and Jarosh. Zinka was sure of it, avid it pained him the more that lie had b?trayed them; They were making their way now through the thickets downwards from the higher grouud. A few hundred steps aud they wero on the vd co of the wood. A narr J tv ribboa of meadow lay before them, and beyond it, surrounded with russos aud reels, the black surface of the Widi mere; blick, because thu *k.' was strewn with t'iiek, dark clouds, throng i Waich thi rays of tue moon, that had just men. glimmerod only now and tk-n for a ni nue il. Two of the poachers undid the bundle of rods which they had brought, bound them in pairs, in the form of a croea," and fastened Upon tupir -ends strong note which they took out of their bigs. The nets thus constructed .hoy fastened to the cuds of tho twp poles. ? A few word« .spoken softly, and then they silently took different ways to. the different parts of the-mere. . ¡ The mere, lying in a hollow, .was ip tho' form of an- acato angled triangle, whose sharpest angle pointed towards the west. The dam at the other cud lay toward* the east. The poachers caine out of the wood direct against the apex of tho triangle. Skokau limped along the northern sid'*, aud wi'.h him Jarosh with the hot. Ou the southern side were Z;nka ead. Novak*. They all looked for the places whew the openings ia the basho* offered a path into the water. , t Threb of tho poachers had uo suspicion at that moment that in the thick, deafy branches of ' the alders, that ; stood . dark around the borders of the pool, and in* the shadows of the tingled willows, ,wero hidden the Count's game- keopers'iA'id wood uen. Only Zinka knew that and sorely the upbraiding s of his conscience: tornieited him. For a mftneut he' thought: that ito might tike' his triâtes away from the daug.ir, but he retnemb iftid with a shudder the ' fou-'teeti years' inili tsry e'er'vice and ? the lost? «rms and'íég*» Whou he replied the pond the chill of tho water 'was f-mud cöihfortiug <tii "his fevered 'blood. Otily 'ft/teen 'steps'from the rushes the Water was cléat, wuera the carp' coîtii? to feed ih the night. There th*^'poachers' let- doWn' /their uets,* in which, ' when -they . were,' after! a short time, lifted from the water, there ' were always (several large fish. ? / ' Ztnka's hand trembled as he lifted the slippery carp out Of the net atid put them into bis bag.- Evpry instant 'lie " expected the game-keepers and woodmen'hiding j themselves aottd the alders Would present themselves bof«re his oyos. Novak's face bHghfcf»ned with pleasure «t theètKB.of the fish. Skokan sud Jarosh Were , for- tunato, too. On' bpi h ' sides of the Water the carp'we^e travi lling rapidly - ont of the ' mere of their l>»rd and master, thc Count, in the bag of the poachers. . lu tile valley round tho mero nut a sound of living thing was audible* only the reeds, bout by the wind, rustled tig-îther as did the dark leaves of the alders aud the taagled brauches of the willows bending down over the rushes, i aud, at a little distance, the ceasëles i whispering of the pine forest was audible. The darkness was profound. But the quick eyes of the poachers, accustomed to the gloom aud practised to 'recognise objects in the darkness, cautiously stole around, even at the busiest moments of their labour, spying keenly,* and seconded by sharp hearing, to observe the approach of any danger. Soddenly the hoot, of an owl souuded through the silence of the night. It floated over to Zinka and Novak from the north. "Both of them instantly, as if they had been strack by a shot from an invisible weapon dropped their fish, stooped down to their nocks in the water and bid themselves against the high reeds. A short time and again the hoot -was repeated. Novak crouched against the reeds, softly and and silently drew the net to himself, cat off the net from the rods with a knife and twisted it around his neck. Then he softly let thé rods and the pole go in the water. He knew that the hoot! of .= the owl had really come from Skokan, who, in a dim shimmer of the tnoou's rays 'peep- ing for a moment throngh the torn clouds had seen with his quick eye a gun- barrel glisten among the branches of the alders. In an instant lie had guessed that the mere was surrounded and had giveu-the owl's hoot as a warning sign to his com- panions to take flight. « Crouched against the high : reeds,' the' Eoáchers could not now see what was oiug done around the mere. They-oduld not see the game-keepers creeping out of the thick bushes on both sides, near the apex of the mere, nor how they came along the bank« in order to cat off the retreat to the woods. . ?.? ? Í " " The forester lind, tile game-keepers, in Ibo'lmuVie'ttt'óuQ of 'whom tkoUoug'guu had glistened, waited, listening breath- lessly tu hoar tito splash somewhere in the pool. They had rocaguisei the owl's hoot as an imitation and knew that that was a sign for flight among the poachers, whom they had seen arrive and wnde into the n.)oL Tho one of then» who recog- nised the limping Skehan had permission from the forester to shoot at him. At the others they wore not to shoot under auy circumstances. Tho poachers, gass sing that the game keekers wouhl wait for them near tbe upper part of the pool, couched down to their necks in the water, waded cautiously al mg the reeds in a i eastward direction, downward towards the dau, ia hopa of getting out of fie mere a id taking Hight to the wood. * Saving their bags filled with carp was not to IM thought of. They lat thom go in til i WVOI-, and the carp struggled aud wriggled iii tho bags until they succeeds 1 at last in ge ting out tbs sama way thoy went itt. Softly and cautiously the poachers crept, along thrungli the water, so as not to disturb it, lost they should bo betrayed by Hie splashing. Skokan and Jarosh, having waded first of all ahmt a thousand steps by the side of the rushes, crept out intpthe deep. There, hidden by the' darkness, and by tho mist that rose from the mere, they swam silently forward in the.dark, where it was impossible for any human eye to descry them f rom the bank downward toward the dam. )V"hen they reached it they crept iu among1 the alders, pushed their way through them to, t he top . of the dam, crossed it on ¿ll fours, ana slipped. down bahind the thicket where they wore safe. They were not together. .Neither'' knew' anything 'of' tbs1 other. Skokau, with bis lame leg, bad dropped behind in swimming. At that inpotent: tbè wind for au instant cleared the clouds from the'sky around the moon,' aud the mood, a few clays past the full, shone ont clearly over the mere and the wide woodB. (' On the southern side of the mere; about balf Way on the dara. Novak crept ont oE the rushes, leaped tip on 1 the ' bank, and ' like a frightened stag; shot- with monster' strides across the meadow iufo the woods aPd'disAppanred. The game-keepers saw him plainly, but it'Was impossible to catch him. ' . .' l\ ?" ' ' s /' .'? Ziuka, tel, had crept far from' thé place wliWe they bad caught the carp, and wailed for the' clouds' to cover thé .moon* tó take asimilar flight to the woods. He was greatly distressed, both with JanKiety about bis companions and the paiu that bis wound gave him. The bandage bad slipped of it, and the sand and the mud baa ! got iu.His foot;."had "swollen con- siderably, arid painel him se cruelly that more than once he was near swooning. He wetted bife face with cold water to keep away -' the,' sensations of faintness. Meanwhile he waited momentarily-, with a ieverish terror, the repirt of & gan, which would bring down one of his mates, either to the earili er the depths of the m.ire. Crouched np to his neck in the filter against the lofty reeds, he folded hlif liands, swolled with the.cold water and looked np into the sky, In which the blick clouds hurried in dark flight from wost to east, prayed with a wild fervour, "O tied, give ray mates a chance of gotting away safely !" ' Once more the heavy clouds veiled the scáue in impenetrable darkness Ziuka raised himself. But scarcely had be got upon bis feet when he became aware of a burning pain which seemed to mount from his wonud to his lietd. lt was im- possible to tread upon that foot. But fly m must ! The garao-keapers would lot him go iE lie cried out, but that he dared not do, lest his mates should know that he bad betrayed them. Anxious to avail himself of the momen- tary gloom, he waded cautiously ont of the water and the thick, sticky mud, and, parting with his hands the rustling weeds, emerged at length on the high bauk and, Um mug. made his way with long springs towards tho woods. . Su 1 dy again tho clouds, broke. Tho in tim -1 me out in all her brightness, lighting i he mysterious dim woods, and gi cam tug iu silver threads upon the mere, rippling beneath the wind. The .sadden brightness filled the flying poacher with alarm. With a great effort he hastened with all his strength his halting steps. At that momenta red light gleamed in his eyes. In the quiet of the night the report of a gun rang out startingly, and rolled on,-repeated by the echoes of the . woods, till it finally died away. The mo- ment after the shot Zinka stumbled as if he had been struck by lightning. In the light of the moon his form stood out black .against the grey meadow, close by. a thicket. Several times he mastered him- self by an effort, bntat last rolled over, os a stifled groan broke from bis lips pressed against tho damp moss.- Then everything was quiet and the dark body laystill. » Near the place whence the shot was fired a short whistle sounded and was answered from the other side of the mere. It was the sign of the gamekeepers that their hunt; waa ehdod< ':? >,t, i r . 1 keepera and woodmen gathered tn a km round one who whispered : " Tiiat limping beast will gire us i more trouble." " Skokan r"' asked one. He rolled over ; didn't you soo?" " At last !" said another.. None .of them went near the wound« man. lest he ¡should recognise them an give evidence against them .{or more like! try to rere:ige himsolf. Leaving the men they took their way through tho dar woods. The report of the gun made the tim poachers hid lou in the wood start: Á ot the n knew that one of their compai ions had been «hot at. Skokan and Jarosl hidden under the dam, know that the she mast have bsen fired at Zinka or Noval being nearer, was sure that it was fired a Zinka. Nearly an hour passed. Novak listone anxiously to assure niniself that the game keepers had really gone, au I hearm nothing more of them, ventured at las ont of the thicket. He was soaked to tb skin aud' was shivering with fear am cold. Cautiously he looked around th meadow and soddenly stopped, rooted t the ground with horror. About fort steps off a man with uncovered head sa ih the moonlight near a thicket. He wa pressing 'both hinds to his face, nm : moaning as he rocked himself from rig). to left. *. O my Gol, my God !" The: he fell'flat on' his back and his hand dropped powerless at bis sides, t The moonlight 'shone , «»ut inoré' elealj aud .Novak'' recognised Zinks. A fe* steps, without ' considering whether hi was in danger or not, and he knelt oh th* grass by hi3 side. In a stifled voice Zink was whispering io himself, " Jesus Maria, Joseph P that err of the ptasau in his tnotheuts of agony. Suddenly Novak remembered hi wonted/caution of a poacher. Quickly Eassiug his left ann beneath Ziuka'i noes and his right arm around hi shoulders, he lifted him aud ran awa] with him to the woods. There he laic him down upou the mosB aud asked hiin Where are you woauded ?" ' " Oh thB right side, iu the ribs/' whig pered JSiaka, and added. "Nothiogha< happened tb the rest of yon, please God !" After a time he whispered, pressing hi« hand to his breast, "I shan't live ; thej hàvè settled'me." r Novak pat his thick's froUen hands ia hts |ips and imitated the cry of au owl, "Ta.whoo;tW-whrtór ? . ' -i Bending down again over the wonudöd mari, lie took out of hw Pocket à well corked bottle, opened it, and Said1: >' '« Tastes little p>wd>r, mate, ït will drive ont thé álibg." Zincs took the bottle itt his weak left hand, lifted it to his month, and poured on his tongue a few grains of gunpowder, rolled them in his mouth for - a few tnorheuts abd swallowed them.' That is with the . Bohemian poachers a favourite preventive against the evil conséquences of a wound. " It is no g iod," whispered Zinka. With a sad smile he went on ; " The shot has gone into my Inugs." And, as he spoke he coughed and the Wool run out of his month. Again Novak imitated the hoot of aa cwl, and this time the cry was answered from a short distance. The boughs of the pioes rustled, and presently Skokan appeared, pushing his way through the underwood " Zinka had received the whole charge in bis langa," Novah whispered i uto Skokan's ear. " lt seems to me they have finishod him.". Skokan bent over Zinka, saying : " It's I mate, Skokan." Zinka feeling with his left hand in the dark, touched Skokau's face. It was the touch of a hand of ice, and he spoke dis jointedly. " Mate-you're alive-please God-for- give-for Tommy's sake only child fourteen years-the gauntlet- ' He could say uo;more. There was a dnll. rattling sound in his throat. Skokaa could find no meaning for his words. Leaning toward Novak, he whispered, " He does not know what he is saying-; he is delirious. Spread ont the nets and we will'take him home." They spread out the nets, taking them from their necks an-1 laying them out one above the other on the grass. Opening them to half their breadth they laid the helpless Zinka in them, lifted np the ends of the nets, and proceeded into the depth of the wood. There they found a narrow path which wound like a snake. Many a time they had ' taken their way aloug ii, bending under the weight of tho fi«Ji ,tlioy liai stolon. Five times they had ' led, or carried home a wounded comrade. Zinka half lay and half sat in the net. Now and then he sighed, and the rattling sound was audible ia his throat. They proceeded thus for half an hour through tho thickest part of the wood, where the1 rays of tho moon were unable to pierce the brauchoB, though she shone now brightly. Presently, again, Zinka began to murmur some unintelligible words. " Keep omet, mate," said; Skokan, "Tou'U be all right presently." >. « war1 , It seamed that. Zinka heard, for he re- mained still. The poachers hastened as mach as,they could. At last a light ap- peared before them, and after a little While they were on the edge of the wood. The moon shone down clearly with her soft light, thc wind had dropped the sky was cloud lees. Where tho path joined the road they laid down their burden on the soft, fresh grass moistened with dew. -The moon* light fell' straight oa Zinka's face. It was white as liuei. A face carved iu ivory might.'? have looked so. With' a sudden start Skokan put his hand to tho pale cheek. It wás cold as ice, stiff and stark. In the glassy eye, that seemed to start from its socket, the dim moonlight reflected itself glitteringly. " Jesus, Maria ! It's all up with him," exclaimed Skokau. . . . Starting up, Novak caught bis ? hair with both hands, as if he would with a single wrench tear it from his skull. . "The woman and the lad will go mad," said Novak.' He was silent for atnomeut and then asked, more as if . speaking to himself than to hts mate. " But bow did the game-keepers guess that we were !goiug tô-night^-" He stopped, »lid con tauued, ina cautious voice, almost as if he feared lest the de.id man should* bear his ffordsi "Skokau, what Frsutishkv said was true, then." " I thought of that, mate, too, bot Qed ?.knows," said Skokau, as if loth to judge the dead man. ¡ -.. <? " You are Wie stronger," said Skokau, .* carry 'bim'hom1*, 'Tis<notftr»; I will go in front and tell bis wife that there has been ail accident/' ? > \ He rose from the ground as he spoke arid limped ¿way. . ¡ . i Novak drew together tho four corners of the net with both ha--.ds, knelt down by the corpse, and then, turning away from it, t'irew it up np m his back, rose, balanced himself, aud proceeded with his burden along the laue. : Gu his'right, *the : bead and one baud of the dead man bang : ont .of the bèt.< Ou the other side jogged it wet; niked foot. Aud ¿at the* same' time, billie dim depths lot the-wood, Sounded the ' melodious song of the thrush welcomtng the approaching dawn. ¡ - ? '. : Hewassoou iu sight'of the cottages. Already a fire fiad been lighted 4n one 06 them. . Towards that kè directed : bis steps/ Some dog», baék'tng wibilyi, ran pot to meet -him, tben, irecoguislug >;h"im,: Were . silent and sniffed* et hts < bardeú. i From the' cottage Skdkan ' came¡ out to nieet him, add they both of them took the dead niau !iu their arms. i-¡ ¡. : «\ ' '''Theythink íhe :is only iwounded,'*. Whispered Skokau hurriedly. . .{ ñ : ' A "Woman batf-dressed, . barefooted and With' her hair'in -wild disorder,d!ollowed almost At ßkokan'«* heels. It was^ZinkaV Wife. Sbe had her eon *with bèr, and from the Ups of frith of them broke¡ the' wildi 'heart- piercing peasant cry»¡ " Jesús, Metía, Joseph!" ; The' Wailing son helped the poachers to carrr his fsther. ? ' .?-><?'? ;< ? "'{^always told him it wopld end like this one day," «aid the ' Woman. ''Ahl palling bim " Joseph, Joseph 1'r she put down ber hand to bis face. - ? ? In auiustaut she drew it back. . " The five woonda of the Lord Christi : He is as cold as ice !" , ¡: The poachers carried their mate into thèf ? little room, where the flickering restless flame of the resinous pine danced on the .heath. They laid him on a bed, A eiugle lock at the glassy eyes, in which now the red flame of the pine wood pictured itself, sparkling and glistening, as the moonlight had done in the road, and. Woman and boy, as if a flash of lightening had struck them to the earth, fell , on their knees, beside the bed, in Wild, harsh tones, shrieking rather than crying, "Jesus, Maria! Jesus, Mariai" Then a wailing wihout words, broken' and piercing, filled the little chamber. ' The poachers stood by the hearth look- ing now at their dead companion, now at weeping wife, now at the sobbing son, The same gloomy thought haunted, them both. Perhaps some dark night their end Would be the same; The minutes passed. ' The -May light' crept into ihe. room. Skokan turned his face toward the hearth, and looked thoughtfully at the sinking flames. Then he pat on another pine log. The fire took fresh life and burnt up again. "Again the dogs barked. Slow steps came across the yard, and Jarosb walked into the room, unable to find his matée, he lind returned borne, ¿ad seeing the light, had come to Zinka'scottage. , The womau and youth did not notice. With a few signs and half a doren Words bis mates enlightened bim as io what had happened. Thon for a while they took counsel softly. After that Novak and Jarosh went away. Skokan sat down on the bench by the hearth. The pine-log flames flickering recklessly, flared np and fell, and in their shifting light it seemed to Skokj« that the face of the dead man smiled* coldly, and then again was contorted with pain. lu half an honr Jarosh returned, having changed bis, clothes. He sat down in tökokoh's place by the hearth. Skokan limped home. The eastern skyfv fyaiJ \ . '«_é.b.,JlÍMt&kZ; coloured with the red light of dawn Jarosh, sitting do*u at the hearth, took ti .eoal.Jfrith which he lighted tito tobacco in his short wooden pipe and smoked, gazing ?pensively at the blue clouds which he blew from his lips. \- The wife and bey bad wept all tear* .ont of their weary eyes, but they were still «roached by the bed sobbing plaintively: Little suspicion had the sou that he wat the occasion of his father's death ! In au .hour or so it was known ia all the cot- tages that Ziuka was dead, shot, it wat: whispered. And the women said : ""That's how my man will end oue of tbesè days. I'm always telling him so.'1 The bailiff was in his office engaged in looking over his accounts when the fores- ter came in with the news. " Well, we've g >t rid of that limping, poaching b*ast. Skokan. Ono of the game-keepers finished him off with a .shot," "Then Zinka did not deceive us,*' said tlie bailiff eooly. " We will save his sou from being enlisted." The subject was soon dropped, and they talked of som- thtug else. Prosently some one came in at the door, sud they turned to see who it was. Pale as ghosts the bailiff and forester stood staring as ii they had been turned to stone. On.the «other side of the table, at which the reate ?.were paid, patting down his silver florins, «stood-Skokan. . The conning bid fox, in order to ¡giv« an impression that he had no knowledge at all of what had taken place the prévi- ens night, had limped up cooly and humbly to pay his rent. His exporieuced eye saw that there was something . amiss, bat ,he had no suspicion of the truth, For a moment the bailiff and the ' forester believed they saw a ghost. " I humbly kiss your honour's hand,'1 he said, bending his back in au awkward bow. "I carno to pay the rent and thi tax," aud turning his rough hat ia hu hands he Ipoked at the floor. . The bailiff wrote the receipt in hit book, and Skokan, carefully placing it ii the pocket of his shabby, knitted jersey, .once more bowed, and repeating. '". I kial your honour's hands" left the office. The bailiff turned to the fores! er. "Theenrsed thief," said the latter, M ] myself saw him fall when the man shot al him. He must have thrown' himserj down on purpose to mike us thjok that we "had' hit him. We'll have him some day. - . Later in the day the country doctoi came io. He had been seat for, hie said to see the dead body of Joseph -Zinka, a peasant, who had died of a gunshot thc previous night. He had hie foot'wounded, too, apparently from having trodden bp something sharp. The bailiff and thc forester exchanged a glance. " He is no great loss," said the forester when the doctor was gone. '* A thief anda poacher." As thc doctor had boen called in. a sort of inquest was net on foot., The bailiff was foremost in it, and that v<Vry day went down to question Zinka's, wife, but could not ascertain nothing except that Zinka had came home from so- no- where, wounded, and had so m afterward died, And that was all that over come ont. On the fourth day thi man was buried, and the reports of the invstigi tion lie somewhere overol with dust and mould. Zinka, however, bad sav«d hts *o-t. The lad /Was no-v his mother's only snpnort, and so exempt. He kept awav from poaching, too, warnod by his father's death. Skokan, Novak, and Jarosh, shocked by the fate of their mate, abstained for â fow weeks from the Count's fish ponds. But the impression of the grisly adventure gradually became weaker, and after a time their old passion for poaching gained the victory, and they weat back to the mere just as if nothing had happened. Two years afterwards Skokan disap- peared. In the autumn a fleshless skeleton was found at the bottom of one of tho big meres, and it was generally supposed to be the remains of the limping poacher. Novak and Jarosh knew that it was so. Tbeybad seen the shot fired at Skokan standing np to his armpits in the Water. The" ¿wp surviving poachers, when they were old, wore rheumat ic, the consequence of the frequent wadiug at nighty aud walking'.'IsQlhèïr icy clóthes_thróugh the freezing morning mist to their distant homes. Bent double and scarcely able to move their joints, tho old sinners,. .unable any longer to poach on à large scale, would betake themselves to the neighbour- ing streams and catch small fish with a rod, and meanwhile narrate to each other the great catches of the days of their youth. Sitting on the bank under the shadow of the willows, watching^ with their Adim eyes the float dancing In tho water, tWey talked of their former mates who were now gone "there." Thoy re- minded each other of how they had com» to go " there," and if ever Zinka and his fate rame iuto their memories they shook their hoads, remarking that "there Was «om» hitch in it that limo," 