THE NEW TREASURE HUNT. (fUOJE THIS NEW REVIEW.) xowarus tno onu 01 tins mourn u n uo ex pedition will sail from Southamton on ono of those golden quests which for u good many years past nono hut tho novelists Imvo en gaged in. Tho destination of tho expedition is (not to uumo it too particularly) a tiny island, lying amidst “ tho foam of perilous seas,’5 uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And tho object of tho expedition is to search | for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which h believed to have been buried on tho island moro than seventy years ago. An emprise so romantic, sending us right back into tho days when tho trade routes of tho sea wero marked out by tho blood which tho pirates had spilled on them, scorns delightfully out of keeping with imago in which tho Stock Exchange or tho 33mu\so is tho chief tbeatro of tho treasure hunter’s opomtions. Iror thin is pirates’ gold that is buried in this desolate oueau isle, and the expedition that is to sail in a fow weeks’ time will bo a real treasuro hunt. There is a history attached to it already, and it is rather curious. Lot us begin with tho pirates, by whom tho treasuro was buried. To put one’s money by and make it breed, which financial people, doing a moro or less legitimate business iu stocks and such things, consider a prudent ! policy, Booms, on tho whole, to have been one of tho most imprudent policies when tho business was piracy. Aviso pirates, when thoy had taken a goodly prize, rau with it to tho nearest safo port, and mado themsolvoB unrecognisably drunk on tho proceeds. Unlimited rum, and an occa sional stabbing bout, to keep their hands iu against tho day when business would bo resumed, mado tho pirates ns happy us they wished to bo; and when thoy hud spent their booty, and recovered from tho dcliviun trcmcM) they went on. board again, ran up tho “ Jolly Itoger,’; mid waited' for another, prize. Tho foolish pirates were thoso who I went and hid their stolen talents in tho earth, for «o surely as they did this, tho next vessil I thoy chanced upon was a mau- of-wur, which carried them homo to bo Iniugcd, a dozen in a row. Deep sunk in many a desert islo, in many un ocean, thero must bo millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jowcls and precious stones galoro, which tho gentlemen of fortuuo who hid thorn there, and who havo loug sinoo rotted | in chains at harbour mouths, woro nover ftblo to go back for. Honco tho treasuro hunts of days more7 enterprising; but somehow, tho treasures wcro not unearthed. The island was tumid, or the spot on i...», mainland, but the chart win* not quite correct, or not quite correctly interpreted; or provisions run sjiort before tho booty eonld lw dug up; or ti storm prevented tho bouts from landing; ortho crew mutinied; or tho treasure - seekers quarrelled and slow each other—tho spoil was never taken. The crow who inul away tho loot that tho new expedition is to sen roll for seem to have been in all respects a typical gang of sea robbers, They ran out from Southampton about seventy years ago, in a smart schooner, excellently built for speed. Thero wore Englishmen, Italians, Greeks, and a Turk— “hot boys, nil on ’em”—and tho skipper wont by tho name of Old Hell tiro. Their ostensible business was palm oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on board. They shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laid tho schooner away across the ‘Western Ocean. Eover broke out amongst tho blacks, the captain dosed thorn with laudanum, and the crew dropped thorn overboard. When in liquor Captain Hollflro used to take j potshots ut his men with a pistol, 1 and, ns his aim was fairly good, he stieucedcd nt last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. They roso against him ono night, ami two of tho Greeks held him while one of tho hinglish struck him through tho bank with a steel mnrliiisiiike. Ho was bandied into tho sea ; the mato was sent over tho side after him ; tho skipper’s murderer was voted oaptain in his place, ami the “Jolly ltoger” ruplaeud the hinglish colours at tho masthead. !-tunning south, they caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded iter, drowned tile crow, mid emptied the ship of her rich contents. There was a Jew dealer amongst tiie passengers, whose baggage con sisted ehielly of diamonds and rubies, so that prise must ltavo been worth the tailing. Butthoso pirates woro foolish. They sailed with their troasuru, to an uninhabited island known to tho oaptain, nnd there they buried it. Their limit, however, was not yet exhausted ; they touk other vessels, blast Itidiamea and some smaller gamo, liilling all crews and passengers, and always .carrying tho best of tho plunder to their hidiug-plaue on tho isle. It was an apt spot to receive such blood-stained booty ; an utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, iiimp proaehablo, except with tho skilfullest mnmigemcnt of bunts ; a lonely place, shaken nnd torn by vulcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. Alt ideal smuggery, however, fur pirates’ plunder, and this out-throat erow mado a lino treasure island ot it, it such tlioro over were. But it was u. fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for tho l'ates woro always tleml against such conduct on tho part of gentlemen of fortune. Hero knowing hands would have run for tho Stales, realised tho swag, .got fresh papers, sailed homo innocently, divided tip, ami lived gal lantly on tho shares. Tito spoil of the l’ortii <-ucso sloop would have -made gentlemen of them till. Souio of tho gang thought as much, but tho skipper, whoso cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a triile more, and lie always had his way. And so it camo about that ono fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East ludiamau, and woro tackled themselves. It was not. often that tho East IiuUumuituf thoso 'days showed their teeth when the orossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (never ill working order), and a few cast-iron ltiue potmders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modern British bayonet. Yet these East Indiamcu had their hulds stored with indigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels nnd gold for tho dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal. States, and all other European markets. Eor once, however, hero was an East Itidiatiian well armed and plueltily manned. She faced the robbers, ran out her gnus, and gavo them a brisk good-day ; shot away their rudder, splintered their masts, and brought tho rigging about their cars. Thun she boarded, put the shackles on the twenty pirates who had survived tho engage ment, which took them off and lowered them info her own hold, whero they hud time to prepare their speeches for their lust public uppearanco in Execution Hock. Nineteen of tint twenty swung together on tho Island of Cuba. Tho twentieth contrived to get his neck clear, and in duo timo mado his way homo to England. IIo was alivo a few years ago, in tho North Country, and may he alivo to-day. At any rntfc, ho lived long enough to tell his talc, and to tell it with gusto. Ho was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret was thatj lie had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to tho treasuro island whore tho jewels lay hidden. Ho had mado careful working charts of tho navigable side of tho island, and marked down tho position of tho treasure, with good cross- bearings. But ho could never niiso sufficient money to pro vision so much us a fishing smack,, and worked oil in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition ho handed over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings and thu first chapiter of th romance closes hero. History and fiction both seem to show that tho chances are always against the trensurn sookers, and success is assuredly far from being a certainty in thu presont instance. Who, for instance, cati say positively that tho treasuro has not boon already removed ? That is, howover, an unlikely assumption, siiico tlioro is no reason to bolievo that, after the niuoteen pirates wero hanged, their secret was known to anymio ex cept tho twentieth who survived, and ho appears to have kept it jealously so long as tho ghost of a chnnco remained to him of turning it to liis own account. An nssitmp-. tion more pihiusiblo would be, that by the opieratiou of miturul forces the treasure has ero this been placed beyond thu reaoli of man. The pumice-stone and scoria on tho mountain ous volcanic rook slips steadily, and tho drop pangs of sovonty years (to mention no othor possible forces) must hnvo raised a big and solid tumulus above tho sunken hull, But this is ill all likelihoud flic chief danger to bo anticipated, as it will furnish tho chief labour to ho undergone; and with tho exact hearings of tho deposit in tho commander's possession it should bo no impossible task to reach tho 