Mow the liffer Kills and'Mats. Ih a paper read before the Bombay Natural History Soeioty recently, and pub lished in its journal, Mr, Inveiarity, a noted shikari, discussed the habits of the tiger, and especially the mode in which it kills and cats its prey. Some think ho seizes by the throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inveratity has ixaminad scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the thr.oat was seized from below. The exception wag an oid boar who had been aei/,td by tlifl back of the ncck from above. One of a . single fllo of villagers who was oncc seized by the nape of the neck by a man cater, butsaved by his companions, had no idea when ho recovered bis senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes nlncc is doubtful. The tamo hunting leopards always kill bj pressure on the windpipe, without break» ing the akin ; possibly the tiger kills in the Bftixio way, It is only by accident, if at fill, that tigers in killing never tin important vein or artery, and no blood to ppeak of flows from the throat*wounds. Very Juvge and powerful animal;" like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, aro in the iirst instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. IJavingkiiled, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a bind quarter, consuming one or probably both, Homit'roea he lcavta the stomach and intestine?) as they aro ; sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A'tjgar and a tigress together will I'mlfth au ordinal y sized animal at one meai, leaving only the head. In this ease it is probable that tbu second begins at tlio fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short diatanco. ? They aro not lifted clear of the ground; but dragged. HaviDg gorged himself,the tiger sometime* lies closo by his prey, but if it is hot weathci and there are hills in the neighbourhood, he will go a long distance olf before resting for the day. lie prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in the close hot jungle, IIo returns next night and finishes, what is left, but ho never eats ft second time on tho same spot, dragging'the remains o£ tho prey 40 or £/0 yards off, Hportsmen coming on a liulf-devourod animal and desiring to catch tho tiger, tic the prey to a tree. Tho ; tiger takes about two hours'steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock, Mr. Inverurity sat over a small tigress.one night who ato for ten minutes, then wont. away for twenty, probably to drink, and on he? return ato steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as he could not ,gce hor. Tigers are cannibals; they will make their 'meals off cach other. They are supposed , to kill once ii five or six day a, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does mb care to hunt much for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever ho can. They have been known to kill on II. consecutive nights. f/4Mr. Invernrity believes that animftls tilled by tigers suffer little beyond tho panic of a few seconds. The'shock produces a stupoi and dreaminess in which there is no sense ol pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of tho fore paw of the tiger is o fiction; he clutches with his clawg as one might with tho fingers, but does not strike o. blow. Tigera wander immense distaneea otnjgbt, and, as they like easy going', they goon roadi and paths. They do not like to move dur* * ing the haefc of tho day, ti3 the hot ground bums their pads and makes them raw. Thej can on occasion climb trees. In Salaette one climbed after a ceitain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re* tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward home, but on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandor . died of the tiger eating him ; there was n» other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which probably, bo longed to the right or left hand." Natim linvo a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 