PROFESSOR IVES ON "WAGNER AND HIS WORKS." The third of a series of musical lectures by Professor Ives was delivered on Thursday evening in the lecture-hall of the University in the presence of a large and well-pleased audience. The enbjeet dw— by the i*ufussof on this ooossion was '-Richard Wagner, bis Irife, aad Work," illustrated during tha coarse of the laetare by vocal and tnstru mentalsetections from ".Taanhauser" aad "The VUSrSetdbmta." Toe professor in his opening remarks said ft wouW be necessary for him to trace the growth of open to that his Mulienoe could the better understand the nature of that bold reformer, Wagner I*,1 *, aim* and achievements. He then pointed oat tha dif - ferenoea between grand opera,lyriaopera.roinao tio opera, and comic opera, and, continuing, said it wasw the Utter endofthe 16th eentary that a nnmber ol musicians met in the city of Florence with the view of reviving the old Greek lyrical drama, and that Oaenai and Peri, two singer* of the period, produced worka which formed the foundation of oar modem opera. Previously to thia the mosia tiaed throughout Kurope waa watton in the polyphonic style, which waa unfit for dramatic purposes. She operaa of Cscmni and Peri were in recitative throughout, free as to time, and designed ao aa to give the utmost power to the aooenta and the words; the words of the plays were taken and sang right through without repetitions in a kind of reeita • ire, the aimer being supported by oooaaiontl chorda on t^f inatnunenta then tn nee* No attempt was made to introduce tunes aad airs; the mtuio was regarded merely as an effect to heighten the drama, and the people 200 yean ago were satisfied with it. liatar oq compostca became dissatisfied with the subor dinate position occupied by mnaie, ani Monte verd was one of the first innovators who dared to introdoee harmonio combinations and progressions in dramatic motto. He en larged the orohestta, and added more impor tant accompaniments. Subsequent composers introdooed rbythnuo melodies, and began to repeat the word* of the drama when re quired for their tonea; aad ao the development went on, the music advancing in importance and the drama falling into the background, until the opera became a musical entertain ment to show off the ability of singers. A crisis came, hosrever, in the 18th century, when dock, an earnest mauoiss, set to work to reform the errors that had crept into opera. Be thought that mono should be the helpmate, not the matter of poetry and the «1 *•""?, and Giook wrote operas in whiob poetry, dramatic action, and mosic had its equal share in the general effect. The natural berne of the opera seems to have been Italy, jaat aa F-ff >«-"« seems to have become the natural home of the oratorio. Glack could Dot persuade Italian composers to adopt his views, and at the, beginning of the present century the position of tbe opera waa not much changed from that.wtaioh it bad oooupied prior to Ida advent, The time came, however, when a champion of troa art waa found, when a man arose who was superior to public favor and opinion, and his coming caused aa much consternation among the worshippers of the old Italian opera as did tbe earning of our Saviour among the Jews of old, William Richard Wagner waa born in 1818, at an old home called the Bed and White Lion in beipag. His father died when he waa 8 years old, and his mother married again, his stepfather, Ludwig Geyer, being an actor and playwright. Geyer died when young Wagner was 10 years old, but his profession may have had some effect in leading Wagner's ideas towards musio and the drama. .At eohool Wagner was taught Latin and Check, showing a proficiency in the latter. He waa also taught English, and beoaau aeqnamtffl with Shakespeare's works, of which be was ao passionately f and that at 14 he wrote a tragedy planned in a most elaborate scale. It was a cross between Hamlet and King Laar, jtndwasto oonatst of fire acts. So intensely .trafricwasitthat at theend of the fourth art all tbe characters (II in number) were killed off, but Wagner waa sarong in his determination to have a fifth act, so be made all hi* characters aigear again aa ghosts, and Ana got over the difficulty, He ant toned his attention to music, and then conceived tbe idea of setting his tragedies to music Wagner was judiciously assisted by his weemd musio master Wemlioh, who perceived the marks of genius in him, and placed before him good models, aad helped to form the boy's tastes in a right direction. Wagner beard and perused Beethoven's works with enthusiasm, and of ten in after life did he acknowledge she great influence which Beethoven's writings bad over him. Ptofaswrlves then went on to relate • nnmber ofiirtensting tacts in the great oom- S serfs life—how he waa engaged aa leader of s Madgeburg light opera troupe, and dis gated with the petty annoyances of his position determined to write Ms opera, nil subject being "Biena, the l*st of tbe Tribunes." Tnis work was written to gain public favor in Paris, for wraoh city be Baued with his wife, and three times tbe vessel waa needy wrecked. He could not set his opera produced in Pads, and to save himself and his wife from actual starvation Wagner had to take to arranging music from popular operaa for the unmet and other kinds of drudgery. " Hunzt" difiered little from the other operas of tbe day, bat impressed with his experience* at sea Wagner comm moed another work on a grander scale, ** Tbe riving X>ubdmiu."whiehueaentukUy? poeticilwork, and in which he discarded all the oUT conven tional forma, and would not even ate the title " opera, "botenbrtitntad that of "mnsie drana." InthT^HlsJwg Dntohman- was to be blended tbe drama, poetry, musio, scenery, and anting —and tbe beat of each, so that he looked to pos terityfoTitaptopertOTreeiation—benoe the sou briquet in vented by hu adversaries and adopted by I1??"— lt, " The composer of the music of the future." Eventually Wagner's opera of "Bienri" was produced at the Dresden Theatre under hu own supervision, and he was appointed conductor of the Royal opera in that city. Wagner's progress was now checked by a storm of invective that broke out over tbe whole art world of Germany when "Ta?cbiUser" was produced; and hu very force of charantwr made him many enemies. Siegers, players, audience, critics, and com poeerswece opposed to him, and tbediffioal tiee attending the production of bis works set tbe managers against him also, "Twmhsnier" being refused as "too epic." But Wagner was indomitable in his views and his industry, and bis gemus was again evoked in the c imposition of tbe grand work "Jjobeasifn." Becoming involved in politics, he bad to take refoge in Switzerland, where be published a series of political and stthetioal pamphlets, which made him known to the worlds* a scholar as well as a musician, and ably maintained the tenets of his art. Eventually Wagner by the force of character and genius compelled the muoosl world to give him a fair hearing, and per formances of his works followed in all parts of Europe. "Jjobeagrin" was performed at Weimar under Idszt in 1850, and the work (performed without cuts) made a powerful im pression, as Idf zt had invited musical and literary friends from all parts of Europe to be present. In 1866 Wsguer was solicited to act as conductor to the Tiondon Philharmonic Society, and accepted the position for a while, and he afterwards went to Venioe and completed the composition of "Tristan," and then be re turned to Paris. In 1861 he waa permitted to return to Germany, where be waa received with enthariatm. and in 1654 was called to Mnnicb. His operaa were to be beard right and left, but he could not live on the proceeds, and waa actually in a state of penury. It is gratifying to know, however, that the doting days of this great man's career witnessed such a triumph of right over might as mutt have re paid Wagner for all bis earlier disappoint ments. In the celebrated opera " Der Bins der Kibelunger" Wagner's views ' reached their full development,! and the ideals of Peri and Oaceuni ware at but achieved—now, at last, poetry, music, scenic effect and dramatic action were placed on equal footing. The last of Wagner's works was "Parsifal,* and he was in bis 66thyear when be commenced thematic to this poem, which was finished in IBBt It was on February 18, 1883. that this great genins, this supreme master of instrumentation was cut off by death, and it is gratifying to know that his later years were soothed by the accumulation of wealth and the knowledge that bis works had net with appreciation by the musical world, and by those best qualified to judge of their teal andfeteat value. Tbe fol lowing is tbe programme of illustrative music performed:—Overture fDsmihanser). piano and organ, Mrs, Thomas King, Miss WaittelL and Professor Ives; song. " O star of live" (Tann hauler), Mr. Q. V. Wood; piano solo, "Spin ning song" .(Tannriaiiser). Wagner-liUzt, Mrs. Thomas King; aong, "Elizabeth's prayer" (Taunhaiiser), Una Jjney Stevenson; piano solo (overture), "flying Dutchman," Miss FranxnkaPuttma?n. All these nomberi were well performed, and received with great appro bation by the audience. We hope that next season the professor will deliver another series of musical lectures. 