NiR. AND MRS. ]IOW1'SER. BY Mos. Bowsun. (DUrTIIOIT Fle?aE PUiESa). At 1 o'c:hk the other afternoon I aceident ally (aught night of Mr. Dowsersku!king about the back yard. IL, had acted very rentless at dinner-time, and I at once felt that some thing was wrong. A caller came and I could not get out to the barn for half an hour, andt then it was too late. A lornc stood In the taill, and Mr. Dowser stood looking at the horse. " hIve vonl-ou- ," I gasped. "IHave I what ?" " 1olught another horse, after those two draaldful failures ?" " Dreadful failures! I bought one horsme and he objected to the neighbourhood. The other liked thue ncig.hhllou:hood, but you objected to his colour." " Mr. Iowoer, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one. you know, and you will surely got swindled." " Swiwlhr ! I get swindled on a horse! Mrs. BIowser, thle man who can swindle omon ahorse hua yet to Ih lrnl ! I know 'aem from ears to heels. I can read 'emn like so many books. We tieud a horse. Here was a chance for a great bargain, and I improved it." " I'mi so-so sorry !" " That's just like you, buttt I can't help it. I don't lprol~se to throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for 200dol lotd just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300dol. I wouldn't take •Illi0tol. for him a hoe stands there." I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Ultwner followed me into the house, and said: "Jlust wait ta week, and if he doesn't turn out all right I'll sell him for the 800dol. and give you the extra l00dol." Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Ilowser telephoning about condition powders, bran- umashes, too-weights, quarter-boots, hand. holders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about 50dol. worth of those things. Twice in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and be was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beamns of daylight. Ife canme into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced: "Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast." "You don't moean itl!" "Dut I do. Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." fHe had borrowed a neighlbour's cutter and Iholls, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make our start from the barn, and when I got out there I found a lengthy, raw.honed, wild-eyed equine ptawing the floor and working his eanr, ant anxious to be off. " lie looks dangerous," I said, after watch. ing him a minute. " So does a stuffed lion, but lie isn't. IIow over, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go." " Mr. Dowser, you are :ts pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him your self." " W--what! Afraid of him, or any other horse living! You can't go with me, Mrs. Uowser ! Go right into the house !" I hold the horse while he shltt the barn door, ant I sized the animal up as ta vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. lBowser go alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but he glared at mo and replied: "IHave you gone clean daft ? This horse is as gentle as a ralbit, and I'd as soon lot the baby drive hitu. Whoa, Claudius! Now you mlay go." But Claudius didn't go. Hie pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet, and seemed to have struck a circus. " Is this at blooded horse ?" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. HIe's ia Fearnaugliht." " Then he doesn't fear us, does lie? And do Fearnauglht horses always go through these cunning tricks before tlhey start off ?" " Keep still ! Go on, Claudius !" Claudius dropped down oni all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and scnd the dash. board of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnot I saked Mr. Bowser if Ithe hadn't better let the Itaty drive. Just theoa the beast started. HIt started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gtavo oto the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the nost yard. After getting a start the horse laid hiraself out for a runt, andtt as I realised ithis I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like tions : SIIe was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't lieo? This is only hli way of getting down town. isn't it ?" " le's running away !" shouted Afr. Bowseor, as his hlat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. "llut you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace !" Wlhatever else could be said against the horse he was at runner. ioe had a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, atldl ho ididn't stop to count the cost. IIow we managed to dodge street ears, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and IMr. Bowser was looking for ia soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and whllen I brought hint up to the curbsttneo a policeman had to lift Mr. liowser out and give ln ait swal low of cordial to brace him up. "I had him almost stopled when a cramp caught me," explained iMr. Bowser to the crowd. " hats!" called half a dozen voices. " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that!" "Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute !" "Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby hoerso!" Mr. Dowsorand I went homo on the car. We didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to a:y much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on mei with : "Nosw, lten, cxplain your conduct!" "What?" " In inatching those lines out of my hMtin and trying to maine a heroine of yourself ! IMrs. Bowser, there isa limit to all things. You have reached that limit ! I may not be home again this week i" Iutt lhe was. Indeb:ed, Ie has been very humble over since. ire got rid of the horso next day, gave me nolloey for ai spring Iorlnet, and it is mutually underatood that we dotl't refer to tie past. The riorld (20th rarchl) write.:--" Unl-' an substaintil ahdtition is maitle to the yte?art;t, caitattiols erantt the force will disrolve." MIr. Stanley L:nc-I'ool-, bioegraplher of Lord Stratford de ]lelclifle, is editing Pir Georgo towecn's rcminiceneces of hIis cclonlial Oovernor. ships. 