CHAPTER IV. " Tbere moved my miracle, there passed my fate, Whom to see is to love." What strange magnetic power, or what association of ideas with that delicate fragrance that exhaled from the garments of the ghost made Thorp's right hand so tremble that he oonld scarcely strike the matoh he held, while with his left arm he olaBped a woman's Blender waist so tightly that even struggling was no longer possible for her. There was a snap, a flare of light from the Inciter, and Thorp saw, close to Mb own ehoulder, a faoe with gloriouB eyes, sparkling with mingled fear and wrath, delicate cheeke, flashed by the night wind and the straggle, the hood of a black macintosh oloak flung back, and soft cloudy hair spangled with drops of rain, " Miss Bellingham 1" Thorp cried in emothered toneB, tortured by a thousand Ben Bations and fears at once, fiat in that moment of startled recogni tion she had wrenched herBelf free, the matoh went ont, and the lady vanished. Thorp felt bis way to the hall table and lit a candle. On the floor lay a mask, still grinning and shining. He picked it np, and found it waa oovered with some composition which was luminous in the darkness, fie threw it down and stamped it into a thousand fragments, whioh he then wrapped in paper and pnt in his pocket to be burned in the first fire he bsw. fie went slowly up stairs, almost wishing that he had never been born rather than have lived to know what now he knew. He oonld not make np his mind to lie down and rest if he could not sleep ; he wandered np and down the wind ing passages in misery which every moment aggravated. Miss Bellingham not only stooped to personate a ghoat, bnt it was ehe who had crept ont to meet a man ia the shrubbery at midnight. He ground his teeth and thought of what the woman mast be who had been the first to inspire in his proud yonng heart the dawning of a genuine love, fiy-and by as bo thonght of (sir Stephen Tregarthen, lying there and letting himself fade out of life, absolutely longing to die for the sake of this unworthy woman, he felt Mb heart wrung in the strong grip of pain, pain for another even more than for himself. The horror of hie own thoughts thickened npon bim as the blaok honrs passed slowly in dismal train. He oonld not but remember how little her employers could have known of Miss Bellingham's antecedents, and that from the time she had been admitted into the house Sir Stephen had began to droop and pine. He remembered the existence of osrtain symptoms whioh had pnzzled and made him nneasy; he remembered how Ma oommon sense had been revolted by the idea that a man oonld reBolve to die of baffled love and carry ont hie deBign, Could there have been fonl play? What was this horrible mystery that seemed to be nnravelling Itself before his eyes ? Was some human agency at the bottom of Sir Stephen's illness, and oonld it be that Miss Bellingham, who knew herself to be loved by him, was trying; to work him ill? What oonld be her motive? Though be constantly drove away hie grow ing euBpioion, as something too awful to be harboured, the remembrance of the presenoo of that man with whom he had struggled in the garden, that man who was unquestion ably in communication with Miss Belling ham, gave fresh and firm outline to Ms ghastly fears and suspicions. Thorp stood stock still in the darknesB, and beadB of eold sweat broke out on his forehead. Conid that drowned man have been the fellow she was meeting ? And had he wandered away to the jetty in the storm and fallen over into the sea? Could ehe have been stealing out to meet him to-night, not knowing of hie death? It was fearful. What tragedy must not underlie all this mystery! It was the longest, dreariest night Thorp had ever passed, but at last the tronbled dawn broke on his no less troubled thoughts, fie made his way in the dim light past the different bedroom doors in search of Miss Bellingham's apartment. He felt that he most speak to her, mnet tell herof the deathof the man who—he oonld not define hie own thoughts now—bnt he felt very sure that the news would have a peouliar, perhaps a fatal interest for her- He passed the large elaBtlo sided oashmere boots whioh denoted Mrs. Horn's bedroom, paet the row of email shoeB and boots whioh seemed to suggest that a centipede inhabited the nursery, and came to a door where a pair of daioty walking shoes knooked aside, as if by a hasty en trance, told him that Miss Bellingham abode there He tapped softly on the door and waited. There waa a whole minute of expectation, and then Mies Bellingham stood before him. Her eyes were red and swollen with crying, her lips and cheeks were ashen pale, and she was tally dressed, Taorp's heart sank and sickenedj; the eight of her grief nnnerved him for a moment. There was a eenee of dim relief, however, mingling with his pain. She could not be utterly hardened and abandoned. And oh ! the blessing of being able to modify some of the harsh judgments of that long and dismal night. " May I aBk yon to come into the study with me?" he said ooldiy, averting hie eyes from her face, and, seeing that she hesitated, he eaid;" You mnstindeed. This is no time for foolish trifling or for standing on ceremony." She followed him in silenae to the room where he had first seen hor, and the intoxica ting memory of that first day returned upon him with loroe, "It is my duty to OBk oi yon who and what the man is whom you have been meet ing in the Ehrubbery night after night?"he said, speaking in tonsB which seemed to him self to come from Borne one else. He looked at her as he spoke, and tried to remember how low she had fallen from her high estate. She Bhot a look of defiance at him, and proudly raieing her head, replied, "My hneband!" Thorp forgot all hie horror and fear in blank amazement. He stood gazing at her in silenoe for folly a minate before he found his voice, "Will you not explain? I have, perhaps, no right to ask, bnt stnoe it haB been my miefortnne to discover this mystery " "Yee," ehe answered ooldly, "Since yon have found me in an eqnivocal poeition, I admit that it is due to myBelf to tell yon all. It is a very threadbare story I daresay, but it has had all tbetormentofnovelty forme. I ran away from school for the sake of a handsome face, and before I had been married for a month I had Bonnded my hoBband's shallow nets to the bottom. On coming of age he bad inherited a small legaoy; when that was exhausted he waa without sieans Mid with out the energy to work fo- his living. ±ls ooolly proposed then that we should go and throw ourselves upon the mercy of hlsparente, and on obtaining their forgiveness of which he felt sure, to bestow our valuabte company upon them for an indefinite period. She spoke with a concentrated bitterness that left Thorp in no doubt as to her own sentiments with regard to such mean help lessness. She described to him how she had ooaxed, prayed, nrged, and goaded her hnB band to try to earn his living in van* His angry lelatious forgave the Btolen match, aad \ put him into one good situation after an other, but he found some excuse for throw log Bp each in bucgcbbIob, telling bis wife contemptuously in answer to her remon strances that it was absurd to expect a man of his attainments to consent to tie put in a treadmill. Apparently ha desig nated every epecies of employment by this , term. She endured two wretched years with him, Btruggling to earn enough herself to keep them both alive, but when ebe found that he had lately added drunkenness to the list of his vioes she left him. She saw Thorp ahndder when Bbe spoke the word, and she Baid drearily that drunkenness wm not the worst she had had to endure from him. Then followed the sad storv of her ajuest attempts, furthered kindly by hie people, to earn her own living, attempts always frustrated by his appearance on the scene to beg for money, and illogioally enough to im plore and oommand by turns that she would go back to live with him. In her terror lest he might have the power to compel her to obey him, ehe appealed to hie parents for help. It was agreed that Bhe should cab her selfby her seoond name, and go. oat to Aus tralia as an aumariied woman, in order that he should not be able to trace her. She spoke with gratitude of her father and mother-in law, who, though they had never been oordial to her, had provided her with an outfit, pasBBge-money, and good recommen dations to be used on her arrival. She paused in her recital; he knew the story of her engagement by Mrs. Horn during the voyage, and something in his manner made hie breast sink oven lower than before. He notioed with the keenness of jealousy that she avoided sps&krag; the name of Sir Stephen Tregarthen. Would she have been glad if she could have given any other reply to the request Thorp knew he had made to her? For a while he forgot to be thankful to find all his suspicions of her integrity fading away, ho was conscious of nothing bnt a surging in his ears, and the dying of hope in his heart. But with the reaction from this despair came the passionate regret that he should have added to the misery and perplexity of a poor banted woman, that he should have elected himself to be the one to give her more poignant pain in telling her of the sad manner of her hus band's death. ,IT " He followed me here," she went on, 1 don't know bow he tracked me, but ho could evidently be resolute when he ohoBe. He wrote and told me he was starving, the passage bad taken all the money he had been able to screw from bis parents. Whether by aooident or design I don't know he gave me no address in his letter, so that 1 was obliged to try to meet him as be suggested. Besides I thought perhaps ii he had annexed, as he said since we parted, he might be open to an appeal. After all my experience of him," she ctlcd, clasping her handB, almost nnoonscious of Thorp's presence, " I actually believed I might perBuade him not to blast my life wherever I went." "It is all paBt now," Thorp said gently, fearing the effect of the Btrain upon her nerves of relating this story of wretchedness. " Pest," she echoed. " l)o you believe he will ever oeaee to persecute me ?" " Yes. I oan tell yon bow you will be pro tected from him henceforth," Thorp Bald, ' Bnt yon must finiBh telling me your etory. " That iB really all. I saw him once in the garden, and wbb seen by some of the servants. I heard that they had taken me for the ghost that is supposed to haunt this house, and then the idea occurred to me to personate it. It was as horrible and as revolting an idea to me as you could have wished,but I was desperate, I had not taken enough money to Albert to satisfy ^ Thorp started violently as ha heird the name of Albert. H© had felt almost sure belore of the identity of the drowned man with the husband of whom she spoke, but now he felt certain. " What was his surname?" he asked, seeing that she paused when he started, to look at bim» " Lorimer," she replied, and he cangut his breath with a little gaBp. "Well," he Baid, wishing her to go on, "You must have had strong nerves to carry out your programme. Suppose in yonr tarn that you had met something uncanny look ing?" ,. "Ihave no doubt my. appearance would have put to flight a whole legion of goblina. ehe said grimly. " 1 would have braved fifty gbostB rather than one Albert Lorimer. The nest time I pnt on my macintosh cioat and bood, knowing that wonld be dismal enough to give colour to nil sorts of foolish ideas among the servants, bnt almost as soon as we met we wexe startled by eome Bound, and I fled back to the houBe. The next day I saw in Sir Stephen's study a pot of luminous paiot with which he had once amused the children. It strnok me that I might get a mask and smear it with this preparation by way of completing my disguise, and frighten lug any prying person who might bo on xhe watch. That night I succeeded in reaching Albert, but I found to my dlsguet that he was toocompletely intoxlcatedtounderstandwhat I said to him. He wonld speak aloud, and eome one—you 1 suppoBe—(Thorp nodded) attacked him. I ran back to the house and got in safely before you. By last night I was desperate. I had been ebnt into my room all day with a fearful headache. I could not let either Mrs. Horn or the servants eome near me. I had been to town the day before yes terday, and had drawn ont of the Bank every penny I possessed. I longed to get rid of him and of it both." Thorp winced, bnt she dm not notice it. " I felt some dread lest he shonld be in the eome state, bnt still I determined to try to extort a written agreement from him to leave me in peaoe, now that there was nothing more to be had from me. Eaoh time I tried to get ont I heard some one moving, and at last 1 thought of tba pantry window whioh will only bolt inside and is easily unfastened. You know all now," she said, suddenly break ing off and oovering her face with her hands. Poor hands! they looked sadly thin and transparent. It was a long while before Thorp could bring himself to speak. One duty more was plain before him. He mnBt tell her of theconviotioninhlsown mind of the identity of Albert Lorimer with the drowned man, and he must ask her to go and see him as he lay there dead in the hotel parlour. He wished her to go early in order to lessen the risk of being Been and oi causing needless comment, bat before be could find words In which he could best make known hie wish to her eke spoke. ( "Does Sir Stephen—has any one tola Mm— will it be neoeeeary for him to bear of ail this?" She spoke etammeringiy and in violent though repressed agitation. Thorp shook bis head. ..... ... , " No. Be is far too ill to be troubled, and 1 am not sure that in any ease he need know I as things have turned out. Bo you know bow very ill he Ib ? 1 fear he may not lire very much longer, unless we can find out what is the matter and cure him in spite of him 8eThorp often wondered afterwards what strange and utterly unexpected impulse made -. i him say these worde. They were the last words that his judgment would hare approved if he bad taken a moment to think; but hie tongue seemed to obey some more I powerful guidance than that of his will. Her face blanched terribly and turned Hi spite of himeelf !" ehe said, speaking elowly and with difficulty, " What do you mean ?' I " Only that be refuses either to allow me to prescribe for him, or to allow me to send for another medical man to consult upon his - case. He has never allowed me to ask about' his symptoms, though 1 am here every day at Mb request, entirely, I believe, to quiet Mrs. Horn's uneasiness." " Does he wish to die, then!" she asked. " Yes, so he says. He appears to have had - I some terribie disappointment lately which» has taken away all love of life. I cannot tell whether it is possible that a man Bhould die of a broken heart, but it looks like it. 1 had another theory, but I have now abandoned it, it is impossible." " Tell it to me," she said eagerly. _ Do not be too sure that anything is impossible." " I had an idea that eome kind of poison was at work—but there is no one about him who is not above suspicion. Besides, his ■ strong desire todie is the chief feature in the ■ mystery of his illness," " Have you heard him talk 5 Do you know that he would think himself justified in ceasing to live if life became painful, or, as ha might thiok, unendurable!" " I have heard him say so. But 1 have never believed that a maneould will himself to death." She was silent for a long while. I " Will you promiso me that no harm of any kind shall eome to him if I give you a hint of his secret!" ..... , . T "You need hardly ask, but if you wiBh 1 will promise that what you say shall go no. further," Thorp said in surprise. Ho wondered whether she was about to tellhim of Sir Stephen's hopeless infatuation about " First let me say," ehe said, half turning as if to leave the room, •' That if I did not - know hie peculiar views of life and that his I nerves are quite ucatrung, I should never have thought of what is now in my mind. I Shelooked athim, bnt he did not understand . her. Unstrung Sir Stephen certainly was». hut she could not yet know that she had the power to cure him if she bad the will. She was ignorant of her freedom from the tie of ■ the foolish marriage made when she was a schoolgirl, but be could not think that she would be speculating about the future in the very first hours after the death of even suoh. a husband. ELe felt hopelessly bewildered and shocked. " 1 am going to him," she Bald softly, you had better oome with me." Be followed her from the room to oir Stephen's door. She peeped in, and seeing: bim asleep cautiously approached the bed side. On her face was an expression of tho I deepest anxiety, Thorp watohing her oloBely could detect no selfish feeling there. He had | time to think, half unoonsoiously, that this woman who had suffered bo much in the past, who showed in her iaoe the high distinc tion of the power to sacrifice herself, might be the right woman to undertake the cure of Sir Stephen Tregarthen's noble but way ward mind. A lifelong effort to tranquiUise his vehement emotions by helping him to withdraw into a region of ideal sentiment, might at the last become successful, but it was a risk before which a brave woman might heBitate. Presently a ohange came into her face. She moved her hands gently towards him, and with a visible effort of selfoontrol and courage ehe slid her hand into the breast- . pocket of the siek man's dressing-gown, and drew ont a thin flat bottle with three dentB in the sides, one on one side and two on the other. She moved away at once, and pass ing Thorp without a word or a look went. hack to the study. He followed her, and' I closing the door she held the bottle to the> light and showed it to bim. It was half full, 1 of an almost colourless liquid. " That bottle I have seen once before, she said. " I know it to be an Eastern poison very slow in its action and not fatal unleBB, its use is prolonged. It produces wasting aadv exhaustion, and I believe painless death. He, showed it to me once among Bome other strange drags in hie medicine chest. 1 dare-. say yon know that he is fond of chemistry. Be obtained the drug for some very different purpose. Will you take it and destroy it. I think his life will be in no danger now." She spoke in a dull meobanical way as if ehe were repeating worde previously re hearsed, and ehe held the vial towards. Thorp who took it from her. He knew by its size and shape that it muet be the bottle he had missed from its plaoe in the medicine I "k'xhere Is one more painful task before . us," he said tenderly and anxiously. " Do yon think you can bear it! 1 would gladly postpone it for your sake, but I must not for • the aake of more than one in the future.' I " What more can be left to happen!" she. asked, stariDg at him with dazed and heavy - eyes.. She felt that her powers of endurance I were indeed melting away. Be told her in as few worde as possible, and made her understand why she must force - herself to look upon the dead man, and with ont further loss of time. .... It was still very early, not a window-blind I was np in any house as they passed. She was disguised in the oook's marketing bonnet I and shawl, which Thorp had made her wear bs a precaution, that she might, if observed, pass for one of the servants come to peep at the body, with that delight in the grisly, oharaoteristio of the class. The sad inspec tion was soon over. It was Albert Lorimer who bad been drowned without doubt; and the sight of his dead face, though no longer beautiful as when Thorp had seen it the morning before, quenohed the last spark of anger in his widow's heart. In the solemn ' end peaceful presence of death Adria knelt [ by her husband, and forgave him from the depths of her soul. *»»«•«• The wind bad died down, and the morning gold was flooding all the hills with a^ tender haze, when Adria, leaning on Thorp e arm, ! passed ont of that ead presence not knowing ' that she was moving onwards towards the I portal of a new and happier life, 