THOSE UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. <PO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBUAY BANNER. SIR,—In your.paper.of the 29:h ultimo Mr. Manning writes a rigmarole to act as a herring thrown acrpss'.the wserit or to.raise adust sufficiently dense to cover bis retreat. I cannot, • however,, consent to this shifting of ground, and iptend to stick Jpirjand square to the matter of free trade and protection. He does' not'question the fact that were New South Wales to produce sufficient breadstuff* and tforsefeed to supply her. own wants, our railways would.. the benefit of thetnoney now paid.to foreign.shipping companies for carrying. . those. .products to. us from • -other colonies' and from foreign countries. Neither 1 does he deny that the wealthy pwners of shipping companies and importers, residents mainly in and .around Sydn.ey, compote the principal!.opposition to any..assistance being held out.for the advancement ofcolonial indnstrfes ; but he does approach tbei matter where bis states that " your correspondent iriei to i^ake u« believt that protonon will knock the Sydney importers and merchants out of existence." What nonsense, I try to do nothing'so foolish. True protection would tax everything coming from foreign pairts that could be profitably produced or manufactured here, and let in free as possible or judicious all necessaries that we in this colony cannot produce, also all articles for the production of which this colony is not ripe enough. Freetraders even admit that it is good to protect kerosene, butter, bacon, cheese, and Bugar, but not one of them attempts to show why or how it is that one hranch of farming requires protection, and the other and main one, .tho production of cereals, should not be assisted. Mr. Manning gets slightly mixed when he goes into the matter of wheat production. I think he is excusable, seeing that one of the Sydney free trade sources were unable to get through the subject without dropping up to their neck into a similar error the week before last. Freetraders invariably flounder pitiably wherever they attempt explaining away the fact that dear wheat makes dear bread. Had Mr. Manning read the article referred to it would have enabled him to put a much more plausible free trade face on his last effusion of contradictions. He says that Victoria and South Australia will suffer more loss through their farmers thisyearthan our farmers, for the reason that they have more to lose. Logical this, is it not ? The less we have the better we are off, because the less we can possibly lose. Oa the same principle, or rather carrying the principle to its logical conclusion, a country whoBe people have absolutely nothing are at the highest point of prosperity ; for the simple reason, having nothing they can lose nothing, and are consequently independent. He goes on—" I have, therefore, clearly shown that our farmers will this year get a better price for their wheat than the Victorian farmers." Further on he says—" And I have also clearly shown that our consumers will enjoy cheaper bread than the--Victorians." This is grand reasoning that beats my grandmother into a cocked hat. In the first j>art of his last production he lays that Hailed, to show how the consumer is protected, aud that I did not even attempt to show how the working man is protected. DoeB Mr. Manning mean to imply that working men are not consumers, and that consumers..are not working men. . Again he says—" I am not forgetting he omits the working man." Well, after this I begin to surmise that Mr. Manning never penned ia single word of the article in question, although his name appears -at the foot of it. I know the young gentleman very well, and believe him to b& quite incapable of thinking or uttering such sophistry. Any way, whoever the .ghost at his elbow may be, there is a marked improvement in his writing. The dogmatism permeating former contributions is almost totally absent from this his.last production. Where is the credit in .New South Wales boosting of being as wealthy as Victoria 1 She is more than three times as large, and was peopled 50 years before Victoria;- Her area ought to give, her three times the population, and being populated double as long thoBe figures should be multipled by two, so that now had New South Wales the benefit of political management, such as ruled the "cabbagegarden" during the last 25 years, we would have a population of six millions instead of presuming to be proud of having as many people as the little and 50-years-younger colony of Victoria.—Yours trulv, " FARMER. Narandera, April 2. 