Hates and ji%fafe. [KOW FIBST POBLISHBD.] A PIT BROW LASSIE. BY JOHN HONE FOSTER. Anttior of 'The Moss Pit Mystery,' 'A Poor Man's Tragedy.' ' Judith'a Somftnce.** &c.; [ATA BIGHTS RESERVED.} CjuftekXIL — Omtimitd. . Then they sauntered away from the stile, through the fields, towards the westering son, whose aether rial toached the horizon ; and low down in the southern beaveiu the pale disc of a spectral -looking moon was plainly visible. Lake had plenty of new- to tell Kate : eome of it he thooght would be welcome as it spoke of his own progress. 'The Bight fireman at the King Fit, Bam Gtimshay, is leaving 00 Tuesday next, and Ben Chadwick, the onderlooker, has offered ne the place.' 'Yon will accept hu offer, of count 1' 'I don't know yet. It will be all in the ?light,' he added regretfully, thinking that «nch~ beatific evenings as that he was then enjoying would only come in his way very aeldom. 'Bat the pay is better, and the work more «aay,n Kate said, with all the future wife's prudence and forethought. 'Yes. but I don't rcluh the thought of working regularly in the night. It might prove a step toward something better, oubuato,' he said doubtfully. ' And f on might get oat of the sight shift in a while,' she added. 'Them m take the place, Kate, as yon item to think I ought.' Then he continued, 'Were you frightened when yos heard that m were lost t' *' Very much,' che answered, and a dreamy look came into her eyes, as aha. remembered tile torture of suspense she had endured that morning, when she first heard that Lake and tie others were missing, until they made their a&peaxanee;'at oidday. Then Luke recounted the story of their wanderings among Hie old workings, and to Kate he also narrated that of which he had sot spoVen previously to any living soul— bit singular 'vision or dream on leaving his companions and aaoending the old road. 'Bit It must nave been a dream, Luke,' Kate eaid, laughing at her lover's solemn faoo: 'MI Aon t^lmow what it was,' he answered drwasaLly, ' but no dream ever impressed me H much before. Do you know that bj merely closing my eyes I can call up the image of the inin just as he first appeared to me! Why; bare even sketched a rongh likeness of him.' : 'in-ere Is the sketch V Kate demanded, half inclined to disbelieve his statement. '?? I bslieve I have it on me,' Luke answered, tumbling in his pocket, and finding tile book containing the sketch, which he had touched no with crayons, he handed it to Qsiweettusit: The girl took the open pocket-book in her tanas With 'a pleasant* smile upon her face, liko saw her eyes fix themselves on the jtrangE darkbearded countenance bis pencil bmoTumned, and then a'sndden, awful look came into tkim— a strong inexplicable stare f£at 'alarmed him. . ??What is the matter, Kate?' he asked ahajily. ' ?????fiave yon been jesting with me?' ehe aSedin^a W. breathless way. 'Did yon only ao it to tease or frighten me !' . _'. De what T' he demanded, not apprehend {ng~her meaning. ' J)ra'w this sketch.' ??'Not L 'What an ideal How should I know that it would frighten yon? I tell yoo,' be oried solemnly, for she was still regarding the sketch intently, ' that it is an exact likeness of the man I saw down the King Pit.' 'It is strange, very strange I' she ruarmared. 'I cannot understand it at all.'1 'Nor I,' he responded 'but it is neverthe less true.*' Then he added, ' Why were yon frightened I* this man's face ?' ** Because.' ehe replied in a faint tremulous whisper, 'it it a tikaen of my father /' ^?A likeness of your father !' he echoed in great amarrment. 'Yes a liii-ii— « of him as he appeared about seventeen years *go.' ' Impassible !' Luke cried. ' It may be a bit— even a lot like him, but it cannot be his portrait. Ton mnst be mistaken, Kate.' 'I tell yon,' ehe exclaimed with tragic solemnity, ' it is a portrait of my father aad no one else. Every detail is faithfully reproduced — features, beard, cap, Bhirt, everything. 1 can scarcely believe yet that you hare drawn it from your memory, as yon Bay.' ' As true as there U a God above us, Kate,' be cried with a vehemence deep and earnest as her own. ' I saw the original of this sketch last Thursday in the mine 1' This asseveration of Luke's seemed to have allayed all Kate's doubts as to the source of the little drawing she etni retained in her hand, and for some moments they walked on in silence amid the falling twilight. Then he suddenly asked : ' How u it, Kate, that you remember your father's appearance eo well ? When he went away yon were only a child of three years, youknow.' ' Because, Luke, there is a portrait of him at home which was taken only a few days before he disappeared.' ' A photograph I snppose ?' *? fee, and according to my mother this is how it came to be taken. It appears that some wandering photographer came to Ashford and took several views of the town. Among them 'was doe of the 'Kea'Lian.'in'Klng-streel and one of the loungers standing beside the inn door wss my father, who managed some how to get s oopy of the phob graph.' ' Have you the picture still -' ' Tes, it is at home.' ' I should like to see it very much,' Luke remarked choughtfuily. '?Ton can see it to-night, if you want to,' Kate replied, 'and then you can compare your sketch with the likeness in the photograph.' ' Just what I was '?-'?[ Suppose we return then, Kate?' She readily assented to his Buggeition, and they directed their footsteps towards Bannister's Bow, each of them busy with the thoughts engendered by the identification by Kate of theman Luke had sketched. 'I see now,' the miner said presently, ' wfay you doubted my statement regarding the sketch. Ton thought I had seen your father's likeness and reproduced it ?' ' Tea. Luke, and I wish it had been so,' she replied somewhat sadly. ''Why?' he asked. 'Because then the mystery which surrounds the matter now would not have »r«t^ It ** And mine also,' he mmmnred wonder '* Have you ever been much out of Ashford, Lnke ?' she asked more vivaciously. 'No, only occasionally, Kate — on a trip or something of that sort.' ' 1 wae thinhriwtfw you had perhapB seen my father somewhere, and forgotten his face again until yon dreamed of it — it must have been a dream, Lnke, when you were lost in the mine.' ' I can't believe it was a dream,' bs protested, ' and I am quite confident tfeat I never met any man whose face resembles this,' indicating the sketch which she had handed him F*»**^. ' Then bow do yon account for it?' ' I cannot account for it I hare tried to do so but failed. I'm utterly puzzled, and that's the top and bottom about it.' They wen now apBicaeUng Banniater'e Row, and as they reached the garden gate Kate said: 'I think, Lnke, we had better say nothing yet to my mother about this matter ; it would only upset her. without in any way satisfying her desire to know something more of my father's disappearance.'1 He concurred in her proposal, and they went into the cottage together, Luke's un expected appearance caused Mrs. Leigh a little surprise and considerable annoyssee, for she had bagnn to fancy that all was over with the miner and her daughter, and that WUlesden would have the field to himself. The astate woman bad already divined the nature of her boarder's feelings towards Kate. Chaftfb XIII.— The ToBacoo Box. TUring her lover into the little parlour, which bis -rival now rented. Kite lit the lamp, dosed the door and then took down from over the Gre-plaee a framed, cabinet eizad photo graphic view. Luke had been in tie room several times before, but had not bestowed any particular attention on the small picture Kate sow Biased csl the table close betide the lamp. The view presented one of those quaint old taverns eo dear to tbe artist of both brush and pen, and which the modern Goths, the brewers, sweep away to eraet in their stead ugly pyramids of brick. Tbe Bed lion was a low, rambling, framework-house, with thatched roof, diamond-paned windows, and over the principal entrance there swung an old fashioned sign-board on wM& was painted in red a representation of the singular animal that gave ha name to the place. Before the front of the inn several persons were lounging, and among these Luke instantly perceived one whom be indentified as Kate's father. There was no necessity to compare tbe photograph with his rongh sketch. The identity of the two was un mistakable, and the portrait upon which he now gazed for the first time brought vividly before him once more the strange, weird face ot the man he had encountered whilst lost witb his workmates in the mine. ' This is your father, Kate 1' he said, laying his finger on the figure in the photo graph and speaking in an undertone, so that Mrs. Leigh might not overhear what was said. ' Tes.' ' And that is the man I saw down the King Pit !' ' Or fancied you saw.' ' How was it,' be continued, not heeding her remark, 'that your father was taken in his pit clothes ?' ' I put the same question to my mother many a year ago, aod this is bow she explained it. My father and some other miners bad * bobd ' — struck work— on the morning the picture was taken, and gone on thee spree, and the artist most have induced them to form part of bis photograph. Tbe other men were some of my father's old work mates, and you wi!l have noticed that they also are in their working clothes ?' ' Tes, I had noticed that,' lie answered musingly. Then he asked somewhat abruptly, ' Do you know the exact date of your father's disappearance ?' ' Quite wel1, for 1 have heard my mother my father went avay was the 30th of August, 1861. ' Ths 30th of August !' he cried ' ani this is the second of September ! Why, Kate, it was the 30th of August on which L saw your father !' 'Well?' The tone in which Luke had last spoken caused Kate to regard him curiously. The discovery that Rate's father had disappeared on the same day of the month aB that on him so much, had given rise in Luke's mind to a theory which might ultimately explain |the whole affair.. But at present h« resolved to say nothing to his sweetheart abont it. 'Tes,' Kate continued, as her lover remained silent, ' the dates axe identical. What do yon make of that t Anything V ' Well, Lnke rejoined, evasively, ' at any rate it is a remarkable coincidence.' 'Yes, but, unfortunately, that does not explain anything.' ' It does not, he was forced to admit, being still determined to say nothing of the theory that his fancy had lately originated. A little later the lovers said good night to eacb other, and Luke went thoughtfully homeward, the experience of that night having brought him abundant material for mental exercise. First there was the indent! fication of his sketch by Kate as a portrait of her father, and then the correspondence of the date of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance with that on which Luke had had that singular adventure in the King Fit. Luke's theorv was the result of his havine read some time that persons who had met with reappeared to somebody on the anniversary of their fate. The miner ridiculed this idea the moment his mind gave birth to it. But it was not so easy to rid himself of the thought && t& jibe at it, and presently, vben he had cast about in vain for eome explanation of t*he affair, tbe theory he had at first langhed at appeared a little more reasonable. Kariy in the following week Lake Standish accepted the position vacated by the night fireman, Sam Grimahay, and commenced his official duties. One of bis first duties was that of making himself perfectly f»*-nlii«-r with those old workings in which he and his three comrades were lost, for, as night-fireman, h* would have to travel occasionally through them, and invariably alone. After a few journeys, in company with old Ike EUswortkj Lake could find his way un aided throojfB the intricate network of old galleries that had formerly puzzled him «o much. And about a week after being lost with his comrades he was once more wending his way towards the place where, either is fact or fancy, he had seen the man whom Eate declared to be her father. It was half an hoar after midnight, and Standish was returning through the air-ways from the far end of the north leveL He had already discharged the greater portion of his night's work, having harried over it as speedily as possibly, in order to leave him time to do the work he had set himself — namely, that of revisiting the scene of hie singular experience. ui a little while the new fireman vu in the heart of the subterrene raaiw and guiding him self by means of the chalk marks he Had made at intervals npon the roof and aides of the galleries, he soon reached the bottom of the inclined road yrhich be Bad ascended alone, and where his adventure or dream had come to him. There could be no mistake about the place, for there at the corner was his name in big white characters, and after resting a few moments be began to walk np the old road, his thoughts dwelling upon his former visit, and a strange feeling, that was quite distinct from fear, pervaded Mm In a few minutes the fell was reached, and Lnke seated himself in the middle of the road od the very epot he had previously occupied. He remained these several minuteB ; half hoping, whilst fearing, that his former experience would be repeated. Bat neither in fact nor fancy did he again Bee that dark bearded, blae-sbirted figure that had chilled him to the very marrow and wrunpntarily paralysed him. Then Lake arose to depart, more inclined now to believe that his adventure ot a wee k ago was bat a dreun. Wae it not po asible, aB Kate had suggested, that during a visit to the cottage of the Leighi he had seen her lather's photograph, and forgotten it entirely until that morning a week ago ? ' What* s that V Luke had not taken a dozen strides when this ejaculation escaped hi*, and it was caused by hit foot striking some object which emitted a hollow, tinging, metallic sound. Deflecting his lamp ao that its light fell on the floor beside him, he found, after some moments1 searching, a small oval -shaped tobacco box, Bach as miners commonly use. At a first glance there appeared to be nothing uauBual about it, save that it was made of brass, such boxes being generally constructed of tin. Its polished surface was but little tarnished, and this led Luke to think that it had been loat only a short time ; but later when he its freedom from rnwt to the great dryness of that part ot the mine in which it bad been lying. O11 turning the box in his hand to examine it more closely he heard something rattle inside, and pressing upon the eprinjr bntton with his thumb, the lid flew back, disclosing about an inch of thick twist tohacco, which was much shrivelled, and hard as a piece of etone almost. Luke was about to shut the box again when some marks upon the inner side of the lid attracted his attention. Eiaminiog the murks he found that they were writing, aod a closer scrutiny still revealed something that tent a deep thrill through him. It was a Jonathan Leigk. Again and again he examined the letters to make certain that he was neither dreaming nor being misled by his aenbes. But there tfee name remained, rudely graven in straggling characters, which waa evidently the work of B3Be-_ne unpractised in the art of engraving Then he closed the box, placed it carefully away in one of hlB inner pockets, and filled «ith a curious feeling he honied from the spot, wondering what this new link is the ihe next evening, when Kata Leigh had done working, land w&s; going homeward, ehe found her lover awaiting her coming in the wagon'Foad beside the stile, and Lnke at once made hi acquainted with his discover/ of that moning. 'It most have belonged to my father,' said Kate, aa she bandied the box alaort reverently ; ' bat. of course, I Scmow nothing about it. My mother would very likely be able to recognise it Bet bow are we to show her this without telling her the rest of the matter r ' Leave that to me, Kate/ Lnke rejoined, '* and I'll manage it. I am going home with you for that purpote.' A little Uter Lnke was seated fn the cottage kitchen ; Kate wu having her tea,' and Hrs. Leigh was knitting, seated in her rocking' chair beside the window. About five w*ft'«fa- Kgo Arthur Willesden had obtained hia first glance at hie brawny and not *i'Tift'ftiwn»» rival through the parlour window ai Luke and Kate came to the cottage, and the sight of the lovers in company again, witfe all traces of their qaarrel gone, only caoied the world ling to vow afresh that his Bchemes BBOtdd part them again, and for ever. 'Oh, Mn. Leigh,' Lake presently re marked is an offhand way. 'X found some thing the other morning which may Interest you. I am fireman cow, yon know, and occasionally Wait the old roads En the King Fit — aome of them the very roada your hsaband used to travel along years ago. It was in one of these roads that I found ttti box.' lie handed the tobacco box to her M he finished, watching her intently the while, as did Kate also. Mra. Leigh took the box witbont tbe least show of interest, regarding it for a moment quite indifferently. Then, on a sadden there was a flash in her eyes, and ehe became tremblingly eager. With her thumb she pressed spon the spring button as Lake bad done, and when the lid flew open she at once fixed her gaze open the writing on its inner side. The artiop con vinced Lnke and Kate more titan any wards could have done that Mrs. Leigh bad seen tbe box before. u Ton know it?' Luke queried. ** Know it !' and her nplifted countenaiise expressed both knowledge and deep emotion. ' It was my husband's. I gave ft to him before we were married.' *' I suppose he mnst have dropped it when be used to work at the King Pit' 'I daresay, bat I dont recollect bw-ing him speak about losing it.' ' ~~ Hereupon Luke suggested that Mrm. fceigh should keep the box, as he bad no use for it, and it clearly belonged to her. '8Kb aooeptcS his offer with thanks, and at onoe went to her bedroom to ruminate over this metaento of heryonth. When her mother left theidtdieo Eate remai-ked xn an ^'flprtopf : - ? ? ' And you say that yon found the boxaesLr tahe place where you »w my father?' ' . ' Not more than half-a-doxen yards awiiy,** he responded* M There most be some meaning In all ton it' Eate contanned mueingly. ' Of that I aaa quite satisfied now, although I cannot, nt comprehend what it may be. Perhaps, after aB, my father did not d«wert my mother.1' ' Ha I' Luke cried, with a little gasp, as her half-veiled meaning flasbed1 npoB iftir,. ' I understand. Your father might haVa got lost in the old workinci as I and tbe otters did—and died there.' Her nod convinced him that he fc'afl rlgbtlr interpreted her thought, anfl after a moment/a pause, Kate added— ** I should like to see *^-»? pTy^-fi. f^y-*-1. where you found the box, and saw—'* 'She paused, uncertain What word to vse to describe what he had seen. 'It would mean a two miles walk ?nder- groond.' ' Could yon manage to take me Chen some 'I don't know,' he rejoined reflectively. *' It might be done, I daresay. I sbaB bar* to be down the tit alone sometimes, and perhaps it could be managed then. 'There will be a litlte risk for on both, yob under stand. The manager and iimlenooker may not like me t^^^g yon down tbe mins without their permission ; and your mother would not care abont yo« undertaking such a jouniey.' ' The risk matt be run,' she replied decisively. ' I feel that I oagbt to go, and I will!' '* Then yon Bhall :' he made answer. (To be continued.) A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram ehop by employing her brother to act tbe part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. *' Who are yon !' asked the guidman. ' I'm Aold Kick,' was the reply. 'Come tn\ idoq,' said John, nothing daunted. ' Gie'a a shake o' yoar hand ; I am married to a sister o' yours.' Aunt Penelope (who has testamentary powers) : ' Do you know. Edith, I sometimes fД baby will be like me.' Edith (aston ished into candour) : ' Like yoo. Aunt Pene lope ? Dear me I I hope not.' Aunt Pene lope : ' Too hope not. And pray tchy, Kdith?' iMith (suddenly recollectimg Aunt P.'a powers) : ' Oh, good looks are frequently such, a 6D&re; you know, Aunty.' He was on the point of propoainfi, but thought better of it for the moment and continued the conversation because of an organ-grinder outside. When the music stopped, he said, ' So you've never been in Europe, UiM Clara ?' ' Oh, no,' she replied, '* I never expect to see Europe until my wedding trip. ' Then he continued to continne the conversation. Friend to East End Parson — *' I esnt for the life oE me tell how you get on with those rough, drunken fellows ; and yet I have been told that lots of them cone to your church.' ' Well, the fact is I let them smoke, and give them coffee ; and I talk to them lite this— 1 Now, yoa fellows, I »m jast going to tell you of a little affair in which a cove 6 feet high knocked out agriat bulking chap 10 feet high in one round ;' and then I Ufl them about DaTid and Ooltatb, aad make ft as gYnifinp £g possible,' 