PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, April 2. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4. NEW MINISTERS SWORN IN. Mr. Speaker announced that he had issued writs for the election of members to fill the vacancies caused through the acceptance of office by Ministers, and reported the return of the writs with the return of the Ministers. The members of the Ministry were then sworn in, also the member for New England, Mr. Inglis, PRODUCTION OF PAPERS AT THE 'LAW COURTS. Mr. SrsAXBit reported that during the adjournment he had authorised the clerk of the House, who was summoned to appear before certain Courts, to produce the papers in his possession relating to the matters under inquiry in regard to certain personation. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. Hogan for Mr. O. O. Dangar, said that to enable the selectors of Coff's Harbour to ship their produce an amount of £4000 had been submitted on the draft Loan Estimates on more than one occasion, but nothing seemed to have been decided. Upon inquiry he found that the matter had been favourably reported upon, and he therefore intended to bring it again before the Cabinet, with a view to an early datoiuiination being arrived at. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. Hogan for Mr. O. O. Dangar, said that the greater number of ferries were leased for 12 months before the decision was arrived at of abolishing tolls. The question as to whether it was desirable to extend (he collections at all ferries to the end of the year would be laid before the Cabinet shortly. The question would no doubt be materially affected by the contemplated Local Government Act. The Government had no control whatever over ferries within municipal limits. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. Hogan for Mr. O. O. Dangar, said that the reports from Sir John Coode with reference to the improvements of the entrances of the Bellinger, Nambucca, and Macleay Rivers had not been received. The information asked for by Sir John Coode in reference to these rivers was very extensive and costly. The report, survey, and borings for the Macleay would not be ready for a few months. The Bellinger and Nambucca surveys had not yet been started for want of funds. He fully recognised the great importance of the question of the improvement of our harbours and rivers, and intended to bestow special attention upon it. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. Nicoll, said that it was a fact that the bar at the entrance to the Richmond River was at present in a dangerous state, and that shipping communication was only carried on at the risk of life and property, and if action was not taken immediately pomo 30,000 people may, at any minute, be unable to get their supplies; that the entrances to the Tweed and Brunswick Rivers were also almost blocked up for want of water. He would bestow his best attention on the matter. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH, in reply to Mr. Harold Stephen, said that it was the practice in certain cases to give beforehand notice of intention to refuse applica- tions under the 28th section of the Mining Act. In structions had been given that beforehand notice be sent to applicants who had not abandoned, or apparently abandoned, their applications. Mr. BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Barbour, said that it was a fact that in the year 1887 (RecordsNo. 87 262 14, Roads), application was made to the Lands Department for a public road to be opened across country from Bundyalumha, on the Billabong, fo " Evorett'a Hotel," on the Edwards River, through the Barratta pastoral holding, whereby several miles in distance would be saved to the travelling public, and waste lands of the Crown made available for selection. It was not opened because, in consequence of strong ob actions, additional reports had to be obtained from the district Surveyor before final instructions to survey were issued. Survey of the road had now been completed, and receipt of plan was daily expected. Until such plan was received, it could not be stated what portion of the resumed area of Barratta would be available for sale, lease, or other purposes. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. Cruickshank, said, in regard to the Glen Innes to Inverell Railway, that nothing could be decided until the result of the recent alternative surveys which had been made had been placed before the Government, when the whole matter should receive the careful attention which its importance demanded. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Cruickshank, said it was intended to supply seed wheat to such farmers as were not in a position to purchase. Instruc- tions had been issued to the police magistrates throughout the colony to receive and deal with applications from farmers in need of assistance. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. W. Stephen, said that the expenditure on the Botany-road, Sydney to Banks Meadow, during 1887, amounted to £117 5s. 3d., and in 1888 to 1236 19s. 4d. The balance on 1st January, 1889, was £108 19s. 11d., of which £107 9s. 6d. had since been expended, leaving a balance of £1 10s. 6d. to date. There was no amount left for issue to the trustees. Mr. M'MILLAN. in reply to Mr. Crick, said that he was informed that a train, termed an occasional goods, left Bathurst for Penrith every Saturday night, and that such train left as usual on Saturday night, the 9th February last. The Hon. Sir Henry Parkes travelled by this train. The train left Bathurst at 10.35 p.m., and arrived at Penrith at 4.35 a.m. This train did not run through to Sydney. Sir Henry Parkes travelled from Penrith by" the ordinary goods train at 5 a.m. From Bathurst to Penrith the train consisted of a composite carriage and a brake-van. There were not any trucks to be attached at Bathurst. From Penrith to Sydney 12 trucks were hauled. They were loaded with lime, vegetables, and general goods, weighing 29 tons 2cwt., and the freight amounted to £21 3s. 4d. The train left as usual on the 16th February, and had a load equal to 14 trucks of coal from Eskbank to Penrith, and the freight paid for same was £43 1 .'?. 9d. Mr. B. R. Wise was a passenger by this train, and he held the return half of at ordinary ticket issued at Sydney. There were not any telegrams despatched from the station master at Orange to Bathurst or other stations respecting the running of the trains referred to Mr. BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Ewing, said that the reserves in county of Rous was held under lease by pastoral lessees Parish Kyogle, Nos. 232, 80, and 80 east extension ; parish Runnymede, Nos. 81, 194, 82, 195, and 81 east extension; parish Wyangerie, Nos. 363, 1132, 216,308, and 323 extension; parish Wyndham, No. 472 ; parish Loadstone Nos. 147 and 1108 ; parish Roseberry, No. bill ; parish London, No. 1115. Pastoral leaseholders were paying rent for these reserves at the present time. A report from the district surveyor would be obtained as to the necessity for notification of reserves for camping places between Casino and the Queensland border. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Ewing, said that it was not a fact that the members of the Lismore rifle corps have been unable to obtain ammuni- tion on requisition, but there had been delay because the corps had not returned to the Ordnance Store receipt vouchers for previous supply. A few applications to join the mounted infantry had been refused. He was certainly not desirous that bodies of men in the country should be treated differently from those in the immediate neighbourhood of Sydney; but many circumstances in military matters such as facilities of travel tended to make it desirable that corps should be supplied with ammunition in some places where it was not equally advisable in others. Mr. BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Hassall, said that his attention had been called to a case, viz., that of the Richardson family, residing at Merrygoen, Castlereagh River, which was brought under the notice of the public by Mr. John E. Kelly in the Herald of the 26th ultimo. The holding in question was apparently Hoblingrah, standing in the names of John, William, and Peter Richardson. The Government had not as yet come to any decision as to whether the provisions of the Land Act of 1884 would be enforced in such cases as the above. Mr. GOULD, in reply to Mr. Crick, said that he was informed that the police Magistrate, and also a member of the Licensing Court at Bathurst, were related to on attorney in practice in that town. No report has reached him indicating any dissatisfaction arising from this. He was not aware of any circumstances rendering an' alteration in the constitution of the Licensing Court, or' the appointment of another police magistrate necessary. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Harold Stephen,' said that so far as he was concerned he could hardly speak for this Government-he was very desirous for the quarantine station to be removed. He was desirous of that removal for more than one reason ; but it could not take place until another suitable site could be definitely fixed upon. Mr. BRUNKER, in reply to Mr. Ewing, said that the requisite notices with reference to the termination of. leases had been given to pastoral lessees in the Eastern Division, both by notification. in the Government Gazette, as required by law, and by letter to each pastoral tenant. Mr. GOULD, in reply to Mr. O'Sullivan, said that it was a fact that the police magistracy of Queanbeyan had been abolished. The position of police magistrate at Gunnedah had not been abolished. He was informed that the district of Gunnedah was more populous than that of Queanbeyan ; but the relative importance of the two districts being a matter of opinion, he did not think he was called upon to answer the question. It was not at present intended to restore the position of resident police magistrate at Queanbeyan, but arrangements had been made for Mr. Aldcorn, police magistrate, of Braidwood, to visit Queanbeyan periodically. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in reply to Mr. O'Sullivan, said that it was a fact that John Sullivan, late engineer of the Leila, was sent to send an engine at Fitzroy Dock, and that he complained that he was unable to do the work owing to illness. Dr. Ashburton Thompson had reported on the case. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr Barbour, said that in regard to the right of Victoria to control and regulate traffic on the river Murray he could not at the present time give any definite answer, but he might say that special care would be taken by the Government to guard the rights of this colony in respect to the mer Murray Mr BRUNKER, in reply to Mr Barbour, said that itwa5afaotthatoutho23rdrcbruarj, 1889 he gazetted reserves from sale for railway purposes of the area of 63,900 acres, in the counties of Georgiana and Westmoreland, and in the parishes of Warragamba, Warn born, Cooba, and Kedumba He could not say when the railway would be made, or whether the land was at present fit for anything but mining AU minerals were reserved under the 7th clause of the Crown Lands Act of 1884. He was not aware that reserves like the above present settlement when the land was of any value, and, when only fit for mining, played into the hands of mining speculators, who were required to pay loss ruit than if the land was not a reserve The matter of cancelling these reason as would be considered PERSONAL EXPLANATION Mr TRAILL said that by way of personal explanation he wished to make a statement For reasons that he had already given in the public journals, he had decided to re-enter the House But there seemed to be some doubt still, and one hon member who was a good authority was of opinion that the course he took in the first instance was the right one He would be glad to have some expression of opinion from the Speaker on the matter. Mr. SPEAKER said he had very little to add to that which fell from him before the recent adjournment (Hear, hear.) He then stated that, in his opinion, an new member who had been returned was entitled to consider himself the member for that particular electorate until displaced by the authority which was made under the electoral law, v in, the Elections and Qualifications Committee. He was then asked if he had looked up the English authorities on the question He said at the time he had not and he did not think it was necessary that he should be guided by the English authorities, because he knew the electoral law hero varied very much from that of Eng land Since then he had found the following foot-note in May, page 7'') -" No notice can be taken of a determination until reported to the House. On the 27th May, 1866, Mr Mills member for Northallerton, had been declared not duly elected, but no report had been made to the House, and the tin now on the second reading of the Reform Bill was expected the same evening As ever) vote was important the question was convened whether Mr. Mills could oto II was admitted that his a one could not be disallowed but on taking counsel with his friends he very properly desisted from voting " On the 10th May Mr Mills actually spoke in the House, and the inference was clear to me and that until it was decided that Mr Mills was not properly elected he Mr Mills) was right in doing what the hon member for South Sydney (Mr. Traill) now proposed to do (Hear, hear ) PETITIONS. Mr Stbv ever presented a petition from the Excelsior Land, Investment, and Building Company and Bank, Limited, asking for leave to introduce a bill authorising the company to construct and maintain a tramway between 1 assayer to 1 oronto Mr. J P. Abbott presented a petition from the Barrier Ranges and Broken Hill Water Supply Company, Limited, asking for leave to introduce a bill to enable the company to establish a system of water supply within the police districts of Broken Hill and Silverton. The petitions were received Mr Seth km and presented a, petition from the Illawarra Harbour and Land Corporation Limited, asking for legislative authority for the construction of a harbour and port at Lake Macquarie, also authority to build a line of railway southward of the South Coast Colliery, and extending to the Macquarie River and the imposition and collection of harbour and port dues, wharfage rates, railway freights and fares QUEENSLAND CHINESE RESTRICTION BILL Mr TOOHEY asked the Colonial "Secretary, without notice, if he had had any communication with the Queensland Government regarding Lord Knutsford's refusal to sanction the Chinese Restriction Bill in Queensland Sir HENRY PARKES replied that he had no information on the subject beyond what he had seen in the public press THE RESUMED PASTORAL HOLDINGS. Mr GORMLY asked the Minister for Lands, without notice, what had been done-if anything-and what it was intended to do in reference to the resolution carried to the effect that the reserves resumed on a portion of the pastoral holdings should be made available for selection Mr BRUNKER said he would give the desired information if notice were given in the usual way THE RAILWAY POLICY. Mr LYNE asked the Minister for Works, without notice, whether the reports which had been published in the press with regard to the bow railways from Goulburn to Crookwell and Culcairn to Corowa, which the Government intended to undertake at once, were true? And, further, whether he would accept tenders at once for the Nyngan-Cobar railway, which was in a position to be proceeded with now ? Mr BRUCE SMITH said that with regard to the two shorter lines, as stated in the press, they had born favourably reported on by the Commissioners and it had been" decided to forward them to the Works Committee as soon as that body was constituted With regard to the line from Nyngan to Cobar, the water appeared to be ready to take in hand at once, but a legal difficulty had arisen as to whether it was necessary to submit the line to the Works Committee or not This point had been referred to the Attorney General, and until he had given his opinion the Government could not proceed with the line THE UNEMPLOYED Mr. TONKIN asked whether the work it was intended to start for the absorption of the unemployed would be all in the neighbourhood of the metropolis, or whether they would be fairly distributed throughout the country districts (Hear, hear ) Mr. BRUCE SMITH replied that he could only say the Government recognised the importance of distributing the works throughout the country as well as around the metropolis he recognised thoroughly the importance of the question, and would make even effort to see that no unfair concentration of the work was made. SELECTORS' PAYMENTS Dr. ROSS asked the Premier, without notice, whether the Government intended to enforce the pay - ment by the selectors of the instalments on their selections now due He pointed out that owing to the bad seasons many of the selectors would be unable to pay, and, consequently, if the law was strictly enforced, would have to forfeit their selections He would like to know whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce a short bill for the purpose of relieving the selectors from these payments Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply, said that it would be sufficient for him to say that no advantage would be taken of any absence of payments such as had been mentioned. As to the question of introducing a bill on the subject he would rather the matter was left for a day or two before he gav e a decided answer PAYMENT OF MEMBERS Mr LAKEMAN asked the Premier whether he intended to introduce a bill to provide for the payment of members this session Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply, said that he could only state that he had not yet taken into consideration the question. He was well known to he unfavourable to the payment of members and it was hardly likely that he should take the initiative in the matter He would, however, see that the subject was brought under the notice of his colleagues within a week or so CHAIRMAN OF? COMMITTEES) Mr. HAYES moved that Mr Ninian Melville he Chairman of Committees of the Whole House for this session Mr Melville, he said, had been for many years a member and a regular attendant of the Legislative Assembly He had at all times conducted himself properly in debate, and was also thoroughly well up in Parliamentary business and Constitutional law, qualifications which were essential for any hon. member who occupied the position of Chairman As one of the Acting Chairmen of Committees during the last session of Parliament Mr. Melville had showed marked ability, and had been firm, but at the same time courteous in his manner He had upheld the dignity of the Chair, and had given general satisfaction to members on both sides of the House If hon. members selected Mr Melville for (his honourable and responsible position he felt sure that Mr Melville would fulfil the duties of his office impartially, with of credit to himself, and satisfaction to the House Mr. HURLEY seconded the motion, because he thought that the appointment was the best possible one which could be made. Mr Melville had been spoken of as a democrat outside the House but in the chair he had shown himself to be a thorough autocrat, and no one who had noticed his conduct in the Chair could help admiring the splendid way in which he had conducted the business, and no one who had ever occupied the position had shown a greater grasp of the subjects brought under his notice than Mr Melville The motion was agreed to amidst cheers from both sides of the House. Mr. MELVILLE, who was loudly cheered on enter- ing the House, said that it afforded him the greatest possible pleasure to thank them for the manner in which they had returned him He could only say that when he had occupied the position of Chairman temporarily he had endeavoured as far as his ability lay, to be perfectly impartial The person who occupied the position of Chairman should endeavour to deal to every member that justice which he was entitled to, and as he had always endeavoured to do this when temporarily occupy ing the position, he would still further endeavour to act in the same way now, so that when the time came for him to leave the position to which he had been so honourably elected there would be no stain on his character, nor any complaint against him He felt that no words could convey the thanks which were welling up in his heart for the honourable position in which they had placed him Cheers ) GOA 1 RNMLNT Bl SINESS Mr DIEU S asked the Premier whether he intended to offer the house the courtesy of informing it as to what the Government's policy was to be, as there had been no speech from the 1 bronze He felt sure that he was only asking for what was usually done out of courtesy to the House isrHTNRY PARKES, in reply, said that it was his intention to make a statement, such as was usual under the circumstances but he would much prefer to make the statement on the first Government day There were several reasons for adopting this course which it was unnecessary to give at present, and it would be quite time for him to make his statement when the box, eminent business was reached Mr DIBBS This is very unusual Sir HENRY PARKES Not a bit I delay making the statement until to-morrow simply because I can make it more complete than I could to day CONDITIONAL PURCHASE CASE Mr BARBOUR moved, "a That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire into and report upon all conditional pin abases made upon the run of Barratta (Henry Ricketson losses), from January, 1872, till December, 1882 how many were lapsed or forfeited, what became of the improvements how many were consorted info improvement purchases 2 That snell committee consist of Mr Lyne, Mr J P Abbott, Mr Alison Mr Copeland, Mr Chapman, Mr T G Dangar, Mr Brunker Mr Hugh Taylor, Mr Woodward and the more or " The motion so as agreed to AMENDMENT OF till LAND LAW Mr G O It Nil V moved " That in the opinion of this House the Government should, as early as practicable introduce a bill to amend the Land Act in such a manner that holders of conditional leases under section 52 be allowed an extension of lease and a preferent right to purchase e a part of such lease, or the whole where the lease does not exceed the maximum area allowed to be held in a conditional leaseholder under section 48 He said that although the Minister for Lands had given notice of his intention to introduce an Amending Land Bill to deal with this and other matters still (lies had no guarantee the bill that gentleman intended to introduce would become the law of the country Ihn of ore he felt thoroughly justified In asking the H on so to express an opinion as to whether what was contemplated by his motion was or was not desirable in the interests of the country THis know that many conditional purchasers, for tho sake of getting professes or grass rights, had taken up land of inferior quality Some of these pre-emptive leases had been converted into conditional leases He thought it was not right that when the of leases expired the holders should lose those portions of their lands to which they applied Very soon after the Land Act of 1884 was passed it was the opinion of many members of the House that those persons who held land under the 62nd and Sith sections should receive further concessions when their pre-emptive leases were forfeited All the notion asked was that those pro captive leases that had been converted into conditional leases should derive the privileges and rights provided by the 48th section of the Act A conditional purchaser could hold Jool) acres in his conditional purchase and conditional lease The motion he had tabled only asked for the extension of that privilege He felt sure that no serious objection could be taken to what he proposed, because they know that in many instances holders of conditional purchases when the Land Act of 1884 came into operation realised that there was no Crown land adjoining their holdings to enable them to extend their holdings to the maximum quan time allowed by the Act 2000 acres They know it was very desirable that those holders of land under the 52nd section should have an extension of lease much of the land held by them being of such a character that they would not at the present time purchase it on the usual conditions It would be in the best interests of the country if they did all they could to keep people who were already settled on the lands permanent there The people who would be affected by the adoption of that motion were the people who sent the most revenue into the Treasury that question affected holders of land in every portion of the colony Under the Land law of 1861 some of them were not able to get more than 320 acres The subject had been considered by the Minister for Lands, and if they left it in that gentleman a hands he would deal with it in a manner that would be equitable to all portions of the colony What he advocated was a pressing necessity that should be dealt with as quickly as possible He did not think any class of leaseholders had been treated so harshly as those who hold land under the 32nd section of the Act, because it was there provided that the minimum rent for such leases should be 2d per acre, and that rental was very high and notwithstanding that it was the minimum rent, it had been in many instances increased by the local land boards It had been argued that the right to consort these leases should not have been given, and that the holders of them should have come into open competition for the leases under another section of the Act Had they done so, it would have been found that they had no right to make application. He contented himself with proposing the motion Mr COPELAND seconded I Mr H STEPHEN moved the addition of the following words to the motion,-" That in the opinion of this House it is desirable to relieve the holders of conditional leases under the 54th section of the Crown Lands Act of 1884 from the condition of residence " 1 he purpose of the amendment might require an explanation The conditional leaseholders under the 54th section were in exactly a similar position to the lease- holders under the rind section, but they suffered a different disability -the condition of residence, a day ability which prevented them from dealing with the selections Mr LAKEMAN, in supporting the motion pointed out that while the 52nd leases were held by virtue of old selections which had the conditions of residence completed, too 64th section leases were granted by virtue of selections which in many instances had not been taken up U months those Act had treated those conditional purchasers very liberally by allowing them to do the residence on selection instead of on lease Mr WALL did not know how the hon member for Monaro arrived at the view he took of the matter which had prompted his amendment The object of the Act was to prevent people taking up conditional purchases without residence, and it guarded against possible dangers to conditional lessees and conditional purchasers With the motion brought forward by the hon member for the Murrumbidgee he quite agreed and he believed that the Minister for Lands would give due consideration to what had been brought forward The ro was one matter to which he would like to allude, and that was, that under the old Act pre- leases were given across water frontages they were surveyed across water frontages and in converting these pre-leases under the Act of 1884 they completed them in the same manner as under the old Act He thought it was the duty of the Minister to protect the water frontages of the colony that they might go a little further than they had done in respect to them They ought to insist upon water frontages, in cases where the conditional leases had been converted under the old Act, having some distinction made and a portion given up It had been the custom of the department to grant the conversion of these leases upon both sides of the water frontages, and that he felt sure was never intended by the Act Mr CRICK thought the amendment moved by the member for Monaro (Mr Harold Stephen), went too far into detail, and that he hardly thought was justifiable on the present occasion the hon member for Balranald was entirely wrong in the construction he put upon sections 52 and 54 of the Act of 1884 The lot supply said that so long as Crown lands were available they might apply for conditional leases under the Act He trusted that the bill to be brought in would deal with the main principles of the Act where amendment was necessary Mr CRUICKSHANK did not know what the Minister for Lands was introducing in his bill, but there were a number of matters which required very serious consideration Mr Gonply's resolution in one respect went too for but in another it did not go far enough. He wanted to see the land settled under lease- hold and not under a system of purchase Mr DIBBS thought that a great deal of time had been wasted over this matter at a time when they expected to hear some announcement as to matters of greater importance The Hon the Minister for Lands might, if he had chosen, put an end to it long ago simply by saying a few words There were other matters upon the business-paper which he felt sure hon members desired to have debuted Mr BRUNKER thought the remarks of the hon member for the Murrumbidgee (Mr Dibbs) were very unfair indeed in nth mating to bring him to task for not rising earlier to reply to the hon member for the Murrumbidgee (Mr Gormly) He did not state what his ideas were because we respectfully asked by the hon member for Monaro not to reply to Mr Gormley at once, because he wished to submit an amendment to the motion Subsequent to that two new members, Mr Crick and Mr Cruickshank, were desirous of speaking, and as a matter of cot rates he allowed them to proceed If the hon. member had had as much regard for prev enting waste of time as he (Mr Brunker) had there would have been considerably more business done in that House in the past. (Hear, hear) it were not his intention to make a speech upon this resolution, because he was not confident the House would accept his assurance that he was dealing with the matter in a manner that would meet the views of hon members he was dealing with it in the interests of the pastoralists and of the general public 1 his motion being submitted now was, he thought, some what in- opportune, because he gav of the strongest assurance that he was in earnest, when without lots of time-almost as soon as the House met- he asked for leave for the introduction of a bill He hoped the hon member for the Murrumbidgee would tea the propriety of withdrawing the motion. Mr. J P ABBOTT said that the Minister for Lands was not entitled to take any great credit to him self for his promptitude in dealing with the matter. The fact was that the members of the Opposition side of the House were in a position to compel the Government to introduce necessary legislation If there had been a majority of 40 on the other side of the House there would not have been the enthusiasm displayed in dealing with this question that there was now The Minister was not to be thanked in the slightest degree for the motion for lease to introduce the bill If the hon gentleman had not given this notice he would very soon have been displaced from the office I Mr BRUNKER I don't want office Mr ABBOT! I do not say that I merely say that you would not has e kept the position Mr BRUNKER You speak with authority on the subject. Mr ABBOTT I have been a great danger to office, have I note I have done a lot of soaking dirty things to get there I think I may safely say that I have never swallowed my principles or changed my opinions for the sake of getting office The Government need not take great credit to themselves for their urgency in dealing with the matter Had the party with which the hon. gentleman was identified been anxious to deal with this question, a bill would have been passed long ago He regretted that the Minister had allowed the time to be wasted Mr GORMLY reply d The amendment was negatived, and the motion carried BUTTER, BACON, CHEESE, AND KEROSENE DiniLS On the motion standing in Mr J P Abbott's name for the abolition of the duties on bacon, butter, cheese, and kerosene being called on Mr M'MILLAN toto and requested the hon. member to postpone the motion to that day fortnight. (Cries of "No, no') Knowing the anxiety of the public mind with regard to the state of the finances of the colony, he had arranged to lay before the country to morrow week a statement of the ci edition of the finances That was as soon as he could be expected to do so seeing the short time he had been in office. It was scarcely fair to the Treasurer of the country for the motion to be dealt with now (Interruption )" Mr J P' ABBOTT mos ed, That, in the opinion of this House, the Government should, without any delay, bring in a bill to remove the duties now Imposed upon bacon, butter, cheese and kerosene imported into the colony " (Hear, hear He said that since he gave notice of this resolution he had heard a great deal from hon members, and read a great deal in the free-trade press, about it being inconsistent on his part with his protectionist principles, to introduce a motion of this kind He won Id show hon. members that he was thoroughly consistent When Mr Burns proposed a revision of the tariff Some two years ago he (Mr Abbott) not only spoke in favour of removing these duties but noted for their removal The Government then, and on every occasion since, rather than run the risk of being defeated, withdrew the resolution from the consideration of the House altogether If they were to have free trade they should have free trade pure and simple (hear, hear-but the freetraders should not be allowed to delude the public by ruling; the country through protective principles and at the same time boasting to be freetraders How was it that the Premier who could tell them the exact number of hours and minutes he had reigned as Chief Secretary how was it that with all his great principles of free trade, that gentleman had allowed three duties to remain on the tariff of a country flint was sworn to free-trade principles He had pointed out the inconsistency of the farmers of the Illawarra and Shoalhaven districts claiming to be freetraders while these duties were in existence They said they would vote with him to take them off they had said so since, and some of them had had to write to the public press to apologise Those farmers had built up their wealth by reason of these protective duties (Cries of "No, Hoyland denied to others what they had made their fortunes by In the north-western parts of this colony he met a farmer named Campbell, from the Illawarra district looking for a farm for his son Mr Campbell said that all the farmers down that way wore freetraders to the backbone He (Mr Abbott) said he was glad to hear it, because they would rejoice at these duties being removed Mr Campbell said, "Don't do that, because you will win the industries of the district " 1,11 ear, nose-, and laughter ) If the colony was to be free trade then it should be free trade absolute, there should be direct taxation or land taxation and property taxa- tion, the port should be thrown open, and the Custom-house turned into a Public school But it would not do to have a country claiming to be free trade and loss by rag the most exorbitant protective duties He was perfectly satisfied to justify his poli- tion with regard to these duties before his constituency If this resolution were carried it would be inconsistent not to go further and ask the House to repeal the duties affecting other industries and if the principle were then carried far enough, how many thousands of i men would be thrown out of employment, who were well maintained by the imposition of protective duties' The Illawarra people assured him they would vote in favour of his resolution Recently there was a meeting at Kogarah in connection with the formation of a Free-trade Association, and it was addressed by Mr Sydney Smith, Mr Carruthers, Mr. T Fuller, and Mr Wilshire (Opposition laughter Mr Fuller at the meeting made a reference to his (Mr Abbott's) remarks upon the butler bacon, and cheese duties (Opposition laughter)- urging that he would endeavour to remove the existing tariff anomalies, but on the 30th of but month, the day following the report of the meeting, Mr Tudor wrote to the Sydney Mo) nina Herald apologising for daring to say that he adopted a course which he had repeatedly stated he would adopt (Opposition laughter ) The hon member for Kiama thought it necessary to write to the free-trade press and explain his intentions doubtless the result of the coaching he received from his more estate confreres and in writing to the Herald he thanked the journal for the kind reference made respecting his remarks at Kogarah Then the hon member found out that his (Mr Abbott's) motion was objectionable, because it might harass the Government and interfere with good legislation The hon member had no right to make such an assertion against a member who had never obstructed legislation of any kind (Hear, hear ) if they were to be governed as freetraders let it be so, but the voting and green member in question told them that the resolution in question would harass the Government (Opposition cheers and slaughteryard block useful legislation and therefore he could not vote for it He told the hon. member what could be down the Opposition could intercept supply, but he did not choose to do so, because he thought the constant interruption of supply by resolution similar to the present should be condemned (Hear hear) Standing orders had been passed under which hon member could move a resolution intercept- I unsupplied and the Opposition was strong enough to obtain the necessary leave of the House and carry the resolution-the member moving the amendment having the privilege of speaking for 10 minutes, and no member having the right of reply He had made it his business not to interfere with a Government getting or with business but the hon member for Kiama having seen the statement in free trade organs, that his object was only to a as to tho time of the HouhP, duly accepted it (Opposition laughter ). He remembered hearing when a boy that there were ghosts down at Kiama (Great laughter) It was evident from the hon mom bor's remarks that if he could not got everything that was good he would be content with accepting a little (Opposition laughter ) In other words, if the hon. member could not accomplish his whole scheme he would not do any thing at all (Hear, hear ) So much for the consistency of the hon. member for Kiama Mr O'StM.rvA's They don't like their own medicine 1 What was the tariff that the hon member was so anxious to retain until the Government chose to submit a resolution by which, it might be removed i If the Government were sincere in their proposals after what they had said about free trade they ought to remove all the duties upon articles of consumption (Opposition cheers ) Take for instance bacon There was a duty upon it of 2d per lb , equal to 134 percent That was the protection under which the farmers had amassed wealth The farmers were large producers of bacon They were told that the whole south coast farmers were in favour of taking off the duties, and he (Mr Abbott) repeated that the farmers had secured their wealth under that duty (Hear, hear ) An Hon. Member : Nonsense. Mr. ABBOTT: Is that the leader of the party of law and order in this House? (Great laughter.) Mr. WILSHIRE : I rise to a point of order. The hon. member has addressed his remarks to me. He asked me a question. Mr. ABBOTT said he did not ask the hon. member any question. He simply said that the word " non souse came from the leader of the party of law and order. (Renewed laughter.) Mr. SPEAKER said it was impossible for the chair to know to whom the hon. member referred. (Laughter.) Mr. WILSHIRE rose again amidst deafening cries of " Chair." Mr. SPEAKER said the question had been decided. (Opposition cheers and laughter.) Mr. ABBOTT said he had been seriously thinking of joining the party of law, Older, and respectability, but if what they had seen was to be an exhibition of the governing of the party, he would not join them. (Cheers and laughter.) If the hon. member did not use the word "nonsense" he would willingly apologise for thus accusing him. They might be told that the duty on bacon was imposed by a protectionist, but at the same time they should bear in mind that the protectionist had free trade colleagues (hear, hear-and every free trade Government since that time was responsible for allowing it to remain. That was one of the items that had been kept on for nine or 10 years by the free trade Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Burns entered the House I to remove these duties, but he had not the courage to submit a resolution to that effect. (Hear, hear ) V Could anyone say the bacon was dearer now than it was in 1871, and that the Illawarra farmers had not benefited by the imposition of the duty, and that men in other parts of the country had not largely benefited by it? Then there were biscuits, with a duty of Id , or equal to 2o per cent. Was that a protective duty or not V The result was that manufactories had been built up in Sydney and Newcastle, employing a large number of hands (Opposition cheers.) Would anyone tell him that biscuits, notwithstanding bad s irons and the duty on wheat, were not cheaper now than they were nine or ten years ago, when there were no duties Were the biscuits imported or colonial? Undoubtedly colonial (Hear, hear) 1 take butter, for instance, on which there was a duty of ld per lb , or 20 per cent, hams, 2d per lb , or 20 per cent confectionery, 2d per lb , or in per cent, jams, Id or 30 per cent, kerosene, 6d per gallon, or 50 per cent They were told continually that if they had protective of duties the manufacturers would prosper at the expense of of the consumer, and the price of everything would be raised in consequence of the monopoly given tothesemanufacturcrs He would ask hon. members if the practical effect of this protection on kerosene had been the increase or decrease in the price of kerosene P It was in fact cheaper now than it had been for many years, and if it had not been for the local production, the ring of importers would have forced up the price just in the same way as they had done in jute bales a while ago (Opposition cheers ). It has been also urged that these oil companies which they had in their midst had never paid a dividend, but on looking into the matter he had found that although no dividend had been paid by the Shale and Oil Company, it had paid back 6s 3d per share on its £1 share out of its profits The company pretended to be poor, but this was only another way of declaring a dividend They had imported mlSSSbOl 148 lb of cheese to the value of 120 243 and had exported 214 921 , valued at £420, and St 2438 va!ucdat£2G16 lhas'hocolony had consumed last year cheese to the value of Í1J.7J8 If it had not been for this large duty of 35 percent they would have had no chance at all produced in the colony, for he was obliged to admit that the farmers of this colony were the most slovenly in Australia, and had no idea of high farming, because they had no certainty of a home or market If the farmers had their own market secured to them, and were certain of securing a steady price for their produce, they would go in for a larger class of cultivation Take the question of cheese, would anyone say that it was not better for the farmers to have their own markets entirely for their own produce and to know that they were not liable at any time to be swamped by foreign produce In the same year they had imported bacon and hams to the extent of 1835) 9721b, valued at £49 616, and had exported 28 707 lb. value £777, and 112 886 value £4877 the colony thus consumed in this year £43,161 worth of hams and bacon If there was an article which entered into [ consumption amongst the poorer classes more than another it was bacon and ham and if the breakfast table was to be made cheap, why should these duties be allowed to remain on for one day longer Sir Henry Parkes had promised in 1887 to plant the flag of free trade in every electorate throughout the colony, and had actually secured a free-trade, majority of 40 but still he had allowed these duties to remain on If the freetraders had been truthful and honest to their principles, they would not have allowed these duties to continue in force With regard to kerosene oil, they imported in 1883 1,752 Mb gallons, valued at £93,31 J, and exported 23S 975 gallons, valued at £14 071, so that the colony consumed oil to the value of £79, 242 Would any one say that if the importers had controlled the market they would not have made the consumers pay through the nose for every drop of oil which the used The oil was used most largely in the country districts, and therefore the residents of the city and suburbs did not feel the duty at all. The price of kerosene oil in New York was of 4 old per gallon, and yet they had to pay a duty of 6d a gallon on it here, which amounted to over 50 per cent If wages in protectionist countries were low the cost of living was equivalently low If wages in those countries fell the cost of living for also Would anyone say that biscuits were dearer now than they were 9 or 10 years ago (An hon Member Flour is much cheaper than it was 9 or 10 years ago ) Hour was not cheaper, but biscuits were undoubtedly cheaper We had to go to A Victoria and other protectionist countries for at least three-fourths of what we required for our own people A good deal was said about our exporta- tion of coal but our exportation of coal was paltry as compared with the export of the same mineral from Pittsburg Now there were duties of 2d. on bacon and hams, Id on butter, 2d. on cheese, 6d on kerosene oil and Id on biscuits Now take the protectionist tariff of A victoria in protectionist A lemons there was a duty of 2d up lindon bacon, in free-trade New South Wales we had the same dirty A\ us it not time that the people knew of these anomalies in our tariff sanctioned by a free-trade Government? In A lemons the duty on butter was 2d in New South Wales it was Id The duty on these was 22 in both colonies. In Victoria the duty on biscuits was 2d , here it was Id the duty on kerosene oil was bad in Victoria, and the same in New South sales Freofrndtrs advocated theohsapenint; of meals to the labouring classes, and yet they retained those duties in the face of the fact that it was the masses who consumed the butter, bacon, and cheese upon which duties were loaned 810 duty on butter and cheese from 1871 to loss amounted to about £5131 the calls of 2d on cheese Molded from 1870 to 1888 £40 27) That was the amount wrung out of the pockets of the people by free-trade governments A duty of 20 or 25 percent was not a free-trade tariff That duty had built up the farmers of Illawarra and the South coast The duty of 2d on bacon and hams had, since its imposition and up to 1888, yielded £91,761 Butter, on which there was a duty of Id , that, between 1886 and 1888 yielded £22,29 He justified himself by saying that they, as protectionists, said they must have protection as a whole or not at all If it was good to foster one industry, then it was good to foster every industry He did not care whether that resolution was carried or not He had attained his end in drawing attention to the absurdity of protecting the farmers in one part of the colony and neglecting those of other parts of the colony, and he had pointed out the inconsistent of the Government that unfurled the flag of free trade, and urged that the table of the poor man should be made cheaper, retaining those duties If A lemons imposed duties to build up industries and find employment for her people, she at the same time proposed 10 take duties of those articles she could not produce in the country, but which largely entered into consumption In A lemons it was proposed to take the duty of 35 off tea He maintained that the adoption of 1 protective tariff would lead to the establishment of industries throughout the colony, and then there would be no necessity for sending trucks back empty, as they would be fully employed in both was s He asked to have the duties abolished for the encouragement of protectionists He might be charged with inconsistency hear, hear-but « whether he was or not he had given the freetraders something to answer in regard to the inconsistent of their tariff It they were to be free trade, let them be it, if they were to be protection by all means let them have it It had been said that his motion would embarrass the Government How would it do that Instead of w asking the time of the country the country ought to be thankful to him for showing how false was this free-trade tariff. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'MILLAN said his object in rising was to try to bring hon members back to the real point at issue The freetraders allowed as much as the hon. gentleman who had just spoken that there were many inconsistencies at the present time in the tariff of the country An Hon Member Take them off, then ] The hon member said these inconsistencies had remained in the tariff of the country for the past nine years Then they must have existed when the hon member was a freetrader (Hear, hear), and [A Member of the Government What had the hon. member tabled the the resolution for 141 He (Mr M'Millan) voted with him a against the imposition of the very duties contained in the resolution "If you cannot do so anything that is good and desirable," said Mr Abbott "you should do what you can" Was that not what the last 1 Parkes Government did Did they not take off many duties, and simplify the tariff so that it was now unique as the nearest approach to a free-trade tariff in the world? (Opposition laughter ) 1 they had at the same time to deal with an unprecedented state of the revenue of the country They had to deal with an enormous and continually increas- ing deficit There was an old adage, " You should not throw away dirty water till you get clean," and it applied to finances above everything else They should not throw away certain sources of revenue until the House had given its sanction to some other means of getting revenue (Hear, hear.) At the commencement of the debate he appealed to the hon member to withhold this motion He told him that he intended delivering his financial statement on Wednesday week, and that was as close to the beginning of the session as it was possible for him to deal with it. It was one of the rules of Dust financiers that in dealing with the duties imposed in any country which had long been imposed, duties which affected the commerce of the country, that they should not be dealt with piecemeal, and certainly not by resolutions of the kind before the House. He should be quite prepared when the time came to explain the policy which he considered was right for a free-trade Government but he did say it was most ungenerous, most improper to table a resolution against one of these which he allowed to be anomalous duties in our present day tariff, and try, for party purposes, to save it eliminated He did not object to the position assumed by the hon. member after all He was simply forcing the hands of the Government, and the Government were perfectly willing to take up the position to which he had forced them hear, hear-and he ? Mr McMillan) called upon all free-trade members to vote for the resolution (Hear, hear ) He refused to discuss the general questions introduced into the speech, and upon which quite enough had been said during recent elections The whole question involved in the resolution and the hon member should have confined himself to it-was that in the present tariff there were inconsistent anomalies, and there were duties upon raw materials-(hoar,hear)-that there were duties of a protective character, and those duties, they admitted, were inconsistent with a thorough-going free trade policy. (Hear, hear) But they existed, and in very few cases were they imposed for really protective purposes And he said this, that so far as the farmers on the coast were concerned, that their proximity to the metropolis, and the greater rainfall they possessed, wore a natural protection to them against the interior If they wanted to impose duties of a fair and equitable character upon the farmers, there should be a differential rate That, however, was impossible, and in fairness to the other farmers the duties should be removed Mr Abbott, posing as a fiscal authority, went into the question of the duty on tea What had that to do with a protective policy V [An Hon Member It robs the poor ] The duty on tea was a free-trade duty (Hear, hear ) Under certain circumstances the tariff might reasonably be used as a tax upon the workingman for his protection by the Government up to a certain extent, because he held that although the working-man should not pay anything like the taxation which would be imposed upon him under a system of advalorem duties, still he was to a certain extent protected by the Government, and he ought to pay his quota to the taxation of the country, there was only one matter to which he would refer in the general argument. He wanted to show the utter inconsistency of the hon member, and how little fitted he was to discuss fiscal question He told them that unrestricted importation of goods mount protection to the importing classes, and then he said rings would be formed with regard to every commodity, and the poor man would have to pay through the nose But in the same breath the hon member told them that a free-trade argument was that those men who resorted to manufacturers would themselves become monopolists, and would form rings to bleed the poor men, and he asked would not the laws of competition came in and divide the parties i In the same was, would not the laws of competition inevitably break up every ring established in a country like this V He (Mr M Millan) would be quite consistent with his previous conduct, and should vote for the resolution Mr ALEXANDER BROWN said he believed that Mr Abbott was consistent in his desire to sons of his party, but it was a question for the party themselves to consider whether under all circumstances they could support the resolution It was his duty to move an amendment 11 was " That all the words after that be omitted, with a view to the insertion of the following words ' That inasmuch as the duties at present levied on butter, bacon, cheese, and kerosene are of a profes tive character, and their collection hitherto has encouraged the production of those commodities within our own borders, this House, having regard to the great advance made by the principle of protection as manifested in the result of the recent general elections, is of opinion that the said duties are an instalment of a protective policy, and as such should ass and a systematic revision of the tariff in the direction of that policy." It was impossible to deal with a question of this character without making some reference to the question of free trade and protection. He admitted that it had been debated at museum, but they would perhaps allow him the opportunity of saying a few words upon it. The hon member for East Sydney made reference to the duty on tea as something which was fairly chargeable against the working-men It was singular that, in America that most highly protective of all pro teotlsocountnoa-tea was admitted duty free It had been asserted that the condition of the working-man in America was as bad, if not worse, than it was in any European country In reply to that he would draw the attention of hon members to an article by Matthew Arnold in the Avirtcrnth Cranny of April, 1888, where it was stated that for the bulk of the com- munity-the class of people whose incomes were less than £300 or £400 a year-things in America were favourable America, so far as the social condition of her people was concerned, was a country which, in his opinion, they might all endeavour to emulate the condition of the working classes in America was superior to that or any other part of the world, and as regards privileges and advantages, and the rate of w us, the condition of the working classes there was immeasurably superior to any country in the world. He was prepared to resume his seat upon receiving the assurance of the hon member for East Sydney that these duties, when a revision of the tariff took place, would be taken off Mr FULLER said he had often heard outside the House that Mr Abbott was a politician of great pluck and great moral character, but he failed to you that he had established a great reputation for courage that evening He should hardly have thought that a man of his standing in the House and before the country would have gone out of his way to make such an attack as he had made on an unfortunate politician named 1 utter Air Abbott had made reference to some remarks of his that had been made at a meeting at Kogarah, reported in theoyrfniy Morning Herald, with regard to the at option of the butter, bacon, and cheese duties He thought it was an improper thing to pick out one set of duties that they wanted to abolish while another set of duties were left on the hon member for W Wentworth seemed to think that the whole prosperity of the South Coast farmers depended upon the small duties on butter, bacon, and cheese but he could inform him that the prosperity of the South Coast far in ra was not due to the protective duties which had been put upon those commodities Under the protective duties produce on the South Coast went down to such a low ebb that they had to make a thorough investigation into the butter market to improve their condition The people down there went to the trouble and expense of sending the president of the Agricultural Society, Mr Dymock, home to inquire into a proper system of dairy farming The result was that they had established throughout the whole district dairy factories, and when Mr Abbott said that there were no intelligent farmers in the South Coast district, and that the farmers were a slovenly 1st, he would ask them to look to the farmers of v victoria who recently sent a representative to inquire into the dairy factories in the South Coast district There were more dairy factories in the single little district of Kiama than there were in the whole of Victoria He believed there were only two in Victoria, while in the Kiama district there were 13 or 14 There was another reason why the farmers in the South Coast district prospered, and that was the opening of a co-operative establishment in Sydney at a cost of some £30,000 or i 10 000, the result of which was that they always received good prices for the butter If Mr Abbott had been true to what he had said, he would have brought forward a motion doing away with all duties The great objection that he (Mr Fuller had to Mr Abbott's motion was that it was brought forward in a factious spirit The attack of the hon. member for V\ ont« north on the farmers of the South Coast district was totally unjustifiable and uncalled for The action he had taken was taken because he believed the motion was brought forward in a factious spirit Mr WOODWARD resented the insult of the hon member for V\ ontworth to the farmers of Illawarra 1 Fortunately for himself and for the honour and integrity of his electorate, he had appealed to the people on the question of free trade and protection, and informed them that he was in favour of the abolition of these duties (Hear, hear ) Therefore, it ill because the hon member for Went srth to allude to the farmers of the Flag Yarra district in the way he did The hon member mixed up the electorates so much that he was perfectly satisfied that gentleman knew nothing about the district He intended to vote for the motion (Hear, hear.) Mr. LINSLEY said the hon member for Wentworth made an implication to the effect that he (Mr Linsley) had made his money through the duties on butter, bacon, and cheese. He retired from the business in 1898, and the duties were not imposed till 1871 Those duties he knew from practical experience, had not been worth a farthing to the farmers of the South Coast district (Hear, hear) The market was controlled by supply and demand Mr H CLARKE said he did not approve of the motion. He was a moderate protectionist, and it was a motion which he could not under any circumstances v oto for He was confident that these duties had done great good to the farmers of the South Coast district, who however, had a handicap of farmers in other districts in the facilities provided for bringing their produce to market the duties had been of great benefit to the farmers, and he hoped they would not be removed The protectionists were in a minority of 40 members in the last Parliament, while now they were within three or four of the total of the freetraders He hoped that in the next Parliament the protectionist body would be largely augmented. He would support the amendment Mr. MORTON said he would vote for the motion, but at the same time he wished to say that Mr. Abbott was inconsistent in depriving his party of a part of their policy. The producers should not be protected at the expense of non- producers. He hoped the Treasurer, when the time came, would remove many other duties and establish a consistent policy. The taxes should be removed from the articles consumed by the working classes, and imposed upon commodities used by the rich people, if they were to be imposed at all. He would vote as a freetrader. Mr. COPELAND did not think the time was an opportune one for such a motion, and he scarcely thought it was Mr. Abbott's intention to deal with the question in a serious manner. It looked to him like a cross-eyed motion emanating as it did from their side of the House. (Hear, hear.) He was one of those who preferred half-a-loaf to no bread, and would fight tooth and nail not only for these duties, but for protection all round. The duties in question had been of great benefit to the farmers in other parts of the country as well as the South Coast district. The produce' lay rotting often in many parts of the colony, simply be cause it did not pay to send it to Sydney, on account of the railway rates. He did not care to enter into the matter seriously this evening as he hardly believed that the hon. member for Wentworth intended the motion seriously, and he was not prepared to vote with him. He believed that in a couple of years at any rate, when the next dissolution took place, they would be able to give effect to a protective policy in a proper manner, and, therefore, he did not consider that they should pass a motion of this kind for the sake of reta- listing on two or three electorates, which would only do an injury to the farming community in many parts of the colony. The question was in reality quite a new one, for many of the farmers had practically no idea of the real ethics of the question of free trade v protection It was his intention to vote against the motion, whether the amendment was moved or not but he trusted that both the motion and the amendment would be withdrawn. The last Parkes Government had not been true to its pledges, and had not had the courage of its opinions, otherwise it would have removed those duties and the other protective duties which it had allowed to continue in force The only manufactures which were really prosperous a j holding their own, were those which were protected by these duties Mr TONKIN thought the whole of the freetraders of the House should thank the hon member for Wentworth for bringing forWard that motion He thought, nevertheless, that the hon gentleman had been influenced by pique in submitting it So far as inconsistency was concerned, that gentleman was the king of inconsistency It was beneath the dignity of the hon member for Went worth to introduce such a con tompltblo resolution, the object of which was to enable Mr Abbott to vent his spleen upon one or two members of the House If the into Government had knocked off the whole of those duties in addition to those they had abolished, where would they have got the revenue from Would it be the act of any sensible body of men to throw away the whole of the revenue without having made provision for making it good? He did not think there was a single protectionist member of the House who would dare to vote for the motion He would vote for the motion, and he was sure every freetrader would vote for it. Mr O'SULLIVAN would support the amendment He hoped that every true protectionist would support the amendment He thought it was rencontre sensible that those duties had had a protectionist tendency It had been said that the effect of them had been to lower the price of commodities to which they applied Why, that was what pro tectionists argued was the effect of protectionist duties It seemed to him the protectionist party had a clear duty before them Mr Abbott had achieved his object in showing the inconsistency of the position held by the free (trade party If it was impossible to get at the Government by argument surely the hon member had a right to meet it with ridicule That was what he had been doing he had been quietly satirising them, and it was now the duty of the Opposition to vote for the amendment. Mr. ALLEN agreed with the previous speaker that the mover of the resolution had been ridicul- ing the House, for the resolution he moved was the most stupid ever tabled It was nothing more nor less than a political trap set to catch hon. members on the Government benches who might be napping Never in all his experience had he found so much in- sincerity and so much political bunkum He was surprised at the member for Wentworth coming forward with such a bogus resolution to test the principles of the House Andhowaasur posed that the leader of the Opposition, who in 1886 spoke strongly against protection, should support the resolution [Mr Davis I am going to vote against it ] Under all this affected levity there was the manifestation of a most eager and earnest advocacy of protection Many of the speakers from the opposition claimed to be in downright earnest in this matter. He was quite as earnest and he said that if they would go the whole way with protection he was with them he believed that the time would come when freedom of commerce would be the delight of this land Hon gentlemen opposite had turned them about not being consistent freetraders because they had not an entirely free trade tariff but would those gentlemen give them an entirely protectionist policy? It was well known that they would not do so of a protectionist policy would benefit the masses he would be a protectionist to- morrow, but he would never be a protectionist when it meant protecting the monopolist Mr EDMUNDS said that whatever the object of the hon member for V ontw north in introducing this resolution it might be said sincerely, from the lips of one who did not intend to vote for the motion, that the result of it would be a benefit to the cause of protection The Colonial treasurer had said that they had had the free trade and protection question debated ad nauseam, but he could assure the hon gentleman that he would hear more of it. When the ma told al wants of the country were attended to the question would be keenly contested He did not intend to vote for the motion, because were he to vote for it he would not justify himself in his own conscience He intended to vote for the amendment of the hon member for Newcastle, and his reason was, that with reference to these particular industries they had a striking example of the benefit of a protect severance Mr SEAVER said he was glad to have such an able man as the hen member for Wentworth supporting his contention that the duties on butter, bacon, cheese, and kerosene should be removed He ridiculed the late Parkes Government for abolishing the ad valorem duties, and at the same time putting on the duties on bacon, butter, cheese, and kerosene, and increasing the excise duties. Mr H LYNES contended that the farming industry depended, not on free trade or protection, hut on enterprise Mr DOWEL rose amidst cries of Divide," remarking that as many members wished to speak on the subject before recording their votes the debate should be adjourned, and allowed to take precedence of the homes the following evening. He mused the adjourn- ment of the debate Mr CRICK thought there was no necessity for any further expressions of opinion, as os ery member had made up his mind as to how he would vote The division should be taken at once. Mr. WALL said he would vote against the motion, and also against the amendment, because the amendment amounted to a vote of censure on the Government. Mr HURLEY said that the question of taking a duty off kerosene had been included in the resolution, and as he represented a district in which this industry was established, at Hartley A alo, notwithstanding that this industry was so largely represented in his electorate, he intended to vote for the motion, because he thought it was wrong to call upon the consumer of any article to pay an extreme price for that article in order to benefit the few The success of the farming population of America is attributable to the fact that the produce was carried to the market at a rate that did not pass the railway companies The farmers here were handicapped by the excessive carriage rates, which prevented those at a distance sending their produce to the metropolitan market the Government should take an example by what had been done in America in order foster population Mr McRAE said that the Kiama dairymen did not themselves deserve to be protected flies were now supplying milk to the metropolitan district from which the cream had been taken off He would oppose the motion on behalf of the lucerne growers of the Hunter, who were dependent upon the South Coast dairymen to consume their product Mr MITCHELL said he would vote for the motion, and was sorry it did not go much further, for he would vote, not alone for the red end of the duties on butter, bacon, and cheese, but it on biscuits, candles, cornflour, may zone, confectioners, fish, fruits, and hams Mr REID supported the motion for the adjourn- ment of the debate Mr TOOHEY said that the amendment was not in any sense a motion of censure but was only moved to cause the protectionists could not consistently with their principles, vote for this motion Mr ABBOTT, simply, pointed out that agriculture, without manufacture s, could be of but little value, as if every one was an agriculturist no one could be a consumer He had not tried to make this matter a party one, but had simply moved the resolution in order to make the freetraders give practical effect to the policy which they professed The Opposition had a perfect right to take any course that might be deemed advisable in the interests of the country So far as the Opposition was concerned he could say that the Government would receive every consideration in the two questions of land legislation and adjustment of the finance, but beyond that they would receive no consideration The motion for the adjournment of the debate was negatived on the voices. The House then divided on Mr. Brown's amendment with the following result : AYES-44. Ryrie Chanter O'Sullivan Traill Copeland, H. Brown, A. Howe Jones, T. M'llae Clarke, H. Barnes Dalton Cruickshank. Nicholl Perry NOES-52. Sutherland Wilshire Lees Martin Ball Jlaynes Plumb M'Cotirt Hawkin Barnes Green Allen Abbott, W. E. Scoble Dangar, 0.9. Bawth in Mitchell Stephen, W. Sheet Cooke Inglis Holborow Taylor, II. 'force Playfair Reid Bowman King Hutchinson A'Beckett Garland Hurley Shepherd Thompson, Teuere. Copland, D, Hare Slattery Lyne Hutchison "Willis Dr. Bell Ferguson Creor Crick M'farlane Dibbs Gormly Hogan Torpy Parkes, Sir H. M'.MUlan Smith, Brace O'Connor Gould Brunker Nobbs Smith Sydney Paul Ritchie Curruthers Abbott, J. P. Cullen Burdekin Seaver Moreton Woodward See Ewing Cass Stevenson Al'Klanon Stephen, H. Walker Fitzgerald Barbour Wright Edmund Dawson Stokes The motion was therefore negatived. Pairs. For the amendment: Messrs. Waddell, Alison, Gnrvjn, Fletcher. Toohey, Fuller, J. Wilkinson, Gough, Colls, Melville, Grahams. Against : Man. Molesworth? R. B. Wilkinson, J. Abbott, Tonkin, Clubb, F. Smith, Gar lard, Lamb, Turner. Garrett, Farnell. the House then divided on the original motion. Mr. Green crossed to the other side, thus making the Ramblers for the original motion Ayes 6 noes 46. " The question was therefore resolved in the affirmative. v (Opposition cheers.) F THE CONSTITUTION ACT OF 1884. Mr. HURLEY moved for leave to introduce a bill to amend the Constitution Act of 1884. Mr. CRICK asked for information regarding the bill. Sir HENRY PARKES said it was usual to allow an hon. member the privilege" of introducing a bill. There would be plenty of opportunity of speaking upon it on a subsequent date. Mr. DIBBS : What is the meaning of the bill ? Sir HENRY PARKES : I think It is the re-election of Ministers. Mr. DIBBS : Why are we not told that It is usual to say a few explanatory words of a bill when introducing it. Mr. CRICK expressed his opposition to the bill, amidst cries of " Adjourn," and was continuing his remarks when the Speaker left the chair for half an hour for refreshment. The House was sitting when we went to press. 