VELVET AND RAGS. By Robert P. Whitworth. (By permission of the, author.) THE LIGHT COMEDIAN'S STORY, No. III. Who is there in this wide land of Australia who has not at some time or other heard of the late lamented John Dunn? John Dunn, poor Jack Dunn, as his friends loved to call him, the very prince of comedians, tlfe very king of good fellows ! Who amongst theatre goers has forgotten him? Who amongst his personal acquaintances can ever forget him, " his quips, his cranks, his flashes of merriment, that were wont to set the table in a roar?" Alas, poor Jack ! cut off in his career almost without warning, a few years since, as lie was going from his place of abode in Carlton to his business of rehearsal at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. How many of the good old stock actors have joined the great majority during a period that seems, as it were, only yesterday, since Daddy Rogers, old Lambert', James Milne, Stuart O'Brien — Why go 011 ? their places knew them no more. But of all perhaps none dwell in the fond memory like John Dunn. His portly figure, well set up, buttoned up closely in his black frock coat, spick, span, neat, trim, looking" like nothing so much as a retired major, in the Army, unless indeed it were a bishop, or at the very least a dean, or some'1 other profoundly respectable dignitary of the Established Church with a fat salary, and an unquestionable judgment in port wine ; his jolly round face, liis rosy clean-shaven gills beaming with fun and bon-hommie, his eye twinkling with mischief, and ever on 'the look out for an unsuspecting victim of a "sell," and his hearty fat laugh which could not but infect all listeners with laughter likewise. Pew there are amongt his friends, and they were legion, both profes sional and non- professional, but can recall some of his exquisitely droll sayings and queer anecdotes, of both I of which he possessed an inexhaustible fund, and which it was his delight to pour forth in an apparently Interminable "stream. Truly John telling funny stories was John in all his glory, and verily, I do believe, he used to say comical things, even in his sleep. But his greatest delight was to " sit upon " affecta tion, impertinence, conceit, impudence, insolence, ox- vulgar assumption. The way he used to draw his unconscious victims out, and the artless.and ingenuous manner in wliich he used to relate the wildest marvels, would keep those who knew what he was at, in a simmer of pent-up enjoyment, while the denouements of these intensely practical jokes could not but pro duce roars of laughter, at which John would open his eyes and look innocently surprised, as if wondering what on earth people -were laughing at. Of the many good stories told, of . John Dunn the one I am about to relate is, I think, one of the best, not so much from its point, perhaps, as from the stupendous magnificence of its mendacity, the luxuri ance of its garniture, and the astounding manner in which the wildest i-hodomontade of improbability and absurdity were woven into a tangible web. JLnus it> was. uonn was going irom ivieioourne to Hobart Town by one of the intercolonial steamers, and and amongst his fellow passengers were the colonel and a number of the officers of a regiment that had been ordered there. They were just out from England, did not know John, and as is usual with too many members of the new. chum persuasion, were inclined to give themselves airs. Now, if there were one thing he hated more than another, it was this very new chum assumption of superiority. He was a man of the world, one who could hold his own in" any company, and who liked to be hail-fellow-well-met with all kinds of people. Be he duke or be he dust man, be he bishop or be he bookmaker, he was all as one to J ohn, so long as he' behaved himself and didn't put on " frills." But some of these young military snobs, impressed with 'their own importance, and the vast gulf which lay between themselves and the common colonials, didn't see John's good fellowship from his point of view, and if 'they didn't exactly snub the "dash'd actor fellah," they put on a little, more " side " than he liked or was used to. For- the first day he put up with it, and said nothing. But the second the spirit of mischief got hold of him, and he determined on having his revenge. " Oh ! " said he to himself, "'I'm not good enough for those unlicked young cubs, arn't I ? We'll see ! " It was a bright day with a calm sea, dinner was j.ust over, and the passengers were sitting over their wine, cracking their walnuts and chatting. The officers were telling the usual interminable mess stories about Smith of ours, Jones of the 77th, Brown of the Artillery, Robinson of the 21st, and the like, to the to the total exclusion, not to say extinction, of John. Suddenly, in a lull in the conversation, he called out from the bottom of the table, where he was sitting in meek obscui'ity, to the captain of the vessel — one of the Macleans, I believe it was — "Oh, by the "way, captain, what these gentlemen are talking about reminds me — did- 1 ever tell you about myself ' and Arthur?" < . ' Arthur," repeated the captain, " what Arthur ? " " What Arthur ! Why Arthur— the Arthur— there's only one Arthur — my Arthur — your Ax-tliur — every body's Arthur. " "I'm afraid I don't quite know whom you mean, Jack," said the captain, dubiously. "God blss my soul, I mean Arthur— Arthur Wellesley — the Duke — Wellingtoxi, yon know.". " Oh ! " — replied the captain, smelling a joke — " No, Jack,. I don't think you ever did. What is it ? " There was a dead silence at the table. Even the colonel paused with , his glass half way to his lips, as John replied, gravely shaking his head, " Oh, a little incident; nothing much. Arthur and I. were old cronies, you know."- "Oh yes, Jack, I know the duke was very fond of you." "Fond ! why he and I were sworn brothers, a regular case of Damon and Pythias. I saved his life in Spain, you know." " Yes, so I've heard," said the captain ; " how. was that, by the way ? " V ' It need not be said that by this time the attention of every person at table was centred on John, and without the ghost of a smile he px-oceeded :— "Oh, simply enough. He and I were walking 'out side the lines one day at Lezaca, asking pne another riddles. Arthur was aljvays very fond of riddles. Used, to make 'em up in after years, and send 'em , to the Family Herald and Reynolds' Miscellany, W ell, a party of French skirmishers saw us, and gave us chase ; Arthur sprained his ancle, and so I took him pick-a- back, and ran with him a mile and a half ! I got shot iii my — well, never mind — my Tear. Arthur never forgot it. Wrote a most affecting acrostic on the affair! lie next day, and sent it home in his despatches for insertion in the Times , but the Earl of Liverpool wouldn't allow it. Said he could stand a good deal, but he'd be hanged if he'd allow his general officers to descen.d so low. as to write for the papers. However, as I was saying about Waterloo— but," he interrupted himself innocently, " perhaps these gentlemen don't care about hearing the story ? " " Oh yes, go on ; pray go on," resounded from all parts of the saloon, and John, feeling himself master of the situation, did go on." " Well, gentlemen; it arose out of a bet in this way. You see I was at' the Duchess of Richmond's ball at Brussels the night before the battle, and was dancing with somebody, the Countess of Uxbridge, I think it was, when Arthur came behind me. and touched me on the elbow. The quadrille was just over,' and I followed him into an ante-room. 'Jack, old cockolorum,' he said, 'I'm in a blue funk !' ' Oh, nonsense, Arthur,' ' says I ; 'funk ! what, you ! I'll tell you what it is, old chap; if any one else had said that, I'd have knocked him down.' 'It's true,' he replied sadly, shaking his head. 'What's the matter?' I asked. 'Jack,' he said, 'I'm in a mess, a deuce of a mess, and I don't see my way out of it. I want your ad vice.' With that he showed me the whole plan of the battle. I'm not a iixilitaryman myself, gentlemen, but I had studied such mattei-s hundreds of times with Arthur, and I saw the weak point at once. I thought over the position for a few seconds, aiid then Arthur said, ' Well, what do you think of it, Jack? looks fishy, doesn't it ? ' I pointed to a hill on the map, and said ; ' There, mass your men there, and keep 'em -there;, mind you don't get outflanked on this side, but keep your men on the crown of that hill— if you lose that; you're a goner ! ' Now, gentlemen, I'm a modest man, as you may observe, and I don't mean to say that I won Waterloo, but I do say this, that, but for my advice, and his" acting on it, things might have been- very different to what they turned out— might have been I say. Arthur Wouldn't hear of my going with him in to action. ' No, Jack,' he said, ' if 1 fall, or if I lose this game, I want one faithful friend to carry my last words to England. Remain here, and I'll send you the news whether Waterloo is won or lost.' I begged hard to go with him. but he wouldn't have it. Well, gentlemen, you all know the result of that greatest of battles. . " But all this is hardly my story. Years after, when I was doing my Jim Crow business in London, I was playing a quiet game of pool at White's, with the Earl of Macclesfield, Lord Lucan, Young Alf. Paget, Old -Dot and Carry One, that's what we used to call the Marquis of Anglesey you know, the Duke of Clarence, and a lot of other fellows, when we all got talking about Waterloo. Somebody, Colonel MacDonald I think it was, said that after the last charge of the Buonaparte's cuirassiei-s aiid Polish Lanceis, Arthur called out 'Up guards and at 'em.' Lord Somerset said he didn't. Cavendish said he did, and they got to high words about it. Then they app'ealed tome, but as I wasn't there, I couldn't tell 'em. At last they betted tripe and onions and bottled stout for the cx-owd, and I was deputed to go to Hyde Park corner and ask Arthur. Well, I jumped into the Marquis of Exeter's cab, and away I went. The porter at Apsley House, that old- fellow with the scarlet waistcoat, that Arthur used to call Cock Robin, knew me well enough, so he sent in to see whether the Duke was engaged. I didn't think he would be, for he'd asked me to drop in during the day, the night before, at the theatre. By the way he'd been on the stage that night, I remember, made up for some supernumary part. He was very fond of larks of that kind, and one day, for a wager, walked from Temple Bar, past the Horse Guards, through St. James' Park, and along the Mall, made up as a chimney sweep. However, the servant said his grace was en gaged, but would I walk into the library ! There he was, sure enough; with Bobby Peel, the Duke of Devon- shire, the Archbishop of Cantei-bury, and 'the Bishop of London. 'Hallo, Jack,' said he, 'sit down and have some whisky. Help yourself, old sonny, and pass' the bottle. What's up Jack?' I suggested that he had better see me privately, but he said, ' Hang it, no, let's hear what's the inatter ; some lark I bet ;' and he winked knowingly at the bishop. Well, I told him about the wager, and asked for an answer. His reply was — just- like him — he jumped up, kicked the cat, threw his accordion — he was a great player on the concertina — threw his accordion at the clock, and roared out : ' Look here Jack, yon tell Cavendish and M.acDonald that they're a pair of confounded idiots, and that I never uttered such infernal rot in my life ! And so' said John, looking round triumphantly, 'I think that settles that question. ' " There was a pause, and an awful silence, and the officers from the colonel down to the youngest ensign, stared at one another, and at John with awe and amazement. What manner of man was this who, so to speak, had slapped the high and xnighty "Iron Duke" on the back, and who had hobnobbed with peers and prelates as if they had been Tom Noakes and Jack Styles? Then the colonel ventured to ask him to join him in a glass of wine. And there were no more frills put on that voyage, you may bet. But, after all, it is questionable .if the sequel were not still more amusing. Walking a few days after wards along Macquarie Street, Hobart Town, who shoiild'the veracious John meet but the colonel. Up went John's hand in salute en militaire, and he was passing on. But the Colonel stopped, saying " Ahem, aw, aw, Mr. Dunn, I beg. your pardon, I'm sure you'll excuse liie, but did I understand you to say that his grace the-Duke of .Wellington, aw, really did use the, aw, precise language you repeated the other day." John beamed a genial smile at the other's mystified , expression of countenance, as he replied confidentially " To tell the truth Colonel, since you put it to me. in that way, I must inform you I never saw the Duke of Wellington in my life." o» 