gascoyne races. From our own Correspondent. After the restless struggles of another year, during which time the members of the Gas- coyne community have been scattered the length and breadth of the district, the race festival brincr to manv a brief season of" tinn- pines s and enjoyment, during which time the people are united, and meet once againin that happy state of companionship . and mutual good will, which is a source of pure unalloyed delight. So the carnival of 1889 approached in all its bluff and hearty honesty, a season of hospitality," merriment, bd open heartedness. =The hatchet buried ah& the.wonnds of the 'past healed, at any rate " for the time being. Was there not this brisrht feature to the ra/A meeting half; its usefulness would be gone, and I can be pardoned if I dwell ' persistently year after year upon this period in " the Gas- cbyhe history as one fraught with reconcilia- tory measures. Here comes from Hie North and South and East and West of the digfcrfctr smiling squatters, having just shorn their sheep with splendid results, shearers with big cheques, pearlers with sunburnt feces, and old ladies and young ladies with faces ablaze with joy, all come for dancing, for treating, and if possible under any circumstances for happi ness. The much worked and wearied store- - keeper closes his store and wends his way to the festival, the clerks, the mechanics, the lfiLflFArC. GTID fi.TIll 9.11 flimiir wvvvii VUGIL Aiupit— ments of toil, and call themselves for a day or two free men, and wing themselves forth into the world of happiness and joy. Happy festi val this that wins us back into those ways of unselfishness, of liberal mindedness, of open heartedness and kindness. If we fail to meet as on Flemtngton and . Randwick, -persons of most peculiar interest and which, attract our attention on acconnt of their grotesque ap pearance. and their singular-- Aehaviour, we still occasionally meet on the Gascoyne coarse those appendages to every race meeting, the bookies, and the men who ran the games of Spinning Jinny, and Under and Over, but side of these and very far removed from them we here meet those who are particnlarly in teresting to us inasmuch as they form part of the history of the Gascoyne. We behold, quietly scanning the different events in a most gentlemanly manner giving orders to his men, that gentleman who' occupies at the present moment the proud position of owning the best horse in Western Australia. I speak of Mr. Rotten. Close by we see and hear one who is a contrast, but without whom the races would be tolerably dead, and I would sooner that . the races were run without horses than Mr. Fitzpatrick should be. missing from our yearly carnival, and it is one of the most refreshing features of the day to hearthe owner of- Dairy Creek "praising one of those horses which he has bred on his station, and if now and again, he grows Buzfuzian" in his reiterations and ex clamations, it only lends an extra charm to the occasion. With Messrs.- Mackintosh and vv uomouse we nave a qnartette ol horsey -men. which would .do credit to any district. Near at hand whilst jotting , down these notes stands, happy and contented, if smiling face and splendid condition denotes, such, our worthy E.M. eagerly devouring every feature of interest. Now and again I can catch sight of Mr. Matheson, as in intervals he slacks in. his endeavours to make a position of the gathering, contented and happy. Mr. Bun- bury one of the hardest workers for the" club, is busily employed, testifying that through he want of effort on his part will the me -ting lack interest. That indefatigable laborer in our social world is all ablaze with go and energy, I refer to Mr. Baston. And strolling about, slyly joking with the fair ones, now and again, enjoying a pleasant laugh maybe observed the respected gentleman of the bar, Mr. Barratt. Many other gentlemen are to be seen, that ever welcome face of Mr. Campbell, with the none less so Mr. John Brockffl an, Mr. Hope, Mr. Manrfield, and others ton . numerous to mention. No effort appears to have been spared to make the -meeting a- sig nal success. The stewards have worked with zeal and energy and if we can call this meet ing one of the best we have had, it can bo justly attributed to the unwearing efforts of the stewards. We had looked for a visit from Mr. Sholl our respected and valued member, bnt were doomed to disappointment, inas much as his public duties compelled Mm to remain in the metropolis, he however wished by telegram success to the meeting. Remote hopes were entertained that out of dnsty wardrobe, our moth eaten dress suits would have been enabled to come, owing to a visit from His Excellency the Governor who is mnch respected and admired throughout the Gascoyne. But we learnt with sorrow that we sbonld have to place one more cake of camphor in the wardrobe, and bide the time until a Governor conld visit ns. Bnt failing the excitement which would have been caused by a visit. from these gentlemen, we had to make, the most of the material at our disposal, end this we assuredly did."- The morning of. the sixth broke fine and warm, by half past eleven the majority -of-the—peopie had past through the gates .and taken, up their position on the coarse. I was mnch struck with the large number of the Indies on the conrse and one wondered trom wnence tnose angels or light, if for a moment I may grow poetical, had come. Bnt come they had, lending beauty and grace to a scene without which would- be devoid of its grandest and most glorious tint. And though, through some cause or another we may have grown women haters, we have to admit that their presence softens the hard lines of. a picture, and even a race course- brighter and more beaatif nl by their presence. The filthy dust prevented them appearing in those - bright color dresses whish otherwise doubtless they would appear in. Bnt if now and again some fair Amazon dared to brave the dust by taking off her dust cloak one caught sight of some bright color, mid here and there were some who braved the elements and made the ground picturesque by the rich color of their attire. The attendance of the gentlemen was as numerous as usual. The following are the results of the two days racing : — FIRST DAY. Gascotne Plate. — A handicap of 20 sovs Sweep of 1 sov. each from all starters to go to the second horse. Distance, one mile. ' Smith & Go's be Hermit aged, 9st 71b, - (Burns) ... ... ... i SmitK & Co's b c Hero U. aged fist 7ft>, (Smith) ... ... v.. ... ... 2 Only two starters. Maiden Plate. — Of 30 sovs. Sweep of 30s each from all starters to go to the second horse. Distance, If miles. Weights for age. Open only to West Australian-bred horses that have never won an advertised race exceeding JE10 in one stake on the flat. Smith & Go's b gLantern 6 yearE8st 121&, (Bnnis) ... ... 1 BjanArNatcbfe brg Bachelor 6years, 9Bt : 3BS (Fitepatrick) ... .... ... .... 2, I. H,Mansfield'a eg Goldfish 6 years, 9st 3fb (Woolhouse) ... ... ... ... 2 Smith A Bird's gg Rosin 4 yeax8, 8ot ISffi (LMartiu) . — ... 9 . Rosin making a bad start wax not in tbe TUe. but theothers 'madeagoodrace, Bache lor pushing Lantern to the finish, and had \- Bachelor not broken down, he probably would \- Rave naade a bigger show for winnar. Lantern wonnplendidly. Bettlees' Stakes. — Of 50 eovs. Sweep of £2 10s each from all starters to go to the 8econd horse. Distance, l j miles. Weights forage. Frfczpatrick & Ryans blkh Fishmonger, (Cynic— S candalmonger) 4yrs, 9st 4lh (Woolhonse) ... 1 Smith & Co's b c Hartlands (Neckeragat— Meg Merrile) 3 yrs, 7st 9ffi (Burns) ... 2 Only two stewtedfor this race, .and it was anticipated that a good and close race would be.seen, however being the favour- ite. When passing the stand the firat time Haiflmiila ma alighfly Iwniing1, aposition he ' maintained until the seven furlong post was i reached when Fishmonger drew up alongside of him, it was seen that Hartlands was run ning himself out. A neck and neck race en- Sued ontilthe straight was gained when the race became severe, each horse doing its ut most to reach home first, which was eventual-: ly accomplished ByFishmonger, beatingHart- Ifehds bv about half a lencrth. S :lling RAOSteHOf . 30 - so vs. -Sweep -of one sov each from allstarters:. to go to second horse. Distance, once round the &ur;<e. . Wei-, ter weights tor age. Winner to be sold with «ngagemeo£s for JBL any surplus to go to the < funds of the club. B aitfa & Cos bg Ianteni 6 yrs, lOst lllb (Burns) ... ... — --- -1 Smith & Bird's gg Rosin 4 yrs, lOst lllb (Wood) — ... .... ... 2- Smith & Bird's eg Squatter aged, lOst lllb (Bnvn) ... ... - ... 3 : Won easily by Lantern. Rosin a bad second. Squatter ran an inferior horse from thestartand j was nerer a likely winner. Bberdbrs' Stakes. — Of 25 eovs. Sweep of. 2Se from all starters to go to second horse. . Distance, six furlongs. Welter weights for \- age. For two and three-year-old horses only, bred in the Gaseoyne, Lyons, Minilya, Lyn don and Worramel hSvers, and at Shark's Bay only. Smith j& Co's b g Music 2 years, 8st lib, (Burns) ... ... — ... ... 1 Smith A Cb'e bg Piping Tom, 2 years, 8st lib (Smith) . — , .. — — ... 2 3\. Fitipatrick"s b f Clematis, 2 years, 8stllb (J. Fitzpatrick) ... ... 3 J. h. Mansfield's b c Orator 3 years, lOst 21b (T.Brown) — ... ... ... 0 J. D. Mackintosh's bg Radiance 3 years, 9st iltb (W. Woolhonse) O After a grand race Music won fairly easily followed by Piping Tom. Minilya Handicap. —Of 75 sovs. Sweep of " 3 sovs each from all starters, two-thirds of sweep to go to second horse, one-thira sego to third home. Distance, If miles. Smith A Co's b g Hermit." aged, 9st (Burns) 1 J. D. Mackintosh's brg Hero aged 6st 71b (A. Fitzpatrick) ... ... — . — 2 Mirage was disqualified from second place for running inside the posts at the Mart. Hero did sot come up to my expectation. I thought that with fist 71b up he wonld push old Hermit and the mare, but it was first time round he was eader Me- whip, - and never had a ghost of a ebance ot winning, Hermit running as gamely asever. ... , : BBOGND "DAY. V Distmct Plate.— -Of 40 sovs. Sweep of 2 sovs each from all starters to go to the seeond horse. Distance, 1 mile. Weiglit for age. Open only to horses bred in tlie Gaseoyne Rlecioral District. 3\. Fitzpatriek's br g Freuuer 6 years, 9st 21b (A. Fitzpatrick) ... ... ... — 1 Smith A Co's br g Music 2 years, 7st 41b (Smith) ... 2 A. G. Morgan's feb Isaac Walton 3 years, Sst 31b (Brown) — 3 Smith & Co's bg Piping Tom 2 years, 5st lllb (Dick) 0 J . H. Mansfield's be Orator 3 years, 8st (J. Fitzpatrick) 0 J. D. Mackintosh's bg Radiance 3 years, 7st 91b (M. Fitzpatrick) 0 B» Macncfi's bg Garabaldi 5 years, 8st lllb (J. Martin) 0 \- Tbe race bronght the largest field of the meet ing together, and a very respectable lot of dis trict horses they looked. A splendid race en sued which was eventually won by that old favourite Premier who ran a plucky race, close ly followed by that small home Music who carry 201b overweight and mode a struggle . for fust p1are,xcnning in-amost wonderful manner. Carnarvon Cur. — A handicap of 100 sovs. Sweep of 3.Eovs«ach from all starters to go to the . second - horse, third horse to save its stakes. Distance two miles. Winner of Minilya Handicap to carry a penalty of 71b. Smith, ft Co's b g Hermit aged, 9st 71bs (Burns) 1 Smith & Co's b m Mirage aged, 8st 91b (Smith) 2 After a canter twice rotma the course, a quick gallop took place in the straight, Hermit winning. e rtissfi.— 01 9 sovs, zu sovs ror first horse, 5 sovs for second horse. Distance, 1 mile. Minimum weight lOct 71b. Open only to horses that have been tbe bona fide property of residents on stations on tbe Gas eoyne, Lyons, Minilya, Lyndon, and Worra mel rivers, and at Sharks Bay, for at least two months preyipas to date of meeting, and that have never .won .an advertised race. Station owners, and horses the property of station owners, debarred from competing. John Shea's b g Robin aged, lOst 71b (IV. Hatch) .... : ..... ..." ... 1 J. H. Mansfield's eg Goldfish 5 years, lOst 71b (T. Brown) .2 Two others competed. Ladies' Bracelet. — Ladies' bracelet, with 10 sovs added by the club to go to the owner of the winner. Distance, I mile and a distance. Welter weights for age. All horses to be nominated by ladies. The nominator of the first bome to receive bracelet valued £15, of second horse, bracelet valued £10, of third horse, bracelet valned £5. Amateur : riders, members of tbe Gaseoyne Racing Club. Miss Isabel Rotten's b c Hartlands (Neck- ersgat — Meg Merirle) 3 years, 9st 12ld (T. Brown) 1 Miss Lina Rotten's cc Wandering Willie (Two of Hearts— Shadow) 4 years, 12et (G. H. Rotten) 2 Mrs. Fitzpatriek's blk e Fishmonger (Cynic —Scandalmonger) 4 years, list (W. Woofhouse) ... i 3 Mis. G. H. Rotten's bg Hermit aged, lOst 121b (R. Macaeil) ... 4 Hermit went away making tbe running at a quick pace closely followed fay Wandering- Willie wfao soon left Hermit behind, Wander ing Willie then cat oat for himself, Hartlands j next with Fishmonger, handy. This order was maintained until the latter part of the way home when Hartlands gained first place: Wandering Wi lie keeping second place despite Fishmonger's strenuous efforts to wrest it from him. Hack Race. — Of 10 sovs. Distance, 7 furlongs Minimum weight lOst. Post entrance. 10s . to go to the club. Horses to be approved of by the stewards. J.D. Mackintosh's b g Spooney ... ... 1 nine entries. Forced Handicap. — Of 15 sovs. Distance, ' opce ronnd the course. Compulsory to. winners optiposl' tolpeen. Fitzpatrick- ft Ryan's bik e Fishmonger (Gypic— Scandalmonger) 4 years,7 9it 31b (W. Woolhonse) ... ... 1 Smith ft -Co's bg Hero II, aged, 7st 71b ; (Smith) ... ... ... ... ... 2 Smith ft Co u be Hartlands (Neckeragat— Meg Merrile) 3 years, 9st (Bnrnr ... 3 Immediately the flag fell Herotwent awav like a greyhound, Hartlands and. Fishmonger keep ing company.. Hero increased his lead foot by foot, ana it wob. thought at one time that: the others would never reach him again, and it was only in the straight that Fishmonger collared him and- past him, proclaiming himself a winner with Hero a good second. 