Mr. Bowser buys a Horse. At 3 q'clock the other afternoon I accidentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulking about the back yard. Ho had acted very restless at dinner- time, and I at once felt that something was wrong. A caller came and I could not get out to the barn for half an hour, and then it was too late. A horse stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. " Have you-you-," I gasped. " Have I what ?" " Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures !" " Dreadful failures ! I bought one horse and he objected to the neighbourhood. The other liked the neighborhood, but you objected to his color." "Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled." "Swindled! I get swindled on a horse! Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a horse has yet to be born ! I know 'em from ears to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. We need a Wup Here was a chance for a crreat bargain and I norse. Here was a, unauue tor u gruau umgarn auu J. J improved it." " I'm so-so sorry !" I " That's just like you, hut I can't help it. I don't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder, I bought that animal for 200 dois., and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300 dois. I wouldn't take 400 dois, for him as he stands there." I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed me into the house and Baid : " Just wait a week, and if ho doean't turn out all right I'll sell him for the 300 dois, and give you the extra 100 dois." Nothing further was said until the next morning though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser tele- phoning about condition powders, branmashes, toe weights, quarter-boots, hand-holders, and throat sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about 50dols. wprth of those things. Twice in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced : " Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast." " You don't mean it !" " But I do. Not only that, but I hope to show yon a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and hells, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said ! S was better to make our start from the barn, and ]when I got out there I found a lengthy, raw-boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears and anxious to be off. " He looks dangerous," I said after watching him a minute, " So does a stuffed lion, but be isn't. However, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go." " Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him yourself." " W-what ! Afraid of him, or any horse living ! You can't go with me, Mrs. Bowser ! Go right into the house !" I held the horse while he shut the barn door, and I sized the animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some Bort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but he glared at me and replied : *' Have you gone clean daft ! This horse ¡3 as gentío as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudius ! Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet and seemed to have struck a circus.^ "Is this a blooded horse ?" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. He's a Fearnsught." '* Then he doesn't fear us, doo3 he P And do Fearnaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start off ?" I " Keep still ! Go on, Claudius !" i Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dashboard of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnet, I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave mo the impression that the cutter wanted to'get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realized this, I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions : " He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he ? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" " He's running away !" shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew eff, and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. " But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know? It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace ?" Whatever else could be said against the horse he was a runner. He had a contract to draw us at a rate of a milo every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and when I brought him up to the kerbstone, a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swallow of cordial to brace him up. " I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. " Rats !" called half a dozen voices. " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that !" " Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute !" " Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse !" Mr. Bowser and I went home on the car. We didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on me with : " Now, then, explain your conduct !" " What ?" " In snatching those lines out of my hand and trying to making a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limit to all things. You have reached that limit ! I may not be home again this week !" But he was. Indeed, he has been very humble ever since. Ho got rid of the horse next day, gave me money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that we don't refer to the past. 