PORTFOLIO. St. Paul eys, 'If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of His." And this is a fearful saying, because, if we are not Christ's, we cannot he saved, for " there is none other name under heaven given amongn men, whereby we must be saved." And so, if we have not the Spirit of Christ, that is, that Holy Spirit " which pro. ceedeth from the Father and the Son," we cannot be saved. And oh ! how few can say that they hare the Spirit of Christ! St. John says, " Hereby we know that He" (that is God) " dwelleth in us, by the Spirit which lie hath given us." Can we say of most men that lCod is dwelling in them, and that the fruit of the Spirit whichl lie gives them is the sin and proof that lie is dwelling there! lay, when we look aroundll us, are not the chief marks we see, not tile marks of God's indwelling Spirit, hut the marks of earelessne's, worldliness, sloth, hiard ilrtenesos .e ... which everywhere alonml Where these thing' are,-where any one of these things is, there God cannot be, there Christ's Spirit cannot rest . . Let us not flatter ouorelves by thinking we are in any true and living sense Christians, and God's children, if we have not the Spirit of Christ, if we are not led by the holy Ghost. ltRemember, if we wolld be saved, we must have the Holy Spirit for our Sanctifier, as well as Jesus Christ for our Redeemer. And we cannot have one without the other. God does not hakr save us. Either we are altogether saved, or not at all. And if we are altogether saved, then, assuredly, the Holy Chost changes and renews our hearts just as truly as the Blood of Jesus Christ wrashes away our sins. We have no henefit in the Cross unless we are crucifying our sins. We cannot be justified without being sanctified. Oh ! let us pray more constantly and more earnestly for that greatest of all gifts, thie gift of the Spirit, that we too may be " filled with the Htoly Ghost"; and let us pray. sith faith in God's sure promise, for Jesus said, "If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your heavenly Father give ths lnly Spirit to them that ask Him." -Biholp ll olham lHow. 