OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, (FB01I OD&.SPBOuk. COBJLESPONTIENT.) MELBOuENE, FiiBEUAnv 6. The Exhibition js officially dead, and only continues to exist— like a man resus citated after suffering what was intended to be tbe extremepenalty oE the law— with- out judicial recognition or legal status. Tbe formal Obsequies -were rather flat, not withstanding the pioue fervor sought to be Imposed ihto them by Chaplain M'Bain.nud tbte tv'afly response of Bir Henry Loch, and when the final Amen had been eaid there was a sense of relief that—so far as general responsibility was concerned — the big bono* was over. Since tbe closing cere monial the members of the fourth estate have been very busy pronouncing funeral orations, and at best the tone has been a dubious one. There has been a -disposition rather to magnify faults than to eulogise excellences, and to weigh advantages against the expected deficit of £260,000. A nice little sum truly but where' js .the use of having a million surplus if you can't get eomefun out of it ? and it must be admitted that Victoria has held her revel right loyally. However, a centennial celebration cannot be held every year, and the fashion may have changed before 1063. So far as public patronage is concerned the commissioners have no right to complain. The attendance for the six months was 2,108,092, as against : 1,086,787 for the Exhibition of 1830/ The daily average over tiie whole lime reached to 12,200, and the gross amount realised totals £101,430 On lOd— with an especial emphasis on the Gs and lOd. It is also note* ; worthy that the interest was far better i sustained towards the end than at the be* ginning, and the largest attendance on any one day was on the Saturday before the i closing. Up to the end of last week the I show continuedjnst as though its requiem had not been officially. Bung, with the ex ception that the orchestra and choir no longer dieooursed soul-stirring strains. For the rest of the month it will also be open between 11 a-m. aud 6 p.m., but already there are great gaps in tbe lines of display. The process of removal goes steadily on, 1 and Sir James M/Baiu is hard at work with Colonel Sargood practising a violin duet , for the real finale. Desolate is the dwelling dl Moma. , Silence reigns in her palace. It is doubtful, though, if the performers will come up to time, ss there ts expected to be the usual Exhibition row about who shall play first fiddle, | Speaking of first Addles naturally eug- ' teste in such a connection that sweet singerof Israel, Mr F. II. Oowen. If any one has reason to be thoroughly satisfied with the result of the Exhibition lie is the 1 man of all others entitled to exclaim ecce yallusi Behold that rooster. Equally tbe commissioners have reason to be satisfied with Mr Cowen, for he has done more to I popularise the great show with his orchestra ! and his choir than anyone else. Many sceptics ore doubting whether any taste for high-class music has been created, or i whether people have simply fallen In with I a popular fad. That is, the man who can j hear the 'Hallelujah chorus' unmoved, whose soul is not stirred by tbe divine harmonies of Mosart, Haydn, and Beet- I hoven, and who can barely distinguish ! between the ' Dies iris ' and Mendelssohn's : ' Wedding march,' papiently doubt whether there be numan beings of finer fibre or subtler sensibilities than his own. But the proof was afforded by the manner in which up to the very last the orchestral concerts and oratorios were attended, and the enthusiasm of the compact and atten tive audiences. I?tit the final performance Mr Cowen gave his own oratorio ' Ruth,' and never has it been my lot to witness such an ovation bestowed upon a popular favorite as he then received. As the last cadence of the graud finale yet filled the air, the densely-packed audience rose to a man and woman. Resonant cheer ou cheer rang out its emphatic verdict of approval, while tbe ladies, standing on tbe chairs, wavtd handkerchiefs and split cloves in a perfect delirium tremens of laudatorial excitement. ; The 750 choristers cheered with the audience. Tbe sopranos and con traltos, distinguished by blue and red silk Bashes, slipped tbem off and converted them into banners which they waved with a vigor that told of the heart in tne demonstration. While for some moments the air was thick with bouquets, w)-ich rained down upon the successful composer and popular con ductor till he stood knee deep in Bowera. Then in a lull of the cheering the orchestra struck in with ' Auld .Lang Syne,' and choir and audience sang it as though for prize competition. At its conclusion Lady Loch, on behalf of thA Indies of lHa p.hoir. presented Mr Cowen with an exquisitely worked floral device, and ns she ceased speaking the cheering, the scarf waving, and general enthusiasm again broke out, and was prolonged till the National Anthem from the orchestra brought the demonstra tion to its conclusion. Mr Cowen could only bow his thanks, but tbe memory of that night should make the Centennial Ex hibition a thing for him to look back on 1 with pride and pleasure for all his days. i Tbe directors of public companies are I having rather a rough time of it at present, ! and from reckless confidence^ shareholders have proceeded to rigid caution. Time was, and that but a few months ago, when they i swallowed every statement with the pro- 1 v»rbial voracity of a Tyrone lobster. Now no report or balance-sheet, however cun ningly constructed, has a ghost of a chance of passing until it has been submitted to a select committee. When leeches are scarce, aud no fresh supply is to be obtained, domestic economists recommend that the full-fed {phlebotomists shall be placed on a plate and sprinkled with salt, under which style of treatment they freely disgorge, and are again ready for action as occasion may require. The shareholders are using the salt pretty liberally, and the horse-leeches, who object to anything like impertiuent intrusion into their affairs, are disgorging in a manner that shows how terribly the public carcase must have suffered. It is, however, very evident that the distrust engendered by the land boom rascalities is being carried too far. No venture, however good, can be placed upon tho market ; and if the Kohi noor were offered for £50,000, in £1 shares, the scrip would hardly go off at 50 dis. One chairman, Mr D. Munro, lately hit upon a very happy way of getting the report and balance sheet through. He stood the badgering of certain dissatisfied share holders as Jong as his patience lasted ; then producing a huge roll of notes, evi dently provided to meet such a contin gency, ho cut short the controversy by asking, 41 How mauy shares have you got ? ^ ill you sell and take the money now ? Are there any more of you ?' The meeting ? caught tbe force of the argument, laughed, cheered, and passed the balance- sheet as promptly as though it had been the bower on the deck-head and seven high in hand. Victoria is a go-ahead colony. Anything the people take in haud has to hurry up and make a good time record, but now and again Rtrauge cases of apathy and indiffe rence crop up. On New Year's Day there was, as everyone knows, a phenomenal fall of rain nt Castlemaine, which did nn ira tnonsH cnount of damage and entailed Ferious loss of life. Among other disasters the Francis Ormond mine nt Cbewtown was flooded, and two men, O'Connor and Dennis, who were wording below, were drowned by the enormous volume of wnter which poured down tho shuft, and beneath t.he water and i-ilt those bodies ore *ti!l lying, no effort having been made to recover them. The company, composed of wo'king iniuers, cannot undertake the work, being ruined by tho disaster. So far the Government has not done so, but now I'wjpld are growing indignant, and thero is a prospect of the remains being exhumed by mid-winter. Groat is tho jubilation in the M.C.C. cftinp over the result of the last iuterco nial match. Had they been bully beaten . it would only have realised fteuurul expec tation, for Ferris and Turner are far und away too good for anything Victoria cau produce in the way of sphere-compeller. Still, in view of the row with the associa tion, it would have been awkward, as in dicating the terrible remits of flying in the face of your grandmother. Now it is the elderly party who feels rather bad, and tho players are gleefully shaking hands with themeelves and metaphorically wagging their allegorical tails in wild transports of delighted solf-appreeia'ion. The disposi tion to pat them on tlu back is protty general, as public feeling lias been with the club and against the association through out. So far the latter still keeps a stiff upper lip over the bu.-in but it is ex Imctod that the muscles will relax nnd the ;iss of compromise be offered before the next season gives o chance of renewing the quarrel and widening the breach. There has been & perfect epidemic nf bank frauds following the land boom, the last case being that of an exceptionally good j-oung man . named Alpress. After 16 , years' meritorious service this gentlemftn has scientifically ' gone through' the Com- 1 merdol Bank to the tune of about £10,000, and vanished! The bank offers a reward for his apprehension and conviction. It's rather singular, as showing how strangely some people must be constituted, that Onyons, the debenture manipulator of tbe National Bank, and Coral j-, the Ballarat defaulter, had both been married but a few months before their arrest. Verily a m»ti who can carry on for years a system of fraud, which from its nature must Booner or later be found out, and with the Damoclean sword of impending detection hanging over his head marry a wife to nc overwhelmed in the disgrace of his downfall, must be callous beyoud ordinary conception. But it exemplifies the old proverb — Fbcilu dercentiu Avcnti. Petty pilfering to begin with, embezzlement next, and then headlong into the graver crime ol matrimony. Tbe political battle has not yet fairly commenced with us, but there is a busy hum pervading the electoral liamp, and— The armorers accomplishing the knights, With busy hammers closing rivets up, Givte dreadful note of preparation. The re-definition of the electorates will give a more than ordinary element of glorious uncertainty to the result, and tbe chances are that the personnel of the House will be very considerably changed when the wordy fray once again commences. 