, < Liglit^.viDg Plants. Perhaps tine ot Ihe moat, remarkable in-1 Btanoee oQ rccordof phosphorescent ^yege-: tablegrowtb occurred in England. In onij of the panfihtB.a quantityofwood had bpen Jwaied4upja«teep bill. -That' evening sonie paeeers-by noticedthe mad doised here and there with lummouB patches. The Jight was ictrad tp proceed from bit8jbf:hark and ' splinters of wood. Folio v^gftfiis trail, they came to b 4pot • whew there - was a perfect rglow a0£ ^white light. The Efjcretwas soon : revealed. - Among (he clicks brought np the hill -was a hemlock, the . .whole -inside of vwhosetiark was coveredwith this fibres of a fungag.The outsidewas. growing, bat the brightest light oamefrom the interior, - The, /fibres hadpenetratedBll through the aab etancetsf the wood. it ww; wonderful bow ^persistent -the light :!was.:Sobbing -only mEae4he4ight4biightfer,-*andwheiihe wood was wrapped Jn -fiveihick layers ol paper, iiteeem^ioBhineihrongh'jiiBtvaB brighi as ever. In Borneo grows s fungus,said to ehine so thatit can be seen distinctly in the dark, its .greenifiTi light giving a very weird appearanceto the gronnd 'where it grows. Here and there one may sse patches and spots of a brighter and more intense greens To one who examinee cloB&y;, these reveal themselves as young and minute plants. One writer claims to have seen a jungle co.fiUed ; with these luminous fungi that the eir'was fill^gloWt and one cqultL-.casily see to read by the light. .Prom'.£uslrali&> too, comes stories of this very strange appearance.: Drammond, during his explorations, found ~ J8 species growing on' stumps in" the water, so luminous .^that when Md on> newspaper the woTtla around it could easily be read. The phosphorescence Jasted <ior a number of , sights. ''On another occasion" he had col e lected aiarge, fleshy iongc6 and hung It iop in a zoom to dry. For several nights it fi led the zoom with its soft, mysterious light. Sotne.natives who were:broogbt in exhibited / signsaf .the greatest terror,. thinking that the fungus *as haanted by anevil spirit. Of course the phenomenon- ciifD he traced to :-^etfECtly isturalcauseEi. ^ The print as the v^ worst form in which hotter can be pnt fciT^reserying its delicate flavors. Small rolls eland }ies£ in this re spect. In both cases tfee danger of injury is ^.lessened by wrapping in a napkin, nx cloth 7* saturated with brine. The waxed or parch mentpoper which haB come into nse within a. few jcars.also inrniBhes a good protection. If bntter is to be printed at all, every . print or lamp should -be carefully and closely wrapped in the water-proof.paper, to make a package as nearly air-tight as possible before j" -leaving the dairy-xoom where - it is mkde. , Thus protected, if well cooled and firm, the closer the prints are packedand kept, till sold :■ or used, tfie better.. To facilitate close pack Ing'lhe square and brick forms are much preferable to the roll and round print or t ** pal." . 