PRAYER UNIONS' ANNIVERSARY. The fifth anniversary of the Men’s, Women’s, and Girls’ Prayer Unions was held in the Alfred Hall yesterday. The first session commenced at 3.30 in the after- noon, when a large number of persons assembled. The Rev. J. E, Harrisou pre sided, and remarked that a revival of religion was always a fitting sub ject for consideration, and was especi ally appropriate after the united prayer of yesterday. The Rev. J. H. Mackuy was the first speaker, and iu answer to the question, “ What is a revival ?” said a revival was ail awakening of the church from sleep, a re turn from death, and an invitation of Christ. The Rev. W. Hunt followed, the subject being “ The need of a revival.” It was shown that this was evidenced by worldiiness and indolence iu the church and want of enthusiasm and power. How without a revival could we meet the abounding iuiquity and rrreligion and save the perishing multitudes of men?. After.the singing of a hymn, the Rev. W. R. Cunningham spoke ou the “Revivals of Scripture,” specially referring to the Day of Pentecost. The Rev. J. B. Johnson gave the next ad dress, and pointed out the analogy between a revival in the natural and that in the spiritual world. There was a large "attendance at - the tea, aud immediately afterwards an interval meeting was held. Mr Chue, Chinese missionary, gave an interesting account of efforts being made among the Chinese, making special reference to the noble wotk done at great personal sacrifice by Mrs Murray, presi dent of the Women’s Prayer Union. Mr Heriot, president of the Railway Christian Uuiou (a branch of which was formed in Ballarat some six months ago) then spoke, and was followed by the Rev.- Dr Porter, who gave a stirring address on general work, and by his remarks raised the meeting to a high state of interest and en thusiasm. There was a number of the Chinese counected with the Presbyterian mission present. The evening session commenced at 7.30, the audience having increased to about 1000. Thu Rev. R. Kennedy offered prayer, and the Rev. T. Williams rend a portion of Scripture. The Rev. Harrison presided over the meet ing, aud there were also present on the plat form the Revs. James Chue, Canon M‘Mur rny, T. R. Cairns, C. Cameron, J. H. Mackuy, F. Mason, R. Kennedy, W. E. Secombe, T. Williams, J. H. Tnckfield, E. W. Eyre, Dr Porter, G. Howe, A. Hardic, J. Beck, W. Hunt, T. Scott-Millar, R. C. Floekart, J. G. Davies, J. Linklater, J. R. Currie, D. G. Saudeman, R. Brown, Rev. Harrison, iu opening, referred to the blessings bestowed ou those who bauded to gether for united prayer. We had also to learn that God required obedience, and with out this we often lost wliat we sought for. Rev. Scott-Millar read the fifth annual' re port of the Women’s Prayer Union, which showed that considerable progress had been made during the year. Buildings for the accommodation of the branches had been erected at Clayton Hill and Little Bendigo. Three new branches had been started during the year, while the branches at Buninyong, Sebastopol, and Horsham were still progress ing. Thirty-five meetings were held every week. During the year gospel temperance meetings had been held, which were very successful, 97 pledges haviug been taken. The chairman read the report of the Girls’ Prayer Union, which "showed that good work was still beiug done iu various ways. Special mention was made of the work done by Misses M'Naught, Cribben, Briant, Meu zies, Wardle, aud Kerseley, and thanks to the trustees of Ebeuezer Church for the use of the vestry during the year. Rev. F. Mason gave an address on the “ Work of. the Holy Ghost iu Revivals.” The personality of the Holy Ghost was, he said, an accepted fact by the Christian Church. An error was often made by some in praying that the Spirit might be poured out, simply thinking the spirit to be an attribute, while in truth it was a persou. What did the Holy Spirit do iu revival work.. Its first work was to produde a con sciousness of sin in ourselves and then show us the terrible nature of sin in the world. Then it would inspire us with an earnest desire to promote the glory of God, aud an all ab orbing love for all our fellow creatures. The'Spirit of God was a power. The salvation of the world was not by power but by the Spirit of God. We had heard of what had been ac complished in the past; was it too much to expect Pentecostal times now? We might work and pray .earnestly, but unless the power ef the Spirit was felt there would be no revival. The Rev. J. H. Tuckfield was called to speak on the revivals in the times of Wesley aud Whitfield. There was need, he said, of a revival iu those times. These men were certainly called of God to this glorious work. Neither of these men thought in their young days that they would be the means in God’s hands of leading thousands from sin to righteousness. Why were they so successful ? Iu a large measure it was due to their earuestuess. Their con stant recourse to prayer was the secret of the great success which attended their labors. They had to endure much persecu tion aud annoyance, but still they preached on. The effect of the work was seen in the change of life in many who had been vile and wicked, in proof of which the rev. gentleman quoted some examples which are recorded by John Wesley. The Rev. T. R. Cairns spoke on the re vival of 1859 in Ireland. There always were some who were devoted to God, although the majority.may seem to have for gotteu Him. Previous to the time of the revival the church was characterised by' a great amount of carelessuess aud indifference. The work was commenced by a prayer meeting among a few young men. When tlie-great revival was commenced one fea ture was the extreme mental agony mani fested by those who were convinced of siu. The work spread with astonish ing rapidity. It was not an unusual thing for a meeting commenced at 6 or 7 in the evening, to be continued till daylight next morning. The influence was felt by all classes, and some idea of the success of the movement might be gathered from the fact that the communion roll of the Presbyterian church was increased during the year by 10,000 persons. Tlie Rev. Canon Mercer spoke on hindrances to revival. The awakening in the church, he remarked, greatly depended I ou the attitude of men’s hearts to God. Ministers sometimes were in danger of dwel-- Kug too much on the love ; and mercy of God aud forgettiug that he was also a God of Justice. There was also a danger of being absorbed by pleasure. The incon sisteticy of prufessiug Christians was also a great factor iu keeping many away from Christ. There was not sufficient union among us, but he was glad to kuow that the union was to a great extent assisted by these prayer unions. He hoped that God’s work would be greatly helped by this anniversary. The Doxology was sung, and concluded the meeting. '■ 