VELVET AND RAGS. — By Robert P. Whitwokth. ( By permiistdoH of the Author). THE ACTING, MANAGER'S STORY, No. XIV. We live this life, travelling over a broader or a narrower ledge between, two vast abysses - the past and the future. Of the past abyss we know some thing, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience ; of the future abyss, nothing. Is the present life the be all and end all ? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mere precuser, a state of probation to another and never-ending life ? Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never-ending stair- cas.e of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity? Who knows ?' Let schoolnienargue.as they may, they are still 110 nearer, the great truth. And yet, for the better comprehension of the somewhat marvellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream ? Neither at the. time when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do 1 know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a past state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us when we see a place for the. first time', and yet which seems strangely familiar when we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other supernatural mountebankcry, I ignore; witchcraft and its' attendant diablerie, I desnise. I would aconnnfc fnr fclip nhpnnmrmn lw natural' laws alone. And yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of ihe wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mind. If is the truth,- strange and weird as may seem some of its surroundings, the simple truth. It was in the early part of December, 1 S64, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp on the Shotover river for the Molynetix township, or, as it is now called, Cromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring back some stores, of which Ave should soon be in need. I Avas one of a party of four, avIio had Avorked together at many of the diggings in New South and Victoria, and Avho had been about a year in New Zealand, located on Cannichael's Creek, near the head of the Shotover, and under the lofty Mount Hyde,1. a spur of the Harris mountains. We were much further up the river than most of the diggers, and Avere located in one of the A\rildest spots of that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our aa'orkings aa'ere on the side of a not very large terrace, on the creek, shut iir nearly all round by precipitous cliffs and uuvbicu hiwi uuge winner. wild as Avas the landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata floAver blazed in its crimson glory 011 the hill-sides ; and in ' the winter when the snow-fields glistened in the sunshine, or the bla,ck birch forest>'AvepJ in the rainstorms of ' thai gloomy and inhospitable region. It Avas a Avild, free life, an era in a man's existence, which, once experienced, can neArer be forgotten — a life, .the memory .of Avliich comes back Avith a strange yearning years after ; and when a man may have settled- clown into a staid, mechanical, rate-paying merchant, lawyer, doctor, or Avhat not— a life, withal, of uncertainty, of hardship, of constant peril — peril of waters, Avlien the raging floods came boiling and screaming doAim the gorges, bearing huge trees, boulders, ay, and too often human beings, onivard in their resistless force. Who lias forgotten the time when the Avhole of the loAver part of the Molyneux valley was submerged, Avhen fifteen men Avere drowned, amongst them the three brothers Lynch. Perils of kind, as when the entire side of a hill tumbled bodily into the Shotover, burying I know not, nor was it ever known, how many unfortunate diggers 111 one gigantic tomb. Perils of starvation, of being shut up by the snow as in a huge prison. Perils from the knife and pistol shot of the skulking assasin, or the ruthless bushranger. A Avild, free, daring, Bohemian life to-day poor, to-morroAV rich — and yet, with all its hardships, its cold, its Avet, its toil, so often fruitless toil, avIio having once lived it would not gladly live it again ?" As I said, I started from our camp for Cromwell to sell our gold and get supplies. We Avere 011 a good spot, and had got over a hundred ounces, and Avere of course in good spirits at our luck. Passing our camp, at a distance of a quarter of a mile Avas the regular packers track down the Shotover by, the Aitoav anil La,ke Hay. s, and to doAvn the KaAvarau gorge. But this, the regular road, I had determined not to take, paitly because the Aveather was fine and promised to hotel up, anil the siioav had not yet begun to melt and so flood the creeks, and partly because there Avere suspicious .characters loAver doAvn the river, whom it would be as well to avoid, and avIio, had they seen me going, would perhaps, have guessed my errand. I here Avas a blazed track leading over a saddle in the Harris range, round the bend of the Aitoav, across the Motatapu and the Card rona, over the shoulders of Mount Pisa, and so into the Molyneux Valley and 011 to Cromwell, a track Avliich tAvo of my mates had been over, although I had not, and Avliich they pronounced quite safe and easy to find and keep. The distance was some fifty miles, and although the way was rough I might easily do it in tAvo days. Vi e had sab up rather late the night previous to my" starting, arranging what stores I Avas to purchase, what money to deposit in the bank, and so on. and wnen j. ana my tent mate, George Mosley, rose to turn m it was nearly ten o'clock. It Avas half-moon, and a cold, clear, calm, cloudless niglit. Not a. sound was to be heard exeept the hoarse but not unmelodious hum of wlM? ff \ Veil lts ;sUi.ngle becL We were both struck with the beauty of the scene, and George, who was somewhat poetical, Avas just remarking 011 the almost unearthly lovlmess of the glistening, glacier-clad peak of Mount Aui'iun, which- soars aloft in the wiest, Avhen I suddenly interrupted him with "Hush, what was 'that?" : We stopped and listened. Not a sound save the murmuring stream ' and the querulous piping of the distant kiwi. And yet I could have SAVorn I heard the crackling of twigs, as if a footstep had trodden 011 them at the back" of the tent. I darted quickly round, but 110, nothiug. I went a few steps into the bush, but still nothiug, either to see or hear, and I returned, .fancying I must have been mistaken. George, laughingly, said he supposed it Avas a kakapo, or a ka-ka, feeding 011 the tutu berries, and we turned into our bunks, thinking no more of the matter. Next morning I Avas up at daybreak, had breakfast, humped my swag, and Avas away before the bell birds had . ceased their morning hymn. The gold I had safely secured; 111 my belt, my compass was in my . pocket, and my failhfuLDerringer hung at my iiip. It was a glorious morning. Nothing I , have ever seen can compare, for gorgeous coloring, for bright yet solemn beauty, with a summer sunrise in the mountain districts of New -Zealand.. Farabove the dim blue haze that envelopes the earth, shoot into the upper air the pure white scalps of the glacier-topped peaks which stand in confused profusion on every hand. 'Then, '-slowly, the dull sky is stripped with flakes of purple turning to red and amber, and then to floods as of molten gold. , "The 'white 'ice' peaks and. siioav fields ' are tinted with a delicate :pink— the pink of the nautilus, Avhicli creeps apace doAA'ii the slope, glinting brightly 011 the sharp prominences, and turning the dark shadoAvs into rich purple. Then up springs the sun from his vast batli in the far away east, and peak overlapping peak, glittering like scattered masses of diamond, spring into huge tongues of prismatic fire. ' Such a scene as this I saw 011 that early December morning, as I skirted Mount Hyde, with the giant Motatapu on my left shoulder, forcing my Avay through the tangle of supple-jack, fern ancl. flax, of: the low- lyiug bush, and then up, up through the thick reel blossomed rata, the dark birch and mapu, and the bright-leaved veronica, and still .up, over the. beds of moss, box scrub and snow grass, to the bare summit of the saddle, 0000 feet high. Then, what a view ! F&r; away in the north-east the dazzling glaciers of Mounts EarnslaAV, 9000 feet, ancl Aspiring, 10,000 feet in alti tude, and around 011 every hand a vast sea of moun tains, of every possible, shape and ruggedness, the clouds and' mist ..floated far beneath me. The prospect was most beAvildering. and even to my practised eye the possibility of recognising any particular mountain, except those Avith which I was familiar, seemed almost hopeless. . Up to within a feAv hundred feet of the summit there had been a clearly defined and Avell blazed track, for it Avas one frequently used by travellers between uue ouuuuvei- cum wic wjjjjcj.- xutuw ana ivararona diggings, but at the point where I stood there Avas nothing but bare rock, and therefore nought to guide me to the next timber. Still I knew that my course was nearly due easfy and I could see the Motatapu- 'river- rushing- northward.' at the foot of the mountain a couple of thou'saiid feet below me. Without a moment's hesitation, 'therefore, ' -I descended, after consulting my compass, making in the direction of a distant- lofty mountain, which, from its rounded top, I took to be Mount Pisa. I soon reached the timber, but Avas quite unable to And any sign of the track, although 1 must have lost many miles by travelling in a zig-zag direction in order to recover the blazed line. Clearly I Avas off my course, but that caused me 110 uneasiness, as the country, although rugged, was open, and I- was travelling eastward. By noon I had left the last timber behind me, had crossed the Motatapu and several other .smaller streams, and' hoped to catch the Cardrona ere nightfall. But as I advanced further into the solitudes the country grew- more and more rugged, and more than once I hail to retrace my steps. At last, after climb- ' ing the shoulder of a lofty hill, which I afterivards learnt Avas cal eel Middle Peak, I aa-as brought to a dead standstill by arriA-ing at the edge of a precipice, overlooking a deep, rocky ravine, surrounded, so fai ns I could see, by inaccessible cliffs. However unpleasant, there was nothing for it but to turn back and try. another route. Sometimes sliding, sometimes scrambling, I arrived at the foot of the range, and skirting it, found myself at the entrance of a Avicie gorge or defile, betAveen two lofty Avails of precipitous rock. As I entered the gloomy portals a singular feeling of apprehension stole over me, a vague sensation of dread of something, I knew not Avhat. Besides, the place seemed strangely familiar. I had certainly never been there before, anil yet I found myself unconsciously recognising the various features, of the scene, the cleavage in the rock, the position of a Inure boulder, the direction of a drv M'iifwonnrsfi. anil other circumstances, even to matters of detail. The further I advanced, the more familiar did the place become, and I found myself intuitively follow- ing Avhat seemed to be a practicable route amongst the huge and piled-lip masses of fallen rock. Where, or hoiv, or when, .could I have seen this place before ? or even any place like it ? I carried my memory back to the places I had been in. To the chasms and gullies of NeAv South Wales and Gipps- land, the ravines of Shoalhaven and the Blue Moun tains, and the Murray Gates. Further back " to the canons and quebrailas of Mexico. Still further, to the mountain passes in Derbyshire and Wales. . No, nothing like this, any of them. ; Could I have dreamt it? It seemed ' impossible. Was I dreaming now? No, I was wide-awake, anil everv sense aa-as on the alert. Was it Mainour? Pslinw. nonsense ; besides, the boulders and masses of -broken rock Avere real, as I could feel. I paused irresolute for a moment, but, although mv heart was knocking at 1113' ribs anil my Avhole, frame shivering with -a nameless terror, something seemed to impel me onward, as if I Avere seeking something, but kneAv not what; Yet there appeared to be something lacking. The place was the same as I seemed to have seen before, tuul yet different. I soon knew how. Even as I thought,' a gentle sough of wind sighed down the ravine, the sky darkened, a light rain .began 'to fall, and, as is frequently the case in these inountain districts, a thunderstorm came on, peal 011 peal re verberating amidst the solitud 's with a hideous claug. That was it. If I knew the place before, how ...much better did I know it now, -for every flash of lightning, every burst of thunder, seemed, to be merely the reflex of what had been seared into my brain at some remote period, ages ago, perhaps. And with all, and th roiigh all, came a vague consciousness, an idea which I could not form into shape, of crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible evil. Still, and although I would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power forced me forward in my search for the mysterious, something of which I knew nothing, but which I had a presentiment I should find. . At last it came. The gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grew narrower and still more narrow, more gloomy and savage, until it opened out into a nearly circular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across. Yes, there was what I sought, and. my heart gave a bound. of terror as I recognised it. To niy left, aud not tweiltV vards from me. vawne.d the inniit.li nf a. wide cavern in the rocky wall. Gladly would I have fled from the spot, but my trembling limbs still bore me onward. I was fascinated, and passed within. Yes, exactly the same. In the dim half light I could distinguish the charred embers in the makeshift fire place, the huge block of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders, that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with a kind of fine shingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but here and there were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. Had this then been >one of the sacre.d caverns of an extinct tribe of Maoris, and these stones their sacri ficial altars ? No, no, a thousand times no. I knew, I had the conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime ? I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, faded out, and yet ghastly recollection of one — whether as a spectator, or as one concerned, I could not tell. .Whether,, as I have said, it was merely the indistinct remembrance of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expected my "eyes to be blasted with a new gorgon." The thunder rolled sullenly without, the wind screamed down the gorge in fitful gusts, and the rain fell with a constant and dismal plash, but all within was as still as the grave. The cavern narrowed off at its extremity into a kind'of natural gallery, which again shot off into two opeuinga, or inner caves,, and into the left hand one of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, step after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will — was .put. There, prone on the ground, lay the skeletons of two men. The bones and some vestiges of clothing were there ; the rats had done the rest. With a wild scream of. .horror I turned and fled. The outer cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. ( Concluded, next toeeh. ) 