COLONIZATION SOCIET f. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—I have read carefully your leading article of February 9, and whilst I thank you and ft11 flattered by your expressions' of praiee_ I am sorry you did not give more attention to my scheme, or you might have seen that it IB even more practicable than that advanced by the gentlemen of note whom you consider essential to the success of a colonization scheme; but I notice that with all the Royal and High Commissioners, Lord Provcste, and Directors they have provided only for forty families, a feat which might have been performed with equal euccess by any junior land agent in our colony on exactly the same principles—mortgage and usury. Yon said (t know with all kindness) speaking of my scheme—" Its defects will be the more easily noticed if we contrast it with the efforts of the Crofters' Colonization Society. Here men Btarted on eure bases, with a good foundation bothinmen, money, and political support. The original idea was that by means of an arrangement between the Imperial Government, the colonial authorities, and private persons a successful colony of crofters and cotters from the Western Highlands could be established in Canada. Money was subscribed by phi ianthropists and others. It was supplemented by a small Government grant," &c.; " The duty of the Royal Commissioners will be to select families from amongst the crofters and to settle them in the Dominion. To this end they will advance the settlers a sum sufficient to provide them with homesteads, which will be repayable in instalments. The repayment will extend over twelve years." After a lapse of time "the settler will be expected to pay annually a certain portion of the loan with low interest addfd, and at the end of twelv« years tbe land will be his. Until he does the Imperial Government will continue to hold a mortgage over the land." Let us Bee wherein this scheme differs from mine in principle and baBis. The Crofters' Colonization Society propose that the Imperial and Colonial Governments and private persons should combine to let croiters and cotter immigrants have land on mortgage on time payment with usury, and at the end of twelve years the land becomes theirs; and these persons are all of one class, to be settled in small communities, and we are not told how forty families are to live in some lonely wilderness. My proposition is that the Imperial and Colonial Governments should combine with private persons to settle immigrants of all trades, callings, and professions in townships and on farms on mortgage on time payment with usury, and at the expiration of ten years the land is theirs. Where is the defeat in my scheme? The other oaly reflects mine, and must have been oopied from some of my letters to Scotch pipers. It is worse than "Pepper's Ghost." I think the contrast shows that my scheme is more practical. They provide for peasants only; I provide for men of all trades, callings, and profetsions. It may not have struck you that there are others besides Highland peasants who are crowded out and deserve equal assistance. They purpose to settle farms by tens, increasing producers only; I purpose to settle both farms and townships by thousands, thereby increasing consumer also. You would like to know " the grounds of my expectations that the British Government or an English Syndicate will throw into the concern a capital of £16,0C0,000, because British speculators are even now hesitating abont throwing£1,300,000 into Sonth Australian bonds." The reason assigned by British speculators is that the population of South Australia is so Email that in these unsettled times there is no security. It is easy to see that my 300,000 added to the oopulation of Australia would reassure them." You can always find money if yonrsecurity isgood. The security which I would offer for £l6,000,000 would be 300 towrtBhips or 3,500,000 acres of land populated by 300,000 people; jnst the donble of South Australia. One settler would offer as his security an eight-acre block, a township allotment with a little house, and really ten years' labour bestowed on it, to say nothing abont the increased value of the land in ten years in a township of 1,000 souls. Not bad Beourity for £52 ' Is there anything very startling or romantic in such an arrangement? IB not all South Australia mortgaged np to the eyes? First to private agents, and then by the national debt "—over £16,000,000, bythe-way. And are you going to drag the country out of this deplorable state of things by some "tinpot" scheme? No! It must be a bold and daring enterprise. I think that with such men as can be induced to join the Sonth Australian Colonization Society we *hall give as good an account of ourselves as the Royal and High Commissioners, Lord Provosts, and Directors of " The Crofters' Colonization Society." I am. Sir, &c.;, ALFRED HONNER. Parsonage, February 9, 