The Old Settler. HE BEMOANS THE RESULT OF THE ELECTION, BUT DISCOVERS THAT ALL IS NOT LOST. "'Cordin' to the news th't las' week's Clarion Blast o' Freedom deals out to us," remarked the Old Settler grimly," the kentry seems tuv sot down on free raw mater'als a leetle solid an' squashin', don't it, 'Squire?" " Wull, it don't Beem tuv lit on 'em quite ez gentle an' pleasin' ez yer gal mowt settle on yer lap fer an evenin' isparkin', that's bo," re plied the 'Squire. " But then wats the uset o' talkin' 'bout it ? 'Lection's over." " Over!" exclaimed the Old Settler. " I sh'd say it were! It's over, b'gosh, an' it's under, an' it's on both sides ! It's squashed us down, an' it's heaved us up, an' it's squeezed us edge ways ! It didn't git fun enough outen us by sweepin' us f'm Dan to Beercbeby like a cycloon, but it had to go an' scotch us with reg'lar blue lightnin', and swaller us with 'arthquakes! But tharfka be to goodness, 'Squire, ev'rything hain't lost 1 Tore up an' ripped f'm A to izzard ez we be, the flesh pots o' power an' the loaves an' fishes o' viot'ry, b'gostl'mighty' hain't all ben snatched outen our reach ! We've saved a Corner outen the blazin' wreck an' smokin' smash np. Some'rs ua in the north part o' Pennsylvany, so the Clarion Blast says, we've saved a Corner. We •wep' him in by three major'ty, an* his friends has got him hid an' tied in a barn some'rs, so'a he can't git strayed or stolen. He's wuth orowin' over, that Corner is. Some o' the misguided feller citizens ez helped to set on free raw mater'als up in his bailiwick may get drownded or sumpin', and then he'll set on them, b'gosh ! Mebby that wunt be a judg ment on em! Mebby that wunt open some o' their eyes an' show 'em th' the futur' looks dark fer 'em! If that Corners handled right, 'Squire, he'a boun' to be the han'writing on the wall four year f'm now. Now, mind ye!" " Hope so. That is, if he's a good feller," said the Squire. "I hear th't th' hain't a better un in his deestric' th'n he is," was the Old Settler's assuring response. 41 But he don't want to git too durn good!" exclaimed the Squire. "He don't want to git better's his party, for instance. I've heard o' people ez was better'n their party a wakin' np all of a suddent an' findin' th't their party didn't think so. 01' Giner'l Jackson an' Gov'nor Wolfe was tol'able decent chaps their selves, but their party was good enough for them. A feller orter alluz be good, but not too durn good, Major." "Think yer 'bout right, Squire," assented the Old Settler. •• Thar were Mordicky Sniffle box o' Sugar Swamp deestrio'. He were so Siod th't he wouldn't eat strawberries on onday for fear they'd ben picked on Sunday, yit he left his wife an' seven children an' run away with the Widder Magglefat, an' stole bis olt pap's hoes an' wagon to do it with. '•We usety hey some sing'lar 'lections in Sugar Swamp, if ye 'member, Squire. Folks •was 'commodatin' in them days. Th' want but seventeen voters in the township, an' some o' thorn lived twenty miles f'm the polls, an' didn't alluz feel like hoofin' it in, 'specially if 'twere rainin', or if th' were a bar hunt on the taps, or if 'twere a good day for thrashin 1 buck whit ; so, if any one didn't want to tako the trouble to go to the polls, he'd send his ticket in by a neighbour, or anybody th't happened to be goin' that way. Sometimes if a voter didn't come in or send1 his tickets, an' any one'd git up an' state th't he'd heerd him say he were goin' ter vote fer eo-an'-so, they'd put his name down as votin' that way, an' chuck a ticket in the box fer him. That give ev'rybody a chance fer to hey is nay 'bout the state o' the kentry, ah' saved him a heap o' trouble. Dan Bitner, ez lived way on the edge o' the deestric', a day's walk f'm the polls, usety put hia tickets in a little tin box an' tie the box roun' his dog Tige's neck, an' Tigo 'd elide in an' vote fer him ez sliok ez slick k'd be. 11 'Bout the hottest 'lection we ever had in Sugar Swamp were thofall th't Ebenezer Slupp and Philpot Grimes had tho tussel for Path master. Jeewhizz! But wat a fight that were! It-begun 'arly in the mornin', and were kep' up a tearin' all day. Ebenezer were ez poplar ez Daesige meat fer breakfaa', an' ev'rybody s'posed th't he'd be 'lected by two or three major'ty, anyhow, 'cause Philpot Grimes had sent his darter Katury to school over to the county seat 'stid o' to the Sugar Swamp Deestric School, an' that had got the foelin* 'roun' mongst hia feller citizens th't he were a Btuckup 'ristycrat, an' a good many said th't if he wanted votes "why didn't ho go to the county seat an' get 'em, begosh, an' not look for 'cm 'mongst them whose gals want good enough fer Katury Grimes to go to school with. Sat FhQpot made a consarned hot fight, an' kep' Ebenezer a sloshin' 'roun' like seeds in a dry gourd to hoi' his own again him. Fer the fust time in his life Dan Bitner'tt dogTige didn't come in that day to vote, an' ez Dan didn't turn up hisself, ev'rybody was wonderiu' wat k'd be ailiu' with him. Nobody'd heerd him say* how he wore gointer vote, an' so he want put down fer nuther Slupp nor Grimes, an' w'en the polls was closed, lo an' behold ye! the vote for Fathraaster were a tie, Slupp havin' eight an' Grimes bavin' eight. So th' want no chi'ce, an* the citizens was all tore up with onsartinty over how they was gointer work out their road tax that year. Both candidates was sore an* dissyp'inted, and went hum glummer th'n if they was goin' to a funer'l. "That night, jist arter he'd gone to bed, Philpot Giimes was woke up by the alfiredest squealin' time in his pig pen th't he'd ever heard thar. He jumped out o' bed, slung his breeches on, an' grabbm' his gun, slid out to see wat were movin' of his pork to sitoh onseason'ble caterwaulin'. The moon were shinin' bright, an' wat does Philpot see but a whoppin' big painter a neokin' a fat shoat, an' a gittm* of it in shape fer etowin' it away in side of hisself. The owner o' that shoat bein' a countin' on usin' it fer sumpin' differn't th'n painter feed, ups an* whangs a couple o' rifle balls inter Mr. Tainter, an' Mr. Painter gives a yell or two, an' then gives np the ghost. It were the biggest painter th't Philpot Grimes or anybody else in the deestrio' had ever see, an' Philpot made up his mind th't he'd take the hide offen it 'fore he went to bed, an' 'd cut the carcags up an* make pig feed outen it, 'stid o' the pigs bein' feed fer it. While he were doin* that, Philpot heerd his knifo gratiu' on sumpin' hard, an' a lookin' to see w at it were, he foun' a KtUe tin box in the painter's maw! He know'd it in a minute. "'Daa Bitner's 'lection ticket, sure ez sniffles in sheep!'he hollered. 'This here painter has gobbled Tige on his way in to vote, an' cheated Dan Bitner outen his rights ez a free an' ontraramelled feller citizen.' *' Philpot turned the box over an* over, an* -wondered who Dan's vote would ha' ben fer. Arter wile he said: « < Th' hain't no doubt but Dan were fer me, 'cause I made him school d'rector. Dan mustn't be cheated outen bis rights by a durn ornery painter. The ballot box can't be tampered with that way, not in Sugar Swamp deestric*. This here vote has got to be counted, b'gosh:' says Philpot. " Without waitin' to put on all his clothes he trotted aronn* an' got the 'lection officers np, an' told 'em how th't Dan Bitner's ticket has jiet kirn in, an* th't they must open up the polls an' take the vote an' count it. They opened np an' took the ticket, an' the Sugar Swamp deestric' had it's Pathmaster saved to it. But, sing'lar ez it turned out, the Pathmaster want Philpot Grimes. Dan Bitner's ticket were fer Ebenezer Slupp. Philpot had fit like a mad ball all day to beat Ebenezer, an' then had got np out o' bed an' 'looted him ! "Then thar were the fall th't Uncle Gabe Fibber had the big 'lection fight. D'ye 'member that 'lection; 'Squire? the 'leotion Uncle Gabe were defeated fer hog constable. That were a Wateryloo th't Sugar Swamp didn't git over fer ten year." " I 'member it ez well ez if 'twere only a happenin' this minute," replied the 'Squire. " Th' want no free raw materials in the ishy o' that campaign. If I hain't got things mixed, though, yer Uncle Gabe were sot down on by hit feller-citizens 'cause he h'isted the ishy inter the canvass 'long to'rds the end of it, th't he didn't keer nuthin' 'bout free raw materials, but ruther favored the dootern o' free cooked materials. His feller-citizens differed with yer Uncle Gabe on the ishy, an* stid of a the'ry he foun' a condition confrontin' him th't come nigh onter givin' him a place'at the county seat, whar he'd had to serve the people a term jist fer his board an' clo'es. Course, it mowt ha' ben all a campaign lie, that story they got around th't year Uncle Gabe b'lieved in free cooked materials, but the findin* o' the three crooks o' apple butter an' the roll o' head cheese in his oellar the day arter they had been missed outen Si Loper's cellar made things look a leetle ez if yer uncle kinder, favoured the dootern, an' folks want quite eddyoated up to all its beauties yet, an' so they onfort' mtly sot down on it.. Did yer Uncle Gabe ever find out who rolled them things inter his oellar, Major! 'Twere a sonffy trick, who ever done it, an' made the canvass a leetle personal. If I was runnin' fer office I'd rather folks 'd up and twit me o' chokin' my gran' mother to death th'n to find things in my cellar th't was stole f'm a neighbour. Yo kin easy prove th't ye didn't choke yer gran' mother to death, but human natnr is rigged np so suspeotin' like th't if folks finds yer cellar full o' stuff th't b'longs to some one else it'B hard to make 'em b'lieve th't they was stole an' put thar by the man th't lives down the road a railed or two. Did yer uncle ever git his ban's on the feller th't worked the free cooked mater'als doctern on him, Major ?" "How'd you come to know so consarned much 'bout that 'lection f" eaidthe Old Settler, and his face got redder and redder, and his fingers opened and shut nervously on his cane. "I wero workin' on a choppin' job nigh Sugar Swamp that fall; that's how I know," replied the Squire. "Ye was, hey ?" exclaimed the Old Settler, talking very loud, his eyes snapping and his cane thumping the floor. "Ye was, hey P con earn ye! No, sir, b'gosh! Uncle Gabe never foun' the man th't stole them things. He never know'd th't you was in the neighbourhood, though ! He never know'd that, or the chances ib th't he'd ha' had his han's down quick on the man th't done it, b'gosht'lmighty! The Old Settler glared a moment at the Squiro and then hurried out, thumping his cane as he went. "Th' hain't no pleasure o' trying to argy politics with the Major," said the Squire, smiling at the boys. "If ye happen to make a pint agin him he gits so consarned pers'nal th't ye can't help bein' afeerd th't he'll bust a lmnj or sumpin'. Will ye hey a leetle raw niuier'al) boys i" Ed Hqtt, in XtW Yerlc Sun. 