AT THE WORLD'S GREAT SHOW. Kvor mnco tho opening of tho great Paris Exhibition our corrc.iprmtlunt. Imvo kupt us informuil from day to (lay of such jiarticultir»n« thoy dcoiniHl most likolv to iiitorcnt tho Moliiotirno puolic. »»o hstvo now nn ollicial ru(>ort from Mr Wulkor, tho prt-Hiilmib of tho Victorian ComiuiHsion, and ho, of course, jiuhui per fectly now light upon IhiugH. Jlut tho intolligonuo ho givcx us in nob loss ((ratifying than thai which tvo Imvo ul ready received, for it. tells us that our mlvonturo lias been entirely success ful. Wo Imvo spent a lob of money ami taken a heap of trouble in ordor that wo tuny givo tho world oculnr dcmoiifltrution of tho cupahtliMuit of our country iiikI tin: nchiovemunlK of our people. Tho result is that wu havo brought our proofs in thesu roHpects beforo tho very largest gathering tho world lias over aeon, ami have been entirely successful itt every way. Our courts havo burnt thronged by crowds so great that it has been tliliicult to muvo iu tlieni. Our various exhibits have excited the utmost astonishment and admiration, and wo havo, in short, had an udvurtisomont of un precedented magnitude, which has done for us all that it could have boon expected to d«. "Never before, " writes Mr Wuiker, " havo the natural resources of Victoria been brought so prominently beforo such vast crowds of people." Ho might well have reminded us of a fact which we hardly even yet appreciate, Hint llioro Imvo never been such crowds of people before. The at tendance has gone up us high us 1150,000 in a singlu day. Thu largest attend ance at tho first Grout Exhibition of 1851 was 11.1,000, mid that numlior was never reached in the Exhibition of 1 802. The biggest Forusturs1 Fete at tho Crystal I'aloco only brougbL 85,000, and thu Cen tennial Exhibition ut Philadelphia, in spite of tho InviMh readiness of tho great American people to patronise every form of amusement, and to join ill every possible demonstration of patriotism, gave no such return as this. Tu draw nil tlmsu people up in close order without one single utip between thoin would be Lo covermorethfiu tho half of mui square milo of ground with u demui unbroken iiiiihr of humanity, ft is worth somuihiiigcotisidcr- nblo to have the certainty of rcachlug and teaching such crowds as this every day, mid all day long, for months together. The expense linn been enormous. Every thing that lins been donu in Paris has cost ub least twice ah much an it would luivo done in Molhuimie. which is not by any means tho cheapest cily in tho civilised world ; hut the people who in this holiday season are Hocking from all part a of tho universe to enjoy themselves in Paris are made acquainted with our products and prices, nud our capabilities of duiug them see- Directly, wo gain by the now customers beforo whom our produce is thus dis played ; mid, indirectly, wo gain by tho fact thai we shall no longer ho depen dent upon tho good faith and energy of European brokers, but shall do our business nt lirst hand with tho manufac- tururs and consumers themselves. Wo have, therefore, as a nation, sur mounted that initiatory stngo known to all manufacturers wherein the middle man controls tho trade, and Khali, iu future, do our htifmiesa in our owu way. Ab Mr Walker says, " Thoro appear to ho many disabilities attending tho nructica of shipping on consii'iimuut to Europe which operate against both buyer and aoilcr. . . . It is tho opinion of those best able to judgo that in n very few ycrtrs nil our wool will bo bought iu tho colony." That our wines Imvo made a sensation, and havo heen pronounced the very thing for cold climates, is just what The ilciiald bus long demonstrated;, but our gain iu tins diioution is in tensified by thu fact that the French thoiiisolves, whose verdict on jhis matter no mto will dinpulu, adopt and recommend nud pntiso our vinlngeB. In short, wo muku a very good show, Imvo huuti warmly commended, and have every reason to congratulato oursolvuu on the result of our enterprise. It is encouraging to Imvo this iu thu Hhapo of att ollicial utterance, nud to know (ilso that various Ht'iisntional rumors of tiouhlun havo boon wholly unfounded and unwarranted. For instance, there is no truth iu tho report that thoro has boon tlio least disagreement of any kind at any time between Mr Wulkor and Sir Polydoro do Koysor. M My relations with Sir Polydoro have been governed by the strictest villus oi politeness," writes Mr Wulkor. Tho phrase is somuwhnt stilted, and Sir Polydoro do Koysor is a littlo stilted also, as self-mado magniliceea aro wont to bo now and thou; but it is n comfort to know Unit thoro have been no squabbles. Sir Polydoro do Koysur did not ut any thno threaten to pull down the Victorian arch, which indeed bo bad no power to do, or to command, nor did Sir F. D. Boll olfcr to umko another. Tho story of tho tronblo about tho itrch is something like that of Iho three black crows, it Knems that tho original contractor for thu count ruction of tho arch failed to carry out Inn contract, nud what ho had done was pulled down by Mr Walker's own order, and replaced by an m'ch, thu designs for which woro gratuitously fur nished and carried out by Mr Donald son, an architect who is a mem ber of tho Driti»U Exucutivo. Mr Walker denounces thu cablegrams con cerning personal doings, especially tliosu that huvo boon sunt to tho Adelaide papers, nn bving incorrect, nml lie evi dently fouls not a littlo nciuula lisod at noma of tho reports lie traverses. How ever, th" most important faok Is tho Hue cuss of out' oiiturpriso, though thuro is tho ghost of u hint, of extra ux- ponso hi tho ominous words, " 1 hope, hinvovor, to keep within tho limits of tho Parliamentary votu. " Yet thortr i» nothing now in this kidd of diBappointmont, ami we are Always pro- pared for what aro called " additional oBthnutvs," That 'consideration donu with, wo liavo every rouson to be proud of our huccobh aud of tho place wo have taken at n truly representative concourse of tho nations of the earth. 