Sporting Gossip. [BY TUE VAGRANT.] j For many years tho Wallsend Jockey Club has occupied Easter Saturday and Monday as race days, despite all opposition offered by metropolitan and other clubs, and as usual it intended holding a gathering on tho next occasion. In the meantime, however, the Newcastle Club has hopped into the field with a programme for the self-same date, and the surprise and disgust of the sportsmen of the mining township can be better imagined than described. A meeting of members of the Wallsend Club was at once called, when it was decided not to notice the interference of the N. J. C, but to continue the arrangements for the meeting as if nothing had occurred, and I am sure every right thinking sportsman will applaud their action. The dates had through usage come, asit were, to be recog- nised as the property of the Wallsend Club, and with which no similar club within a reasonable distance should interfere, but from past experience it ÍB plain that the Newcastle Club is simply thoughtless and unsportsmanlike in its actions . in this respect. Some three years ago the club quietly jumped the 9th November, a date for years given up in the dis- trict to athletic sports in Wallsend. In order to make a convenient series of races the Northern Jockey Club once fixed its dates to come in a couple of days after tho Newcastle gathering, when the gentlemen of tho' coaly city showed their appreciation by shifting their dates so as to clash with Maitland races. And now comes the outrage on the feelings which should exist between Wallsend and Newcastle. Of course if the gatherings come off as now intended they will both Buffer to a very serious extent, both in the patronage of horseowners and the general public, who cannot be ubiquitous, but still it is not the place of the Wallsend Club to give way, and thus allow its dates to be stolen by the piratical New- castle body. The change should como from the N. J. C, whose duty it is to choose some other time for its approaching effort. If it does not its con- duct will be neither friendly, fair, courteous, or decent. But I hope some satisfactory arrangement will be come to between the rivals. It is said that the famous English sprinter Harry Gent has been seen in Sydney, and pedestrians are warned not to be taken down by this flyer. It is their own fault if they arc. Gent is known pro- bably by over a hundred persons in the colony, con- sequently can hardly hope to get away safely with one of the important Sydney Handicaps under an alias, for witness the exposure of a much less known man, Banks. However, match-making pods will have to keep their dyes open, but it serves any man right to be had if he gees blindly into a contest without he knows his opponent. I understand that a new six furlong race courso will be shortly opened at Waratah for the purpose of conducting pony races, and as the game has got very popular lately it should be a good speculation, if properly managed. The form displayed by R. R. Williams, winner of the big Carrington Handicap, was a revelation even to his most intimate friends, who had supported him for a very small amount only. Some months back Williams was in the hands of some residents of Stockton, who, how- ever, soon turned him up, as they did not believe he could do better than llsecs. However, he got as far as Sydney, where several clever people had goes out of it, but without success, and he finally rested with a hotel-keeper at Balmain, for whom he won the Handicap. Strange to say some two or three days before the running one of the brothers Rudd, who were' training Tommy Liddle, ran a trial with Williams, and the latter cut up so badly that Rudd and his friends told him he had not the ghost of a chance, and that it was no use his starting. Still he persevered and finally got home in about two yards outside evens, whilst the much-fancied Liddle was donkey licked in his first heat. Williams is a eood-lookint? .*-----«., «.*..*,,. ,, miaula io a guuu-iuumug half-caste, and stands over 6ft. The report that Sardonyx was destroyed turns out to be untrue. A long distance pedestrian named John Green, has in England lately set himself a heavy task. It is to cover 5100 miles in 100 days, walking 51 miles por day on a public road. Green, who is 37 years of age, ÍB 5ft. 6.1 inches in height, and weighs list., has previously covered 2500 miles in 50 days, and has started his long journey just to knock out " Wobbler" Weston's long-standing (or is it long walking) record. Percy Flanagan, who trained Hanlan for most of his matches in this colony, has issued a challenge to row Billy Hughes, of Newcastle, for .filOO a-side. Flanagan is a Victorian by birth, and was until lately an amateur, and as he is no champion Hughes should be able for hira. The conditions of the next Newcastle Sheffield 1 Handicap to be run next month will shortly appear, : and the event is to be a liberal one. In addition to I the prize "Martini" has a ¿62000 consultation . already open on it, and as Mr. Moroney conducts . his handicaps on straightforward principles it I Bhouldfill well. r Tom M'Carthy'a old favourite La Valette mado her re-appearance, aftor a lengthened rest, at Rose | hill on Saturday last, in the Election Handicap, and the daughter of Maribyrnong and Queensbury won easily at the finish from the other twenty-five, in 1 min. 16} Bees. Nerriker rode her in his usual artistic style, and it is worthy of note that Queens bury would seldom race a yard except for Nerriker. It is said, on what pretends to bo good authority, that in addition to the brothers to Acme and Cran brooK which are to represent the Hon. James White in the English Derby, that the Squire of Kirk- ham intends sending home soveral other yearlings, and Abercorn, Cranbrook, and Carlyon, and that tho lot are to be placed in the hands of Mathew Dawson to train. It may bo all correct about the yearlings, but I very much doubt that the older horses will be sent on the journey, as there would bo great risk to them in the in the trip, and it is not all probablo that they would become sufficiently acclimatised to do themselves justico in the cid ' country. It would be a great thing for Australia if tho youngsters which Mr. White is sending homo were to turn out as good as the crack trio, but it is A bit of odds against their doing so. Jackson has got another good thing on in America, for ho is matched to box Patsy Cardiff to a finish for a big purse. As far as my knowledge goes Cardiff is about the same size as Joe M'Auliffe, and just a bit better, as far as performances show, as a rough, hard fighter. Such mon can only beat Jackson by a fluke, and the American champions appear to be of that sort-boxers who have worked their way out on top simply by hard hitting and newspaper challenges. .Backers are faring badly over the Newmarket Handicap, for in addition to Volley and other woll backed ones which have been withdrawn, the Aus- tralian Peer wasscratched on Thursday, owing to an injury which he sustained on the previous day, The son of Darebin had never been in better condition, and as he had performed a rare good gallop he had been backed for several thousand pounds, BO that his retirement is a heavy blow to both the owner and punters generally. During the'past season in England, tho Duke of .Portland's horses accounted ? for no less than ¿826,811 in stakes alone, Lord . Calthorpe run ing a very good second with ¿826,647. Among sires Galopin has been most successful, his stock securing ¿830,156, Isonomy being Becond with ¿826,137, and Bend Or third with ¿822,635. Hampton, who was first in 1887 with ¿831,779, was last year only fourth, whilst Hermit, who was at the head of the list in 1885 with ¿830,121, is now only sixth with not half that total. Fred Barrett ' was the moat successful among the jockeys, having won 108 races, beating WattB by three only, but the latter rider has the better average, for he only , lost 353 races to the 434 of the former. However, both are a long way behind the performances ot poor Fred Archer. It is somewhat remarkable in connection with the running of that mysterious mare Good Bye, which ia so much like The Nun as to deceive poople who knew the disqualified animal well, that the latter has disappeared, and inquiry as to her where- abouts has failed to elicit the desired information. The V. R. C. Autumn meeting begins at Fleming- ton to-day, when the Newmarket Handicap will be added to tho things of the past. Each year great interest centres in the big sprint handicap, which is generally won by the favourite, and has never been secured by a bad horse, for the straight six furlongs is a terribly severe race on the horses which have to travel their best from the fall of the flag until the box is passed. I have discoursed pretty freely on the Newmarket since the weights were issued, and do not eare for again travelling a beaten track. The best performers iu the handi- cap this year are Cranbrook, Tradition, Cinderella, Lochiel, Carbine, Lady Betty, Boz, and Ernani, but they cannot all win, and so I must further reduce them. I think lOst. 3lb. and two or three other horses will stop Cranbrook ; Tradition has been pretty well backed during the past few days, so must have shown his ability to go fast over a short course. I am told there is a screw loose with Cinderella, who would nearly win if in proper nick ; Lochiel is a racehorse from his ear to his tail, and backers had better "Beware of Lochiel;" Carbine is the best three year old in Australia, has shown his ability to travel very fast, and con- sequently must have a rare show with 8st. 12lb. up if his party have backed him ; Lady Betty is a brilliant mare, has twice beaten Cranbrook at weight for age, and has been supported by her people; Boz is a great galloper, and as great a rogue, whilst Ernani has won four races right off the reel lately in very easy fashion, and the public do not know just how good he is. However to anticipate the judge's decision I will place them Carbine, 1 ; Lochiel, 2 ; Lady Betty, 3. The St. Leger is likely to be fought out between Chaldean, Melos, and Benzon, and I believe they will finish in that order. The Australian Cup will have a good deal of light thrown upon it by the time it comos up for decision, but Lochiel is my fahey, whilst Abercorn, The Yeoman, and Tradition all must have a chance. 