StJMMARY. . , e Wiso in a bog. , ! Boom in divorce. t, Estimates this week. ' ' : ' t More rain' last night. ! More trouble in Crete. . "Floods on the Richmond. ; , i River 25ft. high at Lismoro. Shearing has begun at Louth. Barrier trouble still continuos. Blood boats wanted at Lismoro. Mr. M'Millan sneers at respectability.' Wales and .William havo'mct. HurrOo 1 Tho Cretans are engaged in internal war. _ Hundreds of logs rolling down the northern rivers. Honniker Heaton has written a letter to tho Times on the W. A. question. Who's the ghost? German press lavishing fulsome praise on Britain. "Wales" and Wilhelm cordially greoted each other. Wilhelm ovidently likes to be on the safe side with his uncle. Broken Hill miners enforcing the union rules. West Australia is comforted. Henniker Heaton supports her claims to autonomy. The consent of the miners' headquarters nt Creswiok is necessary era .the Broken Hill miners can strike. The New Zealand Governor lias.given per mission to counsel for a condemned man to appear . before him to show causo why tho capital sentence should not be carried into effect: Hamilton Pit rescue party doing splendid work. \- The Melbourne fruit importers are up in arms against tho proposed new duties. 'Twos evertlius. Governor Broomo sticks up manfully for tho ' claims of his colony. Felix Pyat, Breach Communist, journalist, and dramatist, is dead. He was 78. _ Bankruptcy petition against Mr. John, shepherd, M.L.A., has been withdrawn. Another pony's body was recovered from: Glebe mine yestorday. Broken Hill miners deprecate tho use of tho .Word strike. Mr. J. C. Neild was a Bree-trader last night. .The weather has a lotto answer for. Mr. Wise represents' tho opposite of his Dame. Paddington Council and tho Road Trust are going to ask tho Commissioner for Railways that Oxford-street, Paddington, should bo Wood-blocked at the department's expense. The tigers round Boochow are very trouble- Some, eight natives having been carried off. There have been small crops of rice in Boochow, and as a consequence the rice market is very high. Mr. B. R. 'Wise was received with cries of MaoMillan's Magazine at a Bree-trade meeting last night. Mr. M'Millan has undertaken to explain What Calico Jemmy Liberalism means. Serious disturbance at Bakein, Hong Kong. 12,000 armed rebels attacked village, and <00 men, women, and children were Slaughtered. Tho students and the police at Hankow re cently .came into collision, and tho gunboat Merlin was despatched to see fair play. The Chinese riots at Bangkok have been quelled, 000 persons being taken. Sydney University footballers and Bathurst representative team waged war in grim earnest on the Association Cricket Ground yesterday afternoon And after all their labor tlioy found that neither was better than the other. British press crowing at Grenfell's slaughter of tho Soudanese. _ Next match between Bathurst and Sydnoy University ought to bo worth going a long way to see. A crowded meeting in Brisbane has endorsed the Eight-Hours Bill. ' "The greatest curse," says Mr, M'Millan that God Almighty indicted on somo mon is the gift of tho gab." This comes of self- recrimination. _Lord Cranlcy, . son of Governor Onslow, of Now Zealand, is getting no better of typhoid. Mr. J. Previa, of Dry Creek Smelting Works, S.A., recommends smelting works ut Mount Zechun, Tasmania. Compromise effootod on the New Zealand Representative Bill. Governor Onslow, of New Zealand, agreed to hear counsel in defence of Louis Chemis, condemned to death forthoKaiwarra murder. Legislative Council will wrestlo with tho Land Bill this afternoon. Messrs. J. P. Abbott and J. Bletcher, M's.L.A„ had an unusually cordial reception last night at Waverloy. The Civil Service Superannuation Bund amounts to L850,00p. Mr. Bruco Smith, in company with tho Engineer-in-Ohief for Harbors and Rivers, intends at an early date to visit tho proposed reclamation at Careening Cove and Neutral Bay. Mount Zeohan tramway, in Tasmania, going to be made. A Melbourne man has been charged with having stolen 30,000 cubic feet of gas. And the son of an ex-M.L. A., too ! The Treasurer made a desperate appeal on. behalf of calico at a small meeting m Wool-, lahra lash night. Mr. J. C. Neild has turned up as the Chair- man at a Bree-trade meeting. Now that the end of the year is not so very . far oif tho Treasurer is beginning to fall back on the usual " unforeseen circs." Albury is memorialising tho Railway Com missioners in regard to tho differential rates. Says M'Millan : — "By tho blessing of God" —why' their constant appeals to tho Deity ? — "the Bree-trade flag shall be unfurled, and shall wave over Australia to the end of time." Mr. M'Millan's idea of time is the next elec tion. A Borbos squatter this year marked G7,G00 lambs, and will have 00,000 ewes for next breeding season. ; Tho continued wet weathov has so swollen the doors of the railway carriages that it is highly entertaining to see passengers drenched and dripping wrestling witli tho doors. A telegram in this morning's papers Btatos that tho residents of MurwiUumbah are dis satisfied at what tho Government purpose doing at Byron Bay. That should just about seal, sign, and deliver the fato of tho present Ministry. Operations wore resumed nt tho baled-out Co-operative Colliery, Plattsburg, yesterday.' We are pleased to notice that W. H. Paling and Co., Limited, havo had the good fortune to secure tho agency of tho world-renownod American Piano Manufacturers, Steinway and Sons, and aro exhibiting several magnificent specimens of these pianos, which are remark able for brillianco of tono and perfection in design and workmanship,' A branch of tho Protection Lcnguo is to bo formed at Thirlinoro, four miles from Pieton, on Saturday evening, to bo preceded by a public meeting. As a largo population is settling about Thirlmere, thorS is every pros pect of tho branch being a success. "Oxford- stroot," said a Paddington alder man last night, " is a sea of mud, but Gurnor- Btrect is in a pitiful plight, and tho wheels can bo buried over the ballast altogether. The jury, in tho case of T. O: Jones, charged with stealing gas in Melbourne, have been unable to agree. Mr. Richard Coal, cold water advocate, from America, is to visit New Zeuland. The patriotic owners of dclapidatod build ings adjoining Marshall's browery, Padding ton, ask a modest £(>00 to removo the eyesores, but the borough council can't see it. Patrick Binn, district bailiff, lias been drowned at Lithgow. Ho was in possession— of whisky. Major-General Edwards has inspeoted tho Victorian forces, and expresses satisfaction with iho soldier-like bearing of the men. Why, Ivcry, military reviewer says tho same thing. Ladies and Gentlemen should inspect S. Whiddon's splendid Stock of cheap Boots, at Pitt-street, or Oxford-street. Tattcrsall's Consultations now open. Spring Handicap, run August 24, 2000 subs., 20s. each ; and Sir Joseph Banks Grand Handicap, run September 2, 4, and 9, 3000 subs, at 20s. ; also Monster Consultation of 50,000 on the Melbourne Cup, 20s. each. Apply Tattursall, care of Geo. Aaams, Tattorsall's, Sydney. Leger's Consultation, Spring Handicap 2000 at 10s. Melbourne Cup, 5000 at 10s. Now open. Address, " Leger, caro of Barrows, jtm., Mercantile- chambers, Park-streot, Syd ney," > 