The Homesteads League is to be com plimented' for its untiring energy and the amount of success it has achieved. If it has a fault it is that of being too sanguine, and of putting the bright eide of things before the public. We do not infer that the League has the remotest intention of withholding any information from the class it is desirous ot settling permanently on the land. But it is evidently so captivated with the result of its efforts hitherto that it is unable to see any discouraging fea tures in relation to the system. It is certainly not our purpose to attempt to turn molehills into mountains of diffi culty. To attempt to do so would be anything but a commendable course of action. Hence we merely state. that while we wish the block-holders every success they must be prepared for oc casional uphill work. There are several matters which the League must keep constantly in view if it would ex tend the blook system, and attract population to cultivate the soil and foster industries. The first and most important is the soil and situation. Any attempt to settle people on small blocks of inferior land would be to court failure. We are aware that land of doubtful quality has been surveyed into small blocks, and some of them have been taken up, but the holders will have, in order to make their little properties at all fruitful, to labor under serious disadvantages. We do not blame the League for that; neither can we find much fault with the Govern ment. The best of the land in the old settled districts passed into the hands of agriculturists and pastoralists before the utility of encouraging a small block By stem was much thought of. It is true that there are Government re serves and a few roads fairly suitable for the purposes of the League. Such land is readily being placed in the market, and there seems to have been a tolerably fair demand for it. Of course the thing is but in its initial stage, and some of the blockers who are located on the choice and well watered land at Wirrabara, as also those in the hills and within easy dis tance of the City, are tolerably well satisfied with their holdings, but it is not the case with many who are less favorably situated. But we believe that things will right themselves under wi6e legislation. We gather from the annual meeting of the League that the return which the Legislative Council called for last session shows that 1,366 blocks in ninety-one of the districts known as hundreds had been visited. Of these 687 are reported as being re sided upon, and the occupiers are said to be doing fairly well. That is cer tainly matter for congratulation, and we trust that when the novelty of the thing wears off they will show no dis position to leave. It will be remem bered that when the Area farmers first settled on their holdings they were highly delighted with their prospects, but dry seasons were experienced, and with their light crops and a scarcity of: water led to a 'clearing out' and the ; survival of the fittest. The strong bought out the weak, and the result was large holdings and a decrease of population in the agricultural districts. It is therefore not an unwarrantable stretch of the imagination to anticipate an exodus of those who locate in un suitable country in the event of a repe tition of bad eeasfla. The Government might do much to wards building up the small block sys tem. Where land in private hands is put into the market, if considered specially suitable for being cut up into blocks for small holders, the Govern ment might secure it for that purpose. Perhaps it might be within the line of the League's programme to secure valuable block land when offered for Eale. The League is fully aware that the chief difficulty it has to cope with is the scarcity of available land that iB highly fertile and favored with a good water supply. We believe that the League will be encouraged in its efforts provided it continues to extend its system of settlement on a life basis. The idea which some people entertain of settling people in thousands in a few months, is in little colonies we be lieve impracticable. It would be un fair to bring people to our shores in large numbers under the impression that they could make a comfortable living on small blocks of land. The gradual prooess which is in operation is preferable, for those who have taken blocks of land know the colony. They have a good idea where they will find employment when they want it, and hence they are not likely to become a burden on the State. A pauper popu lation should be carefully guarded against, and we have no doubt that the legislature will endeavor to further the interests of the League so long as it does not overstep the bounds of practical politics. It has we must con fess a tendency to go too fast, and an indication of this is noticeable in the fact that it is agitating for a Home stead Settlement Board in connection with the Crown Lands Department. Surely additional machinery of that kind is unnecessary. Our Government is costly enough, and it has within it sufficient departmental strength to mete out justice to all classes who oc cupy the soil. We trust that all pos sible encouragement will be given to bonajuLe settlement on the land. The votaries of gossip are cosmopolitan. Society of every gtade is included in its membership. No strike takes place in any of its branches, aa iB frequently the case in modern unionism.. That is easily accounted for. There are no black-legs, the brother hood and sisterhood being universal. The branches are nevertheless distinct, and the classification ia as unique as it is actual. It is not determined by anatomical configura tion, but by ' blood' qualification. CoUur de rose is refused first rank, the diimajorum gentium being the ' blue blood' claimants. Here one gets an insight into some of the freaks that constitute the genus de conditi tion and separate them from the de peu. The testimony which received credence by our ancestors that all the races of men are of one blood is becoming effete. Society gossip still debates that point, each society clinging to its cheriBhed traditions, and giving them to the world in spicy if not always in attractive form. He who has been designated the ' wise man' declared on one occasion thai ' there was nothing new under the eun.' Perhaps he was at the time rendered pettish by the monot onous clatter of his numerous wives. If so he placed on record Mb private opinion. He did more, because from that memorable dale down to the - present time goeaip mongera have been busy producing nine days' wonders, and with what success the units are at liberty to determine. The period has passed when gossip societies re velled in recounting ghost etorieB, when it was supposed that apparitions were as plentiful as blackberries, when the nocturnal peregrinations of their forbears were not questioned, and their mission not under stood. In modern times the mythical 'Jack the Ripper' haB rendered White chapel famous not only as a rendezvous of the unfortunate class, but the place where tragedy furnishes material for gossip litera ture. It may. appear strange, but the so cieties under consideration in their gossip index record a ' murder period,' a ' levant ing period,' the 'age of divorce,' the 'scandal epoch,' &c.; The students of gossip affirm these run in cycles, and are laboring ' to reduce society doings to a science. They are in short attempting to give forecasts, and contemplate securing for the colonies the youthful, but now world famed, Egeaon. There are also cycles in which the different classes of society furnish material for gossip. This is therefore the ' blue blood' and ' scandal epoch.' The head-quarters, London, not in the vicinity of Whitechapel, but in the club premises, West End. Gossip eays that practices the most abominable have been perpetrated, that nearly one hundred members of the blue blood fraternity are in it. That the news papers have hushed up the etory. Incred ible I Is the Pall Mall Gazette defunct f Has its late editor, Mr. Stead, joined the great majority ? Is Truth the only truth ful organ, and is it kept in the dark f Have the metropolitan police been affected with itching palms ? Why single out Lords Cardross and Somerset ? Verily the gossip societies are whetting their appetites, but complaiu that the dish bj being kept so long will be too ' high' to be palatable But we have do need to traverse the sea to find the latest in the gossip annals. We find it in Marble Hall, on North Terrace. Legislators are supposed to be impervious to the whisperings of rumor, to be in fact real matter-of-fact men, to weigh everythiug in the balance of reason. But how are the mighty fallen, as to be ensnared by gossip. Where can we find a man with a truer eye than the senior member for Wooroora ? Give him a rifle, and he will make tbe beli ring to the steadiness of his aim. But how easily blinded by gossip, and how unfortu nate while iu that condition to level his weapon at the Railway Commissioners ! How unlike that usually genial member to hurl at the heads of these men in authority his meutal cartridges ! How affectionately he pate the railway employe's, how hard worked they were, what a shame to reduce their pay 1 That jade gossip has done the mischief. Mr. Nash, shrewd in most things, has for once been seduced by rumor, hence he has something to say about the intentions of the Commissioners, but not known to the latter till let loose from that member's gossip bag. Mr. Rees put his foot in the gin, and hence gave expression to his feelings. The attention of the House had been drawn to the finding of a mare's nest, and no less a personage than the Com missioner of Public Works was among the discoverers. What a sorry figure he makes of himself 1 How humiliating for him to say, ' He had seen the Railway Commis sioners since the rumor was mentioned in the Honse last week, and he was glad to find that there was nothing in it.' ' Nothing in it!' But there is something in ' HanBard' relating to it, showing how a deliberative body can blunder when it submits to be led by rumor. ' Nothing in it!' It has immortalised Commissioner Smith by being cremated in tbe urn which rumor built, and round which the populace danced and rendered homage to the god — goBsip. ? Glare Cobpobation. — The nominations to fill the different offices in the Clare Cor poration will take place to-morrow in the Town Hall at noon. Red Rust. — The crops in this district are more or less affected with rust, and we were shown a sample on Tuesday on which the disease had nearly reached the head. But at the same time there is not much cause for alarm, as the fields are too far ad vanced to be seriously damaged. A surfeit of moisture has been the bane of the crops in tbe hills this season. Our Coming Musicians.— It is evident on looking over the lists just published bj the University of Adelaide in connection with the examinations in music that the study of music is not altogether overlooked in Clare. At least three of our young people have been successful, Miss Alice Kimber having passed in the theory, Miss Lillian E. Stubbs in the practice, and Miss Lucy Webb in organ playing. It is not without significance that out of the three young ladies who have passed two of them have been supplied by the parsbnagea of this town. We heartily congratulate our young friends on their success, and hope that this will prove as the first sheaf of the harvest. The teachers of the young ladies concerned were Miss Greayer, Miss Hawker, and Mr. Harold Daries respectively. Popular Penky Lecture. — The fifth of the series of popular penny lectures was given on TueBday, November 19, in the Wealeyan Lecture Hall by Mr. W. Kelly, J.P. (Mayor of Clare). The subject chosen was ' The First Man,' and notwithstanding the oppressive heat of the weather there was a good attendance. The subject was handled in a very instructive manner. It might be possible that man had existed on this planet previous to Adam, but it was agreed on all hands that Adam was the first man of our race. The quest for the man monkey had been given up by all serious men, sod the attempt to find the bridge be tween man and ape had left the gulf wider than before. The Rev. A. StubbB occupied the chair,, and music was rendered by several young ladies. Votes of thanks to the lec turer and the musicians having been given by acclamation, the meeting closed with the National Anthem. The last lecture of the course will be delivered by the Rev. W. A. Bainger on Monday next, the subject being, ' Steps Towards Manhood.' Tennis. — A match between the Snow town and Koolunga tennis clubs was played at the latter place ou Saturday last. The contest was won easily by Snowtowo. Mr. Kaeten was appointed captain of the win ning team. Scores : — Doubles (gents.) — Young and Randell (Snowtown) v. Fer gusson and C. H. Chick (Koolunga), Snow town, 6 ; Koolunga, 3. Sinclair and Drink water (Snowtown) v. E. Chick and H. Chick (Koolunga), Snowtown, 6; Koolunga, 1\. Kasten and Sinclair (Snowtown) v. Fergusaon and Chick (Koolunga), Snow town, 6; Koolunga, 2. Ladies — Misses Young and Grigg (Snowtown) v. Misses Inglis and Lillecrap (Koolunga), Snowtown, 6 ; Koolunga, 0. Singles — Sinclair v. C. H. Chick, Snowtown, 6; Koolunga, 4. Kasten v. Fergusson, Snowtown, 6 ; Koolunga, 4. Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — The steam companies engaged in the car riage of passengers and cargo through the world, as well as the smaller companies en gaged in carrying cargo and passengers along the coasts of England, threaten an early suspension of the coastal trade. The reason is supposed to be the cost of labor and the competition of the railways. Mr. Tiliett, who was prominent in the manage ment of the London Dock laborers' strike, is organising this movement. The dockers who have gone out on strike at Hamburg on the ground of insufficient pay, have arranged, after they have secured their immediate ends, to work in union with the London dockers. The next Congress of the Trades Unionists of Great Britain will meet in London in January of 1890. The principal business will be to elect a Federal Council of Labor. The refusal of a dozen clerks and a fireman — all employed at the Tilbury Docks — to join the Union is causing au im portant strike. No less than 1,600 dockers have gone out on strike in order to enforce the adhesion to their particular Union of these clerks. The great danger of laborers in the docks is recognised to be the possi bility of the introduction of foreign laborers. So as to prevent outsiders from coming into London the dockers have decided to close the entrance-lists to the Union at an early date. — In order to emphasize tbe absolute good feeling which controlled the move ments of the leaders of tbe revolution in Brazil, the new Government preeented Don Pedro on his departure from Brazil with a sum of money equal to £580,000 sterling. At the same time the Government an nounced that they would allow tbe deposed Emperor an annual pension of £60,000 ster ling, and would also continue tbe usual allowance to tbe members of the Imperial Family. Tbe particulars of tbe movement which ended in the overthrow of the Bra zilian Empire have now to a certain extent been published. It appears that Fonseca, the present President of the Republic of Brazil, had corrupted the garrison occupying Rio de Janeiro, the capital. On Thursday night (November 14) he seized the city without any bloodshed. On the following morning he proceeded to that part of the city in which the Emperor resided, and in formed his Majesty in the presence of his family that he had been deposed. The news was received by Don Pedro with the utmost composure. Within au hoar his Majesty and his family were placed on board a mail steamer bound for Lisbon, a Brazilian man of-war acting as escort. — The young Chinese Emperor, who has recently assumed the throne after a long minority, in which hie mother carried on the Government, has re fused to see the bride selected for him by the Empress-mother. The influence of the latter is distinctly waning. Estimated Wheat Yield. — The Deputy-Surveyor General, who is also Chair man of the Northern Land Board, has just returned to town after an extended tour with the board through the Northern Areas. He estimates the wheat yield in the hun dreds traversed ae follows: — Wonaka, 15 bushels ; Arkaba, 14 ; Wirreanda, 14 ; Oudlamudla, 12; Kanyaka, 12; Wyacca, 14; Yarrah, 13; Boolcunda, 12; Pichi richi, 15 ; Palmer, 14 ; Mookra, 12 ; Yed nalue, 12; Dtooada, 10; EuriJpa, 12; Yanyarrie, 17 ; Bendleby, 13 ; Woolun dunga, 12 ; Winninowie, 12 ; Davenport, 12; Willochra, 15; Coonatto, 14; Pinda, 15 ; Gregory, 13 ; Eurelia, 13 ; Yalpara, 12. Red rust has made its appearance, but is not likely to seriously lessen the yield. Its effects are most perceptible in the hundreds of Winninowie and Davenport, which, but for it, would probably produce 15 bushels per acre. The late crops show rust more than those eown earlier, but the estimate given iB believed to be under than over the mark. — Advertiser. The Bellringers. — The Lynch family of bellringera performed in the Clare Town Hall on Wednesday last before a large and appreciative auditory. Their clever mani putation of the bells of various descriptions was most entertaining, well-marked ap plause being the result of their efforts. Mr. Parlatto, a comic singer, was encored for every song he delivered, and he kept the ' gods' in a perpetual state of laughter. Mr. Percy Browne was successful as a vocalist, and was listened to with rapt at tention. The entertainment, which was a success, concluded with a farce, which went off well, and caused a ripple of laughter from beginning to end. Received— The Pictorial Australian, which contains numerous engravings of an interesting nature. There is also a colored supplement, neatly designed, entitled ' Aboriginals of Australia,' besides a plan of Adelaide and suburbs. 