HEATBHCOTE HOSPITAL. MEETHIG OF THE COmMTTEEB O, MANAGEMENT. TUESDAY, 7TH1 MAY, 1889. Present-Meoisrs Yon-der-Luft (in the chair), Debney, Hedley, Hamilton, Itzerott, and Greig (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. From Secretary Shire of Waranga, forwarding donation of £5 from the Council, and asking receipt and tickets to be forwarded.-- Received, and to be acknowledged with thanks: re quest haviag heer :complied with. From W. Parker, Secretary St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, in reply toirequest of committee to join in a Hospital Sunday movement, stating he had been instructed to say that if the other churches agreed the Presby terian Church would make a special collection, and any surplas over the average ordinary collection would be given to the Hospital; that on a date being decided upon the Minister would notify same from pulpit.-Received, a member remarking that charity seemed to commence in the church. From Rev. Father Kearns, resigning his position of vice-presidentship on account of taking a trip to Europe; that his duties prevented his attending the meeting that day; and wishing to be excused for not attending to the duties of the visiting- committee during the last month, which office he also resigned; and wishing the institution every success.-Received, and thanks of commnittee to be tendered to Father Kearns for the interest taken by him in the institution, on motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr Debney, the mover stating that throughout his connection with the institution the Rev.-Father Kearns had done all in his power to further its iuterests. The Medical Officer reported that during the last month ten males and one female had been admitted into the institution; discharged 8 males and 2 females; leaving 10 males under treat ment; that thei Hospital was in its usual state of cle nliniess arid good order. -Received. , Mr Itzerott dia not think everything in connection with the institution was in good order when;a mad named James Cook, who he though wass admitted oh 13th'April, stopped all Saturday and Sunday without medical attendance, and on the Monday morning was told that nothing could be done for him, and he was only suffering from a sprained leg. He believed that Cook was a little thin skinned, for he cleared out on being told this; but considered he had not been done justice to. He (Mr Itw-rott) gave the 'man the ticket to admit him, and it seemed strange that in a place where sdch. remarkable orres had beenicade, that nothing could be done :for C`ook, and thouurht that surely somethi g might hrve been done fir such an unftrtonate creature, who for the last ten years had conninually met with accidents, and was broken down in mind and body. To say the least about it, nook was treated with very scant courtesy-a man well deser. ving of charity. S) . Clark denied the imputation that, Cook was not' attended to, point blank, saying that on Saturday evening he had entered the hospital and on Sunday morning he had treated him, and was surprised'upon coming up at 9 o'clock on Monday inorting't" find that he had gone. He did not tell Cook that nuthing could he done for him. Mr Itzerott said that the Warder had .done ao. .: Dr.. Clark said he knew Cook of old behaving heen in the hospitall before 1 and had done the same thing then. That the man was not in his right mind. The Warder, rn being called in,' said it was not true that lie had t,,ld Cook that nothing could he done for him. M1r Itzerott said he defied anyone to say that Cook had told a lie, he having known him for 27 years and never knew him to speak a lie. Dr Clark mentioned that Cook had. been in the Lunatic sylum and was not right in his mind. Mr Iteerort said he was all the more aggrieved because the man was in capable of work, and one who was very deserving of their charity ; that he would brinr Cook in to prove what. he. had said. After. being told- that ,he couldn't le cured he went to the Sahdburst Hospital. The Chairman stated that it was not the place for him here if .he was incurable, and that he should not have been taken in at all. Mr Debney understood the charge was that Cook came in on Saturday and received no medical treatment till Monday morning. The Matrer, mentioned that Cook was attended to ono unday.morning, Dr. Clark putting pain paint on the patient himself, and had attended to him morning and evening. The fact of it was, the man had -been frightened away through being joked at by other patients in the ward over some ghost story. . Mr Debneythought as the charge was denied that the only thing: for Mr Itzerott to do was to bring Cook forward to answer for himself, or else withdraw the charge. ' Mr Itzerott said before he would with draw .a word he would bring the'. man. before the committee and clear it up. The man had been milking in his yard when he fell, not having a leg to stand on: .His boy brought him into the Hospital, though Cook said what was the use of his going there as nothing had been done for him before. Dr. Clark said Cook had been there for 3 months and was covered with erisipelas from head to foot, but he went away cured. Mr Itzerott-Don't say such a thing. I never knew a man with a constitution so good. The Chairman thought it ridiculous for a committeeman to contradict the Doctor, when he said hbe' suffered with eriseplas. from head tp foot. How was.he (Mr Itzeratt) to know that he was not? If the niian had anything to say he should come before the committee and lay a' charge. Mr Itzerott-- I'll fetch him, depend upon it." Mr Hamilton related how Cook broke his leg near Wilcannia and afterwards got it poisoned through getting wool when green in it, the bone coming out. After the Chairman had said he knew the Doctor had attended to the patients regularly lately, and Dr. Clark added that he had not missed going to the Hospital either morning or evening.since he broke his arm about a year ago; the matter was allowed to drop. The Treasurer reported as under: .Receipts-balance at credit in Bank, £46 19s 3d; Mr J. Sheplerdl '(for J. Kiid, deceased), 10s; Govern ment subsidy, £100; Waranga Shire Council, £5; Mr W. T. Webb, £3 3s; Mr H. T. James, £1 ; Mr D. Nicholson, 10s 6d. Total £156 2s 9d. Payments. Warder, Matron, and Housemaid, £9 13s 4d; ilickson (commission). ,9s; sundry accounts, £11 9s 10d Leisa (eontractor), £7 9s 11d ; Dr. 'Clark (salary), £37 10s. Total £66 12s ld. Balance at Bank. £89 10s 8d.-Received. The collector reported receipt of the following subscriptions during the month of April: Mr W. T. Webb, M.L.A., ... 3 3 0 Mr H. T. James ... ... 1 0 0 Mr D. Nicholson ... .... 0 10 6 Total ... £4 13 6 -Received. Several reports from the Visiting-com mittee, re finding everything in 'good .order, with no complaints from the patient, were read and received. The following accounts were passed for payment:-Warder & Matron, £7 lOs;1 Housemaid, £2 3s 4d; G. Ford, I1s; W. E. Lewis, £10 ls 4d; G. R. Townsend, £50 s 5d; J. Erwin, 18s Id; Ah Toon, 8\. ld; Christie & Spinks, £2 6s 3d; Rocke, Tompsitt & Co., £1 10s 3d; Carriage, 3s 3d; ]Kearney & Pammenter, £2 lls 6d; J. Crowle, £3 6s. Mr P. Gleeson, of Staffordshire Flat, waited on the committee with reference to hig account for relief of hir'wife, stating that he was unable to pay any thing, having a large family and his wife being in ill-health, but that he had always helped tile hospital when any. sports were got up ; he and Mr Massey having raised £9 by this means. The amount dud is £9, and in answer to members, Mr Gleeson eaid he had 80 acres of land, and 100 acres of wild bush, with which he was not able to do any thing; that he had cows, but it was due to his neighbours kindness; that he could not pay £1, but at any time .that he could do so he would. "''a . . Mr Deboey suggested letting it sbinl over for_6 monlths, at the end ofWhich time; Mr Gleeson might be iv better circumstances to pay;. From the reni'ks .passed it appeared t& be' the feeliig of the committee that" Gleeson was able to pay. The Secretary reported that Lloyd had said very much the same as Gleesson to him, and having been 5 months without work he could really give nothing; but whenever he had the means he would throw in £1 to the Hospital. It was considered that it would be a bad plan to recover by law proceedings if it could be done without; and the matter was therefore held over. The Secretary drew attention .tp the necessity of some little petty cash.. being. held in hand either by the Treasurer or hiimself, instancing the want of it to pay for carriage by railway and other things. It never having been done, no action w a taken, the opinion prevailing that the offinoers of the institution might supply the cash, the amounts being small, knowing that it was certain to be paid back. A sum of £1 was voted to a peousious patient named Neil, who hal done a lot.of work in the garden and wishgd. to leave the institution, on the motipoh of Mr Itzerott, seconded by Mr Debney. 