The Centennial Hall. One of the last public acts in connection with the New South Wales Centennial Hall was per formed at half-past 12 p.m. yesterday bv Miss Mary Ann Harris, daughter of the Mayor, viz., the laying of the final stone. The stone in question is situated on the top of the building, and was reached by the large spiral staircase. Special platforms had been erected, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen, including a number of members of Parliament, and the Mayor and aldermen, were present. When the stone had been lowered into its posi tion a. beautiful silver trowel with the following inscription : ' In commemoration of the plaeing in position of the final stone of the Centennial Hall, by Miss Mary Ann Harris, daughter of J. Harris, Esq., Mayor of Sydney,' while on the reverse side were tne words : ' Presented by J. Stewart and Co., Contractors, April 10, 1889,' was handed to 'Miss Harris by a member of the firm of contractors. Miss Harris then performed the ceremony of laying the stone. The latter bore the following inscription : 'This stone was laid by Miss Mary Ann Harris, daughter of John Harris, Mayor, on the 19th of April, 1889, being the final stone set of the£entennial HalL' The Mayor then, in a neat speech, traced the work from its commencement up to the present time, and three hearty cheers were given in com memoration. The company then descended to the great vesti bule of the Town Hall, where a sumptuous lun cheon had been prepared by the contractors. The Mayor occupied the chair, and there were about 150 ladies and gentlemen present. The usual loyal toast was proposed by the Chatemak. Alderman Manning proposed, ' The Ministry and the Parliament/' Mr. J. Macintosh, M.L.C., andMr. i1. Abigail, M.P,, responded. Alderman A. Dean proposed 'The day we celebrate.' He referred to the time when as a schoolboy he used to pass the spot where they were now .assembled, and would conjure up ghosts in his imagination as he passed the tomb stones. Now on this same spot they bad one of the finest public buildings in the world, which when completed would have cost nearly a quarter of a million sterling. Mr. D. Stevtaet (one of the contractors) re sponded. He stated that during the past three years his firm had been engaged upon the work; and, in. spite of a number of delays, they had during that time put together 25,000 tons of solid material. The Centennial Hall would include 14,100 square feet, and would be one of the largest in the world, eclipsing bv far the Melbourne Town Hall. Mr. Abigail proposed the ' City Council.' The Mayos responded, and said that as far as the public was concerned the corporation had received more kicks than halfpence, conse quently it was a new experience to hear themselves spoken of in terms of praise. The corporation had long since introduced the system of 'female suffrage,' and the ladies were now eligible to vote at elections, and to fill the alderiaani-j seats, and even that of the Mayor. The council had received a great amount of abuse respecting the George-street Markets, which it must be ad mitted were a disgrace to the city ; but it might beborne in mind that the council had no power either to lease the ground or to build thtsreoc. He only desired the Government to hand over the site and allow the council to build upon it. Comparisons between Sydney and Melbourne, greatly to the disparagement of the former, had been made -, but it should be remembered that the ^Melbourne Corporation had been splendidly endowed by. the Government, and that the people oi Victoria took great pride in their magnificent cky. In Sydceythecase was different, as the council had. been compelled to fight an uphill battle, and at the preset itit-ie their endowment of £25,000per year had. ceased. I'll 1854 the Government had appointed a commission which bad managed the city affairs until 1857, when the wnole was handed over to the corporation, which, at the outset, was saddled ^rith a debt of .£300,000. They had re ceived .£10,000 per year endowment, but this was seldom paid tr-rin^ to its being required i'or the payment of interest. In 1879 the council ?rc'as debited by the Government, with the sum of .£790,000, stated to have been principal and interest accruing thereon.' In spite of this the council had effected wonderf al things, and what had been done was by taxing the people, not from assistance received from the Govern ment. The city rate amounted to ,£220,000 per year, and out of this had to be paid JJ45,000 towards a sinking fund and for interest. Alderman Kippax also responded. The toasts of the ' Ladies/' the ' Mayor,' and the ' Press,' concluded the proceedings. 