SOME ONE ELSE. (A STORY BY B. M. OROKER.) CHAPTER XXII. BURMESE GHOST STORIES. ? 'After ft -while, Moung Jo returned, to find desolation. Ho was heart- broken, nnd wan dered about the Moung J eos' deserted fruit garden for hours, by day and night. At last, one evening, he beheld, standing on a walk close to liim, Mar Slmy Thaw herself ! llis fi.fnnictimnnf. M'nv silvmlv tfin rTOJlf, for WOrtls. ? Oh, Mar Sliay Thaw, they told me you were dead,' he cried, vehemently ; ' what is this ?' 'They told you lies,' she returned viciously; ?I have been waiting for you for months and months,' with a pout. But, Moung Jo, do not tell any one you have seen me ! I only come here of an evening till my father returns. Come to my house to-morrow at this hour/, and she vanished. ' Moung Jo departed, almost dancing with joy, and was of course up to time in his old place the next evening. But what was his horror to behold his Jiancce come out and look oyer the balcony. Now, this, be it known, was a frightful breach of etiquette,, and Moune Jo. bcinc n respectable Bimnan, was awfully shocked ! However, he smothered his feelings, and held his tongue. Next evening, she invited him up into the verandah. This was worse still, and lie firmly but politely declined to budge from his mat ; he was at a loss to understand how his bashful golden tooth had' become so abominably forward! 'When he was leaving, he chanced to look back, and to his horror arid surprise saw her face hideously contorted with hato and fury ; so he prudently went and told the old Poungyee, who warned him not to enter her house, or touch food, on peril of Ins life. Next day lie found the young lady was on the ground, with her mat beside his, and a splendid feast spread beside it, of every imaginable delicacy ; but Moung Jo was prudent, and would not eat ; and after some high words, culminating in violent abuse from the lady, he got up and walked off, and related his little story to the priest. .The following morning at daybreak, all the men of the village, armed with shovels and spades, set out for Mar Shay Thaw's grave, in tlie wane oi ine noiy iuwi, wuu ordered it to be opened, saying, ' in rare cases, such as this, a devil takes possession of a human body after death ; probably as punish ment for something that body has done in a former and remote state.' The colhn-lid was loose, according to Burmese fashion ; it was raised, and there lay the lovely Mar Shay Thaw, as if asleep and in perfect health ! — She opened her eyes, and glared at the priest, . who, seizing a pointed stake, drove it right through her heart. There was one fiendish yell, and the body collapsed into a mere comn full of bones, which were quickly collected and burnt to ashes. The ashes were scattered on the Salween, and that was positively the end of' the beautiful golden tooth.' ' I declare I'm quite hoarse,' said Miles, as he concluded. ' Is there any more tea 1' _ j ' What an extraordinary, odd, horrible story,' exclaimed Gussie, breaking the. long silence ; ' and hot an orthodox ghost story at all 5 it's more of the vampire style ; there was ?no apparition. Do tell us another, like a good,' agreeable Miles 1' ' It's not my turn ; and — ' ' Never mind that ; let us have a short one just to fill Up the next ten minutes before the dressing bell,' said Connie, sociably. . Miss Jane said nothing. She was not quite Bure that she approved of these tales about vampires, and demons ! ' Well, a fellow I know very well, a commissioner, swears by all his gods that this is true, and it is short and to the point, at any rate,' said Miles, thrusting his hands into his pockets, and making a fresh start, in answer to a clamorous appeal. 'He and some Burmans had been out shooting on the banks of a river, and as they were returning to their village, just before sunset, they went along a path parallel to the water's edge, through a jungle of elephant «»rass, which was aDout seven ieei ingii , ?and there, it was in thick patches, bnt in some places there was nothing but the short grass of the surrounding plain. As they marched along in single file, a sudden rustling among the high elephant grass attracted the fellow's attention, and he raised his rifle, thinking it was some wild animal. However, seeing nothing, lie walked on. Again the grass moved violently, as though some large beast were pushing its way through it. This time he put his rifle to his shoulder, but he quickly withdrew it when he saw that it was merely a Burman moving parallel to the party. It struck them at the moment that he must be of cisantic stature, as his head and shoulders ® P i ? -i-u- : ? i~ fnof. liin-M Hn were aoove tue — seemed to keep up with them step for step, till they came to an opening, and there was aio concealment, only bare green plain, and the whole party were horrified to see that their fellow-traveller consisted, only of -the head, arms, and trunk of an immense man, which kept moving along about four feet from the j 'round ' The Burmans shrank together, muttering, 1 A Bloo ! A Bloo !' (Evil Spirit), and were, as well as their European com panion,' excessively uncomfortable, even al though the ' Bloo ' was once more partially concealed in the elephant grass. . At length they came to a cross road, anci here the'figure for the first time turned, and looked at them leisurely; and they saw its full- face, which was that of a devil, and hideously wicked- looking and malignant. To their immense reliet he tooir trie owiei- pa,u»— a path leading to another village— and they hurried home at the top of their speed, and one of the Burmans went and told the Poungyee, who sent him of! at once to the village down the river, to go to the priest, to warn the inhabitants to leave it that iugnt, and cross to the opposite bank, or evil would befall them ! The priest of this village, when he heard the message, summoned all the head ?men, and told them of the notice lie had received Some said they would not stir. It was not convenient to move their families in such a short time. Some prepared to sluft their quarters at once, and wisely crossed the river without further parley. It was well they did. By next morning every soul who had elected to remain behind, was dead of choleya ' Motto— never disregard good advice, said Gussie, shaking her head solemnly. ? ? There's the gong,' said Connie. 'That last was a ghastly story, Miles, and I believe vou ' invented it! Come, come* girls; it is time to dress for dinner. Robert will be arriving 2 Away with you 1' Haidcc, nevertheless, lingered behind, with one foot on the fender, gazing speculatively into the fire. ' Of course those Burmese legerfds are all nonsense, Miles. I think the first was the worst. Tlie woman in the shape of a fiend ! What a shame, to have mado it a pretty girl !' ' Oh, was it 1' ironically. ' Pretty girls ,1„ l/,fe nC l.mnn ,*,1 f.liniV nwll \Vn,V ! Pd'haDS it is only intended as a parable — merely to show how many men's lives, or happiness, the fair golden tooth had wrecked ! We hear of such things in this country, you know !' ' Not often !' combatively. ' Oh, pretty fairly well, as Robert says ! Girls who carry on with one fellow, and are engaged to another ; amusing themselves by making fools of them both ! There was a man I knew, who was engaged to a girl at home, and he was just starting for England when he vp.nn.ivnd a telegram at the railway statiGn. It was short, and very much to the point — ' Do riot come. Maude is married !' She had been engaged to another fellow as well all tlie time ! I believe she was distractingly pretty, and quite untrammelled by any scruples. And the other man had the most coin. Poor old Thompson went nearly mad ! He has never been the same since ! ' Really ! Now what would you :lo, Miles, if a girl, say I, were to treat you like that ?' inquired Haidee, leaning her elbow on the chimney-piece, and speaking to his reflection in tho glass. ' What would I do ?' he echoed, turning a little pale. ' As I could not realize it, I can not tell you! What is the use of trying to answer impossible questions or anticipating such a contingency ?' ? ' ? ' But try to think 1' she persisted teasinglj. '.Tns't for once draw on vour imagination to arouse nie !' 'It would he an ugly picture,' ho said, after a moment's silonce, ' if 1 thought that you could deceive me. You would not merely destroy my faith in you, but ray belief in every thing — in all womankind, in truth — in God 1' ' Good gracious, Miles !' she ejaculated in I a rather shocked voice. ' Yes, he proceeded ; ' but what is the use of discussing the impossible 1 I sometimes — mind you, only sometimes — think that you do not care Very much for me, Haidee, and that if we liad known each other longer, I might have been able to put you to the proof, for there is no proof like time ; but time has been denied, to us, and, as it is, I trust you abso lutely and unreservedly. I would stake my life and honor on your word.' ' You will never have to do that,' replied Haidee, a little frightened at his vehemence. ' I do not make many professions or promises, but when 1 do, I keep them.' ii t vm, do T lrnow vou do : and that yon don't care for me as much not within a tenth part of what I do for you ; it is not your fault, it must be always so. Like the French proverb—1 ' II y a ton jours un qui baise,' ct ' un qui tend lajouc /' and, after all—' ' „ , . ? ' Miles, you are quite wroDg ! she inter rupted hastily; 'quite. You must not say that, nor think that because I am brusque and stiff, and perhaps ungracious, I,' becoming I very red and stopping, no coherent reason being forthcoming. ' Great patience I' ejaculated a little figure in the doorway, glancing at the couple on the hearthrug; ' so that is what you call dressing for dinner ! ? Connie is coming down ; Robert will be here in five minutes, and if you keep him waiting, a hungry bear will be a playful domestic animal in comparison ! It is well you have me to throw myself into the - breaCn. I'll give you just ten minutes — not a second longer,' pushing her sister out of the room as she spoke. (To be continued). 