Presbyterian Tea Meeting. [From our Woodburn Correspondent.] One of the most enjoyable gatherings ever held in Woodburn took place on Tuesday evening, 11th June, the occasion being the Tea and Public Meeting in celebration of the opening of the new Presbyterian Church. The tea was held in Lang's Hall, and the public meeting in the new Church. People from Broadwater, Coraki, Wyrallah, Codrington, and indeed from all parts of the river, were gathered to join in the festivities. Cheerfulness was everywhere visible; the cakes seemed lighter, the pastry crisper, the fruit more delicious, the tea more finely flavoured, by reason of the smiling, faces flitting about like ministering angels, supplying the varied wants of the numerous guests. Too much praise cannot be given to the caterer (Mrs. M. Gollan] for the splendid style in which the catering was done. Judging by the rapidity with which the miniature pyramids of good things disappeared her eftorts were fully appreciated. It is estimated that between 300 and 400 persons, children and adults, sat down to tea. After tea the old organ was submitted to auction and realized £11 10s., Mr. John Lang being the purchaser. An' adjournment was then mado to the Church, which soon became thronged with eager aud happy facos, seats having to bo placed up the aislos, whilo several thronged the porch and main stops loading to the building. Tho meeting commenced with singing tho 24th Psalm by the choir undor the loadorship of Mr. Van Upon. The Rov. J. S. Scott thou roso and ad dressed the audienco as follows : — Members aud adherents of tho Church, and visitors, I rise with extreme ploasuro to initiate tho proceedings of this mooting. It is two yoars last month since we had a f»athoring of a similar nature to this one, tho occasion then being my ordinotion and induction into this charge. During thoso two years we have riot beon idle ; wo felt that a new Church wois needed ; an appoal was made to the people, who respondod readily and nobly, so that the committoo woro enabled to employ the architect, Mr. Robinson, to prepare plans for the now edifice. Tenders were called, and Mr. Ashwood secured the contract, and - aftor a considerable amount of delay failed to complete it. Mossrs. Brown and Jolly thon undertook tho com pletion of the unfinished work, and now, assembled at this our opening gathering, we cau havo only ono opinion of their work. This is a beautiful building, and, as ever should be the case, the House of God was the noblest in the town. 'While God can be worshipped in a barn as well as in a Cathedral, yet such a building as this is more becoming as a place where God is to be worshipped ; its erection shows regard for God and Divine things. And now we havo this comfortable building ne jlect not the gathering of yourselves together, but come together Sabbath after Sabbath and worship with tho spirit ; thus shall you rise nearer to God, your hearts become nobler and purer, your lives truer and moro Christlike, and you be prepared for that more perfect worship in tho Eternal Tomple ? of the living God, where countless melodies ..swell into one porfect and glorious harmony. .Without further detaining you I will now , call on Mr. John Lang to make the pre sents, to the congregation on behalf of his i late wife. Mr, Lang, on rising said : Mr. Ohair ; man and dear friends, — I have both a sad and pleasant duty to perform this evening ; sad because of the sorrowful recollections ? it recalls, but pleasant because it is fulfilling the wishes of a dear departed one. The late Mrs. Monughan left my wife a legacy, which on account of legal delays was not availablo till after her death. She, how ever, left full instructions as to its disposal, and expressed the wish that a certain amount be donated to the Church for tho . purchase of organ and lamps, which ho now had great pleasure in presenting to the congregation. , The Rev. J. Scott then stated that the late Mrs. H. Lang requested when dying that Master Albert Lang should play, and Master Roy Lang should sing the first hymn after its presentation, viz., ' Shall we gather at the river,' which the children did with great sweetness. Mr. Scott further announced tho following gifts.— Cushion for desk of rostrum, a really beautiful piece of work, presented by Mesdames Dean and Loutit ; Hymn Book, presented by Mr. Jas. Colley; Carpet for rostrum, presented by Mrs. Scott. Mr. W. Gollan, by request, returned ™ -i ii. ? ? z ? ? d ? 1.1. . Kuo-uao uu uoiiuu ui tu-* cuu^ru^uuuii lur luw presents as follows : Rev. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, — I have been requested to return thanks on behalf of the congregation for the various valuable presents. It is a pity someone more able was not appointed, but as I had kuown the donors for so mnny years it was thought better for me to do it. I will first refer to the giver of the greatest and noblest gifts — one who is not amongst us to-night, but who has gone over that river of which her two sons have so sweetly sung. All who know her as I knew her from childhood to girlhood and from girl to womanhood, loved her, and she was worthy of the strongest love, highest , honour, and every good work. She it was who in the greatness of her heart presented the costly and valuable organ, and those chaste and beautiful lamps, thereby show ing her good wishes towards tho Churoh. During her illness she used to sit on her verandah and watch the progress of the building, and at her death left those splendid presents as memorial of her love. Were I to speak till morning it would be impossible for me to express the high .. esteem in which the late Mrs. Lang was held. Her gifts prove to us how dear to her was the House of God. With reference to. . the other donors, Mesdames Dean and ; Loutit, it shows their hearts were in the right place. I know the joy they took in making this tastafnl cushion. Mr. Onllfiv. the giver of the hymn book, has been more observant than I, for I never noticed tho cover being off the old book. Ho did and made this appropriate present. Mrs. Scott, ? the giver of the carpet, deserves praise, but if I praised her you would accuse mo cf ? ? ' lioking the blarney stone,' so I will just thank all the donors on behalf of the con- | gregation for the beautiful gifts, and hopo i we may all live long to enjoy them to- | gether. I The choir then sang the anthem 'Make a joyful noise ' (which they did). . The Rev. Mr. Inglissaid: — Mr. Chair man aud christian friends, — I stand hero to-night with mingled feelings. 1 was \- thinking while listening to those voices singing ' Shall we gather at the river ' of the voices speaking to us from within. The shadow of death is resting on these walls, interfering with the measure of our joys. All must feel sympathy with tho sorrowing ones and pleasure in thinking of the endeavours of the departed to ornament God's House. It affords me pleasure in being here to see the large and rospeotublo , audience; I rejoice at your prosperity — may it continue. I am pleased to see this beautiful Church ; it is a ort.dit to Wood burn. I recollect in your old Church I had to be vory careful going up the aisle lest I fell into a hole, but that is superseded by this new one. I was thinking this Church was like Joseph's cont'bf mnny 'colours. It romiudod me of a billinvd room I was onoo in, not for a wrong purpose, but to do tho landlord good, arid he took mo to. soo tliu billiard room which was linod liko tho Church. That was the first thought, Socond thoughts, liowovor, aro host, and I think, tho dosign of tho lining gives tho building a cheery appoaranoo, a vory nocos sary thing in a Church, which should bo attractive, not repolling. .This Churoh is liko tho Temple of Jorusaloui, it took a long timo to build ; yet all's well that otids well. I am pleased to see tho Wyrallah contingent joining in your rejoicings. Tho Churches here are widely different to those iu tho old country, but aro better suited to tho requirements of this land. Tho congregations of the old and now land too, aro different ; horo tho bonds botwoon the people and the Church aro not so strong. Thoro is a missing link (not Darwin's ape) of which I intend speaking. Thoro is the Link of Respectability. Nonchurch going is not in this laud reckonod antagon istic to rospoctubihty as it is in Scotland. I think it is a good thing to go to Church, but it is r,ot onough to go merely bocauso it is rospnctful. Traditionai. Link. Iu tho older land thoro is the roveronco for tho sturdy covenantors and bravo martyrs who shod their blood in dofonco of tho truth, and hnndod thoir blood bought privileges — traditional link not onough. Thero is tho Sensational Link. Some go to Church meroly for amusomont. That is the wrong idea ; the Church is not competing with tho theatre. Many go to Church to have their fanoy tickled with eloquent imagery. Tho first aim of preaching is not to amuso, but to instruct, benefit, aud ennoble. The Vital Link is Jesus Christ. : In coming to worship remember it is not a bargain between tho congregation and tho minister, but between tho congregation and God. | Let the link that binds you to tho Churoh bo living faith in a living Saviour. Come not to hear man, but God, a:ul thus coming you shall hear his voice and enjoy his presence. This is tho link that cannot bo brokon but that strengthens with advancing years. Mr. J. Lang, senior, on rising, said it was pleasing to him to see this large and representative gathering from different parts of the river. Now we have a new building it is right to support our minister properly. When we gave Mr. Scott a call we guaranteed him £200 per year and by strenuous efforts we have so far succeeded. The following is the statement for the past two years:— For the year 1887 our net income was £205 15s 10d, and for 1888 it was £227 9s 1d. I trust that now the new building is com- pleted the income will considerably increase. While speaking I think it only right to propose a vote of thanks to our collectors the Misses Gollan, Campbell, M'Innes, M'Pherson, and Mrs. M'Laren, and Messrs. Wyness, Baillie, and Dr. Connor. The choir then sang the anthem ' Sing unto the Lord.' The Rev. Mr. Borry said : Mr. Chairman and frionds, I congratulate you on your building ; it is tho most tastoful on tho Richmond River. My recollections of the old Churoh aro somowhat similar to Mr. Inglis'. Whilo rising from tho table at the last tea meeting I put my foot through a gap in the floor. God, the great architect of the Universe, has given to us the noblest of all buildings, dosigned for tho hiehest nurnose, the indwolling of the Holy Ghost. Each human heart should bo tho templo of God, where ho should be wor shipped in spirit and in truth- Seo to it that the white ants of sin do not defile that temple; look out for the gaps in your churoh life — union is necessary. As tho junction of hands in the circle is necessary to preserve tho continuity of electric current from the battery, so tho junction of hand and heart is necessary in tho Church for the mingling together and strengthening of tho spiritual life. Pleasant associations cluster around tho old Church; Simo of you doubtless were born there into the higher life. Thero are memories of God speaking with you when, as with tho disciples of old, your hearts burnod within you — loving hallowed memories. Cherish them, deepen their impressions by constant attendance iu this new building, till you moet in the larger building whose walls are jasper and whose gates aro pearl. The choir sang 'The earth is the Lord's,' which was very nicely reuderod. The Rev. T. Thorburn then rose and said : Mr. ooairtnan, laaies ana gentlemen, — I was eu joying myself splendidly till now. I see some of you know what it is to try and make a speech. I have vivid recollections of an oarly attempt, when I fancied I could speak. I had to second a motion, and after formally soconding it I was floored ; my thoughts had taken to themselves wings, and so it is yet. High thoughts and noble sentiments come to me when lying ou my back iu bed, but whon I stand up to express them thoy somehow get down into my boots. Sinco I have come to your district I have enjoyed myself. Viewing it from the top of .Nightcap Mountain, I have revelled in its beauty, its luxurious foliage, its rich meadows, its verdant hills, its fern-clad glens, its noble river meandering through tho waving fields make it at once a pleasant abode aud the oradle of a mighty nation. These temporal blessings are good, spiritual and intellectual blessings are better. You have done well ; let your motto be excelsior. You have a Churoh, but it is like a man without a wife, it looks lonely ; you want a manse to keep it compaay. You have housed your minister well for one day, house him well for the other six. The choir then rendered the anthem ' Praise ye the Lord.' Mr. J. Lang, the Treasurer of the Building Committee, then submitted the following report : — Total cost of building, including architects fees, advertising, &o.;, £454 7s ; moneys promised by subscription, and received, £378 18s 8d ; sale of old Church seats, organ, &o.;, £32 15s 9d ; net proceeds of tea meeting, £15 ; collections iu publio meeting, £9 15s ; making the total amountraisod aud promised £4369s5d; which loaves a debit balance of £17 17s 7d. The Rev. Mr. Burgess said : Mr. Chair man and Christian friends, — I would like to have Mr. Thorburn's bed and boots ; I would get the beautiful thoughts in bed and save them in the boots. You havo moved into a larger Chuich, aud now see that you fill it. The minister fills the pulpit and it is your duty to fill the pews. I intend briefly speaking to you on religion as bearing ou Australian national life. In dividuals, churches, and nations must have religions. Man is a religious animal, he must have something to worship ; he muBt have a creed. Dootrines and creeds are simply the expressions of ideas and opinions and all men have those, oither crude or refined. Some men are like the old woman who was always humming 'so the Jews old i-omething stood while something rolled between.' Thero is a hazy indefi nitenoss about their ideas ; thoy waut a definitenoss of idea and purpose. On the Hunjeci oi religion our opinions uro very similar, though our mode of expressing our opinions will differ. We admit tho necessity of giving a distinct place to religiou iu our national life, iu our indi vidual lifo. It must have a radical effect in1 our eli n motor nnd work, milking its prosouco folt in tho minutost action. Thus will tho influunoo pirmoato tho various stratus till tho whole nation shall bo bono fittod and onnoblad thereby. Mr. Johnson thori proposod a voto of tlianks to tho Building Committoo, which wns carriod by acclamation. Mr. Jns. M'Luron rospondod on bohalf of tho Building Committee. Mr. Isbostor proposod a voto of thanks to tho choir, ladios, and spoakors. ? Mr. Van Epon rospondod for tho choir. ;Tho choir tlion sang tho Doxology, and tho meeting closod with tho Bonodiotiou. 