THE WANDERER. IN EUROPE'S COLD QUARTERS. Br J. H. IN DENMARK'S CAPITAL. "His bones the AVhite ?<orth claims,' writes Tennyson on the Franklin memorial tomb in St Paul's Cathedral-a claim which is made also on the bodies of many would-be travellers daring the English Bummer season. For in other seasons the aforesaid North, then in its white state, has a cheerless name compared with the better titles attaching to other points of the compass. ShaKspeare ex pressed that much plainly enough when telling ofsomeone, left out is the cold in a love matter, as having "sailed into the North of my lady's opinion." TheNorth, however,similarly with the East, had its great day in times past It was fashionable in earlier ages, and will, doubtlessly, be BO again in years to come if we are to hold the faith that fashions do bat revolve like comets. For every one leaving London and voyaeing due north from the mouth of tbeThames there most be, taking the year round, at least a hundred who go instead direct eastward or southerly. This is forgetful, not to say unkind, of the English, as also of the Irish and the | Scotch. The debt of the British to the Norsemen is large indeed. We do reverence to their old gods in the very names of our week days, while the exploits ot their Prince of Denmark yet form the most popular of all ourdramae. This way of thinkingdonbtlessly operated upon one who expostulates with me strongly when learning that my mission at his end of the earth is that only of looking about me. " Not seen Stockholm !" says he. " Not seen the Venice of the North-the prettiest city in Europe ! 1 Go to you've seen nothing." The old "Go to!" seemed quite in place when thus used as bidding one go to some where. The injunction thus given was exciting enough, and more so was the tone in which it was uttered. A feeling of smallness-a sense of being sat upon-comes to those tbos addressed. That knowledge is power can be best nnderstood when thus power fully enforced by its possessor. It was so felt, and most Btrongly so, by Sterne, when bluffed by one who had been in France and vaunted thereof, and of how much better eome things were managed there. The good man has told ue of his feeling of inferiority arising from such ignorance as he was then forced to own. The world has learnt, in the most fascinating recount of travel ever written, bow Sterne proceeded at once to mend matters-to pack hiB portmanteau and go see things French for himself. I do, as an Australian abroad, but yield to the same feeling when now thinking of another start to see something of Europe in its cold quarters. For which journey the season offered most opportunely-the month being July. My monitor in this matter kindly added some thing more to his previous advice. This was as to what to see by the way. There was, in addition to Sweden and its Stock holm, Denmark and its Copenhagen, and Norway and its Christiania. " While you are in the Baltic and at Stockholm," he said, " you have but to cross to the Gulf of Fin land to be at Cronstadt, and within hail of St. Petersburg." The tour opened out in this way as we talked on it, and was like the unrolling of a map in that respect From St> Petersburg there was a run to Moscow to be taken, and from thence further onwards to Nijni Novgorod, and to the great fair there and to a sail upon the Volga. Though doing this much involved going some Beven hundred miles into Russia, the game seemed to be worth the candle. Moscow's name had a tempting sound to the traveller, especially to an Englishman desirous patrioti cally on behalf ol bis forefathers to thank the city for its Belf-s&crilicing; efforts and martyt-like doings in crushing the Coreican ogre- The Nijni Novgorod fair had a name among fairs great as Diana with the Ephe sians-and then the Volga, greatest of the rivers of Europe ! The Rhine had been something great to see, and greater still had been the Danube, bat these were bat second ary to this great river of Russia. To visit the Volga was as seeing St. Peter's among all cathedrals, Niagara among waterfalls, and Cheops' pyramid as the biggest of all the world's buildings. All which duly considered, there rang in one's ears (he deciding words of that awful woman who crushed ail hesitancy in movements Buch as I was boggling about "Stand not upon the order of your some, but goat once I" Her advice was, however, better than her example. That the woman who hesitates is ioBt may be true, but the un hesitating Lady Macbeth was certainly not saved by ber decision of character. There was no pressing need, perhaps, for my going, but then there Is no necessity for doing one fcalf of the UtingQ we do in life-the whole of them probably if it comes to that Oat fore I lathers hurried not as! we do. They took Jife more leisurely, and looked about them more, and weretue wiser fordoing so._ But " homekeeping folk have homely wits" says the fount of half of our wisdom, which should decide the matter ofatravelling for all of us. Homeliness of look is incurable, but that of the wit might perchance be mended if the Shnkspearian prescription were some times followed up. The North Sea, to which I have now taken for this journey, had an unplea santly cold and rough sound about it, as everything " North" generally has, even to an Australian north wind. Bat the North Sea, in my summer experience of it, furnished agreeable sailing, and much more so than crossing the Channel proved doubtlessly to those then hurrying south wards. I was never before on board ship with fifty passengers, and not among them a cnBe of mal <le m-r, nor seat ever vacant at the mess-table when the tinkling call thereto j was heard. On the third day out there was certainly a fog that kept the foghorn going J all the afternoon, and far into the small hours of the morning. But that was not peculiar to the North Sea. A fog once kept me outsideof New York harbour for two days and nights right on. Such fog troubles are not of the things to be forgotten. Anyone de prived of all sleep for two nights by the fog horn-ttie most dreadful of all discordance is never likely to forget it Unpleasant things are apt to be dismissed from the memory, but foghorn experience will stick like a burr. And such a fashionable list of passengers too. All of the Upper Ten did not evidently make their summer outing to Switzerland or Italy. Among our fifty were at least twenty with titles-good titles, too, and not of the j coffee-houBe count and marquis sort to be met with upon the Continent It would seem that Italv and Switzerland are left to the Cook's tourist class by many desiring quietude and novelty with change of air and scene. Our titled oneBpro ve to be mostly gentle ones also, and very desirable shipmates for such reaBon. For one of them we all feel sympathy. To be a duke's daughter, and to have youth, beauty, and fortune, is a very j enviable position, but terribly counter-; balanced when total deafness iB also thrown in-a deafness necessitating finger-talking and slate-writing with the afflicted one. It was fortunate to find in the ship'B little library a copy of Burke's peerage as an aid to the better knowledge of many of one's pre- j sent shipmates. y 1 The fog clears off as we leave the North Sea for the water between Denmark and j Norway called by the outlandish name of "Skager Back" and turn into that of the similarly christened " Kattegat" We now | Bail down the inner side of Denmark to that Zealand which is as its Ireland in possession and position. It is here and not on the mainland that the Danish capital is situated, j On the nearest point of Zealand stands that Etainore and its castle which, thanks to j Shakspeare, are so well known to all the world, or, at leaBt. to all the European part of it As they havs Hamlet's castle here and that of bis father, the Elsinorians have wisely added Hamlet's grave to the attractions of their quarter of the world such being done as a "side show," to use theatrical language. Those who undervalue literature as a pro fession should travel, and see what the writers of fiction have done for the fortune of many parts of the world. Cities, townB, and villages are supported solely by the fame given to them by writers of imacination. Elsinore is of this order. Nine-tenths of those who go the thirty-eight miles from the capital to visit this place do so for the like reason that they visit the grave of Romeo's Juliet at Verona. It doesn't matter that Juliet is not buried where her tomb is shown, and that Hamlet never lay in the grave shown at Elsinore'a suburb of Marien lyst Life ie full of deceptions-we are de ceived from the cradle to the coffin alike by our senses and education, our friends, our hopes, our aims and ambitions. Why, j therefore, should 1 not go to see Hamlet's castle and the " Ghost's Walk" there? The little grave is fenced around and shaded well with nice trees. The monument which has been placed upon it is but the common one of a broken column. But even that is all to the good, and I may say to the Elsi norians " for this regard much thanks" using their Hamlet's language slightly tra vestied. Quite noticeable was the number of ships, barques, brigs, and steam vessels with which these northern waters were crowded, Bound ing the Skawe, as the northermost point of Denmark is named, I could count uo less than fifty vessels visible at one time. They were as numerous all the way down to Copenhagen, which we now reach. The bay here looked quite lively at night with the shining lights of the shipping at anchor, and those of the many fine coasting steamers coming in and outgoing. Business seemed brisket than one had anticipated in thiB part of the world-out-of-the-way part of the world as one is apt to think of it We were in goodly company indeed, at Copenhagen, having the royal yacht Osborne, with the Princess of Wales and her family, lying alongside us. Also the Czar's yacht, with the Empress of Russia and her children on board. Both ladies are dutifully on a visit to that moBt favoured of men and kings -their father, as also to their equally for tunate mother. Kiug Christian the Ninth of Denmark and his Queen, Louise, are to be congratulated indeed, both for themselves and their family. To have the Empress of Russia, a probable Queen of Engtaud and Empress of India, and a King of Greece among their children, is something for poor people to .be proud of-and as poor people they once considered themselves, and would be so considered yet by any modern mil lionaire. That these Empresses in cuec and pome were their own milliners and dress makers up to the times of their marriages tells the story pretty plainly, The Prince of Wales is not here with his family to see his mother-in-law, but the Czar has been more dutiful in that way. There may be other reasons helping to that end. The autocrat of all the Russiaa feels safe when here in Copenhagen, and can sleep more sonndly and safely than when in his own Petersburg or Moscow. He walks about in Denmark as unconcernedly as if there were no such things as dynamite and Nihilists in the world. He is accompanied by his brother in-law when 1 see him-not the Kiug ot Greece, but another one ot the fortunate family who married the daughter of the King of Sweden and Norway. In this quiet northern corner of Europe both peace and plenty seem to reign-peace with the king and plenty with the people, for never a beggar did I meet with in Denmark, and such if) the notable obser vation of those who were with me. To go through Copenhagen day after day, from end to end, and be nowhere asked for charity, or see a beggar's hand outstretched, wbb won derful for a European city-it would have been more wonderful for Asiatic and African cities. Denmark being, with Zealand, all fiat lying country, Copenhagen's position la of the like character, and it does not therefore [appear to advantage from the ship's side. As; a city of two hundred and fifty thousand it makes a very good show, however, when tally explored. It reminds one of the Lon don oi some half century Ago. Its roads and side-walks are laid down with the oblong granite " pitchers " common in the English capital at that time-the rough stones over which the old hackney coaches rambled. What there is of flagging on the side-walk is bat of fifteen inches in width, so that those keening to these smooth etonee must walk solus and in Indian file fashion, or risk their corns on the rough cobble-stones on either side. The grey skies, the shaven faces, the red bricks, and the olden fashion of the buildings, forcibly recall the London of one's youth ; but the illusion is soon dispelled in the quietness of the city, and absence of all bustle, hurry-scurry, and (seemingly) of busi ness. A slow- going place indeed, to A Mel bournian, seems Kjobenhavn, as the name is here spelled. In the eqaaree, or "nytorgs " as they are called, in the "torveB," or markets, and in the intersections, or "plads," of many of the "gades,"or streets, are to be seen those bronze statues of equestrian fashion ia which our grandfathers and great grandfathers delighted. Of bygone days tolks were fond oi mounting their idols on horseback. The city has-to one's great sur prise-no river, the place of such being sup plied by a canal and a piece of what is termed artificial water. I expected to see double sashes to the windows here, as in Vienna, but it is not apparent The city has advanced, however, as far as tramways, the carriages of which are two-storied, with the upper seating well protected from the wet ana wind. Omnibuses are also about, but no cabs. The place of these is taken by the i four-wheeled carriage, drawn by one horse, ! and Beating four peraonB-the kind of j conveyance Been throughout Continental Kurone. Copenhagen is a very clean city, witn streets of good width, and wetl-kept-not at all likely in appearance again to lose five thou sand by the cholera aa it did in 1853. Its cathedral reminds one, in outer form, of the baptistries of Pisa and Florence. As the pro cess of restoration was going on the interior could not be seen. The religion of Denmark is almost wholly Lutheran-those of other creeds not counting for anything in propor tion. The churches are epeciully plain in the interiors. That of the Holy Trinity is to be noted for its round tower, built for ob servatory purposes. This tower serves now the like sight-seeing purpose of the Cam panile in St. Mark's square at Venice. It is something of the same majestic size and height, and commands a similar survey of the city. Like that also, it is ascended in the interior by a winding road in place of stairs, and up the inclined plane a four-in hand has been aforetime driven to the summit Such performance is allowed, how ever, only to kings and princes. Nothing appears as new in Copenhagen, nor does anything appear to be done in a hurfy. A palace burned, as to the interior, some years ago, remains unrestored. The towers and domes of most of the buildings are copper covered, and glow greenly in their now much verdigrised condition. One tower wholly so covered is surmounted by a gignntic crown of the circumference of that which it covers. In this manner it resembles an im mense field marshal's staff slack on end and coloured green. Another building-the tine one of the Exchange-has a spire to it re presented by the twisted tails of four dol phins or dragons,which are standing on their heads for such architectural purpose, and also for denoting the points of the compass. That I am in a city of the German family of nations is as plain to me as when in Antwerp or in any of the cities of the Nether lands-the language is so much alike. " Ein gang," for en trance, is in Danish " Indgang," and " AusganR," for outgoing, is here " Ud gang." A German bookseller baa '* Buch handlung" written over his door, and a Danish one writes up " Boahandelling." In like way "Buchbinder" appears over the German bookbinder's shop, and " Bogbinder" over that of the Danish one. The word "gift," which meanB "poisoned" in the one lan guage, meanB, however, "married" in the other. I see a book in a Danish shop having the strange title of, "Gift or Dog Lykkelog. I get thiB translated to me as, " Married, and Yet Happy." To be "dog lykkelog" is there fore to be quite happy in the Danish under standing of that condition. The language of Denmark and Norway is the same, but the Norwegians, in an independent spirit, desire that their tongue should be known as "Norsk," or as a refinement of the language of that name common to Iceland. This is as if Americans were to go on refining the English tongue until tbey adopt another name for their language. Very simple are the devices upon the Danish coinage. The money of Denmark consists of the "krone," valued at one shil ling and fourpence, or three to the dollar, and "ore," which might be called the centimes, as a hundred of these little copper bite go to the silver krone. In silver there are half and quarter krone* and nickel ten ore pieces. These coins show on one side a crown with the initial of the King (C.) below it. On the other side appears marked the value of the coin surrounded by a cornstalk and a fish, emblematical of the industries of the Danish nation. This coinage is interchange able with the like currency of Norway and Sweden, the difference being only in the character of the figures on the coins, and not in their values. It I wanted any farther evidence of the Danes being of the great German family I should eee it in (.heir beer juga and the con teats of same; aUo in their amusemeute. The theatres axe closed, as they generally are in moat cities oat of Great Britain and America and the English-speaking colonies. Bat the "gardens" are open, as they always are in German towns or any towns of Germau characteristics. _ The "Tivoli" ot Copen hagen is great in this way, and represents now what Ranelnuh might have been to our grandfathers, Vaoxhall to our fathers, and Cremorne in the days of our youth. The Copenhageners are proud of their Tivoli, und bid visitors not to leave it unseen. Of nights the traditional five thousand lamps of Vaux* hall really appear to be all alight here, and make the seme quite brilliant io the good way that illumination has to that end. The popularity ot these Continental gardens, as distinguished from those of London, is seen in the unmixed character of the visitors. The Copenhagen resident brings bis wHe and daughters here, and there are nothing and nobody that be need be ashamed of their seeing. Copenhagen is strong in museums. They are well-lighted and cheerful-looking, with none of the depressing character of the dull, cold, stony-locking rooms of the British Museum, I thought that museums and picture naileries would be. unattractive to me for long time to come, bat the " Ethnographic Museum" here de tains one lor a whole morning, during which time only it is open to the general public. There is something attractive here io the manner in which the ways of life of the Ice lander, Laplander, and Greenlauder are Ulua (rated. The men, their wives and families, are all shown of life-size, with their housea and huts, aa they would appear in their own countries. I now Bee bow these Polar people manage to keep life in them during their sharply-frozen ten months of the year The love of country most evidently & stronger with them than with thoBe who flee from the comparatively genial British winter. The "Museum of Antiquities" rightly confines itself to those of Northern Eurone in which way it is a wonderful collection! The ground floor show of thie museum de mands a day of study aa illustrative of the antiquity of man and his pre-historic cha racter and ways of life, "Saxons, Normana and Danes are we," sings Tennyson, addreas ing the British people. The much mixed man thus described may here, in room after room and floor after floor, see as I do all the story of how he gradually developed to his present state. Here are the evidences of his ancestor's tuwles for bare life in the "pre. historic age," the bronze age, the iron age, and all the other ages. The hard straggle it must have been is pretty evident to the most superficial observer. The more intent student will depart thankful of heart that Providence nas landed him on the earth in that lacquered, plated, or gilded age which our present civilisation may be said to present. This, in its turn, will have a floor here to represent it and all its characteristics to future ages, who will feel the pity for us that we do for these earlier progenitors of ours. That people ever lived with the curious present characteristics of some of ns will then be deemed as wonderful aB anything looked npon here. But the glory of Denmark Bnd the great grace of its Copenhagen iB Thorwaldsen and his works. What Goethe is to Germany and Dante and Michael Angela to Italy, is Bertel Thorwaldsen in the estimation of the Danes. Centrally placed in the capital, Bnd adjoin, ing to the palace, I see, without wonder, the "Thorwaldsen Museum." The contents occupy one half a day, to take even a car* sory glance at them. It is quite wonderful what an immense amount of work the Titans cf art and literature could accomplish, Thorwaldsen explains Michael Angelo, who, it is supposed by some, could not not have done a third of the work, or a tenth, of what is attributed to him. Tne eame with Alexander Dumas, whose literary labour ia looked upon as equally mythical when the quantity ot it >8 regarded. If Thorwaldsen did all the sculpturing ot which the models and copies are in this musenm, then one may understand the labours of Michael Angela and Lope de Vega, as also gain some help to believing in the labours of Hercules. He was a phenomenal man altogether, this Icelandic ship carpenter's son, claimed to bave been born here in 1770. Like that inn. keeper's boy, Lawrence, the Royal Aca demician, little Bertel-throughout life all uneducated-early showed in drawings the artistic direction of bis talent He was sent by a subscription raised here to Rome, and there started as a sculptor. An Englishman Hope, of Deepdene-was first to recognise his talent and patronise hie work when patronage waB most needed. He kept away from Copen hagen aa long as Shakepearedid from Strat ford, returning to his native place for final settlement there six grears before his death. He died (unmarried) in 1644, of an apoplectic tit which seized him while in the theatre. The King, the Royal family, and all the Court attended his funeral. But, as Longfellow says of Albert Durer, "the artist never dies," and here, in the large collection which bis native city has made of bis works, Thorwaldsen lives again, and will live on. In the cathedral here thfl ornamentations are exclusively of bis design. On either side of the aisle stand six of his colossal statues of the apostles, while for an altar-piece is the great figure of Christ, so well known as of hiB best work. The font represents a kneeling angel offering water ia a sea-shell, many copies of which are to be seen in other churchee about the world. The bas-reliefs in this chnrch, representing Scrip tural subjects, are likewise of Thorwaldsen'a work. In the Museum are over three hun dred of the most prominent efforts of his chisel, with most of which the visitor will have become-in copies-acquainted else where. The Museum iB in that way like London's National Gallery in lYafalgar square, most of the paintings in which seem to have been reproduced in well-known en gravings. Thorwaldsen largely endowed thie museum of his works in a bequest of twelve thousand pounds to its trustees for the purchase of works ot art by Danish artists. Also in the collection of bronzes, pictures, coins, and other curios made by him while in Rome. His sittingroom furniture is here also, and an unfinished figure of Martin Luther, on which be was engaged at the time of his deaths Mention of bis death recalls that his tomb ia centrally placed here, and he thus rests surrounded by the work ot ail hands while alive-the worker fallen among his unfinished labours. In fresco on the exterior wall of this museum are life-size re presentations of the principal events of tne great artist's life. Exposed to wind and weather as they are, it is not likely that they will last long, and the wish arises that tuey bad been placed upon the inner wall oi tne musenm. Of the three hundred and om specimens of his work more than one hundred are reproduced in marble-the res* in plaster, , But the time has come for departing «oni Copenhagen for a voyage further northwards. As in coming bo in going, the 0" vessels about the bay ia particularly observ able. We are kindly invited to visit * Osborne any afternoon of the time os: on stay. Also to meet the officere of that veBsei in a friendly game of cricket-if our taste lies that way. We avail ourselves of offer, but the like favour to us is not ex tended by the Czar's yacht. It is, Per,iaP?' ht well, us difficulties about the language mign® have made all communication of ideas troublesome matter. We have gained b an hoar a day, or _ nearly that cm i measured by clock time, in our da>8 , voyaging since leaving London. It is s . factory thus to be stealing a inftrc^,fn£r|f the enemy, Bnd leaving Chronos pant g in the rear of our fast-going vessel. COLONEL Conr, "Buffalo Bill." bos nsadfl arrangements for tbe transportation of tbe Wild West" to Paris. He has chartered the Fenian Monarch, of tbe Monarch fine, to take it aa tar &s; Havre The "Wild Weat" will embrace 245 people and 252 bead of cattle, Tbe people include tbe cowboys !aay riders, sbooten, Mexicans, Indians, ana attendants. It will remain to Paris till toe Exhibition closaa, and then pay brief vain to Vienna and Berlin. .MADAMS Saiuh BERNHARDT baa probably gi tea taoee fashion* to tbe world than any woman of her generation. Witbin tbeteat 10 yean she baa introduced we Mousjaetaire elovft the Fedora front, tbe DirecUnre the fnr boa, tbe Toaca scarf and tbe Toaoa bat, jewelled bairpioa d ia Theodora, and * eraae forviolett 