TWO BROTHERS. BV HELEN MATHERS. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDA.] It may have lasted hours or minutes, but he was wakened by a push, decided but not rough, and he woke with a start, to see a big man standing over him, and to hear on all sides the cheerful clamour and ringing sounds of axe and saw at work among the wood. " What do you do here?" said the man gruffly ; " do you know you're trespassing ?" He waa a hard man, and he hated children, because he had passionately desired one all his life, but God had denied him. "I want work," said Daddy, looking straight up into the man's face. " Ho ! ho !" laughed the man grimly ; "and pray what can you do ?" Daddy glanced quickly around. Men were sawing, men were swinging great axes above their heads, bringing them down with a splitting sound on some fallen monarch of the woods, and in one part of the yard boys of from ten to eighteen were binding together splinters and logs of wood, making them into large bundles, that they presently hoisted on their heads and struggled away with through the gate. "I can carry wood," said Daddy, boldly. The man looked at the boy's clothes, at his hands, at his pinched face, and read its story. " He is playing truant," he thought, " but I can keep him out of mischief here, and he is starving,' Aloud he said. "I will give you threepence a day for carrying twelve bundles of wood ; the boys will show you where to take them. When you have carried six come to me ; I will pay you half your wage, and you can go to dinner." Then that man, soured dullard as he was, got an experience that astonished him, for, with a sob of joy, Daddy seized his coarse hand, kissed it passionately, then broke away to his work. " He must have run away from home, and desires to rough it for a blt," he thought, as he turned away with an odd mist passing before his eyes. Daddy was awkward at first, and the other boys, resenting his clothes, were spiteful, and hindered him in every possible way, bustling him and scattering the pieces of wood as fast as his unaccustomed fingers, fastened them together. And the thought of Waddie crying alone and deserted in the miserable room almost took his feeble strength from him, so that it was long before he got his first bundle on his back and followed some of the others to his destination - a kind of market-place where the poorer people around bought their fuel. To his joy he found that the place was close to the alley where he lived, and coming back, he slipped from the others, ran to the window, and peered in. Waddie waa kneeling up in bed, his face hidden by his falling curls and the hands he held up before it, his little day shirt slipping off his rounded shoulders and limbs while his body was shaken by sobs. " Mover I muter I muter I" he was crying over and over again, like a hungry Uttie ttrd oalling incessantly in his lonely nest, "Me j want oo, mover ; Daddy's dorn away and left ' j poor Wadsie all by his lone mit I" Daddy heard him distinctly and tapped hard at the window pane. "Waddie !" he cried. "Waddie ! come here !" Waddie heard, and lost not a moment, tumbling over himself in his haste to reach his lost darling, Daddy. "Me tort you had runceded away too," he said, scrambling np into the high ohair. " Ob I Daddy, me ls welly cold, and wolly hnngedy !" "listen, Waddle," said Daddy very olearly, " you are going to have something to eat soon, and something to drink, and now you must take your toys into bed with you, and pull the clothes all rouhdryoú, sod-rand I'll be as qniok as ever I can, Waddie." And then Daddy aped away for hie life, not daring to look back at the cherub fane that seemed to hare grown thin daring ooe Sabbath day aod night of fasting. By twelve o'olook Laddy had carried bot five faggots, and he went on with his work when all the rest trooped away to dinner. The master had watched bim at Intervale, and now oame np. " Why don't yon go to your dinner f he said, Daddy «book his bead. He could work, but he could not beg, " Here," said the man roughly, "take half your wage now, and do your seven faggots after you hove oaten," and he put three half- pence in the boy'« hand. " Qod Hen you I" said Daddy with quiver- ing Ups ; then with all the weary aching gone from his baot, he flew to a small bakers ehop that he had passed a few minutes before. The smell of the warm bread turned him faint for the moment, but he asked for a pennyworth of bread, then enquired of the woman where he could buy milk. She looked hard at the white boyish fara, at the half-penny clutched like golden treasure in his little hand, and then said. " May be Fve a drop to spare. How muon d'ye want 7" He held out the half-penny. She took it and went away, returning presently with a tin pannikin holding close on a pint of milk, " Drink aome of it," she said. Be shook his bead-Wad dele mut have some first. He thanked the woman very ewoatry, quite ignorant of how aha had befriended him, and hastened away. " Bring baok the pannikin," ehe called after bim, and he promised, then ipefl on with feet that joy had winged. Waddie «aw him oomtng from a distanoe, and danced up and down in his shoeless feet ; he tried to puah the window open, but the wedge of wood hindered him, and he beat with little angry hands upon the {awes. But, Ob ! the joy with which Daddy handed the food io, and presently fed html Ecstasy were too poor a word to express the swelling joy that rose higher and higher in bim as contentment gradually overspread Waddie's face, which grew round again before his very eyes I Then he, too, ate and drank, and together they kneeled' down, and laid the Lord's Prayer, for neither had remembered his prayers that morning. Then Waddi«"» brief golden time was over, for Daddy roust return to his work, but with a sustaining reference to a Bath bun, that partly oonsoled Waddie in the time that elapsed before Daddy's return. And thus, with slight variations, had passed the seven days that had elapsed sin oe tbe woman, whose very name the boys did not know, had deserted them. Daddy's master seemed to have coneenned himself no more about the boy, but long ego he had quietly tracked him nome, end had also looked in at the window while he was away. Seeing a child eating sweets and appsrently weU-osred for In the window, and a womans olothes lying on tho bsd, he had come to tbe natural oonsluaioB that their mother came home at night, and' that Daddy had elected to do a little work on his own aocount duriog the day. He was not a curions maa, and made it a rule never to inquire about people whose circumstances require relitf, but hs eaw that though the pinohed look on the boy's face was gone, it grew paler and thinner every day. And on that seventh day, the point at whloh I began this story, Wadsie s loving eyes seemed to find something amiss in him too, and he stole oat of bed, and pottered up to his side. "Dus 'oo back aohe, Dadeie?" he mid, rubbing it vigorously with his little hand. . "Bevor mina) to-morrows Bundey, end' .yov.11 «top at 'oms aa' 'ave a 'oliday I" Ssnday-yee-In whloh he could earn no rnoBsy ; ana he had only contrived to «ave ons {tanny .staring the. oat. lix days af work, wMohhehad lall cenVfetbVtetjM now ta the cupboard. And h* felt Ul and «trüge, erith nobes, in his esr«, and wbLrpering rolces that ware nowhere near lum. He most rouse himself, and he lifted Waddle, and arriad him back to bed, thinking regretfully of that luxury of «weeta in which he had indulged the little fellow. Then he undressed bim, they said their prayers ? together, and, warm and happy, Waddie fell asleep in bis arms, while, .too weary to undress, Daddy'drew the counter- pane about him and slept also. Close upon midnight, a step that lagged and faltered, sometimes pausing altogether, came down the alley, and halted at last by the oater door of the bey's miserable home. There waa the alow aoood of a key turning io the look, and a woman «tumbled over the threshold, groping her way through the email passage to a door, outside whioh she sank ' down on ber knees, ahnddering and shivering 1 in every limb. The ague-fit past abe bent her ear to the I key-hole and listened, but not a sound, not a breath or aigh, oame from within. i She had expected .thia' awful silenoe, this I everlasting stillness ; it had moved with her I all through the noby, beating heart of the i great oity. Bot the reality was something ( more awful still ; it took substance and i weighed her down like lead, with a pbyeloal agony that left her hand powerless to unlock i the door, and see what wa« within. , " I locked them in," she said in a strained, f harsh whisper, "without food, without j firing-two helpless children-and not a soul ] within earshot if they shrieked themsslvee \ mad . . . and 1 meant to come baok . | . . I'd got my wage, but I must go and looa: at Atm and «er ... I must see their ( pale faces-see some of the agony on Ms that , he wrote on mine-and I waited a long while, ¡ but they came at last . . . haggard and weary they came baok to their hotel, weary | with following up false oluea ... for j not all the father's and mother'« love tn the world, not all the detective« In London had | been able to trace them hm. OI my God, my God I Why did I do itt-what have I done?" She writhed to and fro, with contorted arms twisted in the heavy hair that had fallen over her, biting the duet outside that portal whioh ahe waa afraid to enter. j " I waa mad to «teal them," ahe went on in that unnatural voloe, "mad! He cut me ! adrift like a dog when he married, though I 1 was good enough to be held in hi« erma the 1 day before he swore faithfulness to another 1 woman ... if only he'd told me-if he'd 1 stood np like a man and told me the truth ¡ earlier I might have forgiven him , . . ' but the man who doesn't begin his married 1 life with a o'ean elate deaervee all he get» . 1 . . only it isn't his children's fault ... I and be's alive and they ere-dead 1" The 1 last word ended almost in a shriek ; a panic I cf unreasoning fear seised her, she drew back 1 from the door, atralning her eyes in the dark- ness upon lt. " I can't go in !" she cried, half orated with ' horror. " 1 can't ase thees little wasted, cold ? bodies. If they'd only. sent me to gaol I < could have got help for them ; but the cursed 1 drink-" ehe paused and put up har hand to tba thick bandage bonna round ber head. " It never served me «ooh a triok before, bat < It'e ill work measuring cups With the Devil, J and when that van struak me down- > Jähe paused again as one who tries to ¿remember. "But to-night-yes, to-night I > Sot my wits hack, and when they were all 1 own stairs I pat on my olothes ana stole out, < They were toughing BO loud they never heard me. They were good people, they never tommed what waa left of my wage. But I didn't buy any food for the children aa I oame along. It'a too late." For awhile abe rooked herself to end fro ; bat the outburst had relieved the dissied j brain and gradually some of her usual hard ' courage began to return. " I must go In," sha said, steadily, " I witt ? go in," and she took a ksy from her pooket, and erith a firm hand unlocked the door, and orosstng the threshold, stood almost without breathing Inside lt- * ! A young April moon suffused the room with, i a aoft radlanoe that Indistinctly revealed the outlines of the two lads, sad showed to her staring eyes a little heap beneath a coverlid that lay no more «Heat and «Urless than ahe ! had expected. 81owIy, step by atep, abo advanced into the room ; in the middle of ft ahe halted, trembling oonvulaively, and sunk as one suddenly smitten to the ground, then on ber hands and knees crawled to the bed, i end with one supreme effort dragged herself I op by lt, and plucked the covering from the < oruldren'o faoee. I " O God I they erare warm 1" She felt that living warmth before abe had touched them ; i astonished, wide-eyed, an ecstasy of- joy I lifting har above earth, ehe stretohed a band and felt Waddie'a baby cheek; , then withe g wild .cry upon, her M «ker, fell book a sense- less heap upon the ground. Waddle, awakened by that oold touoh, and having «lept a great deal that day, did not relapse toto slumber, but lay quite «till, with '< wide opened eyea fixed on the celling. < Daddy'« arma were no longer round him ; they had slipped away,, and he' slept heavily, so heavily that he did not feel the soft kiss. I Waddle presently dropped on bia oold. cheek, i nor yet the toft breath that hovered. lovingly < about him. < In that dim light Waddle could ase bia brother quite plainly, and something in his I face touched -bim, and caused an unknown i trouble tu bis baby heart ; tears gathered in i his blue eyes and fill on the pillow. I "Me ima' Mover wonld oomel" he ssid i aloud : " aha soon kiss Daddy, and maka bim i welir i Aa If in answer to him, a low moan brake, i on his ear-not from Daddy-for he lay still. ; as before, and Waddle eat np in bei, his heart beating violently, and listened with all ' hi» might ' Hi« mind had never been tortured by ideas i cf ghosts, and he felt no fear, only wondered . what it was,' for be could sos nothing. He heard the eeund again aa of someone fighting for breath ; then he pushed ' the i clothes back softly for fear of awaking Daddy, and rolled bia .chubby Umba to tba bottom of i the bed, alighting on the floor erith e big bump. He knew to a moment who it waa laying there and aaw the white bandage half bidden by the streaming-thick hair ; understood, too, : in some tender, childish way the agony that ; wa*, in the woman'« soul, and which racked ber body, and kneeling down beside her, ha pat his little , hand on that miserable head, W^Po6r ooman I. Has 'oe hatted 'ooself, and so 'oo couldn't tum back f" The woman raised herself, looking wildly st the Innocent, anxious little face so near her ' own, then with s low cry she snatched him in her arm«, oovering his feet, his limb«, his 'hair, with Muss. Waddle made no objeotion ; he forgot thoae weary night» and day« of cold and hunger-for a child cf three beare no mattoe and hie memory is divinely ehort-and presently of his, own aooord he kissed ber. She wrapped the skirt of her dress warmly about him, as they held a conversation in which the simple, monotonous life of the boys during the hst seven days waa told. "God batu Daddy!" she said ono* with trembling Mps. " Dawe: blass dear Daddy I" eoboed the child. "Us thort oo' very wicked," said Waddi*, in conclusion, shaking his bright head. " Us didn't know a natty old 'one had ru need, over 'oo I Did it hurt 'oo welly mnehr* He fell asleep soon after that, and all through the, night, and the olear strengthen- ing dawn that «nowed all the loveliness of the little face on her breast she sat there motion] Isas, while one by one the devils that had posseeaed her amwly and grudgingly left her «oui. ; It was a human being, with a possible . foturecf Todemrjtknv ana net a fiend whose every earthly and heavenly hope had been long cast out who nee at last, and laying the ohlld in ber own bed, drew near and looked at the bey who** courage and patience had *»vsd ber from the taima Äan^ He ?till dept, but «iib the dui lethargy of exhaustion rather than the light peaceful alumber of childhood. Dark blue shadows lay under bis eyes, bis festeres bad that worn and pinched look that is sees in half-starred getter children, the band» lying outside the coverlet were scratch ed and torn, and in some ; places bleeding, and the Bullering of years, not days, was stamped on the fair looks that stiB retained their natural expression of goodness and troth. The worrtanä breath caught ia a bard dry sots. She half-stretched ber hand to his head, then drew it back-abe waa not worthy. Through her brain there flitted two half forgotten lines t " And shine»upon Ike »till face mthe bed: Te»! it ie morning nowt' " Oh I no," ahe cried aloud in her agony, I "not that-not that I O God, say that I am not too late." The ery disturbed Daddy ; he mered restlessly. " Mother 1" he mid. " Mother 1" The woman stooped over him, and lightly, reverently, covered np those disfigured hands ; then abe knelt down beside him, and for the first time since ehe had lost her innooenoe, wrestled with God in prayer for that one little life, pouring ont her soul like water in her great desire. Balm and bealing came to her there. It waa a humble and repentant woman who rose st last, and, removing the bandages that hid the oreel wound in her head, bound up ber hair, cleansed her face, and stood at lait, a haggard, beautiful wreck, whose will, at least, would furnish strength for the work that she had that morning to do. For a moment abe paused by Waddle's dds, and her lips moved j but it was at Daddy she gazed longest, when on going ont of the door, she looked back. The sun shone down on the pallid boy, and threw ita motes on Waddie's golden oorla. Slowly she moved away-they were safe now -each step that took her farther away, was bringing .nearer to them-" Mover. " Tax i£ni>. 