DIANA. She wes as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sa'low. The liist Diana was not more pro* portioned than was this one. A combination | of masculine strength and feminine beauty —not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. ller dies, was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a man's black coat protected her shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff bid i the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and llery and scornful as the scoinful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode bis back. Au imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, uptlinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana ; the horse’s name was “ Satan.' Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was | a ccitainty that no other living thing loved ; either of them. Diana pulled therein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a cbony-statued Centaur. Before them the sun was setting—sinking, sliding down n little and a little into the futhermost edge of the plain. So sti i); and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wail of the Sierras reach :d up to the clouds. Tulare Luke glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed struck by soms sudden transforming ' force of nature, and each single drop of wat'er changed to, diamond. r The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly i to the ground ;■ if'took off its. slouched Lhat, its four eyes looked straight into the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur ns those of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all othersignof animated existenccon the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow ; the glory in the west aud the gray in the east touched edgis at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered aud toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of tbe sky slipped down to the earth and spread over tbe hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to tbe feet of the Centaur, aud over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out tho glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of tbe virtue that has chastened itself in' tbe smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak—the only tree for miles around—stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen. He wa3 sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as be watched the process of transformation in the woman’s face, its spirit leaped into bis own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, Was it the reflection of tha sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she bear ? She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. i’ce man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direc A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his cars as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of •* Housu.” “ See, Hill, will ve. looks like he was walk in’ home in the sbadder of his colliti, and Shep sneaks along like he’d been a-stenlin’ The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone aud softer voice than tbe other; “ Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldu’t won der if he’d seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he’s seen her.” “Ha'nt be dogoned ; I’d like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha’ntin’ me. “ Stop—he'll bear you.” The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the hack door to stop the talk of the “ Well, I'll be gollcd ; if I was as thin skinned about other people’s feelin's as some people, I’d ge-. me a patent outside,” mut tered Brassy. Tbe cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile in the yard, took out his pooketknifs and com menced whittling. Shore sign,” growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; “alluz whittles when he’s got ’em. Burn my coat if I ain’t sometimes thankful for bein’ cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an’ tenies, an’ them line-haired feel in’s helps a fellow out of lots of cookin’. Who coaid ax a chap that looks like lie was goin’ to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine so close to bis eyelids to bile inurpliys? Say, Bill, what makes yon so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?” Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. “Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready ?” ‘•No, bnt I’ve got her on a-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely hare re jected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. “ Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected that grub hez to be cooked, an! nary one of which everforgitstofeel the symptoms of approach in’ meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub’s in the middle, therefore splicin’ two and two, and makin’ it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those liggtr in’that grub is the syntax of life, an’the result of the calkerlation is Brassy liez to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If lie had not anyone else to talk to he talked to kimielf. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who bad been rcchristened thus by by Brassy because of bis slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when be should have said noth ing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong p ace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tnat terri tory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesoanness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the ow), and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their after-supper smoke. Tne mysterious calm of the brcezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed bend, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove- wood, and Dainty’ held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from bis mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat.' ~ “ Bill,” said he, “ybuoughtto smoke; it’d be a mighty comfort to you, an’ save a heap o’ good stove-wood.” Bill’s only notice of the1 remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; bnt do warning glance ever could catch Brassy’s understand ing.. He always maintained it was against his principles to take hints. •• Yes, smokin’ is tbe most continuous com fortin’amusement I know of; nothin’ like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it’s puttin’ good sperries in n man; an’ stove wood in this country is mighty bard to get. Yes, Bill, yon ought to take to smokin'. It’s palaces, an’ diamonds, an’ ’llabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they’re his while they’re goin’. If you’re hungry, it’s a sort of soothment to the place Vs achin’ for victuals. 'If you’re slonofin a howlin' wilderness it’s wife, children, and have ’em while they’re goin'; an it keeps the female sect from ha'ntin’ a lonesome bache lor." lie looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Hill. Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked, “ llrassy, do you know why you are not like my old kinte 1” “Dunno, 'less it’s ’cause theknifesbuts up sometimes. Yes, there’s most always some difference between (people nnd old knives ; now, there's l!iil-" Dainty jumped up nnd threw away his cignrette. •' Boys,” said he, “ let’s take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat.” Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately. “Bight, me lord,I'm yourn when its wild cats you talk. An’if Biii wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed ; if he don’t ‘ He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.’ ” He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical voice, nnd it might tiavc been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that lie overturned the stool on which he sat; it | might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpost, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He could not have told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natr.res that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up “ varmints,’’ was one of Brassy 's weaknesses, Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of theskeep-herders’existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own Docks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of sheep-herd ing. “ It take9 but three months to turn the strongest brain." The saying bad a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to- follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep—sheep are always bleating; day after day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, ami sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To hear, night after night, the west wind— always the west wind—blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyote, right after night the same sounds. Cay after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the korned-toad—always follow ing round nnd round that thousand head of bleating sheep The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the riven, which was about three miles from the'” “ Boys,” again said Dainty, “ I’m somehow sorry 1 asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as (puck as “ Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin’s is too close to the atmosphere. What you s’poso could happen 7 Think Gojquin Marietta er Throe-fingered Jack’s a luxuriatin' in the shadders of the underbrush, scented our money-pocket' an’ lay in fur us, as it Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of bis undefined An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Brassy’s dis gust. Tired out, they started home. “ Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound 1” said Dainty. All of them stopped and listened, but only -fora moment. “ Merciful God I” shouted Brassy,“run for your lives, it’s the river overllowed Tney sprang forward and ran with much speeO in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. •• If we could only get to the slough fust,’ p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, hut a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftuess upon them. Tue water from the river overlook them and lapped around their feet and up to Uitic waists. It was useless now to try to reach the Hough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muilled roar was too near. Tuey were between two Hoods; it was a moment to act without deckling. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forkB of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Be hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows ; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its ! topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. I Higher rose the flood and swathed their ! soaked garments about them ; it was so cold | —so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and warm, nnd the moonlight so Boft and so I beautiful. “ i’artnera,” said Brassy, “ I reckon we’re euchcrcd this time." “ Looks like it,” responded Bill, " and I’m j quite willing." “ Well, then, you're the fust mnn I ever saw that wa- ready for rain. Course we’d hev to swing out some day, an, drownin’, they say, is a easydeath; buttobedrowndetl like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might ’a’ knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, ’d melt the snow an’ bring down a flood. Yes, I’ve lived nigh the river long enough to be a-lookin’ out fer a filing liko this. An’ I deserve a soakin' fer bein’ bo on thoughted, but I don’t liko to be drownded like a miserable squir’l." (to be continued) 