CHAPTEB XXIII.-" OFF WITH THE OLD LOVE, ow WITH THE KEW." Aa Luke Standish bad clearly foreseen, the fact of his Budden flight on the morning of the trial had added the laBt link to the chain of evidence which conviuced Kate Leigh that ber late lover was certainly guilty of the offence laid at his door. It was impossible for her to interpret the incident in any other way, and the fact of bis destination being carefully hidden, even from his mother, went to show that be feared that the law might follow him. Not only was he a guilty wretch but a cowardly one, who had einned and fled from the cousequences. And now, being tltorough y satisfied that Luke was unworthy of her love, ebe strove to baniBb him Irom her heart and mind-a task she would never have striven to accomplish bad beratender, loving nature been able to discover the slenderest excuse for his conduct. But all was dark as pi'.ch against Luke -nowhere glimmered tbe faiutest Btreak of light. So guilty was be that be had not Hared to face b<r during the past week. She did not know that the poor fellow had waited for ber by the stile until be was hali-froocn, and that he afterwards came to the cottage and w¿8 denied all access to her. Mrs. l eigh had thought it best to say nothing to Kate about Luke's visit, and this omission of the mother's caused the daughter to unjustly record another black mark against the pitman's name. Kate had not yet recommenced work, as her mottler waa atm euppuBed to oe unwell, and the girl etil) shrank from the idea of resumiog her place among the pit-brow women, since the day she left work she bsd never ventured beyoud the coufinea of the cottage, her fear of encountering the curious glances of people haviog been developed instead of being decreased by ber retirement. And during the past few days the girl had perceived a change in Arthur Willesden'e demeanour towards herself. He was still as deferential as ever, quite as respectful in every way, but his voiue appeared to have a tone now that it had lacked previously-bis lightest word a ineuniog that she had not noticed before. It was plain to Kate now that Willesden was not only a warm, admiring friend, but a devoted lover also. A shadowy, indefinite something ehe clearly apprehended, yet could not have defined, told her of the transition which had taken plaoe in Arthur'a position and feelings towards her. She would not have discovered this change so readily lind not her mother dropped euch very pUin biuts regarding what might possibly happen now that a certain unworthy bulk of a fellow had taken himself out of the way. And when Kate came to notice Willeaden'a manner abe was forced to think that her mother had made a shrewd guess at his feeliuga And if, os Mrs. Leigh had intimated, their handsome and generous hearted lodger had loved her all along, it was certainly very noble of bim never to overstep the boundaries of friendship so long SB she waa engaged to tbe man who had fled from hie native town. But now that everything bad altered, and her engagement was a thing of the past, be had certainly the right to try and win her : and thinking over tbe matter, Kate could not help feeling impressed by the delioate aud honourable way in wbiob Arthuivbad behaved. She roapected the young fellow very much, : had a great admiration for his handsome appearance and gentlemanly address, and the debt of gratitude Bhe and her mother owed bim it wunld never be, she feared, in their power to repay. Sbe eveu regretted that ehe did not return Willeadeu's affection, for was he not worthy of any woman's love ? And what was she but an ignorant pit-brow girl I Une of a class despised by many ; ana what man in Arthur's position- save himself-would think of choos- ing a wife from her walk of life? All the circumstances of the case-save one -pleaded in Willesden'e favour, ile had played hie part so well ss to cast a glamour over both mother aud daughter, and it was probable that when be designed to ask Kate to marry him she would consent. The only thing'that militated against him was the ghost of the old love which still haunted the girl, but which she was constantly endeavouring to lay. At last the crisis came. It was a oouple of days alter Luke's flight, aud Arthur reaolved to put his fate to the touch that evening, should a favourable opportunity present itself. He had given Mra. Leigh a hint of his intentiou in the morning, and ehe applauded his resolution, promising to give bim the chance he eo much deeired. After nightfall, when the household work waa over, and Kate had donned a bright coloured dress cf print, which set off her simple beauty as a tuft of green lesvea sets off a rose, Mrs. Leigh made some excuse for slipping out to some of her neighbours, leaving her daughter by the fireside knit ing. The cloaiug ot tbe back door warned Arthur, who was on the alert, that his opportunity had arrived, aud he waa just in the mood for grasping it. He advanced iuto the kitchen, tits dark face flushed and handsome, his black eyes Habiting with the light of love and hope. She glanced up aa he came iu, according him a emile of welcome, and accepting thia SB an omen of success, he went towards the fire- place, aaying : " busy, 1 »ee, Misa Leight" " Yes, in a email way, she responded, the bright needles twinkling in her deft fingers. " My mother hos just gone to Mrs. Dawson's." " Thea wo ehalt be alone fora few miuutee, and 1 aui glad, for it givea me an opportunity I have lung desired. Do you know. Miss Leigh, that 1 have come to make a conlea eiou ?" 