SOME ONE ELSE. (A STORY BY B. M. CHOKER.) CHAPTER V. (Continued). TOO BAD OP TEDDY. Moat of the company at the White House had already arrived when the Misses Brab azons, with meek faces, and in washed whito muslins, made their appearance in the drawing room. Soon they were seated, and refreshed with tea or coffee borne about by Cox, Miss Jane's retainer, in a stealthy manner, on a laige silver tray, and plied with cake nnd bread and butter by an auxiliary — buttons. Music was there: Gussie played Thalbergs' ' Home, sweet Home' with her usual brilliancy, and it proved a wonderful incentive to conversation ; before the first page was turned there was a strong buzz of voices, as u gratuitous vocal accompaniment. Next to the piano came Mr. Bell, the rector, a cheery, broad- shouldered, ruddy-faced gentle man, who bellowed a passionate entreaty to ' The Maid of Athens' to restore his heart ; he was in turn succeedcd by two pale, plaintiff looking sisters, who executed a duet, which sounded something like a pair of angry sparrows fighting in a hedge, and was sup posed by all (incept the gentleman who turned over the leaves), to have linen in Italian. Thus Cecilia had been propitiated ; and now the serious business of the evening commenced — cards. ' Nap' was selected by the young people ; whilst two solemn whist tables were set out for the elders ; at which silence reigned, and gold and silver pieces shone upon the green cloth. Miss Jane was foud of whist, — and, entre nous, considered herself a first-class player. ? She was preparing to enjoy her rubber thoroughly ; her old eyes sparkled, the corners of her mouth twitched, and her wrinkled jewelled fingers beat a slow triumphal move ment on the table, for had she not cut her favourite partner, Sir Thomas Burton, and had she not three heavy trumps in her own hand ! As she sat patiently waiting (whilst old Mrs. Maxwell made up her mind between two cards) she gazed complacently round upon her other guest#. Cries of ' I go two !' ' I go three !' ' I go nap !' came from the younger and most boisterous company. Yes ! just as she liked to see it ! there was Gussie banking with Mr. Yashon, and 'Florian beside Miss Brass. But what did Cox mean by making those mysteri ous signals from the door ? His gestures were urgent, even violent. No angry shaking of her head availed her, she must rise and find out what he wanted. In another second, she had bustled over, cards in hand. ?'A person down stairs to see me ! Prepos terous! I really wonder at you, Cox. You ought to know better than to bring me such a message; Tell him I'm engaged— particularly engaged,'' in an angry undertone. 'But he says he won't stir till he sees you, ma'am ; and he is most owdacious in his talk ; and he's sitting in the hall as solid as a graven image.' ' ' Nonsense, indignantly. ' Why don't you turn him out, or send for the police? ? What's he like, eh ?' ' Ob, elderly ; a big man, and very shabby.' 'Most unaccountable!'' she ejaculated, casting her eyes towards the card table. ' How ever, send him away, tell him he must go,' moving off. 'Stop, ma'am, one moment,' cried Cox in a husky whisper, 'he — he — he — says he's ' a relation !' ' A what 1' exclaimed Miss Jane, becoming instantly the colour of a lemon ; whilst her wrinkled old taper hands trembled preceptibly, and she and the worthy Cox gazed at each other in silence for two seconds. — Yes ! their suspicions were the same ! ' Mr. Bell,' she said, accosting the rector in a quavering voice, ' might I trouble you to take my hand for a few moments ; I shall be back immediately ;' but it ? was nearly half-an-hour before she returned to the card-table. :? Meanwhile, her guests amused themselves quite as much, as if she had been present ; in fact the. young people, unrestrained by her eye, waxed exceedingly hilarious and noisy, over a wildly exciting game of ' grab.'' And the old people thought, and reckoned, and gazed medi tatively over their spectacles, and begged to be allowed ' to look at the last trick,' and won and lost, and enjoyed themselves hugely, in their own sj .iciai iasnion. Ana a couple ot firebrands, sat aloof on the sofa, and talked eiiough scandal to take the roof off the virtu ous White House ; and two young people in retirement, — in a corner near the piano, — were so wrapt up in each other's society, and the mutual interchange of soft nothings, that they were absolutely ignorant of their hostess's absence ! After some time, Miss Brabazon returned, lookfng very grave indeed, and resumed her place with many apologies ; but it was easy to see that her mma was aestrait ana preoccupied. ' I hope to mercy nothing has happened to the supper !' ejaculated one of the matrons on the sofa, as she drew her friend's attention to their hostess's face of unmistable solemnity. Sir Thomas stared at her in indignant in credulity, and grunted, and frowned, and jerked himself up and down in his chair, as she ruthlessly trumped his very best cards, and wasted her finest suit j her play was wild, her blunders outrageous, altogether they had a bad evening, and their losses were serious! At length supper was announced, and tue card tables broke up, counted their gains or be moaned their bad luck, and trooped down to what experience assured them would be a most recherche repast. And so it was ! ' But over all there hung a sense of fear, a sense of mystery their spirit daunted,' a mystery, not to be dispersed by boned turkey, and dry champagne ! Sir Thomas was like a thunder cloud ; ho had lost no les* than four pounds tun. ? Miss Brabazon herself nobly represented the death's head at the feast, and oven Cox's countenance wore an expression of impene trablo gloom. Yes, it was a very heavy supper indeed, in spite of the popping of corks, and a .regular fusillade of crackers. *A t-. one o'clock the guests took their depar ture. Our young people walked home along the hard frosty road, discussing tho evening's entertainment, with more or less animation, ' It was ten times better than the last,' said Gussie, jovially. ' Not half so many old caterpillars as usual, and, let me see,' reckon ing to herself, ' four young men, not counting you. Wo.' , . „ 'Yes, that's the reason you liked it, ' interrupted Haidee contemptuously; 'and with two out of the four to tajk to, one at each side of you, you were as happy as a queen, and looked like — ' 'An ass between two bundles of hay,' suggested Plorian languidly, removing his cheroot. ' But T was different,' proceeded Haid6e, as j if she had not heard this vulcar remark : ' T actually lost three aud ninrienco at those vile 1 cards.' ' Why did you not bank with George Jessop when he asked you ?' said Gussie in a tone of friendly exposulation. 'Because I'm not like you. — I don't want strangers to pay for my losings, and I detest George J essop !' explosively. _ ' You need not tell us that,' returned her sister with a giggle, 'you showed it sufficiently plainly ; you gave him a fine view of the back of your head, most of the evening TJiif-. T quite agree with you ; he is too lady-like a young man to be tolerated ; he is always so very piano that he has invariably the effect of making me tremendously fortd~]\\\st to shock his delicate nerves.' 'Talking of shocks,' observed Florian, ' what was the matter with our venerable relative this evening ?' ' Yes. Did you remark her going out of the room ? and the length of her face when she returned ! She looked as if she had seen a ghost. I wonder what Cox was telling her ? exclaimed Gussie, with deepening interest. ' Probably that the cook was intoxicated ; or that Moses and Lady Louisa had stolen the salmon, ' returned Haidee, who was now rapidly recovering from the loss of her un liappy three and ninepence. ' The supper wasn't bad !' remarked Florian condescendingly. '] wonder where the old girl gets her champagne? But upstairs, the business was deadly. I never put in a more ghastly evening.'' ' Why, I thought you seemed to enjoy it very much,' rejoined Gussie indignantly. ' I heard you asking Miss Brass for her photo, and offering her amount. You were gettin' on like a house on fire. You did enjoy your self,' combatively. \j nt, must say somotoing pour passer lo temps ; but sitting round a table with a pack of fiddle-headed young women, playing a two penny game of cards, is certainly not my idea of pleasure,' returned her brother loftily, as he ascended the steps, and threw open their own hall door with a loud bang. As the trio entered, a tall figure, with a flat candlestick in one hand, approached from the far side of the hall, and dramatically beckoned them towards the schoolroom ! It seemed to be an old mau, in shabby clothes, and his gestures were — to say the least of it — imperious and decided, as he turned once more, and gravely waved them forward. ' Who on earth is it ?' whispered Gussie, turning a little pale. ' A robber ?' ' A lunatic, or a ghost,' suggested her sister, shrinking behind Floiian, who, armed with a stout stick, was advancing rapidly — for him— on the position, or, in other words, the mysterious stranger in the schoolroom. One bedroom candle but dimly lit up the iijjui wucui, us tiicy eniereain a compact ooay, and found a ragged, gaunt figure, with a slouch hat, red worsted comforter, and crimson nose, standing in a magisterial attitude, with his back to the empty grate. — He surveyed them calmly for some seconds, his head a little thrown bacl:, his eyes half closed, and then with one accord t' e word, ' Teddy ' burst from his indignant, and bewildered sisters. 'Upon my word, Teddy,' exclaimed Florian angrily, ' this' is very nice indeed ! Are you aware that it is not Guy Fawkes day, nor even the first day in April ?' To this harangue the culprit made no nuswer, ucyunu a aeuoeraie closing ot ms left eye. 'So this is what you call tooth-ache 1' pro ceeded the other, with scathing sarcasm ; 'dressing up and playing the fool, and skirking your social duties. Come, give us the key to the riddle. What has been your little game 1 What the deuce do you mean 1' ' All right. Don't hurry me, and I'll tell you the whole story,'' returned Teddy, looking round at his sisters in a condescending manner, arid pulling down his ragged shirt cuffs. _ ' Then get on, .and don't keep us here all night,' said Gussie impatiently, row seating herself, candle in hand, whilst Haidee lit two tapers on the chimney piece to further illumi nate the scene. ' Well,' clearing his throat. ' to begin with ; what would you take me for, all of you ?' proudly surveying his audience, with his thumbs in the arm-holes of his waistcoat. ' Let's have a look at you,' said Haidee, holding up a candle, and revealing the infirmi ties of Teddy's coat and trousers ; his blucher boots, battered white hat, and face deftly painted to represent age — age with a fiery nose.' (To be Continued. ) 