OUK BRISBANE iL,ETFKIt. [By the Chiel.] I Brisbane. June 6- I Everything so far is quiet in the political tents of. Shem, Ham, and Jap heth, that i« to say of M'llwraitb, More- | bead, and Griffith. Measure after uiea sure comes along, and after a Ministerial member bas Ind off. ud bobi serenely an Oppositionist to say that be is only criti cisiug it all in a friendly spirit, aud tbat .the time is past wben tbis con he con sidered as a party measure. Tbe calm, however, ta likely to prove a treacherous pneO'OpWieyV sugar' iudustry motion stands in tbe bill for this afternoon, and, rhouc-h it, 'is'ob'ly dogs' wbo ought to deligul lo bark and bite (it being tbeir nature to), beyond a-floubt there will lie a pretty Liberal (and Nationalist) show of teeth, both before aud after sunset, which is -to say tbat poor old Pboabus bus a more, than ordinarily fait show of setting on 'some fellows' wrath. Tbe wire pullers on both sides are uneasy. Tbe pro-Coolies can't make up tbeir minds if ' the oountry ' will stand any open advocacy of a. measure of 'relief' (and then there are the elections pledges, you know, and those beastly verbatim re porters ) ; while tbe auti-Coolies are a bit staggered by Groom's admission of tbu fact that Ibe whole industry — witb all its millions of invested capital; iU £100,000 odd per aouuin of white wages, together with tbe clearance and settlement of tbe north — will very likely have to 'go ' with tbe festive kanak. The conse quence is tbat tbere is indecision in tie humpies of Nationalism, and doubt iu the Building Society tenements of the Liberal saints. Indeed the affair ruus a big cbnnue of beconiiu g a sort of ' go as you please.' A great lot will depend on somebody losii.g bis temper. Your doughty Maryborough Jack meantime Is grinding hie axe In tbe States, but pro mises an eleotive curreut which shall lighten our darkness (in fact make tba ' darkness visible,' as Hilton says), aud will blowup the trumpet of democracy iu the new moon of servile labor, wheu be gets back. More than one of the real White Queensland men, wbo are willing to heroically sacrifice nil those millions (of other people) aurl keep the north a jungle rather than have it the baunt of 'nlggere,' who are a threat to 'our democracy," are Inclined to be despon- dent. "They are strong enough," said one to me the other day ("they" means the Government), "and they'll pull the five years extension through, In the face of all their pledges and the opinion of the country— Just as they did with the tariff. Qui vivra vena, which may be inter- preted "the fellow that is isn't prema- turely planted out, will be able to rush in his report and boom up his paper." Here are the three Sugar Commis- sioners :— Cowley is a little, swarthy man, with a slouch bat, a abort thick black; moustache, and a decisive manner. He has every appearance of knowing what he is about. King. the once ex-speaker, is, as you Maryboroughians know, a long, lank editor of Rip Van Winkles with high narrow shoulders, a stoop, and a slouch hat. Heglides perennially arouud tbe Queen- streel Menagerie Colossus of Messrs. Buzacott and Galley (that is the Courier office), and in reported to be harmless, if you don't nay anything to anyone about Home Rule, rats, or Protection. Groom— but now should I do justice to the Inimitable William Henry 1 Those who saw him in tbe grand old days in gown and glasses, 'opening proceedings in tbe. House with prayer,' bave felt the arid tracts of their existence to bave been thereby made riper and richer for ever. Now those to. whom he has vouchsafed the vision of bis smile— Oil his smile 1 his very best, utterly regardless of cost, Sunday iKO-to-meet I u-? smile .'—these men have smitten on their hearts, and returned in a rapture of contemplation to ihelr. swept and gar nished 16 pereb allotment, time payment bumpy, and called an extinction, with a satisfied soul. Age cannot wither, nor even tbe oubUhh bouse stale the Infinite variety of William Henry, who does not even inspire tbe leaders in bis own newspaper. - * Dillon arrived woefully late In tbe Gambler, and found Brisbane in the grip of dust and tbe west wind. A band of devotees (chiefly publicans and sinners) met him down at Hie wharf, and cheered somebody else tastily. The mistake was excusable. He looked wretchedly shrivelled up and pale, and went ' sbad dowing ' himself about like a cross be tween a lath and a ghost. Ccrtfs, he never was pbysicully robust, but he is like Tithenus now, the gentleman who was a vox et pretend nihil. After sunset the wind and dust were really awful, and it was obvious the ceremony in the.Opera House was going to be a cold collation. The management was bad, but tbe cause was good, and tbe place was packed from roof to floor with a n audience (despite the draughts) bubbling over with sympathy. Dillon's appearauce was patbetic. Wbat a struggle has this been that has' turned all tbe leading Irishmen into skeletons with blazing eyes ! Dillon reminds one now a bit of an extinct volcano. His oratory is more poli9bed thpn of yore, but rather hollow ami monotonous. He seemed to strike the majority as a disap pointment. He eirabe moderately and to the point however, showing the effect of tbe great access of responsibility wbicb has come to the Home Rulers from their having taken their place as members of the English Liberal party. It was a bit comioal to see a Courier editor, muffled up in a great coat and looking wretchedly cold^standing on tlie platform. Shades of Carl Feilberg and the old Courier cello phobia (which cost Buzacott a seat at Osiey) be appeased ! Dil Ion's speech shall only be ' honored'1 with aehori sub leader. Dillon's success behind the scenes here , has not been considerable. He is wbat you may call tbe new type of sustenance. His manner is cold and reversed, the very opposite to tbat of the average Kelto-Australian iB. This compreseed extract-of-beef sort of thing takes in the State, who bave had so much to do wicb cooling it, but here it does not go down bo well. He haH bad a bad time of it. The clique that has pushed itself most forward in connection with his reception is tbepublican crowd. These have patted him on tbe back and shouted champagne for him in general, and themselves in particular, until the poor fellow has sought refuge in an icicly state of ' keep your distance.' in order to freeze oft tbeir well meant kindness, which was playing the mischief with bis digestion, and now ail the public crowd are expressing their disappointment. Dillon is naturally now abstemious ; his health has of necessity made him more en, and, moreover, be is s man of education and culture, one of Cardinal's Newman's pet lambs. Bris bane stands a eood chance of being re corded in bis journal as ' a city by a river, forested by dust, wind, rain, and 60 'J00 inhabitant*, mostly publicans and the rest doctors. How they all liquor Here is a little anecdote, to tbe actual veracity of which 'The Chiel ' vouches. It was told a certain Minister that a cer tain ' advertising politician' (as House of-Commons Smith dubbed our own and only Henniker Heaton) on tbe other side (he is quivering with emotion Just now at tbe idea of not getting credit for something or other in somebody else's bill), was writing on a paper usually sup posed to be Ministerial in character. Tbe reply was given in a seeming artleBB naivete which was delicious. ' Oh, then X ? has got a letter at last ! I am glad to hear it.1' ? 