7Z~ltfVE$TURE -IN THE AUSTRALIAN- BUSH. ?**? * (ntOll THE LOSDOS SDK.) MACKiNiosu and I had been college 'chums.' We were both bera of large families, and unfortunately, in our estimation Tlcast not eldest sons. So we determined that we would not l dra''a on the family incomes, but would carve our own way in [fe worldl So, amid 'tlie tears and- Iamentati6~n~a~of Tjiaters'arid iu3 innumerable, we sailed one day for a new sphere of life lto'etlier. The colony of Victoria was as yet in its' youth, the JboriRines still held the new settlers, to a certain extent, ;,in a stiteof apprehension as to property, and even sometimes as to neraonal safety, ^wre both bout^ fo| jtheBame sheep '..station ?u the 'bush,' and as we;were ffpinK {out-io^th^m^in purlibse ; of learning the business liofisheep^f arming 'wje i felt; that we would not need tobe above going ^hto all ita details^ bpwever disagreeable, or rough the service might' be; V ^ - / ,\ V j : V . ,.r ??;? i;; ;?:[,*;:, *^ : ^ MacDertnott, our ' boss,' ; to. use a more modern west-world nlirase, was one of the oldest handa at iheep-f arming 'in the colony! He wa3 a Scotchman like ourselves, andour ''run:- was considered one of the best— ' Oaklands'^ out stations also, to which sheep ? frp^tvKea^qiiarters were sometimes drafted. For a short time at ter bur arrival Mackintosh ; and 1 stayed together at Oaklanda to see busines^- but at the time of my story he had been foraome weeka at '' Walba Vale,'1 a splendid out-station far in the bU8^j.^*^Dougias,^; said the 'boss' to me one morning, 'Hector is off^wbrk';just now ' (meanins the head shepherd),: V laid -up with ij. a bad; foot |; could you take the three score .-sheep i up to ^amba;|o-niRht? -I cansee no dansrer in you doing so, but you had better take your own dbg, ; a revolver and some amnaunUion^though there ia not the least chance of you needing them^aslthe natives are quiet at present' A pang shot through me at the thought. I was young and inexperienced at the: work, ibut. I would 1 allow: nothing to make me look like a coward in the. eyes of MacDermott. ;-' Yes; sir,' I answered most laconically. ' I' will do -it.' ' ? It would take me two nights and a dixy to reach ' Wamba Vale.' We were to start at sundown that night, rest the whole of the next day in; the heat, and would arrive.at our destination by daybreak of the ' following morning; so it took me the whole .forenoon -to clean . my pet revolver, till the ammunition bag, put up some eatables for myself and Tweed, a splendid collie I had brought from the old country. ?':' -:'-?* '?* -. ? - ' -: \ ;v ?.???'.?: ;: '.:*: ? '-'?'?:?$ ;?:'?/ ./?? v '?:'' ':.' ► Sundown came, and off we set in a very resoectable and orderly manner, Tweed, like the colonel, eyeing hia corps with keen criticism. For the- first ;aix hours we marched well. It was : nearly full moon at thia time, and I could not help fancying, as' the moon would now and again emerge from a cloud,- that there were either ghosts, phantoms, or images of shadow-land of some kind dodging our steps. - 1 even thought I saw and heard figures of some kind ilittering near us, but called myself a coward and a fool lor my pains. ;Tweed, however, did not seem altogether at his ease ; he kept close to ray heels, whining now and then with a dissatisfied expression. The sheep looked tired, so about one in the morning, as we reached a clearing, down we all camped for an hour or two. Fortunately, water was near, as it was close to an artificial tank put there for the benefit of travellers like our selves. I lit my fire, lit my pipe, gave Tweed directions about the sheep, and, soon lost in thought of home and old companions, - I fell into a light sleep. I wad suddenly awakened by a long low growl from Tweed, and, looking round, I could hardly have imagined a more weird-looking scene. The tall, bare trunks of the Australian trees environed us, each one looking like a ghost in the moonlight, ; and surely — yes, surely — there were figures appearing and disappearing with a light fantastic sort of step that set my weak heart beating most uncomfortably; but soon ail was perfectly still, and again I chastised myself mentally. , What would I not have given tor the warm grasp of a friendly hand ut that moment, and the thought of Mackintosh (dear old fellow!) awaiting -us, gave me stieneth and courage. It-was Koiiigon to morning now ; still an hour or two of tramping could be done, so with advancing light we again set off. Poor- old Tweed seemed bowed down with hia responsibilities. Such a splendid and powerful dog aa he was quite comforted me, vand I could even leave the counting of the Hock to him. Not one was missing that night: /Would we have escaped ns aufely the next? A long rest next day, some good feeding, plenty of pulls at my friendly pipe, und the assuring presence of daylight quite Bet me up; and at sundown again we set off in high spirits. A«ain six hours of .steady marcniiiK, and again the same awful . misgivings of being followed ! Again, about 1 in the morning, a clearing was reached, round which a clump of the same tall, gaunt, and branchless trees reared their sterna. - The night hud been airlesa and hot, and a horrible sense of the near presence of unseen enemiea seemed to suffocate me. I had taken the precaution of loading two rounds ot my revolver. .If it was a native umbush that dogged my steps, I would: be ready, and the unknown power of iirearms was the one thing, that kept them in check by the settlers. Again we camped. The sheep, very tired, were soon perfectly still, but nothing would sutisfy Iweed. He luy close at my ieet, giving restless moans and whines. 1 lit my lire and pipe, but could not sleep. Again the wild faces of home came before my vision, when ah ! Iweed! what was the mitter with him V lie crept closer to me, and seeu)ed to prepare himself for a spring ; and 1 knew that, what ever happened, Tweed must keen close to me, or it would be death to him. 'Down, Tweed*, down,' I whispered,, raising 'Jyaelfon one knee, and looking cautiously round, one hand araspuig liia neck, and the other my revolver. What had hap pened to the trees ? They almost aeemed to move, nnd looked so t uck and black in the moonlight, till— awful revelation !— I saw tuut each one had a native behind it ! ' , u r .. bilence now was my role, ana waiting. I would not be the mat to attack. 1 looked at the aheep for a moment,- and saw that the auibuah.luy uround them, and hi that moment the first advance was made. A little, determined-looking savuge stepped out, .fol lowed by n bund ot aooty followers. 'Down, Tweed, down, - ?B»un i whispered, or he would have been at their throats m an i«8tuut. lirundiahiiiK their weapons, on they came, uncertain whether I had iireurins or not. ' Ptitience,' I said to myself, utterly astonished at the coolness now that had taken possession vJ?% 'Do''t kill u man if you can help it ;' but with a war if.1,1. l'at resounded through the bush, on came the leader frantic with rage and gesticulation. Quickly rising to my feet, with one 'eudy aim I tired, and down dropped the man at the leader a side, ^onaternation took possession of the band, and they quickly lonW dm8Kinu their comrade's body away, and I aa quickly re dded, patted Tweed, and aguin waited. Oh, the agony of that moment ! Would !I never see home again, seemedto be my one wiouKht, and it goaded me to action und determination to sell my J»te cleurly. Urn1 i* au hour hftd 'ot passed before back came the frantic, 'le leader, supported by a huge bodyguard of followers. 1 had '-y bix chamber* T loaded, pretty sure 1 would need them ft', and 1u'*«}etermined advance again 1 iired, once ! twice '.thrice ! till, n 8tll'mormnK air was lilled with the terrible ye la of dying » r . w-eetl be»«ived nobly ; he knew now 1 wished him to eat nyfect; it was hia only aufety, uml without him 1 would have «cii louely indeed ; but how lie trembled with desire to be ut . wiH^fUtJ8illa ! , A«tti» l»ey retired, dragginu their dead comrades With them, and 1 took my remaining time and strength to reload. La?V.lPr|yuow that theae aavagea would bo utterly diaor Kuniaed^if their leader waa gone, ao determined the next attack '°»in} »ot him at oi?ce. Daylight now waa coming in, and once more buck tliey mustered, the leader in front aa before. Once I lwice ! thnce ! ngaiu I fired, nnd aa often a man dropped, but ???I daylight, we would try and push on for help. I ?iTn^ w they would comeback for their dead or dying ; and so Ioidln- once more and giving poor Tweed some water from my ilask and aatherini A8™^' W ? S^ °1F '»Wtelcly a» I had stren^th'tS go.^ ' A rustling in the scrub? or was it only the shrhin' o£ the whirl Jte $&n.;(?x{c3s trees.?- or oh ! was it the enemy'at our heela ngiun-.'-Norit-wasnoneoi these thngs; but Dresentlv-I-hpnrdn. longilow whiatle, aridHhen; plunging out of a thicket ^ea idtf S^ ' came^V aid,, Mackintosh's^ In another moment thJS?i?fd*' fr Sly fTc °aUg m° m arm8' a'd 1 Wfta surrounded by 