OUBLISaND D ILc. WEtDNEBSDA, MAY 2, 1829. SPECIALLsrs in lunacy tell us that the indications of madness are nearly allied with the greatest wit'; and wit, it is scarcely necessary to observe, springs from intellectuality. Now, it is by no means an. uncommon error to regard mind and intellect as synonymous terms, an acceptation which a little reflection will demonstrate the faillacy of. M?ind is the fullest possession of all the senses in a healthy state : the power of using them promptly to the best pur. pose is called " presence of mind :". the power of exerting them in the right way at all times is called "mental power," and "force of character :' while the absence of these characteris tics is termed " weak-mindedness ;" shown in a greater degree is known as " absene of mind." The man of mind is the man of action, the administrator and the one most respected among his fellows for the time he is with them. He may be their inferior in education, and in what is known as breeding, but if nature has favoured him in the development of the senses and the ready use of them, he is recognised as a " master mind," and loads and governs his fellows in a manner they feel but cannot explain. This is apt to lead to the incorrect supposition that he is consequently intellectually supe rior to his company, which is altogether an error of judgment and a confounding of cause and effect. For those intellec tually distingaished have been, in fact, generally deficient in mental power. Intellect is the highest endowment given to humanity, and yet history and experience verify in a common-place way the well-known aphorism that the world knows but little of its greatest men, as can be demonstrated by taking a few instances in which men of the greatest intellect have failed to make their superior attainments felt in their time, have obtained no recognition of their real greatness among those with whom they associated. Foremost among the intellectuality of all time, past and present, stands William Shakespeare, yet in his time he was comparatively unknown, his writings unread, and three-fodrths of his wondrous plays were not printed until many years after his death. He was unhonoured among his follows, and accounted by his college-educated con. temporary, Greene, as a low intruder upon, and as. a pretender only to, literary distinction. Bacon, who took note of all that was notable during his time, leaves no record that he ever know or heard of Shakespeare, although both dwelt in London when the popula tion of London was no larger than that of Melbourne at the present day. And theoreason is not far to seek. Shake. spearo was a man of intellect only. The "'gentle Shakespeare," as he was called, was so weak-minded that he was matri monially captured by a woman much older thlan himself when but a youth, and freed himself from his thraldom only by running away and keeping away from wife and hbme for 17 long years. As an actor he was out of his element, the ghost in his play of " Hamlet" being the only character of which there is record of his over representing. He was a shy, retiring man, and a mere nobody at the tavern meetings where Ben Johnson ruled as a king. Take Goldsmith again, "In wit a man, simplicity a child." Intellectually vastly superior to those with whom he associated, he was but snubbed by them, and told that be "wrote like an angel, but talked like poor Poll." Dr. Johnson, who is now mainly remem bored through the agency of Boswell's biography of him, "sat upon" poor Goldsmith upon all occasions, and made him the sport and the butt of the com pany. Johnson bore down all before him in conversation, and was accounted a leviathan and a triton among'minnows by force of mind only, yet intellectually he was nowhere beside the author of " The Deserted Village," "Tile Traveller," "She Stoops to Conquer," and "The Vicar of Wakefield,"--works that will live while the language lasts in which they were written. Cowper is another instance. He was deficient in mind to an extent re quiring at times the control of others a mere imbecile, a nonentity in all else but that intellect which, tinding ax pression through the pen, has given him a fame that wealth cannot purchase nor any strength of body or mind achieve. Weak in body and mind also was the poet Pope. He tells us of his sufferings of body in his allusion to "that long disease, my life." His biographers tell us how be was made the mere play. thing of that strong-minded woman, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, whom Pope appears to have adored, while she satirically derided him as "the poor little immortal." Keats, we are told, was almost crushed to desperation and ddath by a severe criticism ona.is poems in the Quarterly lReview. Byron was fretful, petulant, and wayward as a child, slowing not only no mental strength but much weakness in that way in all his dealings with the world. As in modern, so in olden time, Socrates is known to us mainly through the mind and memoranda of Plato. Tho, intellectually speaking, greatest man of Greoce-the wisest of all the men of the olden time- required the master mind of Plato to recognise his true merits, to interpret him, and leave us the record of his profound insight of all metaphysical matters. Those of large intellectuality have always been careless of fame. The teachings of Socrates were verbal only. So was it with the founders of Buddhism-that religion of three-. fourths of the present inhabitants of the world. Sakya Mouni, or Gautama, as he was known among Buddhists, taught verbally only, writing nothing, and leaving to his disciples the mouldings of his teachings, into a doctrinally formal shape. Intellect creates, while mind ad ministers and manages. Of the thousands of inventors how many have succeeded in getting their inventions noticed by the world in their lifetime ? The man of intellect is often childlike when lie comes to practical and administerial matters.. Newton, at home in fluxione and in that higher geometry by which he could measure the celestial bodies and times of the comets' circuits, could not keep his accounts as master of the mint. Be failed in them as did Burns in the duties of an exciseman, as did Theodore Hook as treasurer at Mauritius, and as did the highly educated Sheridan when lie stooped to theatrical management. The man of mind is the man of the world, sensible and selfish. He makes no romantic or foolish marriage, as did Shakespeare, and SBorates, Albert Darer, John Wesley, and Bishop Hooker. We see the man of mind biding his time and never forgetting himself-playing his game for place, wealth, or power. Talent is the power of mind, and genius the outcome of intellect. Talent shows for its time only, genius for all time. Our forefathers were as well acquainted with all the characters created by Shakespeare as we are, and our descendants will know the little crowd of beings brought into the world and left"with us.as part of its polpula tion by the genius of Dickens as well as we know them, and that is, probably, much better than we know mrostof our oivn relations. Intellect is seldom allied with learning. In Shakespeare, Burns, and Dickens we have instances of unedu cateft men developing the very highest intelleet, In Dickens, the greatest among the literary lions of our time, we have one who, his biographers toll us, was w'orking for wagos-pasting labels on Warren's blacking bottles-at 12 years of age. Bunyan was a travelling tinker. Defoe was a small hosiery shopkeeper. Learning is often but as lumber to the brain, and education too often but crushes in place of developing its power. Hence it is we seldom hear much of the after life of senior wrang lors, or those who havo taken ex. ceptionally high honours at College or University. TIo wise man is the man of strong mind, improved sometimes by an education which has developed his talents, and whose knowledge is of the world and its ways, and not of hook learning. The wisdom of such is shown in tact, and tact is often better than talent in working one's way in the world. Ties export trade in fruit from this colony has. although yet in its infanay, assumed large proportions this season, no loss than 175,000 bushels of apples and pears having up to the present been shipped from Hobart, while 170,000 bushels are yet available, and will doubt less be speedily disposed of. The trade is capable of great development, and by judicious management, due attestion to packing, etc.-the system In regard to which could be much improved-the demand in London and other parts of Great Britain will increase, and we may expect In coming seasons to find the P. and O. and Orient Companies' steamern making regular calls at Hobart. Up to thIe present very little fruit has been senat from the North, orchardiata evidently being indifferent to their own interests. We, oipect, however, to see the industry commenced and fostered in the nortli eastern districts, whero, we understand, a large number of trees will be planted this season. That apples and other fruit can be grown there to advantage there is no doubt, and as the codlin moth is com paratively unknown a prosperous future should be in store for growers. W~V ?TEN Auotralia is evidently in earnest in her desire for responsible goveromont, and that her request will be ultimpately granted thero appears to be little doubt, although it may not be just yet. The Premier of Tasmania has forwarded a telegream to the Mayor of Perth expreselng sympathy with the aspirations of Western" Australia, and thatsympathy will doubtlesabe sharedby colonists generally, The question as to whether the whole of the vast territory should be handed over by the Imperial Government is, of course, the great matter, and inust have due consideration, but Western Australiansmight be satisfied with the control of even a portion of their extensive colony. 