.A IWise Medclleitc e ?li?ti. )r, Calomnel : I'm anfrtaid our torn.liice Nerve food in rla)lt done fIor. Fifty thou. and llottles -i hbind, nlt we cani't brine peopte o otake It. fir. Sugarpill : ChancoU the itely on all of 'ent to renld I-rickdut N r, Tinee, and Onvd a strlng cenr to the prev d nllllllnig the C'or.,Inice Nierve 1 oild an lr villainoltR cioi. pouin of whisky, ,pliium onrstii aid e otIloughl on lIte., Thlrlt II Icteh 'eol MANY at woman reading tlhe 'lilr?t elhapterl of a novell jumptlll I lleo iI thle elontllllon, torner how it ends. A rIA recently undertoolk to rsclertnlll the age f a i hnrk bo y t niXlllllitllg lhis teth. Tlhe nlexlt mrllnlitlg th Ilpeagivle thrmelm' ago Ii the very tinay. 'lTI? I?Is stIIY-the etly iiter'0 Ilvnoney- with thie man working by ctntract, thit It Is all day with tle man wrorkinig Ion tim. Wlien1111 agent calls rpon yuel a wllr u Hiy that lih IRlveitlin wicrhe io In etilling will pary for Ilft lrirlhio of six rornth,, he In rnot xanctly lying, but you will have to pay forit just tihe rune. A wlteorillolul thlef's cotloneuco imay not pFriCk him hut thle irbed wh I fUnce tlhat ht rune lp agalnI? t I thO dark does, all the stan.e that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to himn she would be married on her dying bed. I powdered . her up well, miss, and dressed her in the embroidered dressing gown, with tul:n roses at the throat. I pulled down the green shades and darkened the room. She tixed the pillows to prop herself up with, and then skipped into bed. "' Give rmo my pearl bracelots,' she said, ' and the hnndsomest of those hanrd kerchiefs, and all my rings; and Floral mind you must sob all through tihe cere mony. I'm going to becalm.' L" We hadn't five miinutes toroe, but just as the first knock came to tire door, she whispered sorrowfully: "' Oh, diear I if I could only have slew music. Couldn't you catch that Trm viata ' organ, Flora, and get him to play for half an hour outside the window I lle'salways on trhe corner. I'll leaveyou something handsome if you do.' "I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and he ground out his quarters worth. "Thoe clergyman was a very nice, neat, near-sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was the dreadfulest sight-pale as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. The groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at a funeral; and to see her, with her calm smile and powdered face, one hand against her heart, theo other in his--I was glad I'd been told to sob ; I had to do something. And so they werer married. " I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, 'that this, perhaps tir last oumesnt of my life, is very sweet. To die thus. with my hand in yours--it ! Dear friend, adieu I Florn, my faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest ; but no matter. ' emembeor me by it. Now- leave us.' "Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. "Inua mloment more there was a screarn; Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an t hour to bring himt to. "Thue reporter of the evening paper was waitirngoutside for the news. It was r all lpublishd tlhat night, but the next afternoon the travelling dress came back in the black trunk. " Yes, miss, of courso--Miss Grigg- mean to say Mrs. Birch--recovered at once. And that's the whole story. I'mrr the only one that knows it, and I Iwouldn't mention it to any osne but you, nla'amsl." 