ffTilTljOLTOiN SU U A RE TXiAGEDl . Br JOHN K. LEYS, . ni..T"c Lindsays," "Dr. Beroni's Secret,,' athoro-i 'Fruat Betrayed, eie.,-, CHAPTER XV. A >'EW snsricio. Tremayne reached Mrs. Red- lCIlnivvin---room, Miss Dangerfield was i ,,o on cine of the couches reading a noTcl. earJeduponc greeted Mrs. Redfern, DOren t up to Olivia, offering Miss Daugerfield extended, her . a patron, eing air, but without iCtba trouble of altering her position in r/r-f fe"re<! that her visit would bo thrown , D0 Tt -n-otild be impossible to speak with' anr freedom to Mrs. Itcdfern while Olivia sat 'r-n't'tbis a dreadful thing, Miss Tremayne, v .» rmitain Everett ?" said tho widow, "ft before the visitor had takeu her seat. ?. T J-uost think it is worse than my poor hus- wl'5 death-more shocking. It tnas.es every- jodvtalk of us, and in such an unpleasant listened in amazement. It was iin- witiibie for her to understand Mrs. Redf era's Pt 0I- looking at things. The widow seemed 'L iieartlcss more from stupidity than from uositivc badness of disposition; or «ther she had too little sense to avoid tkn.itii"' to the whole world how small the capability of J feeling with which was endowed. _ ' Wlnt surprises mo," said Dora, when she had steadied hor voice so as to be able to speak without showing her emotion, " what sur- ce3 n)0 is that anyone knowing Captain Frerc't should over for one moment ima- iitifl that he is capable of such a crime. Per- Sb I ought to tdl you," she added with a ccfi iin pride in her tone, " that Captain ierc't and I are engaged." « What do you say?" screamed Mrs. BeJieru " Engaged to him. Poor thing. I m so «nrry for you. But, of course, you will trgak it off at ouce. " 1 have no desire to breakthe engagement," said Horn, quietly. At thi« point Miss Dangerfield rose, yawned ostentatiously, went over to a table where some xiairi'ics were lying, turned theui over, selected one, mid without troubling hersolf to batoiv a liarling look at Mrs. Hodfem's visitor, sbwlv went out of the room. " V. hv does Miss Dangerfield dislike me so, Jit Hcdtcrn ?" asked Dora, gladof an excuse forch-memg the subject. Tiic widow gave a sharp glance at tho door of (he room to make sure it was properly closed before she answered : " \\\ oil. 1 have sometimes thought sho had a fr your beau," she answered, with a little nod. (Mrs. Redfern was very fond of joins a r reach word now and then, when, she fancied she could do so with impunity.) Bora opened her eyes. ' Mr dear Mrs. ltedfern, I am so sorry to hear this. I do hope you are wrong." "I don t think I am." "I had no idea of such a thing. On the contrary, I have fancied sometimes that there was sometliing between her and Mr. Bans.' Onlv on one side," answered Mrs. Eedfern vnth another sagacious nod. "Between our selves 1 think lie is a very good match for Onna : but she persists in turning up her nose athim." " so Dr.Eedfem can hardly have stood in his assistant s way in this matter," thought Dora toncrscli. "Dr. Davis is still staying hero, I suppose she added aloud, for something beneriosay. On. ves, it was necessary that the practice fh'.ula lie kept together. 1 fancy that Mr. Panic, my poor husband's executor, you taoiv. will make an arrangement to sell the practice right out to him. After all, he knows the pauunts, and a stranger might have a eiSiu.tv in reaching them, as there would be bo one to introduce hint personally. 'But it would not have been my husband's wish that Br. ktvis should succeed him." Bora Imil hardly been listening to the widow's talk, bheliad been thinking how baseless the idea had been which suggested that Dr. Davis could luve any interest in causing the death of lib employer, and wondering in what other quarter she was to seek a clue to the mystery, when she found that Mrs. ltedfern was pausing for a reply. Almost mechanically she re peated the widow's last words in tho form of a question. " Oil. Dr. Eedfern did not intend that Dr. Dans should succeed to liis practice ?" " CcnaiiJy not. The fact is, my dear Miss Tramiy.:,;. my husband did not particularly like Dr. Davis. He said lie was shallow and conceited, and rather shirked tho work ; and he had made up his mind to get rid of hini and another assistant." Dora li as fairly startled by these words. She had been a moment ago forced to confess to Mftelnhat her suspicions of Dr. Davis were utterly (groundless, and suddenly it appeared he tail a Motive, and a tolerably strong one, for desiring Dr. Itedferu's death. She was so turj'n-eu that she started visibly, and gave a little err. J' ''i( is it? Is anything the matter?" J'lcd . Eedfern. 0"> nothing. I have been so nervous »lelj,thatl often start at nothing at all." vr m syml'utbise with you, I am sure, s Irc'Myne. When I was engaged to my poor dear l'um — my first husband, you know — ewaM.I for three weekB with small-pox. It wis no-uuig like so had as your trouble, , '. -vet I was so delicate, and il"?'!!'-0'10' t'ie doctors called it, that the ten thing upset me." iJr 1uifcru's sympathy was like salt laid ppii an open wound ; but Dora managed to feekngs, and even to produce some- taug like the ghost of a smile. IMi,-'0IUe0!1<; s:l'd af the inquest that Dr. apau5"1 0I t0 ur:" ste remarked, after l«iii' so- verJ hard, not so as to hurt his enf TV .r.ctu.nied the widow. " But it was M mult if he did not," she added iwl'u " D'fvis did nothing like his vncri work, or just hurried it over. That hhu my Por husband wanted to get rid of Dirb-f'iU 1!arc heen a bad thing for Dr. " n- ile . heeu sent away." i course it would. Especially as there of ,,ral. attraction here in the shape dirwt-v a-"1 ? Eedfern glanced in the field 01 coiling to indicate Miss Danger- rE0 -v'! think," began Dora — it was a Wunn Y. l,ut such a question, hut there Cci,alnmatlve-" do Jou think Dr. Eed- i, .. J gave Dr. Davis notice to leave ?" widoir" u'-f know," retunied the think to , ,m,ay have done so ; but I almost lad p r have mentioned it to me if he of it » 1 u a muth or six weeks since he spoke \- SeSojf/?2'1' to push the matter further, tie lioo subject, and began to speak of costuiko % cliaractor of Mrs. Redfem's flip..'.;, a,':U when that matter had been a don! ufscussed, she brought her visit to rtas evidently to ascertain at tl o , -"avis was unaer notice to leave How w ,ft5 - tlf- Eedfern's death or not. Luke i\ to he done?' To interrogate She wrnio S i se was out of the question, hwrer n ' wever, to Mr. Jenner ; and the answered her letter in person. teUhfinnEi ennei' heard what Dora had to Kme 'eccmdo VCr-'T SJave, and did not reply for Gainer " heard something .too, Mr. "Ill a" " -i see it your face." WrroLorX0' '1G rel'hed ; " and my information fellow to Gil,rs" t engaged a very sharp butler n„i i he acquuintiuice of Bankes, tlie seems tint na?1 what lie could from him. It two or J.ukes has a club, to which he goes 10 tioovr..;? 2? a week for an hour or two to the e'lii, . -Erown, my man, got admitted tally, pp. 2 j, l)umped Bankes most scientin- hetween ill i?Ine there was a perfect harmony tanilv «... ,10 fuemhers of Dr. Eedfern's JkvLe'n, I, between Dr. Davis and Dr. VeiOr iim 1 1, e'der doctor seemed to Liunt aa;,;,.UF ,, e had, some ground of com- ®-scnbe5«« , younger; while Davis he "ie coolilr.c.u y an<I ready to take offence. Would liarilh-Was fuarked that at times they fUetat t. ifi''63 t each other, except when t),.„ , v luBankes's opinioutheyoimg Went c-.nsiAr.5i- he was not treated with snfii- sdor tkrm.E ;?1' and respect, while the old v5 Plac" it . i hfs assistant was not fit for Was lai,.,. .-13 r that Davis imagined that what Ar"1® u,'1ldor an injustice. , Coupled aus indeed.1"' cdfcru tolcl yu it is veiT Dor/'-T ?ery weak of me, Mr. Jenner." 111 Boinlr « . wuui0t tell you how I shrink It TF wtb this." the sni; XUr own idea, Miss Tremayne," " Vou , .cidly. Jfeadiu! .Huh® right. But it seems so taster. q„. acting tho part of a. man- Ceo' us C Davis should he as inno- nisfPMui Everett?" blooded ,nw-ne hiconsistenoy irritated thecold- 5-- -gr. "One or other must be guilty, far as I can Bee," he said, firmly. "But you Will ploase to remember fiiati did not advise this unusual node of proceeding. It is for the prosecution t<) prova Captain Everett's guilt ; ne need not prove hi» innocence bv showing that somebody oho committed the deed." But would not his chance of escape be very much greater if it could he shown that someone else had an interest — as they say he had — inBr. Eedfern's death ?" " Undoubtedly." ' Then T must go on with it. What i3 to he done next ?" i 'le '"gtt thing is to find out whether the notice of dismissal which. Dr. ltedfern thought of giving his assistant was really sent." ' And how can we ascertain that ?" "Of course, it would not do to question Dr. Davis'himself. We must look for documentary evidence. It i'b possible, though not very likely, tnat if Dr. Eedfern gave his assistant a written notice of dismissal he may have kept a copy of it. But thero .is another difficulty. Dr. Eedfern's papers were taken away by the police." A heavy sigh escaped from Dora's lips. On every sido_ there wore doubts, misgivings, ob stacles. If only she had one friend, one sym pathising heart to rest upon. And then her thoughts turned once more, as they often did, to Captain Everett. What support and guidance he would have given in such iime ot difficulty and trouble. But it was he, lying helpless and alone, within tho prison walls, who neodod assistance ; and tho thought nerved the girl's heart once more. He had no one hut herself to help him ! A bright thought struck her. "The police could not keep Dr. Eedfern's papers for ever. They might want to keep some, perhaps, but they would surely send back the rest after looking them through ?" " It is possible, certainly." " Who will get them when they do come back — Mrs. Eedfern ?" " The doctor's executor, Mr. Fayno, would have the custody of them." " Then I will ask him to let me see them." The lawyer smiled compassionately. " I am afraid it is hopeless to expect that he would allowyou to read them," ho said. Dora did not liko tho pitying smile ; but sho took no offence. " Can you think of any other way of find ing out what we want to know ?" sho asked, gravely. " I confess I cannot." " Then I will sec Mr. Payne at once. After all, I can hut try." The lawyer then departed, leaving Dora more depressed in miud than he had found her. Somehow an interview with. Mr. Jenner always had tliis effect on the girl's spirits. Often she was tempted to give up in despair the task of proving her lover's innocence ; hut never so much as when Mr. Jenner's eyes were upon her, and his cold tones sounding in lier ears. Many a time she wished she had a more sympathising adviser ; hut it was im possible to get rid of Mr. Jenner, even if she had known of a more helpful counsellor. CHAPTER XYI. tub suspicion is oowcnacBO. Remembering Mr. Jenner's words, it was with some trepidation that Dora sot out next morning to call on Mr.. Payne. She chose an early hour, as she thought the lawyer would be moro likely to bo disengaged than later in the day ; and as it turned out she ' judged correctly.' After a little delay she 'was shown into Mr. Payne's room. He handed lior a choir, seated himself, took off his spectacles, laid them on his desk, and waited to hear what his visitor had to say. " I believe, sir," said Dora, " you are Dr. Eedfern's executor ?" The old gentleman bowed politely but said nothing. " And I think yon also are, or were, a friend of his nephew, Captain Everett ?" Mr. Payne's face became graveinan instant. He-evcu Hushed slightly. Again he bowed, this time rather more stiffly. " It is for his sake — Captain Everett's — that I am here," said Dora, and as she spoke she knew that she was blusliing painfully. "What was she to say next ? She was so anxious to be sensible and business-like, to put her own sickening fears, her own feelings in the background. But the lawyer was wait ing in silence for her next words. She must 6ay something. " Mr Payne," sho said, abruptly, " do you know whether Dr. Eedfern had dismissed his assistant, Dr. Davis, shortly before he died ?" Dora could not have spoken more to tho point. Mr. Payne was startled out of his com posure. Had he, the executor, allowed an assistant who had been dismissed, or had been thought worthy of dismissal, to carry on the doctor's practice ? He did not like the idea ; and he hardly knew how to answer the ques tion. " What reason have yon for thinking that Dr. Davis had had notice to leave ?" he asked, at length. Dora thought that her best policy was to bo straightforward. " Mrs. Eedfern told me so," she replied. Mr. Payne moved uneasily in his chair. " Told you what ?" he said, almost sharply. " That Dr. Eedfern had intended to "send Dr. Davis away and get another assistant. She doesn't know whether he actually gave him notice to leave ; and I thought perhaps you could tell me." " May I ask what object you have in asking the question?" This was the question which Dora had been expecting ; and her answer — tho best she could tliink of — was ready : " It is necessary I should find out in Captain Everett's interests." " She is no fool, this young lady," was the solicitor's inward comment. And he was right. At that moment Dora was saying to herself, " He looked surprised when I mentioned it. He knows nothing about it, hut he doesn't like to say so." " I thought, perhaps, if the notice to leave had really been given, some mention of it might he found among Dr. Eedfern's papers. May I ask it you have them ?" " Yes, the police returned them. But the simplest way would be to put the question to Dr. Davis himself." " Oh, no, no, Sir. Payne. That would never do." And the girl blushed again at her own vehemence. But the lawyer only nodded gravelv, and said nothing. " I thought perhaps you would let me look over the papers to find tout the truth," said Dora timidly. The solicitor almost jumped out of his chair at this audacious proposal. " What !" he cried. "Oh, impossible— im possible!" Mr. Jenner, then, had been quite right. The way was absolutely barred. But Mr. Payne saw that the tears had come into tho girl's eyes, and his heart softened to wards her. " I'll tell you what I will do," he added after a pause. " I will have all the documents of a recent date overhauled, to see whether there is any ground for this idea. Of course, Dr. Eedfern may have said casually to his wife that he thought of dis missing his assistant, without really intending to do so — or he may have reaEy meant it, and may never have done it. Still, it will be as well to ascertain. I will write and tell you the result of the examination — or, better still, you might call." . Dora rose to her feet. " When shall I call?" she asked. " Oli, in about a week's time," said tho lawyer, as he touched his hell. "A week- — a whole week!" thought Dora. A whole week during which nothing could ho done, and tho day of the trial growing nearer every hour. But there was no help for it. One by one Dora counted the days as they went by ; and on the appointed morning she once more pre sented herself at Mr. Payne's office. Somehow sho thought that the lawyer's manner was stiffcr and colder than it had beeai on her previous visit. " Well, Miss — Miss Tremayne, we have been over those papers, and I may say that we have found nothing to lead us to suppose that your conjecture with regard to Mr. Davis is founded on fact." " Oh, do let me search for myself, sir," she cried, involuntarily springing to her feet. "You don't understand. Captain Everett and I are engaged. I have been to see him in prison. He is innocent — I know he is innocent ; but he may be condemned if " "Sit down, my dear young lady," said the old gentleman in a much kinder tone. " Sit down and try to compose yourself. Why are you so anxious to overhaul these papers?" " Because I want to show that others may have been interested in Dr. Eedfern's death as well as Captain Everett," said Dora, boldly. " My dear youug lady, this is a very serious matter. You should leave such things to Cap tain Everett's lawyers." " But' what can they do ? What do they care ? He has no one hut me— no one " "Well, well, I'll see what can he done. I don't see that there could be any great harm in your looking over the papers if you bring me a note from Captain Everett, saying that lie con siders it necessary for the purpose of liis de fence. But you must not remove any of them. I will give you a room upstairs where you can work undisturbed — imlp« you change your miud and take my clerk's word that there is no mention u£ dismissing Dr. Davis in any of the documents.' Dora could hardly speak her thanks-, and she ' went away fall of hope. Even the smallest ray of light is welcome when the night is black around us. Of course there were delays. Tho note from Captaiu Everett liad to he obtained through Mr. Jenner, and Mrs. Eairfield's very natural scruples and objections had to' bo answered. At length, however, Mrs. Pairfield gave the re quired permission ; and a foggy November morning found Dora seated in a dusty, firelcss little room iii the lawyers office, with a whole pile of letters, documents, and account hooks before her. Of course it was not necessary to search very far hack— two months at most; for Mrs. Eed fern had fixed a month before her husband's death as about the time he had mentioned his intention to her. Dora began with the letters, and patiently waded through some scores of them. Dr. Davis's name did not occur in one of them. Then she went through the hooks- day-book, memoranda, even the cash-book and the counterfoils in the cheque-book— all in vain. After that she took up tho letter-book con taining press copies _ou thin paper of letters written by Dr. Eedfern to various correspon dents. Paticutly Dora waded through them all, paining her eyes to read tho faint and blurred impression in the dull light of tho winter's day; and she came to the last of them without moot ing one word, one hint, of what she wanted to know. This completed the list of the books and documents which she had desired to search. Nearly five hours she had spent over them ; her fingers were' numb with cold; and her heart was heaw as lead With a kind of subdued groan, she let the book fall open on her lap, and covered her face with her hands. Then, withdrawing her hands, she sat staring almost vacantly at the book before her. .'Without knowing what she did, she read the letter at which the book had opened. It was dated 12th September, and was written to a man named Dickinson, at Bristol,- enclosing a prescription. The number of the page, in hold black printed figures, stared her in tho face — oil. Mechanically she turned a page backwards. This was a letter about a surgical instrument which the doctor had ordered aud which had not proved satisfac tory ; it, also, was dated 12th September. She read the letter as if it possessed great interest for her, did so mechanically, as a relief to her over-burdened brain ; and us she finished read ing it she glanced at the number -of the page — 331). "I must have skipped a page; these leaves are so thin," she thought to herself ; aud with a vague desire to see what lay between, she turned the leaf again. No. There was nothing between the two leaves. Where was the leaf numbered 340 ? It was missing. What if tho letter of dismissal had been written, and copied ou tliis missing loaf ? And what if Dr. Davis had searched the letter-hook and torn out the eopy ?" With a flushed face and an excited look in her eyes, Dora made her way to Mr. Payne's room, and placed the book before him. " See !" she cried, " a loaf has been torn out." " So I perceive. Bui what of that? Dr. Eedfern may have spoiled it. - Or he may have taken a copy of some letter aud may have afterwards changed his mind about preserving it, and destroyed the copy on purpose." "Do you think _it means notiiing, then?" asked Dora. " Oh, how can wo tell what it means ?" said the'lawyer, pushing the book away with some irritation. "As evidence, it is absolutely worthless." Thoroughly discomfited, Dora crept away. On her way home she passed through Bolton Square ; and some impulse prompted her to call on Mrs. Eedfern. The widow had helped her already. Might she not do so a second time ? She ran np tho steps and rang the bell. Mrs. Eedfern was at home and alone. " Oh, Mrs. Eedfern !" cried Dora, as soon as they were alone, "I do wish you would help me. " " I will if I can," said the good-natured woman. " What is it ?" "I only want to know whether Dr. Eedfern really did give Dr. Davis notico to leave, or whether he only meant to do it. I can't tell you why, hut it is of the utmost import ance." " Why don't you ask Dr. Davis ? I'll do so, if you like." . " Not just yet; please, Mrs. Eedfern." " Oh, X see ; there is some mystery about it." But Dora did not dare to confide in a person of Mrs. Eedfern's ready tongue. " " Indeed, the secret (such as there is) is not mine. It is poor Captaiu Everett's." " Really ? Well, I know there are things one mustn't be inquisitive about ; I consider it is so vulgar to snow curiosity. Don't you, Miss Tremayne ?" " If I only could find out the truth !" cried Dora. The widow was silent for a moment. " There was a little memorandum-book which the doctor used ti carry about with him in liis watch-pocket," said she, after a moment's thought. " If there is any entry such as you want to find, that would he the place to look for it." "Do you know where the memorandum- book is ?" asked Dora, with breathless anxiety. "The police took' away all my husband's papers — I thought it so horrid of them, and so unnecessary — but this was such a little tiny tiling, they may have overlooked it. I'll go and see if I can find it." Hfc. Eedfern left the room, and iu ten minutes she returned, with a very small memoraudum-book in her hand. " Here it is 1" sho exclaimed triumphantly. "I found it inside a big hook on my dressing- table. It is so thin, yon see ; the book lay quite flat although it was inside. It was by the merest chance that I took up tho book, and it fell out. I fancy tlie doctor must have been readiug, aud slipped in the note-book as a marker, and forgot to take it out." As she talked, the widow was turning over the leaves of the little book. "Do be careful to miss nothing, dear Mrs. Eedfern !" cried Dora, in an agony of im patience. Slowly aud deliberately the widow turned over the leaves. " Here it is !" she cried, suddenly. " Twelfth September. Wrote to L. D., giving liirn notice to leave." " Oh, may I see it ?" cried Dora. Yes; it was there in tlie dead man's own hand writing. "You may think it strange that Dr.Eed fem said nothing to me about it," said tho widow, as she put away the little note-book ; " hut that was just the doctor's fault ; he was so very reserved. I do think one can he too re served ; don't you, Miss Tremayne ?" " Yes ; but I fancy Dr. Sedferu did not wish to disturb you with the prospect of a change, until it was close at hand." "I daresay you are right. My poor hus band was very considerate, too. But I tliink it would be a pity to mention this to Mr. Payne," she added. " Dr. Davis is getting on so nicely ; and it is so much pleasanter to have him in the house than a stranger. ' ' " I shall not say anything to Mr. Payne," answered Dora. ' "I am not, likely to see him again. But don't yon think he ought to know, if he intends to let Dr. Davis have the prac tice r" "I'm sura Idou't know," said the widow ; " I will ask Harvey what he thinks. But perhaps it would bo better not. Harvey is so masterful, and so inconsiderate." Aud, glad to avoid answering still more in convenient questions, Dora bade the widow good evening, and escaped from tho house. ' CHAPTER XVII. X.TTEE DAVIS CONSOLATOE. Olivia Dangerfield had found it impossible to remain in the same room with her '.successful rival— as Dora Tremayne - was in her eyes. "When she left the drawingroom, on the occa sion of Dora's visit to Mrs. Eedfern, it was all she could do to keep the passions which were raging in her breast from appearing in her face. She felt as if she must he alone, and made her way at once to her own room, for getting that it _was just then undergoing a process of cleaning. On reaching it she heard the sound of voices, and suddenly remembered it was no refuge for her. Where could sho betake herself? Hi what corner would she be secure from interruption ? . In the library. Since the doctor's death it had been avoided by every member of the family. No one would disturb her there. Softly descending the stairs, Olivia reachedtho entrance-hall ; and pausing there for a moment, she took from a small closet a large railway rug, for she remembered there would be no fire in the library, and that the room would be as cold as the street on which the snow was falling fast. The library door was locked ; but the key was outside, so that it was easy to open tho door. Then transferring the key to the other side, she locked herself in, and at last found tho solitude she needed. Tlie room was gloomy as well as cold, for the afternoon was waning, and tho blinds were j drawn. Tlie snow outside deadened the sound : of the footsteps of the few people who were i passing, and made the noise of the carriages which occasionally, crossed at the other side of the square dull and distant, as if in a dream. Throwing herself on the" couch — the couch on which a few weeks before Dr. Eedfern's dead body had rested — the girl gave herself up to the Indulgence of her feeling6. There is always a luxury in giving the reiii3 to any strong emotion, even grief itself ; and in Olivia's heart more than one fooling was struggling for predominance. At one moment grief, pure aud mnocentin itself, overcame her. The loss of Captain Everett was more than she could bear ; and. the poor girl foolishly spent, many minutes in recalling his face, hisloots, the kind words he had sometimes spoken to her, the pleasant talk, and the merry laugh with which the room was always brightened whenheenteredit. Howproud she would have been of her soldier-husband. How happy sho would have been with liim, and how happy she would have made him. Then a flood of tears relieved her ; and before they were dried she heard voices and steps in the hall. It was Dora on her way out. This turned Olivia's thoughts into a new channel. How she hated that girl, with her quiet, reserved air, and her dignified carriage. Oladly at that moment would the child-like creature lying ou the oouch have done her rival a mortal injury. She clenched her hands till the tiny nail bit into the skiu, as she thought that she — the girl whom she had never liked, who was a contrast to herself in every particular — should rob her heart of its treasure. She felt as if revenge would be sweeter th«»n the gratification of love itself. And by degrees this bitter feeling spread to the man who had been the cause'of her humilia tion and her suffering. What right had he, after behaving himself so as to cause her to lose her honrt, to seek another ? He wo the one to blame. She hardly knew whether she loved or hated him most. It wai with a savage joy she remembered that he too was suffering. In the midst of her mental Wanderings Olivia heard a footstep, not in tlie hall, but on the steps connecting the library with the surgery. It had not occurred to her that she might be disturbed from that direction. Instinctively she raised herself to a sitting position, and then remained perfectly still. The door opened and Luke Davis entered hur riedly. Going straight to one of the bookcases, he selected a volume, and then, crossing to the window, ho pulled up the blind and began to turn over the leavee of the book he wished to consult. Olivia remained perfectly still. He had not noticed that anyone besides himself was in the room. Perhaps he might go out without per ceiving her. But as he closed the book and took a step toward thebookoase to replace it on the shelf, he caught sight of Olivi, sitting erect and pale on the sofa. So thoroughly was he startled that the book fell from his hand. He stooped to pick it up, and when he raised his head he was blushing like a girl. Olivia gave a little laugh at his discom fiture. "I beg your pardon I am sure, Miss Dan gerfield ; X had no idea you were hero. Don't you find it very cold?" said the young doctor. " Ho, not particularly. I «une her for a little quiet." " Something liai happened to disturb you— to distress you," he said, gently drawing near her as he spoke. " Oh, no," said Olivia, turning her faoe away. - " I wish you would tell me what is troubling you — that is if I can be of any use." Olivia said to herself that she wished the man were gone ; but it was only a pretence. She was feeling very lonely ; and though she could not tell liim tlie oause of her misery, his sym pathy was pleasant to her. " It is nothing of any importance," die answered, still keeping her face averted. " If X only had the right to comfort you," cried Dr. Davis. If Olivia had been told fire minutes before that she would have listened to such words with tolerance, and even with something of com placency, she would have rejected the idea as an insult. But that would only have been because she did not know her own heart. Most people say they are astonished when they heax of a rejected lover marrying somebody else in six months, and they talk of broken hearts- which are easily healed, and so forth. Nine out of ten of tliem would do exactly the same thing. The soul is ns intolerant of pain' as 'is thebody, and when it is injured it craves a healing "salve, as much as doe3 a wounded limb. Pew are strong enough to reject such consolation as they can come by ; and even with them, it is as often pride as any deeper feeling which makes them faithful to an unrequited and barren affection. But Olivia did not intend to accept Dr. Davis's sympathy beyond a certain point. " You are very land," she murmured, still without looking up. Dr. Davis's love had been so long kept on very small crumbs of comfort that he was delighted with this reply. He fancied, too, that it was spoken, in a gentler tone than he had been accustomed to ; end this encouraged him to go on. " You know it would he the dearest wish of my life to guard you from all trouble aud annoyance — from everything which could bring so much as one tear to your eyes," he said' earnestly. Olivia made no reply. It was very gratifying to find that in one heart, at least, she still reigned supreme. If only he would stop at that point of devotion. " Dear Miss DaugerfieliTf" said the young doctor, taking the girl's slender fingers iu his own, " if only you would accept my love. " He could hardly have spoken -better, hut Olivia was not pleased. " I do wish you would not revert to that sub ject," she said, irritably snatching away lier hand. " I am very glau to have your friend ship, and I am grateful for it; but when you - go on iu that way you spoil all." Luke Davis saw that he must be patient. He sighed and turned away. " Surely he null go now," said the girl to herself. But she really did not wish him to go ; aud so long as he could remain near her, Luke Davis had uo mind to depart. ' Wasn't that Miss Tremayne who was calling a little ago ?" he asked, selecting tho first topic that occurred to lnm. "Yes." Dr. Davis was not quick of perception ; hut the tone in which this was said did not escape him. " Olivia dislikes her," he said to himself ; " can it be that she is jealous of her ?" Haifa dozen little things not thought of at the time — tones, looks, unimportant words, smiles — recurred to his memory. He had long before settled iu bis own miud that it must be Captain Everett whom Olivia preferred to him self. If sho was jealous of Dora Tremayne, it seemed clear that it must ho because Captaiu Everett preferred Dora to her. If so, surely that promised well for him — Luke Davis. As tho young doctor turned these things over in his miud, Olivia's thoughts were busy in another direction. All 'the bad paissions which Dr. Davis's presence had dissipated returned in full force at his mention of Dora's name. The light which gleamed for a moment in Olivia's eyes was fierce iu its hate. She even allowed wild, impossible thoughts of revenge to take possession of her mind. Could uot Dr. Davis, she wondered, manage to give this creature a sleeping draught from which she would never wake ? She wondered whether it had really been he who poisoned Dr. Redfern. She told herself that if her lover would consent to he the instrumentof her vengeance her hand should be his reward. She did not really mean it. She did not seriously contemplate marry ing a murderer or becoming one herself, hut it pleased her to gratify the longing for revenge in her heart by indulging in these fancies. " I had an idea that Captain Everett admired Miss Tremayne," said Luke Davis. He said it merely as a'feeler, and he was not prepared for the answer which followed. . ' ' V' " She has engaged herself to him." . - " Is it possible ? Poor thing! " Davis ex claimed, involuntarily. "I don't see why she is to ho pitied," said Olivia, sharply. " Not to be pitied ! Engaged to a man with such' a dreadful charge hanging over his head!" " But .lie must be acquitted. . He cannot he guilty." Then, suddenly struck by something in her companion's face, she. added: " You do not suppose for a moment that he is really guilty?" " Oil, of course not." " Dr. Davis, do you really mean that people generally do tliink liim guilty ?" " I am afraid they do," was the answer, given after a little hesitation. , "But why should suspicion light upon him any more than upon you or me, or anyone else iu the house " Because he'had an opportunity, at least he may have had an opportunity, of administering then oison." "... ""But you had that, and Bankes, the butler, as well as be." " Miss Dangerfield," said the doctor in alow tone, " there is an olil proverb that is a pretty sure guide in such cases. It bids us ask Cut bono ? — that is, Who would benefit by it? Now, any one might reap some benefit acciden tally, as it were, by another's death; hut, apart from that kind of thing, what member of the family stood to profit by the death of the poor old gentleman? Not Mrs. Eedfern, cer- ! tainly, nor you, nor any of the servants. Nor Harvey Prescott. He did not take 'anything under his stepfather's will, and he knew he would take nothing, as he hail means of his own. Dr. .Eedfern did not stand in his way in the slightest degree. Then there is myself and Captain Everett. I put myself out of the qu stion; for even had I desired to give the poison, I had no opportunity of doing it— and for that matter, the only one, practically, who bad the opportunity was Captain Everett. "But the point is this. Captain Everett wns the one to benefit by his uncle' death. He knew that his uncle hud made a new will, by which he was (so to say) cutoff with a shilling; and he knew that that will only needed his uncle's signature." "But " "I know what you are going to gay — that they were reconciled that evening. But how- are we to know that ? Supposing that Captain Everett were really guilty, do you think it likely that he would admit that he left the house that night unreconciled to his uncle ? The admission would have put the rope around his neck at once. If the reconciliation did not take place, it is plain that Dr." Redfern's death meant wealth instead of -ooverty for his nephew — and the old man dies of poison half an hour after his nephew leaves the house !" For some moments Olivia said nothing. By this time it had become nearly dark ; it was too dark for Dr. Davis, who stood a little way off, toee the expression of her face. "Then what weighs so heavily against Cap tain Everett is, that it is supposed he had a strong reason for desiring his uncle's death ?" " That and the fact that he knew where the poison was kept, and that he alone had the op portunity of administering it." - "But if it could be shown that Dr. Redfern and he really did part good friends i" " I should think that would secure his ae- quittal. I don't see how any jury could con vict him if that were proved. But how could it be proved F" "Dr. Davis, it is getting very dark," said Olivia, suddenly. " Heolly, I ought uot to stay here any longer, hut I find thi3 chat with you lias done me so much good ; it has qnite driven my headache away." And almost before the young doctor could utter a parting word Olivia had reached the door. With a single adroit movement she turned both the handle and the key at the same moment, so that her companion should not be able to perceive that the door had been locked ; and then, having gained the hall, she hastily retreated to the upper part of tho house. CHAPTER XYIIL x kew piece of xvxdbkce poems up. It was with pardonable pride that Dora told Mr. Jenner the result of her researches among Dr. Eedfern's papers. She was so anxious to communicate the important news of the diary that she did not put off lime by sending forth# lawyer, but coaxed Mrs. Eairfield to let her pay him a flying visit in person. "I saw tlie little memorandum-book my self," said Dora, as she told her story ; " and I saw it was in Dr. Eedfern's own handwriting. Dou't tliink that I hriug any charge against Dr. Davis," she added, suddenly. " He may be as innocent as you or I. But, as I under stand it, Captain Everett' danger arises greatly from this — that he had (or may have had) a motive for wishing for his uncle's death. Now I oan show that somebody else had such a motive as well as he. Then thera is the leaf torn out of the letter-book on the very date of the entry in the little diary — tha 12th of Sep tember." Mr. Jenner nodded gravely. In truth, he was thinking that he would almost change places with Everett, if only ho had such a lovely advooate to give her brain and heart and tongue in his cause. And, indeed, Dora did look beautiful, in spite of her thin cheeks and the dork spots under her eyes, as, her cheeks flushed with the excitement of hope, she poured forth her little story. " There can be no question that you have made a most important discovery, Miss Tre mayne," said the lawyer, atlength. "But I am afraid that it will lose half its force unless we can show?that Dr. Davis was in tlie library, or, at least, that he might have been there, after the coffee was brought into the room. Captain Everett said at the inquest, you will remember, that he could not recollect whether Dr. Eedfern had drunk his coffee before he left the library to accompauy his nephew to the hall door, or not. I will see Captain Everett again, and ask him to try" to refresh his memory on that point. Everything turns upon it, you see." . " But lie would not bo able to give evi dence, would he?" asked Dora, timidly. " No ; but what he could say would be most useful for" cross-examination. There is one otherpoint," added Mr. Jenner, as Dora rose to go. " I think it would be prudent to give notice to the Crown authorities of the existence of this diary or memorandum-book. If it were sprung upon them at the trial they would do 'what they could to throw doubt upon its authenticity ; and, in fact, it would come before the Court with a certain aroma, as it were, of suspicion attaching to it. Mrs. Red fern (lid not wilfully conceal it from the police, did she ?" " She found it accidentally, only last night," said Dora. " Then she has no reason to ohjectto show ing it to them. I will mention it at tlie office of the Solicitor to the Treasury. And I will see whether Captain Everett's memory can recall the information we want ; and let yon know tlie result." That very day Mr. Jenner visited the prison, and questioned and cross-questioned his client, all to no purpose. Captain Everett did not remember Dr. Davis coming into the surgery while he was there. Had Dr. Davis been there he would certainly have noticed it at the time, and would probably have remembered it.' Yes ; Dr. Eedfern stood with him at the hall door a good while — perhaps three or four minutes. But on tlie all-important point whether Dr. Eedfern took the coffee before he accompanied his nephew to the door or not, Captain Everett could not speak with certainty. He had seen Dr. Eedfern make the coffee m the glass machine ; but lie could not remember seeing him drink it. When Captain Everett heard of tlie exertions which Dora had made for him the tears sprang into his t eyes, and for a moment he could not trust himself to speak. But when the lawyer told him of the discovery of the entry in tlie memorandum-book antf of the 'missing leaf in the letter-hook he was fairly startled. " I could not have believed it," lie said at length. Could not have believed what ?" " That Dr. Davis could have done such a thing. He always seemed to me a civil, plea sant fellow — a little weak, perhaps, but with no harm in him. The fact is, continued Everett, "Iliad a suspicion before that Davis must have had something to do with it ; hut I put it from me and mentioned it to no one." "If it was his object to get Dr. Eedfern's practice, he has succeeded," said the solicitor. " I am told that he has established himself in yourunclo's place by this time. Well, I think things, look much brighter for you now." And with these words the lawyer took his leave. Prom the prison Sir. Jenner went to the office of, the Solicitor to the Treasury, and asked for an interview with the official -who was charged with thexirosecutionof Captain Everett— a Mr. Brady. " I have called," said Mr. Jenner as he took his seat, " to inform you of a circumstance that has come to our knowledge — to the knowledge of the defence, you understand— in this case. You may remember the name of a Dr. Davis, who was Dr. Eedfern's assistant, and lived in liis house ?" Mr. Brady nodded. "Now.it is one of your strong points against my client that (excepting for his own assertion) there is nothing to show that he had not a very- strong interest in his uncle's death." Mr. Brady nodded again, preserving a grave, impassive look. " It now turns out that this Dr. Davis, who, as well as Captain Everett, remember, knew that this poison was kept in the surgery, had also a very strong interest in desiring the death of his employer. Ho had a very good position at Dr. Eedfern's, and, uo doubt, looked forward to succeeding to the practice. And he had a private reason for wishing to continue being an inmate of the doctor's establishment. But we have every reason to believe that he had received notice of dismissal, aud that tlie notice had .only a few days to run at the date of Dr. Eedfern's death. It was a question for him of an assured position and a comfortable in come, against being turned out into the world, with, I fancy, not very flattering testimonials." (to be c0xti2o7ed.) Tholatest statistics of Krupp's .establishment lire supplied in a hook just published at Essen. In 1S33 it had nine workmen ; in 184S, seventy- four. In July, 1888, it employed 20,900, of whom 13,626 were at Essen, aud, including the families of the workmen, it supported a popula tion of 73,769 souls, of whom 24,193 lived in the houses it provides. There are at Essen 1,195 furnaces of various constructions, 28G boilers, 92 steam hammers of from 100 to 50,000 lalogs., 370 steam engines with a total of 27,000 horse power, 1,724 different machines, and 361 cranes. Of coal and coke 2,735 tons aro used daily, and ! elevetfhigli furnaces of tlie latest constructions produce nearly 600 tons of iron per day. 