CICEIJY DENNISON'S LOVE I VlWMJ* UJhnnAOVn » W . u i STORY. Br MRS. R. S DE C. LAFFAN (MBS. LEITH-AOAUS). Author of Aunt Hepsey"8 Foundling," " Geoffrey (Stirling," <fcc. CHAPTER HI.—(Concluded.) Why, to any stranger would be accorded so much grace! And does not every one know what a friend the Captain of the Coastguard has been to the Dennisons of Heron'narst? Quite a tame oat, in and oat of the hoase just as he liked. If his life is given bick to those who love him, I will take the precioas news into my keeping, garner it in my heart, and turn my face homewards contentedly. As I near the Station House, the round white atones, in which the figure of the ship is traced above the door, shine in the moonlight The dcor is ajar, every window is alight. "Lord bless us, be it yoa Miss Cissilyr' says old Grim, wavering oat into the narvow eravel pathway to meet me, " looking so scared too, same as if yo'd seen a boggart or Bum mat wus . . Come in—come in— happen it will comfort f Uttle maister tosee yo eh bo'tok'ing on terrible, U11» wee ladhe wur mighty fond of f fayther. It war a | picture to see the two on 'em, as many and many a time I've said to my missus. . . ." Grim spoke of this great love between father and son as if it were a thing—past Has then fate played me the cruellest trick of all ? Is the world to be for me for ever a desolate wilderness, for lack of one whose presence could have mado barreneaf wute " blossom a* the rose?" "Grim—tell me—^ow is it with ypur master We are told that in olden days s criminal, ;with bead pfcone upon the blo«, prayed for the blow to fall sharp, and sure, and awift I feel like the criminal, and Grim—poor old Grim—on wavering, grey-atoskinged, spin die -shanks—stands by like the exeoationer, I looking at him with intent to entreat him «o do his offioejquickly. | 1 Oh! mortial—Misa Cisaily—mortial," he crraks, swaying aboat with exoitemeat wid self-importance as he speaks; he be lying Stark and stiff, wi' 's face all blaok and blae. and never a stir oat of him. He's terriblest sight as ever I see, since I fast come to Sandicombe, which be's seventeen year come next. . . ." " Drat the man!" here puts in Mrs. Grim, appearing suddenly aa if expelled from the hoase by a spring. " I tell yo' what it is. Grimshaw, you're a reg'lar old ghost, and on y fit to be buned out o sight o all sensible folk—that's what you are! Gonna yo see as 1 yo've turned the poor lady fair sqairmy, wi' your blacks and your blues? Go along wi' yo\ do, and fetoh a glass of water, or I'll warm ye up a bit soon as I've time to put my bond tot'job." Thus adjured. Grim, mumbling, waggles u dawna u^n me that, oyster-shells ^ and London pride, ^ . fI hbad Mbest t ^ go in and sit me down. Indeed, Mrs. Grim soon has me by the arm, and leads me into the little parlour on the right before I know what she is about, and plumps me down on a hard and slippery horsehair sofa, vowing she mast g 0 "anf«ek out some duck's feathers and burn them under my nose, if I don't show promr, t 6igna o£ " coming to," Eitner this ghastly threat or the cold water that Grim himself presently brings (spilling half of it on the way), or the sound of a low, continuous sobbing hard by, soattsrs the mists of faintness that had began to gather about me. I catch hold of Mrs. Grim'a hand—which is like hoia and won't bend, bat is still something haman to cling to—and put that perturbed woman to the question, " Is there any hope for your master?'' I say, with a gasp, of which I ?m heartily ashamed. "O, yes,*' says the good woman, "they've opes—the doctors haven't give up 'opes of the poor, dear crater. They've better 'opes now than they had an boar ago." : " Better hopes now than they had an hoar ago—better hopes now than they had an hour ago." What wine, however potent, could send the blood coursing through my veins like these few simple words ? What nectar coald make my Iieart leap up and throb, so bring the coloar rushing to my ohee<u, so tarn all the drenohed, wind-shaken world of the night to fai*yland, as the hearing of the story of those precious hopes, which Mra. Grim so cruelly mangles, and yet oannot spoil their charm and completeness? " Donnot yo' tak' on so, Miss Cisaily—we mnat put our trust wfcere trust iB doo," continues the good woman, looking at me somewhat curiously, as well she may, for I am catching my breath, half laughing and half orying, and altogether letting myself get the better of my reason in moat ridiculous and feeble fashion. " God is oar master, and we man be bid by Him, and tag' what He sends wi' a calm sough. You've got npsetted— that's what it is—properly upsetted—any f ale can see that" Again oomes that aad, faint sound of sobbing; and I tara my head to listen. The sound does not come from far away—only across the passage; only from the little room where stuffed fishes—their skins unnaturally shiny, and their eyes ever goggling fearfully— swim in mimic seas among impossible marine plants, the room that little Francois loves because of the many ourioas maritime treasures it holds, and where he has now •ought haven in bis bitter grief. God forgive me! What a monster of sel fisbness has my own pain turned me to I Here have I been dwelling on my own sorrow—my fears—my self-npbraidings—my mad regrets—and all the while this motherless one has been fighting his little battle alone. That's the way the crater's bin takin' on ever sin' be saw the father carried ia . . ." begins Mis. Grim, as a louder barst of sob bing comes to us across the passage: but Grim, still holding the tumbler, and craftily standing on the biggest splash he has made so that the misaie's keen eye may not search it oiut, has been effaoed long enough. So he puts in his word— ." His face be's all black and blue, an'over? manner o' coloar, samn as a mackerel Mrs. Grim looks at her man steadily—and before that meaning glance he falls gradually back as one before the fire of the enemy, and BO, tumbler in hand, disappears, aaving me the trouble of asking Mm to stand out of the way and let me pass. ; 1 am soon in the room across the passage—I soon hold a little, sob-shaken form in my arms. ; Francois is lying all his length upon the floor, his tangle of golden curls prone upon a silver fox skin, wbich at all times he loves, and now has taken refuge in. "Francois, Francois — Oh, my darling boy!'' I cry, sobbing for company, as I lift the golden head to my breast, and gather the child in my arms. "It ia Cissy—your own friend. Cissy—my sweet one do not cry like that I" Francois was never like other children— n^ver _ a bit! He lifts a little tear-stained. troubled face from the shelter of his two wee l!—j- —a inni.. mA iw.n.iv nnrf sinAatSftn. I man- "'Where is pour sweetheartV he says, gravely; " you do not love as any more; I Dad says so. Go away. Cissy. I am crying BO that God may bear me, and be very sorry for me, and give me back my Dad." Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings we may learn many a lesson of a perfect faith. Bat I havent it in me to think of. the ohild's words at the time. All my soal rises up in protest as I listen to his heartless words. This is then how it is—Ludovick Heaeker has believed that all my heart was given to another; that I did not love him and little EVancois any more. If he were now to pass into the silence of the Silent Land, that would have been hiu last utterance concerning me — his last thought 7 of Cicely Dennison, for whom he once cherished the sweet madaess that niortala call love. These thoughts are too bitter, they sting and Into, as might the thongs of a cruel lash; they plough deep farrows in my hears, and every farrow bleeds. . . . : For oroe I let myself go; all my powers of self-discipline, acquired through such long training of never-ceasing daily worries, fail me. I hug poor frightened Francois to me in a sort of frenzy; I kiss his tossed curls, his quivering mouth, his drowned eyes, and in between that rain of kisses co-ne hot words full of protest, and of pleading. _ " It is not true, Fran coil, it is not trae; I have no sweetheart, dear, except my own sweet boy. I do love you—dear—my dear— with all my heart—with all my sad—sad heart." But Francois is not satisfied even with this dole of love. " And Dad, too?" he says, holding a little back, and choking down a sob. " Yes—yes—and Dad too—Dad too! Both of you, my darling—I love both of you!" Then I look up to see Mrs. Grim standing in the doorway, with a strange expression of end den comprehension on her hard old face, and there ia Grim wavering aboat in the passage beyond, and trying to see and hear what he can through any chance interstices her massive form may leave available. With a muttered " Lord ha' many!" the good woman disappears, overturning poor " Peeping Tom" against the passage wall as she goes; and when she has shut the door upon us two, I can bear her rating him for a " meddling old scarecrow, fit for nought bn' to be set ap on end t' scare f bards away"— a compliment he would resent, bat is evidently shored precipitately into some loner: most, household recess, and looked in for greatereecunty. There—by the glow of the firelight—sit Francois and I. The skins of the imprisoned fish shine with a changeful and ghastly radianoe in the flicker; their eyes stare at us stonily. I hold the child in <ny lap, and the golften locks lie baok upon my breast. Francois has cried so long and so bitterly that he is weary. The cry of the child-heart has gone up to heaven so persistently that it must needs now fall to silence. The blue eyes are half closed. The month, set in said lines moet piteous to see in such a baby face, quivers now and again as the sobs, that are the aftermath of his weeping, come and go. Francois is falling asleep. I hold him tenderly. I fancy he ia quite at rest, when suddenly be opens his eyes wide and puts aa unexpected question. " Is Mrs. Tarnboys a wicked story. Cissy dear!" But I only say " Hush !" and kiss the lips that question. Neither do I enquire what train of thought has led Francois to Mrs. Turnboys. I know all about it well enough, and smile to think what that good woman's feelings would be if she could see me now. At last the ohild falls fast asleep ; but not before we „„ have prayed God „„„ together to give ^~ d '' b a c k ' t ' 0 his little son, while my heart ^ Sitting s.ttina there th«™ in the firalio firelight, with Francois asleep in my arms, I can hear at intervals in the room above the sound of steps and voices. I want to strengthen the hands of thoBe who fight with death, who wrestled for the gift of a precious life. Bat words will not come to me; there is high a turnout in my soul, et—as the^ mother reads the child's inarticulate cry, so can God read the thoughts of the heart, and register them above as prayers. 