: DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. {From our own Correspondent.) After the meeting of the men's branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family on Monday last, a preliminary meeting was held in the Catholic library for the purpose of taking steps to hold a general meeting of Catholics to assist the Redemptorist Fathers in the erection of their'; monastery near Rallarat. Mr. J"; Case^ Was voted to the chair. The Rer. Fr. O'Farrell (Superior ,of the New Foundation in Ballarat) and the Rev. Fir. Piunkett, C.S.S.R., were, present.; The chaurman having explained the object ,of the meetiDg, it was resolved' that "a general meeting of the' Catliolics of Ballftrat should be held at an early diy in St. Patrick' s Cathedral to take-steps to assist thef Redemptorist Fathers; in the,' 1 erection of their.new.monastery.,, A!num r bpr of handsome eubscriptionsyyere madp j at the meeting, aijd several gentlemen spoke in the, warmest manner' of the: claims of the Fatheirs'upon the Catholics Of Ballarat, and : 'exptessed their• belief: that'their appealfbr aid' to their Monastery, would be!liberally responded to. Messrs. Jaines Ooghlan, J.P., abd R. Wrlgley were added ; to the. executive cojmmittee. .The meeting closed with a yo|e of thanlcs to the chairman. A meeting of the executive bomi&ttiee; took place immediately afteiwards.' A plan wfcs'laid 1 before them, dividing Ballarat, city: and town, and Sebastopol :ihto Idistricts. with the view of, appointing collectors, toJeach. to solicit, subscription? towards the erection.of; tb,e monastery.; ft was (jleemed jadvisable jthat no ^teps inould be taken in reftrehce thei-ettf till alterthb general'me^tjlog. ', ' '> m . • 1 In connection with the fabove I'have jiist learned ^that'Mr..' Martin Loughlin, GTiP., with , his^ usual:: : gehe^osLty; has ^contributed : the i handsome snm; pi, £JjQ(> pf the Catholics df the 1 city will follow the exampleAO ^t^Uy Setihttn.' 7 ' ' 'The new additions'to the<3ollege Off the Holy Ghost iii' lSturt-strefct' itie fastj approaching bompletaonl. A; largei nun'.' ;ber, of, tradesmen iare, in <ppsse$sioi^p^ this; premises, Bnd. Irap^erstand,' ttiat,W tijp! 19jth of Febparyj ev^thing. tstJI. .pej ready to receive' the numerous | student's who B^e 1 eager • to put'' themfeelViBB'ffiia'eir the guidance tho Fatos. 3 ' deafly! one hundred bf ' them have Entered ' their names on' the ^Gollege -books';! :. Greit; o»dit is<dueTtorthe,Bishop foriihajring, so well understpod ,tbe wantsi pf^ibis 1 an Jnstitutiph, ' which seems cLestuieid! new dormitories, which ore so thoroughly adapted tothe requiremeptS jOf -this country. They are 80ft.m length, 26ft. in breadth, and 22ft. in height, with'a moist perfect syitem of ventilation. 'The infirmaries and bath-rooms are fitted' Hp with all modern improvements, i The beautiful new chapel, thestudy hall; .the class-rooms, the library, the .dining hajUt, form, together with the senior and jpnior dormitories and the cloisters,, a very iniornament ' ' and " attraction — to the fa8tposing structure, and will prove agr'e^t ' Advancing city of Ballarat. The Work has been pushed on with a pluck and energy which promises Well for. the future of the college,-and is, as it ypere, an earnest of the. spirit which will animate and guide the new institution. From what has been achieved in the material structure in so short a time, it is clear that this will be no "Sleepy Hollow" or " Castle Indolence." 