; . IN NORMANDY. Br "THE VAGABOND." No. II. Tho old patriotic song oE Ma Kormandic 1 Ma HormandieJ lias nothing in tho English language to compare with it; -except porohance seme o£ the lays of Bums, whose Low land Scottish is . hut a dialect of English. Many of my friends in tho Caledonian Society will perlinps reject witli scorn the statement that thoy are only a branch of tho English race, Edinburgh itself being a com pletely English town founded by the great Saxon king in whose reign it was said " a woman with her babo might walk scathless from sea to sea in Edwin's reign." The Scottish Gaels, like tho Irish Celts, have now hardly a language, Gaelic becoming daily ijiore and more obso lete, and Erse being spoken only ..in the roughest wilds of Conncmara. Irish patriots' are obliged to set forth thoir wrongs in the lan guage of the oppressor. The patois of Nor mandy, then, stands in its relation to the French language tho samo as Lowland Scotch does to pure English. But thore is a better known song, En avant la Normandic / of a comio and scurrilous character, and ,vtho . simi larity of rliymo prevents mo ever turning our motto, ' ' Advance -Australia, " into En avant L' Australic, for fear the rest of tho verse should bo transposed, and even in song my adopted country bo temporarily hold up to con tempt. Normandy deserves all the praiso which poets can give it. It is a peaceful agri cultural and pastoral province. The country has more of an English appearance than any other part of tho Continent. The thatched farm houses, built of rubble and mortar, .with heavy cross beams of wood, are just the samo ns you will still see in many parts of England. Tho small fields and high hedges, the magnificent orchards and the fat kine browsing in the mea dows are quite English. The farmers, clean shaven, but for a little whisker, are of tlio English type. They walk witli the stolid pace of the English yeoman. Our English type is in fact the Norman type. Some historians have said that the best qua lities of tlie English race come from the Nor mans. I am not quite prepared to admit this, although I am quite prepared to admit with Professor Green, the historian whom I love best, that "a walk through Normandy teaches one more of tho age of our history than all the hooks ill tho world. The whole story of the conquest stands written in the stately vault of the minster at Caen, which still covers tho tomb ot the Conqueror. The name of each liamlet by the roadside has its memories for English 'cars; a fragment of castle wall marks the home of the Bruce ; a tiny little village preserves the name of Percy. The very look of tho country and its people seem familiar to us ; the peasant in ilis cap and blouse recalls the build and features of the small English farmer ; tho fields about Caen, with their dense hedgerows, their elms, their apple orchards, ore the very picturo of an English country side, pn the windy heights around rise tho square grey keeps which Nor mandy handed on to the cliffs of IUchmond or the banks of Thames, while huge cathedrals lift themselves over tho rod tiled roofs of little market towns, the models of the statelier fabrics which superseded the lowlier churches of Alfred or Dunstan." But our free England really was founded by tho invaders from Slcswick, the Saxons and the Jutes, who destroyed tlie Roman rule and the Roman religion in Groat Britain. In Britain, a contnry after the landing of Hcngisfc on tlie island of Thanot, Rome died almost into a tradition. " Tlie new England was a heathen country. The religion of Woden and Thunder triumphed over the religion of Christ. Alone among the German assailants of Rome, the English rejected the fnith of tho empire they, helped to overthrow. Elsewhere the Christian priest hood served as mediators between the bar barian and tho conquered. Here tlie rage of tlie conquerors blunt fiercest against tiio clergy. River and homestead and boundary, tlie very days of the week, bore the nnmes of tlie new gods who disjilaced Christ. But if England seemed for tlie moment a waste from which all the civilisation of tho world had fled away, it contained within jtsolf tlie germs of a nobler life than that which had been destroyed. The baso of the now English society was tlie "freeman," whom we have seen tilling, judging and sacrificing forhimself in the fnroff fatherland by tlie Northern Sea. However roughly he dealt while tho struggle went 011 with tlie material civilisation of Britain, it was inqiossihle that such a man could be a more destroyer. 'War was 110 sooner over tlian tlie warrior settled down into tho fanner, and tho homo of tlie peasant churl rose beside the heap of goblin haunted stones that marked the site of tlie villa lie had burnt. Tlie English kinsfolk settled in groujis over tlie conquered country, as the lot fell on each, no longer kins folk only, but dwellers in the same plot, knit together by their common holding within tho same bounds. Each little village commonwealth lived tho same life in Britain as its farmers had lived at home. Each had its moot hill or sacred tree as a centre, its ' mark' as a border ; each judged by witness of tlie kinsfolk, and made laws in tlie assembly of its wise men, and chose Its own leaders among the ' Eoris' for peace or war." " Tlie Saxons wore a beastly, drunken lot," sail tlie knickerbockered tourist whom I left at Hoinflour. IVe certainly read that on the even ing of the battle of Hastings, . Harold and his followers held " wassail " till late into the night, while William the Bastard and Ills army devoted themselves to prayer. A "spree" is certainly had training for a fight, but I have an idea that the Con queror, having only just landed, had not been able to obtain sufficient liquor for his army to give eacli man a square drink. Whether lie would have won the battle if lie bad devoted tlie evening hours to wine instead of to prayer is an open question. Some centuries later another celebrated battle was lost through Richard tlie Third drinking heavily on tlie eve of Bosworth. Sbnkspeare clearly shows that tho "Crooked Backed " King had n fit of delirium tremens on that occasion, under which circumstances he was hardly likely to display good generalship on the morrow. No actor lias yet realised this reading. There are a good many temperance lectures to be got from Shakspearc. The drunkenness of Cassio caused Dosdemona's interference, and excited the jealousy of Othello. Lady Macbeth and her husband were both drunk at the murder of.Dnncan, and Richard the Third was drunk .and "bad 'em again " when he refused supper aud called for wine and then saw ghosts. If the Normans were sober at Hastings they have since vastly improved, for the Norman farmer of to-day will on occasion drink as woil as the best. Tlio common drink of tlie people is cider. Each little farmer makes his own, and on a hot day's tramp there is nothing better than a pint of good Normaii cider. Cidrc is tlie best apple juice, bnt boisson is tlie com mon drink, a sort of small boor, very weak and sour, but to tlie credit of the Norman farmer bo it said that he always gives tlie passing traveller cidrc and not boissson. Tile people are as hos pitable as Australians. I11 my yo'TOger days I have tramped over Normandy with knap sack on back, and in many of the farm' houses have been feasted on fruit and sweet wholesome bread and rich butter and cheese, as the accompaniment to a brown jug of cidrc,' which had been brought to mo when I, had halted to nsk for a drink of-wator. Coming from Euglnnd, whore people are so suspicious of strangers, it at first struck me witli tlio greatest surprise .when on thus asking for water I was treated to a friendly feast. I remember liow awkward I felt at reaeiving hos pitality 'which I thought I did not merit, and liow I tried to slip a couple of francs into tlio hand of the little daughter of the house as she sat 011 my knee admiring my watch chain. Tho indignation of the honest Norman farmer and his wife at this brenoh of manners on my part taught mo a lesson for the future. Sinco tho Franco- Prussian war the Norman farmers are not so prosperous as they were and linvo to study littlo economics,, but thoy are still a fine manly people, who possess some tff tho best qualities of our race, although I do not »dmit that our best qualities come through tlieir sjnoestors. In one tiling, however, there is a very great difference between Normandy and England. Yon see tho Norman farmer it is true, but he is » man of middlo age. Tlio majority of workers in tho field are always women. Eve was never intended by Nature to lie a tiller of tlie soil, and this hard manual labor in the opcit .fields soon deprives the, young women ot their fair and rounded charms, and stamps thorn with an early coarseness. Thore ore only a few young men here ; all tlie youth of tho country is away serving in. the army. Some of the conscripts will return ill the coming years to till their native fields. Borne, alas ! will leave their bones to mark tlie site of somefaroff battlefield, or die of fever in N e w Cale donia or Algeria. In every train, at every station, soldiers are to be seen. Tlie conscript, proud of his new uniform, and tho prestige it gives him, full of hope that somo day he may win a field marshal's baton, as soldiers of tlie Republic and of the Empire, of no better birth than these Normanby farmers' sons, have done. _ There is tlio " old moustache " whose experience tolls liim that there is scant chanco of tho conscript's hopes being realised, and who holds that the best part of a soldier's life consists in the oppor tunities it givc3 him to obtain "L'amour, cigares el cognac." In all the Frenoli private soldiers, from conscript to sergeant, I sco a wonderful change within the last 20 years. They appear to bo better fed, they seem better drilled and carry thomselvcsmoro like men, tlieir uniforms and appointments are in better order, aud in morale there is a wonderful advance. Tlie French soldier of to-day seems to me infinitely superior in every respect to tlio soldier of tlio Empire. In Paris one of course sees crack regiments, but 111 travelling through tlie provinces, as I am now doing, and noting tho French soldier at tho small garrison towns, or en route, I get a fairer judgment of the pre sent status of the army, and as one who at one time thought himself an expert, I unhesitatingly say that the Frenoli soldier seems now superior to the British soldier. Of tiio German army I will offer no opinion, but my friend, Mr. Charles 'Williams, tlie well known war correspondent, who lias just returned from tlio autumn manoeuvres, assures me that tho German troops are tlie finest in tho world. So much the worse for France if it is so. Per haps so much tlio worse for Englnrld. It is in the matter of officers that the French army is weak. In the French navy they have some of the truest gentlemen and best offi cers in tlie world, but the ordinary French officer ot a line regiment is not a superior being. Outside tlie regu lation duties of liis profession, he lacks know ledge and education. There is no doubt that he is brave enough physically, but lie is generally very inferior from a mental point of view. At Lisioux, where I change trains and halt for a time, there is a regiment of fine, strapping, red trousered sol diers, but the officers tiro not equal to the men ; you can sec that they drink too much absinthe and black coffee, as well as devoting themselves to wine and women. . It is tlio funniest tiling in tlie world to see the colonel and the major, one a replica of the other, with spiked grey moustaches, and features worn more by dissipation than campaigning, trot up and down the great square while the men are standing at ease. They aro both so very shaky on their legs, and tlieir pace is so poouliar, that tlieir walk can be compared to nothing bub trotting. Thoy take 20 paces and tlion stop, and swaying backwards and forwards, talk and gesticulate wildly, then' they trot back again, aud propping themselves up with their swords argue and reargue the point." Lisioux is connected with English history from the fact that Thomas A'Bceket was at one' time Abbot of tlie Abbayo du Val Richer here. They will show you tho vestments of the saint at one of the chapels, but I do not ask to see them. Normandy is full of souvenirs' ot this proud -priest and of his king, Henry II. It was from Normandy that tlio four faithful knights, roused by the con- tinunl defiance of their master by tlio Romish pielatc, took sail across the Channel and slew the Primate of England on tlie altar steps ot Canterbury Cathedral. This was con sidered at the time to bo more than murder — it. was a black sacrilege. Thomas A'Eecket was made a saint, and miracles were wrought at tlio tomb. Allien wo consider the superstition of the age, the fact that every man was tiicn considered to owe fealty to Rome and to its priests, as well as to tlieir liege feudal lords, the Norman knights, Regi nald Fitznrse and Ranulf de Broc, stand out in the pages of history as men, faithful and true to thoir chief and friend, and willing to nvengo his wrongs although tlio Church threatened them witli unutterable torments for their rude jus tice. Hell gaped before them, bnt they struck ! Perhaps it was well for English liberty that the priests of the Italian church sometimes received such rougli lessons from theilandsofineiiliketheso hot blooded descendants of the pirates who fol lowed the Norseman, Rolf the Gnnger, into Normandy. 'Whether the great grandson of the Conqueror was worthy oE tlie devotion of ids followers is quite another question. He who prompted the deed disowned it. At Avranclies they show the traveller the I'ierre de Henri IT., 011 the brass plate above which is tlie inscription — " On this stone, here at tlio door of tlio Cathedral of Avrauciics, after tlie murder of Tliomu9 A'Beoket, Archbishop of Canterbury, Henry II., King of England and Duke of Normandy, received on his knees, from the legates of tho Pope, tho apostolic absolution on Sunday, 22ud May, 1172." On this stone Henry knelt before tlie Papal legates, aud was cleansed ot the curse of excommunication which hnd been laid 011 him for the murder of Thomas A'Beoket, which lie said iiad affected him more than tlio dentil of bis own father or mother. After hav ing sworn 011 tlio Gospels that he had never ordered or desired the prelate's death, the legates absolved him for the sin, which, accord ing to tho oath they had forced him to swear, lie had not' committed. But Lisieux also contains a record of priestly expiation. Attached to tlie church is a chapel built by the Bishop of Bauvais, as a token of his repentance for tlie cruel sentence he pronounced upon Joan of Are. Normandy is full of me mentoes of the Maid of Orleans. Kingly ingra titude lias never been so grossly demonstrated ns when' Charles tlio Seventh, who owed his kingdom to Joan, allowed her to bo burned by flie Inquisition. Tlie blot 011 tlie memory of tlie English loaders who delivered her over to tlie Inquisition for trial is just as great. It is the one great blot, too, 011 Shnkspenre, that he could not recognise tho nobility of perhaps the greatest woman tho world lias known. Her tri.it at Rouen, the capital of Normandy, in 1431, on the charges of sorcery and heresy, with Pierre Cauclion, Bishop ofBanvais, as president, and Jean Lemaitre, A'ioar-Ccneral of tlie Inquisition, as vice-presi dent, was no doubt tlie moat disgraceful act ever perpetrated by the Church of Korne. To tlie last Joan was courageous. AYlieu put on the rack she said, " Although you tour off my members and drive tlio soul from my body I shall not state any other thing ; and even were I to say something else I shall always tell afterwards that you made mo say it by force." Lord Malion, who gives this account, describes her death. In the old market place the ivood was ready piled, and the infamous Bishop Cauchon, tlio English Cardinal of AVin- chcster, and other bishops awaited her orrival. There is only one ray of light surrounding this sinful deed. They would not give Joan a cross, but when she asked for one 011 her way to tlie stake an English soldier, breaking his staff in two, hastily made her a cross, whioli she clasped to her breast whilst she was beiiig;bound -midst the pile of fagots by tlio brutal Romish attendants. I would that I knew tlie name of that Englisii soldier ; he was a nobler man than the Pope, who allowed this crime to take place, but 25 years afterwards revoked the sentence of heresy and sorcery against Joan. As for the Bishop of Bauvais I defile -liis memory here at Lisieux, where he made, expia tion (by building a chapel, and left a deed of endowment recording liis repentance and self- condemnation. ' From Lisieux I take the train to Caen as fai ns my destination, Mczidon. I am booked tb rough' by tho first class, but am tired of riding .in solitary state. In the French provinces no one rides in first class carriages. On this Nor mandy railway 0110 finds cheap fares and ample accommodation in tho first class, but the rates for luggage aro ferocious. You are only allowed to take a handbag witli yon, everything elso being eharged as excess. 1'ho clean white coverings over tlio cushions, renewed daily, area great improvement on tlio often soiled leather niul cloth of tlie English railway carriages. Tho third class carriages bore are long and open, much litre sqmo of our second. I got into ono of these, filled with country folk, clean shaven men in blue blouses, and bonnet- less women in short skirts. ' I am endeavoring to ascertain tlio feeling of tlio people as regards General Boulauger, when a man stands up on a soat in tlio middlo of the carriage, and in 4 puij voice addresses the passenger's in tlio various compart ments! ' For a moment I imagine that lie is a political agitator, hut lie turns out to bo, only a smart Parisian hawker,- who lias patent pills aud nostrums to dispense. He does not do much business witli the quiet Normans, and if he goes on southwards he will fare even worse, as tlie people there believe in prayers to the saints, more than in doctors' potions. Brittany, of nil provinces in France, is still Ec pays d' obeisance, belief iff the miracles of .the saints however being still much tomperod .with Celtic superstition. AVhcn wo arrive at Mezidon I find that I shall bo balled up liore for the night. There is a railway hotel at the station, which I carefully avoid, and carry my bag a quarter of a mile to tho centre of tlio village, wliero an inn dedicate to Sainte Barbe, whoever he may have been, receives me. Sainto Barbe is very much astonished indeed at my appearance, and tho host and hostess are much exercised in the matter of my evening meal, which turns out to be a very good one. You can always "get a soup and a snlnd in Franco. Between these courses I am supplied with'somo Bort of a cutlet, which may be cither beef or mutton or veal, and two little birds whioh I am very much afraid are larks. . .In France every thing which flics is considered fair food. You do not see hero as in England, in tho words of the greatest writer 011 English rural scenery, tlie, lamented Richard Jeffcries," tho larks pass ing from the green corn to the pasture within, fluttering over with gently vibrating wings, and singing as they daintily go, sometimes settle on the top. Everywhere brown dots, and' each a breathing creature — larks cease lessly singing, and all unable to set forth their joy. Swift as is tlio vibration of tlieir throats, they cannot pour the notes fast enough to express their eager welcome. As a show-cr falls from the sky, so falls the song of the larks. There is no end to them ; they are. overy-' where ; over every acre away across the plain : to tlie downs, and up on the highest hill. Every crust of English bread has been sung over at its birth in the green blado by a lark." I am hungry and I eat these little birds, bones and all, despite my scruples of conscience, and then I take a walk through Mczidon. This little Norman village perhaps contains a thou-, sand inhabitants. Accident lias mnde it a rail- way centre. The lanes, along which hedges follow the outlines of tlm fields, leaving no space of ground unfenced, are thoroughly English. Almost English, too, is the notice, La men- dicite est intcrditc en Mezidon, though I should not imagine that this offered a very lively field for beggars. Very. still i3 the surrounding country. The timbered and thatched cottages to bo seen so frequently in Old England are quite familiar, only the blouses of the men and tlie hare heads of tlie peasant! girls show the difference of country. One great tiling which strikes tlie .traveller from Australia is the carcfuF way in which the fruit trees are trained here. In Normandy every superfluous leaf or twig is pruned away. I11 the cottage gardens every pear, every apple, every plum is of value. Every sod of onrth is turned- to account in growing materials for a salad : there is no waste of earth or labor. Returning to tlie hostelry of the "Holy Beard "I make friends with a little maiden of some 5 years, who informs me that her name is "Alixc." She is the daughter of the daughter of the house, the spoilt child of her grandparents. Alixo soon obtiiin9 my name, and prattles away to mo witli the innocence of childhood. The littlo ono becomes a bond of union between myself and tho people of Mezidon. Tlie garde chamnHrc, the nendarme and thn chef de gare come and look on approvingly. At first the gendarme eyes me suspiciously. AA'liy anyone should allow himself to bo belated in Mezidon is evidently to him a mystery, and a mystery means something suspicious to tho State. A very .gorgeous personage indeed is the provincial gendarme, with his high boots, braided tunic, cocked- hat and long sabre. He is always a butt for ' comic writers. A. gendarme's powers of absorbing absinthe and alcohol generally are considered to be enormous, and contse jokes are mado about his boots, but I have usually found him to be a. very good fel low, perhaps not overburdened with intelligence, but more honest than tlie polico of the towns. The gendarmes in tlie country districts of France occupy much the some position as our Australian trooperB, and are looked up to witli as much respect. Early next day I am off from Mezidon to Le Mans. The line x>asses near I-'alaise and over tlie river where Robert tlie Magnificent, other wise called Robert the Devil, first beheld the tanner's daughter Arlette washing clothes in the stream. If this young damsel had not turned up her dress so high, and shown limbs which, according to the Norman poet, were "whiter than lilies," she might not, like Buth-s'heba, have cuptivatrd ' tlio kingly imagination, and AVilliam the Conqueror would not have been born. All the way southward from the Department of Calvados, through those 01! the Orne and Sartlie, there is tlie same replica of Old England. Tlie country is well watered and well wooded, dotted with farm houses, with church spires, and witli many old castles with machicolated towers. Here and there will he some staring red brick building, tho residences of tlie newly rich. If we do not see many lurks rising trom the fields as in England, there is uu extra, touch of color below in tuat the corn glows with poppies. At every crossing there is n signul woman waving her red flags and blowing cows' horns as tokens of warning when our train approaches and standing at attention when we pass. In tiie railway service of France, as in every other branch of life, women are employed instead of tlie men, who are away in barrack or camp. Everywhere one meots traces of English history. As I walk tlie platform at Argeutau, and watch with curiosity the gentleman with the golden beard, decorated and well preserved, who is the very imago of the hero in Lex Dames de (Jroix Alorte, which Captain Pctdram, tlie German consul-general in Bydney, once lent me, I quite forget that it was whilst holding court in the castle of Argentau that Henry tho Second incited Reginald Fitznrse and his mates to slay Thomas, i Bccket. - The golden bearded one is my companion by rail ns far as Alencon, and proves to ho a local inarquis and a member of 'tho Jockey Club. The label " Hotel de Flandre, Bpa;" on my Gladstone bag is the means of opening up- con versation, the marquis much regretting that this year lie cannot visit the charming little Belgian watering place and try his luck at baccarat. But it is necessary that he, the marquis, should stay in Normandy mid look after liis properties, more especially ns at Spa last year lie came away quite sec. The marquis will be delighted to see me at his chateau later on, when the shooting. is at its best, and is desolated when' I tell him. that I- shall then be well on tlie way to Australia. Neither can I stop to break fast with him at Alencon, where, however if 1 had sufficient money, I would fill my port manteau with laee for my Australian friends. Alencon is tlie centre of a lace making district, as Bedford was in England. Tlie peasant girls hero earn perhaps a franc a day at this work, and 1 do not suppose nil Englishwoman earns more than a smiling. 1 should be very glad if 1 could establish a " corner " in lace, ami by raising tho price of tho articles raise the poor girls' wages. Lace is a very pretty tliing, but it' is not a necessity, and if ladies want to went- it tlicy ought to pay sufficient for it to give its makers something more than starv ation wages. Tho difficulty would be to keep the cxtia profit out of the pockets of the employers. 1 tarry for some littlo time at Le Mans, and visit the cathedral of St. Julien. I don't know that lie was much of a saint, but I feel inte rested in him. St. Julien was here before tho time of the Norse invasion. . Tlie sea pirates nearly destroyed it in f heir, attempts to stamp out the Christian religion here, us the early Saxons did in England, and Iynyesu, the Tycoon, did in . Japan, but tho saints were too strong in Normandy. Rolf tho Ganger and his family embraced tho Christian religion when they became vassals to the crown of France. St. Julien, whether Jio deserves it or not,, lias a magnificent cathedral with the finest colored windows I have seen in Europe. There is tlio tomb of tiie widow of Occur de Lion here, and tho guide shows mo a 'house which she is said to have inhabited. Anothcr' notcd house here .is that of Scarron, whore Madame de Maintenon livod as Madame Scarron before she went to the court at l'aris, and became,- first the king's mistress, and'afterwards his morganatic wife. I take my lunch in the railway bullet at Le Mans, and have a study of various types of character. A 'Parisian lady and her over dressed son have an expensive meal at one of the little tables ; a butcher hoy munches a great ham sandwich ; an English jockey swaggers at the counter, and calls for brandy and soda ; a young peasant girl buys a roll which she cats as lior morning meal ; Monsieur Le Chef de dare in his gorgeous gold braided cap comes in for a petit verre of tho fine champagne of Prunier. I havo nevor ex- notly understood why tlie best brandy should be ,caUqd fine champagne, but tlio station master you may be sure knows what he is about, and incites me to follow liis example in testing this brandy of l'runior. To tlio various customers of tiio different classes there is tho same courtosy shown, except that tho English jockey being insolently familiar lo 'tlie young lady at the counter gets cheated ns he deserves in the way of change. I liavo left Normandy at Alencon, and at Le Mans am in Tourainc, and nuw I take the train in company with somo charming Frcnoh ladies vi& Angers to tlicXeiro fmd Rrlttasr< j 