AMUSING. Brown—What did the minister say this afternoon nhm ho called ? Little Johnny— After I told him ma v.-as home, ho asked ii yon were out. hie was a worthy successor of Beochcr. Snipps—"I wish vcu'd lei ma have a check to-day on our hill, .Mr Cubson,'' Cubson—" Cert 'inly, Snipps, certainly. Here you are. But what ate you going to do with it 5 " Snipps—"Cash it." Cubson —"Gad! That would he a lark, wouldn't it?' Snipps—"Why so?' Cuhsou—"Why, don't you suppose, you blessed old-fashion plate, that if you could cash it, I should have cashed it myself long ago ? •' Kentucky Farmer at Country .School: " Be you the teacher?" "Yes, sir." "So it was you that thumped the tar outcn my hoy lout yesterday?" "I did punish .an unruly scholar. ' ''Punish! Wal, I should say so You stamped on him, on'slugged him, an' ended by kickin him clear across the school-yard. Is that correct ?!' "Pretty near." "Let me shake hands with you. I have to admire a man who can knock out my son four, for 111 he hanged if I can do it 1" A witty judge iu Dublin, who had known Mr Motley pretty well when he was Chief secretary iu Ireland, met him somewhere, it Morley demonstration, and was accosted by the philosopher thus: " Wo don t meet so often now, judge ; and. indeed, I fear yon don't often coma across men of my views and ideas. ^ " Troth and I do, Mr Morley, very often indeed, was the immediate reply; " not in society, though, but in the dock." A Scotch lad had h'13 leg injured at a factory, and was treated for some time by the doctor without much favorable result. Hia mother had great faith in a local bone setter, and wanted her son to go to him; but too boy objected, preferring, as he said* the " reg'lar faculty." Finally, however, ho yielded to I113 mother's persuasions and was taken to the town where the famous bone setter resided. The leg was duly examined, aud it was found necessary to puli it very severely,|iu order "to get the bone in," as the quack expressed it. Tire patient bawled in agony, but at last the bone wag "got in,'' and he was hidden to go home. In a few days he would he oil right, and could resume work, "Didn't he do it well?1' said the jovous lady, as they started homeward. " Yes. he did, mother," said the lad; "ha pulled it well ; but I was na sic a fool as to gie bim the sair leg 1" A Yankee, of fair social position, good plain understanding, and amiable manners, entered into the holy state of matrimony with a strong-minded woman. Our narrative is brief. She had all things her own way from the very lirst hour. Her contempt for bis mental powers improved every day. Ilia very inoifensiveiie.es increased it. Her wishes soon assumed the tone of commands. T(ley lived 011 for many years, and the " gray mare was universally acknowledged to be the better horse," In her presence, and that of third parties, he was rarely known to open his mouth, and he wonld no more have thought of giving an opinion upon any subject than of giving up the ghost. At length his career of passive obedience came to a close, and Miss Popkin "had not the least doubt what killed him." Hia last words, aud they were remarkable words gave something like color to .Miss Popkins opinion. The Rev. Dr. Thunderbolt attended him iu his last momente, and the conver sation between them has been stated as follows : Mr I rith tells us in his "Reminiscences" that one of his friends was invited to drink tea with a famous pre lUphaelite artist. On the walls of the studio were " certain pic | tuies hung upside down. Amongst the rest was an excellent copy of Titian's 'Bacchus and Ariadne, supplemented by other copies J from old masters in similarly degraded ' positions. 'May I ask, said my friend, 'why these copies are hung upside down ? I am obliged to break my neck to look at I them, ami they seem to me admirable I copies. 'Yes, said the great pre Raphaelito 'they are good copies of bad pictures. We haug them as you see because tbey look just I aa good, or just as had, one wav as [ another. " One of Mr Friths friends was 1 old Solomon Hart who through life remained a member of the Jewish persuasion and on that account sometimes incurred a certain amount of chaff from his colleagues. Mr Frith tells from hearsay the following" story on this subject, hut some of the details are not quite correct .—"At ono of the splendid banquets for which hospitable Mr Belts was famous, a hugo boar a head, with the usual garniture, was placed upon tko table. Hart j was said to have looked longinglyatit, when bo exclaimed, 'Almost thou porauadest me to bo a Christian, " " Dr. Philldriver informs mo that von are no longer for this world.' "I feel very nervous, and I supposo Ii can t stand it long.'1 "lib, I suppose your end is not very far off. It is an awful thing to die." " Well, I don't know but what it mav ba for somo folks.' y "I hope you have mado your peace with God. Are you prepared to meet the King I of Terrors? ' 1 " Well, I s'pose I am—I've lived with the Queen for thirty-two years," 1 