a liiis's loaimi BY J. MONK FOSTER, Ar.t") : 't 4 Oareh aster's Ven.cvan.ee, 'For Love and ( A-l,' A Poor Man's Tragedy,' etc. chaptee Xv. — WAL.ri.IL axd ruti£. li was near miduight hen "Walter and Alice reached tlio little elation at Aidayne. They found a carriage awaiting them with the driver fast asleep inside, apparently as coni- fer rai le as though he were in bed. Waller reused the man and asked him how long he had Leon vr;iiting. ' Since noon, sir,' the coachman replied, robbing liis eyes. ' Master gave me strict order? -io wait till yon come, an' they've kep' sen-din' men from the Priory to see it you'd cont'd. fs yc.nr master any better r Walter asked as he helped Alice into tlie vehicle. Wr.ss, soMarby says, sir.' 4 Drive as fast as possible, said Walter, as he seated himself and draw up the window to shut oat the chill November air, 4 but mind you 'i >u"r. turn us over, for the lane is full of holes.' 4 Truss me,' the driver replied laconically, and his long whip lash shot out with a sharp crack, and the horse, a powerful bay, shook his st hi limbs and broke into a swift pace. A 1 a ?- Wilson sat quiet in her cushioned comer thinking of the father she was about to see for the second time, and liiied with a strange mix ture i.-i gladness and regrot. She was glad to think herself the possessor of an unsullied name, yet regret-ted to discover her father so near ids death. Looking back to that morning how long it seemed since she met her lover on her way to school. Into the last twelve hours of her life had come more of romantic incident than in all her previous years. She and her mother had struggled for years to support themselves re- spec ubly, and the elder woman had sunk cguij;iy to rest thinking iondlv even to the last conscious moment of the handsome, pleasant- tongued man who had woo'd her so hotly, won For so -easily, and deserted her and her little baby girl so quickly a. iter wards. A": ire had become so habituated to narrow means and the practice of self-denial that she ha d modi lied all her earlier ambitions, and her airy castles were but commonplace edifices of brick. Now, however, the future seemed to prom ho a new life to her. Her lather was almost a millionaire ; she was a poor orphan no longer. Then a quick sharp pain smote her as she remembered that hex mother had died so poor and even her honour overshadowed. 4 We arc near the Priory now, said Walter, as lie put his hand through the window and glanc-d ahead. 'See, it is there, over the tree?.' Tiie moon had just fought through a dense hank of cloud, and Alice could see the old house plainly. Lights showed through a few windows as if some of its dwellers were still awake. Presently the carriage cmne to a standstill, they alighted quickly, and as they passed through the entrance hall to the foot of the staivcMsc leading to the sick man's room, Lady Ruth met them. ' So you have come at last, Mr. Gray, her ladyship &aid; to Walter, looking critically and curiously at his companion. ' Wilson has been inquiring for you ever so often.' 'Iain sorry I have been so long awav, Wal tor answered touching the tips of Lady Ruth s fingers, which had been extended im- pulsivdy to him. ' Is my cousin, any better ?' i He is much worse — is greatly agitated about something or other, but he is still quite conscious.' Lady Ruth still scanned Alice inquiatively, and \V alter deeming it best to keep the latter s identity yet unknown, introduced her by saying : Your ladyship will permit mo to introduce my cousin, "bliss Wilson. Your husband "Wishes to see her. I'll see if he is ready to re ceive her.' i am delighted to know your cousin, Mr. Gray,' Lady Ruth said, in her most amiable manner. I am sure we shall be great friends. You must be fatigued with your joumey ; let me remove your cloak aud offer you some re freshment, Miss Wilson.' While Alice was submitting herself to the 'Published by special arrangement with the author. hands of her fair hostess, Walter hurried away to the sick room. He found Wilson Gray awake and anxiously awaiting his arrival, ana the latter was evidently disappointed wnen he saw his kinsman enter the chamber alone, ' Y ou have not brought herwith you, Walter? the sufferer cried, querulously. i>he is not my child, then, after all r .?. kh-70 brought her, Wilson. She is waiting no w to see you, and there is not the slightest doubt about her being your daughter. You found the certificate and portrait? , 1 Y es, but not where you placed them. Still lliey are here, and I nave also obtained the locket I told you. about.' ' Let me see them, Walter I Let me see them!' alter handed the articles to his relative, and with trembling hands and eager eyes Wilson examined ihe document and portrait he had placed away so many years before. Then he opened the locket and gazed upon his own tcaturos, and opposite his own face smiled that of his beautiful wife. 1 1 remember the locket well. 'Tis the one I gave her. Where is she? Let me see her. ' Do n Gt excite yourself, Wilson. I will fetch her in a few moments. And prepare I yourself for a surprise. She resembles her i mother so exactly that these portraits seem to be hers. She it was who frightened you that day in the fields, when jgu thought you saw your wife's ghost. ' 'How, Walter? How? Tell me.' £ I will send her to you, and slio will tell yGii ; how it happened. ' Yes. send her to me. And, Walter, go to Ruth and tell her all. It will be a great blow to her to learn that our marriage was illegal aud that her child is illegitimate.' ' I will tell her, and I had better take these portraits and marriage Lines to confirm what I have to say.' Walter left the rcom, went for Alice, took her to her father, aud leaving them together returned to the chamber where Lady Ruth sat, looking as suburb as she did when first he met her at Sir Wilton Haigh's. Yl alter felt quite at case in Ruth's presence, but he scarcely knew how to commence telling her what lie had come to sav. Lady Ruth seemed to be a little composed, and she glanced furtively, now and again, at her old lover. She had really loved Walter when they were engaged, and she loved him even now with a depth of passion he thought her incapable of feeling. Lady Ruth firmly believed that her old lover still cherished his former passion for her, and she imagined that he had sought her company there for no other purpose than to pass the time near her whilst the cousins were closeted together. The proceedings of the last twenty-fcur hours had puzzled even her astute ladyship. She had wilfully ignored her husband's re quest to send for Walter Gray because she knew that her old lover's presence at the Pricry boded her no 'good. The physicians were agreed that Wilson Gray could not possibly recover, and she wanted no visitors until her husband died. Then she would he safe, but while her husband lived she wished to keep him. and his kinsman apart. After getting Wilson's signature to the document she had prepared. Lady R uth thought e.U her scheming and working were done. But Wilson unexpectedly regained his senses, and persisted in telegraphing for his cousin. Then W alter came, aud was closeted with Wilson for a long time. Then Walter went away again and was expected back once more, At last Walter returned bringing with him a beautiful woman, whom he had presented to her as his cousin. All this puzzled her ladyship very much. What had passed between her husband and his cousin during their long interview ? On what errand had Walter gone when his return occa sioned Wilson such anxiety ? She could not find the answers to these questions, and strive she ever so adroitly Wilson would not answer them for her. Weak to the last, Wilson Gray dared HGt tell the story of his youthful sin to his wife, He knew her strong, passionate nature, and he feared the edge of her keen invective. He took refugo in his illness, and relegated all explana tion to a tongue other than his own. ' So Lady Ruth still remained uncognisant of the storm which was silently gathering around her. When Walter returned to the Prioiy with Alice her ladyship's bewilderment wasintensified . The sudden nppeai'ance of a beautiful cousin hitherto unknown, and even unsuspected, added fresh elements of coufusion to the mass of inci dents which defied her ladyship's brain to un ravel. When Walter left the two women together Lady Ruth was especially kind and charming towards Alice. She placed her in the cosiest ohwar in the warmest corner of the room, drew up a small table, ordered a dainty and appe tising supper, and poured out some wine for Alice with her own jewelled hands, chatting all the time, and adroitly offering Miss Gray, for shch I must now call her, every opportunity of explaining about herself. ; -But herdadyship'6 strategy was not blessed with the success it deserved. Alice might have unburdened herself to Lady Ruth had not Walter come into the room just then, saying that hiis cousin wished" to see Alice at once. She -rose am ine -lately from her unfinished supper and left the room, and Walter Gray accompanied her to the door of the siok chamber. She went inside, closed the door behind her, and Walter returned to Lady Ruth to acquaint her of certain facts. There ate many things that women only re- co anise with great difficulty, and a few that they will never acknowledge at all. A woman can never bring herself to believe that aman who has once been her slave can thuxk dispas sionately and indifferently of her even after the lapse of years. So it was with Lady Ruth. She felt certain that her old lover needed but a little encouragement to become'' her adorer once more, and that encouragement she was fully prepared to give him. . Her cruel treatment of him made her feel a little uneasy now that she was face to face with Walter again. While they were exchanging trivial commonplaces, she was making a quick mental calculation as to which would be the better thing to do. To make some apology for her past conduefe towards him, or ignore tlie matter altogether. Tj ultima tely she decided ou the latter course. That settled, slie resolved to squeeze some information out of Walter regarding his fair cousin, and thia was the one subject he washed to discuss with her. How lucky you aro, Mr. Gray, murmured Lady Ruth in the sweetest of drawls, 4 in having ; such a splendid cousin. I think Miss Wilson is the most beautiful girl I ever met. Here she glanced complacently at herself in a rairror opposite. 4 I think so too,' Walter replied curtly, dis daining to pay a compliment to Lady Ruth, though she had given him. such a palpable opportunity. 'And she is as good as she is beautiful, your ladyship.' 1 You admire your fair kinswoman, I see, Mr. Gray darting a swift look at him. 4 1 do more ; I love her. She is to he my wife before long, I hope.' 'Indeed!' and a jealous pang smote her heart. 4 It is strange that my husband never told mo that be had relatives besides yourself, Mr. Gray ?' 4 But ho had, you see.' 4 So it appears, aud he seems to take a great interest in this beautiful relative of his.' ' And well he ma v.' 4 Why ?' 4 Because, my dear Lady Ruili, she happens to be his daughter.' 4 His daughter i' 4 Yes.' ' Poor girl, I 75ity her. No wonder he did not tell me about her. What she must suffer. The fruit of an old liaison, I suppose ?' 4 Your supposition is quite wrong, I assure you. You need not pity Alice, for she was born in wedlock. Of that there is not the slightest doubt, my dear Ladv Ruth Gordon.' 4 Aro yon quite sure of this r 4 1 am positive, Lady Ruth Gordon. 4 W hy do you persist in calling me by my old name ? You seem to recollect only what I "was, Mr. Gray,' she said almost tenderly. 4 Pardon me, but I rather remember what you are.' 4 What I am ?' 4 Yes, what you are ! 4 Have you forgotten that I am Wilson Gray's wife V 4 1 once thought you his wife, hut I was mis taken, as you appear to be. Yon are simply Lady Ruth Gordon only.' ' Are you jesting with me : 4 No ! I simply state a plain matter of fact.' 4 You speak riddles. Explain yourself at once. Let us ha ve done with all this nonsense.' -'Certainly. Well, the explanation is easy enough. When Robert Wilson Gray married you his first wife was alive. Really you ought to have been more discreet.' 4 So that I am merely this man's concubine, and my child is a bastard?' 4 You use unnecessarily hard words, I think ; but I must admit that they exactly r epresent the facts of the case. 4 You are satirical. 4 No, only truthful.' 4 And do you expect me to believe these things that you have told me ?' 4 1 shall not be surprised if you say that you do not ; but what I have told you is nevertheless true.' 4 It may be as you say, but I need more than your bare word." What evidence have you to substantiate your story ?' 4 1 shall be able to satisfy you in that respect. But first I had better tell you the history of my poor cousin's first marriage. Walter gave Ruth a brief yet clear account cf his cousin's early marriage, and how he came to leave his wife. Then he related how Alice Wil- son's identity had been established by the locket and the portraits, and it was evident that his story had impressed Lady Ruth, for when he showed her the marriage lines and other articles she expressed herself as satisfied. 4 And I suppose, Mr. Gray, that itis intended to make this knowledge publxor' 4 Yes. It is absolutely necessary iu order to ' establish Miss Gray in her true- position.' 4 And I am to be dishonoured — to be made a theme for the goesin- mougers. Cannot I ba spared all this shame '? Cannot you devise some scheme to help me out of this unfortunate pre dicament ?' 4 1 do not see that anything can be done. Wil son's first marriage must be made public.' 4 But the world need not know that his wife was living when we were married. 4 True, no one needs know that. Both were silent for a few moments, then she said, 4 Do you think that your cousin will recover ?' 4 1 fear not. He looks much worse than he did yester morning. He appears to bo sink ing fast.' 4 "Hie doctors hold out no hope of liisrecovery. Yesterday he sent for Sir Anthony Thomson, and that great physician said he would not : reeover.' \- Again a- moment or two of silence, then Lady Ruth rose to her feet and confronting Walter in all her radiant beauty, with heaving bosom and flashing eyes said m a low, earnest voiro : Waiier.no one knows -but you who Alice Grey is. You have in your possession all the materials upon which she depends to f prove her identity?' 4 Yes ! yes L certainly.' 4 Wilson Gray is dying. In a few days I shall be free. lioveyou, Walter !— have always loved you ! Destroy the marriage certificate and the portraits, and then Miss Wilson will be un able to substantiate her claim. Then we could claim all between us, and in a while wo couldbe married !' Lady Ruth's daring scheme amazed Walter ; he -was' silent for the moment, and she thought he was giving way. 4 Destroy them at once, Walter. Don't delay a minute. Be quick before anyone comes I' 4 'Twould be useless to destroy them if Wilson has made a wilL' 4 Ah ! so it would. What can we do ? You do not care for this woman, do you ?' 4 J ust a little — how little you may fancy when I tell you that I would rather marrjr her penniless than have you with Wilson Gray's fortune.' 4 You've made a mistake, Walter — you mean you would rather take me peuni 4 1 mean what I said. I cannot tell you how I loathe you — yes, loathe you. You are even more despicable than I thought you. I will not .spare you now, for you deserve no mercy. To morrow every servant in the place shall know that you are, to use your own word3, nothing bat a concubine, and your child -a bastard.' W alter Gray uttered these scathing words in a deep scornful tone. Amazed by her perfidious proposals, he felt that ho could not express all his contempt for her in words. He concen trated all the loathing and passionate scorn he couid command, into hie voice, and his hot burning words burnt themselves into her brain. For a moment she gazed at him with stupefied face ; then anger blazed in her big brown eyes ; her full lips curled scornfully ; her white teeth met viciously — fc-r a moment he thought she was going to tear him with tooth and nail — and a mad desire swept through her to kill him, then she swept like an empress to the door uttering not a word. But she did not leave the room. After half- opening the door slio pushed it violently to i again, rushed back to where Walter stood, and iiuug herself at his feet in a storm of passionate tears. 4 Walter ! Walter !' she sobbed, clinging about his knees, 4 do not drive me to despair. Have some pity on me. I cannot live if you make me a theme for gossip-mongers and the newspapers. I love you now as only a mad woman can love. You loved me once ; for the sake of the old days spare me this disgrace. See, on my knees I implore you to spare me.' Lady Ruth never appeared more fascinating and ravish ingiy beautiful than at that moment. Her thick, long brown hair had torn itself loose and hung about her neck and shoulders ; her superb face was wet with tears and eloquent with passion, and her soft, voluptuous form shook with emotion. Long enough afterwards Walter Gray remembered the picture she made pleading to him as Iphigeaia pleaded to her sire. Walter was as adamant. He was human enough to cherish a bitterness against the woman at his feet. As lie had suffered she was suffering. He was just tasting of vengeance's sweet cup ; he would drink deeper still. He spoke, and. his words and action drove every atom of womanliness out of Lady Ruth's heart, Leaving her a veritable fiead. Passion makes sad tools of all human beings at some time or other, and Walter Gray was only mortal after alh Bending low till their faces ; were almost level he looked steadily in her eyes. She thought he was about to kiss her, for his eyes were lit with a warm amorous light. Suddenly : . his face assumed a sneering expression, a mock- : ing laugh broke from bis lips and he cried : — ' The English language contains no one word foul enough to describe you. Mercenary as a Jew, cruel as fate, and wicked as the devil himself, there is nothing womanly save the fair form. God help the man you marry, and the children you bear ? Such as you disgrace all tire sex — even all humanity. I will not spare you !' As he ceased speaking he pushed her from him, and she sprang to her feet and fa-ced him. He expected a stonnof passion, but she wasstraugelv calm. A shiver passed over her frame, as though, a chill wind had smitten her and congeal edall her passion aud feeling. She was regarding him fixedly, as though she had only j ust awakened to his real character. She thought she knew every nook and cranny of Walter Gray's mind, and lo, ho was an enigma to her. Expecting fervent lore she had discovered implacable hate ; instead of pliable wax he had proven, unmalleahle steel. 4 Have you said all your harsh things, Mr. Gray ?' she asked quietly. 4 Not all I coald say, but I think I have said enough.' 4 And do you stjll intend to publish my mis fortunes to tlie world? — to make me the talk of ail the town ?' 4 1 do ; so there's an end of it,' he retorted emphatically. 4 And may I ask you why my misfortunes are to be punished so severely ? 4 Your 4 crimes would be the fitter term. 4 1 fail to see wherein my criminality lies. she rejoined. 4 When I married your cousin how was I to know that he had a wife living ? Even his fortune would not. have tempted me to marry a bigamist. 4 The motives which led you to marry him were base " enough, I know, and what has followed is but a just retribution for your sin. What a tit-bit of scandal is in store for tike ladies of your acquaintance ! 4 1 remember you telling mc once that in everything yon did you strove to satisfy your conscience. Can you "honestly say you are doing so now ? He was silent. He felt the bite of her quiet sarcasm. He was removed by the remembrance of an old wrong, and not conscience. 4 Spite prompts you to disgrace me. You cannot either forgive me for jilting you, or for get what you suffered. . But yours was not all the torture. Will nothing but repayment in pain satisfy you, and wipe off the debt? I am sorry. What more can I offer? What more can you ask ?' 4 Sorry, are yon? he cried, laughing that taunting laugh which almost maddened her, though she remained outwardly mini, 4 And do you think that I shall be satisfied with your expressions of regret. 1 1 brought to you a whole heart filled with noble thoughts and lofty aspirations. I thought you only a degree beneath the angels. You gave a new colour to my life and moulded my ambitions. And what was the end? I was discarded, because I resolved to he honest. And, now, you express your sorrow and expect to be forgiven. Half a dozen words are to be the atonement for the agony I felt— such agony as only mad, loving fools feel when their hearts are half broken by heartless j tides like you ! 4 Don't play the heroio. You have mended your broken heart it seems already, so there was not very much harm. done. But perhaps you have attached vourself to Miss— Grey, I sup pose I must call her — for the reason, that I at tached- myself to her father. 4 What do you mean ?' - - 4 Need I explain ? ' - . . _ 4 1 hardly understand you.' . _ 4 Miss Gray's father is wealthy. Perhaps fie? father's fortune influenced your, choice of a sweetheart, Mr. Gray ?' 4 Dare you even impute mercenary motives to me ? How many men would have done as I did?' i Very few indeed ; perhaps none. And 1 imagine that you would act differently were tlio chance to c-oiae again. Fortunes are too precious to be wasted on abstract idea 3 of justice.' " 4 A satisfied conscience Is better than riches.' 'That is copybook morality, manufactured by starving wretches for th© edification of dirty lads to be forgotten soon after in the fight foi existence. Had you been less honest how much happier we might have been.' Here a little of the old passion came into her voice and eyes, and she continued : Don't you regret the splendid existence we have missed — lost through your fooolish love of honesty ?' 4 1 regret nothing, your ladyship,' he replied, hardening his face and heart against her soft words and appealing looks. 4 Nay, I am even glad of what lias happened.' 4 1 used to think you were too noble to rejoice iu the disgrace of anyone.' 4 1 like to see justice done to all, aud things have worked themselves out wonderfully, just like the end of a novel. 'Tie a fitting punish ment for the beautiful and unprincipled | schemer to have become tlio paramour of a | bigamist, when she plotted to be the wife of n | wealthy man. She has been living tally — I am j a Lancashire man, and use the "homely phraseology of that- shire — and the fruit of her illicit union is a 44 chance child.? ' Lady Ruth's shapely bust rose and fell quickly, aud a dangerous glittei; made her big brown eyes tigerish in. their look, but slio mastered her passion, and said quietly : 4 You love to say ugly things, Mr. Gray.' 4 And you do them. 4 1 used to think once that you were too noble ' to cherish animosity against anyone, letalonethe woman you once loved — for I know you loved | me once, if not now. You have no idea of the horror the thought of being poor gave me. I loved you — don't interrupt me — but my training and nature revolted against love in a cottage. The hell of aristocrats is poverty ; their Satan is work, and rather than fall into this Hades and become a toiler I would have committed suicide, j The God the upper ten Worship is gold ; the j heaven : tliey aspire to is self-indulgence. I adopted the creed of my people, and, according to its teachings, married a man of fortune — ii higlv priest 'with yellow marks of divinity about him. I 4 Stop ! stop ! of what use is all this r 4 Hear mo out. - Yen will understand ma better soon . When I j i Ited you you thought mb a shallow and heartless woman. You never dreamt of the tortures I endured : of my desires, ambitions, and love. I was between two stools, and if I preferred a luxurious existence rather than a lire of love, Jiad I not soma excuse to offer? What induced me to fellow the course pursued? My nature aud training. And can you rationally blame me for doing that which ray very nature and education forced me to do? I always said there were only two things worth living tor, wealth and love And as I made over to my cousin that which you valued the more of the two you went to Wilson for it r 4 1 must admit the truth of what you say. A year ago I made tlie mistake of ranking riches higher than affection. To-day I know that love is more than lire itself, for love is that which sweetens existence. I have erred and would make atonement if you think I have not been punished sufficiently already. The mistress or a bigamist, the mother of a bastard, do you wish to make something lower still ? If you publish my disgrace to the world I will kill myself, and will your conscience, which you alwavs strive to satisfy, he satisfied then? This shire ami your own ring with tales of your great good ness; show a iittle of it to me, Let the story of your cousin's other wire remaiis unknown to the world. If you will do this I will leave the Priory as soon as possible, and Miss Gray will be sole heiress to all her fathers wealth. £ only- wish to go away to some quiet spot with my child and try to become a better woman, and live a higher lite. My baby is guiltless ; do not brand him with his parent asm. She spoke eloquently; her voice was low, sweet toned, ana passionate; her big brown eyea seemed o'er-brimming with unshed tears, and the beautiful face had grown inexpressibly soft and womanly when she pleaded, for her child. Walter had been greatly incensed by Lady Ruth's daring and base proposal- to destroy all evidence of Alice's parentage, and he had a score against her for jiitiug bin;, but he was too large-hearted and generous to withstand a woman's appeal.' She noted the change, andsaid : - r 4 Weil, whafcdo you eayr' : 4 It shall be as" yon wish, ho replied. 4 Perhaps I have been rather harsh audunjust.' 4 Thank you. I will try- to. deserreyoux generosity. I will go there now. If Wrisap wishes toeee me I shall be in my room. Shev was turning to leave the rbom 'when her eyes fell bn the remains of Alice's repast, nnd ebe remembered that Walter was probably fatigued, and she had notbeen over hospitable to him. 4 1 am sure yon Brest be tinea and hungry,' 6ho said, tnrmng toihim, 4 and I fa&ve; notasked you to refresh yourself. order some supper for ybu. ? - — . 4 1 should like a cup of strong n vbit of something to eat, if it vrohlaadbntbbJmyich trouble.' - Y'A v r Wouldn't you prefer ndrop No, thank you, I shkUltoy u|» .ull "fdghlji , ynfl a cup of strong- tea will - help to keep isie walM\»1 B'v J will ©riler you iome at «nee,' the an- firerffl, and left "fee xoom. CljaarasnXVI-ACuP OPTEX. Xady Huth left the room as quiOTV, and ap parently, sb unconcerned as if mm had jus® cm- luded an interview with her dressmaker. But >e» fuD red lips hid sharp white teeth vKaously blenched, ana bdnnd her smooth tew there lay it clever brain at that moment ablaze with thoughts of rejected love, humbled pride, mad, wengeful schemes, all jumbled together tinder tbat erown of Inmny mown hair. Just outside the door her ladyship paused a jnoment, then she walked towards fee chamber j»i Tyhiek "Wilson Gray lay. In fee passago lead- fog to litis room, ehe fssmd the hired imrso seated, reading, quite complacently, "Wdkie -Collin's 4 "Woman in White.' The door ©Tfee sick chamber was ch»ed, and Indy Buth Baid : 4 What a sc you doing her©, Mrs. Gregsou t _ 'Headrn, your ladyship,' fee bue» replied is fee Gosed flm book keepiag aao finder bo- iuwecn the loaves, and awBtalw KBeakBg her ladyship's intraoai at a feae whea her novel ysasmost intaresta. 'Hew long have ycu bsea away froia your 'Ever sines fee young wSesaa and lady tame, your ladyfetp.' . ' And you know that iuy husband is set fit to he loft -so long.' , -Jto crdcred mo &om; the roam, and vasa l tapped at the door a bit since I was told, to wait- cutdo a bit longer. Tho young lady is with M. Gray yet.' 14 Were feey tallring r' ' 4 Yes.' . . , ... Wliat about you know your patient must not be agitated.' 1 eoukbi'i hear what they were talkia' about, hut fee young lady seemed to have been eryin', pev eyes were so red en' swelled like.'_ "Without another word Xady Enth retraced ker steps till ehe reached the door of the room ia which fee had left Walter Gray. Tapping the panel wife her white knuckles, fee turned fee knob and entered. Walter was seated in an easy chair, his legs outstretched, smoking and waiting for the bit cf supper her ladyship had promised him. When fee door opened he thought his repast was coming, and was evidently surprised to see Dady Bufe again. 4 Yea will think me a bad housewife, Mr. Gray, for keeping you waiting so long for supper,' fee said smiling. 4 Mrs Bsyley was .asleep, and the kitchen fire was nearly out. But the tea will be ready iu a few minutes sow. You might have had some wine while the tea was getting ready.' 4 I'll wait, thank you,' Walter replied. ' I'm rather sleepy now, and wine would only make me worse.' I'll send her with fee tea fee moment it is ready,' and with feat Lady Ruth again left fee room. Then her ladyship went to fee housekeeper's quarters, finding Mrs. Bayley and another of the servants seated before a cosy fire, and chatting amiably over an excellent supper. There was a suspicion of something stronger than beer iu the warm atmosphere of the room, end the faces of the women were flushed wife — perhaps, the heat of the big fire. If her ladyship noticed the iitrong seenfc she did not speak of it, simply saying — 4 Your master's cousin, Mr. Walter Gray, wishes to have some supper. Will you get him something, and make hiia a strong eup of tea at once V 4 Can have some supper and tea ready in a minute, your ladyship — where shall I take it?' 4 You'll find Mr. Gray in tho morning room.' 4 Yes, your ladyship, I'll find him,' said Mrs. Bay ley, as she put the bright eoppe-r kettlo on the. fire, and then Lady Euih left tlw kitchen, going thence to her own room. A bright fire was also burning in her lady ship's, boudoir, filling the low chamber with light, though the gas was turned down. Closing the door, she drew a low chair on to -the tiger- skin rug, dropped listlessly into it, and stared moodily at the glowing coals. Her face had a strange look of repose in it, but her Ing brown eyes were fairly alive with light, denoting the | fierce Working of her mind. She was reviewing : the incidents of fee last hour ; her "passion" and humiliation; W alter1 e indifference and her love ; and his intense scorn of her actions and character. Again fee listened to Lis harsh, unloving word9, telling her that all hsr scheming had been worse than useless — that she was only Wilson Gray's paramour and her offspring illegitimate. In the ruddy glow of the fire ehe saw herself kneeling to Walter, asking him to . spare her the pain and shame of exposure, and her frame quivered with passion as fee re membered the contumely he had heaped upon hei. How much had fee lost in one short hour. Before Walter's return with Alice Gray Lady Hufe believed herself to be fee wife and heiress of Wilson Gray, and fee only woman in existence for whom Walter Gray ever cherished a warm thought. Now she had learned that she was no wife at all, and there was small prospect of her inheriting Wilson Gray's possessions. In the rick chamber from which she had been so effectually excluded was the new heiress, and doubtless Wilson Gray had already made a new will in favour of his newly-foiind daughter. LadyRuth'fl even teeth clenched viciously, and a wave of evil passion swept over her heart as she recognised of how much Alice \- Gray had robbed— yes, robbed her. Of husband, home, wealth, and lover, 6he had been deprived by this white-faced intruder. For a moment a murderous impulse mastered that beauteous creature staring so intently into the fire. She was seized with a mad longing to dig her fingers into her rival's fair face, to drag out her hair in handfuls, and to beat her to death. Gentle rare- faced Alice Gray would not have been safe just then in the same room as that splendid tigress. Ho will not expose me I' she murmured i slowly, her lips curling scornfully. 1 How thankful I ought to be. I am to drag myself away quietly to some spot and amend my ways. Wilton will die, then they'll ba married, and all I hoped to possess will be this woman's. Love riches, and social pleasures for them ; neglect' poverty, and social outlawry for me ! ' For a moment she paused, silently contempla ting the picture, her words had conjured up. Then she cried out springing to her feet : No 1 no ! no ! . by heaven this shall not be ! I II kill myself first, and them too !' She was walking about the room now, all the passion in her concentrated ou one thiug, ven geance — b tlm for all her pain and humiliation. To satisfy her two objects must be attained. She must have Wilson's Gray's wealth and Walter Gray's love. What was life to her shorn of luxurious ease aud passionate affection. Wilson Gray's money would purchase the first, Walter's heart would supply fee other. These things she desired and would have at any cost! They were as requisite to her existence as meat and drink to plodding mortals. JBut how Was she to get them r ' She asked herself that, and for a time she faiicd to find an. answer. She had so little time andiDom tO work in. The,tituatiou seemed to defy "all her cleverness! Any way out. 6f fee difficulty wofild bo acceptable now." -There-site was idling in her room, and the current of events was drifting lie? further and further from her hopes. < \- ' ' . The devil in her nature was awake how in citing her to action. Circumstances had called forth all her worst passions, and fee was daring and wicked enough now to become a Borgia. Suddenly fee stopped and dropped into fee chair befete the fire. The idea had come at last. A minute's reflection and her canning brain suggested all fee details necessary for working it out. - _ Then fee jumped to her feet again, crossed the room, and turned up fee gas. 2fot a moment to lose, or her idea might bo valueless and impracticable. Even now fee mignt fee too late. How kmg had. she been, in her room . What ! only ten minutes, and it eecmed eo kmg. How fisufe fee had titougbt and suffered and schemed in feat brief period. Mrs, Bay ley would not have made Waiter's tea yet, and is she were qcoek there was still time. Tr. one corner of Lady Hufe' s boudoir stood a massive piece of antique furmtara, evidently several oenturios old ; a kind of ancient dwrt with many drawers, and tell, carved, hack. On to five at the Priory Lady Bulhhad found the «M chest in oseof fee rooms, and fee had it eenaei to her private chamber, ex- plarBing to WBsoa'that fee Icred ®M oaken Lady. Bath had seen a rimilax ehest some where, apparently the work of the samo -hand, and she remembered ' that its possessore had pointed out a Beeret , draw in which had been found several rare and valuable JtfS. She was eager to see if this chest found;" in tho Briery eoiitaraeda ainSar feature. - It did ; and its contents greatly surprised liev. The discovery had never been made known to anyone : tlie contents of fee old chest had a powerful attraction for her, anao anting almost to fascination". What fee had found in. the secret drawer feo bad handled often, wondering much as to who had hidden tlve tilings there and for what purpose. There was a halo of mystery about the matter, and this had jrovcu irresistible to her ladyship. She was glad new thai the had kept the dis covery to herself. She would test fee contents of fee drawer at once. Bending down beside the chosi fee placed a finger tip on a knobby portion of one of the chest's carved feet, pressed firmly ; and the side of fee ehest moved slowly out, disclosing a wide, tall bookcase-sort of chamber, with shelves five or six inches iu depth. On the lower shelves were several euriously-shaped phials, on the higher ones a few rusty books, and some sheets of yellow manuscript. Twas but tho work of a few moments to open the ehest, pick up one of the phials labelled Phthzx&na;, draw the tight-fitting glass stopper, and turn some of its contents into her palm. Then ehe closed the door of the secret chamber after replacing the phial, and left the room going towards the housekeeper's quarters at a quick pace. Am iusfc taking fee supper up, your lady ship,' said Mrs Bay ley, apologetically, for fee thought Lady Butii had come to hurry her on with Mr. Gray's supper. 4 Have made him a good cup of strong tea, which he'll like — does he take milk with it r ' Let me see the tea. Mrs. Baylcy,' said Lady Roth, pleasantly. 4 Mr. Gray ia very particular about his tea — doesn't like it stewed, yea know.' ... 4 It's just drawn off, your ladyship.' 4 It will do nicely : give ine a drop of it ; I feel rather thirsty, and it will help to keep me awake.' Mrs. Bavley went for another cup, the other servant had departed, and Lady Ruth quickly dropped the small portion of tea-like stuff she held in her hand into the pot. Mrs. Bayley e&me; with the cup, poured out some tea, sweetened it, and gave it to her mistress, who sipped it. or appeared to do so. Mrs. Bayley hurried away with Walter's supper, aaaLadyRuth tossed her mugful of tea behind the Big kitchen fire, where it kissed and sputtered as though it were declaiming against such treatment. Then she went back to her pretty chamber, dropped into the luxurious chair, placed her feet on the fender, her elbows on her knees, her hands under her chin, and re verted to her old occupation of staring into the red mass of coal, fashioning wife tier fancy pictures there. She had taken a dangerous step. What would be the result ? Perhaps success ; and the fruition of all her ambitions — perhaps discovery and punishment. But fee latter was hardly probable. No one in. the Priory — perhaps no one living — knew of the existence of what she had mixed with. Walter Gray s tea and which lie had verv likely partaken of by that time. What if fee drag Mled'to do what was claimed for it ? In that case all her daring would have bien wasted. She knew nothing of the stuff, sonio one had called it pliihoxianii, save what she had learned from fee yellow manuscript in the antique chest. The writer might have over- estimated its properties, and the whole thing prove a farce. Then another thought came, sending a sharp pang through her. Suppose fee power of the drug had been understated, and its effects were fatal ? Good; God 1 Perhaps she had killed him ! That would be a fearful ending to all her daring scheming. This thought forced big beads of sweat to her ladyship's brow, and she rose to her feet pacing uneasily about the room. What was Waltev doing at. that moment ? Had lie drunk the tea r She could not withstand the suspense much longer. If no word came soon she must go and see what had been the result of her scheme. (to be eoxtmred.i 