A PAST -MDEEIIED. . v..;. : ' 77 ' v 7 .77:: Chapter I. — Continued.) It' was » parfc of his .night mare: ami it was. tho only- : tiling : except snow ami (leaili: that his .'strain-: . ing eyes could find to ilook upon. - Now it inamiL'ed to loavo . tlite arou nd ; .to support itself for a vtioinfcht Of tYvb with feeble beatings dt- \ its, Wings ; I Jilt it only i'dso to fall agtdn and again. The contest was a luirlei que of his own struggles. By-and-byo, las tho light becainen more and : there dreamlike, and as lie felt his . v/ital strength ebbing - faster and -. \ bister into sleep, the" spith'dw , beg.-t n td'- typify- . a life -and .death-' comli-ut wherein -.the triumph- Oil (death w«l". a- foregone-- conclusion: " His s'oul begrim ?to .tliiuk, instead of his niind. Porluv ps it began \- to -Temeinber, a-Iso ; for even this limn must have. b'e'en onco . a child. At last lie said, ivlmb'st iti words— \ "Pdv, misorablo iittlc thing ! " Ho --was not thinking 'of \t-lio child whom lie had left to die. Bira it was nevertheless an oloqueni spl isch for one unpractised . iu the lamj.'u.v.go of \ compassion. : Pity, in a' practical man \- —though : a : practical scoundrel — iin- plies the desire to aid. Ho could do v nqtliing for himself ; but, while lie lived, he must do. , ( i v ;";1' can't swallow bread crumbs," passed . through his now wandering mind: 'I'hoy'ro no uso to mo, ' thought, tho practical man. ' But bread crumbs may- be brandy to a bird, for aught 1. know. It's better oil' thar.i- 1, for it has got wings ; it won't -bo buriocl alive, and" bread may help it to live through- the cold." Ho managed to grope iin "his-. pockets with 0110 of his numbed hands, and- to .-draw out the fragment; of a roll. v - \- The true agony of death had passod when lie was .driven by the gusli and snowdrift to crouch under 'the bush' for sheltei'. Ic was tlien- that hope had died; \ We sometimes wonder at tiie caimnass or criminals under sen tence of death: we do not always remember th-.at it is living men whom we sentoncoj and, for tho most purfc, only passionless ghosts of -men- whom we liang. This man was not 'Other wise, than a i murderer sentenced to- death in the (court of winter for his. crimes ; and, between irrevocable sen tence and inevitable execution, he felt as such convicts are wont to fool, it was useless to repent and too late even, for active despair. .Besides, the cold was dumbing his: heart as well 'as" his hands — it was almost -too.' Into to feel. But it was -not -quite too late to do. Can you guesti, reader, what the murderer was about to do ? I-Icwas about, you will say, to act liko a man who, though . a tmur-lerer, luvd the muscle called a heart somewhere about him, ill some queer1. and out-of-the-way corner. The man who lead starved a child, you will- say; 'was about- to feed a bird — inconsistent; but therefore all the more' natural. 1A dying man of business was wasting, his last interests upon trifles— but so \ dying men are wout to do. . And- year are right — so. far. His lids wero olusiiig when, upon the snowy 'table-cloth . of the feast of death he scattered- his crumbs to the sparrow,, broke tiie crusts, and threw the fragments after, the crumbs. Charity litul never done: -anything- so small before. i It was. just- as 'small tus a mustard- seed. 1 r '. CHAPTER n. ; 'Meanwhile, the. little maiden, thus left alone, betook herself to a refuge which is only open to genius, and to childhood. 1 , She walked into- tho limitless and .' eternal' realm of fancy. "Now, Dolly, darling," she said, in matronly admonishment, ".you and I have to stay: here: and be good1- . . . . Are your -feet cold, dear 'I Mine. are. My legs quite ache. But you1 mustn't, cry. There; let mo take baby under my shawl, and tlicn she can bo nice . and warm and comfable,. can't r.he 1 I must sit' down, Dolly. Don't be cross now", there's a darling! It's .not so cold as it was, doar, is it ? Gli,; Dolly ' doar, I tun. so sleepy. - Shall go to sleep together 1 . i " Do you know,, dear,, I find . it a great deal pleasanter now tliat I i have my eyes shut ? I can seo just as p lain. I never noticed; that: before. Did ;you ? And the snow doesn't beat into', our eyes so ; does it ? . . . \ .. " I shall always go about like vthis when it snows, now."- \ She watched;.' the largo- white flakes ns .-.they- fell ; now hurrying and now dallying; now almost touching trie- ground and now suddenly making la weak little leap upwai'ds as a preluclo to a. last -languid turn in the dnncJf. Then she found, herself taking -tut especial. in terest m tiie fate or one par ticular flake, which appoared to havol s'uehra will of .its own that all the otlierl flakes made way for it. It was very ! high up. in, the. air when the - tiny ,| maiden first sighted it — almost toucii- , ingtlio sky: 'Even. then it appeared largo, and in her eagerness to. watch it she dropped Dolly into the snow. As it .came. -nearer it grew larger and , -larger, and .larger, until it boeaine quite a floating island. A floating island of the purest and softest and most beauti ful white conceivable. It 'gavo out a lovely. efi'ulgence which- was not at all dazzling, but seemed; somehow, very calm ancl serious — liko shaded lump- liglib. And, 'there at the edge stood a .- wee delicate' figure, all in' v/hite — of .a piece with.; the . beautiful island. The delicate! 'figure was the -.centre- of tlio lovely eflulgenco ; and had a sweet grave face — a. face . like a'- good mamma's — thought tho little maiden. "I -, -don't - want, to be. rudo,. you, know," said Bossy. "But don't you think you're very, small to. be grown up?" " All tilings are. comparative;" said \- " tho wee -lady- at uho edge of- the floatj ing island. - ' \- ' I'm- afraid.I don't understand you," said Bessy.. , >".You- will know. many things wliep. you grow-up/! said- the: wee- lady;.. Th6 i iland fell gently-. on the snow- so gently that it seemed rather to -nestle into it than to fall upon it. \ i; Give mo your hand/', said tho. wco ,-lady, "and let me help you up here.'-' . 'Bessy -smiled, and rtli.en the lady smiled also, and said in - answer to Bessy's' thohglit — -- " I think 1. can arrange that for And she stretched out her wand and touched .Bessy on the shoulder. Then Bessy saw the straligest -thing - slio had ever known. Everything -"began to ghow in tho most -marvellous way. The snow rose about her until it touched her, chili, und. even :whofi she .stood up it- went on growing until she could only just sco dver "tho top of it. But it was nOt -like know any lonaer. - It was -a gorgeous pile of wonderful -jewels,' exquisitely but and fashioned into a thousand beautiful fjav-terns. She had scarcely time- to look at tho snow, however, for all her attention began to be absorbed by the wee lady, who grew and- grew until sho was quito as big as Polly tho housemaid at the vicarage, and even then w;=nt on growing. At last sho became as big as Aunt Deborah, and then she stopped. "Now givo me your hand," she said, and smiled again. "1 am the Queen of the Pixies ; and, r.iow we are together at last you must come and seo mo at homo." <: -- - - "Thank you," said , Beside; "but please lot' me take Dolly." The Queen of tho Pixiei: laughed outright liko a little poal of bells, " I am afraid," she said, "that .would be rather u'diilieult matter!" ' : Then sho took Bessy up in .her a-rins, and bade her look straight bo.-forc her. And there, as it seemed, quite- a qui&rter; of a mile away, lay Dolly, Like a pic ture Bossy had once seen of a gig.mtic Egyptian sculpture, 20 times as big as the /beautiful lady who now n-urscd lier. ''' . "But that isn't Dolly, is it, doar?" asked Bossy.: Bho felt quite.- cm-' boldenonod to say " dear," tliemot lierly arms so enfolded her, and tho : sweet eves smiled unon her so crentlv. " That is Dolly ; and sho seer ns so large to you because you have g rown so small." "Oh, please," said Bessy, pitiiiully, " am- 1 so very, very small ?" "Are you vexed because you: are small ? asked tlio ' Queen :of ' the Pixies. - - "No," said, Bessy, with a little ellbrt. "It doesn't matter ; bee.- ruse, you know I am really very h: rppy now. So it doesn't matter nvaieli, does it?" - '/ : "Would you -rather bo big or happy?,' asked the Queen of the Pixies. Bessy- cogitated. . "I should like to bo both," she said at last.; and the fairy shook' -her- 1 icad wish a sinilo that had a little sadraoss in -it.. v-p/- /:.//";//':. "1 have heard of you often," Maid Bessy, who now lay in quito a dro wso of happiness. . "Bub I did not la. tow that you were so beautiful." . . 1 Sho was almost -asleep when she s aid '.this, but she thought she heard tho Queen of tho Pixies answer-— ' "1 am not always. I am boauti ful because you arc beautiful." The surprise of this, wa-kecl -Bessy ' up again, and she saw the fairy . looki: hg down upon -her with a smile so ravish ing for sweetness that for very -joy two groat bright teitrs filled tlio eyes ot' the -.child, ancl she turned and thro w her arms. about the Dairy's -neck. . "This -my house," said the Queen of the Pixies, and she . set Bessie clown in the entrance hall.. "You are free otl it all, and; may come and -go when you will. Now go ancl see what yo-.u can find, and come baok to me alwayvi I when you are tired." " Thank you, dear," said Bessy,- and walked demurely down the marble steps. and into the gardens. The militia .were .manoeuvring, on a large -gross plot in the centre of the gardens, ancl \ Bessy stood for awhile to watch. By- :and-byean old and rather surly-looking Bluc-Bottle in a seedy undress uniform, walked past and saluted her. " I suppose, .miss," said, the Blue Bottle, "that you're on a visit to her Majesty ?" " Yes, sir," said Bessy, ancl then tlio Blue Bottle looked so- hard at her that sho began to feel uncomfortable.. The Blue Bottle -himself was not altogether at ease, for lie .mopped his- forehead witli a red handkerchief, '- and balanced himself first on ono leg and then on -. the other. At last lie said-! v ' .. . "I suppose,, miss, that you. clon't , object to smoking ?" - " Gli, dear, no !" said Bessy. "Not at all." ' : V E So the Blue Bottle, took out a dirty clay pipe from tlio breast, of his tunic and began to smoke. When , he smoked he buzzed very loudly, and Bessy felt coinpolled to stare at him: "Excuse mo. miss." lie said at last. ; "but I'm the piper," ancl -'lie touched the dirty clay in explanation. Thou Bessy noticed that tlio sound ho made was wonderfully like that: of the bngr pipes of the kilted Highlander who | had droneel before Aunt. Deborah's Uloor — ages ago; | "Is that how you make a noiso when you fly, please?" asked Bessy. \ "Wo never ily," said tho Bluo llottlo, speaking through his nose, as ho smoked. " It's, too much t.iou.ble." I Bessy was disconcerted. at this; but ho oflbrecl no explanation, ancl went on- sn.ioking to the tuno of "Duncan gW." \"I say," said the Bluo Bottle after anl awl-nvarcl pause, " chore's going to be la gamo on the carpet this afternoon. G'oi rie and see it, will you ?" Then wi tjl 10 ut waiting for an tinswer ho went, down on all-fours and made a back for1 Betny. " Get upf can't you 1" he said angrily. "Don't keep a man waiting in this. midigniiied position." So Bti'ssy climbed on to tho Bluo Bottle's baok and' ho buzzed- away. with, her no .another: part of. tlio garden, playing " Tiie girl I- left behind me " all" the way in a vory onergetic: and almost oi lensive maimer. " I'm very much- obliged to- you, I'm sure, saicV Bessy, when she- got1, down aga.jn. : ; ' ' " Not i |t all;" said tho-'Bluo Bott'jo ungraciously. "Don't you believe that I'd do it if .L wasn't; paid for it." " At this Bessy felt so indignant that .she walked- away, ancl went right out of tho gardens into a wood. There was a straight path through this wood, and all along it lay a carpet of velvet, the pile of- which was made to imitate daisies. The red and whito daisies were made into all sorts of queer patterns, and every hero and there was a portrait of the Bluo Bottle. Bessy walked along this path until the vista was brought to a closo by the most extraordinary littlo house: sho had seen. It was built of sugar-plums, nnd toys, and huge frosted calces,- and gigantic sticks of barley-sugar, and luscious grapes, and bloomy plums, of wrinkled purple raisins ; ancl looking out at overy. win dow was a great- wax doll- attired in most charming-1 and lady-like fashion. Bossy, had. gone round this .murvollous - house ; throo several >- times before1 she: 'noticed that -on each wall was this inscription, embossed in hitters - made .of - blanched- almonds — Bessy's Paradise, Sho spoiled this carefully out o'n the first wail, and. then went wound to tho iiext and found it repeated. ' Then she ran quickly to the: third, and saw, the, inscription again. After, -the third reading she paused awhile, and then, recovering her. -mental breath; .wont soberly - round to tho fourth : side,, where, undor the inscription, she found an open door. Sho entered ; and if tlio outside: had been delightful the inside of this strange house was a per fect ravishment; Tho -peculiarity of the place was, that whatever Bessy wished to see, or oven expected to seo, was -the very thing which immediately presented itself to her. It had seemed small from out side, but it appeared now to have room in it for everything desirable. There was a wonderful little parlor, the fur niture of which was precisely, appor tioned to Bessy's size, and on the rug lay a most fascinating kitten, curled like a ball of warm, soft wool. There was -a poodle -exactly to match, and both the kitten and 'the poodle wero signally complaisant, ancl played with Bessy in the most obliging ancl friendly way .-in the world. 'Beyoncl the parlor lay a bedchamber, and, in tho -becl lay a gorgeous doll, -which- could open and shut its eyes, ancl could cry, and could go, in short, through all; the paces known to dolldoin. The enter tainment, -already almost . beyond en durance,. culminated in -tho discovery that tho pooilio anil the kitten could sit at /table and-help -themselves. After this there was nothing for it but to take the doll ancl the kitten ancl tlio poodle in one big confused armful, and lie down with them- all upon the rug, , and riiore Bessy was almost oil tlio point of falling to sleep in a very Lingo r of happiness when the Blue Bottle put his head in at the door and shouted — - "You'll catch it. They're coming this way now. Her /Majesty's with 'em. They're going to have a cricket match on the carpet." . Bessy turned - round, and saw the soldiers approaching. /First came the beetles mounted on butterflies, like/Lord Curnaby's troop of -yeomanry. Then came, the bees, each carrying his, sting at the end. of u halberd, and ull march ing on foot. -Then camo the houseflies mounted on crickets; these swept gaily past at a trot, and the Bluo Bottle put a pipe in his mouth and smoked a march. Next came tho bluo bottles, and the Blue Bottle almost exploded in his dosiro to 'give vent to his musical -feelings. . Then came tho Queen of tlio Pixies, and the sports began. ' - '.-' . , A solemn olcl catei'pillar trotted out .and lay at' full length . across ,the car pet. Then another lay a littlo bej'ond him, and then another : a little beyoncl -liim, and so on, nmil there was quite a long row of thorn. Then six houseflies gravely walked their . oric'icets into tlio' centre of the carpet, and formed, in line. After a little time had -been allowed f-pr them to settle well, into their saddles, and to adjust their spurs, ancl put their whips between their teeth unci settle their helmets firmly, the old B.luo Bottle shouted " Go ! " ancl away tliny started. The crickets went in great hops with- a- big chirp at each- hop-, and all cleared the caterpillars in spl< mclid- style. , : . Whilst everybody watchocl the steci ple-chaso with- intense interest a big squirrel, fell:, thump-, -upon- the carpet from tho bough of an over hanging -elm; The squirrel did not appei ir - to be at all liuxt. On the contrary, hevvas helpless vrith laughter, and uras fee'bly trying to Isold his sides with liis two fore-feet, whilst his hind- legs t-vrittered.in an- ecstaoy of humor ous cnj'oymont. flOlt,,. dear 1" said the Squirrel, '.'I'm really very sorry to - distuub you— but I ; could .n't — But I - couldn't-— lia, ha, ha, ha„ha 1 — I couldn't— ho, ho, ho, lio, ho, —hold m-e; somebody, ple.ase. .- Oh, clear." i "Hour look- here," said tlio Blue Bottle, . "her., Majesty's present, ancl wo don't- want , anything of .this kind hero... .-Ti;- ain't wanted. Goine, clear the eoi.irso." Biro the Squirrel only laughed tho more. A.t last Bessy thought tho Squirrel might treat hor - civilly — he seemed to bo a merry -follow, So sho we.nt up to him and said— .- > " YYliat are you laughing at, if you please ? " - "There isn't one of thorn," said the Squirrel, and when -lie had got so far he - gave a little gasp, and sab up — "There isn't ono of them has put by -a single nut for Christmas.'" ; Q /hen. lie fell over on to his side, and began to laugh again. A. gloom fell upon the fairy . forces. The. 'caterpillars got up from the -course and, crawled solemnly into the wood, The butterflies and the beetles, tlio ho-uj ioilies and the bees, wont quietly a \va;.y. The- blue- bottlcs stood their 'j'rou.nd longest, but at last their ranks t vavercd, ancl they filed off singly, and /I >y two and threes, until there was ibut 0110 left. Ho was a- sunburnt, ifreckled, impuclont - -looking young jfollow, and lie stood there very coolly. The Squirrel -assumed a miserable aspoct'to the sad tuno smdkcd by tlio Blue Bottle,- but the i'uu of the tiling soon got the better of him again, and he wont oil' among tho trcos, laughing loudly with his tail. " I Bay," said tho Young Soldier, "givo us something livelier, if you're obliged to play, will you ?" " With pleasure," saicl tho Bluo Bottle. And ho smoked " The Olcl Hun dredth " very, very slowly. . - . "Oh, stop that," said tho Young Soldior. "Hero, I'll sing a song for the young lady. Come inside. I must go inside, you know, miss," said tho Young Soldier, " because I'm obliged to liavo a window-pane to do it on properly." : So they all went into the cottage parlor, and -tho Young Soldier went on to . the -window, and, after a pre liminary skip into a corner or two, where ho cleared his throat, lie began to sing— whilst the Blue Bottle played a jolly tune on tlio bagpipes — I've no dc3iro to ho wise or witty — : - All my core is for tuno and time : So I'll smg you a jolly nonsensical ditty, \- With littlo of reason and lots of. rhyme. So long as I'm pleased I don't care how, And if I can laugh I don't care why— : The and of a song is a musical row, . And who's more able for. that than I ? 1 With my musical pipo with its accent ripe, With its accent ripe and mellow — But when the Young Soldier had; got so far the Blue Bottle ceased to accompany him, - : . . " D'ye think," said the Bluo Bottle, ".that I'm going to play to -such non sense ns that ?"! Y . " , . - - - - \- Bessy was afraid they were'- about to quarrel, they buzzed ' at cack other in such an angry way after this. And, indeed, she was almost- glnid— not altogether- perhaps ; for she was really very sorry, for him — when the Hpider- at-Anns came in and arrested th e Blue Bottle. She followed- -to the police- station, where a solemn wasp in a wig: and a gown sat in a big arm ' chair: to hear the. case— just like Exeter a ssizes, when Aunt Deborah had -to be witness in that linen- stealing caso of which Bessy hacl-- heard the story some few hundred times. When the crowd was properly mar shalled the Queen of the . Pixies came in and took . the child in her arms, and smiled upon lior in a wonder-, ful way. Bessy smiled back drowsily into the lovely lady's eyes. . Ancl in each smiljng eye she saw her self charmingly mirrored, so that be yond the smile of the /Fairy an. icily, sweetly smiling self looked back upion lier. Sho nodded gladly to the smil ing solf which clwclt - within th'ose smiling eyes ; that duplicate self ; a nd the tiny smiling self nodded bu.ck again. (TO BE CONTINUED.) ;. ' 