Without Love or License.* A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. CHAPTER III. THE BANKER'S DAUGHTER. BY HAWLEY SMART, Author of "From Post to Finish," &c.;, &c.; Mr. Sam Mercer was not wont to stay with his family during his brief visits to Exmouth. He invariably put up at the Beacon Hotel; he was fond of and on excellent terms with his parents, but his business as a book maker left him but littlo leisure either for writ ing or visiting, and it was no uncommon thing for months to elapse without any com munication taking plaoe between him and his people. He had been not a little surprised upon hearing on his arrival at the Beacon that his father had taken the Old Dragon Inn. He had seen tho old man dip into all sorts of eccentric speculations. He knew what a retioent man he was on all matters of business, but, as Sam said, " the old 'un generally came out the right end of the horn." What this new fad of his might mean Sam oould form no idea, and whatever his crafty parent's designs might be he knew him too well to suppose for one moment that they would be unfolded to him. Joe Mercer had a high opinion of his son's natural astute ness, he bad also on a Blight scale tested Sam's business capabilities, when he was a youngster, and when about twenty furnished him with a modest caj-ttt-aTan&toidl-Jin; to start for himself. Sam ejected \o Wake his start in America, and it wati there that he stiff further cultivated a taa^fprhorse-raain* with which he had always bjMeni/ With fc shrewd head for figures he Boon raaWthe-je-wa* money to be made at it, and was tolerably x'sWessful" when out there. But if ypu mean to make money out of business, you must g-o,wh l erasU'Mhe6a is, and Sam knew that for tOeiprofssSionsl racing man there was no country in "the world like England. He ao oordingly returned there, and enrolled himself amongst the noisy fraternity of the " Ring." Strong, aotive, keen witted, betting on striot mathematical principles, and regarding the horses as mere pawns upon the board, Sam steadily worked his way upwards; ho was soon well known as perfectly "straight" and acquired a very considerable clientele. His father more than onoe advanced him money with which to extend his operations, and as Sam in due course repaid such loans he stood high in the old man's estimation. If not one of the leading magnates Sam Mercer was a thoroughly known man amidst the members of the mystic oirolo, a favourite with most of them, and rather celebrated for the queer American isms with whioh he was apt to garnish his conversation. He had promised to take hia sister to see the finish of the match, and next morning after an early breakfast Sam wended his way to the Dragon. There he waa cordially welcomed by his own people, and introduced to a Mr. Bront who, Sarah informed him as they walked in the garden afterwards, was a stranger staying in the house, " though what he, father, or anyone else can want to stay* at the Dragon for beats me." " Never you mind the old 'un,'* rejoined Bam ; " his head is screwed on the right way, I guess, but as for this Brent it is odd unless he as come after you, Sallio." " He takes no trouble to let me know it if he has," replied the girl with a toss of her head. " It's not likely I'd look at the likes of him." " He might think you good looking though Jrou don't think him," replied her brother, aughfug. " But how do you like the move P" " Oh, I don't mind it muoh," replied Sarah. " One house is pretty near the same as another while we go on in this old pottering way. I want to go away and begin life afresh. Every body says father has got money, and yet we go on just as we did when we were supposed to be poor." "Ah," said Sam, "you want to splurge about a bit, keep a carriage and play the lady." The girl nodded. " I'm siok of tramping up and down the Esplanade," she remarked. " I want a ohange of some sort." " Never fear; a good looking young woman like you will get that before long. Timo we were tramping if we mean to see the finish of this match." On their way into Exmouth Sam suddenly exolalmed, "Here's old Tootell; he is oertain to stop ns and ask where we're going." "He ought not to ask me," replied Sarah, laughing, " for the last time he did I told him bluntly,' not in his direotion.' Now, Sam, that is one of the plagues of keeping an inn. That dreadful old man is the torment of our lives. We can't Bhut the door against him as we could before we turned innkeepers. You know what he is, and he is eternally prying about the Dragon. Comes to see how we are getting on he says. What Mr. Brent is doing here puzzles you; as for Tootell, it causes him Bleeplees nights." But upon this oooasion, strange to say, Mr. Tootell raised his hat and hurried past them. Like many idle men, he passed a considerable portion of his time in looking out of the window, and from that point of vantage his attention had been attracted a few minutes previously by the appearance of Mr. Brent making his way to the very centre of the town. He had never seen Mr. Brent in Exmouth before; what oould he want there P Mr. Tootell was going up to the cricket ground, but he considered the discovery, if possible, of what had brought Mr. Brent into Exmouth of paramount importance. To know what his neighbours were doing and to ascertain who and what any stranger might be who turned up in the town or on its outskirts bad become quite a disease with Mr. Tootell. Since his retirement from the " publio " line he had been deprived of what waa to him a source of unmitigated enjoyment. Mr. Tootell had a great belief in his own powers as a oomio entertainer, and was wont to give specimens of his talents in that line to a few of his intimates in his own bar parlour. These performances were usually reoeived with great enthusiasm; his songs and recitations met with muoh applause, as is the case when the host is an entertainer in more ways than one, and Tootell on suoh occasions pushed the bowl about with the generous freedom of the postboys in the famous lyric His exhibitions of the seasons, in whioh his faoe was by turns supposed to express Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter, always brought down the house, and was the most extra ordinary exhibition of facial contortion ever seen. Some carping critic, it is true, had derisively said that if Mr. Tootell would turn his attention to grinning through a horse collar he would be sure of the top prize in most oountry fairs. Be that as it may, the self satisfied tones in whioh he announced laughing Spring, slumberous Summer, fitful Autumn, and boisterous Winter, and then proceeded to facially illustrate them, was a sight always received with inextinguishable laughter. Mr. Tootell indeed was muoh given to theatricals, and never lost an opportunity of displaying his historic powers, and though people were unkind enough to say that whether he made up or whether he made faces he was always Tootoll and an irredeemable stiok, yet that was by no means Mr. Tootell's idea of his own humour as a low comedian ; it iB necessary to mention his passion for theatricals because this taste initiated him to some extent in the art of making up, and though he might perhaps fail in his own person, yet it showed him hiw olever actors could disguise themselves by the aid of wigs and pigments, and this knowledge, as we shall see, was destined to involve Mr. Tootell in an awkward predicament. When he met Sam Mercer and his Bister he had for the moment lost sight of Mr. Brent, and it was his anxiety to onoe more hold that gentleman in view that caused him to pass them so hurriedly. He vory soon recovered the trail, and following Brent at a wary distanoe saw him go into an ironmonger's shop. This cir cumstance would have hardly cost any man bnt Tootell a second thought, but that worthy muttering to himself, " Now, what oan he want there P" stopped on reaching the window and looked in. Brent was engaged in purchasing some few things, apparently connected with the innkeeping trade, suoh as taps, funnels, &o.; Having obtained these he put the parcel under his arm, and coming out of the shop proceeded to retrace his steps in the direction of the Dragon. Mr. Tootell shook his head and wended his way to the crioket ground immersed in a brown study. Who was this man Brent P What was he staying at the Dragon for, and what the diokens did he want with taps, funnels, &o.P; " Bought 'em for old Joe Meroer, I s'pose; odd Joe didn't buy things like that for him self ;" and onoe more Mr. Tootell shook his head and proceeded in quest of information. Play was in full swing when he arrived there, and the match in that interesting oondition of being anyone's game. The Exmouth men were just finishing their second innings, but had not done quite so well as in their first essay; still for all that, what with having a soore of runs in hand on the first innings, they promised to put the Exeter men in for a very respectable total. A few minutes more, and the last Exmouth wicket has fallen, and, after .the usual pause, Exeter sets to work to make the hundred and twenty two runs necessary to viotory. It is almost needless to observe that Mr. Tootell was more absorbed in watching the doinga of his neigh bours than in watching the cricket. '' Halloa," he muttered to himself, " who's that young spark that Sallie Meroer has got hold of? Handsome girl, Sallie, but she must he getting on. Let me see, how old is she P" Mr. Tootell was a peripatetic chronological table, or, as the young ladies of his acquaint ance expressed it, "an old horror about dates." But his thoughts on Miss Mercer's age were dissipated by his rnnning against a fellow gossip from Exeter something of his own kidney, and from him he immediately sought the information he wanted about MissMeroer's cavalier. "That," returned the other, "that is Mr. Hallaton, the young officer who made the great oatoh yesterday for Exeter. He 1 he! seems a little caught himself just now, don't he?" " Ah! you've got quite a new lot of officers this year in Exeter, haven't you P How d'ye do, Mr. Meroer: we were just talking about the otUoers in Exoter, and you were saying, Mr. Wilson" "That we have got a very lively lot this time." «' Throw their money about freely, eh," said Sam, " and keep the tambourine a rolling P It must make a good deal of difference to tbe town what sort you have got at the barracks." "Yes," replied Wilson; "sometimes they are a much more moneyed lot than others, and of course that makes a difference." " And those you've got there now are full of money P'' inquired Sam. " Just so,*' replied Wilson. " There's young Hallaton and two or three more of 'em must spend a deal of money one way and the other." Sam Meroer passed on with a careless nod, aad left the two old gossips to exchange scandal at their leisure. Yonng Hallaton, at all events, had the reputation of being well off in the town where he was quartered, and this was a little hit of information that Meroer was glad to acquire, aa he trusted to henceforth number young Hallaton amongst his oustomers. Not that he had any sinister designs against that Jroung gentleman, but f if he was destined to ose his money over racing, it might as well go into his (Sam Mercer's) pockets as anyone else's, and he thought Fred Hallaton far too exoitable a yonng man not to find the Turf a very ex pensive pursuit before he was muoh older. Mr. Hallaton devoted himself pretty well to Mi* Mercer nearly the entire afternoon, and Sarah was nothing loth to parade her admirer before the eyes of Exmouth then and there assembled. In fact, when hia innings oame, and he seturned to the pavilion without making muoh addition to the soore, his bosom ally, Dicky Chives, oould not resist chaffing him about his flirtation. "Look here, young man," said Dicky, " flirtiug is all right and regular, but there are times and seasons for it. You can't expect to play oricket and flirt as outrageously as you have been doing. You would never have muffed that ball if you had been cool and in Jour rigty mind. Of course you were thinking ow you would astonish that handsome girl in whose pocket you have been sitting aU the afternoon—and you did!" " Shut up, Dioky," was the laughing rejoin der ; "we all play a little too slow at 'em sometimes." "More especially when we are wool gathering, as you were," aaid Chives. "Mark me, young fellow," he continued with mock solemnity, "your passion for petticoats will be your ruin." "There he goes again!" soliloquised Dioky, as Fred ran up the stairs leading to the roof to shake hands with Miss Lydney. "He can't keep away from 'em;" and with that Mr. Chives hurried to the refreshment bar to calm his feelings. Dioky Chives was a well- known man in the Royal Artillery, and an athlete of no mean de scription. Usually captain of their cricket team wherever he was quartered, and always engaged in boating and racquet - playing, shooting, or something of that description, he held curiously aloof from feminine society. Popular and well known amongst men, he was never seen in a ballroom, and, when his brother officers thought to return hospitalities they had received in that fashion, it was declared that Dioky, although ready enough to put his hand in hiß pocket, invariably applied for three days' leave, until, to use his own ex pression, " the shine was over." "Sorry for your bad luok personally, Mr. Hallaton," said May Lydney as Bhe shook hands, " but my sympathies of course aro all for Exmouth. A most interesting match. Three wiokets to fall; ah, no! there goes another; and Exeter wants thirty-five runs to win yet." "And will never get it!" exclaimed the banker. "It will be a olose finish, but we shall just pull through. I shall be broke," he continued, "if we don't. I've got a sovereign on Exmouth." " We shall bring your heart in your mouth yet," rejoined Hallaton,smiling. "The last two wickets often give a deal of trouble." Fred's careless words came true in the present instance, and Exeter crept up within thirteen runs of their opponents before their stumps were scattered for the last time, and Exmouth waa left the victor by that amount. "A capital match!" exclaimed tho banker; " and mind, Hallaton, yon have promised to pay us a visit next week." "All right; lam not likely to forget Miss Lydney's commands." And so saying Fred raised his hat and rejoined his comrades. CnAPTBB IV. THB OLD BALLBOOX. " So yon are off to- morrow, Sam," said Miss Mercer to her brother aa he walked home with her after the cricket match. " How I wish I was!" " Well, I guess you've no oauae to complain," he replied. " Yon had a pretty good time to day, anyhow. That young Hallaton was 'salooning' you about pretty well the whole afternoon. You seem to take to him rather kindly." 441 should rather have said that he took kindly to me," retorted the girl, laughing. " Yes, he is rather nice. I wonder whether he has got any money P These officers, I've heard say, are seldom rich for all their laced jackets." "They have a good bit of money some of them," replied the brother. " I know, because I have dealings with them. This yonng Hal laton is well off; but it's not likely to matter much to you. No doubt he admires you, but a swell like him is not likely to come to tbe Draaror for a wife." "That's so like a brother!" replied the girl pettishly. "I'm sure I wish he had never come to the old tumbledown place. One hears suoh queer noises there at night. I declare if I believed in ghosts I should think it waa haunted." " Queer noises ?" said Sam; " odd! Wh^t sort of queer noises?" " Oh, I don't know; the whole plaoe creaks. It's only the windows or rata, I suppose." "I shall say good-bye to you here," said Sam. " I said it to the old folks this morning. Is there anything wrong with mother, by the way P She's got a worried anxious look about her that she didn't use to have." " Nothing that I know of," rejoined the girl. " My fancy, perhaps," replied her brother aa he kissed her, and then turning on his heel he strolled back to his hotel. Miss Mercer walked on towards the Dragon, excessively pleased with herself and all the world. Shehad had a good-looking youngoffioer dangling at her side beforo tho public nearly the whole of the afternoon; Bhe was conscious of looking her best, and that her proceedings had been viewed by her friends with envy and all unoharitableness. She smiled to herself as she fancied she heard the expressions, "Forward thing!" and " Look how that Sallie Mercer ia carrying cm!" Miss Mercer was no innocent girl in her teens, but a yonng woman who knew the world. She might not be accomplished, but she waa quick-witted as any of her family, and lees burdened with principle. She had no pitiable weakness, for instance, about adhering to the truth, if she considered a lie would serve her purpose better. Just the sort of wpman whose fatal beauty lures men to their undoing. She threw her head np proudly as she thought of her brother's remark. "Not come to the Dragon for a wife, indeed!" she mattered; " Sam don't know much about women, or he'd not talk foolish like that. There's plenty will come to the Dragon or anywhere else when Sallie Mercer lifts up her fiager." And then she began to reflect that though it was undoubtedly truo that she might have been married more than once, yet it was equally oertaiu that she had ne veras yet hooked a fish she considered worth landing. As for young Hal laton, he had promised to come out and see her at the Dragon, and, let Sam think what he might, if she could only see a little more of that gentleman she wonld answer for it the result would be in her own hands. Sam, on his part, as he walked back to the Beacon, dismissed all thought of young Halla ton from his mind. " I dare say," he reflected, " Sallie does got a little tired of the old jog trot life. It's all very well for a few days' rest, but it would kill me in a month. How ever, peace and happiness ain't muoh in the way of a regular racing man, and the cry of * I'll take six to four' beats the song of your thrushes and blackbirds into fits! It's a rum start what made the old 'un take that inn. However, he knows what he is about, and is more likely to have an ace up his sleeve than expose his hand." And then Sam Mercer went into the Beacon to snatch a hasty dinner before catching the night mail to town. Country quarters from time immemorial have enjoyed an unenviable notoriety for the facility they afford those quartered in them of getting into sorapes, and it was not likely that the metropolis of the West was going to prove an exception. Fred Hallaton had been unmistak ably smitten by the belle of the Dragon; he had a good deal of idle time on his hands, and Exmouth and Exeter were by rail but twenty minutes apart, and two days after the crioket match saw Fred Hallaton making his way out to call on Miss Mercer. That young lady received him with the sweetest of smiles. " Ah, this is good of you, Mr. Hallaton," she exclaimed as she extended her hand. " You men are very apt to promise to come to see us and then forgot all about us till we next help you to kill an idle afternoon." "I can't fancy anyone forgetting you," replied Fred with an ardent glance. " I was so muoh interested in your account of this old inn that 1 thought I would take advantage of your promise to show it me. " Tdon't know that there is much to show," returned the girl. "It is moro the stories con nected with it; but I'll show you one room running out at the back which really is ourious." She led the way up a few stairs, then along a passage, then 'down a few stairs agaiu at the other end, threw open a door, and said, "This is the ballroom." "Ballroom!" ejaculated Hallaton; "and what on earth does an inn like the Dragon want with a ballroom ?" " Well," replied Sarah, " the house is a good big one, as you see, and years and yeara ago people used to come out from Exmouth in the summer-time and danoe here." It waa a good-sized room, quite capable of containing a party of four or five soore people for danoing purposes. At one end was a muoh out-of-repair little musio gallery. Joe Meroer had evidently not thought it worth while to go to any expense about doing up this part of the house. There was lots of old furniture heaped up about it—broken chairs, benohes, &o.;—and it was pervaded with that peculiar smell whioh characterises a room in whioh the windows are never opened; the dust of many years had accumulated on the rickety furniture whioh had probably been taken over by tenant after tenant when the palmy days of the Dragon had departed. It was evidently many years since the room had been used in any way. " The old people about," continued Sarah, " declare that there used to be no end of fun and capers going on here when they were young, that there were lots of dances went on during the summer months, and in the winter they say it was given up to the smugglers, who used to drink and smoke and carry on all sorts of mad games. There's an old fellow here, oh, ever so old, over eighty I'm sure, to whom I sometimes go and talk when I'm dull, who tells horrible tales about what went on at the Dragon when he was yonng; all lies, I dare say. "Oh! I don't know," replied Hallaton; "I fanoy there was a good deal of wild work went on along these ooasta in those times. Smuggling was at its height then, aad I should think those who followed it were a pretty rough lot." " Yes, old Mutter tells dreadful tales about the Dragon. Perhaps he only does it to frighten me; he says the smugglers when they got mad with drink would quarrel among them selves and use their knives and pistols on one another; he declares that he has seen more than one man carried out of this room dead, and he's got a horrible story of an adventurous excise man who got in amongst the smugglers in dis guise, but was discovered beforo he oould get baok to his comrades with the information he had gained, and was never heard of after wards." " And what did people say became of him P" asked Hallaton, who was getting muoh interested in the legends of the Dragon, or, it might be, in the narrator of them, who was looking extremely handsome in her pink cam brio morning dress. "He was murdered, old Mutter declares. However, I know I wouldn't oome into this room at night, and I don't believe in ghosts either, but there's something uncanny about it. Look," she added, "do you see this trap-door in the corner P they say that leads down to where the smugglers used to stow their brandy and stuff." "Has anybody ever been down to seeP" asked Hallaton. "Father did when he first took the house; he says there is only a couple of large* cellars whioh haven't been used for a long time. Bnt oome out into the sunshine; this old room always gives me the creeps." As they went towards the door Hallaton's eye was suddenly caught by a candlestick, a box of luoifer matches, and a short clay pipe which were lying on a rickety table not very far from the trap-door. " The only sign of the days we lire in !" he exclaimed, laughing, as he touched the luoifers with his stick. "Odd!" said Sarah; "I wonder who has been into the room. I'm sure neither of the two girls would enter if yon paid them for it. I suppose it must have been father for something or other." They passed out of the room, and Miss Meroer led the way to the garden, where the conversation soon took a more personal turn. Sarah had every reason to feel confident that she had not over-estimated her attractions. Fred Hallaton wandered about the garden with her for the best part of an hour, and was then formally presented to her parents as " Mr. Hallaton, a friend of Sam's." Fred rather winced at this; Sam Meroer was no doubt a very respectable man in his line, bnt his acquaintanceship with Hallaton certainly did not justify his being described as one of that gentlemen's " friends." Yet the girl had but cleverly taken advantage of the f aot that it washer brother who had introduced Fred to her. Joe Meroer welcomed him with the greatest cordiality, insisted upon his having a glass of ale, said it was a queer old inn, and there was many a strange tale told about it. "I don't bother my head about it myself, but Sarah there has a taste for these by-gone tales. You must oome over and see un again soon, sir, and get her to take yon down the road to old Mutter's. He will spin you yarns by the hour about it. I shouldn't wonder if old Bob had seen a sight or two in these walls he'd as lief not speak about." " Thanks," replied Fred, as he swallowed his ale and prepared to go, " I shall take an early opportunity of ooming over again; these smuggling legends always interest me, and you have promised to be my oioerone, Miss Mercer." She wasn't very clear what it was, but she nodded ascent and flashed her black eyes into his faoe as she accompanied, him to the gate. "Good-bye," she said; "don't forget to oome soon, and I'll take yon down to see old Mutter. Only give the old man a little tobacco and a trifle to buy rum with, and he'll go on yarning as long as you care to listen 'to him." And then with a quiok little nod she turned back to the house. Fred Hallaton was conscious of having passed a very pleasant afternoon aa he strode baok on his way to the railway station. As he nearod his goal ho encountered a fussy little man who, after eyeing him with evident interest, sud denly took off his hat and asked him if he oould tell him what o'clock it was. As the stranger wan palpably wearing a watch, at all events a chain,' Fred thought it rather singular he should make this request, and as he took out his own watch to comply with it observed I dryly, "I suppose yours don't go?" I "Well, yes, it does," stammered the stranger, "but—but, not quite with the— aoouraoy necessary"—and here the speaker's voice swelled as that of a man safely delivered of a lie—"to the happiness of a man of punctual habits"—— " Half-past 5, and I reoommend yon to look sharp," said Hallaton with a steady stare at his questioner; " I should think yonr friend would be anxious to see you." " Yes," replied Mr. Tootell, for he of course was the stranger; " poor old Joe Meroer looks to seeing me pretty well every day. Capital good ale at the Dragon, ain't it, sir ?" "Howthe devil should I know?"returned Hallaton so sharply that Mr. Tootell involun tarily took a step or two backwards. "No offenoe," he replied deprecatingly; " I didn't mean any harm I'm sure, bnt old Joe does keep good ale, and Sallie is an unoommon fine girl." " I don't know who you are or where yon may be going," rejoined Fred fiercely, "but I reoommend you to wherever it is to go—for if you pester me any more with your oonfounded remarks I'll chuck you down the next area we oome across." " Oh, I don't want to intrude upon anyone! especially the servants," rejoined Mr. Tootell, drawing himself up in a way that provoked a smile from Fred Hallaton's lips, "bnt I thought perhaps you were friendly with the Mercers." " Well, never mind what you thought," re joined Fred; " my way lies here and yours no doubt in some other direction." " Oh, I don't mind which way I walk. My time's at my own disposal; if you're going to the station I'll just look in and see how my watch tallies with the station clock. Perhaps you have a train to catch P If both our tickers are wrong it will be a case of' Oh, what a surprise!'" And Mr. Tootell was proceeding to warble a stave of the popular refrain when Hallaton turned sharply upon him and said, " Yon had better take your musical talents, sir, where they will be appreciated. In the mean while I wish you good morning." Mr. Tootell stopped. This was an insult to his vocal ability which he oould not overlook; moreover, as he admitted afterwards, "that tall young man looked dangerous." " Huffy!" he remarked to himself; "these military gents are apt to be supercilious. Now I wonder if he has been out at the Dragon!" [to be continued.] 