INVESTITURE OF ARCHBISHOP MURPHY. : . HOBART, Mat 12. ~^J,h. vast congregation assembled at St. Mary's Cathedral at the morning serviae to-day. The edifice was crowded, in every ' 'part, chairB and forms having to bo intro duced, and even then sitting accommoda tion could not be. .provided for all. There wore many present from, other, denomina- tions, -Anglican and Nonconformist. His. Excellency the Governor, Lady Hamilton, .the Private Secretary (Mr. H. W. B. Robinson)? and Sir Lambert and Lady Dobson, were furnished with special scats. The chucch was beautifully and tastefully decorated with flowers and banners, whilst outside an arch with, flags and wreaths had been erected. At 11 a.m. tho procession, which started from the Bishop's palace, entered the Cathedral, headed by Cardinal Moran, who appeared in the cardinal robes and cap denoting his office, followed by archbishops, prelates, deans,' and other, dignitaries and priests, the deacons (Dean Woods . and Archdeacon Hogan), and three acolyfce3, bearing the Cardinal's train. Dr. Murphy was attended by Fathers Noone and Feehan, and - proceeded up the eentral aisle to the altar, his: imminence the Cardinal takUg his : seat on the arohi-' episcopal throne. The Archbishop of Adelaide (Dr. * Reynolds) pontificated at High,. Mass, '.. the Very Rov. Dean Beeohinor being assistant priest, and Fathers Hennobry and Murphy acting as deacons /to Dr. Reynolds. Aftar the communion had been celebrated, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, _tho Cardinal's chaplain, removed his Eminence's cappa, and vested him in the white cope, mitre,, and pastoral . staff. . Archbishop Murphy was robed in full canonicals by his deacons, and was accompanied by them t» the altar. The pontifical rbrief or papal commission was then passed by Cardinal. Moran to Daan Beechinor, who read it to the congregation first in tha original and then in an Encrliah translation. Archbishop Murphy kneeling before his Eminencs at the altar, made the prescribed profession of fai^h of Pope Pius IV., and took the oath of allegiance to the Roman See. Cardinal Moran then read the prayers ordered for the occasion, and. invested Archbishop -: Murphy with the pallium. His Grace, Dr. Murphy, then blessed the congregation, and imparted the kiss of peace to Cardinal Moran and to each prelate. The clergy next approached and kissed Archbishop Murphy's ring in token of submission to his'archiepiscopal authority. Tha cere mony over, Cardinal Moran resumed his cardinal robes,and attended by his deacons and acolytes proceeded from the altar to the pulpit, selecting as his text St. John's Gospel, 17fch chapter, 17fch to 23rd verses inclusive. His Eminence, in commencing what was a very eloquent discourse, referred to that marvellous'^ unity. . of the Church upon which the Divine Saviour had been pleased to set his Beal, and to the holy sacrifice as instituted by Christ Himself, and offered daily upon a thousand altars, giving glory to God, pleading for mercy to a sinful world, and opening the fountains of grace to all that believed on Him. The Saviour breathed His blessing on the Holy Church, that all the children of men might believe in Him through the:Holy Ghost. It was a blessed thing to be associated with the ages past, and with .the church of glory that awaited them in the future. Imperial Roue had marshalled all its strength to combat /the Church of Christ, but;the blood of martyrs became the seed of Christian history, . and our merits and victories were their heritage lU-UUj. TV 11U. UU1.UUS UVUi KXULlUOiUy overpowered . and plundered Rome as the avenging messengers of the anger of God, but when they had done their work and retired, Christian, mis sionaries went forth to soften the hearts and save .the souls of the barbarians, and now the triumphs and the zeal and devotedness oE the missionary s '.-were the inheritance of the children of the Church. ?Corruption worked its .wicked way, am bitious men sought to seize the wealth of ages, men of evil hearts tried to turn the Church to 'their designs, and- lustful monarchs to win' her approval of their desires and deeds ; and had the Sovereign Pontiff yielded to the wishes of Henry the Till, and Queen Elizabeth England, that brightest jewel iu the Church's diadem, would not have been lost to her; but the Sovereign Pontiff was firm, and the heroism of her, pontiffs, was the possession of her children to-day; '.Ages might pass, But the Church remained one and uni versal. The prayer of the Saviour that his people ^ might be one held as good at the present 'time as in thej days of the apostles. Strengthening hitri wifclrHis own divine strength Christ had selected one of His disciples as a' rock upon 'which His churoh. should be founded.. Looking into the future the Savionr saw. Satan seeking by persecution, schiBm, and heresy, to destroy that church, but. the enemy must fail, because that church was founded upon the rook of St. Peter. Their fathers in the distant past had loved to emblazon on the walls of the catacombs the sacred story of Christ building HiB church Ton St. Peter, and one of these scenes the preacher him self had boheld in the secret receptacles of the martyrs of, old. It was. the, represen- tation of tho ascent of Elijah into Haaven, and the .descent of his ?-.: mantle upon. Elisha, but in . this , scene fViA Satrinnii -mrm .t ??nanriinn1 .' ?' n.nil A4r Peter was .portrayed 'as receiving his Divine Master's .'. mantle as a sign of tha impartation to him of authority and power. The preacher then ref«rr«d to tha time, exactly 45 years' ago, when the firat bishop, Dr. Willson, was enthroned in that diooese in tha humble ahureh of St. Joseph's, a bishop who, by his untiring -labours -to ameliorate the condition of _ tho .'unhappy prisoners and those worn out in body and' mind, had won a foremast plaee in tha list .of philanthropists. To-day, how - different 1 ? :' '?.??.. :: C- ?'.' ' .'??-?,'? the scene, when thoir venerable Bishop was surrounded by archbishops and pre lates,, and faithful priests gathered from afar to do him honour. It had pleased God that institutions designed to bear mighty fruit should bo cradled in tem pest ' and adversity. - The Australasian Church had been assailed by tribu lation and storm, and .in this calony, the fairest of ths graup, the : Church had been beset by contentions, divisions, and dissensions parhaps morahurtful evan than- persecution, but those days of sorrow had passed, and the clouds of affliction had melted away. Forty-five years ago dioceses whase prelate? were now present were many of them unheard of. That of Ade laide was unknown, the sees of Grafton and Goulbourn wera -villages,, but great were their proportions to-day. The national: empira to which they belonged was vaster than any other under the sun, compre hending . more peoples and tongues and greater reaou roes of commerce. Ho be lieved it was destined in God's good time to be a field for the ? Holy Church, the scene of her greatest victories. The standard of the cross was the standard of redemption and enlightenment, and a great, mission was opening in this southern isle. To-day the mantle of authority that was pictured ia tha old catacomb scene, as descending upon St. Peter had been bestowed by the koly Pontiff upon the prelate who so wisely' ruled] this portiea of his realms, and tho preacher prayed that the devoted pastor wko had that day received the special pledge of authority and union with the Haly Sae, might continue to lead his ekildrea in the paths of Christ, sanctifying and enlightening: them, and guiding tkem by his own - saintly life so that when tka Divina San shall oome.his hands maybe found full of merits, and virtues, and 'crowns of glory be the inheritance of his flock. . ? . ??-.'??' — Having concludad his discourse, which was listened to with rapt attention, his Eminence re-entered the sanctuary, gave a solemn blessing to the congregation, and the procession of prelate? and ecclesiastics ra-forming siarohod out of the church to tha sacristy, where his Eminence held a levee.' His Excellency the Governor. Sir Lambert Dobson, and several other promi nent gentlemen wore presented and then left for their homos, the ecclesiastical party returning .to the palace. 'The very effi cient chair of the cathedral, undei tka conductorahip of Mr. J. M'Cann, and assisted by a band of eight instruments, under Mr. J. Brown, rendered the m«Bio, commencing with the processional .march, and compminu 'lyria,'' Gloria,' 'Sanc- tus,' 'Agnus Dai,' .from Mozart's Twelfth Mass, and 'Credo' from Farmer'^ Mass. Misses Thornton and Bingham and Mr. Johnson were tke soloists, and', a .solo with charus was rendored'at th« conclusion, Miss Shields ably officiating as organist. At vespers Cardinal; Moran was again pro sent and gave tho pontifical blessing. HO BART, Mai 13. St. Peter's Hall, Lower Collins-street,, was most tastefully, decorated on the occa sian of a visit there to-day from Cardinal Moran,- Archbishop Murphy, and the visiting dignitaries. _A guard of honour from St. Joseph's Cadet Corps and the Drum and Fife Band were drawn up at the door andsaluted his Eminence on arrival. Within the building were some 300 girls and boys belonging to the various Romai Catholic schools. An address of welcome from the children was presented to Cardinal Moran, who in replying,' thanfed the children. There was nothing in which he took a deeper in terest than in the welfare of Roman Catholic schools. Judging from what he had seen the schools were a success. 'They had good schools, and that was one means_of bringing the whole colonies together. When Australia was federated a great future awaited -Tasmania. He had heard a great statesman remark that when federation was accomplished Hobart would be the centre of the colonies. -When he remembered the beauties and advantages of Tasmania; he did not think the state ment overdrawn. ' ?? . , After musical selections came an address from the children to the visiting prelates. '.'. Tho Archbishop of ! Adelaide expressed pleasure' at seeing the system of training carried on by the Sisters of Charity and the ' lay teachers. .They, could- not too strongly extend the system of education. jh.8 in common with his fellow bishops would not be. content with anything less than pure Catholic education. They came of a race who liked education, but they preferred to have none than to take it from, a' poisoned source. - They ought not to have their children' in the .State schools, where the name of God was not mentioned. Parents must unite with' the clergy, and not rest until they had obtained Catholic education. : ? ~ .'? '?'''.''? '?'??_?. Next followed an address of congratu lation to Archbishop Murphy from the children. ,': ;. --. ' : Archbishop Murphy expressed thanks; Ho was pleased that they felt tho honour of the'high dignity conferred upon him. The honour wasintendedto cover the whole of the Roman Catholic Church in Tasmania, and to. give a stimulus to further extension. The dignity meant work for all— -a work to advancl the -holy religion and education in the diocese. ;-.''.- ' Cheers' ior -the visitors brought the pro ceedings to a termination. _,: Cardinal Moran attended, to-night at a musical entertainment given by the young ladies of the Presentation, Convent. Inquiries made by Mr. HennikerHeaton show that during -the last-three years the: number, of postcards printed and sold by private persons has increased from 6,030,000 to 50,000,000. - ; 