THE LACHLAN. (FBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDENT.) SATURDAY, October 12. A quirter inch of rain has fallen since my last. The clover and other herbage is in full bloom, and now would be the time to cut it down for Hay. Mr. Egeson's prediction of a three years' drought is causing some consternation All the more so because his previous forecasts have been fulfilled to the letter. His advice to prepare for the worst wonld be a wise policy to adopt even by those who had little faith in weather prophets. A late Bishop of Melbourne would not pray for rain one dry year, because the waters tbat might have been conserved were allowed to run to waste. His Lordship dared not to tempt Providence, and people must suffer for their own neglect. The other day I observed a flock of Wyadra sheep pass over a plot of herbage that was up to their backs The result was as if heavy iron rollers had levelled it to the ground. I could'nt keep thinking had the mowing machine passed over it what a fine lot of hay would have been secured, besides giving clearance for a new crop of grass to grow. Fancy miles of country as rich and luxuriant as that plot, which ia actually the case this season. I learn that the new store premises in Hillston are now completed, and they are being filled with general merchandise and will be ready to open on the 19th. There are four large merchants now in that new municipality of different nationalities. Opposition is the life of trade. Several other buildiogs are in course of erection. It is said tbat Hillston bas a great future in store, and that it is destined, owing to and ^ rich pasture lands, to become the great Lachlan centre. . A . n employe on Merrowie got bitten on the handbya largecentipede. The pain was most excruciating They took him to the doctor, and on the way dosed him with brandy and rum. The pain lessened after every swallow. By the time they reached Hillston the agony had considerably abated, and the contorted muscles of the poor feHow's face had assumed a less fierce aspect. « You have been drinking," said the medico. " I have on the way in." «* Ah, then, Z couldn't have ordered yon anything better as a cure. Go and drink more." And the patient went and did. That night he couldn't "stand his lane." Result: Next morning centipede venom neutralised, and in the estimation of the patient the doctor was the very best man in the wide creation. A well known Hillstonian had been oat at Mount Hope. He was riding homeward at a brisk rate when his steed suddenly came down. He was thrown to earth with some violence,, and lay there unconscious for a time. When he came to himself his horse lay beside him with one leg sticking out in such a fashion as indicated that the limb was broken, and the animal would never again be able to rise. The rider escaped with a bruised shoulder, so thinking the animal would be of no more use he shouldered the saddle and sped as fast as be could to the nearest place, which was four miles away. When near there he heard a noise behind him, aud on looking round, behold ! it was hi* disabled horse, which followed. He could scarce believe his eyes, and had it been after nightfall he would have dropped the saddle and taken to his heels to proclaim the sensational story that the ghost of his horse had chased him. To his great satisfaction he was ab!e to saddle and mount Moral: Don't get too intimate with that capricious fellow, John Barley* corn. He makes one sec things that are not, and to believe things that never were. Lnder his spell one man cannot see through the rnngs of a ladder; another can see a hayptack in & tussock of grass, or a mountain in an ant hillock. Confound those buzzing, fizzing, impudent, restless, worrying, torturing flies. They are here in swarms. O how tbey tickle and tease from the rising to the setting sun. Not a moment's respite from tbem all day long. How happy would I be did Biddy but show to me the same affection these insect? do, all but the bunged eye they have given me, which has been closed these two days, and is as big as a small turnip. Yen must excuse if I dot my t's and stroke my i's, as I see crooked and round a corner just now. I believe that to have the use of only one eye hereabouts in summer time is to be in the fashion. Flies all day and mosquitoes all night How happy and glorious 1 