AN ADVENTURE IX THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. Mackintosh and I had been college " chums." We were both members of large families, and unfortunately, in our estimation at least, not eldest sons. So we determined we would not be drags on the family income, but would carve our own way in the world. So amid the tears and lamentations of sisters and cousins innumerable, we sailed one day for a new sphere of life altogether. The colony of Victoria was as yet in its youth, the aborigines still held the new settlers, to a certain extent, in a state of apprehension as to property, and even sometimes as to personal safety. We were both bound for the same sheep station in the " bush,5' and as we were going out for the main purpose of learning the busiuess of sheep-farming, we felt that we would not need to be above going into all its details, however disagreeable or rough the service might be. MacDermott, our " boss," to use a more modern west-world phrase, was one of the oldest hands at sheep-fann ing in the colony. He was a Scotch man like ourselves, and our " run" was considered one of the best-'"Oak lands" by name. We had our stations also, to which sheep from head quarters were sometimes drafted. Tor a short time after our arrival Mackintosh and I stayed together at Oaklands to see business, but at the time of my story he had been for some ?weeks at " Walba Vale," a splendid out- station far in the bush. " Douglas," said the " boss" to me one morning, " Hector is off work just now" (mean ing the head shepherd), " laid up with a bad foot; could you take the three score sheep up to Wamba to-night P I can see no danger in you doing so, but you had better take your own dog, a revolver and some ammunition, though there is not the least chance of you needing them, as the natives i are quiet at present." A pang shot ' through me at the thought. I was young and inexperienced at the work, but I would allow nothing to make me look like a coward in the eves of Mac Dprmott. " Yes, sir," I answered most laconicaly. " I will do it." It would take me two nights and a day to reach " Wamba Vale." We were to start at sundown that night, rest the whole of next day in the heat, and would arrive at our destination by day break of the following morning; so it took me the whole forenoon to clean my pet revolver, fiiJ the ammunition bag, put up some eatables for myself arid Tweed, a splendid collie I had brought from the old country. Sundown came, and off we set in a very respectable and orderly manner, Tweed, like the colonel, eyeing his corps with keen criticism. For the nrst six hours we marched well. It was nearly full moon at this time, and 1 could not help fancying, as the moon would now and again emerge from a cloud, that there were either ghosts, phantoms, or images of shadow-land or some kind dodgiug our steps. I even thought I saw and heard figures ot some kind flittering near us^ but called myself a coward and a fool for my pains. Tweed, however, did not seem altogether at his ease; he kept close to my heels, whining now and then with a dissatisfied expression. 1 he sheep looked tired, so about one m the morning, we reached a clearing, down we all camped for an hour or two. Fortunately water was near, as it was close to an artificial tank put there for the benefit of travellers like ourselves. I lit my fire, lit my pipe, gave Tweed directions about the sheep and, soon lost in thought of home and old companions, I fell iuto a light sleep. I was suddenly awakened by a long low growl from Tweed, and look ing round, I could hardly have im agined a more weird-looking scene, ihe tall, bare trunks of the Aus tralian trees environed us, each one looking like a ghost in the moonlight and surely yes, surely- there were figures appearing and disappearing with a light fantastic sort of step that set my weak heart beating most un comfortably ; but soon all was per fectly still, and again I chast'sed my self mentally. What would I not have given for the warm grasp of a friendly hand at that moment, and the thought of Mackintosh (dear old fellow!) awaiting us, gave me strength and courage. It was going on towards morning now; still an hour or two of tramping could be done, so with ad vancing light we again set off. Poor 5*. Tweed seemed bowed down with his responsibilities. Such a splendid and powerful dog as he was quite comforted, me, and I could even leave the counting of a flock to him. Not one was missing that night. Would we have escaped as safely the nest? A long rest nest day, some good feed ing, plenty of pulls at my friendly pipe and the assuring presence of day light quite set me up ; and at sundown again we set off in high spirits. Again six hours of steady marching and again the same awful misgivings of being followed! Again about one m the morning, a clearing was reached, round which a clump of the same tall gaunt, and branchless trees reared their stems. The night had been airless and hot and a horrible sense of the near pre sence of unseen enemies seemed to suffocate me. I had taken the pre caution of loading two rounds of mv revolver, ff it was a native ambush that dodged my steps, I would be ready, and the unknown power of firearms was the one thing that kept them in check by the settlers. Again we camped. The sheep, very tired were soon perfectly still, but nothing would satisfy Tweed. He lay close at my feet, giving restless moans and whines. I ht my fire and pipe, but could not sleep. Again the fond faces or home came before my vision, when ah ! Tweed! what was the matter with him? He crept closer to me, and seemed to prepare himself for a spring - and I knew that, whatever happened Tweed must keep close to me or it would be death to him. "Down Tweed, down," I whispered, raising myself on one knee, and looking cautiously round, one hand grasping his neck, and the other my revolver What had happened to the trees? They almost seemed to move, and looked so thick and black in the moonlight, till-awful revelation I I saw that each had a native behind it! Silence now was my rote, and wait I.ng- I would not be the first to attack. 1 looked at the sheep for a moment and saw that the ambush lay around them, and in that moment the first advance was made. A little deter mined-looking savage stepped out fol towd by a band of sooty followers. Down, Tweed, down," again I whis pered, or he would have been at their throats in an instant. Brandishing their weapons on they came, uncertain whether I had firearms or not. "atience, I said to myself, utterly astonished at the coolness now that had taken possession of me* " Don't kill a man if you can help it;" but with a war-yell that resounded in through the bush, on came the leader frantie with rage and gesticulation. Quickly rising to my feet, with one steady aim I fired, and down dropped the man at the leader's side. Conster nation took possession of the band and they quiekly retired, dragging their comrade's body away, and I as quickly reloaded, patted Tweed, and again waited. Oh, the agony of that moment! Would I never see home again seemed to be my one thought, and it goaded 'me to action and a de termination to sell my life dearly. Half an hour had not passed before back came the frantic little leader supported by a huge bodyguard of iol!owers. I had my six chambers loaded, pretty sure I would need then aii. and at a determined advance again 1 fired, once! twice! thrice! till the still morning air was filled with the ye Is of dying men. Tweed behaved ncbly^he knew now that I wanted him to lie at my feet; it was his only safety and without him I would have been lonely indeed; but how he trembled with a desire to be at mv assassins! Again they returned, dragging the dead comrades with them and I took my remaining time and Btrengthto reload. 1 saw clearly now that these Bavages would be utterly disorganised if their leader was gone, so determined the next attack to aim for him at once. Daylight was now coming in, and once more back tliey mustered, the leader in front as be fore. Onee! twice! thrice! again I fired, and as often a man dropped, but still there in front was that furious little demoniacal-looking object coming on straight in the teeth of my revolver. Looking hiai full in the face, I fired. Good heavens! had it missed, hung fire, or what ? and it was my last shot. I felt his breath hot on my face, when in a moment, he was rolling at my feet in death agonies. What was it or who was it that was grasping his throat like a vice? Ah, Tweed, my noble dog; now was his time for action, and he did not spare my enemy. In a few moments the leader was dead and the band dispersed. So now in the blessed daylight, we would try to push on for help. I knew they would come back for their dead aud dying; and so load ing once more, and giving poor Tweed some water from my flask, and gather ing the sheep, we set off as quickly as I had strength to go. A rustling in the scrub ? or was it the sighing of the wind through the branchless trees ? or oh! was it the enemy at our heels again ? No, it was none of these things; but presently I heard a long low whistle, and then plunging- out of a thicket beside me came Madia, Mackintosh's dog. In another moment the dear old fellow himself caugbt me in his arms, and I was surrounded by friendiy faces. London Sun. 