OPERA HOUSE— THE FOOL'S REVENGE. 'Tom Taylor's tragedy of The Fool's Revenge was played 011 Saturday night at tho Opera House in the presence of a satisfactory audience. Mr. Miln in the leading rote achieved a signal triumph. Most actors of noto, however extcn-. sive their repertory, appear to select one great character for their special study, which in a manner becomes their chef iVouvrc. Thus Erooke will bo remembered for his A'irginius, Jelforson for his Kip Tan AVinkle, rhelps for his Sir Rortinax Macsycophant and others whose names might be mentioned. So for ns Melbourne playgoers have boon enabled to judge, Mr. Miln lias selected ns his model a character which illus trates the hypothesis that tho mind is an infallible index of the body — that men alilicted with physical defects possess a corresponding mental constitution in which the malignant qualities largely predominate. AVitliout pausing to consider the injustice and absurdity of the proposition iuvolved by such n view of human nature, it may be remarked that, as if impressed with this theory, Mr. Miln hus bestowed more than ordinary care in tlio elabora tion of Richard III. and the uu- huppy Kortuccio. The business introduced in the two characters is very much alike, but it seems more appropriate to the impersonation of the Fool. There is in each a decidedly under current of feeling. 'They seek to accomplish their purpose by almost similar means. Their deception is marked by a wheedling sednctivo manner, nnd each manifests n diabolical ecstaey when his object is well nigh gratified. - But Gloster is swayed by a higher motive. His may be said to bo the last infirmity of noble minds, where the jester is nnimatcd by — Tile patient hate anil vigil long (If him who treasures uji a wrong. Bertuccio's real character was dovcloped by tho hateful influence of a meaner though no less overpowering passion than the last of the 1'laii- tagonets, and tlio devices lie lias recourse to with a view to working out his purposo scent more conformable to the man. Herein lies the explanation of Mr. Mitn's success oh Saturday night. It might be urged that lie laid on tlio darker colors too heavily ; that tile representa tion was too sombre, and that sutlicicnt em phasis wns not given to tlio more tigroonblo qualities of tlio character. The Fool was made to appear cither grovelling or ferocious, while the soft and tender traits of liis nature received scant, if any, consideration. It would scarcely he possible to express grace and delicacy of feel ing iu language more refined and just than that iu which Bertuocio reveals to Fiordolisa the secret of his life. Look upon me, child ; Misshapen as I am, there once wns one Who, seeing me despised, mocked, lonely, puor, Loved me, f think most for my misery : 'J'hy mother, like tliec, just so pure, so sweet. 1 was a public notary at Cosemi ; Our life wns humble, but so luippy ; thou Wert in thy cradle then, and many a night Thy mother and 1 sate hand iu hand together, , Watching tliy iinincent smiles, aml lmihtihg up Long plans of joys to come. This passage was delivered in a voice that still' vibrated with passionate vehemence from the outburst of frenzy that had preceded it, nnd wns /followed by a torreiit uf vituperative denunciation against those at whoso hands lie had suffered. 'The memories' of a once happy period of his life, the association of a faith ful, loving, beautiful partner, and of the innocent pledge of mutual affection, would subdue and soften tho most obdurate spirit, hut Mr. Miln, while I10 certainly moderates liis tone, never allows the lierce current of liis fell pur pose to be forgotten for a moment. Possibly some might regard this treatment of tho text ns consistent anil judicious, but it certainly ren dered tho picture more hideous and repulsive. Apnrt, however, from this single feature, upon which opinions may differ, it must be said of Air. Miln's performance that it. deserved entire and unequivocal commendation. It took complete possession of the audience. It was alternately thrilling, overwhelming, terrible, and' in tho final scene almost painfully pathetic. The poor Fool while plottihg the ruin of his enemies becomes unconsciously enmeshed in the net lie lias laid for tliuin, and instead of giving, eti'ect as lie expected to the old ALosaio axiom, an dye for an eve and a tootli for a tooth, lie assists in the abduction of iiis own daughter instead of tile wife of the man wiio liuil wronged him. 'The revulsion of feeling that follows upon the discovery of his mistake— tho agony arising from the possible consequences ot' liis disap pointed vengeance, tho horror of what liis child' may ho subjected to at the moment, nnd the' sense of utter helplessness to cope with tlio situation sway the mind nnd influence tiie action of tlio wretched father, and, despite liis wickedness and folly, only arouse pity and sympathy. In saving tho heroine from' the fate xvhtch for a time seemed, inevitable, the playwiiglit sacrifices art to popu lar sentiment. It may, as a storv, bo more pleasant to find that Fiordolisa marries Scrafinri, but the plot, from its essential nature, demands tiie child 110 less than tho parent as a victim. 'There is something exquisitely touching in Bertuccio, pierced with wounds, dragging him self towards the pour girl, who is supposed to have taken poison, to look liis last and take his last embrace, and had tlio curtain then fallen the tragedy would have been complete, but a soit of unti-cliiiiox is brought about when Bor- tuccio, having found that Fiordelisa lias recovered, proceeds to go through tlio some what protracted process of yielding up tiio ghost. The dying scene was, nevertheless, powerful and realistic. Air. Afiln must be credited with indomitable pluck and energy, both as a man ager and as an actor. He is lighting an uphill gumo against almost overwiieimiiing oilds, but lie keeps steadily working 011 to ciniuenco iu liis profession, which, we believe, he values more than the pecuniary advantage attending a suc cessful career. AVitli regard to Miss Jordan, it must ho said, even at the risk of seeming inconsiderate, that she requires rest. Physically she is incapable of sustained effort, and the evident pain she oxpoi icnced iu bravely holding out against the effects of severe indis position wns pitialdc, and necessarily disarmed any criticism which her performance of the part of the heroine might otherwise call for. She is hardworking and conscientious, aud full of love of her art, and anxious to assist Air. Miln in his arduous undertaking of popularising tlio classic drama, but her powers are not equal to iier will and persistence. Air. 11. N. Douglass made a tolerably acceptable Afniifredi. Air. Ooliett Dobson wns a trifle wooden as tho old fossil, Alalilesta. Atr. Harry Uoilson did fairly as Torelli, nnd Air. Ilolf was capable as Ordclatti, especially iu the scene with the duenna. Air. Grecnaway had a suitable part as tho poet, and Aliss Docy Atainwuring was exceedingly amusing as Brigetta. Aliss Kate Douglass was not'cqituT to thoforcoof character reqitisito fortlieDucliess, but nevertheless, if she failed to aid she did not mar the general excellence of the entertainment. 'The scenery, by Air. Grist, was deserving of every praise, particularly that employed in the iirst not representing tlio exterior of Manfredi's Fnlncc. The orchestra, under tho baton of Air. 'Titos. Zcplln, is a marked advance upon the indifferent music to which playgoers are "too frequently treated in connection with the drama. 