CORRESPONDENCE \--4- THE PECULIAR DEATH OF A GIRL AT WICKHAM. TO THE EDITOR. Smn,-Assuming that you are sincere in your declaration that your abuse of my medical employer and myself is all on public grounds, lot me suggest that you help to find out the real circumstances of the case : 1\. By ascertaining how the patient was treated by those about her. 2\. Who the druggist was who prescribed for her without seeing her;" what medicine he sent her; and how much he was paid for it ? 3\. What medicine a medical gentleman sent her, after being paid for it, also without even seeing the patient ? 4\. Who the doctor was who recom. mended an immediate removal from Newcastle, and left a prescription ? [These three' gentlemen, you must bear in mind, all. came after my first and only visit. I 5\. Why none of these were called to the inquest, although I earnestly. requested that such should be done ? 6\. Why no evidence was given as to the post-mortem state of the stomach ? 7\. Why, after administering the medicine I supplied, for scarcely half a day, the friends, without paying for the same, put it aside, obtained treat ment from others for cash, and then, after several days' had elapsed, they returned to me for a certificate ? Show, by trying to find all this out, that you really are studying the public good, and are not acting as the mere cat's-paw of a set of conspira tors? You have grossly wronged me in every way in your power. You have shown that you won't be reasoned with; that because you have a certain prejudice you will blind yourself to all argument from the other side; that you will persist in hunting down the only one who was put to trouble and expense in the matter without receiving a farthing in return. Show, sir, by trying to find out all 'the real circumstances of the case, and laying them clearly and faithfully before your readers, that there is nothing behind all the ghosts you have raised but the public good. Although, I have every time ad dressed you with courtesy and candour, you have called me impudent, and ap plied other naughty epithets to me. I shall, nevertheless, refrain from be ing rude in return, although you sneer at being treated politely by a man of my stamp.. I shall, however, tell you that you are regarded by all I have sppken to, as an ill-mannered, ill-in formed, intolerant bigot, under all cir cumstances. I trust you will show, by finishing this business in a different spirit, that this opinion of you is incorrect, al though to myself you have acted with the utmost injustice and -cruelty, with the bright, exception of giving publicity to my letters-for which I thank you. As you have at present the control of the Herald type, you will, of course, give yourself the benefit of the last word; but that will prejudice me chiefly with those won't read both sides, or who cannot reason. Well, I make you a present of such.-Yours obediently, HENRY EGBERT. P.S.-The time is not, perhaps, far distant when a great man of: "your stamp" will not be so mightily above a "man of my stamp."-H.E. 