1Ro\niist. liie Midnight Prophecy <11;. EEIR OF STESTiiSPEY TOWERS. Jit/ Em am tjurristm Jon HAL'TEU XII. I:OMIH s. TIii; eountess and -Judith drew Hear the little farm-house. It was pretty, snug place, a box of a cottage nil ovi-r, hung with nuiiiiug creepers. with ouaint lat ? iced windows, mid sloping eaves, beneaTh which the wrens and martins twittered. A square, green yard, shaded by a giant oak, beneath which an old man. wearing the simple garb of it Tyrol pensun!. sat, ri..kering at a broken sheep-bell, wInch lie v.-as vainly trying to mend. As she approached th«- wicket-gate, the -«'unless grew deadly white, and leaned .v-avily on .Judith's arm for support. "<))i. -Judith.'jshe murmured. "how aitiiiiar everything seems 1 ieci as it 1 ad Jived here."' *? Yes, my lady." iei>li< d the girl, her .".vii cheeks very pale, and lier voice nn toady : " tin-rc's not one t hing different: even remember the peculiar make of 'ie windows, and ihat smooth. worn stone r. ihc door. Oh, ii is very strange They opened the wicket and crossed I he reen yard. The old peasant dropped his oil and rose to his lei a;, their ap roaeh. **My lady in faint ihis morning," spake udith. *" ^ oiihl yoii lir good enough to r, her have a drink of ftvw; milk .' Ay, ay, to he sure, replied the old sail, nothing incessantly. t'ouie in, coinu a ; J»y old woman's laying the dinner :nw-come right in." Tliev followed him across * lie smooth 'one step, and through the vine-shaded <:oi"»vay ; and there, in ihe centie of the >hiie, sanded ll.tor, sio.id a t-ouare table, .t out with shining p-'xvter platters. I.adv Strathspey gasped l.-er breath, and ung tightly to Judith's arm. The wife, who sat in the chimney Tiier, with her spectacles <>n her nose, -sc up wiils star tied exclamation. '* "Why, bless me !" she cried, seizing ?ozi tho countess, and assisting her to a .it on the wooden settie. " I'oor thing! ails in-r V 4 She's ill and faint," explained -Juith, uid came to beg :> drink of new ilk.' '. And she .shall have it. continued the d woman : "but sit ye down yourself." ;e added, glancing at -Judith's white eeks. " Ve are like a pair of ghosts, ith of ye. (."'iinc, sit down, anil I'll -.ve the dinner on the table in a wink, i'js the very tlin;g, too. as'II suit ye. be .g ailing-chicken brorh and dumplings, ;id a .drop or beer to wash it down ; my .id man always wains it when he's ailing. Come, sit ye down V -Judith oheved, sitting down beside her mistress, and the woman llew about. get i.inflrher savoiy meal upon Lii" table. while her husband sat on the si one door-sill, slapping sit the llies that buzzed in the noon sunlight. Presently a gleeful shout and a ripling burst of childish iaughter broke upon the silence, and from a little back bed-cham ber a little fellow, somi: three summers old. came dancing into the room. Seeing the strangers, he came to a sud den halt, and stood like a statue, his scarlet smock-frock disclosing his round, bare legs and dimpled feet, and a ijueer litliecap, oriiamt-nted with a long feather surmounting his head, -,vhh Lis profuse tlaxen ringlets. There he stoud. his great blue eyes wide with childish wonder. " Why, /»'?-*, cried ili-j <jid woman, 11 can't ye"-say how d'ye do to ihe ladies! Have ye forgot your manners >" Romulus doffed his plumed cap, nnd dippedjhis curly flaxen head. "'How d'ye do. ladiesV" he said, obediently. At the sound of the sweet, lisping voice, ihe countess, who had sat. since the child's appearance like one turned to stone, uttered a patli<-t3c cry, and springing for ward, caught the hoy to her bosom. "Oh, my haby .' my lost darling ! tny ftwn precicus child !" she cried, between her bursting sobs and passionate kisses; " I knew I should find you, you precious lost lamb!" The old peasant and his wife stood 1 junderstruck ; but the little fellow, no thing daunted, wound his chubby arms ftbout ihe lady's neck, suid put his ruddy iheek a^aiust liers. ; " L>-in t fcy I "he. lisped, entre;itingly; " liui:tm:c likes lady !-Kumniie likes her!" " Do ye see, old uiau T quoth the wife to bur husband, her voice full of pain. " What did 1 teil ye the night y*i fouud him ! Didn't I say, just as we got our hearts set on him some fine folks would J come in aiul snatch him away ? Yes, I did : and 1 wish ye'd left him to the milch goat, that 1 do."' Whereupon, leaving her dinner oulv half-dished, she sat down, and carrying her apron to her eyes, began to cry her Thc l»oy's <(uiclc eyes soon no! iced licr, and clamberii.g down from Lady S(rath sjicy's knee, he ran to her side. ". I'yi'i, «i<« ky» graud-mudder," he pleaded, tugging at her apron ; " JAOinmie likes grand-mudder, too." The old man caught him up in his arms. " He's mine ! the hoy's mine!" he said, almost savagely : " and I'll jjive him up to one. U is father and mother abandoned him la the mercy of my milch goat, and lies iihiii'. The countess and >1 udith holh uttered a simultaneous cry at < his confirmation of llieir strange dream. The old lean regard.d them with angry suspicion. ** My good women,"' he said, 4* what does all this mean Y Can't .ye explain yourselves, and tell me what's the mat ter V l!y a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wiped the streaming tears from her cheeks. *" My good sir," she replied, the ex planation 1 have to give to ymi is a strange one, which possibly you may not believe -indeed, 1 cannot believe it at tini'.'S myself ; but my maid here can b.'ar me. out in what 1 have to say." J Whereupon she related al". the niy.ste-v- j ious circumstances of 1 he disappearance of ! her I in be on the night of his birth ; ard ] also the stfiiuge dream which Judith had j lirst. dreamed and then herself. 1 And the old man and his wife listened ] in speechless amazement, while the sum- 1 mer sunshine crept slowly over the sanded j ill tor, and the savoury dinner grew cold j upon the talile. When she had finished j they sat looking into ..ach other's faces to utter consternation. " It must be that <Jod sent us the dream," continued the countess, '" for it haunted ine day and night ever since. 1 could not rest one moment. And this morning the instant my eyes beheld this place 1 knew it. and I know as surely, al though another usurps his place, that the boy is my own, the babe who was stolei froni my arms in the very hour of 111.5 birth, the rightful heir to the Earldom of iiuethspey Towers. .'And now. my good people," she con tinued, '* I have told you my strange story, and 1 implore you to let ine hear yours. Tell me liow ami when you came by this child ; and J pray there may be some proof by which L can restore him to his rightful place.'" The old couple sat in ut ter silence for a few mouieuts, overwhelmed by what tliev had heard. The idea that it was a young <*;irl they had fostered tilled them with absolute affright. The old man spoke at la si. "Old woman." he said, drawing a long breath, and resuming his scat on the door sill, '"you are glibber of the tongue than 1 am-you :ell the story. The old woman put Romulus from iier knee, and wiped her eyes with her apron. " Talk of being glib of tongue now," she began, after hearing such a story as her-why.'the very memory's beat out of me. I do declare it reminds me of the old stories in the Hihle 'bout llie days of the Apostles. Hut 1 II do the best lean, vour highness," she continued, bowing profoundly io the -countess : "and if my memory be bad 1 11 stick io the truth : "It was on the tenth of January ; 1 re member that well, 'cause our red liefer hail a eaif 011 New Year's Day-and on that, very morning the old man says. *Old . wouinn, the red heifer s calf be ten day's j old to-day, and v< iu can begin to steal a I mite of the drippings-you "tend to her and * 1} go and look after the iroats.' .So I went town to the cattle-shod, and milked the drippings, and fed the heifer, aud came home and laid out dinner. By that time here comes the old man all of a flutter. * Molly,'he said, *tliehead milch go;it is missing :" and nothing would do but 1 must go and help him hunt her. " Well, away we went, and a pretty tramp we had ! Through the valleys, ami up the mountains, till 1 thought. 1 should drop in my shoes. At last, way 011 fx - ward sundown, we spies her. perched on the top of that bald cliII' at the left yonder." "Oh, my lady!" ejaculated Judith. " (io on. my good woman," urged the countess. ?' \\\Tel 1. ill* re >lie be perched rinht atop of the cliff. * Whj-. old woman,' says the old mail, 'she's got kids' Who'd a thought it. ? Y.»u must, go up and bring them down in your apron, while i fetch her down/ " .So up we tnssled, my very bones ach ' nig with p:mi. and Lord bless you. my dear lady, what «1 ye "spose we saw when we reached h'T'[ Not a kid, but a little. Jive baby, and it a sucking the goat, aud its dear little mouth all wet with the milk." Lady Strathspey covered her face, con vulsive sobs shaking her from head to foot. "I didn't feel my aches a bit after that,"" the old woman went on : " I takes up the child, and the old man shoulders the milch-goat, and down we come." " The clothes !** gasped the countess. I Have you the clo'lies the child had on ; when you fouud him '{" " Yes, 1 kepi them. * They may be of I use to the child one of these days," says [ the old mats, l-ut that day, as 1 was tell | in've, we brought the eliild home, and do | you know my old man he takes the milc-h Roat right into my back room, and there he ke-'pshcr, only turning her out to graze once iu a while, and tLe baby he sucked that goat for six round months, and 1 never see a child thrive ;ts he did. "]Vly old mm used to be book-lariied when he was young," she went on, glanc ing admiringly at the old shepherd 00 the sunny door-step. " and he says he's read of a boy as a wolf suckled, and he was called Romulus-so nothing would do but the baby be named after him. SSo Kornulua is his name. "1 She paused an instant, her lips«juiver ing. .. We've 110 children of our own,'" she went on, at last, her voice shaking. "We had a hoy once, as promising a lad as over Jived, but he went to sea, and was lost fifteen years ago. And we can t tell, my lady, ho'.v wo took to this child ^ 'Lleaven | has sent liim,' the old uiau said. ' lo chcer i us ill our old age.' We've done the best j ve could for him, and it's like tearing out I our hearts to give him uv, hut, hearing your story, I'm convinced tli.it he's your child, and Heaven sent ye to iind him." The old man drew the wondering hoy tf> liis arms, and resting his old forehead on his iiaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. " My dear, good friends "she said, "don't grieve now, Fin not going to take the child from vou. I. shall want you to keep hiui for me. a long time, perhaps, until 1 can got proofs, ami all tliat.. to establish him in his right placc. You have never heard aught in regard to him, or found out how he came to the mountain. J suppuse .'Never a word, my lady,'1 replied 1 IK: old man. brightening up at the prospect of keep ing the child. .'My lady."' whispered .lud.th, at this junc ture, .» here comes Lord Strathspey." The countess arose in consternation. " It is my husband,"' she exclaimed, " hut 1 do not wish him to know about the child yet. I'lease tak; him away." The old woman caught up the boy, and rushed iuto the adjoining room, closing the door after her. "Take this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, ami forcing it into the old man's hand : I will come again soon, lie good to ni3' boy, and may Heaven bless you." She reached the wicket just, in time to meet the carl. He looked at her Hushed s cheeks and swollen eyes in amazvnient. j "Marguerite,"1 he said, as he drew her arm j through his. '. I was so impatient £ came to j seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me what j all this means ? What do you know of these j people ! What ai!s you "Trust me, di.art.s1. Angus."1 she sobbed, clinging to his arm: "you siiail know all soon -only trust, me.'" And tJjc earl conducted her hack to the I waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion »growing stronger ami stronger in his J mind that Doctor Keiifrew was right, j and tiis wife was indeed i" danger of in | Lord Strathsiiey ro:ic back to Ins lodging'-, J besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in ! moody silence. All the spirit and 7._*st of the morning had left him, and the fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her. and forgot, to reply . o her when sin: spoke. She drove her spur into her horse's Hank, and set her white teeth together in rage at herown ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. lint she was likewise very reso lute, and she concluded to let the moody carl ride <iu in silence and bide her time. For as sure as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright npon the green valleys of the Tyrol, should that seif-sauie moody earj -this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her-be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his Jolly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten ? Had the memory of those old days at Cavendish Manor faded from Iter?-those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a. life of love and triumph outstretching be- I fore her 1 j Do women like her ever forget a wrong or I a disappointment? My lady set her white I teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her I blue-black eyes glittered with a baleful, | phosphorescent light, as she galloped along by the earl's side. 