ART & LITERATURE That very unpleasant ex-King Milan of oerria is going to write his autobiography with the intention of presenting the volume to his son, the present king, when the youth reaches his majority. The first volume of another *series1 has just made its appearance inI#ondon. This is ' Baron Munchausen's Travels,' illustrated wi<£ Crowquill's original blooKs. The Lotos Series is the name of this new enterprise. Two styles of binding are used. A brilliant but dissipated English writer once gave this queer excuse for yielding to, 'flowing bowl' temptations; 'Well, the truth of the matter is that I have to stupefy myself to a certain extent before I can fully enjoy an ordiuary conversation.' It was an arrogant but apparently perfectly frank re mark. The secret of Thackeray's influence hardly appears on the surface. Had he been a sa tirist pure and simple, the most delicate humour would scarcely commend him to an age which suffers from indigestion of thought and can onlyeoncedethe ghost cf a smile to . burlesque itself. Some lew of us, no doubt, of wonderful reserve power, can bear the extra strain of observant humour. For Ahem the turmoil has its Compensations, and satire eemstbe salt of life. For the rest, Thaok seray would taste like a dry and bitter cru&t;, but for a characteristic more winsome than it-viz., fellow-feeling. He walks arm-in* ' arm with the reader through the world of motive and action ; and he rings out. his" oomments without thinking1 to wound yon, «r : laughing in his sleeves at you, like Disraeli. Indeed he is oonfidentyou will feel as he! does, for his indignation is real and natural, unalloyed by the wish to prove his powers1 or satisfy a seoret bitterness.-Atalanta. \ t ; ? 'The Surprising AdrenturesofBaronMun- ; chausen, axe believed to have been written in English by a German-half savant, half rogue-named Ru^olphE. Baspe, who, after stealing a oase of valuable medals .from the museum at Oassel, took refuge in England. Here he was elected a Fellow of the Boydl Society, and was subsequently expelled from* that learned body. He died in Ireland in 1479 The first edition of ' Munchausen's Travels' was published at Oxford in 1786. It was said: to be a satire on the the memories of the Franoh traveller and diplomatist Baron de: Tott, though a sequel was dedicated to our : own African explorer, James Bruce. Buts Raspe certainly stole a good many of hisij stones, as he stole the medals. Some are j taken from Luoian's' Ioaro Menippus.' Two j are traoed by Southey to a Portuguese periodical. The tunes rrozen in a post-horn may have been suggested either by the account of the battle between Armasphians and Nephelebites, in Rabelais, or by Addison'*i well-known, essay in the littler. Munchausen i has been illustrated by Rowlau^son, Oruiok- j shank, and Gustavo Dor6. '. 