REMARKABLE ADVENTURE OF THE LATE EARL OF SEAFIELD. Scotsman.) The late Earl of Seafield had a career seldom found outside of romance. Scotland may well drop a tear with the thousands of New Zealand who lately gathered in the White City by the Sea to pay last honours to one of her noblest sons, who had a heart above all his self inflicted misfortunes and under the hardest conditions made good a supreme title to sterling worth. Upwards of twenty years ago, when he was a strong boned lad of 15, he had in the West Indies a remarkable misadventure. He was then a midshipman on board the Challenger, under Captain Gordon. Permitted to go on shore at Jamaica, he and another found the air of the Blue Mountains so pleasant and exhilarating that they impart donably exceeded their leave, and found on return to the ships their names struck off the books, and their effects sold to the highest bidder among the crew. Grant was sent home in the Buzzard, which on its way touched at Barbadoes, and there, being a free passenger, he left the protection of friends, and with only a few shillings in his pocket, and totally inexperienced in any way of providing the means of livelihood for the day, he plunged into the dark chances of an over-peopled land, too advanced in civilisa- tion to take notice of the needs of a stranger. Finding no rest in busy Barbadoes, he sailed westward in a drogher to one of those lovely Grenadines which, as emeralds, rising out of the soft blue Caribbean Sea, more than rival the far-famed sales of Greece. Here, at Cariacou, the Scottish medical man, Dr. Lang, kindly gave him quarters ; but here began his troubles, which caused no small stir and talk in the colony, and form a most interesting illustration of the great wrong that may come out of too ready a trust in untested circumstantial evidence. While Grant was being hospitably entertained by the few families in Cariacou, Commander Franklin, of the Constance, sent word to the authorities in Grenada that his body servant had run off with money and dressing-case, and was believed to have gone to that outlying island and dependency. As the stipendiary magistrate and head of the police, Mr. Horne, was reading the missive, a constable happened to come in from Cariacou, who was asked whether any stranger or white sailor was there at that time. The answer was that there was one giving himself out as a naval officer. Thing a fitting so neatly, Horne at once jumped to the conclusion that this must be Commander Franklin's runaway servant, and nothing could rid the worthy and kind hearted man of this error until events covered him with confusion. At once he issued an order to bring him to St. George's, the chief town and seat of Government. His host, Dr. Lang, impressed that he was no impostor, resisted the execution of the warrant, and was subsequently reprimanded by the Governor for so doing, while his neighbour, a major of Volunteers, was un- nerved and horrified by the thought that he had entertained at luncheon such a waif of the sea as Commander Franklin's run- away servant. Surely the ghost of the grieved Major Milne will be now doubly appeared on finding that he had at yams and whale steaks not merely the eldest son of Honourable James Grant of Grant, but an embryo Earl of Seafield and British Peer. After some incidents by the way which did not disabuse the constable of the idea of his prisoner's guilt, Francis Grant was brought to town, and was next found in the guard-room of Fort George, then used as a police _ station, deftly brushing his boots on his feet, and clothed in a well worn brown shooting suit. To a sympathising fellow-countryman he protested that he was the victim of a mistake, and in corroboration showed photographs of his father and stepmother and other members of his family ; but as the theory was that the runaway as reported was very cunning and plausible, it was conceived possible that he might have become possessed of these likenesses in the capacity of a servant, so that the more poor Grant said in vindication of himself the more were those most favourable to him constrained simply to hold their judgment in suspense. Brought before the magistrate and some members of council who happened to be present, Grant, in a self-possessed and dignified way, asked him to read the description which Commander Franklin gave of his servant, and compares with the person and features of him- j self, the prisoner at the bar. "Lookatmyeyes," said Grant, "and see if there be any resemblance." But so possessed was the magistrate by his first illusion, and so pleased was he with the idea of being able to serve the commander, that he abruptly terminated the proceedings. " It's no use going into these things, my man," said he, " I can bring a washerwoman who is able to prove that you brought Commander Franklin's dirty clothes to her when his ship was here six weeks ago." Forthwith Mr. Grant was taken to the common prison at the foot of Fort George to wait the arrival of the first ship of war. ' There he lay within 150 yards of that Carnage which Mr. Froude has lately described in all its picturesque beauty and tropical influences as giving him a sensation of paradise. Certainly Mr. Grant's experiences were of another kind. The sweetest odour that reached him was that of chloride of lime strewed in the courts of the prison and intensified in its pungency by the torrid heat For a companion through the day he had a coolie waiting his trial for murder and a flipper-fin limbed negro, a notorious thief, who could not go out with the penal gang. After three weeks the Admiralty surveying ship Gannet slipped into the harbour to coal. Captain Chimmo, well known of the Glasgow Gaiter Club, being communicated with, sent a sub-lieutenant and quartermaster ashore to bring the prisoner on board, but what was the surprise of the sub-lieutenant (Sullivan) and his henchman when they found in him a friend with whom they had both formerly served. How delighted were they both to be the means of his liberation ! His first impulse on gaining freedom was to go and express thanks to the only one who had sympathised with him in his troubles, and next to invest his last half-crown in a horsewhip for the magistrate and all his other police tormentors but on being persuaded by the Scottish minister (now of St. Andrew's Church, Allott) that all these functionaries were heartily grieved by what had happened, and would be almost ready to undergo a horse Avhipping'if this would be any satisfaction for an outrage on a scion of the noblest of the "British aristocracy, he generously for- gave them, and for three months, during which he lived in the Scottish manse, he saw them with equanimity every day. 