TiS S8M0U&IST.; Bachelor Sutterly is a wealthy man, and to further increase his income and at the same time follow the dictates of bis heart he married his typewriter, a very beautiful girl. But listen to \- this : Mrs. Sutterly (a bride of a few weeks out shopping) : '? What a curious little instrument this is, my dear Mrs. Vanderhoof. Do you know what it is called?' Mrs. Vanderhoof: 'Oh, yes ; it is called a typewriter.' Mrs. Sutterly : ' Indeed ! What odd things find their way into the shops! Shall we now go to the diamond counter? ' He was a hardfaced working man, and he wanted to have his wife's portrait taken. While tbe photographer was arranging his camera the husband sought to give some advice to the com panion of his life regarding her pose. ' Noo then, Betty,' he said 'be shair and keep yer face stracht an' no be laughin*. Think seriously or ye'll spile the pictur'. Remember that yer faither is in prison, an' that yer brither has had to com pound wi' his creditors, an' jist try to imagine wliat wid hae become o' ye if I hadna taen pity on ye.' If Betty didn't look serious after that it certainly wasn't his fault. ?' You didn't kiss me good-bye/' 6he murmured, as Charles, after hastily swallowing his breakfast, rushed away to catch the train to the city. He came half way back to the house, dabbed her on the forehead, and again started off. 'Don't for get the pattern !' she called out. He nodded back. ' And the linen I left to be stamped.' 'All right, all right,' he muttered savagely. ' And say, dear, if you eee any good peaches you might bring me a basket.' ' Why don't you charter a train ?' he growls. ' I'm sick of being a walking express waggon.' But she was back in the cottage running her fingers over the piano keys and thinking what a dear hubby she had. Mr. Benjamin Bullion is a well-known broker, and he was giving his son a lecture the other day. 'Noo, Johnnie,' he said, solemnly and im pressively, '? mind whit I'm tellin' ye, ma' son ; abunea' things be honest; let naething drive ye frae the path o' virtue ; nae temptation or hope o' gain lead ye frae the narrow way ; talc' an example frae yer auld faither. For instance, the ither day a customer o' oors made a mistake in peyin' an accoont; instead o' gi'en' me three thousan' he owed me an,' ma pairtner, he gied me four. Well, whit dae ye think I did?' 'Paid it back,' suggested his heir, timidly. 'Hoots! havers,' said Bullion, peevishly ; ' but I'll tell ye whit I did,' he continued, in a self-satisfied tone, ' ye ken I micht hae kept the haill extra thoosan' to inasel' ; but no, I gave five hunner o't to ma ' pairtner.' Paying a visit to Edinburgh lately, we strolled into one of the law courts to hear a case which was interesting. Capable advocates were engaged on oppositesides, and as the trial progressedand the la w yers wrangled with each other,coutradictionsandex , hibitions of temper passed between them ; but in the midst of it all, they stuck to legal politeness by frequently calling each other ' brother.' An elderly countryman next me grew rather fidgety, and at length asked me it' 'thae men were brithers ? For if they are,' he added, ' they dinna show muckle britherly love !' 'They are some thing of that sort,' I replied. ' They are brothers in-law.' ' Oh ; I see. They are marriet on twa sisters. But ye ken that freends 'gree best separate. Oor neeber, Bell Lindsay, used to say that her family 'greed better than ony she kent ; but there was a gude reason for that. There ?were fower o' them, and they a' lived in different continents.' ' For 40 long years have my good wife and I travelled hand in hand adown life's thorny road,' said old Deacon Gush at an apple-paring party the other evening, ' and in all those years not one single, harsh, hasty, unkind word has passed our lips when .speaking to each other. Isn't that true, mother ?' ' Mother ' had quietly fallen asleep on the sofa by Mr. Gush's side, and as he laid bis hand caressingly on her shoulder, she gave a little snort of defiance, and said sharply— ' Get up yourself and build the fire, Sam Gush. I built it last, and I'll see you in Guinea before I build it this morning, you ? oh!— I — I — why, where am I ? I guess I dropped off to sleep.'' ' And I guess vou'd better have stayed asleep, Lizy Gush !' hissed Samuel into her ear as the crowd around the sofa made a rush for doors and dark corners where giggling and tittering could be indulged in freely. A certain maiden lady was twice in her life engaged to be married, and each tune some un foreseen event interposed to destroy her hopes of matrimonial bliss. Hers was a sad case. Time began to wrinkle her fair brow, and no new suitors appeared. To add to her distress she became sick nigh unto death. The assistant clergyman of the parish— a bashful youth— was sent for. The sickroom was well filled with sympa thising neighbours when the young divine made his appearance, and, after some remarks, proceeded to read a portion of the Scrip tures. He fell upon the chapter in which the woman of Samaria is introduced. When he read the words, ' Go call thy husband,' the sick woman groaned a little ; but when he uttered the words, ' The woman answered and said, * I have no husband,' ' the old lady rose upright in her bed, and, with flashing eyes, squeaked out, ' I'm no' gaun to staun sic impidence frae onybody ; preacher or no preacher. I winner ye're no ashamed o' yersel', ye mealy- mouthed young rascal. I've had two chances for a man, an' I'll leeve to see anither — see if I don't !' And she did. Samuel Pinkerton, the village sexton of a. certain Lowland district in Scotland, was said to be an unco fearless chiel— at least so far as ghosts are concerned. Some neighbourly 'worthies, how ever, strongly doubted this, while others religiously believed it. Amongst the former was a well-known local wag, who confidently asserted that for a wager he would take upon himself the task of putting the ' very fear o' death ' on Sam, Accordingly, a bet was made, and one night, when it was known that the sexton would be working in the kirkyard late, quite a number of interested parties stole up, and, hiding themselves in the cemetery among a number of trees, breathlessly waited the result of the proposed experiment on Samuel. They had not long to wait. As Sam came slowly jaumting down the principal avenue, contentedly humming a homely tune to himself, there suddenly rose up before him, as if by magic, the fantastic figure of a weird, unnatural spectre, decked all in white. This apparition immediately began, right under Sam's very nose, a strange series of blood-curdling manoeuvres, which finally terminated with a shrieking howl, whilst the spectre fell prostrate at Sam's feet. As this ghastly exhibition closed, Sam gently bent over the prostrate figure, and with much pathos in his sonorous voice sympathetically exclaimed, ' Puix sowl, puir sowl, dinna be feared, dinna be feared, I'll no meddle ye !' The Mayor of Louisville, upon meeting an old negro, drew him aside, and in a voice by no means gentle, thus addressed him: 'Bandsom, I am going to have you arrested.' ' How come dat ?'* ' Why, for having obtained money under false Pretences.' ' I ain't done nothin' like dat, sah ! 'clar ter goodness I ain't.' 'Didn't you come to me yesterday and get a dollar i' ' Yes, sah.' ' And didn't you say it was to pay the funeral ex penses of your son ?' 'Yes, sah.' ' Well, but, you trifling scoundrel, I saw your son in the street just now.' ' Hah r' ' You know what I said ?'* ' Yes, sah ; yas, but I didn't tell you de boy. wits dead, did I?' 'Didn't tell me he was dead! You infernal old idiot ; did you suppose I thought you were going to bury him alive ?'* ' No sah.' ' Then what do you mean by saying that you. didn't tell me he was dead?' 'Now, jes hoi' on, sah ; jest wait a minit. Dat boy ain't been in good healf fur er laung time, an', knowin' dat I'd hatter bury him sooner er later, w'y I 'lowed dat I'd better raise de money duriti' the busy season, when de folks wan't hard pressed. I'se mighty kine hearted dis way, sah, monstrous kine hearted, but er man doan git no credit in dis yere worl' o' sin fur bein' kine hearted. An' ergin, I'se a man dat doan blebe in puttin' off er thing that he knows is gotter be done. Knows that I'll hatter bury dat chile putty soon, and. yere you come an* wanter punish me fer takin' up de ercasion iu time.' ?? You old rascal, that boy is in excellent health,' ' Who, dat chile ? You doan know dat chile like I does, sah. Dat boy suffers with the genstion, but it's jest as I says, er hones' an' kine hearted man doan git no credit in dis yer sin cussed worl'.' 