Notes and News. A MONSTER. GIRDER.-The largest girder ever used in the construction of an edifice has just been built into the -walls of the new addition to the American Museum of Natural History, New York. It is intended,- along with other but smaller girders, tb support the floors and'partitions of the structure, and thus obviate the use of pillars, and allow all the floor space to ,'be properly utilised for the placing of show cases. THE DUCK-BILLED PLATYPUS.-Skulls of the duck-billed platypus (Ornithorhyncus paradoras) were shown at the last meeting of the Linnean Society of London- both immature and mature specimens. They excited much interest among the naturalists present ; and Professor Stewart dwelt at some length upon the peculiar dentition of this curious creature. . ? COLORS AFFORDED BY THE- BODIES OF ANI MALS.-The cochineal insects give carmine, crim son, . scarlet carmine, and '. purple lakes. The cuttlefish yields sepia. -The camel furnishes Indian yellow ; and chips of the elephant's tusks give ivory black and bone black. The color known as Prussian blue is made by fusing horses' hoofs and other refuse animal mattera with impure commercial carbonate of potash. This fine pig ment was discovered quite < accidentally many years ago. - A BAT SWIMMING.-Thus* a correspondent of a London paper : While taking an. after-dinner stroll, along the bank of a stream, I had a shot; with a stone at a bat flitting.down the river. Thej stone struck the water a little in front of the bat,! which, either by ducking to avoid the stone or from fright, fell into the water. After several ineffectual attempts to rise/itsuddenly struck out for the shore with its. wings, getting along at à great pace. I assisted; it .on'tb-the bank; and, after waiting ton minutes to dry, it flew off, none the worse for its adventure./' ; " UNPOPULAR " iNSBCTS.-rrHouse flies are, and have always been, amongthe most "unpopular" of insects. Luther is said to'have hated them heartily, and to have massacred them without mercy. He was wroth with them, and called them " emissaries of Diabólus, and the ghosts of heretics," because they buzzed about him, and distracted his attention when hs Vas reading a pious book. It will be remembered that,, accord ing to the prevailing ideas£of "the old Roman Catholics, the bluebottle and: the common house fly together constituted oneMvttie many plagues of the medioeval purgatory* . RED-LEGGED PARTRIDGE /IN A_ CITY GARDEN. A correspondent wrote as 'follows to a London contemporary : On July 10,jwhile I was gathering flowers in the garden, the^.' basket being on the ground, a cock French partridge ran from be neath a bush, and knocked^he basket over; and during the day I saw it several times, accom panied by its mate. I saw- them again for four consecutive days ; and on Sátürday last I saw the cock bird on a cucumber frame, and a cat in the act of springing at it. I, of course, went to the rescue; and the bird escaped. This happened in the centre of the city, of /.Canterbury (Eng.), about 120 yards from the cathedral. FUDDLED COCKROACHES.-rln a letter to the CRITIC,, Alexander Young wrote with reference to the late Rev. J. GK Wood : I re call some informal talks which the deceased natural ist gave at the St. Botolph Club, as throwing light on the uses of rather unpopu lar creatures, such as the cockroach and the moth. The sketches which he madel in different colored chalks, of the interior economy of the former insect , 'gave me a new idea of its adaptation to its mission as a scavenger ; and a story which he told of its bibulous propensities clearly indicated a link between cockroaches and men. Mr. Wood was called upon by his neighbor, Sims Reeves,'to throw light upon the mysterious disappear ance -of the champagne from the bottles in his cellar, which he found nearly empty, though the1 corks had appar ently not been tampered with. The ob servant naturalist declared that the wine had been extracted by cockroaches, who had inserted their feelers at the side of the corks. On setting a watch in the wine-cellar, Mr. Wood's solution of the mystery was confirmed. Some cockroaches were caught in the suctionact; others were seen crawling away in a f uddled condition ; and others were lying about in a state of intoxi cation. THE INDUSTRIOUS SQUIRREL.-A Danbury (U.S.A.) farmer points to the squirrel as affording an instance of agility, quickness, and hard work. Last autumn he stored several bushels of butter nuts in the second storey of his cornhouse; and recently he noticed that they were disappearing much faster than the legitimate demands for his family supply warranted. ^Hé discovered soon afterward that a squirrel, a small red one, which the farmers' boys call " chipmunks," had found a hole under the eaves of the building, and was stocking her storehouse "with the nuts the farmer had gathered. As an experiment to learn how rapidly the squirrel had worked, he removed all but twenty of the nuts, and set a watch upon them. Six hours afterward every nut was gone. The distance from thecornhouse to the tree where the squirrel had- its nest was just-eighty-rods. In going for a nut and returning; with it the sprightly little animal bad to travel a distance of one hundred and sixty rods. Computation showed that the theft of the twenty nuts required. just ten miles of travel. But this did not include aU. Several times dogs frightened the squirrel ; and it had to turn back ; and twice the family cat got after it, requiring it to take a circuitous route to reach the storehouse. The nest was examined soon afterward ; and a big, fat, lazy mala squirrel was found snoozing quietly while his little mate was performing a prodigious feat to supply him with food. 