LADY POSTLETHWAITE'S WILL. " Phil," said lity father, '' hero's a noto from Lady Postlethwaito. She wants to eee me this morning to take instructions for a codicil to hor will. I can't go, so you must." I received the suggestion with suE- fieent ungraciousness, It upset my plans for a rapid dispatch of office work that morning, and an at' tornoon'a holiday on the ice at Ileudon. "Lady Postlethwaito doesn't know me," I demurred. "Wouldn't she rather wait till you are better?" " Biers ray soul !" interrupted my fathor, testily. " When did you over know mo to get better? -The fit is duo, sir ! I feel it flying about me at this moment, and hero you go aggra vating it with your stupid, paltering objections. Do you moan to go, or do you not ? " ' OE courso I'm going as soon as I get the address. 1 only thought of your being hor old and confidential friend " "Old frionds be !" exploded my father, and then I knew it was gout. A false alarm made him "bless hiB soul" occasionally, but nothing short of the real thing ever drove a profane expletive from those Grod- fearing lips. I knew my father's visits to his client were solemn undertakings, lasting half the day at shortest, and inwardly resolved to astonish his valued old friend into a moro rapid dispatch of her affairs, so as to get tuvay befoie the afternoon waned. I had never seen Lady Postlethwaite. I only knew that she had a large for tune, and was much exercised as to its eventual disposal. "Lady Postle- ihwaito's will" came round as regu larly in my father's diary a 3 quarter day, and about as frequently. 1 journeyed in a sulky mood through the frost fog to the suburban region where Deodara Lodge thon stood. A smart villa residence, with much glass and ornamental shrubbery sur rounding it. There was an air oi" trim luxury of a costly, quiet sort about tho whole place, The littlo smiling maid servant who opened the door was the only incongruity. ; She trotted before mo down a Warm, hushed hall to a door, through which she ushered mo, and left me alone, as I thought. The room was rich and sombre, heavy with mahogany, gloomy with damask. A bright fire snapped and Bparkled in a marvellously-polished steel grate ; over the mantelpiece, in gorgeous gilded frame, huug a por trait of a little gray man in tho full splendor of aldermanic robes, and in front of the fire, in the depths of a groat leathern armchair, a little old lady slumbered soundly, A comfortable, rosy-cheoked old lady, with grayish-brown curls pinned at.each side of lier placid little face, a very smart cap, diamond rings on he? plump little mittened fingers, and a satin ground, in the lap of which rested a religious newspaper and a tortoise- shell cat, which opened one sleepy eye as I softly approached over the thick Turkey carpet. The next minute puss' mistress had ttprung to her feet bolt upright and wide awake, and, catching the cat deftly with one hand, gave mine a cordial 6hake with the other. " Philip Austen ! No mistake about that!" she exclaimed, "Eh, but you're l'ke your . good father ! So you caught me napping. I've done a long morning's work, the hardest in the house, I sometimes think ; end I'm not so young as I was. Put down that hat and take your coat off. That s better. Now you'll just have a glass of wine aud a piece of cake after your journey. The little maid came in to answer to the bell, but I strenuously pro tested that I could eat- nothing, "that my time was limited, that i never touched wine in the morning. Lady Postlethwaito looked as honestly dis concerted as if I had been guilty of. some breach of etiquette, but beckoned the maid and gave hor a bunch of keys and some lengthy and minute whispered directions which I feared referred to luncheon. I delivered 'all my father's explana tions and apologies. " An old gentleman crippled with gout! AdA that's what handsome Phil Austen has come to j the noatest dancer and tho finest figure of a young fellow that you could see upon a time. A noblo pair they made — ho and Miss Anne Ilooper. Eh, lad, lad ! but it's a sad thing to grow old ; or it would be, if it weren't for you young ones being left to us 1" She looked at mo with such kindly eyes that I felt ashamed, of uty impatience. " Did your father send mo nothing by you ?" she asked. 1 gave her a sealed envelope which (the opened. It only contained a small hey. " This is a fancy of mine. Look here," abesnid. . ' Ik fitted the lock of a central oom- paitment in a largo bookcase that stood in the room. A tall, narrow space botween the shelves of books, evidently intended to contain maps or engravings. It was only a few inches in width,' and the glazed panel of its door looked hardly wider than the -iit of a letter-box. it was empty save tor a long blue envelope tied with uncy ribbon and nealed with a large od 8"ni. She took this. out, . "This is my will, you soo. 1 can ook in through the glass at it every j day, if I like, nn.l know that it's eafo, J but I am tenured from tampering; with it except with the knowledge 1 and consent of your father. That is . Sir .Tosiali's old real. You see thero ; is only my name and the date outside tbo envelope, though no ono could i possibly read anything through that j gloss if they tried." S'm broke tho ; seal and opened tho inclosed docu ment, looking wistfully at mo as she did so. " To think of you — tho baby that I remember in your red shoes and sash — coming to help mo with this weary weight of money. A quarter of a million ! An awful charge for one poor old body. Aud not ono brought up to the position, either ; your father will havo told you that ?" " Ho once said something — " I hesitated. "Told you I was Sir .Tosiah'a cook, most likoly," she said, smoothing out tho sheets of paper with a composed sinilo. " Well, I wasn't. I was his kitchen maid." She stopped, enjoyiug my look of surprise, then nodded at the alderman over the chimney-piece. " Yres, there ho is, a knight and alder man of tho city of . Loudon. I must tell you how it came about, as your father hasn't dorm so. You're sure you'll not take a glass of wine first ?" I declined again and yet again before she began her story, settling1 lier cap ribbons and stroking tho cat mto a contented purr. "Yes, I was kitchen maid at Sir Josiah Postlethwaito's fine establish ment in Bloorasbury-squttre. There wero throe other servants, and nice times they had of it. All tho house to tliemselyes from breakfast time till Sir Josiah returned about 0 o'clock from the city. Once or twice a week there might be company at dinner, and very grand diiiuers those wore. All tho rest of the week nothing particular to do, or if there was, I had to do it. I never E8t eyes on my master till ono day, about 12 o'clock, he came homo unexpectedly and rang the librarv bell. The butler was out on some errand cf his own, tho house maid getting a new dress tried on, so 1 had to answer it. I found him in this very chair, with his overcoat still on and his hat in his hand, just as he had dropped down in it. ' I'm not very well,' he said. ' Can you. get me something hot — soup or something— and a glass of wine ? ' What a temper cook ilew into l She wasn't going to serve meals all day long for anybody. I got it at last, but the butler had the wine cellar aud sideboard keys in his pocket. However, Sir Josiah could touch nothing after all. 'What's your name — you are a newcomer, are you not?' he asked, ' Bessy Allison? And yon come from Workington?' and ho looked quite pleased. The butler came iu just then, so I went back to the kitchen. Presently down came my gentleman, looking very white and -flustered. 'I'm goiug,' he says. . ' Me and master have had a difference.' Then ho and the others bad a long talk together in tho pantry. ' Bessy, muster . says you're to go for Dr. Shaw — No. 15— just across the square.' I thought lie. might hare told mo sooner, but I fan'afonhe. I was kept somo timo, and when I got back I found the house open, but not a creature downstairs, only jail their boxes fastened up and labelled in the scullery. Master nnd I were left alone in the house, and he was sicken ing for fever, so the dootor said. " Numes weren't to be had thou as they are now J and besides, Sir Josiah wouldn't let any onenoar him but me. So a woman was got to do tho rough work, and I nursed hiindayand night till lie got bettor. As soon as he was well he askecl me to marry him. He wasn't the sort of swoot heart I'd fancied to have — poor little old gentleman — but I'd saved his lifo, and couldn't boar the thoughts of deserting him now, so I said ' ites,' and never repented it. Ho was a good husband to ma while he lived, and, when he died, left me evei-y penny he possessed, just to do as I chose with. " It's a great responsibility,"! said, inwardly wondering how soon we might set to business. She shook her head solemnly, " It's not the mere giviug away of the money ; it's the seeing that it does no mischief that troubles me. You see 1'vo no kin of my own to whom I might rightfully leave it all, nor are there any alive of , Tosiah'a. Then I thought of his first wife, poor soul, a born lady, who. helped him and loved him while lie was young nnd poor, and died just as the good times wore coming. I'vo tried to 'find Mrs. Postlethwaito's people out and do what I can for them. And there's charities onongh to swallow tho whole amount, but your father made me promise to take nothing oil trust, but to find out for myself how they would be likoly to spend it if I gave it to thorn j and. that has been a long job, and a heart breaking ono. I'm nearly Bottled now, but thore are still changes to he made. She turned over the leaves of tho will, making comments on each be quest, while I made a few ineffective notes, and strove to possess my soul in patioDcs. I was rewarded. She ended by producing a moat business like little list of the additions she de sired. They wore few and trifliug till we came to the 1 nut, over which she paused and hesitated. " Colonel, the Esv. Yandenhofi! St. George, £50,000." (to be continued. Onco a boy had caused somo trouble in \- the class by playing on a mouth organ. ! 'I he.tenclier fixed lier oyo on hiin, and tho i little chap stored the iiistrumont of torture away, where is your spirit of moral rectitude ? demanded the teaohcr, with an intonation that would havo made the ghost of Hamlet's father quail. In nvy- poelcet, ma'am, answered the boy, be tween his sobs. 