1 amusements, ' "JULIUS CiESAR." " In the present production I stand or fal alone." Thus Mr. Rignold in tho preface to hiB version of "Julius Caesar," whilst touching upon tho desuetude into which tbo tragody has passed during tho last 20 years history of the English stage. Saturday's representation settled it that he shall stand, and stand firmly, upon one of the most impressive Shakespearian revivals Sydney has seen. Following tho fashion of the day, the intorest of the production has boon made largely Bpcctacnlar. From all that we read, this was tho case with the last revival of "Macbeth" at tho Lyceum Theatre, although the two greatest actors now living were playing tho chief parts ; and it was of course still more 60 in the famous revivals of "Romeo and Juliet" by Misa Mary Anderson at the same house. The untravcllcd Australian is too apt to think that in London the cast of characters in a Shakespearian revival is sown thick with "stars," and that it is only in his native land that good stock actors play prominent roles. This pre7aleut idea excites the astonishment of tho born Londoner, whose pride never theless too frequently prevents his com bating it with the vigor he should use. When Mr. Warner produced "Macbeth" hero with the object of dispelling this delusion we quoted the cast of a performance at Drury Lane in 1887 to show that Mme, Ristori was the one " star" in the representation— and for practical purposes a " etar" may bo defined as an actor who is generally known by repute throughout the English-speaking world and in circles other than theatrical. Instances could be multiplied indefinitely. Judged by this standard, there was no second "star" iu Miss Anderson's company, and tho same may be said of the more recent revival of tho "Merry Wives of Windsor," with Mr.Bscrbohm Tree as Falstaff. On tbo other hand, the very fact that "Julius Gmsar" has been performed so seldom would tend to show — what is very well known — that in the old days tho difficulty of producing the play must have been as great as now. The tragedy really requires a wholo galaxy of stars, and these could be got together only at rare inter vals. In his interesting prefaco Mr. Rignold quotes some .of the famons actors in the play, and points out bow generally Brutus was supported by an inferior actor. Tho revival at Covent Garden in May, 1817, when the two Kem- blcs played the leading parts, with tho famous Mr. Young as Ca3sinp, was an exception to the rnlp, and Borne others might be quoted ; but on the whole thero is every reason to think that, though we have not now so many actors as of yore whose elocution enables them to speak the blank verse easily, yet the representations of to-day arc characterised by more general in telligence and give a more impressive picture of Shakespeare's historical tragedy than was en joyed by our predecessors. Perhaps nothing strikes the spectator of the present re vival with greater force than the astonish ing advance in scenic representation made daring the last 10 years. It is longer than that since the play was last staged in England, so that Australians may be quite sure that nothing approaching the scenic beauty and magnificence of Saturday's revival has been witnessed since the play was written." Mr. Rignold's treatment of "Julius Ctcsar" is, a3 we have hinted, at tuned to the spirit and enterprise of the day. Careful and intelligent actiug and archaeolo gical correctness mark tue production, which is even more distinguished by the display of a princely splendor that brings borne to tbe spectator with cogent force the " lust of tho eye and the pride of life" that heralded tho decay of Imperial -Rome. As we watch the progress of the drama, the re sources of the painter's art and mechanical in genuity alike seem inexhaustible. The play is, indeeu, lavishly illustrif u. From the first procession to the bcautnul battle tableaux and tbo last weird vision at Fhilippi there is not a scene which does not call for admiration. It might have been thought that such treat ment would lead to wholesale altera tions, to a geueral rearrangement of the drama. This, l'ortunatoly, it has not done. " Julins Ctcsar" is a play that is always acted very nearly as it is written, and the present version differs only in a few omissions and ono or two minor transpositions of the scene from the commonly o.cccptcd acting edition. Tho division of the play into six acts instead of five gives more ample scope for scenic effect than before, without any attendant drawback j and we cousider the mergiug of the five last scenes into one set an improvement equally acceptable. It not only avoids the distraction and conse quent lo s of dramatic effect of constant shifting of tlio scene, bat it also lends that dignity to tho representation that comes with an en larged field for freedom of action. So far as the play itself and its literary and dramatic history is concerned, as to the extent to which Shakespeare has profited by Plutarch, and whether he benefited by Lord Stirling's " Play on the Death of J alius Cxsar" which appeared in his own time— on subject matter of this kind there is now no need to say any thing. The occasion seems peculiarly suitable for descrip tive account rather than for the critical analy sis bestowed on plays with which the reader is less well acquainted. In this way the recollec tion of a notable first night may ho recorded. The spirit of punctuality animated all and sundry in the early part of the evening. His Excellency the Governor aud Lady Garriugton, who arrived exactly at a quarter to 8 o'clock wero nearly the last to take their seats in tho auditorium, which was densely crowded from pit to gallery. The curtain rose to the strains of Siguor Hazon's march, kindling music, the subject of which is brokeu by tragic phrases for trumpets and kettledrums. Mr. Stirling !Yhyto as Casca, in the oval-shaped white toga edged with the crimson that marks his consular rank, stands with Treboniua watching the rabblo who throug tho public place to deck tho statues in honor of Ctcsar's triumph. Mr. Tolano, as tbo saucy cobbler, cracks his low jests to the great delight of the gallery, and the rabble is dismissed to their homes by Casca in tho famous speech ""Wherefore rejoice," ifcc., which has beeu truly said to "spring up like a pyramid of fire.'' Mr. Why te's mien is dignified and his delivery good, though a more sonorous voice is needed to made tbe lines — as Thomas Campbell heard them — "roll liko the lordliest notes of a cathedral organ." Acclamations now awake tho scene, the orchestra resnmes tho thread of tho spirit-stirring march, and the procession to tbe Capitol sweeps across tbo view. Lictors and priests, ediles and que6tors, attendants bearing tho encircled eagles of gold and silver aud gourds in bright array— all file past to mar tial music. Then tho orchestration becomes piquant and exhilarating j girls in classic dress, their cheek# curiously bound to prevent daugorous distension, enter blowing reed instru ments, to which other damsels, iu saffron silk draped with muslin, dance a languorous measure, their tambourines in their hands. These, too, deck the snow-white oxen with garlands. Pindarus, the Partluan slave (Mr. A. L. Isaacson), clothed chiefly iu bis own black 6kin, next struts forward and points with bare sword to the approaching Calphurnin, borne aloft on a sumptuously decorated litter. Calphurnia (Miss Emily Fitzroy) looks superbly Laudaome in her sky-blue silk robes and attracts more attention than crcn the august Cmaar (Mr. Chas. Hall) in his purplo toga, Us border richly embroidered with gold laurel leaves. Cteiur wears tho laurel crown, moves with haugh'/ bearing and looked the part. Cassius (Mr. . j.b. JoWett) and Brutus (Mr. J. F. Cath- cart) engage iu talk, and Cassius, whoso animation iu the " troublous Tiber" speech proved a flash in tho pan, settles down to the somewhat monotonous delivery of his lines, which ho scarcely throws off until the quarrel scene iu the fifth act. The trans position by which tho act ends with Cmsar'a return from the Capitol, and with his observa tions upou Cassius' " lean and hungry looks," has been made with advantage to tho action of the play. Siguor Hazon's t>rnriu-music, where the piccolo screams and whi<tlii like the rush ing wind, forms the prelude to the second act, aud the curtain rises upou the handsome arched war leading to Brutus' garden, with cypress ami poplar trees dimly seen through the darkness. Here the conspirators con fer, and whilst they hasten away to secure fresh followers a ehango of scene shows us the inside of the uurdcu. Tho moon shines dowu up%n tho Cloistered walk around the hou3fi, and trees and flowers, so arranged as to give a natural and open-air effect, again Lear witness to Mr. Alfred Clint's ability as a painter. Here, in tho great speech to Cnssins ' No, not an oath," Mr. Cathcart, who has been r iv. mim, n-l i b ill i > i - -i - — iimt1 ftomewhAt under-playing the part, with revere berating, mellow roico, speaks like a bord leader of men, and tbe mingled gentleness andi dignity of the reproof, " Let's kill him boldly but not wrathfully," £c., fall with pathetic effect upou an interested house. The conspirators slink away as Portia, clad solely in white, tho golden hair poised liko an aureole abovo tbo great blue eyes, timidly onters tho garden. Great applause follows the recognition of Miss Kate Bishop, who justifies her reputation by an impersonation of tbo noble Portia at once tender and august. Then takes place ono of those rapid transformation scenes for which tho stage of Her Majesty's affords #nch ample scope. In a few seconds, under cover of the, friendly darkness, groves and gothic arches marble steps, fountains and flower# aro spirited away, and when the lights aro turned up again a room in Caesar's palace stands revealed. A well-acted scene between Cscsa; and Calphurnia, in which tho latter urges her lord to absent himself from tbo Capitol that day, closes with the appearance of the plausible Dccius Bratus (Mr. Charles Bar- ford) and with Cmsar's determination to (attend the Senate at all hazards. In the third a«t wo see the last of the lovely Portia ns she stands at her gate, where Brutus joln3 Ctesar, now journeying to the Capitol, and the next change shows ns the interior of the Senate-house, with ' the senators seated in the cnrulc chairs waiting Ccciar's approach, which takes place by ono of the deep-arched entrances to the hall. This is a truly noble interior after Geroxae'o celebrated pic ture. The conspirators press round with their- petitions, Casca from behind stabs Cmsar in the neck, the others back him with their dagger, and Brntus, coming last, "makes tho hole in Ctcsar's heart." This exciting incident waa skilfully shown, and Mr. Hall gained applause for the pathos of hi# "it tu Brute" aud tho tragic movement by which, whilst falling, be covered himself from bead to foot in tbe folds of bis togx From the death of Cms&r; onward the interea of the tragedy heightens ; and tho change io more than usually marked because from that point Marc Antony rises into notice in tbe per son of Mr. George Rignold. The rest of the Capitol scene is one long scries of soul-moving speeches, of which Antony has the lion's sharo« The grief over the uead body was very naturally shown by Mr. Rignold, and the famous apos trophe, " O pardon me, thou bleeding pieco of earth," furnished as splendid an example of declamatory elocution as any the actor has ever given. This was recognised by the bouse and the enthusiasm was general. The fourth act shows us the Forum, the stono rostrum in the front, the broad and busy public streets running back in fine perspective to tbe foot ol tbe rocky hill crowned by tbe pillared fa?ado of the Capitol. Tbe scene which followed proved memorable for its dramatic perfection and deep impressiveness. Mr. Cathcart's deep and sympathetic voice gave feeling and sincerity to tbe speech, and the "Not that I loved Ctesar less, but that I loved Rome more" was marked by an air of unaffected devotion and consecration to high endfiavor. Ifc was tho crowning point in a convincing imper sonation. Mr. Rignold's address aa Antony, if anyone could possibly find fault with such a piece of wcll-coniidercd work would probably be remarked as lacking subtlety of manner. It waa, however, persuasive in a high degree and was one of tbe most attractive features in a character that will rank with the best the artist has given us. In the forum scene high praise must be given tho stage manager (Mr. J. \Y. Hazlitt) for tho ani mation of a singularly well-drilled crowd. Ia the fifth act a rich interior shows u# Brutus' tent iu the camp near Sardis. Here Mr. H. 1L Jewett had hi3 chanco aa Cassiu3 in tho quarrel with Brntua, where his gestures were free and appropriate, and the tone3 of the voice, as if choked by bitter rage aud grief, gave full expresaion to the text. Miss "Watts Phillips, whoso graceful bearing in her pic turesque attire as tbe boy Lucius bad beforo been noted and admired by tho house, hero sang " Orpheus with bis Lute," to new music by Siguor Hazon. Herein tho composer has written a beautiful melody pregnant with plaintive meaning, and to this Miss Phillips gave full effect. The actrea3 has a pecu liarly sweet and sympathetic quality of voice and sings with taste. The raugo s not great nor tho tone powerful, but this does not prevent an unaffectedly pleasing interpretation. Had the audience not become impatient at tho growing lateness -of tbo hour, Miss Phillips would probably have re ceived an encore. As things stood, the house was obviously restless, and before the curtain fell at 11.30 p.m. there were naturally some vacant seats. This was all the more regret table because in the last act a beautifully con trived battle tableau awoke the enthusiasm of the house. We fancy the Cyclorama has suggested the idea, S3 Mr, Clint has trusted to tho canvas more and used living figures less than is gene rally the case. Tbe illusion wa# perfect, and the gradual fading away of Ctcsar's Ghost gave tho house another thrill of delighted surprise. In this, the last act, Mr. Jonathan Evans mado his first appearance as Octavius Cmsar. He bore himself gallantly and spoke his lines with spirit. There is somo stiffness and mannerism in the actor's delivery of tlio verse, but this will probably wear off, when the favorable im pression made on Saturday will bo heightened. To sum up all, the production is very fine and deeply interesting, and as it is intended for the future to end tho piece at 11 p.m. there should be no hindrance to the sustained (popularity of the revival 