WESTLEYC Ar IF'O!IIG V MISSIONSS. Toe. annual services in connoection with tile Aus tralniano Foreign Missionary Society were held in Goulburn on Sunday and Monday last, and wore of mor than usual intleroast, owing to lthe presoonco as a deopolatlion of the Rav. David Tongo and hi wife, netives of thel isltad of Tronga. It will eo in the ro colleetion of readers that Tonga was Christianised Iy WVcsloyan mnissionaries, and that their faith wal s fora lotg time predominant, beling held by thie Iing and anlost the entire community. But a short time btcki, a nwo churchl, called the tren clhurch was formed ty the King at the inlstance of IMr. iBaker the orlonier, and pfrseoultiolj of throie whio hishl to tihe \Veiloyan faith followoed, in theI couranr of which maly of the inhabitants, Mr. nod Mrs. Tanga nmongst them, were deported from the territory. MIr. Tonga spetaks English grammatically nod oflten wilth considerahli force, though his pronunci altin is defoctiove and at times ho evidulenty expcri aoceos dillleulty in findoog appropriate words to conrvy his meaning, which neiovertheless 11o manages Lto makne solllcintly clear. Ilis wife's pronuntciation 10 much purfI rr, anid Rine speaks with gr(nter facility. lotlh inog effecltively, having woolt moaiocal voices; aood IMr. Tonga acclmpallloies o0 0llthe, lrgan. ()Ion Sounday norning AIr. Tonlga proaclhed in the GIolomith.streot cloteh on the Offeorig tof Ioaae. It the afternoon he and his wife ado'dsooed a largo meetlingt of Soonday.-:chool scholars anld friends. In the eIveoning ohe proachelld at North G(ioaltlurn, and tho loev. A. J. Wobil orioeoclod at oGolsmithl-street. T'lhe collections Ir0mn thrto servioces amount to nabout £12. O11 Monday eveniong the annuoal public montilg of the blrachl wan held in tto lecturo-halll, whlich w00 well filled. Thie moeeting began with singing and prayer, after lwhich the chair was tLaken by Ir. ,. Colturt. T'lIo C?nairoman tlavinlg nadlo onoo or two iootoo ductoryoa reomalrlts. dioired to sey oOlltollito og oa!haIf of tlheoir perscutedo brethlren in Tonga. IIoe believed thalnt a lw moae nthoto tago they hold thlir miasionary omeeting in lhat islolnd and rained £800 towardsn tihe mission. IIe felt that so lo,,t as0 tlhely helpefd themt selves in tLthi way and God 1 l0lpod tlohem, it wao the duty of tohe Wesloynu chi'cht in Attstralia to annist. In thie past Goulburn had bornc a go;od name for the large anonlllt subsocrihod for missioin work. Latterly it had fallen lnolack ; but it was manny years since Ie hlad sooen such a largo attendannce at a missionary sneetilng hero; and hto therofore hoped reneowed inlterest was felt, and that there wuold be a return to thie laroo cotlltctionr of formeo r youars. He had boon groatty inipreosod ,itll tilt tomorolr of Mlr. I)avid Toogl. (g o tlroviouo d(y to tho effiot that God gavo uo bhaok goinl whon wo givoe h1i( of oor best; .od h1e 1 as sI or if thoy lid their b'lnt to inaroeao tbo fuods for botaooon work, God would givo it bock to thorm. (hppltom,?.) Tho ltoo. A. J. Wobb road the followiog oxtrato; from tlo repolrt of tihe pllront society :- Ttlo follo(iugo inal(,11t00raet (tf (lhe .l(aeol0.c1t( (lr thle ye(Or tltliugl: I)tleendllr ?llst liK'4:--'Ph~o reeiptLs xcro?--.\nirpe~r)ar ercrict·v rllrl lrl m l~lllnser H tlmt ree ll'I at tboe Irllvlo,, -onlar , S52 1717 ; N,(w 1ou1th I( Vles auxtiliary' ( 2111-1:(0 (011(110 (lOlllnlltlr-,(l0 1007 ; Victb,ria£201t (10171 (pocinll, .0(01 0/il; 'I_'oooo((ttio, 01(00 0/0;? SOllt .0\reoitlia, 0701() 2/10: WoVolelrll .lnlrlio , £.t i!; i o Zooolo(la.tlO:(7 I1/; SOloaoo, £77l7/,; ; Fil, 770 (1/0 ,; Fi(ll'hO, Iud (lli00[]lllr t (,Y 1 '1]1; ( oW ]oritalll((, £7:1 15/i; illter(o ( , R llo ( oo cbatoo?uo oselltlloo, lt l(5 ;/. 'bho t(((l ol(o(lll( I)( (thelo ro1eil~tn is .097)1 1O/',1 +100 00110(Ooit((00 ((or ((0e y100 (wa(0 £L0,87t (0/0. T(he dcliei0 llc * of £057 1/-I ((,(0 il(0t (y1 i ( (I(llt (l'olll s (i t ll101( 'lrho ill((0ln, 0 th(l 0c0,lty '0 i £ lll 7t1/li t5l/0 tha Iw t(lot (of 1h p'reeihllt g yar, wllilll thle expcndlitlre /or~nllmtely ahowvcd it te on ((ll' Of I( ne(rly0 0 h(ily r iol((((llt(,I IIL., £0100tl (0/. ''lb0 r'(o,(r00i frm0 01l0 l t1100 (o(alt of 0t(r 010(((lllho.lshud (t( (hot (]O ((looidl (lltct I:l'll( ollld tll0 (l(0 r0eci((d ((((00o tile dis tri(l t ((((II (lo (loot t(((ow trOub001,0,l ]oxo(oVehniutcd ilo 1t clllliaioll beutaee tht( ((llrty illld(er SIatfo(i .falitoo (ll(t tilh (00rlll001(, ill (wh1ich there ho baUO h grolt loos Of life Ol0 0 itlO( oo pcih l of ( ll(00 (l(tre(thlgr. r'l'orts (( ll ( h(ooo that theoro io a brighLI 91110 to timo piectrur. Thle loolde ha\'o glvenl to Lilt Itl~lOat (i1 t0lir hbilliy, 01 (o the I oiootri o traiolill,; J(ol((LUlioo reporlt i( o( o lIoot 0(1o((1COi((oio( chrlcler, onllo cllo of oood work dhlofor o( ill(o SOTll. 'olO oor( 0l 0crt0tary v(, roenolled to (1((y a ahllr ( vi(it to( tile district on ho retllOr; from ro('Ogt, 00l(l(hero o(lhlg tcsti(ll(lly to th01 dc1otio( ofy olur toia(ontlric, tit love ot f 'llr pcophlO 1 (0I(1 to t (0e (lll(i1(D9 ((( (he w,(,r ill t (i 0 0Rop. Th((l re((0('t irooln Fii tore deeply llltjo(lrtll(, liood oir0 o(ool w#rthlly If cnrciull ehllnidcratbml by~ nll whlo tro lultcreste,| ill thle pr)grwr.l oI the worhk Of ((od ill thllt largo 0,ro( I( l crtrnllywo di 0(cu0t 0o give nOl 01o0trat Of tilt (( or( doeo l ill tiloh (hort pact ol((,edl lor tho report. Tile ' lfubaro~rlraoo of riches proctically )oreoo(tl 1h0( (roaw oiolg o0icien0(ly doto, bot Iho (ilol0(o J1ll01i(e 1, theu lnoll h al ire doiltb, r11ell 1!, gimlld wrork for Gio nd ariell( c(((rcoll l til(, obold (ll(;o to (ollol oo( 1eorool (o (Illl(0r0l(0ld ioooooe If thl(e(tioowioou ( af(IugouO ool/ooiono o llioh are at pre pulrt b(?illg t~i~eilwlel, ?re llmpo thnLt the,?uo ireutt repurta will bt) u'ch0lg(10 rloat 'lotd lthlio01. Theoy tellOo( ichcauo ill every dol~ott'ellot of (tht worh, of 0 dccl'csillg: of tilt) H:ilrtitnl lifo ill thle hleart of oa (,tit iellldri,? Ilull Of all evar-groat'ig Rttlltebtllellt, of tile 1.)(10 li to til) chlertch oll (ll(otohotolld f laY dOllU o l o ( llll( i fO( the tolor(bhro0 (lot[ rl'iritlltdl welfart) t, tile ?,'jinnl lceopl. lll+tullna is still writhlout a l'hu'ocn l ean ~lusolary, but tIll nnativ muinlistr an Fijinlu) Is conrduetillg thoe ?vtr)r piacet cl dcr hit; enr m wthuumlala Isr RIIII, Illdh is held ill highl estecn: by chlief tl~l mll:l 'e , ie ruport,? sill itlerectse Of tunlolbcr tl, It eittribtltioll of .gl!)c t,, til It lrlllt of tile puc ety, iIl~l It) rceopiu u of Hmeraril eollvt~rtq Irotlu Ilb~mlln (,ll!lollieJ~llll dur~illg tile )'tlt', 'J'1i· Hs~latlstlc II hhl;i lora $hrgo d~t showr tha~t h'omtll gjros: IIIIIIb~l" (ifGH 1(t-,5?5attvdlltai Ou ptlblh? wornhli ) thereO nre II(reL tfl(oll.or- hq'l0 0 1111 t 0l0llllb(l. Illld 50(O loae l)ro(0(loob h lld ClarS looa(llrh. hnh~l e which wcru s. ,|i~al~l tthe lht yeer bn hl omu 1)h11l'ie11 ti L C1 effcc a,??h,,?'ll i dCCCroI~So l ztd €i~allr, oHau d UUI Mllellr, writi.nJ. W l. W , ~Tlra uerIlees-r f h.ore, the r Iuilb aait firnt 'o~l~lllellullecl repo~rts :I:(L fl11Ill Ihllllll'q., 10|L 011 i, ill, I?11 I'.tt-'lt-·llll1 11; w~ith ?.!·.l) ltttllll~ll tt?lll R? lllhllU worI) hilhl it lllthxLIl" lill i lerr a,?o ill evenry *e:tioll ; Ittlll Uit' lRickl llullld hIr. Ohlhdlnll tlln ot~tlot*, k Ifo th (im ctr ii? fulII o[ h, C. Wou hl,>Po (11 [o ablel t Rcltnl i InlllU[ to Inltlwlr ttllolli?S tim OhliuesO ill thoC NozIhemI eiterah r lod h efl'uei'l statem , ,l under :-te gcr t di l:stn ltlt l: Su. (tciler felde lre dent Ill telches e ehi eeh th e e board W .olll Cllll. e eeneeee" In L OtICC eeLo the Ine:tl l ing sO phtUo It thlrcle idIt I'o·;tl. Thov xpeniltu In fPi rllS~owedit dccreltro o £I'irl1 .II i e el, e )le pru ,vt e syc'', byt tll seellllir tlly torlltrieeeeioetdi nlal, showelnd It de,;rvlt?,? o[l it ?inllhtl;r Illillll[. wlt· Y1t) Is ItllCl]. lOlhl ll).ii( In~t Iqlpl[ tllls tile sit neesI ' C eI r e lilt tho IIu?.IIH r llisitC io llh I es lU e bseth. ehelchle st Ihn t whit' lrlo ttle haerA est, ltlel the estses e sYier le:leelyeseeeee wiliaseIet te tc, llt he ee lltcillt re t oImratiuo) o[I lh? vllrch il withheh1|7 M"~r. J. W.r Wumb?)'?9 treaUnIr! for. the Ciuulbura brelenhetleed the eetnuyietl ltatlee.nt se under t:- tloolbllrll--dllll colui?'....Lnll IIC'JI· ?I·····r··+·· o. o.u eileebieh eelleeo ietee........................Y 'ibnth ' tip o leses eSes..................t.... 0 1 0o ?l'lllllautblq ........................... 8 7 Tihleyiero nt cotl ctiotns........... ".,,.;.t t i sre. erw h, L hide I e lteturte....... , .........e:. I t L'ollectcd~l bra . Lu ngi ....................... ii th eespe see ? lyen I), 31s . Mlini tylee , ee "Lb heen ese Bli?a Ilhlggirt ............ ',.1...,,,'·1 " 1 r. J. is Olsve re............r ' ..e;ert... the etb11U eleeu l ell seiedio l eer y S$0 5 v-onI.haI....... II .. , Lt ........ ... ......t ..... q4 5 It '1tseseteesteeteetiet . . . . it it4 MIr. Woinhey said thLe ladilas had colltod double thn amloutt n tlted, hltl of the total going to the home mission. The amnount for last year wnas oomowhtat larger than lthat for thlo year before, but £33 leots than in 188. If his businiess were going back in this wiLy hU should wvant to koow tho reason, and in the same way te'y musoI t find ot the caunson of the funds raised hero falling off. lo hloped they would doublln their subscriptions to the lady and children collictor.s, le had never before enjoyed a missionary anoiversary as hIe did this, becausu they had now had tht Bray. Dsvid Tonga nud his wile amongst them as trophion of tht gosptl. They witnessed in tleom t prett of tIl power of God to sav souls. Mr. Wombohy them readti tiu folloteitg extract ohowiug thim prograess ) tissliol workt: Oou thoisirct year ngo tio wort bae ratetl at 7y1.iiOO,OL), tit ohoit~ tttl,ottott,n\:Oni(. L'ti~LijotaaiotaU the n'4uil)la dttolictd at tLlit hrit.i.....Clotrllod. Ottu Itootot m ioalol , IIto Itto tiunrch ds a aiiiop olt yniooiioi wo eri, lt thie tuvcrllnollto t tlot ottoim irorold rtotoitua; ntow, toitht littlo ecetptiotll ti rleoootoLo thltoh. Ott Ilttoltdtttlt) th t tg r ot t) atlls- tletlilto rlootto ork ingt ouilpision esoiety; Lno tthey had tf porlctt. One tI cilted tch0 m o fturatiout tioit trauhtlot o bt itituct Li btcndo ltltsotntic, tihe worat 00 too turbltodint; toh n o teiro h u000 tiissiolaries, neartlyt otyt-thtirt ot wotim tro nootlcttt noU:totth),0U ttlito otnotts, 00e0 o0 n tolt ial ctnl:tiled tt itmttidittor. Ote hImlttlo .rd 00000 10:u Ottor toe0re 0 ot t:)ot Clhtthttottl CoIttIY ttittoItt,, Ohe hcathico, tio thert to m ,.e tiJO. O tt1 ltulltt o ?.l.t s t l it oat tithogitt h to Ilot o8 r too t ollte n Ittooln UMoIStuayIatd. ntclllm o p, ito lltiaS prtt ti, o Laoon, IIndi, toout at tho moltiut Christtin pbstlo t ro collvectcd u llSundyot t lnst . Within the paOL tto years not thai t £ Oo youngt lUeo hiae wollt rtollt the Utoito . Dtates utd otllooRt, rtntt u labottntlt aith icccto. Tlto 3Iltotutot o1 hcononty hooo dolto ftood toro, bout t, tOt ,ll.ttSaionOog rat, bith dteh of tile tlantoic, omt anllditod tilet ioavrahit riotle. Tilis great tchnge his nel t been efatsteod by elvilise tio or uduatttion, but by lto power oa tho Holy Ghost oorting upon meon' heorto. Lot tlne frothioukcrs- ho atllted them treothouolot graeshopper--go and produce tth sana tooults in ooo hutdrod yetrs; but thaedr oNs. Wh-dcn ilargon u Stthe do it. we aurged thie mtoling to matt titeir contriboutions equl to those of tgdi. Theo coltotions l ost Suuday hod not camt up to hiiS eopectatieo, and to cteotl tho amounit raitiod by aollt'tions at uonday strvices nod publicme taotillo ito tti{, it woulit bo nectsoary for thlat roating to givt Lo. !ii Iepopd thit would be dotne. (tl)ptlautte.)' Tile hourch ctloir sang the authot, O Taste nud See. The lov. Dvtrid Toug:t ou risit g o awo greteOd orith loud apptolato, i todod tllat ho hIlt norwotot in spootl;.og in titu Engtlish Itaugtloga, lndiung diliculty in expoo'eitig titasetl, ohibOh tte shotulit not eopori Iott it Optoleaiuig it, his own tanguage. Whou ho asoa tthto tarcctinot it roemiadod him at a bird they Ithtd in Tottoa. Wheto n tlargo numobor of thomn wero it.,rtn aiugitig tuoctho,:r, it won hnown to be a sura igau that rain watold eaou fall, nod tita Teo-auat prepared for it. Now he hoped that largo meoleting was a sure sign thalit ther woRld bho the roain of a good collection to-niglht. (Laughter and applause.) Ho came from islands named by Captain Cook tho Friendly Islands, otherwiso known as Tonga. Formerly the people thoro believed that thro gods, whou ishing in the soea, found a heavy drag on their line, and on pulling it in, brought up lthe world. With the Tongans the world was Tonga. They also believed lthat tie sky was once only about two foot from the earth. One day a woman who had travelled a long woy for water was met on her return by a god who asked for a drink. She refusend, re mlarkling thalnt lshe, a nweak wvoman, had travelled at long way to get water, and ihe, a strong man, could do lthe same. TiUe god lhowever persisted, and offered to raise the sR and thus recIoder hier future tasks easier if shao would give him a drink. She conosented; and after having the water, the god took a largo stickl and commOenced to 1push thOe sky with it. Ho found it hard, but succeeded in raicing italittle; but lthis did niot satilsfy thie wman, iand she urged the god to work on until the skly was raised ias it is unp iposed to be soon at proesent. The Tongau tradition of tihe origin of man was that ai god planted a tree, which grow and spread. SomOetime after ie faund it contained a worm whlich he cut into three parts, coh of whiclh bcuame a man. Some of the gods after wards birought women to likeep company with the men. Wheno the mnissionaries camo with tbo gospel, the people were easily convinced that theose storie wore false. Tloy gladly received the gospel and the truth; oand they now desired that others might lhave sent to them thle same bless ings they hlad received. (Applaluse.) The people of Togla formerly had a religion of fear and used to build honses for gods of wood and stone. Tiey ihad priests and did what they told them, because they were afraid. But tley were not happy, because e thy lived in fear. The missionaries taught a religion of love ano d (ote which mande them Ihappy. (Appltause.) The Wesleyarns came first, and on tbho preaching of tihe misraiotnaeies tihe pteplo forookl their old religion, burnto their gods, and joined the Wesleyan chlurlch. (Applnauste.) 'Phlo RIolman Catholics camei next, but very few joined that chlurch becanuse tbo Wenloyaus ihad list brougfht them the goafel nod all good things. Tohey were taught to read mIdl writo. He had been borni a 0heatoen; his pauents were heathenf ; and be found it very hard to letarn to write. Then ie firslt oIaw and loved his wifeo. IHe felt himself unworthly, being ignorant and of heathen parenLts, while shoe had bCUen educated; but at last Ilin love for ]ber couqueotledl, and ibe Unltonaged woilt groat ditliaoity to write hier something it the shape of a letter, thoughf it conld scarcely be called such. (Laughlter.) She sent a r,,ply whioh hto copied; and ohe might say that io tho copying of hier letters toe hlimself learned to wnrite. (Ahpllause.) Then the Ifev. Mr. Moultono (apploause) storted a collego and taughot Greek, algebra, and history. He trans. lated into their lhugnnago Esup'e Fables, the Pilgrim's Progress, and Milton. He also taught them to sing. Ho found it was almost impossible to teach them to sing by note, so he framed a system of singing by figures whichl the natives foound very easy. [Thoe apeaklcr sang a few lines in illustration.] In fact MIr. Moulton had taught them very well-all that was necessary-lapplause,) arnd this was nwhy Mr. Baiter lnted him. Mr. Baker saw thlat Mlr. Moulton had dono great good and be tried to osend him away. He said Mr. Moilton lnow too much for the Tongans, too mush for thel KIing; and he influenced tile King against him. Mr. DBaler had gone to Tonga as a missionary, but he left the clhuchl arid becameio premier, having as much power as thebo King. The people in Tonga wore not free, like thle people here, Ibecause in olden times they were thie slaves of thIe KIing and the chiefs. Mr. Balter formed a new chlurch which thie KIing joined. They called it toe free church; but it was a church of slaves. Mr. lBaker said the Wesleyan oonforouce took away money from Tonga, but this was not true, becauseo all thle money raised in Tonga was divided among thle statilons there. When Mr. \Waitlin joined thle new church, tho people were left without a sheplherd, and they could not oundorstand lhis action because they trusted tile mitsiolnries in everything. The King called a meeting and asked those who loved him to join thle now churchl. The people haod no time to think. He (titoe snonloeaker) aid if they hilled him end the WesloyaJs, Weusleyanism would stalrt agajin. The Kigul snnt to him asking him to join the new eholutch and pointing out that hlis family had alwayn hoeon on the same side as the King. Hte tIied Goud to help him to do what was right; and Ihe refused to join. He said then if people liked to join the new ehiireh, Iet them do so; bot if ethers desired to remlin Wssleyanso let them do so; let all be free to worship Gel as they pleased. (Loud applause.) Tile King thon eent to him a chiefl who told him that the King would giiveo him a clhairmanship in the uew church if hie joiuedl it. Ioe replied that if the King asked hIim to dlo aSoythiog elso for him hl woould doI it, but he would iioit alter his religion heCUluse it helonUged tl hlimseolf sud his God. (Applause.) People weho re fusiied to jUin tile IInow church daily eX)eCted to be lshot irI humig, Their hiouses were entereld and overy tlingi toakei froli ti hemm, aud they were seut away to Fiji, hie aud hris wife amiosg thorn. Tlhey had niow coumie flos Fiji, and he was sorry for tie exiles, be. caus flamilies had been eparated. IieHusbands were sent to Fiji, wives rumainiig in Toniga ; wives sent away, husliands remainiig; children to Fiji, parents in Tonga; and so on. (Shlname, shame.) However thley were hllppy, anud thankeo d Gd for nassisting thn to endure thILe pereoeultioU they had suliffered. There were three thitogs they stood fast by; the first wal tlhelir religion, the seotid was tiLe right to woor. ship God as they ileased, th t thlirdl was their freedomi. (Applausoi.) Their elhurllcl had agaiin started in Touo i, o!lud lit relount missiosnaryn meetings at Tonga. tabu and IHaIni thely lhad cilleated .£tuO and .100 respotively. IHe st.od boefore them to lshw how u isful iiiseionary lalllours had ieuii, stod ho hluped they would coio tiuu to so0lport the society. (L.oud anonnlause. STho congegatiou aaog another hymn. MIrs, Toog, soid she had iheard it stated inthat women wore alwayS sbli to sp)Ia'k, but she felt very nervrous, She was going to try to tell them about tbo day they took tlr and ter Ilusitaud to prisouo, On a Saturday aIlrornoou they nsaw two schoolirs arrive old Habaal filled with soldiers and ollioer. They Iunw well that they had comie to see it thiere were any Wesltoyano in Halbnai and to persecute them if there were. Tihey wesr only left alone for the light and the following day. On the lonuday the ollicers came and took her Ihusbaid aiid twotlher native ministers to prison. On tbo way there they beat tibo two miniatters, but not her Ihusband because tbo KIing lovedi him audforliad thie oliueelts from injurinmg him. She wamntod to go witth her thusband, but the oeicers said they would not ltake them tbn othter. They then wenut to the housei of am woman who was a classn- leader and toost aia'y all her ioods. They Ibeat her and put her into prisoin with seveIIral woIinIds in her body. Thie next person taken was a local preacher. Then snother female class-leader was brnught away from iher house and ptil oi another island. Hier she aowas so ill-used in the presouce of a minister of tho free church that she fainted, nod when shio recovered silo was augin beaten till her leg and arm were brokeu. She was thou placed in a canot anod efforlts wori iads to drown tuelr by capsizing the cauns; but being accustuomied to swim e ho mabnaged to reach a reeool bruised nud nakted. She wsas lfter wards dragged about the reelf. She was again bleaten at Lovulka, When in tbhe pirison nho was so bruised that she could only lie ttpou her breast. The house of noolheor ulonss:ioador was set on lirn over bher ie.d and she wnas draggedd along tlh road by the hair of bher head to prison. At lat they oname for lher (hire, Tonga) nod the occupiers of lher house. Shu was taken by the arms anud pulled out of the house. Ou thie Nway to the prison they wore beaten with stones and clubs. The white wool shirts of the soldiers ware dyed red with tbo blood of the unfortunate captives. They were kept in tho prison for a week. It nwas tbo intention of the oflicialo to starve them to deathl, but thi whites intlerlfered and supplid them with food. At ithe ud of a weyk they wore takenu out of the priso andi pnton board a vesael and taklen to Fiji, whorn a number of the exiles now wnre. They nhad suffered, but they were halppy that they had bouon ablu to bear tile punishmiunt for Jnsu's sanke. Among thu captivelns as an only dOauighiter of tie King's. 1Ie soot her ta inssigo bececcbing her to join the fro church and reur nirn ti him; but snli refused. lMrs. Tonga conludued a touching speechl by expressinig the hope thalt if she did niot sona thie naudi oaico again it this world they would meet in the next. She sat down amidsti gr?at applause. The collection was then mnade, durinrg whlich tihe choir sanog tli anthems, O Prais te t b,,rt All Ye Heuithbn. The liev. David Tonga and hin wife tihen tsiang jU thpi uilntiro , ogethe hin iiSlbaund pliyilng the accompanuinent on thie organ. It was h iglly :Ippre elated anod waes louldly appliaudnl. Thiny aIsl sa:?g two other piecea in rieponsel teo oes,,v. Thie uIv. A. J. \Webb saidn hu v:,ils silhow encel lent seanso tonight by not inmaking a speehl. It wain notnccessary for Ihimn to argue tomnightL inn alipport of missions, beca:tiue his argullentls woro present on thn platfoirm in the pers?oans of the l1ev. David Tonga nud his wifo. It rwas not necessary for lhim to describe the work. An Sir Christopher Wren's moonomont in St. Pautl's catiedral only bore the wordo "circnm opico," Ihe would say to his audience, " Iooki around" and sHue what missionary work had done. A sln born a heathen; to-day a minister of Christ, as rmnch a minister in the sight of God as he was, or in the night of tbe conference, or in tile ight of the church -a tutor of a collego, who had told them tlhat when he was young he could not write his love-letter, but who novortlleloss by his own exertions and the asnsist ance of loving ministers like Mr. Moulton (applause) one of thle grandest men in tihe churchl, waos a mnthciematician ned able to coach e lis olass throogh alg.hra ,t,id the roll 'iiS of tonldt, ale, bad tanghlt titmnt to road inltheir own l ia:gnguae t! r. grand writer, Milton, iiid whoit wins itle to plre~ah such a nrmn as theIoy nlad heard in Soutlay morning. Ho (Mr. Wobb) felt proud of the fue, that he hand booeen a missionary. The Rev. David Tonga had told them that he had been offered i ohairrun sllip as a bribe. : He (Mr. Wobb) had jusrt been elected to the position of chairmao, not nos it bribe, but though hbeviewel it as an honour tobo chosen the chairman of tie historik Goulburn district, still ie was prouder of the fact that lie had been a missionary for eighteen years in Fiji,nand lie and his wife chorilshed thle romombraenco as thie most precious circiim stance connectedt with their lives. Ho had noticed ihow tie' meeting had appreciated and listened with intenso interent t, thle remarks of thle lov. Davnid Tonga ansd Iis wife, but they could not appreciate them nas he did, wirlo knew thle hnlabits and fueongs of the natives. He was prond to see such n lnarge meeting and wasi proud to sea such trophies for God. (AIpplnause.) Mr. \Vomboy said hie had a few remarks tb make, and ]o wits glad that tlhey were of a pleasant nature. He was pleased to be abile to say the collection had excooded the amotnt reqiired to reach that of 188t . Thie sum receivedt fromt tihe collections on Sunday ansd that eveniing had reachled g20 1I/6. Time interest manifssted in this anuiversary had given hiiu frelsh healrt, and ]t hoped they would makLe iup £100 this year. Ho hatd derived many thinsgs spirituail from the visit of their friends. (Applause.) IMr. Waterlhouie moved " that the following be the committeo for thu ensuting year :--fIesuro, -Iodges, Griaham, Watorhnouse, HIniggart, J. Landowon, Col bIrt, Dalton, J. Oliver, Sibson, Bray, W. Oliver, F. Ewverott, MInh.se, C. iurner, W. Lansdown, Long, itoward, and IKennedy; J. V. Wolnbey, hon. secre tnry; J. Bond, hloll. treasurer." Secoltided by MIr. Woodland and carried. Mr. Silion moved a voto of thankts to the lady colletoroe,thtt juveniloecllectors, tholchoir, andto Mr. 130ale for Luhdn{ a piano. S.cotlded by M\li. HIobards and carried by acala motion. ir. Howard outvel 'vot of tlhanks to the depu tation, tile Roev. DavidTonga and his wife. Seconded by Mr. Allard and carried by acela matlion. The Reov. David Tonga appropriately asntow lodged thie vote, ansd meutioned that lie and his wife had had their photographs taken for salo to enable him to meet a debt hIe had incurred in feeding tie captives in prison. The claim was £10 and he had already received hall that amount. At the close of the mauting several persons purchased copies of tie photographs. fr. WVomboy moved a vote of thanks to the chair. man and it was carried by acclamation. The mooting concluded with the Dosology and the Benediction. Mr. Piekerugill, organist to the church, presided at the pino, and fir. C. W. Furner st the organ. 