Notes ou ;'-ly lieiit. I havk received n red-hot letter from a pVty Wbo; wipl)4s( nle .to ?put the whole I truth aud nothing but ' It b.'fore my readers anent a receut maintenance case, but I cannot see my way to painting your columns ' in bright vermilion eveu for one I&biip;, for If what he writes went into print most decided ' ructions' Would he ore&ted.; Amongst - other things be wislms me to denounce the 'Dqtserable^immnra) .pnt Uouhh-Jo:l(- j iugoraw Who found tlieftUQUHy iver tbe wretched affair.' aud bas a beau to *:iv I about those who, he says, ' put the job up' Be also states that tbe whole liusl ness was arranged to bladkeu the charac ters of certalfi parties who were guiltless, and t Imt the ' promoters of this otiarac tei-lefamlng eGheuie' have themselves a worse ntoord than those they would calumdiata.' Some or tiie quietest sec tions of Mils flaming article bave now beeu quoted, and ao excuse may theie fore be made for not outpouring tbe whole vial of wroth. * » « * ' * We have gone through a period of horse racing In tbis district wbicb isjUBt about as muob as a community of our size can etaud, but barring a few little ' accidents' no one can object to tbem on broad reasons, for whatever evil there is in tbem is takeu out of tbe town after the events, and the little exchange of money does no faarni. That horse racing is full of swindles no oce will doubt, but they are swindles wbicb do not de moralize the public from eud to end, and moreover, tbey cloBe with tbe aettilng up. One cannot say the same of pedes trisnism as it now shapes, aud tboBe who are against these incessant sjiorts bave my hearty sympathy. - We are having what is vulgarly termed a 'per- fect belly-full' of sprinting, and tbfe place has run riot over tbis form ft f sport, so that genuine labor is turned upside down to gratify the passion for making money by such means, and the epare cash of a multitude wbo can reilly have very little of that commodity to spare, Is lavishly spent in support of such' affairs. We used to bave it thrown in our teetn that we were a dull town. Well, if tbis sort of thing Ib to' brand us as a lively place, let us by all means slide back into tbe old groove aa quickly as possible, be cause the spirit and ' go' that bas come upou us ib about as uuhealtby and Unnatural as it can be. '?* ' * * * « However, to turn to horses aud tbe ' king of sports' again, it is marvellous what a knowledge in his special line a horsey man bas, and wbat a range of facts be bas at his ready command, while all bis information but leads him to losses. I am not talking about the ' feller wot knows wots wot ' before a race, for that is indeed a wide range in the art of double reddies, but of those wbo are up in pedigrees, weights, ages, aud per formances. You, dear reader, for instance, are au inuocent iu horse racing, aud one wbo visit* the course for tbe fun of the thing, hut uotas an expert in tbe busi ness. You venture in your drive down to suggest to a fellow-passenger that Jones' Jumbo may possibly win the Cup. A torrent of ridicule is heaped on your head. ' Wot, that 'orse win 1 'e can't do it no mere ner fly. Look at his breeding, why 'e's only a Elephant, and 'is dam's a busb mare. Sown at Ipswich 'e ran a dead Inst witb 6 et. 4 lbs. on 'im.' Hav ing given up Jumbo at once, and learut from your companion that Mumho is the horse, you get into the saddling pu iilock, aud gently bint to some passer by tout Browu'e Mumbo will win haudg down. Tbe words are hardly out of your lips when you are told, 'she's a good mare hut no stayer, ain't got a ghost of a show,' aud tbat Robinson's Bumbo can give her five seconds and lick .her all over. You are now satisfied that. Jumbo and Mumbo are out of it, and making your way to the totalizator mention to some sporting friend that you are going to plump your gilt on Bumbo, a dead bird. Horror upon horrors ! You learn tbat Smith's Cumbo ' lowered tbe record at a trial witb tbis self same Bumbo only last morning,' and theformer wasrlgbt in to the race up to her neck. Youleaveyour friend, determined that your boots and necktie shall go on Cumbo, and tbat you will trust to darkness covering you to your house if you come down in tbe muck. You approach tbe machine radiant with hope when a whisper falls on your ear, ' Hash ! take a tenner for me on Humbo, tbe rest are etlff.' You look round carefully, and fiDd a local leviathlan, wbo always makes a pot be cause always in the swim, advising bis hawk what to do for bim. Your mind . ! is made op at last ; everything shall go on Hambo. Yoaare now actually at the pigeon hole, and look up for tile last time at tbe. IIbI of names. Poshed behind, and yelled at into a state of flurry and fury by anxious backere all round, you say ' Ten ' Numboe. , 1 tn«an Humbos.' They're off I 'The man * hands you ton Nuinbus. You protest 'Too late,' be says, '-they've started.' You Ibslst; be won't yield ; a regular row between yon and tbe totalisa tor man enBUee. The orowd yells, ' Hum bo, Jumbo, Tumbo, Wumbb, Cumbo,' and you go 'away growling ]ust in time to see Numbo win by four clear lengths.' You don't growl then of oourse, but tbe next astonishing thing to winning at fall that strikes yon Is tbe won&erful; pedigree at tached to the victorious Numbo, and Ills magnificent ; performances elsewhere, wbicb made bim a deceased fowl for the event, andwbich are already pulbe tongues of fifty diflerent people who never men tioned tbe creature before the raoe. In tbe above paragraph I muBt apologise II there are some phrases not known to all men. Tbey are choice expressions strongly flavoured witb manure, and re served for use only on the turf, and (with apologies to 'Hippopotamus' I mean ' Hipparlon ') among turf writers. ***** Mr. Powekb will not take it amiss, itis to be hoped, if be bo congratulated on bis Bill for cheapening law on the principle of setting a tbler to catch a fellow trade?, man. The law as itstandB now isa mon strous farce in half of the cases It handles, i and a huge money grinding uiafehiu'e acting on tlic public ir all. Mr, Powers^ bas evidently a mind above shop, and in deed whatever may be said for or against 1 t.i.-. hj.i ouitiivo gi-nius, hit. oouduut as a |iinili! in -;i proves Hi, l he has as pl'ationa uii-ivt* the common, aud which hiv u- t to lie stun'c I hy lepnl fraihtug j or theoareful guardianship of vested In . tereslssn palpable In ull members of the ' profeBsinu up to tbe date of C. Power?, ' A.D. It Is not Intended here to expand ! on Mr.. Powers' Bill; but It Is fight j that the public should know what a I noble eftoit— fur It is nothing short , of nnb'e— Mr. Powers has made. Last | sesslou' when ? be proposed to bring | forwaTd ' a' mensure of the* kind, lie spoke with great earnestness on the I matter, though with nothing like the i fervour unr the talent be used last week in the House, aud th' result was that he received from both sides of tbe Assembly mildly npurohative taps on the back, uot so much offering encouragement, but in a way iigsurinc him that his aims were good, but thai ' we have all been struck tbe same way iu our youth, but have given it up as we came to years «f dis cretion.' At that time mauy spoke a4 earnestly iu favor of cheapening the law as Mr. Powers, and none so strongly a& the lawyers ; but now that bo has come tortb witb ntrength enough In debate to burl defiance at the arch-lawyer of Queensland himself, and to force the wbole House to listeu to what he bas to say for his Bill In wrapt attention, he finds tbat he has raised a hornet's neat about his ears. The trihe of lawyers on tbe Griffith side, quite ready at all times by meaningless aphorism to approve of ameudiug legal laws, find that their man is actually in earnest, and not to be brow- beaten. They oppose bim at once, and want to make out that he iB 'turning dog' on biB own profession. Seeing therefore that among bis own brothers in the trade he is likely to get nosupprrt whatever, let us, as a fleeced commuuity, support him heartily. This bas been a hobby with Mr. Powers, and a good one too. Tbe publlo can now help bim to help themselves. BrtlWETHTNG b?s already been said In this column about the society bosb so ex cruciatingly tittle-tattled in tbe bigauro and Boomerang, and the demand lor mis lorm or ruunisn muse maeeu De very great wheu a uew paper is started, tbe Prinerse, wholly aud solely ou the basis of recording tbis form of twaddle. Oue tbat was sent round lately as an adver tisement for a milliner's firm is a fair sample. The paper is divided into ad vertisements, a loading article, aud infor mation. Of the leader tbis much may be said of It— that it is au auti- man article, and of which by no meanB original stand something will be said by and by. Tbe information consists of all tbat appertains to dress, a subject quite witliiu the useful range of a paper tor ladles, but beyond tbat tbe news ia positively appalling in its petty details of women's movements. Wben one knows or knows of tbe person mentioned, then it car. be understood bow grotesque tbe whole of tbis pure and unadulterated bosh muet be. Unfortunate nobodies are skull-dragged out of their retirement to figure in print as having caught a cold or returned from somewhere when their absence was uever noticed. Obscure wemen bave thtir doings paraded before the public, and school girls are jotted dowu as baviug returned tn their ma's or paid a visit to some unheard of in dividual or other. It is'ditficult to know what this sort oftbiug will lead to, but it must certainly ' fill a long-felt want,' or otherwise tbe people who pander to such immodest trivialities would have to earn their living some other way. Cer tain it is tbat it is a most baneful practice, and uot likely to encourage retiring dispositions or to put down showy fi males, or to discourage idle gossip. ***** Turning to the ami-man proclivities of the Princess, these are instanced by the leader, which is nothing short of a story of bow a woman loved and was loved. Tbe male bird, however, went sway and left bis darling without a word for Boine time. Sbe at last mBrries someone else, and when iu a married state receives a letter from the old flame. This she opens not, and it is found attached to ber on death. The moral is the constancy of woman, aud, by implication, the in fidelity of man, and the Princess' writer uo doubt fancies that this instance is sufficient to stamp men as villains as a class, and to uphold the superiority of all women. Tbis would be all right, bow ever, were it not that there are hundreds of thousands of stories of fidelity and in fidelity to be told on both sides. To exalt women is a higher office, but it is not to be done by telling tbem to ' 'ware men,' or by giving them the slightest hope that tbey are a bit tbe superior of tlielr natural mates, or by telling tbem that by succumbing to house bold uibuagemcut they descend in their position. The Prmorsn has a grand future ai-d work before it by coufining itself to the best interests of womeu, to their mental culture, to pro moting modeBty and refinement, thrift and purity among them, by fostering a love of home, and hy aiding their cause in obtaining a wider field for their labors, but to fly In l.be face of nature is to doom the paper to the circulation of soured old maidB, and to insert columns of nothing 'about female nobodies Ib to lower tbe sex in the eyes of all, aud to encourage ostentation apd boldness, * * * * * Among TUB Books.— The trusteesofthe British Museum bave just purchased tbe second edition of the Indian Bible, trans lated by John Eliot into the language ,of the Virginian, Carahiidpe, Mass., 1680 1685— a hook of extreme '? rarity, . . . Messrs. Kills and Klvey are about to pub.' Ilsh a small work on tbe copy which has lately come into their possession of the Spanish letter written by Chrljtopber Columbus to Luis de 8ant Angel, an nouncing tbe discovery of tbeNew World, As this was probably printed within a very short time of Columbus's return to Hpniu, it appears to be tbe earliest docu mentary .notice of tho New World now Inexlstence. . . ? Th roe journals, des iriilng^luifiet the whole of his political ltt(er .have beeu discovered, tbe Ilaliaii papete 'say, among tbe papers of Sign or Depretis. They have been placed In tbe bauds of a tieputyt wbq Will decide whetheV they Mil b» published without injury to tlie Interests' of llnl$'. Oue journal is described as |-)f surpassing internst-wlth reg ird to comparatively re cent pnlilic&l; events . , . The Kev. W. W. Tulloch, B,D- eon of the latf'i Prinolpal Tullooh, will succeed Prof- scor Story as editor of th(! 5 cots' , Magazine. , CONSTABLE X. 