YORK RACES. FJDBST DAY. [By Electric Telegraph.] Yobk, April 23, Yesterday the weather was beautifully fine, although heavy rain fell previously. The attendance of the public at the race course was fairly sood, all the hotels beine fall of visitors. His Excellency the Gover nor is on a visit to the district. The racing was better than was expected; the follow ing is a list of results : — Flying Handicap. — Of .£26, threequar ters of a mile; start at noon. Gunpowder „ ? M 1 Blacklock ? 2 Gunpowder won the whole waveasuV. and finished three lengths in the lead. Time, lmin. 19Jsecs. Dividend, 12s. Selling Back. — Of .£20. Once round the course, heats. If sold for £4O, weight for age, 141bs. allowance for every reduc tion of .£10 in price. Start at 1 pan. At the start in the first heat Savanaka led off, closely followed by Bandolph and Obe ron. At the three-quarter mile post Oberon collared the leader, and Bandolph shot into second place. This position was retained until the finish, Oberon besting Bandolph by a head. Time, 2min. 41secs. Dividend, 18s. For the second heat Skimmer was scratched. From the start Oberon led, Basdolph being second, and Savanaka third. Up the straight there was a splendid race between the two leaders, both being under the whip, and pushed to their ut most, the result being that Oberon manag ed to get past the post just by a short head from the old chestnut. Time, 2nin. 46) sees. Dividend, 13s. Hack Back.— Of JE12. J^Once round tiie course. Winner to be sold for j£1, sur plus to go to race club. Catoh weights. Entrance, 12s. Start at 2 p.m. For the Hacks there were three entries — Bandolpb, Lady Jane, and The Ghost, the former winning easily, with lots in hand. The winner was soldiDUbediately after the lace, the purchaser being Mr. A. Forrest, at the price of £17. Wist Australian Plate (Handicap.) — Of .£50. For West Australian-bred horses only. 14 miles. Start at 3 p.m. In this race there were two false starts, owing to the f factiousness of Nimrod. At the get away, however, 'Red Cross made the running for Lowlander and Blacklock, and went at a great rate for the first half-mile. At the three-quarter-mile post from home Valentine went to the front, and Lowlander and Progress came up. On entering the straight the order was Valentine, Lowland er, Progress, and a splendid race ensued nassed, Valentine being the winner by a bead from Lowlander, Progress being third, two lengths off. Time, 2miu. S2secs. Divi dend, 17s. Avon Plat*.— Of .£60. Smiles. Weights for age. Entrance, £3. Start at 4 p.m. For tiiis event, the race of the day, there were only two starters — Duration and Gunpowder, the latter being a hot favorite in the betting. Both horses went off at an easy canter, -which they continued until Hearing the last mfla post, when they raced at top speed, Gunpowder winning by a bead. Time, 4min. 12secs. Dividend, 15s. 