THE MYSTERY OF THE CROWN PRINCE. WAS THERE A DOUBLE SUICIDE? DETAILS OF THE GREAT TRAGEDY. The Berlin correspondent of the Glas gow Herald and° the Brussels correspon dent of the Daily Chronicle send details of the versions current on the Continent as to the way in which the Crown Prince Rudolph met his death. HOW THE PRINCE WENT 3HAD. Crown Prince ^Kuaolph, according to the Glasgow Herald, had for the lasb three years at least been living In a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, his Infideli ties completed the separation, and gradu ally ib became apparent that the young pair, formerly bo attached to each other, were leading a cat -and -dog life. The Crown .Prince took to drinking in excess. He had never been' of strong constitution. Of slight build and nervous, lymphatic temperament, highly Imaginative and excitable, he could not stand wine. He lost Interest In the literary pursuits and artistic studies which had been hiB delight during the happy days of his union with the Crown Princess Stephanie, and he was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-Bhooting and deer- stalking. He was frequently seen with a flushed face. He took pleasure more and more In low society, and became smitten with a fond ness for ghost stories and spiritualism. The end of this was that he got haunted with the fear that he might become mad, like Louis IL of Bavaria. On his mother's side he had some of the Wittelsbach blood In his veins, and he was constantly staring at the portrait of the Royal lunatic, his kinsman, which was hung on a wall of his study. THE BARONESS MARIE. He had an Intrigue with a Baroness Marie von V ? , says the Daily Cfitonide, a young lady of 21, and one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to aa old Czech family, and was the niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the Baroness Marie and the Crown Prince began some months ago, at the house of the Countess Larisch. This increased the estrangement between Prince Rudolph and the Crown Princess Stephanie, and the Prince scarcely made a secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. In this he counted confidently upon receiving the assistance of the Em peror, if for no other reason than on account of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified thab the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. HIb . Majesty professed himself — as he undoubtedly is — very attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his nnmarital conduct). On Sunday, January 27, there wae a terrible scene between the Crown Prince and his wife. The Arch duchess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the .Crown Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to Interfere. He told the Crown Prince that he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. 'There,' he said, ' you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals.' At the same tune, however, the Emperor cautioned the Crown Princess to be more patient with her husband. The infuriated Archduchess turned upon hia Majesty with the German proverb 'Ihe apple does not fall far from the tree,' which means ' Your son iB but a chip of the old block.' This was unjust, for the Emperor Francis Joseph has never been a Lothario. He made no answer to his daughter-in-law's Insult. HIS LAST APPEARANCE IN PUBLIC. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at Princess Reuss's recep tion on that same Sunday evening. He was then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. The next morn ing his father sent for Mm and repeated what he had said on the previous day, but with more peremptorlness, adding that he would give the Crown Prince a week in which to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Archduke Rudolph got very angry and left his father without kissing his hand, according to Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph HoyoB inviting them to join him at Meyer ling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling In a two-horsed cab driven by a man named Bratfisch. Ib Is remarkable that the Crown Prince having so many carriages of his own should have driven out from Vienna for the last time In a cab. Bat Bratfisch was a noted singer of comic songSj and the Prince wanted to make merry hi his company. On Tuesday night the Prince dined With Count Joseph Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of cham pagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was sum moned in to sing to him. The Crown Prince, Hoyos, and Bratfisch remained up to gether till 3 In the morning, bub during the intervals between Bratfiach's songs the Prince several times left the dining room, and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a. m. the singular company separated on the understanding thab the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock In the morning. THE GAMEKEEPER STORV. From this point the stories differ, the Olasgoto Seraid telling the gamekeeper story, and making the girl who committed suicide not the Baroness M ? but) another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy. Of Portuguese extraction, and of fiery temper, she drove down Co Meyerling on Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Crown Prince's departure from Vienna. She had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were In a warehouse to gether. On reaching Meyerling she In sisted on seeing the Prince. The later- . vlew-whlch he had with his excitable lady-! love quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, declared that her shame would soon become public, and ended by say ing that unless the Crown Prince would take her openly under his protection and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. The Crown Prince was so frightened thathe dared not let the girl go 'back to Vienna alone, but proposed that she should re main for the night at Meyerling. She was accordingly Installed in the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named GrotBchka. At night the Crown Prince slipped out and went to the game keeper's lodge to his sweetheart. Ab this hour an underkeeper called Welder Ing was going his night round of the castle grounds. Welderisg had orders to call the head keeper at 6, and at the hour appointed went to the lodge and! knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun slung over his back. Suddenly, while he knocked ab the front door of the house, he heard a window at the side of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Crown Prince was hi thenouse he ran round, saw a man scampering away in the' dark, Ehouted to him to stop, and the nexb Instant fired. The man dropped, hit In theahonlder. Welderiug hurried up, and the Crown Prince struggling to Ms feet gasped out — 'I am Archduke ? Rudolph; I'm hit; lead me to the Schloss.' The Prince swooned at this moment, just as he reached the window where the girl whom he had left a few minutes before was standing. Weldering appeared then to have called out in his distraction that he had killed the Crown Prince, upon which the girl with drew with a dismayed shriek and swal- . * . lowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. It la not certain if the Prince knew what she had done. The only sure thing Is thab recovering quickly from his swoon, he ordered Weidering again to help him walk to the Schloss, and gave him the strictest Injunctions to hold his tongue. The Prince then went home, and shortly after waB found lying dead and drenched with blood. He was lying half out of the bed, and there was a revolver on the floor. THE SUICIDE OF THE BAEONESS. According to the Daily Chronicle, the gamekeeper's story is all false. The truth is as follows: — When the Crown Prince went to Meyerling the Baroness Marie disappeared, leaving a note for her mother, in which she said she was going to drown herself In the Danube; The terrified mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause enquiries to be made. Detectives were accordingly placed ' upon the track of the young lady, and on the following day they made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Meyerling. Count Taaffe con veyed this Information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter dated Meyerling, la which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Prtneehad resolved to commit suicide together. The Prince had promised her marriage as soon as he obtained his divorce from the Crown Princess, and when he informed her thab this was now impossible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning In the bedroom of the Crown Prince. When LoEchek, the valet of the Crown Prince, entered the bedroom in the morning, after having vainly knocked for admittance, he found the bodies of both lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone, he carried that of the baroness into an adjoining room, so thab when Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count HoyoB, on being summoned by Loschek, entered the bedroom they only saw the body of the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of Eulclde, as was reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, 'I would rather have lost a province than this disgrace should have befallen me.' 