OßlGIML CORRESPONDENCE. I UNAVAILING ASSAULTS. I (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR,-So much abuse, calumny, and misrepreson tation huve lately been launched against the Catholic Church by Orange spouters and writers, that I sup- pose they aro suvprised that by this time all its ad- herents had not gone over to Protestantism, It is certainly humiliating for them to reflect that after all their trouble not one stone has been loosened, much leBs removed-not even one small bit of mortar has been detached from the sacred edifice of the grand old Catholic Church. It all had about the same effect as the bite of a mosquito would Lavo on a wooden leg. It reminds mo of a cartoon that appeared a few years ago, when Bismarck, elated with his success on subduitg France, deter- mined to make war on the church. Bismarck was represented as pulling vigorously at a rope which was 'fastened to the cross surmounting the Cathe- dral of Mayence. His Satanic Majesty was repre- sented looking on, and presently, with a malicious grin, he asked Bismarck what he meant to do. Bismarck replied he wanted to pull the cross down. His Satanic Majesty, being very much interested in the proceedings, a¡>ked how long it would take him to do it. Bismarck replied " Four years." "Then," said his Satanic Majesty, "you arc much more powerful than I am, as I have been eighteen hundred years trying to do the same work, and have not succeeded yet." But it appears that which was too great a task . for the mighty Bismarck, with the greatest power in Europe-perhaps 'the world-at his back, and .which even the devil failed to accomplish, viz., to Crush out of existence the Catholic Church, the Westj Maitland Orangemen can do with perfect ease. Poor deluded creatures ! When will this Stupid, meaningless craze disappear, and tho light of reason once more return. Accompanying the pouring out of the vials of their wrath on the Catholic Church by the Orange- men, we have the usual laudation of the so-called Reformation. But did it never occur to these gentlemen to make a little inquiry as to the foun- dation of the so-called Reformation, to test as it .were the foundation on which the edifice reBts ? Did they never ask themselves the question by what authority Luther, Henry VIII., and the rest of them undertook to reform the Church, which Jesus Christ *' built on a rock," and against which He declared " the gates of hell should never pre> vail." Did they never ask themselves the question, who commissioned them ? Who sent them ? Ah, this is the rub. This is the hinge on 'which the whole controversy turns. Henry VIII., one of the greatest monsters that ever disgraced humanity, not to say Christianity, revolted against the ' authority of tha Pope because he would not grant him a divorce from his lawful wife, and because he wanted a pretext to plunder the churches and abbeys, and appoint himself Pope in his stead. Luther before him also revolted because he could not, or rather would not, curb his unruly passion, and wanted to establish an easy religion, in which to give them full gratification. The same applies to all the rest of the so-called Reformers. They were all licentious, immoral characters, and the wonder is that people could not see the absurdity, not to say blasphemy, of supposing that Almighty God would make use of men leading such abandoned lives to reform this church, oven if such a thing were possible or necessary, and ap- point them teachers and exemplars in morals to the people. It is altogether opposed to reason and to the wisdom of Divine Providence to suppose that he would make use of such instruments. I shall now briefly refer to some texts of Holy Scripture to prove that such a thing as a reforma- tion of the Church of. Cluist could never be possible or necessary. Our Blessed Lord promised in the clearest language to be with His Church all ages until the end of time, and promised, moreover, that the Holy Ghost should come to che Apostles and teach them all truth and abide with thom for ever. So that to say that the Church under such circumstances could fall into error is to say that Jesus Christ was unable or unwilling to keep His promises, or that the Holy Ghost failed to teach all truth, which ¡B downright blasphemy. The follow- ing texts I now adduce in support of my position : " As my Father hath sent me, I also send you" John xx. 21. " All things whatsoever I have heard of my father I have made known unto you"-John xv. 15. " Go ye therefore and teach all. . . . teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you"-Matt, xxviii. 19. "And behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world"-Matt, xxviii, 20. "The father will send you the Spirit of Truth to abide with you forever, and teach you all truth." I could quote more, and advance more arguments, but as I consider my position already impregnable, I will await my assailants, acting as a prudent and skilful general would do, holding my best arguments in reserve. In conclusion, as the so-called Reformers, or any of their followers for them, never proved that they were commissioned to do what they professed to do, it follows from what I have already advanced, that the words of St. Paul applies perfectly to them " How shall they preach unless they be sent" Rom. x 15, and that they are justly classed with those false prophets, of whom Almighty God com- plains, " I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran; I have not spoken to them, yet they pro phesied"-Jer. xxiii. 21. -I am, etc., SENTINEL. 