A TRUE tJBOST STGSRY, Mr. 1'L 31. ®wan, .-sn Irish journalist, "fctelis *fhe following story :—The Kettle .'"Club'was situated in Parliament street, Dublin. It 'was non- political and un \- sectarian; and although its habitues -were men of a literary turn, many of them being reporters, literary subjects pure mid simple were rarely discussed. The love of conviviality, tempered with ;a little mild scandal, was the silken 'bond that bound the members. The reporters attended it to compare notes, -•aad fish out items, and to drink the "-very good whisky for -which the Kettle nraS locally famed. The origin of the ' -"title •" The Kettle Club" was simple. The man who told the best story or -•sang the best song was presented with a very miniature brass kettle, and was ♦exempted from paying his whisky-score vwlnle>the kettle remained in his possession. ^When not in use it was hung suspended rin a conspicuous position in the bar ^parlor, challenging the members to •encounters of wit or inventive genius. IMamyof the stories told at the Kettle <Clrib were well worthy -of preservation, mud the reporters were often heard to •express regret that the Irish morning tpapers did wot, like the Parisian dailies, -sadmit stories into their columns, for the -Kettle "Club was a prolific nursery of tthese sprites of the imagination. Peter Uill and Cornelius O'Grady, •encli head -of the reporting staff of rival papers, were nightly frequenters of the -club. Gill was a " law-and-order man" 'sand swore by the glorious, pious, and vumimrtal memory of the good King William ; while O'Gradv was an out sand-mct .Radical, with sympathies lean ing towards Fenianism. They, however. .agreed tndiffer in their political opinions, iaind wash down party bitterness with %ittwbeer or the more potent whisky. t?Tlie Settle, as a token of victory, often Tpnssed iK'fcweon Gill and O'Grady, for jjotli were champion storytellers ; indeed, thoroughly did fiction permeate their trains, that it only too often oozed "through and colored their news-facts. They were rivals in another sense—the sense m which, to differently-constituted «Ren. the word means war to the death —they were rivals in love. They both courted, or pretended to court, Miss Clara Porter, whose name should have been Clara Vere de Vere, so aristocratic was she, and so lavish with those sweet smiles and low ripples that play havoc with the susceptible heart. But the itruth was the two cared very little for Miss Clara ; a professional and personal good-fellowship bound them together, though rivals. ;. "Any news, Gill ? " asked O'Grady one evening at the club. " Not a word," replied the other ; " the political and social atmosphere is without a single cloud." " Just listen to me a moment," said O'Grady. " Let us stroll aronnd town j aiid make news. What do you say to manufacturing an earthquake, or dynamite explosion, or some little amusement of that sort ? " •" Agreed," replied the other j " by the-way. a resuscitation of the Jsmea Church ghost is aa excellent idea.. It would read well—the witching hour of midnight — the gruesome churchyard scene—the white-robed spirit of the dead passing solemnly and silently amid the tombs —■why, it "would immortalize us =and make the fortunes .of the papers." " A superb Idea! a triumph of in ventive genius ! Let ns work it out at • once," said O'Grady, and the gentlemen •proceeded to make the idea bear fruit in adtion. I ought to state, "by-the-way, that what was known as fhe James' Church ghost had created great excitement in the city of Dublin some years previously, and the ghost mystery had never been satisfactorily-cleared un. The gentlemen tossed a coin to. determine who should personate the disembodied-spirit, and the task fell to O'Grady, who at once went home to procure that customary ghostly garment —a white sheet. To personate the spirit to the life (to use an Irishism), ©'Grady " got ontside " a fairish quan tity of malt spirits, and, accompanied by his confrere, whose rde was to direct the attention -of passers-by to the ghost, and prevent his ghoStship being sur prised by the police, they both proceeded to the scene of action, St. James' Churchyard, of which a hill view could be obtained from the street. ©'Grady scaled the graveyard wall and was soon gliding among the graves, arrayed in a long white sheet, the most ghostly looking of ghostly visitants. It was nearing the witching hour of midnight, and soon a large knot of awe-struck wayfarers had assembled in the street. The amateur ghost acted the character in the most natural (or, I might say, supernatural) manner; now bending low, now rising to his foil' height, swinging his spectral arms about, and ■uttering low, wailing tones of remorse, punctuated by an occasional hiccup, the result of his recent deep draughts of whisky. He had now been some ten minutes acting his part, and began to feel chilly, so be withdrew behind a headstone and took a deep drink from a flask he had stowed away under his winding-sheet. A great crowd had now assembled in the street, some doubting the genuineness of the whole thing, but the majority spellbound believers in the apparition, and who would certainly have fled in affright only for the courage that numbers impart. It was noticed that the ghost very frequently dodged out of sight behind a sheltering headstone, for O'Grady, to sustain his part, was obliged to have a frequent pull at the whisky flask. The ghost's movements now became veiy erratic—so erratic that his friend in the flesh thought it advisable to warn him that he was overdoing the part. He went round to the back of the churchyard and entered. What was his astonish ment to behold O'Grady mounted upon a tombstone, his white sheet falling in snowy folds around his body like a Roman toga, and addressing the audience as follows, his maudlin eloquence in ludicrous contrast with his spiritual appearance :— " Eriends, Bomsns, countrymen, lend me your ears; 1 eome to bury OffiBar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them; The good—" The rest of the funeral oration was (Sit short by a formidable-looking police man, who rudely seized the ghost and marched him off to the lock-up amid the jeers of the crowd. Gill, who was also found in the churchyard, was marched off as an accomplice by another custodian of the law. While in solitary confinement they had time to moralize on the uncertainty of all things mundane, and as O'Grady paced up and down his cell, tiger-like, he was heard to exclaim, " By St. Patrick ! ghosts should never drink too much whisky! " The two worthies were bailed out in the small hours of the morning, and in due course appeared before the Stipendiary Magistrate—Mr. Porter, Miss Clara's father—who fined the culprits and strongly animadverted on their conduct. The worst of it was, Miss Clara herself was in court, a laughing spectator of the whole scene. A full report of the " visitation" appeared in the papers, but it did not l>ring the authors that immortality they bad looked forward to. It, however, fixed upon them for life the title of " The amateur ghosts," aud the kettle remained permanently in their possession. 