NOTES AND COMMENTS. Mr. Slattery (baa proved Mr. E. Puls- ford, the secretary of the Frco trade As sociation, guilty of publishing a falsehood concerning him, and it remains to be seen what couree the latter will take under the circumstances. If be is the Pulbford of a few months ago he will make a great show of indignation, and aflirni that Mr. Slattery's angry outburst was founded on a roeie quibble, and thatit was intended to divert the attention of the public from the real question at ubup. No one is suipiised at tte teitics which caused tbe Minister for Justice to stamp tho brand of foltihocd cn tl.e secretaiy ot the Free- tinde Aisoiisljt/n, for tiny have been corEt'snliy pinttiM.d by tuuiy ot the lead- ng menilifiB and aiippoitei's of that b idy for the last two y>-ars. -'Oner and over apuin the LCWppHiitw Gi'nm? ot the party In ve derlt-i'd in tl ir; liiiiiin . w iuiiinr si-.t if '.he I'fOtceti-uists c.;Hie into po-vo; all the commodities used by the working classes would be taxed to the extent of 25 ' per cent, but the writers muBt have known when they penned this statement that they were writing a do- liberate lie; Only quite recently Sir Henry Parkes publicly stated that several of the . woollen mills in Gceloug wero closed, and that the proprietors had re fused to , open them unless the em ployees accepted a wage of ,4s a day. It is absolutely inconceivable .that Sir Henry Parkes could have believed thia statement. These are specimens of Foreign-trade lying, and legions of similar ones could easily be quoted. No cause that is propped up by falsehood can possibly flourish, and therefore the Foreign- trade policy must rapidly disappear from the land. The self- constituted leaders of the Foreign- trade party have not only arranged to oust the Government, they have also chosen the gentlemen who are to form the Foreign-trade Ministry. Amongst the latter are Messrs. M'Millan, Re id, Wise> Carruthers, and D. O'Connor. This may explain the extraordinary activity shown by these people in stumping he country in aid of Free-trade candidates. Even if the Foreign-traders obtained a large majority at the elections we do not think that the Parliament would care to entrust the destiny, of the country to the hands of those gentlemen. Mr. M'Millan may be an admirable linen draper, but as a politician he counts for very little. Like the apostle Paul, he haB an insignificant presence, but unlike that illustrious preacher his intellect is extremely super ficial. Moreover, he iB probably the most selfish man in the public life of the country. Mr. Beid held office several years. ago, but no one will say that his administration was successful. It will be time enough to give him a portfolio when he has made a name in his own profession. But we do not think he will ever do that. Mr. Carruthers is the "champion log roller," and nature intended him to be a Church of England curate. As for Daniel O'Connor, it is not likely any Premier will hazard the dangerous experiment of giving him a portfolio. Sir John Robert son took him into a Ministry that he formed three years, ago, and partly for that reason the Ministry was regarded with universal derision, and was promptly kicked out of office. For some reasons we should like to see a Ministry in office with Mr. M'Millan at the head and Mr. O'Connor at the tail, for it would repre sent Government in bur'esque ; but that sight it is not likely the people will behold. But what will M'Millan and O'Connor do if they are unsuccessful in obtaining office ? At Richmond yesterday, Mc. Carruthers is reported to have said that the excess of operatives in the Victorian factories com pared with those in New South Wales consisted of females. If he made that statement he declared what is not true. That, however, ie not the point to which we desire to direct attention. It is this : Mr.CARRUTBERsevidently intended to con vey that it is wrong to employ females in factories, and that Free-traders are opposed to the practice. Now, he must have known when he was trying to humbug the electors of Richmond in this manner that the firm of which Mr. William M'Millan ib a member is one of the largest employers of. female labor in New South Wales. The firm has a cloth ing factory in Sydney, and most of the work' done therein is performed by females. And, if our information be correct, the wagespaid to some of them is not sufficient to provide them with board and lodging and the moBt ordinary clothing. For our part we approve of the employment of women and children in clothing factories, provided fckey are properly remunerated, but we protest against the dis gusting hyprocisy of the Carru thers and the M'Millans, who quote the . employment of women in the Victorian factories as an argument againstthe Protective aystem, whilst they do not complain of aaimilar state of things under the Foreign-trade policy. But it is ever thus with the Foreign trade cham pions. They know that if they were to practice honorable methods of warfare they would not have the ghost of a chance of winning the light in whioh they are engaged. In his speech at tho nomination for West Macquario yesterday, Mr. B. R. Wise said that he never reads the Star. Needless to say a large number of his auditors, perhaps the whole number, did not believe him, and before he had finished his re marks he gave sufficient proof that their incredulity was well founded. Many poli ticians, besides Mr. Wise, have made a similar statement to his concerning other papers, but we do not remomber one who succeeded in convincing the public that what he.said was true ; on the contrary, . everyone furnished proof out of his own mouth that it was false, Mr. Wise's affirmation is one of the greatest compli ments that haB ever been paid to the Star, because it shows that he feels tbe power cf the paper. He has reason to hate it, for it is chiefly owing to its efforts that he was kicked out of South Sydney. We may inform him that, until he has undergone the prooeBB of regeneration, it will remain hie unrelenting enemy, and do its utmost to keep him in political oblivion. In this connection, it may be stated tbat Mr. Wise has more oauBe of complaint agairst the Foreign-trade papers than against the Star. He muat have noticed that for months pist.tney have practically ignored him. They have found him out, and they are evidently of the opinion that he is not a desirable pereon to represent the country in I'arlin- ment. Ik tbe most emphatic manner we protest against the appointment, made yesterday, of Dr. Hull to the position of medical superintendent to the Sydney Hospital. With Dr. Hull we have no acquaint ance whatever, and for all we know to tho contrary, he may be one of the most skilful men in the profession to which he belongs; but we have no hesitation in Baying that a gross wrong wa3 perpe trated in giving him the office which lo now occupies. It should have btcn bestowed on Dr. Fisher, wh.. 1 ss been connected with the hospital ' for several years, and who has- always performed his duties in a satisfae- ' tory manner. It is said that aristo- oratic influence wa3 used to procure the election of Dr. Hull, who, it may he stated, is quite a recent arrival in the country. This is very probable, for we cannot conceive how, in the absence of suoh influence, he could have been pre ferred to men who had far better claims than he could possibly possess, and who were candidates for tte posi tion. The thing is scandalous, and it points to the neceBBity of a radio il change being effected in the composition of the board of directors. The toady element Bhould be, weeded out, and if it is not nothing is more certain than that the public support to the institution will con siderably decrease. Some time ago a number of the gentler sex in Sydney formed themselves into .a committee for the purpose of raising a Woman's Fund to present to Sir Henry Parkes, The committee were of the opinion that Sir Henry's services in the cause of religion and. morality justified their taking this action, and they zealously canvassed amongst their friends for the purpose of obtaining a substantial purse. Some of tbe ledies who joined the committee soon retired, theic alleged reason for taking that step being that they had doubts whether the veteran statesman was such a distin guished apostle of morality as. he was declared to be, hut the other members stuck to their duty with the greatest fidelity. What became of the money that was collected we do not know, nor i3 it any business of ours to inquire. We refer to the subject now solely for the purpose of suggesting to the ladies who raised the testimonial that as their idol has taken unto himself a wife they should mark the event by collecting another fund, and purchasing therewith suitable wedding presents for the bride. This is the very least . that could be expected from them. We know, indeed, that the gentler sex have a de cided ob j ection to old men contracting mar riages, but they should remember that Sir Henry's case is of an exceptional kind, and therefore should not be regarded by his quondam female admirero with aver sion. There is also a point in his favor, namely, that in choosing his present wife he did not resort to the ranks of the aris tocracy, as he might have done, seeing that he is a Knight Grand Cross, &c.;, &c.;, but to these of the common people, thuB proving his loyality to the demo cratic principles which he has always pro fessed. A wedding present from the Women's Tribute Committee to Lady Parkes would, we are sure, be very much appreciated by that distinguished woman, and if they have the same opinion of the venerable atateuien's services in the cause of religion and morality that they held a year ago, they should certainly pay the bride that compliment. . 