THE NOVELIST. The Haunted Cave. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. (SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR THIS PAPER.) (See illustration on this page.) CHAPTER II. The position of Edith Mallow in the Heathcote household was certainly, as she herself felt, a peculiar, and not altogether a pleasant one ; though she was a thousand times happier than she could have been had she fallen into almost any other hands. To begin with, although treated with a great deal of kindness, and even confidence, by the mistress of the house, and, though she conducted herself in such a manner as to show that she deserved such treatment, she had entered the service of the family as an assigned servant. Mrs. Heathcote, when on a visit to Sydney in company with her husband, some months before the death of the latter, was I saw the shapes of two women come out of the dark." (See story entitled "The Haunted Cave.") anxious to obtain the services of a person to act as her own maid, and as a sort of humble com- panion. Failing to find any one to suit her among the free immigrants, she had, not without some misgivings, looked among the female convicts, and had been so greatly pleased with the quiet modest demeanor of Edith Mallow, and so impressed by what she heard about her, that she deter- mined to try whether anything could be made of the young woman. She had not regretted her choice ; for she declared that Edith was a treasure ; and she often wondered how she could ever have fallen into evil ways. She sometimes even doubted whether the whole matter of the girl's transportation had not been the result of a hideous mistake. She sometimes tried, by suggestions and indirect questions, to induce Edith to tell the story of her past life, but with- out success ; for Edith always seemed so much pained by any attempt to penetrate the past, that her mistress desisted. Edith Mallow returned to her mistress's room, moved stealthily to the beside, and saw that Mrs. Heathcote was still fast asleep. She then went quietly over to a sofa, on which she lay down, utterly worn out by the work and watching of the two previous days and nights. Tired as she was, however, she could not sleep. She felt as if some great crisis in her life was approach- ing ; and a dread as of a terrible misfortune came upon her. It has been said that she was remarkably handsome. Her hair, of a rich brown, had been allowed to grow long, and her deep blue eyes were full of tenderness as she thought of all the kindnesses which had been lavished upon her in that home. Her oval face, although indelibly marked by the evidences of past sor- rows, bore unmistakable testimony to a refine- ment and intelligence inconsistent with her pre- sent position in life. Her figure was tall and slender ; and the grace of her movements seemed to contrast oddly with the coarseness of her dress. More than once Edith rose, and, drawing aside the blind, looked out on the moonlit landscape. Suddenly she heard the loud barking of dogs ; and, stepping lightly out on the verandah, she ascertained that the noise came from the hut of the home shepherd a little way down the river. Edith went round to that side of the house, and saw a horseman riding rapidly toward it. Suspecting that this might be the doctor, she hurried to the back of the house, stopping on her way to rouse old Thomas ; and then she opened the gate to Dr. Roebuck, the solitary practitioner of a very extensive district. The doctor rode through, and, without dismounting, said sharply— "Oh, it's you, my girl, is it ? How's your mistress ? Are you going to take my horse ? Aren't there any men about ? How long has Mr. Charles been home ?" He fired off this volley of questions at such a tremendous speed that poor Edith had not a ghost of a chance of getting in a word in answer till the doctor was out of breath ; and, by that time Thomas had made his appearance. The doctor then opened fire on him with a long string of instructions as to the care of his horse ; and these were inforced by a series of awful threats if Thomas should disobey even the smallest of them: The old man, who was groom, gardener, and general factotum in the Heathcote's establish- ment, bore the assault with remarkable equani- mity. He knew the length of the doctor's foot," as he afterward said, and quite understood that his most awful threats never produced any serious results. The doctor, having relieved himself of his horse, turned to Edith, and was about to open fire again, when she said— "I thought I had better come to meet you, sir. I have left Mrs. Heathcote in a nice, comfortable sleep." "Asleep, is she, my dear ?" said the doctor ; "that's good news ; and so I had better not dis- turb her, I suppose, eh ? I think the best thing you can do is to get me something to eat, and show me where I can put myself to bed, for I'm as tired as a dog." Edith, accordingly, led him to a little snuggery, a kind of sanctum of Charlie's, at the back of the house, and then gave him, after lighting a lamp which stood on the table, some cold meat, bread, and cheese, and a bottle of excellent wine, the produce of the Heathcotes' own vineyard. She showed him also a comfortable bed in a little room adjoining the snuggery aforesaid. The doctor, when he had taken off his overcoat and hat, was seen to be a man rather below the middle height, and of wiry, active build, with iron-gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and strongly marked features, in which a world of natural mirthfulness and kindness might be seen trying to free itself from the restraint imposed by an assumption of gruff sternness which imposed on nobody. Everybody liked and trusted the little doctor, who was famous for "doing good by stealth." When he was seated he began to in- terrogate Edith about Mrs. Heathcote's illness; and when he had heard all she had to tell, he suddenly turned on her with the air of an injured man, and said— "I should like to know what you mean by being out of your bed at this time of night, young woman. You ought to have been fast asleep hours ago." "You know, doctor, I can't leave Mrs. Heath- cote. There is really no one else to attend to her wants ; and I ought not, even now, to be away from her." "You ought at least to take some rest ; or I shall soon have you on my hands," said the doctor, and then he added "Well, well, you're a good girl. But get to bed now." Edith went out ; and the doctor watched her with a look which, if she had happened to see it, would have surprised her not a little. "What a face !" he exclaimed, "so like, and yet so different. It reminds me—yes ; it reminds me that I'm an old fool to bother my head about a pretty face because it happens to be just like another pretty face I've seen years ago. I'll get to my bed." Accordingly, the doctor went to bed, but not to sleep. He tossed and turned from side to side ; and still he saw Edith's face. Only it was not her at all, but some one else's ; and it called up a whole legion of ghosts of the dead past to tor- ment him. In the morning, at the first sign of life and movement in the house, the doctor rose unrefreshed, and, huddling on his clothes, went to the door. He saw Charlie mounted on a stout, serviceable cob, just setting off for a ride to some out-station. "Hey, Charlie, you young rascal, what do you mean by waking a man up at this unearthly hour ?" shouted the doctor. "Good gracious, doctor, when did you get here?" cried Charlie, riding toward him ; "have you seen my mother, yet ?" "Not yet, my dear boy," was the answer. "That good girl, Edith, or whatever her name is, was on the lookout for me, and let me in, and made me comfortable—it must have been after midnight. She told me that your mother was asleep ; and I thought that I couldn't do better than follow such a good example." "I can't congratulate you on your success, doctor, if I may judge from your appearance," said Charlie. "Try to get another sleep before I come back to breakfast." The doctor seemed by no means hopeful ; and as soon as Charlie had ridden off, he began to prowl about the premises, for he was a privileged person, having been an old comrade of Major Heathcote, with whom he had always been on the most intimate terms. He found his way into the kitchen, and then pounced on Rachel, whom he discovered busily engaged in some culinary operation. That good lady, never patient of any encroachment on what she regarded as her peculiar domain, hearing the sound of the doctor's big boots, without looking round to see who the intruder was, called out in a tone specially acidu- lated for tho occasion— "Now, what do you want ? I don't want any wood chopped, or anything else." "Really, Mrs. Killick," said the doctor, "I don't remember ever saying you did ; and I'm sure I've no suspicion that you want anything in my line." Rachel spun round with the most surprising agility at the sound of the voice. "Oh, laws, sir," she cried ; "who'd a thought of seein' you? Whenever did you get here ?" "Some time last night or this morning," re- plied the doctor; "I'm not very clear about the time. But how is Mrs. Heathcote ? Can you find me a pair of slippers ? Does that poor girl Edith ever get any sleep ?" "Gracious, sir, can't you ask one question at once ?" exclaimed poor Rachel, who was getting decidedly confused. "I believe Edith does get a sleep now an' then ; though, to tell the truth, sir, she's been on her feet most day and night since the mistress has been bad. I think I might find you a pair of the poor major's slippers," adding, with some hesitation as she looked down at the doctor's big boots, "if you could wear 'em sir." "What on earth does the woman mean ?" ex- claimed the doctor, with a fine affectation of anger ; "do you take me for one of those young jackanapes of subalterns who always try to squeeze their feet into boots of about half the proper size ? How's your mistress ?" "I haven't heard anything about her this morning sir—," said Rachel. "Edith is with her ; and I do hope she's sleepin' sound. Would you like to see her, sir ?" "Not if she's asleep, Rachel," answered the doctor ; "I think I'll have those small slippers first, and some breakfast when Master Charlie comes home." After some search Mrs. Rachel Killick pro- duced a pair of very roomy and comfortable slip- pers, which she said had belonged to "her man," meaning by that her late lamented husband; and the doctor, for his part, took possession of a chair, and proceeded to divest himself of the big boots, which he replaced, much to his satisfac- tion, with the aforesaid slippers. He then took himself off to the stable to look at his horse, a duty which the doctor, being an old campaigner, never neglected. He found Thomas busily engaged rubbing down the black horse, Beelzebub; the doctor's own beast having already had all the attention which could reasonably be demanded for him by the most exacting master. The doctor had quite a long gossip with Thomas, who was justly proud of the fine black horse ; though the latter did not receive in a proper spirit the attention bestowed on him. Thomas was constrained to admit that Beelzebub was "un- common 'andy with 'is 'eels," and in fact, Beelze- bub that morning exhibited his temper in a most unfavorable light. From the stable the doctor went into the house, and wandered about from room to room, appar- ently unable to rest anywhere. At last he caught sight of Edith in the family dining-room, laying the table for breakfast. She told him that Mrs Heathcote was awake, apparently much better, and would be glad to see him, but not before breakfast. The doctor was pained to see the dark rings round Edith's eyes, and the evident appearance of physical exhaustion in every move- ment. "My girl" he said, "I shall have you on my hands next. If you don't get rest and sleep before the day is out, you'll have to take to your bed." "Not while I can move about, doctor," she replied. He was not sorry when the almost simultaneous entrance of Master Charlie from his morning ride, and Mrs. Rachel with the breakfast from the kitchen, sent Edith, as he hoped, to take some rest. There was not very much conversation between the two gentlemen during breakfast. Both were out of spirits ; and each feared that the other might penetrate some of his more secret thoughts. 