T)it alth lum1t.U : ,The man who threw achance' away picked p an acqaoinitance immiediately atter. The difference betwee~niigi-headeless and Armness ie tis-- iijs Sour, wid l who is pig. headed. " .p. . : 'Nhing will o.retar'the blossonin o budding love as a"dog i' the frogi~tyard," or a boil on the girl's lip. ''Mammna (at table)--'Kitty, otp that! Do you want me tospaok'you ?'" Ye l tant, mamma l.maittig on it." ..rown--'' elloa, Joon 'hohw's you' irife?" Jones (a little deaf)-" Very blustering iand disagreeable again this morn ino.1 "f The imost abaeit.miiiided of miezil. the professor who, wheii'ihe' ars hiiiself knock. ing the ashis out of his pipe,:will call out, "Come in." A female contributor, who.was called to account by an editor for writing'"oi both sides of )er paper, ritiirted, !'YVell,. and don't you print on both sides of yours.?" There. is a great' art in making a good cheese. Yes, a fidi: fresh cheee is and'admir able production of art, and a very ¢ood old coe is often? I) ke lpe:imtq of "rninitea nature," Jines-" I say, Smith, I understand that Brown is something of a literary man." Smith--" Literary man; yes. " Why,.Brown writes for the wastebaskets of some of the leading newspapers aid m'agazines in the country." "I have a great headon me thismorning," observed Mr. Anger to his wife as he bound a wet tlwel 4rlnnd his craiiiti . "Heaven knows you need it bad enough,'" sympathetsi cally replied that Ildy, as she rolld oder for another nap. - ' "There He Goes with His Tongue.Out." Mr. Curran was once askel what' an Irish gentlemsn, just arrived in Enigland, couild mean by perpetually putting out his tongue. "I suppose," irep?? the wit, " he's trying to catlh t Et.glilaccen," '" . A petrified sandwich was dug up. neqr Swindon the other day. They put it with tlhe collp:tipn at thp. riircad stationi and the purchaser said it was the tenderest sund, wich he had ever bought at that plaoe, ' " Papa," said a boy just rzturned from a sleight.of.hand entertainment, "I wish I was a conjurer," "Why, my son " asked the parent, blandly. " I would turn you into a rat, call op the cat, and wouldn't I have a lack !" cried the little urchin. No generous .man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medium is lied it the cabinet, (clainm-" Theres qi'at by thughost 1 It spoils the eect to ?a the gho~t cry opf, id ga'ler p ipfitski . *-nd. .pn 