Items of News. The great question of the 'outs and mi'1 wm debated ou Tuesday. - .— -~~.. Go(u)ld— eu words of wisdom . electrified! the House on Tuesi*y. The result of the Satnoan conference ia scarcely satuf ictiry to the American Presi dent. Ituasia ha* boon warning the State at Persia— the cat playing with the mooMt. r . The absolute loss of life by the Ametwan flioii is not yet known. Sever* loods at Narraeoorte, and th» railway line washed away. ~ 'I ' f ' The Member lor Salt Sash has recom menced his Parliamentary critique in the Advertiser. - '? . .? The School of Mines and Industries baa beeu opened in great stylr. Councillor Gullan was absent from th* Cjuncil meeting on Monday night tbrougbi ill-heilth. The Willaston Bridge deputation « me* with a good reception from the Council. : Councillor Roediger delayed the meeting a good deal on Monday night. . What ii going to be done with the North Park Lands Bridge ? . . Tin m^-ioy for Vie trid^* w« collecUlia Giwler. Tlu f*ir«st way to rai^a m-ney for build ing the bridges is to put on a tpecial rate. The git' was rising in the early part of tha week and yet more rain. The Parliamentary parties have fough- their duel and ? '-^— - ?- The Gawler Corporation hell their utual meeting on Monday night. The crickeUrs bold their annual dinner in the Iustitute to-night. . ' . ftiittn a anrfnit. nf amusement on WedntS» day evening last. : ... ..: : '?'''& f Over four ounces of gold found , in j*ojmi piece in the Humbug Scrub. Although there has been plenty of raia the weather has not been very cold. The crossing over the North Para hai been troublesome during the week. . ? . The rain has not ' gone it (ell pr«tty heavily ou Tuesday night and Wednesday. : The Willaston deputation had a good reception, and got all they wanted. ; : i Wanted lights on obstructions or damag* will be done , David-street again to the front. Now is your time T— H— . , The wet weather cask™ it rather slippery for the footballer*. The cricketers are going to enjoy .them* selves to-night as. well as do business.* f There is gold left in the Barowa. aad Humbug Scrub yet. . . , - The unemployed Moouta miner*. -have been unsuccessfully intervi»wiug Captain Hancock, who says lie cannot find work (or them. The Directors .. of the American railway who built the dam that caused' tne damage t - Johnstown have been found guilty of c. iruiual negligence. - - i Elizabeth Johnston while walking on the pier at Brighton, Victoria, quarrelled ' with h;r lover aud jumped into the sea, bat was rescued. No less then aiz candidates to' represent the district of Stanlev. . There was a rowdy scene at an Anti-Home Rule meeting in i?vdu»y. , . ., Extensive work* are in progress for irrigating 57,OoH) acres of land in the Albany poition of Uie tlivcrina district. - -??: . S- there was mamsnlmeht on the address in reply after all. Cheers an I counter— jlueH in the House on the remit. ? . ' Our P.D. doe* not think that there will I%A . nUnun nf \ftMlaft- rf7 till tlin »n*t' Af^tilA UC * VIIBUgu VI AUMimtii J «... «..*# m«» 3» ^ w..w session. . . Mr. Gould M.P. has come out with,a really good- vpeech. . _,'* Grett trouble tin *n£ the rep-rtar« in the new House of Parliament in consequence of thejbad acoustic nropertiei of the r-win.^ Miniiters can uow unile in earnest if they did uot d# no before. ,, , , isiiU Another petition asking that jtbe^Police P-uLtack at Ktp'uuila may be thrown open for selection. . . . , ,., , There i* much friction between Uasria find Austria over the Utter'a intrigued in Servia. 'A memorial is to be raised to the late Father Dtmien who died amid the leper* to whom he bail goue ai a inuiionaiy. The Amcioiii Gj/erument his set apart £200.000 to restart! tho sauiury ooaditiou of Jobnstown. WoLFis'd Schnapps enjoys an.oobj^indad popularity unsurpassed by any other article iu the Colonies. A memorial taUUt is to be erected in St. Ptul's, Loudou, to the late Jiight Hou. W, B. Daley, between the Duke of Wellington and Lord Nelson. ; Sullivan, in connection with the murder of Cronin refutes to divulge how 100,000 dollars were disposed of as it might inculpate Mr. Purnell. Mr. Dillon is challenged by the Age to explain what has ' become of tb*J funds that have beon previously subscribed in Auitralia on behalf of Home Eule. Living is very cheap in Japan, Who was the gentleman in hysterics on W«du'«day night. ' - Who is the owner of that little dawg — it looked like a crater.) Was it a ghost nr was it the misting man that was seen at Wasl'ys last week ? In consequence of the weather Wirth'* circus did not perform on Wednesday night. Heavy rain all Wednesday, and a stormy night. High floods again around Gawler, and Goose Island under water. ' Those footballers were pluckly U, oqrae,Jn through all tJ. at rain. , K '' \\(\j Russia wants a large ?lice of porsia. 'Will ?he get it ? The Mallala bridge was nearly impasuble ou Thursday moruing ; footpaueDgers had to cross on hands and knees. ' ' Though the College footballers came in the ground was too wet to play. ': ' The North Para was flooded within aiz feet of the top of the bank. ? Fears were entertained that the inhabi tant of Goose Island wonld have again to retreat. The Torreni came down a banker, and was three feet over the falls. A few moments over an boor served the Parliament to do their business on Thursday. When your food torture* instead , «f beneGttiog you then is the time to take WOLFJt'S tSCHHAPFS. i f\ . With brazen effrontery characterless dealers and importers represent imitations of Wni.rit's SnuvAFPS to ha canahla of eradicaling the' same diseases and W possess as fine a flavour aa that prime medicinal beverage. The publio soon find them out and repudiate their concoctions, - which 'an not only hurtful, but in many instances very repugnant to the taste. 