fflovrffst* The Midnight Prophecy OB, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. liy Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTEB XII. ROMULUS. The countess and Judith drew near tins little farm.-lio.nse. It was a pretty, snug place, a box of a cottage all over, liung with running creepers, with quaint lat ticed windows, and sloping er.ves, boneatli which the wrens and martins twittered. A square, green yard, shaded by a giant oat, beneath which an old man, wearing the simple garb of a Tyrol peasant, sat, tinkering at a broken slieop-bell, which he was vainly trying to mend. As she approached the wicket-gate, the countess grew deadly white, and leaned heavily on Judith’s arm for support. “Oh. Judith,”2she murmured, “how familiar everything seems ! I feel as if I had lived here !" “ Yes, my lady,” replied the girl, her own cheeks very pale, and her voice un steady ; “ there’s not one thing different; I even remember the peculiar make of • he windows, and that smooth, worn stone at flic door. Oh, it. is very strange !’’ They opened the wicket and crossed the green yard. The old peasant dropped his hc-11, and rose to his feet at their ap proach. “My lady is faint this morning,” spake Judith. “ Would you bo good enough to ■et her have a drink of fresh milk ?” “ Ay, ay, to be sure,'’ replied the old man, nothing incessantly. Come in, come in ; my old woman’s laying the dinner now—come right in.” •They followed him across the smooth stone step, and through the vine-shaded doorway ; and there, in the centre of the white, sanded floor, stood a square table, set out with shining pewter platters. Lady Strathspey gasped her breath, and clung lightly to Juilith’s arm. The wife, who sat in the chimney corner, with her spectacles on her nose, rose up with a startled exclamation. “ Why, bless me she cried, seizing upon the countess, and assisting her to a seat on the wooden settle. “ Poor thing! wliat ails her ?” “ She’s ill and faint," explained Juitli, “and came to beg a drink of new milk.” “ And sho shall have it,- continued the ..Id woman; “ but sit ye down yourself,” die added, glancing at Judith’s white cheeks. : “ Yc arc like a pair of ghosts, both of yo. Come, sit down, and I’ll . ‘:ave the dinner on the table in a wink. Pis the very thing, too, as’]] suit ye. bo ng ailing—chicken broth and dumplings, • nd a drop of beer to wash it down ; my .,!<! man alwaj'3 wants it when lie’s ailing. Come, sit ye down !” J udith obeyed, sitting down beside her mistress, and the woman flew about, get tinglier savory meal upon the table, while her husband sat on 'tmr stone door-sill, •lapping at the UicB that buzzed in the noon sunlight. Presently a gleeful shout aud a ripling hurst of childish laughter broke upon the silence, and from a little back bed-cham ber a little fellow, some three summers old, came dancing into the room. Seeing the strangers, he came to a sud den halt, and stood like a statuo, his scarlet smock-frock disclosing liis round, bare legs and dimpled feet, and a queer little cap, ornamented witli a long feather surmounting his head, with lib profuso flaxen ringlets. There he stood, liis great blue eyes wide with childish wonder. “Why, llomulus, cried the old woman, “ can’t ye say how d’ye do to the ladies ! Have ye forgot your mamfers ?” Romulus doffed his plumed cap, and dipped?liis curly flaxen head. “How d’ye do, ladies?” ho said, obediently. . At the sound of the sweet, lisping voice, the countess, who had sat since the child’s •ppearance like one turned to stone, uttered a pathetic cry, aud springing for ward, caught the boy to her bosom. “ Oh, my baby ! my lost darling ! my own precic'us child she cried, between her bursting sobs and passionate kisses; “I knew 1 should fiud you, you precious lost lamb!’’ The ol.l peasant ami bis wife stood thunderstruck : lmt. the little fellow, no thing daunted, wound his chubby arms •bout the lady’s neck, and put his ruddy ahaak against hara. “D.m’tkv !’’ he lisped, entreatingly; “ ltommie 'likes lady !—Romraic likes “ Do ye sec, old man ?” quoth the wife to her husband, her voice full of pain. “ What did 1 tell ye-the night ye found him ? Didn’t I say, just as we got our hearts set on him some fine folks would come In and snatch him away? Yes, I did ; and I wish "ye’d left him to the milch goat, that I do.’’ Whereupon, leaving her dinner only half-dished, she sat down, and carrying her apron to her eyes, began to cry her self. *' . , ■ The boy’s quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambering down from Lady Strath spey’s knee, he ran to her side. ’‘Don’t oo ky, grand-mudder, he pleaded, tagging at her apron ; “ Rommie likes grand-mudder, too." _ The old man caught him up'in his “ He’s mine ! the boy’s mine!” he said, almost savagely ; “ and I’ll give him up to one. Ill’s father and mother abandoned him to the mercy of my milch goat, and he’s mine. The countess and Judith both uttered a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strange dream. The old man regarded them with angry suspicion. “ JMy good women,” ho said, * what docs all this mean ? Can t ye explain yourselves, and tell mo what’s the mat ter ?” ]’>y a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wiped the streaming tears from her cheeks. “My good sir,” she replied, “ the ex planation I have to give to you is a strange one, which possibly you may not believe —indeed, I cannot believe it at times | myself ; but my maid here can bear me ; out in what I have to say.” Whereupon she related all the myster i ious circumstances of the disappearance of her babe on the night of his birth ; and also the strange dream which Judith had first dreamed and then herself. And the old man and his wife listened in speechless amazement, while the sum mer sunshine crept slowly over the sanded floor, and the savoury dinner grew cold upon the table. When she had finished they sat looking into each other’s faces in utter consternation. “ It must be that God sent us the dream,’’continued the countess, *’for it haunted me day and night ever since. I could not rest one moment. And this morning the instant my eyes beheld this place I knew it, and I know as surely, al though another usurps his place, that tho boy is my own, the babe who was stolen from my arms in the very hour of lii3 birth, the rightful heir to the Earldom of Strethapcy Towers. “ And now, my good people,” she con tinued, “ 1 have told you my strange storv, and I implore you to let me hear yours. Tell me how and when you came by this child ; and I pray there, may be some proof by which I can restore him to hi3 rightful place." The old couple sat in utter silence for a few moments, overwhelmed by what they hid heard. The idea that it was a young earl they had fostered filled them with absolute affright. The old man spoke “Old woman." he said, drawing a long breath, and resuming his seat on the door sill, “ you are glibber of tbe tongue than I am—you tell the story. The old woman put Romulus from her knee, and wiped her eyes with her “Talk of being glib of tongue now,” she began, “ after hearing such a story as her—why,'the very memory’s beat out of me. I do declare it reminds me of the old stories in the Bible ’bout the days of tho Apostles. But I'll do the best I can, your highness,” she continued, bowing profoundly to the countess ; “and if my memory be bad I'll stick to the truth : “It was on the tenth of January ; I re member that well, ’cause our red liefer had a calf on New Year’s Day—and on that very morning the old man says, ‘Old woman, the red heifer’s calf be ten day’s old to-day, and you can begin to steal a mite of the drippings—you ’tend to her and I’ll go and look after the goats.’ So I went kown to the cattle-shed, and milked the drippings, and fed the licifcr, and came home and laid out dinner. By that time hero comes the old man all of a flutter. ‘ Molly,’he said, * the head milch goat is missing;’ and nothing would do but I must go and help him hunt her. “ Well, away wo went, and a pretty tramp we had! Through the valleys, and up the mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoes. At last, way on tc - ward sundown, we spies her, perched on the top of that bald cliff at the left yonder.” “ Oh, my lady!” ejaculated Judith. “ Go on, my good woman,” urged the countess. “ Web, there she be perched right atop of the cliff. ‘ Why, old woman,’ says tho old man, ‘she’s got kids! Who’d a thought it ? Yuu must go up and bring them down, in your apron, while I fetch her down.’ “ So up we tussled, my very bones ach ing with pain, and Lord bless you, my dear lady, what d’ye ’spose we saw when wo reached her ? Not a kid, but a little, live baby, and it a sucking the'goat, and it3 dear little mouth all wet with the Lady Strathspey covered her face, con vulsive sobs shaking her Lfrom head to “I didn’t feel my aches a bit after that,” the old woman went on; “I takes up the child, and the old man shoulders the milch-goat, and down we come.” “ The clothes 1” gasped the countess. Have you the clothes the child had on when you found him ?” “ Yes, I kept them. 1 They may be of use tc the child one of thcBe days,’ says the old man. But that day, as I "was tell in’ ye, we brought the child home, and do you know- my old man he takes the milch goat right into my hack room, and there he keeps her, only turning her out to graze once in a while, and tte baby he sucked that goat for six round months, and I never see a child thrive as he did. “My old man used to be book-lamed when he was young,” she went on, glanc ing admiringly at the old shepherd on the sunny door-step, “ and he says he’s read of a boy as a wolf suckled, and ho was called Romulus—so nothing would do but the baby bo named after him. So Romulus is Iiis name;” She paused an'instant, her lips quiver ing. "We’ve no children of onr own,” she went, on, at last, her voice shaking. “We had a hoy once, as promising a lad ascvci lived, but he went to sea, and was lost fifteen yean ego. And we can’t tell, my lady, how \vc took to this child! ‘Heaven has sent him,’ the old man said, ‘ to cheer us in our old ago.’ We ve done the best we could for him, and it’s like tearing out our hearts to give him up, but, hearing vour story, I’m convinced that he’s your child, and Heaven sent ye to find him.” The old man drew the wondering boy to his arms, and resting his old forehead on his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. « My dear, good_fricnds,” she said, “don t grieve now, I’m not going to take the child from yon. I shall want you to. keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until ! can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place. You have never heard aught in regard to him, or found out how he came to the mountain, I suppose I" '“ Never a word, my lady,” replied the old man, brightening np at the prospect of keep ing the child. “My lady,” whispered Judith, at this junc ture, “ here comes Lord Strathspey.” The countess arose in consternation. “ It is my husband,” she exclaimed, “ but I do not wish him to know about the child yet. 1’leasc take him away.” The old woman caught up the boy, and rushed into the adjoining room, closing the door after her. “Take this,” cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man’s hand; “ I will come again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless you.” She reached the wicket just in time to meet the carl. He looked at her flushed eheeks and swollen eyes in amazement. “ Marguerite,” he said, as he drew her arm through his; “ I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven’s sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you know of these people 2 What ails you 2” “ Trust rac, dearest Angus,” she sobbed, clinging to his arm; “you shall know all soon —only trust me.” And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion, growing stronger and stronger in bis mind that Doctor Renfrew was right, and his wife was indeed in danger of in Lord Strathspey rode back to his lodgings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All the spirit and zest of the morning had left him, and the fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur into her horse’s flank, and set her white teeth together in rage at her own ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. But she was likewise Tery reso lute, and she concluded to let the moody earl ride on in silence and bide her time. For as snre as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon the green valleys of the Tyrol, should that self-same moody earl —this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her—be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten ? Had the memory of those old days at Cavendish Manor faded from her?—those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows, and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her 2 Do women like her ever forget a wrong.or a disappointment ? My lsidy set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her: blue-black eyes glittered with a baleful, phosphorescent light, as she galloped along I by the earl’s side. 