DURRAMBOI OR DAVIS, By the death of Janies Davis, better known years ago as Dorrnmboi, or as Mr. Htoart BusBeli'spells it-Derbamboi, there ended, says the Telegraph, a career without parallel in tbe history oí the colonisation of Queens- land. Mo equally graphic record of a wild white man exists, and the following incidents, collected from the " Genesis of Queensland," "The Picturesque Atlas of Australia," and other works on the colony, relating mainly as they do to that period of his life, when he was as one with the aboriginals, will be perused with interest :-Davis was the son of a Scotch blacksmith, who followed his calling at the Broomielaw, in the city of Glasgow, and waa apprenticed to his father when fourteen yeare ol age in 1822. Being of a roving disposition, be soon deserted his forge, and crossing thc border, he made bis way to the south of England. There, apparently, he fell into evil habits, for in 1824, with three other youths, be was convicted of stealing half-a-crown from a church in Surrey, and, along with his companions, transported to Botany Bay by the ship Miostre). In his new life also he does not appear to have re formed, for in 1828 he was again transported to the penal settlement at Moreton Bay, where colonial sentenced felons only ware sent. He was there employed at the forge along with a mate, and so liberal was Captain Logan, the commandant at that time, with the whip, that preferring all hazards to tho terrors of such merciless rule, the two con- vict« took to the bush. Proceeding northward, these ahsooudere aoou fell ia with a numerous tribe of aborigines, hy whom they were kindly received. Davis, by no means good looking as a white man, was recognised s reircarnation of Derhamboi, a lamented member of their tribe, who had died some time before, and according to their super- stition returned to life again. He was im- mediately adopted by Vacoby Pamby, Der bambol'a father, and his wife, who waa stilt alive, regularly supplied «¡th provisions, and waa safe from that moment. His less fortunate oompiulon, however, perished ere long, killed in expiation of an accidental sacrilege in empiyiug the mortal remains of a deceased blackfellow from a native basket which he found in a tree, and which he appropriated to carry oysters io. ¡Shortly afterwards Davis himself very nearly fell a victim to the ferocity of his black aseooiates. By some accidental mean« he killed the pet dog of his adopted mother, j who was so enraged at this loss that abe ¡ instigated her husband to murder bim. The old man at first was not indisposed to do so, SB be accused Davis ol being roawgooy or ghost, instead of Derbamboi, and as surely threatened to have him killed in accordance with their tribal customs. But Davis turned to and gave the old savage such a merciless drubbing with his fists that he not only sub. dued his murderous intentions, but induced him to forgive the death of his pet dog. The Gingionarrah tribe, in which Davis was naturalised, had their usual plaoo of habita- tion at a considerable distance in the interior, end leaving them after some time, he passed several years in sojourning amongst various tribes until he had reached as far as BOO miles to the northward of Moreton Bay. With all these savages be waa treated SB a blackfellow returned from ihe dead, and although he had learnt to become as one of themselves in their habits of everyday life, it wa« a matter of no small incoovenienoe to him to fiud that fresh recognition awaited him with different tribes. He was Derhamboi in Wide Bay, but he bad to accept the personality of someone else when he found another tribe, and '? occaaionally WK inability to recognise friends who bad been intimate with him before his death gave rise to awkward misgivings among those individuals. But it sometimes hap- pened that no identification took place. On I such oooaaioos Davis bad an answer pat. It wae, he explained, so very loog sinoe he died ! that he had forgotten what his name had been prior to that event. After he had been fourteen years amongst the blacks, and had long given up all thoughts of ever return- ing to the society of civilised men, fae was found by Mr. Andrew Petrie amongst the Ginginbarrah tribe again in 1842, and brought ! back to Brisbane. On the 13th May of that year, Petrie'« party, who had been exploring for tbe first time In the Mary Uiver, camped ashore, with the view of ascending the neigh- , bouring hills on the following day. They I then heard of a large gathering of hostile natives bring iii the neighbourhood, with Davis amongst them. After eome manoeuvring, another absconder. Wandi or Braoefell, who bad aleo spent seven yean amongst the aborigines, with one of the Moreton Bay blacks managed unperceived to get ia the midst of the encampment, and two convicts in Petrie'« crew armed with guns then went forward with the view of securing Davis. So perilous was the adventure considered that < the convict« were prepared tor it on the understanding that if successful, their con- dition should be improved. When the wild white man and the tame black stole in lipon the savages and bad' fairly got among them, ' and the former being recognised, haH been received without clubbing or spearing, their two white attendants were detected at a dis- tance, and an instant move made to spear them. Bot Wandi had by this time communi- cated with Derhamboi, end tbs two white savages prevailed en their blaok brothers to spare the trembling ooo riots. Dsvis, however, under assurances of manumission, set off ma- ning towards the convict*, and surrendered ' himself to them, followed by Braoefell. A singular scene was than enacted by the brace of absconders, who seemed alternately swayed by their original training and their savage habits. Dsvis furiously accused Bracefell of having led the oonvicta to capture him with a view to procure a mitigation of his own sen- tence. He would credit none of Wendi's protestations, till the latter, moved to rage, became all blackfellow again, and passionately sang a wsr song at Deramboi. Thereupon Dsvis dathed off to the main body of white«, " I «hall never," wrote Mr. Petrie in his diary, "forget bis appearance when he arrived in our camp-a whits man le a state of nudity, and aotsally a wild man of the woods ; bis eyes wild and unable to rest a moment on any one objeot. He had quite the same manser and gestures that the wildest blacks have got. He could not speak his ' mither's tongue,' as be called it. Hs could not pronounce English for some time, and when he did attempt it, all he could ssy wss a few word«, «nd tho"e were often misapplied, breaking off abruptly in the middle of a sentence with the blsok gibberish, which he spoke very fluently. During the whole of our conversation his eyes and manner were completely wild, tooking at ns as if hs had never seen a whiteman before. In fact, he told us he had forgotten all abont the society of whit* men. and had forgotten all about his frieods and relations for yesrs past, and had I or some one else not brought him from among those savages he would never have left them." Upon returning to Brisbane and receiving a pardoo from the (Government, Davis first en- tered the service of Land Commissioner Simpson at Woogaroo, and shortly after- wards joined Mr. Eales'e manager, Mr, Joliffe, to take np land in the Wide Bay district. He was next engaged with a survey party opening th« road to Gympie, a task which took a considerable time to ac- complish. Then he had charge of a search party, to ascertain the truth of a report that a man named Thompson, with his wife and three other men, had fallen into the hands of the bucks up north, the men murdered, and the woman detained amongst the natives. Satisfying himself that the story waa a false one, he returned to Brisbane and opened a farrier's shop at Kangaroo Point, marrying whilst there his first wife, who lived with him until her death about seven years ago. After being in business several years he sold ont, and, crossing the river, opened a second farrier's »hop tn George street, wbloh ht kept outil 1664. Ha thea gare ap the ami thy, and for orar twenty year«, until .hil Jual retirement from boa in eil, dealt in crockery ware on the premise! adjoining the Ipswich' boarding bcnas, Whilst residing in Bris- bane, he was also engagsd as aboriginal in- terpreter in the Sepreme Court, travelling about the colony whenever a native unable to speak English waa placed on his trial, Bis second wife was a person named Bridget Hayes. When first taken from tbe blacks, he bad no hesitancy in relating his experiences amongst them, but of latter years he became habitually reticent, end on rare oooasions, when willing to refer to his first adventures, at the first question he would abruptly stop in a snappish manner, and break off the con- i venation at once. 