2 THE BONDMAN, A NEW SAGA. BY HALL CAINB. fhor of "The Deemster," "A Son of Hagar," " The Shadow of a Crime," &c.;, &c.; Ail rights reserved. SYNOPSIS OF PBETIOUS CHA.PXEES. Chapters 1 and 11.—HL Jorgen Jorgenwra is the Botemor-General of Iceland, where the plot of the atory is laid. His daughter, ttacbael, he is anxious should man? Count Trollop, the Danish Minister for Iceland, hut she is averse to the proposed match. Attending a wrestling tournament, one of tbe contestants, Patrickseu, carries all before him and Bachael presents him wish the champion's badge. Swaggering away with bit prize he encounters a stranger, Stephen Orry, who, being challenged, easily throws Patrickseu, greatly to the BUiprise of the onlookers. That same night Patricksen is found murdered. The ironths passed on and the love of Bachael and Stephen beinj; discovered her father curses them and they flee from hU presence. They ultimately marry, but Stephen turns out idle and dissolute. Hit mother is invited to come and life with them in the hope that she will hate tome influence over her son, but lie !n no way improves. Anxious to ourchase a boat abe sella her long and beautiful hair to a dealer, and presents the proceeds to her husband. He leaves her, but only to gamble and lose it all. A quarrel ensues between Rachel end her mother-in* law and Stephen in his anger strikes his wife across the face. Enraged she asks " Have you forgotten the death of Patrii ksen ? ' Her words act like a blow, and he reels out of the house into the night. CHAPTERS III anil IV.—After Stephen's bate desertion of his wife, Bachel gives oirtb to a son, and calls his name Jason. Time roils on, twenty years pass and the child becomes a man. He learns the et^ry of his mother's ill-tieatment and vows on her dead body, for she dies before the return of her hnsband, to wreak vengeance on his father for his inhuman, conduct. The scene or the story is then -changed to the Me of Man, and the Governor of Man, Adun Fairbrother, receives a hunted wait, who bears upon bis body the marks of servitude and suffering, A hue and err is raised against the fugitive who has deserted his ship, and he leaves the shelter of the Governor's house. He is taken in, however, by a woman named LiraKilley, the slattern of the Island. The man was Stephen Urry. CHAPTER V.—Stephen Orry, who had fled from Iceland ted' landed at the Isle of Man, forms an acquaintance with J.iza Killey, the ilrao ot the island, and after a brief courtship marries her. Their married life is a miserable one and he resolves to leave the island but is unable to doBO without a lictnce which is refused h'ltn when the High Bailiff discovers that he intends to leave bis wife and child to be a burden on the parish. In his distraction he resolves to murder his little one, a bright boy whom be has named Suniocks from his goiaen hair. At the last, however, be relents owinz to the child's prattle, and going home he is horrided at finointf his wife dead on the floor, with the words written ;n Icelandic on the wall above her So is Patricks e avenged." CHAPTER VI:—After the deith of I.iza, Stephen Orry rites up and takes 'little Sunlocfcs on his shoulders to the house ot the Governor, Ad&m; Fair bcothtr. He there offers the child to the Governor, and Fairbrother, contrary to the remonstrances of bis wife,'-Consents to take snnlocka into bis home. He will be a companion to bis little daughter, Greeba, he says. The children grow up together, but after a few years Greeba is taken bvthe Duchess of Atbol, the wife of the owner of Man, to London, as a young companion. After this severance Fair, brother becomes more and more attached to Sairlock a, Uuch to the chagrin of his'soni, who conspire against him and are assisted by their mother. She with her sons leave the Governor and go to live at Lague, which belongs to him, while he rem&ins; at Government House. Ha then sends for little •Greeba, and the father watches the meeting between ber ana banlocks, now grown into a fine youth. He is just praying that God may grant that the meeting should be the end of all partings between them and buoself, wbea Stephen Ony «ppeara sod asks that Sunlocks should go with hhn into his own country. It me laater Day. nineteen years after Stephen Orry had fled from Iceland. CHAPTER . VH. AND VUL—Stephen Orry is anxious that bis son shall he educated "in a Latin school in Iceland, and after a good deal of hesitation on the part of the lad, and after Fairbrother (had told bim what his father bad borne for biseake, Snnlocfes consents. Hi* lather informs him that he wishes him to vidt Iceland in order to do what can be done far the wife he has abandoned, if she is alive and to be as a'brother to Us son it he can find bim. ^unlocks'after an affectionate leave-taking from Greeba leaves lor Iceland. His father gives bim a ram of money—£200—he has managed to save from eomewbat questionable practices. He prombee, however, in reply to his son's entreaties, •ot to obtain any mare by the same means. "There'll be so occasion now," said Stephen. ."But will yon promise me r " AT." " Then give me the money." Stephen banded the hag to Michael. " IVk fomtebnyears of your life, is it notT "Soto say." " And now its mine, isnt it, to do as I like with itr "No, sir, bat so do as you ought with if " Then I ought to give it badeM> you. Come, take it. <But waltl Remember your promise, father. ©ont forget—I've bought every hour of your We that's left." CHAPTER IX. SUE OOMISG OF. JASON. Father and son parted at the ship's aide in silence, with' throats too fall to speech. Many small boats, pulled by men and boys, were lying about the ladder, and there was a good deal of shouting and swearing and noisy laughter there. Some of the boatmen recognised Michael Snnlooks and bellowed their farewells to him. "Dy banne Zee oo ?" " God bless yon! God bless you!" they said, and then among themselves they seemed to diseosB the reason of his going. w Well, whafe it Baying!" said one; "the crab that lies always in its hole is never fat." The air,had freshened, the swell of the sea bad risen, and a sharp breeze was coming op from the east Stephen Orry stepped his mast^hoisted mainBail and mizzen, and stood oat to sea. > He had scarcely got clear away when he heard the packet weigh its Anchor and beat down behind him. They were making towards the Point of Ayre, and when they came by the light Stephen Orry slackened off, and watched the ship go by him in the darkness. He-felt aaiftbat were the last he was ever to eee of his son in this world. And he loved him with all the strength of hie gnat, broken, bleeding heart. At that thought the outcast man laid his head in his hands, where he sat jcroriebing at the tiller, and sobbedL There were none to hear him there, he was alone, and the low moan of the sea came up through/the night from where hie eon was Bailing away. . , How long he «at there he did not know; he was thinking of his past, of his bad life in Iceland, and his long expiation in the Isle of Man. in the multitude of his 'sensations it seemed impossible to his dazed mind to know which of these two had been the worst, or themostfoolish. Together they had lefl wreck. In the one he bad thrown away the wife "who loved him, in the other he had given np the son whom he loved. What was left to him? Nothing. He was a waif, despised and downtrodden. He thought of what might have happened to him if the chances of life had been different, and in that first hoar of his last bereavement all the softening influences of nineteen years, the tuplooking and upworkimg, and the straggle towards atonement, were as much gone from bim as if they had never been. Then he thought of the money, and told himself that It was not now that he lost his son for the first time; he had lost him fourteen years ago, when be parted with him to the Governor. Since then their relations had been reversed. His little Sunlocks was his little S unlocks no longer. He felt humiliated, he felt hardened, and by a strange impulse whereof he understood but little, he cursed in his heart hta sufferings mora than his sins. They had been useless,they had been wasted, and lie had been a fool not to live for himself. Bnt in that moment! when the devil seemed to make havoc of good andevil together, God himself was not doing nothing. Stephen Orry was drifting with the tide when all at onoe he became conscious of the lapping of the water on the atones near at hand, and of a bright light shed over the sea. Then he saw that be had drifted close to low groand off the Point of Ayre. He bore hard a port and beat out to sea again. Very soon the white waterway was behind him; nothing was visible save the dark hull of the veeselgoingoff towards the north, and nothing audible save the cry of a - few gulls that were fishing by the light of the lamp. It had been the work of three minutes onljr, but in that time one vivid impression had fixed itself on Stephen's preoccupied mind, The end of the old papdatone pier had been battered down by A recent storm ; the-jttx -that once held the flight had gone down with it, a pole had been timet out at an angle from the overthrrfwn stones, ahd from the end of this pole the lamp swung bv a rope. No idea connected itself with this impression, which lay low down behind other thoughts. The fog had lifted, but the night was still very dark. Not a star was shining and no moon appeared. Yet Stephen's eye—the eye of a-sailor acouBtomea to the darkness of tne eca at night—could descry something that lay to the north. The Irish, packet had dis appeared. Yes, her sails, were now gone. But out at sea—far ont,' half a league away— what hlack thirg was there ? Oh. it must be a cloud, that was all, and no doubt a storm was brewing. Yet no, it was looming larger and larger, and comingnearer and nearer. It was a sail. Stephen could see it plainly euough now against the leaden sky.. It was a schooner; he could make out its two masts, with for and aft sails, and its square yards forward. It was at. Irish schooner; he could recognise Its heavv hall and hollowed cutwater, It was tacking against wind and tide from the north-east: it was a Dublin schooner and waB homeward bound horn Iceland, having called at Whitehaven and being about to put in at Ramsey. Stephen Orry had been in the act of patting about when this object caught his eye. but now a strange thing occurred. All at ones hie late troubles lay haek in his mind, and by a sort of unconscious mechanical habit ct intellect he began to pus familiar ideas together. This schooner that wag coming from Iceland would be heavy laden ; it would fcnve whalebone, and eider-down, and tallow. If it ran- ashore and was wreckod some of this cargO might be taken by someone and sold for something to a French smuggler, that lay outside of the Chicken KockB. That lamp on the Point of Ayro was the only sea light on this north coast of the island, and it hung by a rope from a pole. The' land' lay low! about it, there was not a houee on that eandy headland for miles on miles, and the night was very dark. All this came np to Stephen Orry'a mind by no effort of will; he loobei out of his dull eyes on the dull stretch of sea and sky, and the thoughts were there of themselves, .... „ , , What power outside himself was at work with him ? Did anything teU him that this was the great moment of his life—that his destiny hung on it—that the ordeal he had just gone through was as nothing to the ordeal that was yet before him ? As he sat in his boat, peering into the darkness at the black Bhadow on the horizon, did any voice whisper in hiB ear:—" Stephen Orry, on the ship that his yonder there is one who hates you and baB Bworn to slay you? He is coming, he is coming, and he is fieeh of your flesh ? He is your own son, and Rachel's !" Stephen Orry fetched his boat away to leeward, and in two minutes more the had run down the light on the Point of Ayre. The lamp fell into the water, and then all was dark. Stephen Orry steered on over the freshening sea, and then slackened off to wait and watch. All thiB time he had been sitting at the tiller, never having risen from it since he stepped his mast by the Bide of the packet. Now he got on his feet to shorten sail, for the wind was rising and he meant to drift by the mizzen. As he rose eomethiog fell with a ciank to the boat's bottom from his lap or hn pocket. It was the bag of money, which Michael SunlockB had returned to him. Stephen Orry stooped down to pick it up; and having it in hiB hand he dropped back like a man who had beon dealt a blow. Then, icdeed, a voice rang in his ears; he coald hear it over the wind that was rising, the plash of the white breakers on the beach, and the low booji of the deep sea outei.de. " Remember yonr promise, father. I have boueht every hour of your life that's left" . His heart seemed to stand still. He looked around in the dull a^ony of a fear that was new to him, turning his eyeB first to the headland that showed faintly against the heavy sky, then to the pier where no light now shone, and then to the black cloud of sail that grew larger every instant. One minute passed—two—three. Meantime the black cloud of sail was drawing closer. There were living men aboard of that ship, and they were running on tc their death. Yes, they were men, living men—men with wives who loved them, and children who climbsd to their knees. But perhaps they had seen the light when it went down. Merciful heaven, let be so—let it be so ! The soul of Stephen Orry was awake at length. Another minute he waited, another and another, and the black shadow came yet nearer. At her next tack the ship would run on the land, and already Stephen seemed to hear the gratizrg of her keelover the rockB below the beach. He coald bear the suspense no longer, and hoisted sail to beat downon the Echooner and warn her. Bnt the wind was stronc by this time, driving hard off the Bca, and the tide ran faster thau before. Stephen Orry was now some thirty fathoms space to the north of the broken pier, and at that point the current from across Mau^hold Head meets the current going across the Mull of Galloway. Labouring in the heavy sea he could barely fetch abont, but when at last he got head out to sea he began to drive down on the schooner at a furious speed. He tried to run close along by her on the weather side, but before he came within a hundred fathoms he eaw that he was in the full race of the north current, and Btr&ng; seaman though he was, he could not get near. Then he shouted, but the wind earned away his voice. He Bhouted again, but the schooner gave no Bign. In the darkness the daik vessel scudded past him. He was now like a man possessed. Fetching about he ran in before the wind, thinking to pasB the Bchooner on her tack. He passed her indeed; he was shot far beyond her, shouting ae he went, but again hie voice was drowned in the roar of the sea. He was almost atop of the breakers now, yet he fetched about once more, and shouted again and again and again. Bat the ship came on and on, and no one heard the wild voice, that-rang out between the dark sea and sky like the cry of a strong swimmer in his last agony. The schooner was the Peveril, homeward bound from Reykjavik to Dublin, with a hundred tons of tallow, fifty bales of eiderdown, and fifty casks of cods' and Bharks' oil. -Leavine the Icelandic capital on the morning after Easter -Day with a fair wind for the outer Hebrides, she had <run through the North Channel by the middle of the week, and pat into Whitehaven with the English mails on the Friday. Nest day she had stood out over the IriBh sea for the Isle of Man, intending to lie off at RamBey for contraband rum. Her skipper and mate were both Englishmen, and her crew were all Irish, exoept two, a Manxman and an loelander. The Manxman was a grizzled old sea- dog, who had followed the Manx fisheries twenty years and smuggling twenty other years, and then turned seaman before the mast. His name was Davy Kerruish, and when-folks asked if the Methodists had got hold ef him that he i)ad turned honest in his old age, he closed one rheumy yellow eye very knowingly, tipped one ebony thumb over his shoulder to where the Government cutters lay anchored outside, and said in a touching voice, " Aw well, boy, I'm thinking Castle Roshen isn no place for a poor man when he's gittin' any ways ould." The Icelander was a brawny young fello of about twenty, of great height and big muscles, and with long red hair. He had shipped at Reykjavik, in the room of aa Irishman, who had died on the oatward trip and been buried at sea off the fSngy island He was not a favourite among the crew; he spoke English well, but was no good at yarn in the foreeaBtle; he was silent, gloomy, not too fond of work, and often the butt ot his mates in many a lumbering jest that he did not seemlo see. He had ugaed on the wharf on the morning the schooner sailed, and the only kit he had brought aboard was a rush cage with a canary. He , hung the bird in the darkness above his bunk, and it was all hut his sole companion. Now and again he epobe to old Kerruish, bat bkrdly ever to the other men. "Och, 8ollum and quiet lek," old &a;>vey would Bay at the galley fire, " bat none so simple at all. Aw no, no, no; and wonderful curious abont my own bit of an island yander." The Icelander was Jason, son of Rachel and Stephen Grry. There is not a more treacherous chancel around the British Isles than tint which lies between St. Bee's Head, the Mull of Gallcway and the Point of Ayre, for four stro&g; currents meet and fight in that neck of the Irish Sea. With a stiff breeze on the port quarter, the Peveril had been driven due west from Whitehaven on the heavy current from the Solway Frith, until she had met the current from the North Channel, and then she had taoked down towards the Isle of Man. It was dark by that time, and the skipper had leaned over the starboard gangway until he had sighted the light on the Point of Ayre. Even then he had been puzzled, for the light was feebler than he remembered it. " Can yon make it out, Davy 2" he had said to old iverroiBh. " Aw. yes, though, and plain as plain," said Davy; and then the skipper had gone below. . . . The Manxman bad been at the helm, and Jason, who was on the -same watch, had sidled up to him at intervals and held a conversation with him in snatches, of which this is. the sum and substance. Is it the Isle of Man on the starboard bow. Davy?" " I darn' say no, boy." " Lived there long, Davy V Aw, thirty yearB afore you were born, may be." I" Ever known any of my countrymen on ttie island?" *'JuBt one, boy; just one." What waB he?" " A big chap, six feet sir, if an inch, and ter'ble strong; and a fist at him like a sledge; acd a rough enough divil, too, and ye darn' spit afore him, but quiet for all—aw, yes, wonderful quiet." •« Who was he, Davy 2' "A wid-'a i:ian these teecR of years." " Be; v n^s was hiB name':'' "Paul'.— no'! Peter?—no! Chut, bless ye, it's clane gone at me ; but it's one of the lot in the ould Hook, anyway." '' WB.B it Stephen 2" " Ky gough, yes, and a middlin good guess too." " Stephen what?" " Stephen—shoo ! it's -gone at me again ! What's that they're callin' the ould King that's going buryin' down Laxey way ! "Stephen Orry it is, for sure. Then its like you knew him, boy ?" " No—that is no. no." " No relations ?" " No. But is he still alive 1" "Aw, yes, though. It's unknownced to me that he's dead, anyway." " Where is he living now ?" " Down Port Erin way, by the Sound, some place." "Davy, do we put into the harbour at Rameey?" "Aw, divil a cbanoa of that, boy, with sperrits comin' over the side quiet-like in the aisht, you know, eighteenpence a gallon, and as much as you can drink for nothin'." " W ow far do we lie outside 2" " Maybe a biscuit throw or two. We never usecer lie farther, boy." "That's nothing, Divy." After that the watch bad been changed, and then a strange thing had happened. The day had been heavy acd cold, with a sky that hung low over the sea, and a mist that reduced the visible globe to a circle of fifty fathoms wide. As the night had closed in the mist hadlifted, and the wind hftd risen-and some sheets of water fctvd come coining over the weather quarter. The men had been turned np to 'stow the yards, and bring thescbooner to the wind, and when they had gone below they had been-wee and 1 miserable, chewing doggedly at the tobacco in their cheslis.and growling- bt ttie darkneBB of the' forecastle, lor the slush-iamp had not vet been lighted. And just then, above the muttered carses^ the tramping of heavy boots and the ewish of oilEkins thafwere being Bhaken to drain them, there arose the sweet Bong of a bird, it was Jaeon's canary, singiDg in_ the dark corner of bis bunk a foot above his head, for on coming below the lad had thrown himBelf down in his wet clothes. The growling came to an end, the shuffling of feet stopped, and the men paused a moment to listen, and then burst into peals of laughter. Bac the bird gave no heed either to their silence or their noiEe, but sang on with a full throat. And the men listened, and then laughed again, and then suddenly ceased to laugh. A match was struck and the eluBb lamp begaa to gleam out over mahogany faces that looked at each other with eyes of awe. The men ehook out their coats and hung them over the stanchions. Still the bird sang on. It uncanny, this strange s nging ia the darkness. The men charged their cuddies, tired up, and crouched together aa they emoked. Still the bird sang on. "Och. it's the divil in the craythur," said one; "yon go bail there'e a storm brewin'. It's irist ould Harry hisself r*j'icing." " Then, by St. Patrick, I'll screw the neck of him," eaid another. " Aisy, man, aisy," said old Davy; " it's the lad'e." The lad be" said the other, and up he jumped. Jason SAW the old man coming towards his bunk, and laid hold of the wrist of the arm that he stretched over it. "Stopthat," said Jason; but thslad was on hiB back, and and in an instant the man had thrown his body on the top of him, leaned over him and wrenched open the door of the cage. The song stopped; there was a short rustle of wings, a Blight chirp- chirp, and then a moment's silence, followed by the man's light laugh as be drew back with the little yeltow bird dangling by the neck from his black thumb and forefinger. lint before the ere at hulking fellow had twisted about to where hi* mates sat and smoked under the lamp. Jason had leaped from his bunk, etiick his fist into the ruffian's throat and pinned him against abeam. you," he cried, thrusting his face into the man's face ; " shall I kill you after " Help! My God, help!" the man gurgled out, with Jason's knuckles ground hard into hie windpipe. The others were in no hurry to interfere, but they shambled up at length, and amid shouts and growls of " Let go," " Let go the boult," and " God's Bake, slact the grip," the two were parted. Then the man who had killed the bird went off, puffing and cursing between his chattering teeth, and his mates began to laugh at the big words that came from hiB weak stomach, while old Davy Kerruish went over to Jasun to comfcrt him. Sarve him right, the craythur," said Davy. " He'e half dead, but that's just half too much life in him yetC though. It's what I've tould them times on times. "Lave him alone," eays I; " the lad's quiet, but he'll be ooorse enough if he's bothered." And my gough, boy, what a face at ye yander, when you were twisain' the handkerchief at him I Aw, thinke I, he's the spittin piesher of the big widda man Orra—Stephen Grry—brimstone and vinegar and gunpowder, atop ot a slow fire." And it was just at that moment, as old Davy was laughing through hiB yellow eyes and broken teeth at young Jason, and the other men were laughing at Jason's adversary, and the dim foreeaBtle under its spluttering slush lamp echoed and rang with the uproar, that a wild voice came down from the deck—"Below there! All hands up! Breakers ahead i" Now the moment when th<j watch had been changed had been the very moment when Stephen Orry had run down the lamp, so that I NEITHER neither HIR by TTW the Manxman who eave gave SD up the I helm nor by the Irishman who took it had the light been missed when it fell into the sea. And the moment when Stephen Grry Bhouted to the schooner to warn it had been the moment when the muffled peals of laughter at the bird's strange song had come up from the watch below in the forecastle. The wind had whistled among the sheets, and the flying spray had smitten the men's faces, but though the mist had lifted the sky had still hnng low and dark, showing neither moon nor stars, nor any hint of the land that lay ahead. But straight for the land the vessel had been driving '.u the darkness, under the power of wind and tide. After a time the helmsman had sighted a solitary light close in on the leetbow. " Point of Ayre," he thought, and luffed off a little, in tending to beat down the middle of the bay. It had been the light cn the jetty at Ramsey; and the little town behind it, withitB back to the sea, lay dark and asleep, for the night was then well worn towards midnight. After that the helmsman has sighted two stronger lights beyond. " Ramsey," he thought, and put hiB helm aport. But suddenly the man on the look out diad ahonted, " Breakers ahead," and the cry had been sent down the foreeaBtle. In an instant all hands were on deck, amid the distraction and uproar, the shouting and blind.groping of the ctuel darknesa. Againet the dark Bky the yet darker laud could now be plainly seen, and a strong tide was driving the vessel on to it. The helm was put hard to starboard, and the schooner's head began to pay off towards the wind. Then all at once-it was seen that right under the ves set's bow some black thing lay just above the level of the sea, with a fringe of white feam around it. " Davy, what do yoa. make of it ?'' ehouted the skipper. "Lord-a-massy, it's the Carick," screamed Davy. " Let go the anchor,' - roared the skipper. But it was too late for even that iaBt refuge. At the next moment the schooner struck heavily; ahe wason the reef in Ramsey Bay, and pitching miserably with 6vecy heave ot the sea. The two bright lights that led the vessel to her ruin came from the two little bays that lie under Maughold Head. The light in Porty- Vullin was in the hut of Stephen Orry, who had lit hie lamp and placed it in the window when be went out to bid farewell to Michael Snnlccks, thinking no evil thereby to any man but only that it would guide him home again when be should return in the boat. The light in Port Lague was from the cottage of three old net weavers who had. lived there without woman or girl, or chick or child, through more than forty years. Two of three were brothers, - Danny and Jemmy Xewley, both over seventy years old, and their housemate, who was ninety, and had been a companion of their father, was known as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy etill worked at the looms year in year out, every working hour of the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, cooked and sewed and cleaned fcr them. All three had grown dim of sight, and now groped about like three old earthworms. .Every year for five years past they had needed an extra candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own iron mould, swung from the open roof rafters over the meshes on that night when the Peveril struck on the Carick. It was Bupper-time, though old Danny and old Jemmy were still at the looms. Uld Juan has washed ont a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot with them, hnng them on the chimney Look and stirred the peats. Then to make them boil the quicker he had gone ont with the tongs to the side of the house for some dry gorge from the gorse heap. While there he had peered through the darkness of the bay for the light on the Point of Ayre, and had missed it, and on going back he had said :— " It's out again. That's the third time inBide a month, I'll go bail something will happen yet." He had got no answer, and sat down on the three-legged stool to feed the fire with gorse lifted on the tongs. When the potatoes had boiled be carried them to the door to drain them, and then, with the click-clack of the levers behind Mm. he had thought he heard, over the deep boom and plash of the eea in front, a voice like a cry. Going indoors he had said, " Plague on the water-bailiff and commissioners and kayB and councils. I'll go bail there's smuggling going on under their very noees. I'd have the law on the lot of them, so I would." Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper of their housemate—that he was never happy save when he had somebody to higgle with— so they paid no heed to his mutterings. But when Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a rag spread over them, went out for the salt herrings, to where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny side of the porch, he was sure that above the click of the levers, theboomand plash of theeea and the whistle of the wind, he could hear a clamourous shout of many vcices, like a wild cry of distress. Then he hobbled back with a wizzened face of deadlv pallor and told what he had heard, and the shuttles were stopped, and there was silence in the little house. •'•It went by me same as the wind," said old JUKI. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old Juan held on to the lever handles; and through those precions minutes when the crew of the schooner were fighting in the grip of death in the darkness, theBe three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, half dsad, half blind, were held in the grip of superstitious fears. " There again," cried old Juan; and through' the door that he had left open the cr; ca me in; above roar of wind and eoa." ''It's-men that's yander," eaid old Jemmy.; " Ay," said old Danny. " Maybe if's a ship on the Carick,'' said old Joan. "Let's sway and look," eaid eld Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, trembling and affrighted, straining their dim eyes' to see and their deaf ears to hear, and clinging to each others' hands like little children, groped their elaw way to the beach. Dowu there the cries were louder than they had been on the brows above. " M ercy me, • let's away to Lague for the bors," eaid old Jnan; and leaving behind them the voices that cried for help, the old men trudged and stumbled through the dark; lanes. Lague waa asleep, but the old man knocked, and the windows were opened and nighc capped heads thrust through. Very eoou the house and courtyard echoed with 111407 footatepF, and the bell over -the porch raujj out through the night to call up the neighbours far and near. ROSE and Stean and Thurstan were the first to reach the shore, and there they found the crew of the Perevil landed—every man safe and sound, but drenching wet with the water he had paEsedthrough to sare his life. The schooner was still on the Carick, much injured already,- plnnging with every hurliog eea on to the sharp teeth of the shoal beneath her, and going to pieces fast. And now that help seemed to be no more needed the people came flocking down in crowds—the Fairb.otbere, with Greeba, and all their men and ptaids, Kane Wade the Methodist, with Chahe A'Killey, who had been sleeping the night at his house, Nary Crowe, and Matt Mjlcbreest and old vjoohragh. And whilt Davy Kerrnieh ehook the salt water from his sou'wester; and growled out to them with an oath that they had been a plaguey long timp coming, and the skipper-bemoaned the loesof his Bhip, and the men of their kits, (-n»ise was down on his knees on the beach, lifting np his crazy, cracked voice in loud th*nkfgiving. • At that the growling ended, and then Asher Fairbrother, who had been sfce last to come, invited the sbipbroken men to Lague, and all together they turned to follow him. Just at that moment a cry was heard above the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that seemed to echo in the lowering dome of the sky. Greeba was the first to hear it. \- " There is some one left on the ship!" she cried. The men stopped and looked into each others' faces one by one. "No,"eaid the skipper, "we're all here." The cry wa3 heard once more; is was a voice of fearful agony. That's from Port-y-Yullin," said Asher Fairbrother; and to Port-j'-Vullin they all hastened off, following the way of the beach. There it waB easy to see from_ whence the cries had come. An open fishing boat wae labouring in the heavy Bea, her stern half prancing like an unbroken horse, and her forepart jammed between two horns of the rock that forks out into the sea from Manghold Head. She had clearly been making for the little bay, when she had fallen foal of the shoal that lies to the north of it. Dark as the night was, the sea and sky were lighter than the black headland, and the figure of a man in the boat could be seen very plainly. He was trying to unship the mast, that he might lighten the little craft, and ease her oil the horns that held her like a vice, but every ft esh wavedrove her head deeper into thecleft, and at each vain effort he shouted again and again in rage and fear. A boat was lying high and dry on the shore. Two of the Fair brothers,.Stean and Thurstan, ran it into the water, jumped into it, and pushed off. But the tide was Btill making, the sea was running high, a low groondawell was scooping up the shingle and flinging it through the air like sleet, and in an instant the boat was caet back on the shore. " No use, man," shouted many voioea. Bnt Greeba cried "Help, help, help !" She seemed, to be beside herself with suspense. Some vagus fear, beyond the thought of a man's life in peril, seemed so possess her, jpj(j ehe.know what it was? She did not. She dared not fix her mind upon it. She was afraid of her own fear. But low down within her, and ready at any moment to leap to her throat, was the dim ghost of a dread that he who was in the boat, and in danger of his life on the rock, might be ve<-y near and dear to her. With her hood fallen back from her head to her shoulders she ran to and fro among the men on the beach crying, " He will be lost. Will no one eave him ?" But the other women clung to the men, and the men shook their heads and answered "He's past saving," and " We've got wives and obuders lookin' to ns, miss—and what'* the use of throwing yonr life away?" Still the girl cried " Help," and then a young fellow pushed through to where she stood, and said " He's too near for us to stand here and see him die." Oh, God bless and keep you for ever and ever," cried Greeba: and, lifted completely ont of all self-control, she threw her arms about tiie young man, and kissed him fervently on tiie cheek. It was Jason. He had found -a rope and coiled one end of it-about his waist, and held the-otherend in his hand. The touch of Greeba's quivering lips had been a< fire him. " Lay hold," he cried, and threw the loose end of the rope to Thurstan fairbrother. At the next moment he waa breast high in the sea. The man must have seen him coming, for the loud clamour ceased. Brave lad!" said Greeba in a deep whis per. "Brave, is it? It's mad, I'm calling it," said old Davy. " Who is it," said the skipper. " The young Icelander," eaid Davy. "Not the lad Jason ?" " Aw, yes though—Jason—the gawk, as they're -saying. Poor lad, Hiere'x a heart at him." The people held their breath. Greeba covered her eyes with her hands, ana felt aa impulee to scream. Wading with strong strides and swimming with yet stronger strokes, J aeon reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards he was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleeding from a wound in the head. Greeba stooped quickly to peer into his face in the darkness, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. " He's done for," said Jason, putting him down. *' Who is ha," cried a score of voices. " God knows—fetch a lantern," said Jason. See, there's alight in old Orry's hut yonder. Let's away there with him. It will be the nearest place," said Kane Wade. Then shoulder high they raised the insensible man and carried him to Stephen Orry's hut. " What a weight he is 1" said Kane Wade. "Slip along, somebody, and get the door opened." Chaise A'Kalley ran on ahead. " Where's Stephen to-night that he's not out with us at work same as this ?" said Matt Mylchreest. " He'e been down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. In another minute Chaise was knocking at the door, and calling loudly as he knocked. " Stephen! Stephen ! Stephen Orry!" There came no answer, and he knocked again and called yet loader. "Stephen, let UB in. There's a man here dying." But no one stirred within the house— " He's asleep," said one. •" Stephen—Stephen Orry—Stephen Orry— wake up, man—can't you hear ns? Have you no bowels, that you'd keep the man out?" " He's not at home—force the door, Kane Wade ehouted. One blow was enough. The door was fas teued only by a hemp rope wound around a hasp on the outside, and it fell open with a crash. Then the men with the burden staggered into the house. They laid the iasensible man on the floor, and there the light of the lamp that burned in the window fell upon his face. " Lord-a-massy,"they cried; "it's Stephen Orry hisself" 