AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. ??HAMLET.' A crowded and critical, bouse assembled to ?witness the performance of ' Hamlet' at tha Theatre Royal on Saturday night, and Mr. 'Warner's conscientious effbrta to give an unconventional coscepnon 01 ten caaraccsr of the Prince of Denmark were received with approTsl. Eia tall and well-knit figure enables him to cairy off tea part with grace and dignity, bat the effectiveness of nis declamation and Eolilcqaies is diaconnted by a tries of voice which he cmnot help. He bore himself gallantly &s; became the heir of a Bcjal house, fami'ibr with all the manly accomplishments of a chivalrie ag?, bas in speech he was sometimes ao measured that the peculiarity of voice already referred to became rather noticeable. In the painful scs&e; with Ophelia he waa effect!?*, and was well supported by Mis3 Graeie Warner, who shekel a very inte'II^eat conceptioa of th3 dilHcalt part ahe had to bear. He waa at seme disadvantage in the stormy intsr view with the Qaeen because iliaa Ada Ward, who waa oast in that character, waa evidently overweighted, and walked through it in a spiritless, stiff, and statuesque style. She made np too young for tha mother of a Prince who conld remember the quip aad gibes of poor Yorick, whose Eknll had 'bin yen i' the earth three and twenty year*.1' In repose she looked queenly, and wai royally dressed, but there the resemblance stocped. Mr. Albert Marsh as Claudius wa a fitting mate for so subdued a queen— he evidently felt the burden of kingly carea. Mr. Herbert Fleming carried off the part of Hcratio very well— he had the same role when ilr. Warner played ' Hamlet' here last year. Hr. Oily Daering'a Poioniaa «m little removed from mediocrity. Mr. H. H. Yincesfs ghost was a very materialized spirit. Every actor bas hia own ide^ of tais rule, come make the ghost appear through a castle wall opaque, yet seeming solid ; others show him in the dim perspective, but Mr. Vincent's phantom, is xmplete armour, stalks grim &cd; noiseles3 p cross the front of the stage. He spoke hia lines with due delibera tion and ghostlike depth of tone, in fact, ne was a digniiied kingly spirit, as such creations so. Sliss Grade Warner was careful not to over do the part of Ophelia— if she ened at all it was on the side of softness ; without making the character colourless she did sot present it in a very Etrorg Iu&t;, but her performance pleased the audience, and she was called before the curtain. By -the way, why will the audience persist in calling Ophelia from her bier and so ruthlessly spoil the illusion ? It is a recst outrageoaa breach of tha pro prieties, but they will do it. la the mad scene Miss Warner was most effective, her plaintive air and tones, her unstudied move ments as she goes through it, and her walling shriek a3 she makes her exit, were all realistic, but net too painfully portrayed. Had Mr. Warner been as well sustained by some of tha other principal characters the whole performance of ?* Hamlet' would have been a greater success than it was. The scene within a scene was not so well done as we have had it before, and the gentleman who took the part of the first actor certainly needed to take to heart Hamlet's advice. The rest of the caat was as follows :— Laertes, Mi. Richard Stewart, jus.; Rosencrantz, Mr. E. B. Russell ; Guildemstern. Mr. H. E. Hambro; Osric, Mr. Henry ; Marsellus, Mr. J. A. Patterson ; Bernardo, Mr. Brian Eng land ; Francisco, Mr. J. Barker ; 1st Grave digger, Mr. Deering ; 2nd Gravedigger, Mr. Alfred Phillips- Patterson ; 2nd Actor, Mr. A. C. Torr; Player Queen, Miss Nellie Mcrtyae. The tragedy will be played again to-night, and on Tuesday Mr. Warner will revive 'Drink.' 