laoveUst, Tie Midnight Prophecy OR TUB HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. , By Emma Garrison Jones. I CHAPTER LYI I. — (OoNirauiD.) ' Now, see here, what's the use of f ' i sticking it out J You can't help yourself. You are wholly at my mercy. I've told the peoplo here ' — with a brutal laugh — ' that you are crazy, an escaped lunatic, and if you batter the windows down they'll only think you crazier, don't you soo. You can't escape. Come now, let's j gu .uu you iimrnuu peaceiuiiy, ana db good friends all the rest of our days.' lie aroso and made an attempt f.n t.nke hor hand, but alio repelled him i t!i a : gesture. 1 ''.Lord Strathspey,' hor young voice ringing like a trumpet, ' I shall never bo your wifo! You may drag me to the altar, but I'll denounce and defy you Chore as I do hero 1' IIo watched her a moment, the old, | dangerous look coming back to hia j eyes. ' Very well,' he replied then, in the quiot tone ho always used when he was much moved, ' have it your own way. . You'll seo whether you'll hold out or not ? whon I 'got you in the quarters I've pre pared for you. We'll see.' -Ho turned and strode from tlieroorn, his Taco white with anger, and locked thfl , . door after him. ? Maggie ? ant by the window, gazing] , down into the dingy yard below, and ' pundoring on what Lord Strathspey had said. ,.Tho people at the inn regarded . her as an eaeaped lunatic — that explained ? at once the peculiar conduct of the land : , lady. The young; nobleman had spoken uilviaodly when he said she was utterly iiiuhis power; :? Shewas, and without one dingle hopo of ' escape. Thinking it all over, Maggie's brave heart failed her, and ilruppinK hor bvi^lit head forward on the window-Bill; slio sobbed, in her impotent despair, like a child. But her grief was more for hoi'' old father's sake than for hor own.' ...The long, droainy summer day wont ? ? -slowly by.' It aoemed an etomity to poor . M»h2'0, pacing up and down her bare pririoii in frantic impatience. But at last ii. enmo to an end ; the sun wont down ? behind tho Scottish hills, the purple nvili^lit, fell, and the groat white stars uuiuo Hushing out in the opal sky like un ! * - aot diamonds. ? Once again her prison door was opened, and'the young lord entered. ' j 'Come,'' ho said, quietly, unfolding a . parcel containing ? a snawl and hat, 'get . these on ; we are goinc; now.' Maggie paid no heed, to his command. ?!'.;-.! u' :,','\vill;ycu go quietl.y ?' he continued. '1 wish you, would, but if you like to be stubborn, thore b nothing to hindor. You 1 see this, he added', producing a small, transparent vial, (vnd holding it before ; her eyes ; ' one single anifFat it will make '' 'you as gentle as a lamb, and thero are v ? ; ' 1 plenty to help me. oarry you down. Take your ohoice at ooco. Will you go quietly , . or not?' ' i. : She arose without a word, and put on the shawl and hat. There was nothing to ?be gained by resisting, with that deadly -5 v drug before her eyes. The young man took her hand, and drew it through his arm, and they descended to the publio ? ? parlor of ' The Lion and the Unicorn.' The landlord and his wifo and one or two guests woro present, and the whole of fti, them aroso at onooy and stood ready to do ~4. camp in ease of any violont manifestations. \-- ' - Maggie had thought to appeal to them for help* but seeing their winks, and nods, ??'?'v and ' significant glances, sho refrained. ? ? Chey believed hor to bo mad, and would 40t give ear to anything sho said. She suffered Lord Strathspey to lead ? her out to the tavern porch. Thero was a \- , i i olosed , carriage in.. waiting, a- few yards from the steps, and half a doison boyn and ' men loitered around, looking on with I curious insolenco. Tho poor girl's cheeks' tingled with outraged pride and anger, and sho went, to tho carriage door in utter silonoe. At the very instant that her foot touched tho step, and the young lord was hurrying her in, tho horses shied and plunged forward, throwing her back with somo violence. ' Take care, madam,' oried a young man, who had just come up from another direction. ' Allow mo to help you.' Ho caught her beforo she fell, and drew her back a step or two, while the horses wero being restrained. Maggie turned the moment she recovered from the shock, and looked at him, and in the summer dusk she saw something in his handsome, blonde face that inspired her with confidence. Swifter than thought — for Lord Strathspey was approaching rapidly, while the stable-boy held the horses — she grasped his arm with both her slender hands, and raised her lovely eyes to his face. ' Oh, sir, for Heaven's sake help mo,' she implored ; ' that man is the Earl of Strathspey's son, and he is forcing me from home and friends — save mo — help me!' The young lord rushed up, with a bitter oath. . i 'She's a lunatic— don't heed her,' ho cried, hotly, too hotly, it struck the calm young stranger. ' Oome : on — come, I say.' He drew her to the carriage door, and lifted her in by main force, springing after her, with astonishing rapidity. Maggie struggled from his grasp, and suc ceeded in reaching tho window. 'Oh, sir, save me— save me IV she cried, in imploring accents. 'Who is she ?' demanded the young man of the landlord, as the carriage whirled away. 'A mad woman, as ho told ye; she 'scaped, an' he be taken her back — she's a purty young thing.' The stranger saunteredoff in the deepen ing twilight, his rifle swung across his stalwart shoulders, and a short hunting knife in his bolt. ' I don't, believe it,' he murmured; liis blue eyes brooding and .serious ; ' there was no madness in her face ! Heavens, what a face it was ! Like one of Raphael's Madonnas. I've half a mind to follow her, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I will.' And ho shot oil through the purple gloom, with the speed of an antelope. CHAPTER LVIII. THB BORDER WATCH TOWER. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the timo of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a bill turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in dayB gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country , was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, aud .crumbling battle ments, waB perhaps the dreariest and moBt uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ages it has been utterly dt-serted, save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of tho mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious halls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of tool way I'lrui, ana on tne ottier hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile aud verdureless, dotted liore aud there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded by a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of theso extended a gloomy cavc, known' among the peasants as the ' Hermit's Cavo,' and inhabited, so they assorted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whoso life, like that of the Wandering Jew, was endless ; and who' possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Astnodeus ; appearing under tho shadow of the black thorns at one moment, and away up on tho boetling summit of the bald cliffs in tho next. In the deiad of night, the same night on whioh our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up tho broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide opon, as thoy had boon standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and tho carriage drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stones, up to the front entrance. The driver leaped from hi3 box, and throw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. ' Here we are, my lord,' he said. Lord AngUB put hi» head out and looked about him. ' Dark as a dungeon, he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the groat gray pile of. ruinB, looming up bofore him in the summer ?' S°pose you run up and knock, Berlcet, and bo sure you're all right;' The man ascended tho long flight of stone stops, which' led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, startled from thoir roosts, made any souhd in response. Ho .knocked again, with the loaded end of his. whip, till the empty halls within rang with tho sound. Ten minutes passed, and thon a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swung cautiously open, and tho dried and wrinkled face of an old woman looked out. ' Wha's that V she demanded in strong Scotch accents, ono hand on the door, and tho other on the head of an. immense blood- hound, that crouched at her side, with blood-shot eyes, and rod, half-open Mo, Mother Gwinneth, me, to be sure 1' cried Berket ; ' the day o' judg ment might come, an' ye'd never know. Why, I've beon poundin' here an hour.' ' I- liearn ye,' responded the old woman. ' Be the young laird ooom J' Berket nodded as he turned and ran down the steps. ? . 'All right, yer lordship, he called at the door of the carriage. Lord Angus leaped out with Maggie in his arms. The poor girl had given over resistance. Tho sight of the . driver's wicked face, and of the grim and ghostly old building, awed her into 1 Bilenc obodienco. Her face was as white as tho youn' moonlight that began to shimmer on the Scottish peaks, and her eyes woro a solemn startled expression. If Heaven, did not interposo and suave her, sho was loat. 1 Tho young man set her feet upon the muddy flng-stones, and drawing her hand through his arm, led her .along by his side. Thoy ascended the steps and approached the door, where the old woman awaited them with a dim lantern fin her hand. At sight of them, the blood-, hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. ' Doon, ye brute — doon this minnit I' commanded the old woman. He cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, hor leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey's face. ' I dinna be sure it was yer lairdship,' she said, watching him with- a curioua, eager look, and touching his arm with her withored hand ; ' but I know it's yersel' now. Yer a braw laU now. '_Tis mony a year Binco me auld eyes had' sight of yo, A braw young laird ye be.' Lord Angus shook off hor hand with an oath, staring at lior in'amazement._ '' Hush your gibber, will you?' ho cried, harshly. 'Do you mean to keep mo out hero all night ?' The old creature hurried back, allow ing liirn to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in herloaden oyes like that we often see in dumb animals. ' The young leddy's room be all roady,' she said, humbly. ' Will ye go right up now, or- ? ' ' Right up now,' interrupted the young peer. ' Lead the way.' Sho obeyed in. silence, going before them up the groat oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She pausod midway tho great hall that ran from the head of the stairs, between two rows of ohambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. _ Lord Strathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel woro green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded; and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little puffs of dust at every touch of- their foot. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where an immense bed uj. reared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as drbary and toinb liko a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old state chamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled one corner. Then he turned to the old woman that stood just within' the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. ' Give me the key,' he said, roughly, ' and take yourself off. I can find my way down.' , She obeyed without a word, and with the key in his hand the young man turned to Maggie. ' ' You believe me now ?' he bogan, his evil eyes flashing with triumph; 'yoa soo how completely you aro in my power ? The doors are strong here— to-night tho great gates will .be closed and locked, and' day and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent, your escape. You see thiere is no hope for you.' ? . Maggie uttered no word in answer. She aat motionless on the odgo of tho moth eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord's hoart relented a little as he looked at her. ' I don't like to do this,' he continued, histone softening( as. he spoke ; 'I want to'be good to.y'ou, Maggio-^-it is all your own fault. : ' The moment yOu'consent to become my wife, you are. free. . I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to like me — you can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you'll say tho word we will be married at once, and I'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers.' Still she uttered no word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not bear to look at her, and lie turned toward the door. 'I won't annoy you to-night,' he said ; 'you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynneth up with some supper and a glass ol' wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-night.' He lingered an instant, hoping she would speak, but she did not,' and he went out, closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie was loft alone a prisoner in this great, ghoBtly old chamber. CHAPTER LIX. THE DECOY. The Earl of Strathspey left Ravenswold on the tenth of September to make a run down to London and return in time for his daughter's marriage, which was ap pointed to take place oh tho twenty third. Ho had various commissions to execute, business matters to arrange, aud tho marriage settlements to attend to. In addition, the oarl wished to consult with his solicitor, iu regard to the expediency of disinheriting, or disowning rather, the young man who had so long been known as his son. The subject was a very painful one; but Lord Strathspey was not' the man to' shirk what he considered to be his duty, no matter how much pain it might cause him. Day by day, hour by hour, the convic tion that the boy was not his son, that he had been deceived and imposed upon, grew upon him ; and while he rejoiced to believe that so depraved and unpromising a young man was in truth no son of liiB, it was with a feeling of keen pain that he thought of renouncing him. After all his hopes, after all he had borne and suffered, he should die without an heir, and the time-honored namo: of Strathspey would die with him. Better thus, however, than to leave it in the hands of one who would surely bring dis grace and, shame upon it. He was fixed in his determination, and started, down to London to look into tho ' matter ' arid see what could be done. ? . Immediately after the marriage of his daughter' he proposed' having' the remains of his wife'vusiiiterred and removed to the grand burial-placo at £-tirthspey Towers. That done, his life-work waB ended, and nothing remained; for liiin but death. Ho purposed leaving Eng land in all probability forever, and end ing his miserable existence in a foreign land. Thus the earl purposed doing, as he stood on the platform at the. Porth rail way, waiting impatiently for the express train. to London, but a trifling incident, or shall wo say a providence, which works, even through the wrath of evil men, to ac complish and perfect its marvellous ends —caused him to change his mind. The earl reoeivod a letter; a yellow en velope, directed in a scrawling hand, and delivered by a J.U'k man, with a sabre cut over his' right temple. ' He tore it open a trifle impatiently, and read its contents. It ran thus : ' If the Earl of Strathspoy will come to the old castle called ' Tho Border Watch Tower,' ho may learn something in regard to Ait own ton.' ' His own son,' mused the peer, walk ing up and down. ' What can it mean, I wonder? I've half a mind to go and see. I know tho old castle well. By Jove, I will go 1' . He turned on his heel, while the express train wont crashing out on its way to Lon don; aud half an hour later he waB aboard a passenger train, bound for the North country border. Ho got off at Hawick, under the shadow of the Cheviot Hills, and finding no better mode of travelling at hand, after making a hasty dinner, he secured a Beat in a mail-coach, which would convoy him with in a fow miles of the ruins. With every mile he travelled, his im patience increased. His oion son! He kept repeating the words over and over, with something like a thrill of pleasuro. Ho had been bo deceived, and baffled, and disappointed — what if at last his very own son was to be restored to him V The little Tyrol foundling, that his dead wife claimed as hor own ? It might be so. Strangor things had hap pened. We have before stated that the earl was impulsive and impetuouB by nature ; whatever ho believed, became a faith to him. And now thinking it ovor, as he rattled along in the mail-coach, his im patience waxed hotter and hotter. If it might only turn out aB he hoped — if he might find and claim the boy his wife loved, the child for whoso sake she sacri ficed her' home and happiness, and her life — what joy it would be to endowhim with his name, his wenlth, his honors, for the sake of her 'whom he had so deeply in jured 1 It was the one only. thing which could in any way afford him comfort, or appease the cruel remorse that stung him like an adder ; and his great desire that it might be bo grew into a hopeful faith.. Ilia own. son! It must be the. little foundling of the Tyrol that he was soon to hear of. The mail-coach put him down in the silver dusk of a September eve. A young irtooii hung likeia silver crescent over the blue Cheviot peaks, and the stars came out like jewels in the far-off, misty blue. . . The 'Border Watch Tower' was a few miles distant ; he could see the round tur ret looming up gray and grim in the opal light. ? Thoro was no conveyance at hand, and the . impatient earl;: too eager to brook a moment's' delay, determined to walk the distance. Hedid so, striking off in a direct line across the north country, and leaving tho rolling down's and rugged peakB far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thunderous storm-cloud when he readied the great gale of the old castle, and an owl was hooting dismally from some hid den perchjaway up in the windy battle ments. , . The earl paused, panting' and weary from his long and rapid walk, and leaning against the huge stone pillar, gazed around him. And at sight of the dreary prospect — the black and sullen waters beneath the ruined moat ; the blighted heath, stretch ing far away in tho dim light ; the gloomy fir -grove that flanked the broad avenue, and the great gray pile of ruins, so still, and ghostly, and tomb-like in the uncer tain moon-rays — at sight of all this, for the first time a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if he were boing lured into a trap ? Could it be so ? Asking himself the question, as if by some woird magic the face of his son, of the boy who had borne his name and en joyed his benefits so long, seemed to rise before him — a face full of wicked malig nant triumph. For ono brief moment the earl hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then he raised his haughty head with a scornful smile. Ho had never met a danger in all his life long that he dared not face, and should he turn back from this — he, who held his life bo lightly ? A rusty horn hung suspended from the liugo gate, which was Becuroly locked. The earl took it down, and blew a long, loud' blast, such a blast as was wont in days - gone by to rouse the border warriors from ? thoir revels. The hoarse braying of a blood houud within responded to his summons, and all again was silent for the space of ten min utes, when a footstep eohoed on the damp flag- stone, and directly after the rusty bolts and bars began to rattle. Tho gate was cautiously opened, and tho same' man who had delivered the letter looked out. 'Ah!' ho ejaculated, 'the earl at last,. Will your lordship be pleased to enter?' ' Who desires my presence here ?' de demandod the earl. 'The master,' replied the man, glibly; 'he has tidings for your lordship, if you will have the goodness to walk in and hear.' The earl' strodei in without another question. Tho gate was closed and looked after him, ard then his guide led the way to the castle entrance. The earl followed up the mouldy steps and through the arched door way. In the great hall, the old woman known as Mother Gwynneth Btood with a light, and at a signal from the man, she at once led the way into a spacious drawingroom. A grand, gloomy apartment, filled with must and decay, and floored with colored tiles, like the rooms above. From a .velvet chair in a remote corner, a man's figure:'; arose.' Gwynneth ' put down ;h»' 'light 'and retreated, and the Earl of Strathspny stood face to face with his Hon, the young Lord Angus. For the space of a minute, the two men faedd each other in dead silence ; thon tho earl spoke, his voice quivering with rage : 'Did you 'send that letter?' he de manded ; ' did you dare to decoy me into thiB den?' The young man's fnce wore a smile of diabolical truimph. . , 'I did, begging your lordship's pardon,' ; lie replied ; ' I invited .you to come if you wished to hear something of your own son; and lie is very much at your honor'B ser vice, the' only .son, tiie only heir tho Earl of Strathspoy will ever own.' For an instant the earl stood breathless — utterly dumfounded at tho young man's ; arrogant impudence. ' .'Then his hot and hasty temper flamed up. 'You young villain 1' he cried, rushing toward Lord Angus, 'I'll teach you howto mako a fool of mo.' He made an attemDt to crasD the young man's collar, but Lord Angus elu ded him, and, retreating step by step, drew the carl on to the farther corner of the spacious room. . Thero was a wide tile just beneath their feet. Tho young lord pressed upon one corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl with it, down into an abysB of utter darkness. Lord Angus peered- down into tho awi'ul chasm, his face full of wicked exul tation. ' Who will be Earl of Strathspey now, my lord?' he called, mockingly. Then tho heavy tilo slowly rose, and slid back to its place with a sharp snap. ' A snug trap that,' mused the young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; 'and my Lady Cecilia Drummond's a clever woman — a doucod clover woman, and a handsome one. If I don't sticced in break ing in my wild fury, I've half a mind to ; make love to her, now that the earldom's mine. CHAPTER LX. DEFEATED. Judith lost no timo in carrying out her determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. The moment her duties to Lady Marguerite wore ended, she hurried across the wold, in the waning light, to the residence of Mr. Keith. Tho old highland country house was very silent and sad, for Mr. Kefth was ab sent, at work with the detectiveB who were trying . to find poor Maggie ; and the old doctor was sitting out upon the stone Bteps, his head bent upou his breast, given over to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her eyes. ' Ay, 'til you, my girl,' he said, in re ply to her salutation, his eyes full of the wistful inquiry that never left them. ' I was in hopes ' He stopped short, his voice ohokedand unsteady. 'But 'tis useless,' he added, after a moment. 'I may as well give up all hope. She's gone, Judith — my pretty bairn's gone— -I shall never hear from her again.' There was a deep pathos in the father's grief ' for the daughter he loved so fondly. Judith's tears' fell fast as she looked at him; but hor words were the words of hope and consolation. 'Do not despair,' she said; 'I'msure you will find her — I feel it somehow, doc ; tor — sho's not gone. ' Bub lie shook his gray head in des pair. 'Remember how it was about Hen drick,' tlio girl continued, hoping to cheer him. 'I, had mourned him as dead so long, and, in the hour I least looked for it, he was restored to me. The mercy of Heaven is endless, and its power is omni potent, doctor. You will surely find your child again.' He looked up at the summer stars abovo him. Judith's earnest words thrilled hiin with. renewed hope. : She passed on, in search of the captain, and found to her consternatian, that he was absent, gone to Glasgow, to return on Thursday. On Thursday, the very day on which the fatal wine supper was to be held I What should she do ? . Hurrying homeward through the silent, starlight, sho thought until her temples throbbed with pain, and at last deter mined to reveul the whole affair to the countess. Lady Marguerite was in tho muBic-room when Judith reached Ravenswold, filling all tho summer silence with h-*r mournful melodies, and the girl ran to her own little room, to seek advice from her husbaud. She had told him the story of the baro ne''B treaohery bofore, aud ho strongly approved of her decision to reveal all to the countess. 'There b something wrong,' he said, in ,his grave, slow manner, ' though 1 can't Bee through it. I've been watching the, baronet since you -told me, and thero's something wrong with him,- Judith. Ho starts and looks bohind him -when there's no o-.iuso — lie's got a secret of some kind on his mind, I'm sure o' that,' iS ' Arid lie to be my poor little Pearl's husband!' cried Judith. ' And a night' or two ago,' pursued Hendrick, without noticing what she said, ' I was down in the stables', arid Sir liay ard came down — he's always prying abvit the horses. Right in the yard ho niet Ca j taih Fossbrooke face to face. . . .They both stopped and stared at each other, and s.i vs the captain. ' Why, Colonel Richmond B. o -he, as I live 1' j 'And Sir Bayard, ho turned so white that I .thought lio'd drop whore ho stood. Thexapfain'went on with a ' laugli,' and then Sir Bayard foil to swearin' awful. I wonder what it all means ?' ' ' Colonel Richmond Brooke,' repeated Judith, thoughtfully. . I 'Yes,' said Hendrick; 'that'sthenamo. I remember it well.' ' Well, 'tis all in a tangle,' she replied; 'I can't begin to see one endfromt'other; hut I'll take your advice and toll thewholq. thiiig'tO thocountess.'! . ' ' Ay, lass, 'tis the host thing you can do,' .responded Hendriok, stroking her brown hair as he arose to go out. ?: ?..., ? .'.j, . And Judith went straightway ' and 'tap ped .for admittance' at the door of the countess' sittiiigroonii : . The old lady had a new novel before hor and hor inevitable silver mug of strong Coffee at her elbow. ? Sho stared a little ai Judith entered and begged the favor of her attention for a fow 'minutes. But she closed her novel, and pushed back her goggles, and laid one hand on tho jowelled head of hor staff, and bado hor proceed with what she wishod to say. Judith obeyed, rehearsing in a concise and strictly truthful manner, and with that terse and striking stylo that was one of her gifts the whole affair from begin ning to end, winding up with the little incidont that Hendrick had noticed in the stable-yard. The countess listened, her keen eyes blazing, her hands working nervously on the top of her cane. She comprehended all the points that had escaped the girl's comprehension. When the story was ended she brought down her stick with a crash. ' There,' she cried, excitedly, 'I see the whole thing now aB clear as daylight. What a blind idiot I've beon not to sus pect it before. The man's an imposter, and Bayard Brompton's dead — murdered I That's the whole in a nutshell. Poor Bayard.' She meditated a moment and then bounded to her feet' with the alacrity of a girl. ' Here, my good girl,' she oried, as she threw off hor velvet gown, ' dress me quick. I won't ring for my maid — there, the black satin and a freth turban. Oh, Heaven!' she went on excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey, ' to think how I've suffered myself to be duped — tharik Heaven 'tis not too lato. Poor Pearl, poor little girl, what a fate she has es caped. ' Girl,' turning upon Judith as she was folding the snowy turban, ' I'll give you a fortune for the service you've done mo to-night ; a fortune that will mako you a lady.' Judith thanked her as she arranged the turban and looped it in front with tho great flashing diamond. The countess grasped hor stick and hurried down. Pearl was still at the piano, and the baronet was bending over her chair doing his utmost to play tho devoted lover, the poor girl shrinking away from him with horror and aversion. The countess crossed the room with the tread of a cat and put her lips close to the baronet's ear. ' Colonel Richmond Brooke,' she cried, shrilly, ' when did you murder Sir Bayard Brompton ?' The baronet bounded up as if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply and stared at the countess in blank consternation. Then comprehending the whole, his face slowly whiteued, and with one or two in effectual gasps he sank to the floor in sensible. The couutess sat down contemplating the prostrate soldier with an amused twinkle in her sharp eyes. ' I' re given mysolf credit all my life for being acleverwoman,' sho observed, 'but I'm convinced now that I'm insufferably stupid, that I ever should have been brought to believe that creature a Bromp ton. Pah 1 Marguerite, child, ring the bell, will you ?'. \- Marguerite, pale with wondering dis may, hastened to obey. ' Call that gentleman's valet,' com manded the countess of the servant who entered, indicating the prostrate baronet with the toe of her satin slipper. In five minutes Leonard entered, a startled look in his black eyes. ' Take your master to his room,' said the countess; 'he is ill. 1 will have a physician called in.' Leonard obeyed with alacrity, and the dowager proceeded to call in, not a physician, but a pair of officers. Half an hour later thoy invaded the baronet's room, but lo, the casement; was wide open, and the baronet and his valet were both gone. . : But the unsuccessful soldier had left his written confession behind him. ' I am Sir Bayard Brompton's half brother by an illegitimate connection. His father did my mother an unpardon able wrong, and I owed her son a grudge. Moreover, I was the elder son, the title and wealth were mine ; I tried to secure them ; I havo failed.' 'Poor fellow,' mused the countess ; 'ho did have a look of the BromptonB, and I can't help feeling some pity for him. But lie's a murderer — put the officers on his track.' . To be continued. 