PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARPER. In some respects, a dramatist's and a poli tician’s life run[?]upon parallel lines. Both have a varied audience to cater for, and both have much the same pitfalls to avoid. There is a story told of a writer who wrihlil have wiitteu a most successful play had uot a series of incidents brought 'about) andante climax, which killed mff 'alb: his mharacters early in the drama; but b id as an ante-climax is, an auti-climax-is rather worse. . Once the interest has been allowed to ;cool, or the sensation to be anticipated andtannecessary, the conclusion is dull indeed.i i .Vlr Macro forced an ante-climax over the wine bonus, which has to a large extent- discounted the effect of. the promised fight over that vote;: now he lias been guilty of just as bad an anti-climax over the Kew and Yarra Bend 4 reserves.- The motion on Tuesday night had so much of an after thought about itlthat it did the Ministry-no harm, and the Opposi tion no good;, but yet it showed that had the • situation been grasped early- much might; have been done. It served to accentuate the smouldering, intentions of some who- arei fretting at the long.-delayed opportunity to cross over;, the peeuliur ideas others have of.;- what is expected of-a member of Parliament,-.!, who certainly is supposed to have sufficient- ' courage to vote one Way or the other; then iudifference of a host of others; and that was all. ' ; The dobate oil the proposed bonuses wasu decidedly a relief after the unusually insin cere one on the-Eew reserves. It was a. question dissociated from all extraneous matter, mid therefore bou. members were able to discuss it apart from those thousand and ono questions of expediency that sur | round most of the discussioua. It is only when such a question us this is reached that I the country discover the true men of the- Bouse, for it is only they who take much in- L terest in it. A city member whose interests lie in the city, and- who cares but little who sinks provided his constituency is pro vided for, enters with a light heart, for he knows the result of the dis cussion will not affect in. any way his re-election. The country member whose constituency lies outside tire immediate operation of the proposals takes a holiday for similar reasons. We are their left to the few members vitally interested and those who love politics for the good it can do;; rind there are some of the latter class, strange as it may appear. Amongst the first iu this class is Mr Madden, the member for Hor sham. A man who at all times has the ear of the House, and, if the conutry is wise,, has also the ear of tire country. In many respects the present Ministry is a fortunate otre, for, barring that absurd tariff', they always . have someone outside them selves who is a warm champion of someone or other of their measures. Ho doubt it reflects credit upon the Ministry that they are able to obtain such champions. Mr Dow himself has uot a wanner admira tion for the Government agricultural policy than lias Mr Madden, and with the enthusi astic support this member gives to the Go vernment their success iu this matter is practically assured. When Mr Madden’s reward is to come would uot he long iu being determined but for the cirumstauces that he could only displace Mr Dow in tile- Lauds, or Mr Deakin the Water Supply, uud at present there is but little prospect of a vacancy in either department. The closeness of the division goes for little iu the face of its smallness. It simply shows that the Opposition gave a block vote, and the Ministerial followers an indifferent one. The indifference, doubtless, is a danger in itself, and lends color to the rumors that the feelings of the Cabinet are not so strong iu the unity as they might be. It has an unpleasant tinge of riding for a fall rvliich may, or may not be intended; but which is there nevertheless. It is the natural result of the tariff somersaults. It is hardly possible to rouse au enthusiasm in a House where all enthusiasm has been caie fully damped beforehaud, and certainly not possible to enforce statesmanlike principles after such a surfeit of ex pediency as it lias had. If the Opposi tion were united upon a principle and uot merely by a common dislike to the Government, the situation would be solved iu their favor; but the chatters are that Mr Mnuro will see his opportunity too late, and that the Premier has already awakened to the threatened danger. He would be a bold inau indeed who would assert, iu Mr Richardson’s presence, that he has anything to learn; but for all that he learnt one thing on Tuesday night, and that was, that it is never safe to try to do a good turn to a fellow member unless he is certain that the member appreciates his action. It does uot need telling that the “free pass” trouble lias amused a very bitter • feeling in the Huiue, which it will take some time to allay. The member for Creswick thought he under stood both parties in tile trouble. He understood the motives of Mr Ivirtun’s iu dignation, and, further, the feelings of tbe members in general. Raturally, therefore, lie thought himself a fitting person to pour oil upon tbe waters. The result was much what the man gained who discovered a hus baud beating his wife. He sailed in on the woman’s side, and the couple, finding common ground, both set to work on him. He lets such couples fight it out now. Probably Mr Richaidson will do the same in future. As the session gets older, and the Wed nesday evenings get fewer, the House begins to breathe more freely. What a formidable figure private members’ night cut at the be ginning of the session. The Governor’s speech was us milk uud water compared with what was therein set down. Reforms the most radical in their eff-cts; resolutions the most striugent iu their puwer, were to he the outcome. Gradually all this is diminishing. Captain Taylor lias not yet reformed the Supreme Court. Mr Garter lias not removed all the silt out of the Bay, nor have the other members accomplished their mighty deeds. Mr Jenkins still lets his fatherless ghosts out of the box, and they come out with a sad regularity, but they no longer make the cir cuit of the House in search of their unnatural sponsors. He merely takes them out and shuts them down again, while their fathers look lovingly at the almanac, and couut the days to the last Wednesday in the session, when these resolutions will be shut down for ever, and the postponing for a fortnight come to an end. There won’t be so many resolutions and private bill’s upon the notice paper next year. With the ex ception of the private bills that pay their way tliero will probably be none. Last Wednesday a lengthy uotiee paper was run through in la minutes. Had it gone through in less it would have pleased many. Chief among those who were going to make private members’ night memorable in the annals of the session was Dr Maloney. The doctor is a full-grown democrat fresh from the University, and abhors all compromise with tyranny. A nans culotle of the most trouseriess kind, his soul revolts at the indignities that practical politics ' heaps upon democracy. And we can all sympathise with him in his in dignation. It is simply marvellcm-i what a difference there is betweeu tiie democracy of the University Union and that of the As sembly. In the union or in the debating society a man -may be as democratic as he pleases. He may bring about all kinds of revolutions and political earthquakes; the more the merrier. He can fill him self full to overflowing with Groiilund and Bradlaugh, and fuel himself im mensely superior in his dashing energy to the slow effete humanity ahead of liiin. That is all as it should be;"* but wheu the firebrand reaches the Assembly all this ardour cools suddenly. Then the balance is seen more clearly. Dr Maloney has a long ing after an untrammelled democracy which, isr its way, is very nice; but it is doubtful whether his idea of eliminating the £5O deposit from the nomination paper would accomplish this. After he has gone through an election us the sitting member liis views will be much changed. Thus they “come like shadows, so depart,” and one'by one the brilliant fancies of our youth fade away, our loved Utopias, shrink into a good humored laugh as the House snuffs them out, and we 1 we learn wisdom. 