ihoce^an. ARCHDIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. THE ARCHBISHOP AT KADINA. Fob some months past at Kadina preparations were being made by the pastor and congregation of the Sacred Heart Mission to avail themselves of His Grace's visitation to have him to bless and lay the first stone of the I new school-room so long and press ingly needed. The depression of the last three years, as a matter of course, had much to do in the delay of an under taking in which all felt much interested, as the incidents of last Sunday show. In the first place, the visitation was to administer the Sacrament of Confir mation to the youth of the congregation, who have been under a special course of instruction for some months past. On arrival by train on Saturday, a number of old friends met the Arch bishop with cordial greetings, and accompanied him to the Presbytery. Next morning at 8 o'clock His Grace admitted twenty-one children to first communion. He addressed them in a brief discourse on the grace and privilege granted them, and earnestly exhorted them to ever cherish the reinemberance of that even1>—the highest and holiest of their lives. He also laid down a little rule of life for them, and from the recollection and piety of the young communicants, they wereevideatly deeply impressed with his paternal admonitions and the sacredness of the event. Beside these the congre gation also approached the Holy Table, and one would think that it was the celebration of a Paschal Communion. In the second place, the Confirmation of so many youth formed another event, as it was the first Confirmation in the Sacred Heart Church since His Grace's appointment as Archbishop. The Candidates Were subjected to a lengthy and somewhat: rigorous examination on Christian doctrine, and their answering gave the greatest satisfaction to the Chief Pastor, who said—"I am much comforted by -your: knowledge of your catechism. You.reflect great credit on those who have, trained you, and upon yourselves by the attention you have paid to in struction;" adding, " Live up to the practice of your holy religion, inwhich . yon are so-well instructed.' * Let ytiur iight ao£hine before men that they may glorify your, Father in heaven.'" After Confirmationall the youthful candidates were enrolled in ttie League of the Grose. , The third event of this memo rable'day was the blessing and laying the corner-stone of new school, lecture halljand library. A fine site had been securedby HisGface when he was the missionary spastor of the SacredHeart mission, e, It % at the corner of Cameron-terrace and Milne- street, on the copposite site to the ohurch. At 3.80 the school children and acholytes, precededhyia cross-bearer, moved from the church, followed by the clergy and Archbishop, singing appropriate hymns. On arrival at the site, the congregation askedHisGrace's ecceptanoecfah address, which we subjoin— I "To the Most Bev. Db. Rkyholdb, A AbumAibuopvV'jSaxxiMibxJ - OWdfiitlMv«he CafHbilcs of fadmti 'be^ Wectfu% to bi$ you welCoirie'ln'buir «uqBt,andtp ofibfyob ^nr1 'hbsmest,1cbbfrafmatiPnB onttte high jHfctibftt' bbntei^ ppbn yda by our venjpi^te& Pontiff eibce lastypu visited this Mission. ' " While rejoicing exceedingly at your cftevatiou to the Arcbjepiscopal dignl$, we^cognise tfy} wisdom of the Holy See ihasBiguihgto your Grace this exalted office, for which you are so eminently qualified,botb so&ally; and intellectually, and of which your many virtues make you euch a worthy recipient. Of the many inonuments of your work in the Archdiocese of Adelaide, the Sacred Heart Ghureh, Kadina, is to us a constant Aiemori&l;* "We are pleased to have you this day in our midst to lay the foundation stone of our new school, and to give your blessing to pur workt "We wish to express to your Grace our sincere gratitude for your noble efforts in the cause of religious educa tion, and for your untiring zeal and self- sacrifice in the promotion of temperance. In these great works of true charity we will ever pray that God may long preserve and sustain yon. "Begging your Grace's blessing, we subscribe ourselves on behalf of the congregation of the Sacred Heart Church, Kadina. " John Farkeix. "M. Quinn. " E. Keelet. " John Fareell, Jan. "Cornelius Quinn. "Feast of St. Michael Archangel, 1889." His Grace replied as follows:— " My dear friends and children in Jesus Christ, I cordially reciprocate your greeting, and assure you it is a source of very great pleasure to meet you again. All your words recall some of the happiest recollections of my life. They recall the days when we labored together in the erection of yonder Ghurcb, and when other responsibilities came upon me, I ever found you the Bame loyal and affectionate flock. In the ceremonial in which I am about to engage, I find the fulfilment of a long cherished desire. As you may remember, we secured this site for a purpose no less sacred than the building of the Church itself. Circumstances over which we had no control delayed the erection of this school and lecture hall. We had to make the Church serve the double purpose of Church and school, but I thank God your generous co-operation enabled your worthy pastor to begin what we so long desired to accomplish. Tour allusion to the work done during my episcopate recalls my indebted ness to the Giver of all good, who has vouchsafed a measure of success to my labors. To Him be the glory. I am glad of your deep interest in the work of total abstinence, and of the many who have joined the League of the Cross; only let us blot out the rice of intemperance amongst you, and there would not be a nobler, nor more gener ous and affectionate people in Christ endom. Aid my efforts in the crusade upon which I haVe entered for your sakes, and we shall, with God's blessing, promote His honour and glory and our 'mutual santification. I earnestly' pray that the plentitude of graces which flowed from the sacred heart of Jesus on Calvary may be upon you and your children." After the chanting of . the prayer " Actiones Quassumus Domine " His Grace sprinkled the foundations with with holy water, the clergy and choir reciting the "Miserere," after which the stone was blessed and duly laid with the usual formula, " In the faith of bur Lord JesUS," &c.; His Grace mounted the stone and gave an address on "Catholic education, and made ah-appeal o n behalf of the Building Fund. The response was truly generous, for £110 was laid oh the stone. This sum, with the £70 previously collected, relieves the pastor of all anxiety on the score of debt. A very large concourse attended, and all manifested the deepest interest fn'the undertaking to provide a school room, lecture-hall, and library for the congregation of the Bafered Heart, Badiha. ' •••" "J ;!:i* The Feast of St. Michael Archahgbl will be a red-letter day in the'kistoty of K&diha; mission: The 'drst Cbmhau nion Of thb littleoheaofthe flbct|(€hbfr lecture-hull form an epoch never to be forgotten. His Grace expressed his great natiafactiOh to both pastor add people with:all the arrangements, yritb the' eiamiriatian in Christian doctrine, and withthe goner ority of thi people. He promised to come (D.Vi) for:the dedication of the new school and lecture-hall. Oh Tufesday, the Feast of the Holy Angels, His Grace officiated in the Con vent of the Holy Ghost, North Ade laide, and gave the holy habit of the Order of St. Dominic, of the Congre gation of St. Catherine of Sienna, to two-novices. \- The Catholic Refuge.—An appeal will be made in aid of this laudable institution in all the Churches neat Sunday, His' Grace preaching in the Cathedral. We hope the faithful will generously aid the committee of man agement in the clearing off the debts on the institution. Rosaey Sunday.—Special prayer will be offered for the intentions of the Holy Father throughout the world next Sunday. We hope to be able to announce in the next issue the day fixed for the annual Communion and Profession of Repara tion. 