Fi-om Rockhampton to Mount , Morinish. j I-.: .'(ilY OUR arEOIAL ItAarbUTER.) I Thorp is Gcarcoly anything so thoroiighly ihvigorating "as- tlio prbsjiect of aeongonial tiuvol into unknown tbrritoryj anil so I thought whou on Saturday morning last, I, in- coiiipiiny. with Mossrs.'Boyd (of the firm of 'Boyd aud'BreckioB), Lundagor (tho woll known "Rockhampton .photographer), and vv. xveir a iiuuiug uutu 'oi'repuiie, icib Rookhamjitou for a trip to Mount' Morinish iind' Bltickfeliow's ; Glilly. AVo' wero ouch yciirning for a1 change 'and tho fates willed - Wo ' should not yearn in vain, for a more perfect panorama of changes it has novor been my lot to oxporionoo. I do not bore prptoml-'to say that the aforosaid panorama rooicd off too many' changes of a sntisfaotory ffature, 'hut I will strain my consoiouco a bit by giving' vent to'un nsscrtibn that tho fowar there ivbrc of thom: tho moro pleased I felt.' Howovor, : at an early hour on Saturday;, morning our party, in ' company with - two'.' horses ami ' a reBpeotahlo' looking v ;brig'gy ' sallidd: forth, aiid via Bolsbver-stroet ; reiiohed ' tho Lion breolc road in safety,',. Passing aibng this really 'firip track 'wo caught gliinpsps of Mr. A. 1 .T. ' Callan's ; handsome : rpsidouco, and, lurtlior oii, Mr. Ja'rdmp'a 'habitation, which, iu tlio' 'morning light, - looked' resplendent beneath the festoon of flow'oriug creopors that covered it. In' front of tlio 'lionse, but iit somo' disiancc from it, was growing a grand' clump of bamboos, which, with the gontle broozo then blowing, was twistod-into a liiindvocl quoor, yet pictnrosque, ' contor tions aiid shapes. On the right of the road way, a small distanco further down, wo passed tlio prilatial : rosidonco of Mr. W. if. D'Arcy. This establishuiont looked particnhirly.'now, and, to somo hearts, may liavo heon -impres- sivb. Tlio grounds were nicely kept, and tho house scorned woll-nigh hidden beneath cue glories iiiiti. surruuMuuu iv. ire huuviiij: aftorwards drew rein at a ' Woll-known and hpspitnblo 3anot.uary on tlio' left haud sido of the robtl, and ivhilst we easily discussed tho " good things-provided", and drank with jvigor tho liquors which wo hud cliosen to hall anil pay for, our minds bocaino 'freer iincl ivb felt that at last wo woro, tc sbmo iextbnt; sovorcd from tho bonds of a busy and coiiinioreial oxiatunoo. Leaving tlio pro- yibusly- mentioned sanctuary wo sped on- wards'and crossing over Lion Creek Bridge — ii very shnmbly kind of structure, by tlio way — botook ourselves to tho main i-oad onco 'more. On tho left, wo passed Mr. AArolls' bviolc yard at which placo I was assured jtlio imly hand-made bricks that could ho bo ob tained in Roekliampton woro to be found, and its wo sped along 'Wo succeeded in elitcliing , exquisito glimjisos of boautiful patches of oats and corn. AVo had not pro- grossed a very groat distance, ore 'wo ob served smoke issuing from tlie lower regions Of our buggy, and on dismounting wo ascer tained 'that ono, of tho axlos had got " a bit hot" and was threatening to burn up tho (whole concern. Hastily dismounting, wo rbniovod and greased the wheels, and after an uncomfortftblo delay of upwards of an hour wo wero enabled to rosumo our journoy. The neeident if sncli it might be toruied, occurred opposite tho ' resplendent Pink Lily. Reserve, a locality much admired for tho extraordinary growth of ilowora boaring that name. . Mr. ICorr, who acted as a sort of coach, seemed particularly at homo with tho ribbons, and not much the loss with tho whip j for during, tho ontirc journoy ho novor Bootnod happy unless indulging in tho pro cess of flicking imaginary flies off tho horsos hacks, and botwucn oach flick indulging in a such ejaculations as "Now then" and " AVhoop la." Our fiery untamed stoods did not ap pear to bo very much struck with either of those expressions of persuasion, but main- tained a steady jog trot that led ub to imagine they had been originally purchased from a now extinct nndortakor. Proceeding along tho road wo passed Mr. Jonsen's homo- stead on the loft, aud found much to admiro in a magnificont patch of oats and corn ad joining. AVo speedily arrived at tho South Yaiimba-road, down which wo turned, leaving on our right the track to Laurol Bank, tho sceno.of tho Moat Preserving works in tlio early days. A beautiful drivo through mag nificent aveuuos of gums, pines, and bamboos brought us to tho Morinish-road, along which wo pursued our way leaving the Yanmbn Road away on tho right- Iloro tho timber scenery suddenly ebangod and a fino expanse of country was opened out. Away as far as tho eye could reach was to bo discerned range after l-ango of mountains clothed in the purplo shadows of a morning suii, and resplendent with gontlo touches of iold, as horo and thoro ono peak, moro lofty than his follows, received to tho full the burning rays of tlio solar king. Tho boautiful sight from the|spot at which wo woro located, lost, howovor. somo of its charm for me when I was informod that that' particular road, and almost at that idontioal placo w«b re nowned for having been the sceno of the piurdor of one Ilalligaii some 18 years ago. Tho murderers, it would appear, had encamped themsolves in a hut belonging to a man named Barker, orocted a fow yards within tho scrub to tho lett ot tlio track. Halligan was , expected to pass that ;vay , f»r town and with gold in his possession-, and thoso Hands laid in wait for him, captured tho gold, eontliis soul aloft and his body into tho rivor Eitzroy, carrying it in a sack through some miles of bnsh in order to effect their pur pose. After pondering awhile ovor tho oon- I touts of that sack, wo proceoded on our way, and wero soon confronted with very lengthened, glossy, velvety, soft, enticing strips of black mud. It looked beautiful in tho morning light, and we found the work of cloaniug our buggy wheels every 25 yards so refreshing and nice after, tho somewhat crumped positions wo had been erstwhile subjected to assumo. It was close about this locality that n heavy boiler, which was being convoyed to tho Carnarvon Casfclo gold miiio, struck work, aud for oigkt solid weeks refused to budgo ono inch out of tho muddy nost it had chosen to repose in. How ovor, wo managed to got through this modern Slough of Despond, and to pursue cmr journoy on drier ground. Passing the handsomo grouuds of Mr. Jolm Murray, M.L.A., wo renchod Mr. Bennett's resi dence lying on the right of tho roadway, anil woro much struck at the grand strips of oats, lucerne, maize, &c.;, that litorally covered tho selection, whilst in tho gardens fruits of all sorts, sizes, and cou- dii-i -ns muds tho mouth water and tho Dulses beat faster, yearning for a closer ac quaintanceship.' Coursing along onwards, ivo hail the opportunity of inspecting a romnaut of tho old-fushionod " dog- log" fence (called iu Now South AVales , tho " cockatoo" fonce), a moilo of anclosuro long sineo dropped out of dato. Passing Mr. Crook's resplcndont property on tho right ivo roach Deep Crook, and as wo crossed its dry and pebbly course a charming soeno was ppouod out. The placid and oalin Lundagor <)ould not stand this kind of thing and refrain from molting. In tho voice of nn offended (iarthqnako ho domaudod our coicli to at oneo halt tho horses, because come what may ho determined to feast his optics upon the vision of loveliness that was atretoliol out ;beforo liiui. Dismounting from tho buggy, ho skirmished mildly away iiito' the bush, and wo woro ouablod to oatch sundry glimpses of bis form through the foliago as ho ran hither and thithov iu Order to find tho best possiblo spot from jv-hioh a viow could ho taken. At last ho roturnsj announces his firm intention of declining to dio until he has socurod a photo graph of the soeno ; rogrots ho did not bring out iu bis valiso a fow extra plateB, and1 ' anathematizes naturo for not linving pro vided "just a littlo water in tlio crook so as to mako up a kind of foreground." AVo for- gavo our littlo enthusiast, and - wont on. Moro mud anil wheel-washing followod, and wo woro by no moans sorry when, with tho arrival of Limostono Crook, a respectable thoroughfare prosonted . itself, and wq word ouablod to proseewto our journey in somo sort of comfort. At Limestouu Greek tlio scenery wns extromoly protty, imd our friend Lundagor oxprossed moro than ono doublu- forto rogrot that the number of his plates .was limited. ' Wo aro now passing the proliido to tho goldfiobls roservo, which oil tlio- loft stretches away us far -ub . tho eye can ' roach. On tho riglit is -a part of Messrs. Orr Brothers property, 'a . part, of whloh is taken tip by a small .'allotment be longing, I think, to ono of tho family of SraithB. A paddock in tho hands pf- Mr. 11, Edwards is no soouorin viow tliuutogpnio to' Blnokgin Crock, n diBropntable lookiug thoroughfare, with but little to.-rocommoud it to tho notice of a travollor. More downs and additional mud 1 and slush' invade the sanctity of oiir furthor progress, and through tho splaslios wliich risa from the wheels on oither sido of tho vohiolu wo aro enabled to discern the continuation of Messrs. Orr Brothors ground on tlio loft, and Air. Williams' Boloction on -thh riglit. Tho formor proporty, togathor with .a smiillor tract bolongin'g' to Mr. Grant, oxtonds ns far down as tho rivcf Eitzroy, and thoro is' but' littlo doubt that if it had its own way it would 'fravol far beyond' and across it,. :A' short distance furthor ahead Ridgohinds Crook lippoars in sight, as doos a'so a magni ficont spoeimun of tho bluo ginn: growing on tho bank. This scone was too much for Lundagor ; dry plates, wot plates, or dinner plates woro of lio oonscquonco to him wlioffi such a spectacle: as this presented itsolf beforo his'oyos. '"Ho sworo by tho combined' ghosts of ' tlie long-dopartod Ananias anil Bapphira that ho' would havo a pieturo of that view or perish in tho . attompt; -Ho did notporiah. ' " '1'o ba Contiuuoii. 