Scandinavian Ball A masquerade ball by the members of the Brisbane Scandinavian Union was held in the Forester's Hall, on the eve of the anniversary of Her Majesty Queen Victoria's seventieth birthday. Larsen's string band played excellent music, and the floor being smooth as glass, all went merry as the proverbial marriage bell until 5 a.m. on Friday morning. The catering was under the supervision of Mr. and Mrs. Hickey, and was all that could be desired ; of course, as usual in all affairs of this kind "Lager beer" flowed freely. Mr. Youngberg, as master of ceremonies, was inde fatigable in his effort", and gave general satisfaction. Of the costumes worn, some were novel and ridicu lous ; Mesdames Sorensen and Neilson appeared as "Ghosts," enveloped in white from head to foot,and caused much excitement; they soon changed their attire, finding these costumes too warm to be com fortable. The former as "Folly," wore a black and ruby satin dress, from which tinkled silver bells. The latter (Mrs. Neilson), as "Minnie Palmer," wore a short dress of pink material, white muslin overall, and sun bonnet. Mrs. Simpson, as "Snow," bore off the palm for fancy costume; her dress of snow white muslin was dotted with swansdown, with cap to match. Mrs. Kollmar, "Winter," wore black lace, with white pompons all over it. Miss Soderholm, " Japanese Maiden," pale blue and yellow satin dress trimmed with gold bi aid and lace, j looked sweetly pretty. Mrs. "Youngberg, pale blue skirt with flowers of white lace and draped with floral material, pink satin bodice with beaded vest. Mesdames Dreveson and Soderholm, " Daughters of the Regiment," black velvet dresses and caps with gold braiding and carried small whips. Misses Seivers, as "Topsy," were blackened for the occasion, aid wore bright red dresses and sashes with shining beads, and black belltopper hats; their general make up was very good although in some respects overdone. Miss Spangenberg, " Union Jack," looked very well. Mrs Strov, " Tyrolean," short black velvet skirt with red and green bands, white muslin jacket and apron, and velvet corselet bodice; green plush hat, caught up at the side and trimmed with large feathers across thetop. Mrs. Thompson, " Mermaid." Miss Petersen, " Tambourine Girl," handsome dress of black velvet with robe front and bodice trimming of cardinal satin, embroidered with spangles and sequins, scarf and cap to match, and tambourine at her side. Miss Jacobson, "Fairy," white satin and muslin dress, with silver stars dotted over it and trimmed with swansdown, silver crown and wand. Miss Haslam, " My Sweetheart," cardinal satin and tarlatan dress, and large hat trimmed with flowers tied down at the side, and basket of flowers in her hand. Miss Hansen, "Nancy Lee," navy blue, trimmed with white anchors and braid ; sailor hat with blue bind round. The gentlemen in fancy costumes were:—Mr. Strov, "Tyrolese." Master Albertson, "Prince," in a pink satin coat, knee breeches and cap, trimmed with silver. Messrs. Padgem and Rector represented English and Australian "carrots." Mr. Nelson, "Sailor." Mr. Jensen, " Clown" Mr. Peterson, " Salvation Army." Mr. Presley, " Court costume of George the Third," pale blue breeches, stockings, and vest, and a ruby velvet coat trimmed with floral satin ribbon, court shoes, and a white wig, Mr. Simonsen, "Uniform of an English Naval Officer." There was also a '' Chinaman " and a " Postman." Messrs. Hogenson (2), "black and red dominoes." The ladies in-evening dress were as follows:—Mrs. Albertson (Oxford), black merveilleux and Spanish lace, with garlands of white roses and foliage on the skirt, low bodice and short sleeves trimmed with tulle. Miss Hickey, ruby cashmere and plush dress. Mrs. Thombe, black metreilleux and broche, large spray of natural flowers and ferns on corsage, looked very nice. Mrs. Anderson, peacock blue broche lace cloth, with front panel of coral pink surah, sprays of pink roses on skirt, bodice and cap. Miss Donnelly, black broche and lace skirt, slashed with pink ribbons, and a pretty pink and white bodice cut low, trimmed with ribbons and flowers. Miss Keegan, black merveilleux with jet ornaments, and pink ribbon quilled on low corsage and sleeves. A lady from Spring Hill wore a black silk and jet bodice, maize skirt, with draperies of black lace caught up with maize satin ribbon. Miss — Keegan, black merveilleux draped with black lace, the low bodice trimmed with jetted lace, and quillings of pink satin ribbon. A lady attired in black silk and lace, with a lace mantilla and crimson roses, looked very nice. A cream embroidered dress with ruby satin looked very well; as did a young lady attired in a white satin bodice, and ballet skirt of white net. A maize dress, slashed with royal blue ribbons, was pretty. 