GOOD OLD GHOSTS. Two capital ghost stones reach us from the other side of the Atlantic. The first is Canadian, the second comes from Pennsylvania. , Last autumn there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic Railway, near the station at St. Scholastique. A farmer named Brunet was waiting along the at about twelve o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struct him and threw his body 100 feet away, so horribly mangling it that portions ?were found in the branches of a. clump of trees growing beside the track. There have been five different engineers of that train since then, the last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for the resignations was that the clump or trees was haunted, and that there were strange signals given there every night, which alwavs stopped the train and. then disappeared. The engineer who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving up his position. _ It's a ghost or something like it, and. it has bcetTthe causa of four other engineers askin" to be transferred. I first saw the ehostone night two weeks ago. I hau left St. Scholastique, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. 1 had hardly «ot her going when I saw what seemed°to be a red star floating in the air, perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. it "r,>w lar'»or as I got nearer, and suddenly it struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high iu. the - air too high, thought L, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. As I got within 200 yards of the trees the red globe seemed to jump across from the trees right over the track. This all took place in a "horter while than it takes me to tell it. I was startled. The light was undoubtedly that of a siynal lampT and hung directly iu the way of the train. I hadu't time to call the attention of my fireman to it be fore I v.>s ou top o£ it. Frightened and fearful that there was something the matter with the road, 1 whistled down brakes, shut oil steam, put on the air brakes! and stopped the train. Every body was startled The conductor r.m forward and asked what was the matter. I told him, and wo started bnek to investi »ate. There was nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor couid auy footprints be discovered in the snow to show that anybody had been in the neigh bourhood. ^fow, up to that time I have never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the pud. w ellC3. was strangely agitated, and the fireman looked scared. 2>Iy nest up trip was two nights later, and orecisely tho same^ phenomenon appeared. I was scared this time. That it was supernatural I had no doubt, and despite an inclination to bravo the ghostly warning and keep the train going my hands turned off iho steam and put on tho air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. X ex i plained exactly the same way, and we j went on after fading to discover any I reason why a danger signal should lia^ e been used at that particular point. _3Iy fireman then told me that the apparition, "host, or whatever it was, had been seen by four others, who had all got^ other shifts. They couldn't stand it. Kcither conld'l- and here I am, laid off. In the north-western corner of Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub has been raised by a phantom farmer -who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. Tho apparition was first 'discovered about the end of March by a farm hand who was returning lato from courting. Emerging from a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a senulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about the place for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on his'ear. A shiver crept over him a3 he heard the creaking of an unseen harness, and his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a hor3e almost directly before him. At that moment the new moonstole over tho neighbouring tree tops, and in its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined against the dark background, and its two hands held in a steady grasp the project ing handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly outlined in themiaty light, their head3 erect and their eyes flashing fire as they moved hastily along. The young man -waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take tohis heels when ploughman, horse, j and plough suddenly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, tho young man, ( Albert Cooper by name, told this start ' liner story. The crowd adjourned to the alle"ed scene of the ghost's operations to | verily or disprove Cooper'B talc. They j had not Ions to wait. , Without the noises that had warned Cooper the night before, the phantom farmer appeared before the oyes of the seven men who sat upon the fence, or, to bo moro accurate, who almost fell from it in terror. His | lout; white hair and beard streamed in the passing wind. ^ o hat was upon his head, nor could any portion of hi3 faco be seen exccpi the glistening oyes. These shot out from a height of moro than seven feet from tho ground, indicating the spectral granger was _ taller than the average of human kind. About his bodv,=whicli could not well bo traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the terrified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving hor3es. The plough lie leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer j turns the river waves. On he came, the i boraes seeming to exhale fire, their heads ? erect and arching, and footfalls as firm and clear as any the watchers ever heard. ; At tho corner of the field they turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and agaiu passed before the affrighted spectators, who thereupon Ued in haste. On the following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field and see whether any trace of the farmer .would be found. As they came in sight of tho enclosure ono of the number ex claimed in astonishment. " I'll be durned if the thing doesn't plough, Bure enough." He was right. One-half of the lield had been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows were not quite so broad as those made by an ordinary ploughman, bat they were less ragged and more deep, and were as straight as the most experienced eye could make I them. A day or two after the same group Brent out to view the field again, and this time they found that the phantom had finished the work. The owner of the field was one of the number, and he took a solemn oath I that he had not turned a sod in the enclosure. 