Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDISEAS. A friend to everybody is generally a friend to nobody. A penny for one'a thoughts hardly pays to collect them. Naturally enough a person who has been ejected from a place of public meeting feels put out. Pompey Fay*: " I s'picioni dat de reason de sweet* heart am called a ' flame' Ls bekase «he gibs de-light." Smith: " Good for your wife, Jones! I noticed she took off her hat at the thcatro last evening." Jones: "Yes; It was an old hat." " Your father is entirely bald, isn't he T'» gfiid a man to the son of a millionaire. " Yes," replied tho youth. "I'm the only heir he has left." When Marian was asked what she would do if a n!co young Kcntlemim asked her hand in marriage, she naively replied, "I don't think I'd no." "Is Ihe baby $t'ong ?" " Well, rather. You know what a tremendous voice ho has?" "Yes." "Well, he lifts it up five or six times an hour." A little boy who htd been used to receiving his elder brother's old toys and clothes recently asked: "Us. shall I have to marry his widow when he diesi ?" Friend : *' Is the gudewife's neuralgia ony better the day, John 1" John : " Her neuralgia is no sac ill, an* might be endured ; but, loah. man, it's her temper I nn r warst to bear." Mrs. Brief- (who has been reading an article on sleep in a health paper): "John, is it best to lie on the right side or the left I" John fa lawyer): "If you are on the right side it usually isn't necessary to lie at all." Mother (to daughter who is about to be married): " There is one thing I have forgotten to teach you, my dar. It is most important." "What's that, mat" " I must show you whfre a man's pockets are tituated." "You wiy you were discharged from your former pltco for being too industrious." "Yes, ma'am." "Thatfs very strange. What did you dot" "I went down to the cellar one day and dusted the old wino bottles." Mr. Jonathan Trump: "What's the natter with young D-irlinetnn T He's going iuto the conservatory with Dolly Flicker, as pale as a ghost." Miss Penelope Petchblow: " Going into a decline, I take it, from what I know of Dolly." Mips Adelaide Moore, the actress, tells a good story of a Yankee critis of a representation of the " Twelfth Night." "Well,"caiil he, when the show was over, "if this is ♦Twelfth Night,'l am glad I haven't teen the other eleven." Miss Stagestruek: "Do you know, sir, when I recite I am almost carried 'away by my feelings. I forget everything but the part. The very audience seem to disappear." Manager (who has heard her recite): " Can you blame them T " Two Scottish worthie3 were lately criticising the neif minister very severely. R.iid John, tho discontented, about the reverend gentleman, "Weel, ye see, frae Monday to Saturday he's inveesible, and on Sabbath he's incomprehensible." "Ma," said little Johnny Snooper, "why So thef always put in a scythe when they make a picturo of Time I" "To represent the shortness of life, Johnny. Time cut 3 people down, you know." " But when Time shall be no mower, he'll drop his scythe, won't he." Mrs. Thomson : " You don't know how much I am enjoyinpr the professor's lectures on Heroulaneum. So clear and concise ; they're positive revelations!" Mrs. Brown : " Let me tee; who was Herculancum, my denr I" Mrs. Thomson : "I haven't quite made out yet; but he was cither one of those Romanesques, or a Gaul, or something of that kind. There's another lecture to* morrow afternoon." " I say," said Berkey to his wife one day at dinner " you didn't tay anything to anyone about what I was telling you the night before last, did you? That's a secret." "Arecr-.t! why, I didn't know itwas a secret,* she replied, regretfully. "Well, did you tell it? I want to know." "Why, no, I never thought of it since. I didn't know it was a secret." Before the daughter of a rich San Franciscan left home for Europe she mndc out a telegraphic code and gave it to her father. The millionnre didn't look at it, but locked it in his desk. Lust week he got a telegram from her. It consisted of one word, "Laugh." Ho laughed. It seemed something quite pleasant. His code was at the hou3e. He went up there in the best of humour. He got out the code and he raid : " Laugh send me $500." One of Napoleon's veterans, who survived his master many years, was wont to recount with great glee how he had once picked up tho emperor's cockect hat at a review, when the latter, not noticing that he was a private, said, carelessly, " Thank you, captain." "Iv what regiment, pirei" instantly Asked the ready witted eoldicr. Napoleon, perceiving his mistake,' answered, with a smile, " In my Guard, for I see you know how to be prompt." The newly-mado officer received his commission next morning. One Mr. Holme?, hurrying along the road to catch a train, liailel Farmer Jones, who passed him in a gig, whereupon Mr. Holmes asked for a ride. Farmer Jones consented, and all went well for a short time:' but the horse was frisky, and after shying at several object* in tho road, at last set off on a mad gallop, tc the terror of Mr. Holmes, who vns nervous and delicate, and rather afraid of horses. " I say, Jones," he said aJ last, "I'd givo ten dollars to bo out of this." " Hold your tongue, man!" replied Jones; " you'll be out foi Tinfhinj iii leas than a minute." And bo he was. 