NEWS AND NOTES. The Newstead Shire Council invite tenders for several works, returnable on the 20th inst. Particulars will be found in an advertisement. Mr.' H. H. Hall will visit Castlemaine to-day, and can" "be -consulted at-Mr. Pincus*. Mr. A. D. Freeman pays Castle- 1 maine'a visit on Saturday, and may bej seen at Mi. Philpot's.. Changeshave been frequent of iate at the local railway station. Mr. O'Kecffe, of the locomotive branch, has received orders to proceed elsewhere, and Mr. T. Dawes will again nymna command of the engine. John M'lntyre Esq., M.L.A., and the Hon. W. A. Zeal, M.L.C., have generously and -considerately remitted cheques for £ 1 Is., and £1 respectively to the secretary of the Catholic Concert of the 19th inst. in aid of same. Mr. Thomas S. Sampson has been appointed electoral registrar for the Woodstock division of the electoral division of Maldon and the Marong divisions of the Northern Province. Mr. William James has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the same. Mr. Slaiklock, the Temperanoe lecturer, who has been drawing crowded audiences in Melbourne, will visit Maldon about the middle of July. Date &c.; will bo duly advertised in a future issue. Messrs. J. Tobin <fc Co. report having sold the whole of Mr. James Francis's property, at Lock wood, containing over 300 acres, at a satisfactory price. The same firm have a first-class farm of nearly 300 acres on the Loddon River for sale, which .should find buyers without much difficulty as it is tho pick of the Loddon. The Rev. R. W. Cooke, will deliver a lecturc this evening at the Trinity Church Schoolroom, on "Tho Cathedrals of England." Panoramic views will be displayed in connection with the lecture, and songs and glees will be rendered at intervals during the evening. A football match will take place in the Shire Reserve on Friday between the students of the High Schools of Sandhurst and MaldoD. On Saturday the Maldon Juniors make a journey to Sandhurst to play the return match with the West Bendigo Club. Tho annual rifle match between the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the defence force was held at Williamstown on Saturday. The match was won by the latter with a total of 1703, the non-commissioned officers making 1080, and the officers 1369. Amongst those comprising the' winning team was Private Allen of Maldon, who made 89 points. Special services were held at Holy Trinity Church, Maldon, on Whit Sunday, and the congregations were large both morning and evening. The offertories for this Sunday were devoted to the support of the missions to tho Aborigines and the Chinese. The incumbent, the Rev. R. W. Cooke, officiated, and preached morning and evening on behalf of tho missions, giving a considerable amount of information at the evening service of the work that was being carried on. The anthem, " Come Holy Ghost, was rendered at the latter service, Mrs, Rastrick singing the solo effectively. Mr. Einbley, of Castlemaine, has, we informed, signified his intention cf presenting a trophy of the value of eight guineas, for competition among the various football clubs in and around Castlemaine, including the two clubs there, Maldon, Newstead, Guildford. Tar&dale;, &c.; The lulesand conditions have not yet been drawn out, but. will probably be somewhat similar to the premiership matches in Sandhurst and Mjelbourne. Maldon will, however be out of the Tanning, as no club has been formed this year. Let' us hope Sir. Embley'a liberality'will tend to give an impetus to the game here and elsewhere. We would draw the attention of the shire council to the quagmire at the approach to the local railway station, directly on the footpath. For the past week this spot has been almost impassable, and it requires immediate attention, for to remedy it would be only a trifle. Furthermore when this remedy be effected we would Buggest that the cabs, &c.;, visiting tho station be compelled to "enter by one gate and make their exit by the other, for the constant turning disturbs the earthwork opposite the hall door. Perhaps the railway autho rities will attend to this. The anniversary of the Bible Christrian Church Sunday School was celebrated on Whit Sunday and Monday and proved an unqualified success. On the Sabbath, the Rev. R. Warren preached two sehnons to largo congregations in the morning and evening, aud in the afternoon he gave an instructive address to the juveniles. The singing of the children was a pleasing feature of the service. On the Monday a public tea was given in the church, and, despite the large attendance, entire satisfaction prevailed, and edibles were found in abundance. A public meeting-followed in the Temperance Hall, the Rev. R. Warren leading on, who was ably as slated by the Rev. Mr. Webber {of Daylesford). The recitations, dialogues, and singing were highly appreciated, and brought forth maoh applause. Messrs. Schmedes, Hopkins, and Cousins accompanied the singing with their instruments and Miss Mollard presided at the piano. A match at lawn tennis was played, on Whit-Monday between the Maldon and Maryborough Clubs on the court of the former. Some interest was attached to the meeting, as the ladies of the Maldon Club were in good form, however the, ladies from Maryborough came as spectators, and the ladies' match did not come off. In the first set Messrs. Tatchell, and De Nully beat Messrs. Carr and Pauil by 10 games to 8 after a closely contested game. Messrs. Carr and Paull then defeated Messrs. Tulloh and Elsworthy by 10 to 2. Messes. Tulloh and Elsworthy then beat Dr. Farr and Mr. Peirce by 10 to 5 after a good game, and Messes. Tatchell and De Nully beat Dr. Farr and Mr. Peirce by 10 to 1. The match resulted in a victory for Maryborough, the total games being Maryborough 24, Maldon 16. After the match an extra set was played when the best pair of the Maryborough team, Messrs. Tatchell and De Nully, were beaten by Mr. Paul! and Dr. Farr by'10 > to"9. After being entertained by some members of the Maldon Tennis Club the Maryborough team made for home, and some credit must be accorded them for making the long trip when the weather and the roads were so bad. The following stoty of a monkey is vondied for on good authority:—A large ourang-outang was very much attached to his master aud to the baby boy, who was the .pet of tile whole family. One day a fire suddenly broke out <n the house, and everybody was running here and there to put it out, while the little boy in Ids nursery was almost forgotten, and when they thought of him the staircase was all in 8»iri» What could be done? As they were looking up and wondering, a large hairy hand and arm opened the window, and presently the monkey appeared with the baby in his arms, and carefully climbed down over the porch, and brought the child -safely to his nurse. Nobody else could have done it, for a man cannot climb like a monkey, and is not nearly as strong. You may imagine how the faithful creature was praised and petted after that. This is a true story, and the child who was saved was the young Marquis of Kildare. ifoughtjtt „ _ don "m? measured fir-inches m diametBT, ana l- weighed a SBe over 3Ibs. j At the Jaldon Police Court, yesterday, before Masrs. T. B. Davison and T. Hannay. J i.P., M. Gallagher was charged with using abusive language, - - . and also . with obstnptmg the police in the ex ® cn " j tion of thei duty and damaging the police- I man's jack _ Defendent was fined 10s. ] or 48 hou 3 imprisonment on the first j charge, an( £2 with £1 damages, or 14 I days imprisnment on the second count, j Neither mpe's story of the , | l0TerB klUed« nailu Neweof IBT May) the narrative oi me sulden fate of Eliza Jackson and | her little dWhtar, aged 2, as told in the j coroner's cmrt at AHwoodley near Leeds. 1 Jackson curving her child, and accompanied 1 bv her sist3 Elizabeth, also bearing in her arms an inunt of about the same age, left the cottagefi a friend at Pennyfund about 1 6.30. intheievening, on. their way to their ( mother's base. The afternoon -had been fine, but leavy clouds had overspread the sky and'1 lain-jwas. beginning t* fall. Burdened *s they were these two poor young women oou|d make no progress, and Eliza Jackson wis further retarded by having to hold up an iunbrella to protect her little one and herself as best she might- With each step 1 the storm increased its severity, and shelter there was none. Suddenly," as they were walking down a cinder path one before the other, there was a blinding flash. followed instantaneously by the crash and 1 continuous roll of heavy thunder. Elizabeth j wh» was in front was struck down by the conenssion, and fell upon her face, her baby flying out of herarms and falling practically unharmed, some few yards in front of her. The mother tried to rise, bnt found that her back had been injured, and that she was for the moment unable to see anything. She fell forward again, but soon afterwards her ner BlgUb sight reimmwA tinrued to w her, JIUI, and null she a lie. managed usnuagcu to get up. Her first thought was for her child, whom she found on the ground a little ahead of her. Then, continues the sorrowful narrative, she turned her attention towards her sister, who was lying on her face, with her little girl partly beneath her, a few yards behind. She spoke to her, but receiving no answer hurried off for assistance. When she returned Eliza Jackson's clothing was found to be burning, as was the umbrell which she had been carrying, the metal frame work of which was twisted into fantastic shapes. Both mother and child were dead. On a subsequent medical examination tho bodies were found to have been charred in some places and terribly discolored nearly all over. The tops of the deceased woman's boots had been rippedoff, and her dress aud skirts burnt through from the waist downwards, the rest of her underclothing I adhering in some places to the skin. Some | notion of the force of the lightning stroke I may be formed from the fact that the path I way where the deceased fell was found to 1 have been ploughed up to a depth of about j 6 inches for a distance of several feet. The escape of the other sister and child, though in such close proximity, is remarkable. In j the opinion of the coroner the explanation probably was that the deceased alone was J carrying an umbrella, the metal tipped point 1 and framework of -which would necessarily act as conductors. The practical lesson is that it is better to be exposed to the drenching rain of a thunderstorm than to trust to umbrella's treacherous preteotion. The celebrated German remedy for bums I is make as follows:—Take of the best white 1 glue fifteenounces, break into small pieces, add to it two pints of water, and allow it to j become soft; then dissolve it by means of a water bath aud add two ounces of glycerine j and six drachms of carbolic acid; continue the heat until thoroughly dissolved. On cooling, this mixture hardens to an elastic mass covered with a shining parchment like 1 skin, and'may be kept for any length of time. When required for use it is placed for a few minutes in a water bath until suf-1 ficiently liquid, and applied by means of a broad brash ; it forms in about two minutes a shining, smooth, flexible,and nearly transparent skin. On Monday morning at Castlemaine, the I house of a Mr. Donald Patterson was entered during the absence of the inmates, and I nearly £12 in cash, two gold studs, twol watches, chains and lockets, altogether J valued at between £30 and £40, were stolen. Mrs. Patterson left the house at 9 o'clock to post a letter, aud having locked the door, placed the key in a recess of the verandah. Returning at 10 cfclock, she found that during her absence some person unknown had taken the key, entered the premises, ransacked the bedroom, taken the vuluabl ^ ^ T ^ r h l d ^ i f 6 ^ I matter has been reported to the police, but; up to the present no trace of the thief has i been fonnd. A little story was told by a lady lately abroad, which 3Ilastra.tes' the moral ob- 1 tuseness that is sometimes seen in the fair 1 sex when they covet the goods of their ] neighbours which they cannot obtain legitimately. The teller of the story was in Rome, and had by much care and trouble collected a large number of photographs of penons and places which she wished bound up with the letterpress of a favourite work of fiction. For that purpose she went to a Roman, shop aud left her book aud photographs to be bound, while she went on a \\*isit to Naples. On bcr return the man of the shop, who was a German by the way, informed her that though the carelessness of his boy the book had been lost after binding, and he was very much troubled both at the loss and being a very poor man, at having to make it good to his customer. Though rather discouraged, the lady duplicated her former collection and succeeded in getting it into the form that she -wished without further I mishsji. Soon after, when showing the 1 volume to a friend in Pans, she was told I that Mrs. Blank, an American lady of considerable social position, had the s»me I volurae illustrated in the same way, and 1 on further inquiry, found that her fair j country-woman, having left a law;e order j for books at the same Roman shop, saw and wished to buy the volume left there 1 to be bound,' and which was then ready for the owner. The shopkeeper told her it was not his, and refused to part with it, vatil-she declared she would counterma&d; her order, and that she would buy nothing from him ""<•«»* he would sell her that particular volume and tell the owner he had lost it. At last, rather than lose a profitable trade, he did so, and the book now reposes among the valued mementoes of an American lady of taste and fashion. There is every indication that Professor I Brown's system of eradicating the Cali-1 fornian thistle will be a success. The scene of the experiment is atMr. Gates' land, at Leigh Creek, and the land jias now been ploughed five times. What thistles remain are of week growth, and with a few more plonghings the pest is likely to be exhausted. Mr. A. J. Forbes is trying a. substance called scrub exterminator on his land at Warrenheip. The chemical kills the roots to -the depth of about a foot, but ehoots sprout up from below the depth. A second treatment may however, be more successful. FLOEIUKE !—FOB THK TKETH AKI> BREATH —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline' sprinkled on a wet tnoth-bnish produces pleasant lather, which thoroughly <deanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. „ It removes ^ortSfe I ^ T l o ^ e , " ^ composed in part of Foney and sweet herbs, S delicious to tile taste, and the greatest toilet 1 discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all} Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depSt 1 33 Faningdon Road, London, England. Messra. A. H. Halfoldand Co. report:— \- L- - . „ 1-1 i—'^dV wet 1/-IKSSto^rtS on j^-rate^tor *he balk of. the supplies. We sold 'as under—Cheese.—- Appin Factory, 7id- S EddiBgton, 7d. Salt Butter.—Sales very hard to make and only at reduced rates. Fresh Butter.—Demand for all best dairies very strong. aH sent in at la. Id. to Is. 3d., tbt bulb bringing Is. l|d., other lots, 10&. to Is. Eggs.—Supply falling off, brisk competitions at 2s. 2cL io 2s. 2Jd. for -Hie lot Carcase pork—Every sale well supplied. We sold at 4jd. to 50. Lard, 5d-; Honey—Best geuden, 3d.^ baoon, 8d.; hams, 9id. to " fay.—Turkeys,12s. • fowls, 2s. 6d- to3s. 6d arid-ducks 35. fid. Fruit-Large catalogue i - -i - — There are (says the Inglewood Advertiser great cause for thankfulness and vet some provocation to laughter in connection with an incident which occnrred last week. ui I which a well-known hotelkeeper ot the ] borough and a resident of the neighboring township were concerned. The latter haa the brought usual _m amount the carcase of chaffering of a pig, he and effected after a sale, "in bulk/' to the publican. Some hours afterwards he returned to his home, and something which then occurred caused him to rush in hot haste to the local police station, where he entreated the officer in charge to gallop in to Inglewood, and prevent the .'euttinglnp or use of the . carcase sold by him *Htat^mornuig. The constable naturally desired to know the reason why, and then the murder came out. For the love of Heaven, constable, do aa I ax you, or they'll all be poisoned. When I came home after selling the pig, it suddenly ] struck me that the body had been scalded 1 in a tub which I had not long before -mixed j arsenic to poison the rabbits. Holy saints, if you don't go soon, there'll be murther." J While preparing for his mission, the eon stable suggested diat the vendor of the pig would have saved much tame if he had gone to Inglewood himself, but the latter stated | that the trouble -was that he had spent . all the purchase money, and dare not face the j purchaser empty handed. The constable found the carcase of the pig intact, and all the publican requested was that the vendor should at once remove it. The following grovel comes from Adelaide in connection with the laying of a local foundation stone. Keep your seats please while reading it:—" Mr. W. Culley (church a treasurer) handed to the Rev. J. Bickford a suitably inscribed silver trowel, and asked him to perform the ceremony of laying the stone. The foundation stone, which was of kapunda marble and bore the usual inscription, was placed in position, and the Rev. J. Bickford declared it to be truely and well laid. He expressed the satisfaction he ex- I perienced in performing such a ceremony for j the fourth time. Be had used a mallet th was handled by the Dute of Edinburgh wh he laid the foundation stone of Prince. Alfre College wad thi» would if possible increat loyalty to the throne. Hurroo! as they say the classics, the reverend gentleman seemed to have lost his head over grabbing | things that have been " handled by the Duke of Edinburgh." The British Medical Review says that the death rate in the case of brewers, publicans, commercial travellers, and other classes exposed to the temptation of frequent alcoholic drinking, is six times greater than in all other industries combined. There is a mild panic in the drapery trade in Melbourne just now. Dismissal and intimations to leave at an early date are of the most wholesale charaoter, and in some cases 1 wot of firms are reducing the number of I their employes by a score_ and more. The reason seems to be that socially a dull winter I is expected ; that it is assnmed that there -will be few private dances gi*~en ; that 1 Government House is likely to afford less I employment to the modistes than before, an I that, generally, we are in for a bad time, The firms are saving themselves by rej stricting expenses, and those whom they I employ are growing pallid with the fear of having to face a dull winter oat of work. During the year 1888 the land leased and licensed by the Lands Department amounted to 1,599,320 acres, exclusive of the grazing licences and the goldfield licenses, which cover aa area of 120,000 acres. This is the busiest year's work since 1S73, when the transactions involved 1,831,353 acres. On Sunday afternoon, at Sandhurst, the funeral of Mr. J. B. Watson took place, and was largely attended. His will was read afterwards, but the contents were kept seeret. It is rumoured, however, that he only left £100 a year to his wife, the remainder of the interest boing divided among his children, and the whole of the principal to be divided amongst his grandchildren. The most embarrassed man in the United correspondent) i, Luther James, of Aim Arbor, Michigan. He is an eccentrie old bachelor. An uncle who recently died left him a fortune of fifty thousand pounds upon condition that he would marry within the next five years. This fact was published in the newspapers, and now this poor old gentleman, who is a confirmed woman-hater, has to employ a secretary to attend to the letters which come from fair and lovely applicants who are anxious to assist him to comply with the conditions of bis uncle. A shock has been caused by the discovery that a small farmer in the Ashbnrton district, Canterbury, named John Rodgerg, who was apparently in well-to-do circumstances, was bringing up his family as perfect savages. On the police visiting the place the eldest child, a boy of 11, bolted like a deer. Three others, aged nine, seven, and five years, were secured! The mother died three years ago. The father had goue away the day before the police visited the place, intending to be rbscnt a fortnight, but had made no provisions for his family. All the food that was found in the house was a lamp of bread. Furniture there was nonei not even blankets, and the place was filthy dirty. The children were scantily dad in dirty rags, aud though the nights have been frost}- have slept under the hedge. With all this they appeared very healthy, and the raw turnips, which constituted the major portion of their fo^ appeared to agree with them. They were intelligent, but had the habits of young savages.. The — children have been removed from the custody of their parent and sent to the industrial schooL The father caught the eldest boy, and was "taking him to town with a chain on him, but the lad gave him the slip and got away. Louis Coolia, 63 years of age, an ironfounder at Montlucon, in Switzerland, is said to have the longest beard in the world. He is 5Ht. in height, and his beaid is 7£ft. long. When walking about, he winds it round his neck like a scarf. theage of l2 Lonis was obliged to shave, . 1 the hau T growth was so strong that he was soon forced to put the razor aside. When fourteen years old he had a brown beard nearly -12in. lohg. The beard is now grey, bat is still growing. Coulin has all along refused to exhibit himself, although he was offered £2,000 two of three years ago by a well-known English showman for a single trip. It is strange that the name of God should ] be spelled in four letters in almost every 1 known language. In Arabian it is Alia; East India, Zeul or Esgi; Egyptian, Zeut or Aurnn; French, Dieu; German, Gott; Greek, Zeus ; Hebrew, Adon ; Irish, Dich ; Japanese, Zain; Latin, Deus; Malayan, Eesl; Persian, Syrs; Peruvian, Llan; Tartarian, Tgan; Turkish, Addi; Scandinavian,. Odin ; Spanish, Dios; Swedish, I ^Sdd ; Syriac, Adad ; Wallachian, Seue. | Mr. David M'Grath, president of the j Creswick Shire, has entered die field in op- S e ^ t o S r M ' ^ * G^f TilIe electorate. Electric shock.—Sensational news from England. The original Appropriation 'Bill,'—Bill I Styes. 