PHOO MI O.SS18P. A quist corner in a crowded London, hiouse in the height of the: Londo reason ; palnm .trees and exotic ferns raising their feathery: arms overhead; masses of roses dispersed around ; the air heavy with perfume;' intense: heat tempered by huge blocks of icj placed in ounningly-contrivcd nooks ; a dazzle of light at the.cnd of a long gallery, and a vision of all thaat is loveliest and.weilthiest aid .most fashionable in the world oe 1' on s'a'niss; the intoxicating strains of the newest walcz. played by the best band in London; a young man and a young woman, unheeding.- and unconscious of their surroundings, oblivious: to all save tlhemselves and each otiher-in short,.' the old, ol0i story.' But there is nid happiness apparent on either countenance. On the young mian's, anger and pain are striving for the mastery;'- o the young woman's appear anxiety and impatience. At length lie says, in ai low, trembling voice, ' And only ttus morning you 'gave me your promise.' 'I: know I did,' she answers .hurriedly. 'But I told you to say nothing about it to anyone. You've not done so, have you?' He shook his head. ' You see,' she went on, 'you took me so by "surprise, and t'hardly knew what I was saying.- I felt even then that I must have time to think it over. and now I've done so, Siiad I fiudit's no use drcaming of it. I shimply canrot, Caarlie. It's no good allowing onesetf to have feelings. Oio muast profit oy what one -sees amongst one's friends. I have known so many who have married for love; and regretted it before the year was out. And I'm not good tempered when things go wrong; and I can't do without luxuries and comforts, and all that I have been used to, as some girls can. We should only be miserablei and grow to hate each other, and I don t want that. We can only be friends, you knIow. There is no reason why we should quarrel' the usual sophistry of a girl who wishes to disentangle herself when the man to whom she has given every possible encouragement brings matters to a crisis. A look of acute suffering came into the young fellow's earnest eyes as he listened. ' So be it,' he said, with a sigh, ' since so it must be. But it is worse than useless to talk offrielndship, for the present, at all events. You know as well as I do that friendship between us now is either impossible or wicked. You throw me over now because I am poor, not, as I understand, because you do not care for me, or could not do so if you allowed your feelings to guide you. Tellme, is this sot' '0O Charlie, don't torture me!' (How cleverly they do it, these women, of' the world !) 'I have shown you that it is im possible for me to marry you. Dount let us talk any more about it. We shall both of us forget it after a bit; and, as I said just now, we can always be friends. Let us go back into the ballroom. I have thrown over two men already, and some of them will be hunting us out if 1 stay here any longer. You're not angry with me ?' she continued, laying her hand on his arms and looking into his eyes with the winsome grace which had bewitched him and held him captive for months past. For one moment he laid his other hand on hers and heldit fast; then by a strong effort he mastered his feelings and dropped it, and, rising from the sofa where they were sitting, offered her his ann, saying, 'Angry ? No. It is not a question of anger any more than of friendship. You have given me greater pain than I have ever had to bear in my life, but I have no doubt I shaliget over it in time, as many another manhas donebeforeme; but not till I have put some thousands of miles between us, and made it ihpossible to meet you again.' '0O Charlie !' she exclaimed. ' What are i you going to do? You wont go to the bad becase of this ? Promise me that you won't do that.' A eurious expression crossed his face as he replied gravely, 'No; I trust I may never come acrosam any one, man or' woman, who iwould make sucha fool of me as that. But I' cannot risk meeting you again, for many, many years, at all events. I don't at all know yet what I shall do-for I confess, Janet, I did think you cared for me and meant me to know it. However, let that pass. I shall go away somewhere, anywhere, at once. You will not see me again in London after to-night, and, perhaps, never in your life even hear of me again. But if you ever should, I promise you it will not be anything "bad." &iere; is St. John, coming to look for you, I suppose. Good-bye ! I hope you may find some richer man who will love you as well, and devote himself to you as truly as I would have done.' Five minutes later the young woman was dancing and laughing and flirting, the gayest \- of the gay; no cloud on her brow, and no apparent sign of trouble to mar- the serenity with which she received the universal homage paid to her beauty. And the young man was walking to his lonely lodging with grief at his heart, and striving hard to repress the tears which would rise to his eyes. A few days later great was the consterna tion expressed, and many the questions asked, in the mess-room of one of the crack cavalry regiments at Aldershot, when it was known that Charlie Vavasour had sent in his papers. 'It's either money or a woman, you may take your dick,' opined a youth, with a face as smooth as a girl's; ' there's nothing else possible.' All his hearers laughed, forit was no secret that the boy himself was in a chronic state of misery on both scores. ' I doubt it,' said an older man. ' Charlie is: not rich, but he is "his own father and mother." He has never been extravagant, and always seems to have money when he wants it. And as for its being a woman, I suppose I know him better than almost any one, and I never knew him care for one more than another. No, no; depend upon ithe's \- chucked up in disgust at not being able to get to the Cape. I know he would have given his eyes to go on service and get his promotion soon enough to give him a chance of comnmanding the reginent one of these days. If that is his reason, I must say I think he's wise to go at once. What's the use of a man grinding on half his life, and then having to leave nolcens tolens when he's too old to begin on anything else ?' But no'one ever knew the truth; and so after a time Charlie Vavasourwas practically forgotten by his old comrades, as every one is forgotten who disappears from the whirl -Ten long yearn have-passed away, "'and Charlie Vnvasouris standing on the ptaforn of the railway station at Winnipeg, the capital of \anitoba-the large town which has sprung up as though by magic in the midst of the boundless prairie. He has gone through miny vicissitudes and trials, but ha steadily worked his way through them all, and is now a rich man, and the owner of one of the largest and most flourishing ranches in the Far West of Canada. All through these ten long years he has periodically been seized with a craving for ' home.' But it is only lately that he has felt himself justified in yielding to his desire. Now, however, he is on his way to England, and has stopped at Winnipeg on business, which, being settled, he has srolled down to the station to watch the arrival of the train going west, whilst waiting the time for his own departure east wards somne hloum's later. The train is ' on time,' as the local phraseology has it, and the passengers, who have spent three weary davs and nights in the cars, hiirrny out, even those who are going on farther being axions to stretch their legs and gain what enjoyment they may by waking up and down the platform during the half-hour whlich the train waits. It is thebegnuinog of winter; the snow lies thick on the ground and a piercing wiudisblowing. N?everthele.s, they all turn out, only too glad to escape for airhile from the stifling atmos phere of the overheated ears. A woman stepped dowvn from the colonists' 'sleepin, car. She was badly clothed, and looked dirty and untidy from long trvelling; but something about her struck Vavasour as familiar, thlough he hardly saw her face, which was hidden from him, whilst she helped three children who were following hdbi to descend. TYWhen she turned round, he started violently, and, with a muttered ' Is it possible!' strode tonwards her. 'Janet!' was allhe could find voice to utter. - For a moment, as she looked up at the brpnzed and bearded man who thus e dressedher, she failed torecognise.him.- But only for: a" moment'; : and,'then'' `.Charlie il Mr: Vavasour ! eou hero I" brokeo' froi her: lips, while a crimson ush rose to her for e head.' o.. .eroi. e.- • - " I. 'They gazed dumbly n i ea1c-other oi sdr' seconds, and thea one of the'cluldren'plueked: at iler gown, crying, 'lWhere ,is :father.? le' hasn't come to meet us. He said he wolid.' It broke the spell; and Vavasour, recover inghimsolf, asked, 'Whatia the meaning of this? :What brings.you here? " ' - ' Ah !' she oxclaimed :bitterly; 'you may well ask. You don't know; of course you've never heard. I've sometimes wondered whether you might have seen in a newspaper, or heard from any one at home, that 1married' Cotbain Mossope-vyou remember Bob Mossop!' .Remember him! Of course he did. One of his own brother officers;ithe son of a wealthy stockbroker, and the richest man in the .regi meut: an admirable rider, and a cheery, generous young fellow, popular wherever he went, but a confirmed gambler. ' You married Mossop i' Vavatsour exclaim ed,. as an inkling of what was to follow iassed through his mind. ' Where is her? What brinis him out here ?' ' I cannot tellyou allnow,' shereplied, ' but we are ruined-have lost every farthing. We came to America four years ago, hoping that he might find something: to do. He tried everything; but we have gone on from bad to worse, only getting deeper and deeper in debt. At last he came here, and has .found some work, loading ballast on the tricks ; so .he wrote to me to bring the children, and saidho would meec me if he could, or,.if not, I was to go to the . - house'. (naming one of the meanest hotels hi the place, where all are bad), 'and wait for hium there. Imust go there now, the children have had no breakfast; but do come and see me later, and let me tell you all. O, if you could help us to something better!' Whilst she spoke, the spell which had held Vavasour for all the ten years past was rudely broken. Was it possible that this querulous, hard- featured woman was ..the beautiful girl whose memory had haunted him by night and by day ever since that memor able night? A sort of anger rose up in his heart against her as he thought of the long, weary exile he had endured for her sake. But pity mastered selfish feeling-pity not only for her, but for his old comrade and their innocent children, so he promised to seek her later inthe day. When he reached the dirty, rowdy tavern which she had named as her destination, he found that Mossop had been there, but had again gone to his work, so he waited, and whilst doing so listened to the detailed ac-. count of their misfortunes. It was a sad, but, alas !.not altogether ex ceptional story. Clearly she had married Mossop 'for his money, and for two or three years they had lived a life of undboiunded ex travagance. In,his mind's eye Vavasour couldpicture it all-thecareerof aprofessional beauty and a reckless gamble; a house in London, a hunting-box at Melton, a moor in Scotland, a yacht at Cowes; open house everywhere on the. most luxurious scale; a large tacing establishment, with more than doubtful horses heavily backed; high stakes and unheard-of bets at poker and baccarat; a futile attempt to recover losses by criminally desperate gambling at Monte Carlo; and then a crash in the City ; a father not only ruined, but disgraced, and disappearing no one knew whither; Bob Mossop himself with his wife and three children literally beggars, and owing large sumss in every quarter ! ' You know,' she said, ' that I had nothing, and it was worse than nothing, for I owed my dressmaker several hundred pounds. I meant, indeed I meant, 'to pay her as soon as I was married and had some money of my own. But I don't know how 'it was, I always seemed to be wanting more and more things; and whenthey knew I'd married a rich man, they left olff bothering about being paid, and I went on, thinking I could pay them whenever I chose; and then, when we'd lost everythin'", it was dreadful the way the bills'oaui pooerng in. O Mr. Vavasour;, if you only knew what I've gone through these last five years you would pity me, in deed you would ! Bob took a vow that he would never touch a card or bet a sixpence again in his life, and he's kept it religiously. But no luck ever seems to come our way, unless meeting you should be so. Do try and help us I Just think what it is for me, after all I've been used to, to have to do anything for myself and him and the children. Look at my hands !' Hard and rough and scarred they were, indeed, unrecognisable. But Charles Vava sour had learnt many things during his exile, and amongst them that soft white hands were by no means a neeessary accompaniment of thequalities which he loved and reverenced in a woman; and the hardness or softness of those now heldup for his commiseration was about the last thing he would at the present moment have heeded. The shattering of his idol was as yet too recent for him to have fully realised how completely and irreparably it was broken, and he was, moreover, full of that kind of tenderness which a man seldom entirely loses for the woman whom he has at once hoped to call his wife; so during her pitiful recital he had been turning overin his mind the possibility. of finding suitable work on his ranche for his old comrade. But her selfishness shocked and grieved him, and it was, therefore, in a somewhat abrupt manner that he rose to depart, saying, as he took his hat, ' I am very sorry for you, and do not at present see my way towards helping you and Messop. But I will think it over, and should be glad to see him once more if he can manage to meet me at the station half an hour beforethe train going east leaves.' He held out his hand, which she took in both of hers, and then, with. a shadowt of her 'old grace, said, 'You are no married?' 'Not yet,' he replied. ' But when I return I shall hope to bring a wife with me. 'I am tired of loneliness.' What prompted him to this answer he could never have told. Until that moment no idea of marriage ever crossed his brain, and six hours preiously he would have sworn to live and die trne tothememory of his one ideal. She still held his hand, and, looking up in his face with her haggard, faded eyes, said in a low voice, 'Charlie, I must tell you; I never really cared for anyone but you. I sent you away because I wanted to marry a rich man. But I hated doing it, and have to eeeyeu again.'. ,. He dropped her hand quickly, and said very sternlyv; 'Neverlet me hear such words again, Mrs. Maossop. The past is the past, and you cannot recall it. Let it rest in its grave for ever. Good-bye I' and without anotherlook he was gone. An autumn morning in the most perfect of autumn climates. The sky without a cloud, air more invigorating thannwordscan describe, and not a breath of wind. Charlie Vavasour and his wife are riding quietly over the prairie. They have been for a wolf-hunt with their deer- hounds, and after two capital runs have ridden on to an outlying part of the rancho, Where Captain Mossip has charge of some horses and cattle. They have had a cup of coffee with him and his family in his comfortable though.rude l~o?-lut, and are now on their way home to 'I cannot think where I've seen Mrs. 3Iossop before,' says MIrs Vavasour. 'Do you know who she was, Charlie? I seem to know her faco quite well, but can't remember where I've seen it.' TVavasour hesitates for a moment, and then says, 'Do you remember 'a photograph I showed you of Janet Ethoridge P' 'That lovely girl whom you said was the only one you ever cared for until.you met me ? Yes; of course, I remember her. You eaid she was dead.' 'Forgive me, dear,' he says, 'smiling, 'I only told you half a truth.' Her ghost still haunts the world, aud you have seen .it this morning.' 1Mrs. "avasour for a second or two looked puazzled. Then riding close up to herhusband and laying her hand caressingly on his arm, said: * You meant that all that'hid'madeher lovable to you was dead?' He nodded. 'Ah, Charlie I then now I can unddorstand whyyou 00 .often speak of her i6s "'.Poor' rsa. Ifossop "' " 