THE STORY-TELLER. A SMUGGLER'S LAIR. By A SEAFÀBEB. I was lately taking a walk nader some high white' cliffs ejong a broad platform of 'brown Band in company with an old nautical friends ' We were full of talki, chatting away over past times, t>f chaiges that hal happened, in the Merchant Ser- vice and the like, when he came to a halt abreast of a flat front ef rock striking giddily down betwixt two groin-like spires of cliff, as if this formation had been artificially buttressed up,' though it was as purely a bit of nature as any other fart of the coast. " Look at those holes," e exclaimed, pointing tu three or four apertures yawning black to the'strong , white light in the atmosphere, ^ Aged warrens for the' running goods," said I. "Ï wish they werie not out of reach," he" exclaimed. " I have sometimes thought that holes ant corridors in clifs, like those youder, should be worth exploiriug. . Lengths of the coast all round England ' are Uonôyc3mbed. Surely there uiust be a deal worth fiudiug still hidden iu some of those black silent recesses." I shook ? my head. «.* What is to be mefc/witb f": said I. " Any . bverlooTced contraband stuff Will have rotted ages ago but of all value. How shniitld a bale of silk, for in- stance, look after a century of storage in the heart of a cliff 1 How sbonld tea taste,; how should tobacco relish af ter a hundred years f" "Well how,*' s aid.he, passiug his arm throngn mine and marching me forwards, "instead of falliuginto an ar- gument on à ground-work of pare specu- lations, Fil spin yon an Al copper-bottom smuggling yarn, as true as that sky over, oar head is blue, or call it mottled for the sake of accuracy. It'll do something to discredit that shake of the head of yours. Dopend upon it, my friend, there are more things under .earth and hidden in the black heart of such old nodding ter- races as these here than are dreamt of in any sort of philosophy short of what goes tn the manufacture or fiction for boys. " It will have happened sevou yea-s ago come the fifteenth of next mmt'.i. My poor wife had been dead a yoar ; my sou Tom-my only child you kuow-was at sea on a two years' voyage, aud I was living alone in London. My income was small-as it is worse luck!-but I had made up my mind to quit the sea once and for ever, and I could find nothing that pleased me to do ashore to enable me to add to the interest I obtained out of my slender investments. Well, there came a loathing for London upon me. I sick- ened of the ceaseless roaring of the streets, the selfish shoving and shouldering of * crowds, and seemed to draw my breath with difficulty for the want of an horiz m. A sailor is a dock in more than tho sweet sense which the ladies have in mind when they apply the term to him., rte must live near some sort of water, if it bo only ' Ball's Pend. A hankering after old ocean took possession of mo : I felt tin iu a house on top of a cliff, a good tu escope within reach of my hand, plenty of baccy in the locker, regular processions of ships right abreast of my front windows, aud a longshore Jack or two to spin a yarn with, ? life would pass more m er Hy with me than ever it would at lower Clapton. So one morning I weighed, and started to look for a house on the coast. No matter the name of the district : you aro just t'-ie man to go . and print what Tm telling you. spite of your sleepy look, as though you were keep- ing one ear for yourself, giving me the other ; and you'll find out why caution hus to be the word with me by the time I through, as Jonathan says. It was a bold seacoast, a range of cliff higher than theso by twenty or thirty feet ; desolate and wild by milos, with gaps aud chasms . through which you could see tho ocean like a bit of a great lid- less eye peering through as though to get a riew of tho land beyond ; flocks of grey and white gulls fetching odd human echoes out of the rocks with their puppy *" dogs' saw-Uko cries, And a big surf with the weight of a large sea io it rollin!; in like clouds of st »am and dissolving in thundir. There wa« a very little town of houses, saarce more thau a village, hang ;ng iu a queer sort of hod. Ile to the eye on a slope in a bight of the coast, with a ra- vine sm loth as a carriage drive, but mighty et*ep, coming on down out of the unin street to the aa, ida at the base. To the right of tnis. pl vie-call it to the North, rather-something within a mile of the ? town, et »od a s ¡nail house, a kind of c »ttage, stoutly built of greystone, wit i a roif aud chimney stach fit to outlive a century of gales, lt was to let. The owner WA» a cobbler, a little withered min in horn rimmed spectacles, whose broken down shop hardly suggested the occupant as a- householder. He seemed astonished when I asked to look at the house, aud theu grew very nimble and oáge<-, bust- ling about for tho kays, while he praised the magnificence of the view fie build- ing « "uimauded. * It is an old boase' said I, as we walked rowarls lt. ' Old (enough to be seasoned,' said lie, '? old enough tn ba able to : keep its legs when the , wind blows. No rattling of vindies in that house; no smoking of chimbley*. Ne'er a better house in the United Kingdom. My precious eyes ! what money's been put , into it,' ' Loug unlet f" said I. ' Well, not long enough to < hurt,' said he. ' Who ¡lat-toreupied.it?' 1 inquired. 'Why, I Admiral Trunnel,' says he, 'he used to say (the house kept him alive* He'd ha' died long-afore but for his being so par- tial to the building.* We arrived at tho houso,aod I iuspectediiti It was built like a line-of-battle-ship, ss weatker-tightastsuc ture as heart could desire. The rooms were small, bnt they yielded me all the accom- modation! required. At the back was a kitchen, a bit of a wing, as strong as a -fragment cf fortress. Jf you've got any wines lo stow,' said the cobbler, * there's a regular vault downstairs.' 'Let's have a look et it,' said I. : He lifted the latch of - a strong, thick, wooden door.et tho extremity of the passage, and 1 saw a flight of stone steps sinking' into darkness. ' Gut .e'er a lucifer . about yo P' I said the .cobblers 'I; fear you won't be j able to see without a light,' I had a box of wax matches iu my pocket, one of which I struck. -Tho cobbler lei tho way. 1 held the little flame abore my head and by the feeble light of it -witnessed a large, low pitched, cavernous ¡ chamber, wit'i ¡walls that had loing ago been white- washed, but wera now -grimy with the soiling fingers of Time. There were many huge cobwebs clustered about-the corners and* ceiling, ; s like curls ' and feathers of tobacco smoke hovering in the stagnant atmosphere. The. earthy spell of the interior satisfied rae that it was dry. 'This vault will be of no use ta mo,' said I; 'bnt lt is ont of the road and not damp, and it is effectually shut off;9 I inquired the rent as we mount-id the stone steps. T|ie price he named > wa« absurdly small ; and as tho; building per fectly accommo lated itself to my want tu every respect, I arranged with him then and there to take it, and returned with i him to his shop to sign au agreement. " I got my furniture from Liidon. aid it- was not long before I had settled dows in my new home. Oas servant sufficed to attenl to my want-«. .She h id been in my service two yews, and wa* very weli co:itant to leave Lo idon to live by th< sei, but she winced when she first sam the house and when sho sont a look along the desolate line of coast to right anti loft. I slept at au inn at the adjacent town whilst my furniture was on th< road, and had asked questions about mi new home, but those of whom I inquirec had nothing to tell me beyond that-then was a tradition in the neighbourhood thal the house had been built in the beginning of the century by a man who had growi rich as a receiver of contraband goods and that for a long while there was t deal of smuggling done through him, an« those who followed him, down to the titm when the contraband business pretty nig' died ont, thanks ti a wiser policy o Gustoms dues, backed by the steadfas patrolling of the Preventive men. Tba was pretty well all I gathered, and th%n waa nothing in it to make anything ol It was late in October when I occnpiei the house for the first time, and it blei half a gale of wind that night. Heave bless me, it was like being at sea agaii what with the roar of the wind all tha way up, the* shrieks of it down the wid chimneys, the groaning of the breaker away down a hundred feet deep, and th warring noises of sea hurling against se coming for leagues off the dark, wild sui face of the ocean I However, I slept Uk a too, but my servant, a Londoner, was good deal scared, aud scarcely closed li« eyes. Next day she came to me with face as long as a wet hammock, and toi ma that the grocer's assistant who calle for orders had told her to mind her ey for the house was haunted. * With what! said I. ' Ho didn't know,' she ausweret 'What does the. fool want to stuff sue rubbish as that into your head for F' sai I. 'He said an old admiral lived hei about four years ago, and died in tl [ room you boccupiee, sir-sho pointed 1 the windows-and that the obbler that owues the property sent his darter, win is since gono id wi, to sleap i(i the house f ir a w tek, in order to h »ir it after the admiral's body had bern carried away; and she step* two night« ia the house, aid thou wen*, home and took ill, saying that she'd nc jived a fright ; but what it was the cobbler kept locked Hp in ins boa »rn,' * Tush,' fried 1, 'get ab »ut your work, n»w, Mirlha. There's nothing worse haunts this h .u6¿ than a: grocar's assistant, 1 dire say.' ' Well, all weut s noothly for a weak. Airead/ I was feeling t*ice as luvirty as ever £ did in London. Th* cobbler came up to see how I gtt on, and I told bini I was well sttisfied, as, indeed, I had reason tj be. fir I don't iniad telling you f only pud eighteen prauds a year rout for a house w<>rth' every penny of fifty as I should bavj thought. Then came a Sunday night. I had walked over t i church in the morning, and the doctor of. the village, a smartish young fel- low, who hadn't boen there very long, looked' in in the evening, aud betweau us we killed a couple of hours very agreeably, helped by a whisky buttle an 1 a pipe of tobacco. He 1 ;ft me at tou, and half an hour la*er I weat to bel, after, according to my custom, seeing the doora and win- dows secure I and the fires out. It. was a middling qrî t night, mW, with stars to the horizon, and a gast of wind now and again coming, over the edgj of the cliff, ina sort of whailing noise, to my window*., AH, . saying: that mise, was of a death like stillness, as you may believe, not even the crawl of the snrf vexing the quiet of that lonely stretch of coast... I got into bad, read for half an hour,, the.?,blew ou*, the liifht and fell asleep. I was awakened by a tap- ping- on the door. It was pitch dark, with just a spot of yellow light abreast of my bed, the reflection through the key- hole of a candle shining outside. 'Who's thereP I sung out. 'Me, sir, Martha,' answered my serrant. 'What's the matter?'I inquired. 'There's a bell-a ringing somewhere in this house, sir.. It's; a; fearfully searing epuhd. I'm awfully frightened, sir.'. ' Wait a minute/ I called, struck a light, drew on some clothes, and opened the door. ' Let's hear this bdl now,' said L She was as white as a ghost-, and her, candlestick shook in her hand. I sprained my ¿ar, but. could catch 'catch nothing resembling the. sonad of a. bell. I listened fer minuses with the utmost patience; nothing was audible but the muffled crying of the wind about the house, 'XouTe in a dream, Martha,' said J. ' There-there jt is now sir ! D'ye , hear it ?,. Listen !' she cried!. Snre enough as she spoke I distinctly heard a dull smothered sound as ot the clang of a bell, whence proceeding it was. impossible to conjecture save that the uots mad) one thiuk of it ai tolliug un- derground. . Elor tho matter ot that it might have passed for the rattle of a chain dragged.overa s'one floor. 'Den* ced odd!' I exclaimed, not liking it at alt ' But it is no house-bell.' We had but two, ia short-ape for the housa door and one for the parlour, and both were hung in the kitchen, and rang clearly enough when pulled. Is this the ghost they talk abaut P I thought. ' Get you back to bed, Martita,' said I, TH see to this. There's nothing to frighten one in the sound of a bell. Away with you, now; leave your door epen, and when I've discovered the cause of the noise, I'll sing out to you.* The only weapon I owned in the wide world was an old sword that had belonged to iny father, a formidable-looking bit of iron when unsheathed, with a life coming into one out of the grip of the hilt of it that made one feel about a foot taller. A pistol is very well, but I would rather face a difficulty with a weapon of this kind than with a firearm, though as big as a blunderbuss, and full of slugs at that. Âs a man might swallow a dram for the Dutch courage it yields him, so I gras;n tion as [ could obtain outr of it, and holding i he caudle over my head I made my way downstairs. I halted in the passage, and listened. All remained still for some minutes; then I caught the faint tones of a bell muffled as jbeforo, but audible enough. I was now cock- sure, however, tnat the souiid rose from the botton of the house, underground, and at a little distance away, too ; where- upon I lifted the latch of the door that led to the big vault or cellar below, and de cended the steps, holding tho candle high, peering wtih all my eyes, with the point of my sword in advance of me, ready to run amuck and tilt at the first shadow that should flit iu front of me. The bell ceased ; but whilst I stood listeuingan gazing rouud at the gloomy walle, with their hidious tap- estry of cobwebs, I was sensible of a low vibratory stir in the atmosphere that I in- stinctively set down as the trembliug or echoeing of the cliff to the beat of the breakers at their base. Tho bell chimed again, dull, sluggish, muffled, a< most funeral note. Where ou earth did the sound arise fron ? It seemed as though it were tolled in some next room. I tried the right wall with my sword, and found it as har.l as ceweut; then fie left-it was equally as impenetrable. I a Ivancod to fie wail directly fronting the stone steps and j-'Hhed il . Tho blade penetrated here ! I put the sandle down and scraped a bit, I discovered,that there was either a door Jet into fie wnll or that au aperture lind be >n seale I up with timber ; but whitewash aud dirt and cobwebs made it look all one with tho other walls. Whilst I paused the bell tolled once more. I was now p »si i i ve that the sound pro cee led fro n the co upar tenant beyond this wooden barrier ; but, to make quite sure, I scraped a smill portion of ir elene with the sword a id kid my ea - flat against it, and then m ist unmistakably I heard tho bell ringing within vory slowly, with a stoppage of som ; minutes, t.ieu swaying agaiu. I s'ool considering. The con- clusion I arrived at was that there was a vault simi was in just beyond, that it probably sloped in a smuggler's corridor, to an outlet in the cliff, and that wind, blowing in uncertain guests tliroug this tunnel, swung some small bell that h?d been suspended for the purpose that eau only be conjectured. This theory fully satisfied me, J lingered nevertheless, another ten minutes but the bdl rang no more. I then returned to my bol-rooin, calling as. I passel ti Martha that I had ascertained the cause of the sound, .and that I would pat an end to it in the morn ng. Before breakfast next day I should nvd a chopper, armed myself . with a candie; and descended into fie vault without saying a word to the servant. I closed the staircase door after me to still 3 the sonnd of the blows I should be presently dealing. A night tear, a* a rule, cuts an insignificant figure by daylight; but there was no diylignt down here; the darkness was, indeed, as at midnight, and I must own to feeling a bit nervous, though I felt some comfort in the chopper. I felt about over the wall with the edge of it, and having distinguished the timber from the solid part I let fly. I am strong in the arms, and the chipper was a heavy oae, and, after I struck eight orten times; crash flew a bpard as thick as a plank, followed bya sweep cf ice-cold air that extinguished the candle. ' This I re- lighted, and applied myself afresh to < what I now easily mide out to be a row of «tout planks nailed ts crosswise hanmer ¡ above and below, coming out flush with j the walls pf the cavern in which I stood, and hermetically closed a small arched' doorway, the keystone of which, to call it si, cime a little below my chin. In a short time I had knocked as mach of the plank away as enabled me to enter ; then ' sheltering the fltme of th) caudle from the strong ice-cold draught, I pissed int >1 fuis oater room. You may imagine the momentary terror, however, that pos- sessed me ou my witnessing, in the corner of the cave, the figure of aman completely dressed, with his arm raised. < I thought he was alive, but he remained so stirless that I took heart and ap- . proached him by a few strides, when I perceived that he was a skeleton. The skull grinned at me nnder what was ap Èarently a far cap. His coat came to his nee?, to the height of which were drawn a pair of great jackboots. He was in a squatting posture, with his back to the wall and hts lifted left arm I perceived was supported by its clutch of the handle at tho extremity of a chain attached to a small bell that hung very noarly over his head. As I stood gazing at the ghostly * object- in silent horror a gust of cold wind came in a loud and melancholy moan through a black orifice that was un- doubtedly a secred avenue through the cliff to the beach, the rash of air caused the skeleton's arm to sway and the chain vibrate, though not sufficient motion was imparted to make the bell ring. How- ever, I could see how it was, so, to put an end to the unholy midnight sound, I re- i leased the bill handle from the grip of j skeleton hand, and the arm dropped to ! the figure's side with a slow settling down that was infinitely terrifying." My companion paused. . " Well?" said I " I suppose you reported the discovery and the skeleton was carried away P" " Nothing of the sort," said he. " I went upstairs, ate ray breakfast, and fell iuto a train of reflection. How was I to know but that, there was good booty to come at in that cave by hunting for it ? I took a lantern with nie downstairs after break- fast, and a couple of candles as well, so as to obtain a good light, and passed an hour in a keen, thirsty search, striking every inch of the wall in the dream of obtaining a hollow echo, carefully examining- the floor sud ceiling, and penetrating the black corridor by a few feet, though, I dared not go further for fear of a hole. My friend in the corner watched me with a mocking grin. Well, the place was as empty as Old Mother Hubbard's cupboard, and I was about to withdraw, much dis- gusted by disappointment, for my secret hopes had been very considerable, when I thought I would overhaul the pockets^ of my silent companion. It was an ugly job, but that was all. I very gingerly felt his coat, which had a great pocket on each side, protected by a flap. The feel of ike I cloth sent a shudder through me. lu the right-hand pocket I found a tubaceo-bos, a tobacc »-pipe of a very singular pattern, a greasy pack of cards, and a leather flask; but on dipping into the left-hand pocket I pulled out a bag sn heavy that I guessed in an iufltaut what I held. The mouth of it was secured by à rope yarn. This I cut with a trembling hand, and found the bag full of guineas. Here is one of them, said ho, showing ino a coin that dangled at his watch-chain. " OE conrso, you stnsk to the mom»y ?" said I, " Indeed I did then," said he. " I took the bag up s'airs, locke! the parlour-door to keep friend Martha away and counted ont two hundred and eighty-seven guineas, in guinea and half-guinea pieces, all of them of George lll.'s. time, clea» and most agreeable to handle." " Did you remain in the house?" "No," he answered. "I took à sudden dislike to it. I knew I should never be aWe to keep a serrant ji the news of the discovery got abroad, auJT then between ourselves I rather dreaded the approach of the long wintir's nights and their howling winds with such a memory as that nf the skeleton in the vault to carr? to bed with nie. So next day I told Martha that we were going ; and having arranged with a man in the adjacent town for the removal of my fur- niture to a lodging that I took until I . could find another house, I called upon. : the cobbler and put down a year's rent. .Tm. off." said I. " Why so ?" cried the shrivelled little fellow. " Go iiito the cellar," said L " with a lighted candle, and yotf will find out. I'll look in again here . in the course of a few hours." I did so. and found him at work. " Well ?" said I "Well," he answered, "you're quite right to go." And so the matter ended." "Is not that a sort of story," (said I, " Which you would tell to the marines, bat which you would not get the sailor?* ti believe ?" " Erav accept it a* a twister,13' j said he, With a sly look and a dry smile, I " for than vou won't think it worth nriut -Daily Telegraph. -y ? . 