ABOUT CLOCKS. Everybody, or almost everybody has seen the model of the Strasburg Clock. Whilst viewing it one's thoughts naturally revert to other clocks, and the marvellous ingenuity diaplayed by man in this one particular. A Hindoo R.jah tells of a marvellous clock that belonged to a certain native Indian Prince. Regarding it as his greatest and most precious treasure, this Prinee therefore guarded it most jealously, and it was only as the greatest favour that outsiders were permitted a glimpse. By some fortunate circumstances the Hindoo Rajah obtained a sight of the wonder, and tells us the following curious facts concerning it. Right in front of the clock's disc was a gong swinging upon poles, and a pile of what appeared to be a promiscuous E heap of skeleton human limbs. This was not, however, the case, as the bones were really the parte of twelve human bodies. When the hands of the clock pointed to the hour of one, the number of parts belonging to the frame of one man crawled out from the pile, and with a metallic click adjusted themselves in perfect frame. Then seizing a mallet struck the hour of one. The deep resonant sounds reverberated through the palace, and scarcely R had the echo died away ere the skeleton returned to the pile of hones, falling again to pieces, in which state he lay for the space of another hour. Then as two o'clock came round he rose up again, but this time accompanied by another gruesome companion, the two striking the hour in concert. Again retiring as before till ihree o'clock, and then was seen the adjustment of three skeletons and the striking of the hour by a bony trio. So on, according to the hour, until noon came round, followed by the uprising of the whole twelve bony automata, all striding up to the disc in a row, and striking each one a blow with his mallet, afterwards retiring and falling one by one into his respective pile. The most careless, looking upon such a sight, would not fail to reflect on earthly vanities, and the question would naturally arise as to what these men had been in their earthly existence that now, having discarded the flesh, their bones were not suffered to rest in the orthodox manner, wut hour by hour were doomed to be disturbed by the relentless hand of time. Figuratively, as ail are aware, time is represented as an old man with bad head and rugged brow over which hangs a forelock of grizzled hair. In his gnarled and knotted hand he carries a scythe and an hourglass. From his shoulder blades sprout a pair of wings. This is the generally accepted mythical Time, but in the " Talisman" we are told that " Time is but a shadowy name, a succession of breathings measured forth by night with the clank of bell, by day with a shadow crossing along a dial stone." Happily we are no longer thus primitively restricted in the measurement of time, as the many and wonderful contrivances for that purpose .can testify. It would occupy too much space to attempt to describe more than one or two, which for their quaint originality, are wonderfully interesting and curious. The clock in the Cathedral of St. John, at Lyons, may certainly be deemed one of these. Made in 1598hy Nicholas Lipp and improved by Morrison in 1661, its antiquity can be seen at a glance. Twenty-five years ago it was in wonderful preservation; and as caretakeis are specially appointed it may for many years continue to delight the inhabitants of Lyons, and all those fortunate enough to obtain a view of it. In this wonderful clock the days of the week are represented by Beven figures, each of which on the coming of the day it represents takes its place in a certain niche and remains there till midnight. The minutes of the hour are marked on an oval plate, and each minute is pointed out by a hand which insensibly contracts and expands as it makes the revolution. In a gallery underneath the clock a door openB on one side every three hours and a figure of the Virgin Mary comes forth meeting that of the Angel Gabriel, which emerges from a door on the other side. The figure of a dove, symbolical of the Holy Ghost, hovers over the head of the Virgin. When these figures retire a monk comes forth from a middle door lifting up hiB hand as if in the act of giving the benediction. - At the same time a cock, which stands on the top of the clock claps his wings and crows three times. Scarcely a town apon the Continent that cannot boast of its own peculiar time-piece with its procession of saints or other pageants, bat they can hardly be included among the list of those which may be termed of a thrilling nature, and worthy separate descriptions. Miniature clocks with their perfect mechanism are extremely interesting. Almost incredible as it seems, they have been known to keep perfect time when only of the size of in. Perhaps the most unique of its kind ever constructed was that presented to the Emperor of China in 1866 by the East India Company. It was in the form of a chariot in which was seated the figure of a lady. Her right hand hung over the side of the tiny vehicle, and immediately under her taper fingers was a timepiece not larger than a shilling. On the lady's forefinger rested a bird of the most minute imaginable size. The wings were extended, and the whole bidv glittered with precious stones. The small frame, not larger than one-sixteenth of an inch, concealed some mechanism which, by touching a diamond button below it, caused its wings to flutter. A double umbrella was fixed over the lady's head by means of a tiny-fluted pillar. Under the largest of those umbrellas a bell was fixed which had a hidden communication with the tiny clock, and by means of which a hammer was made to strike the hour. Twn birds flying in front of the chariot appeared to draw it, while behind stood a boy apparently in the act of driving his winged steeds. The whole being made of virgin gold, set with precious stones of almost every variety, created a most dazzling effect. Musical clocks, once such a rarity, are now almost common, and even vocal clocks are not unknown. Electrical clocks, transmitting time as they do, are distinctly among the marvels of the present day. The transmission, managed as it is, is wonderfully interesting- The indicator is fixed and furnished with a clock face, the axis carrying a hand or indsx. The oscillation of a pendulum kept going by electricity, moves round the communicating disc, and in this way correct time may be transmitted from one good clock to a dozen or more others. Apart from these wonderful and extraordinary inventions, to what a triumph of mechanism and cheapness have ordinary timepieces now arrived. Every household —even the humblest and poorest—may possess a clock. And they may be termed a comparatively new invention, being improved within the laat two or three centuries, and only arriving at their present perfection at a recent date. Boethus invented the first improvement in the hourglass, which, faulty though it was, foreshadowed the clock. Our ancient forefathers took measure of the departure of time by means of sun, moon, and stars, birds, beasts, and flowers, relics of which were handed down to us. Who has not seen some toddler gravely blowing and puffing at a thistle down to ascertain what o'clock it is ? The first sundial was erected in mighty Rome, and afterwards water-clocks, or, as they were termed, clepsydrae were introduced. Aristotle and other ancient writers mention these curious instruments, which, as their name implies, were of Grecian origin. Pliny tells us that each one marked the third of an hour, and Julius Caesar is said to have found a water-clock among the natives when he invaded Great Britain. The Brahmins still divide the natural day into 60 hours and measure time by the running of water by means of a copper bowl having a hole in it; and water-clocks are known to have been in use in India in the twelfth century. The advantage these water-clocks had over sundials lies of course in the fact that they were able to work all night as well as all day; but great and many as the improvements were that were made, it was soon found that the water became frozen in severe weather, thus leading to the invention of hourglasses. How strange it would seem to revive some of the ancient customs in these our modern times—Curfew bell, for instance ? The ancient bellman perambulating the streets ringing his bell as each hour of the night passed would without doubt be voted an intolerable nuisance. Colonel M'Cue (with dignity)—" I assure you sir, my word is as good as my bond." Grimsby—" Exactly, my dear colonel. That is why I can't take it," Bridget—"Shall Have the hall lamp burnin', ma'am ?" Mistress— " No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones wont be home 1 until daylight. He kissed me three times before he left and gave me 20 dollars for a new spring bonnet." "You have a great deal of wind here, don't you enquired the tourist. " Well, ye es " said the native, " we have, but "—brightening up—" it doesn't belong here; it all comes from away up in the north-weBt somewhere." "What did you marry my eon for V fiercely demanded an old gentleman of a clergyman who had just united his runaway scapegrace in the holy bondB. " One guinea, sir," meekly replied the dominie, "to be charged to you." 