A Hardy Norseman CHAPTER XIV. BY EDNA LYALL, Auttor of '* Donovan" " Wt Two". "In the Golden Days," "Kwght- Emmt," Sfic. -: THE cemetery just outside the Stadsport at Bergen, winch had called forth the eager admiration of Blanche Morgan in the previous summer, looked perhaps " even lovelier now that winter had come with its soft, white shroud. The trees, instead of their -green '.'leaves, stretched out rime-laden branches against the clear, frosty slcy ; the crosses on the graves were fringed with icicles, which, touched here and there by the level rays of the setting sun, shone ruby-red, or in the shade gleamed clear as diamonds again the background of. crisp white snow. Away in the distance Ulnken reared his grand old head : majestically, a dark streak of precipitous rock showing out now and then through the veil which hid his summer face; and to thenght, m the valley, the pretty Lungegaarsvand was. one great sheet of ice, over which skaters glided merrily. ' "'..; _ ":'/• ; The body of 'Sigur<i; Falck rested.beside tliat of his wife in the nndst of all this loveliness, and one winter afternoon Sigrid and little Swanhild came to bring to the grave their wreaths and crosses, for it was their father's birthday. They had walked from their uncle's bouse laden with all the flowers they .'bad; been able to collect^ and now stood at the gate of the cemetery, which opened stiffly owing to the frost. Sigrid: looked older and even sadder than she had done in the first shock of her father's death, but little Swanhild had just the same fair rosy face as before, and there svas a veiled, excitement and eagerness in her manner as she pushed at the cemetery-gate; she was able to take a sort of pleasure in bringing, these birthday" gifts, and even had 111 her heart a keen satisfaction m the certainty 'that "Their grave" would look prettier than any of the others. " No one else has remembered : his birthday," she said, as they, entered the silent graveyard. "See, the snow is quite untrodden. Sigrid, when; are they gomgto put fathers name on ;the stone ?" and she pointed to: the slanting marble slab which leant against 'the .smaU cross; " There is only mother's name still Won't they put a bigger, slab instead where there will be.room for both? ", "Not now," said Sigrid, her voice trembling. '.;••••• -. vi; ..!;': " But why not, Sigrid ? Every one else has names put. It seems as if we had forgotten him."• "''<;•;•'.' ..." " Oh, no, no," said Sigrid, with a sob; "It isn't that, darling; it is that we remember so well, and know - what he would have wished about it." .'" . "I don't understand," said the child wistfully. " It is in this way," said Sigrid, taking her hind tenderly. "I cannot have money spent on the tombstone, 1 because he would not have-liked it. Oh, Swan- ! hild !—you must . know it some day, you shall hear it now—it . was not -only his own money that was lost, it was the money of other people. And till it is paid back how can I alter this ? " Swanhild's eyes grew large and bright. " It was that, then, that made him die,' she faltered. " He would be so sorry for the other people. Oh, Sigrid, I will be so good;.! don't' think I shall ever be. naughty again. Why didn't you tell me before, and. then I shouldn't have been cross because you :- wouldn't! buy me things?" '-•' . " I wanted to shield you and keep you fiom knowing," said Signd " But -after all.it is better that you should hear it from me than from some outsider." " You will treat me like a baby, Sigrid, and I'm ten years old after all—quite olc. enough to be told things . . . And oh, you'll let me help to eain money and pay back the people, won't you?" • •:• ^ " 1 hit is what Fnthiof is trying to do," said Signd, "but it is so difficult and so slow. And l ean't think of anything we can do to help." ..' • -:.." ^-if'M.y^Cvi "Poor dear old Fnthiof," said wanhild. And she gazed away over the frozen lake to the snow mountains which bounded the view, as if she would like to see right through them into the big London shop where, behind a counter, there stood a fair-haired , "Norseman toiling bravely to pay off those debts of which she had just heard.' • " Why, - on father's last two birthdays Fnthiof was away in Germany, but then we werfe: looking fornaid so to having him home again. There's nothing to look forward to now:" Signd ~ could not reply, for : she felt choked. She- stood sadly watching the child as she bent down, partly to hide hei tears, partly to replace a flower which had slipped out of one of the wreaths. It was just that sense of having nothing to look forward to which had Weighed so heavy on Sigrid herself all these months5; she had passed veiy bravely through all the troubles as long as there.bad been anything .to do; but now that all the arrangements. were. made, the villa' in Kalvedalen sold, the furniture disposed of,thenewhomeinher.uncle'sh6usegroHrh familiar, her courage almost failed her, and each day she realized more bitterly now desolate and forlorn was their':posii turn. Thefirst sympathetic kihdniss 'of her aunt -and,cousins had, moreover, . had time to fadea htfie,andshebe'ca!rie growingly conscious that their -adoption into the, Gronvold family was an incon- venience The house was comfortable hut not too laige, and the two sisters occupied the only spare: room,.so;tIiat:it ^as no longer possible to have visitors. lhe 'ncome was fairly good,-but times were hiid and even befoie their -aifival 1 1U Gronvold had begun to practice "a f ew little economies, which increased tuning..the winter, and became more apparent to all the family "This was depressing enough , and then, as Swan nua had said, there was nothing to which she could look forward, for Frithiofs , Pwspects seemed to ,-her altogether ; blighted, and she foresaw ihataU%e<wafe iuely to earn Cor some lime >to ;come would only suffice to-keepihimself could .by no possibility support',ithree people Very sadly she Pausing again to f te, wh.le S llower-baskets child" 411 ''"W^hat ^ «orse to fastenlhan'tS s 'gnd glanced round, Hushing vividly met the L r i^gren, one offethiof^&olfcSadri; [he greetings w e i e „ mftgt,* sides and of 'sixteen into one 1 ' fluid's aju „„ L pt us leave between WartoV f Now lorvaia two-olaefajim been n\ a position of -authority he was unusually: old; for his age. As a friend Sigrid liked him, but of late she had half; feared that he wished to be more than a friend, and consequently she was-snot;, well pleased to see that, by the time the gate was actually shut, Madale and ' Swanhild were far. in advance of them: •"Have you heard from Fnthiof yet?" she asked, :walkmg on briskly. • " No," said i Torvald.. " Fray scold him well for me when you next write. How does he seem? In -better spirits: again?" " I don't .know," said Sigrid, " even to me he writes very seldom. It is wretched having, him so far away and .not knowing: what is happening to him." : . I : wish there was anything .1 could" do ic«r him," said .Torvald, "but there seems no chance of any opening out here! for him." "That is what my uncle says. Yet it was, no fault of Fnthiof's ,-: it seems hard that he should have to suffer. I think the 7 world is very cruel. You and Madale were almost the only friends who stood by us; you were.almost the only ones who scattered fir branches m die road on the morning of my father's funeral." "You noticed that?" he said, colouring. " Yes; when I saw how . little had been strewn I felt hurt and sore to think that the others had shown so little respect for him, and grateful to you and Madale." " Sigrid/' he said, quietly, "why will you not let me be something more to you than a friend ? All that I have is yours. You are not happy in Herr • Gronvold's house., Let me take care of. you. Come,and make my house happy, and bring Swanluld with you to be my little sister." " " Oh, Torvald! " she cried; " I wish you had not asked me that. You are so good and land, but—but " • "Do not answer me just yet, then] take time to thmk it over," he pleaded ; "indeed I would do my best to make! you very happy." . .. .:" i know you would," she replied, her eyes filling with tears. "But yet it could never be. I could never love you asa wife should love her husband, and I am much too fond of you, Torvald, to let you be married just for your • comfortable bouse." : , • . : " Your aunt led me to expect that; •perhaps, in time, after your first griefhad " Then it was very wrong of her," said' Sigrid, hotly. ."You have always been my friend—a sort of second . brother to me—and 0I1, do let it be so still. Don't, leave off being-my -friend because of this, for ihdeed I cannot help it." -,. "My only wish is to help you," he said, sadly; "it shall be as you would have it" And then they walked on, together, in an uncomfortrble silence until they overtook the others.at Herr Gronvold's gate; where Toivald grasped lier hand for a moment, then, looking at his watch, hurried Madale away, saying that he should be late for some appointment..: Fru Gronvold had unluckily been look-; ing out of the window, and had seen the litSe, group outside. .She opened the front door , as the two girls climbed the steps. :,." Why did not -the Lundgrens come in ?" she asked, a look of annoyance passing over her thin, worn face.: • "I didn't ask them,"said Sigrid,blush- "And I think Torvald had some engagement," said Swanhild, unconscious^ coming to the rescue. You have been out a longtime, Swanhild, now- run away to your practising," said Fru Gronvold, m the tone which the child-detested. :"Come in here, Signa, I want a word with you " Fru Gronvold had the best of hearts, but her manner was unfortunate; from: sheer anxiety to do well by people she often repulsed them. To Sigrid, accustomed from her earliest girlhood to come and go, as she pleased and to manageher father's houser :this-'manner. was_almost intolerable. She resented interference most strongly, and was far too young and. inexperienced to see- besveath. her aunt's dictatorial tone, the real kindness "that existed. Her blue eyes looked defiant as : she - marched into the 'sitting-room, and drawing off her gloves began to warm her hands by the stove. .. " Why did you not ask Torvald Lundgren to come: in ? " asked Fru Gronvold, ;; taking up her. knitting. " Because I didnjt want to ask him, 'aimtia^/v.v^-v'^ "But you ought to think what other people wantj not always oti-yourself" , . • •-." I did," said Signd, quickly. " I -knew, he didn't want to come in." - ' "What nonsense you talk, child 1 ." said -Fru Gronvold, loiitting. with more vigour than before, as if she vented her impatience .upon, the sock she was making. "You must know quite well, that .Toryaldadmires you very much ;' it is mere affectation to pretend ; not to see what is patent to all the world" ;!{. I do not pretend, 3 ',said Signd; angrily, hut you—you have encouraged him to hope, and it is unfair and unkind of you. He told me you had spoken to him." w; : "Whati lie has proposed to you?" said fFru Gronvold, dropping her work. " Did Tie speak to you to-day, dear ?" " Yes," said Sigiid, blushing crimson.,.' "Andyou.saidyouiwould.let Jiimhave ' his answer.dater on.. -I see; dear, I see. Of course you could notask lum ,m." ; •: d "I said nothing of the sort, 1 ' said Sigrid, vehemently. "I told him that t I could never think af marrying him, we have always been " "My dear child," cried Fru ^Gronvold, with genuine disbess m hei tone, "iow could you be so foolish, so blmd to all your own ntcrc _ ts? He i a nost ex cellent fellow, good and steady and rich —all -that heart could^ivish 3 " There, 1 don't agier -with you,' said Sigrid, perversely ' I should 'wish my husband-to be very different He is just persistently, and inflicting deeper wounds the more she dwelt. pon them. " She wants me to marry him so that she may be .rid of the expense of keeping us," thought the poor girl. "She doesn't really care for us a bit, for all the time she is grudging the money we cost, her. But I - won't be such a bad friend to poor Torvald as to marry him because I am miserable here. I would rather, starve than do that. Oh 1 how I hate her maxims about taking what you can get!; Why should love and equality and a true union lead to imisery and mischief?, It is the injustice : of lowering -woman into a mere pleasant housekeeper that brings half the pain of the world, it seems to me." Butby the time Sigrid had lived through: the . long, evening, bearing as best she might the consciousness of her aunt's disappointment and vexation with her,' another thought had . begun to stir in her heart.:. And when that night she went to her room her tears/ were no longer the tears of anger, but of a miserable loneliness and desolabon She looked at little Swanhild lying fast asleep, and wondered how die refusal would affect her life. "After all," she thought to herself, " Swanhild would have been iappier had I accepted him.: She would have had a much nicer home, and Torvald-would never have let her feel: that she was a burden. He would have been very land to us both, and I suppose I might have made him happy—as happy as he would ever have expected to be. And I might have been: able to help Fnthiof, for we should have been rich. Perhaps 1 am 'losing this chance of what would be best' for everyone else just for a fancy. : Oh what am I to do ? After all he would have been: very kind, and here they are not really kind. He would have taken such care of me, and it would surely be very nice to be taken care of again.'? :•:••'• And then she began to think bf her aunt's words, and to wonder whether there might not be some truth in them, so • fl&t; by the time the next day had dawned she had worried herself into a state of confusion, and had Torvald Lundgren ap-, proached . her . again might really have accepted him from , some puzzle-headed notion of the duty of being practical and always .considering others before yourself. Fortunately Torvald did riot appear, and later in the morning she took her perplexities to dear old Fru Askevold, the. pastor's wife; who - having- worked early and late for her ten children, no w - toiled for as many grandchildren, and into . the. bargain : was -ready to be the, fnend of any girl who chose to seek her out., In spite of her sixty years she had a bright, fresh-coloured face; with a look of youth about it which contiasted curiously with.her snowy hair. - She was little and .plump and had a brisk, cheerful way of moving about which somehow recalled to one— t^'The bird..that about ;p.iir:.3pq^ When autumn winds are sobbing, , . The Petei of Norway boors Their Thomas in Finland, urtsf'-i; 4 - . • :'. And Russia far island. The bird, who by.some:i)ame,or otlier,, . : :. •^te.^owit'lj^'ji^Arotfer?':, V " Now that is charming of you to come and see me just at the very right minute, Sigrid," said Fru Askevold, kissing the girl, whose face, owing to trouble and sleeplessness, looked more 1 worn, than her . own. " I've just been cutting out Inge^ borg?s new frock,- and am jvariting to. sit down and rest a little. What do you think of the colour ? Pretty, isn't it ? " " Charming/' said Sigrid " Let jne do the tacklng^for you." "No, no; you look tired, my child, sit own there by the stove, and I will tack it together as we chat. -What inakes hose dark.patches feeneath.your eyes ?,".,: " Oh, it is nothing. I could not sleep "Because you were worrying over sometliing. That does not pay, child ; give it up. It's a bad habit" - " I don't think I can help it, 3 ' 'said Ssgrid "We all of us have 'a natural tendency that way Don t you remember how Fnthiof iiever could ^leep "before an 1 jex^ounation'''" ">* you have to do is justto shut yourears to all the well-meaning but false maxims of the world; and listen to. the rvoice m your .own heart. Depend upon it you wifi be able to do far more for Fnthiof and Swanhild if you are true to yourself, than you would be able to do as a rich woman and ait unhappy wife." : ; V ^ - : Signd was silent for some minutes. . " Thank you," she said at length. "1 see things much .more''clearly now; last night I could only, see things- through. Aunt Gronvold's: spectacles,^^and I think they must be very shortsighted ones." - Fru .Askevold laughed merrily.. ^ " That is quite true,"'slie said. " The marriages -brought about by scheming lelatives may look promising-enough at : first, but in the long run they always 1 bnng trouble and misery. The true marnages are made m heaven, Sigrid, though: folks are slow to believe that.: .: Sigrid went away:comforted, yet never-: tlieless life was not very pleasant -to her just then, for although she had the satisfaction of seeing Torvald: walking; the streets of Bergen without any signs of great dejection in his face, she had all day long to endure the consciousness of her aunt's vexation, and to feel m every little economy that thisneed nothavebeen practised had she decided as Fru Gronvold wished. It was on the whole a very dreary Chnstmas, yet the sadness was brightened, by one little act of kindness and courtesy which to the end of her life she never, forgot. For alter all' it is that which is rare that makes a deep impression on us. The word of praise spoken at the beginning of our career-hngers for ever m our hearts with something, of the glow :of encouragement and hopefulness" which it first kindled there; while the applause of later years ghdes-off us like water off a duck's ; back. : The little bit; of kindness, shown in days of trouble is remembered when greater kindness during days of prosperity has been forgotten^ It was Chnstmas-eve. Signd sat m hpr cold bedroom, wrapped round in an eider-down quilt She was readrng over again the letter she had, last received from Fnthiof, just one of those short, unsatisfying letters which of late he had sent her. From Germany lie had written amusingly enough, ; but. "these London -letters often left-her more unhappy than they found her, not so much from anything they said as from what they left unsaid. Since last' Christmas all had been taken away from her, and now -it seemed to. her that even Frithiofs love; was growing cold, and her tears 'fell fast onthethinllttlesheetpf-paperwheres had tried so hard to read love and hope between the lines, and had tried-in vam. . A-knock at the door made her dry her! eyes hastily, and she. was relieved to find that, it was not' her cousin r Karen,. who entered, lut Swanliild^Avitli a sunnyiface •and. blue eyes dancing with excitement "Look, Signd," she cned, "here is a parcel which looks exactly like a present.! Do make haste and open it." •:. ;:..- . TJiey;, cut ithe :.string ;and.folded back the paper, Sigrid giving a little cry of surprise as she saw before her the watercolour sketch of Bergen, -which had been her?_-:fathetfs :last,;present"to:.••^her, ,on.. the. day before bis death. Unable to pay for it; shefhad asked thei- propnetorof the shop to .take it back again, and had been ;relieved?by.his:ready consent;: v Glancing quickly at tlie accompanying note she saw that it bore iis signature. It ran as follows:— MADAM,—Will you do metheionour of acceptmg the water colour sketch -of picture then and regarded the puichascas though it had nevei been" made. „ I row iM ^oll o ic cue 1 i> if 11 tin s ' Oh of-bim ! And how-nice of him, to,wait OnJiu iiiMn e-di f cnuu T if li upm ^baclc. JSow I shall have -something.to send lo-Frithiof.' 'It -will get to him in •time for the new year " Swanhild clapped her hands ' \\\ hat a pl< rdid m.1 1 I had not thought of that And we shall have it up iere just "for Christmas day How desolate London lodgings, with his sore heart and rebellious intellect, grew .daily more hard and morose. Had it not been for the Bonifaces lie must have gone altogether to the bad, but the-days which lie : spent every now and then in that quiet, simple household, where kindness reigned supreme, saved him from utter rum: For always through the darkest, part of . every life there runs, though we may sometimes fail to see it, this "golden thread of love," so: that even the worst man on earth is not. wholly cut off from God, since He will, by some means or other, eternally try to draw him out of death into life. We are aslounded-now and then to iread that some co}d-blooaed::murderer, some man guilty of a hideous clime, will ask m his last moments to see a child who loved him devotedly, and whom he also loved. We are astonished j us't -because we, do. not understand the untiring heart of the All-Father who in His goodness often gives to the vilest sinner the love of a pure-bearted- woman or child. : ; So true is the beautiful old Latin saying, long in the world but. little believed, " Mergere nos patitur, sed non submergere, Chnstus " (Christ lets us sink maybe, but not drown). .:, Just at this time there. vi- as only -one tiling in -which , Frithiof found any satisfaction, and that was in the little store of money which by slow degrees he was able to place in the savings bank. In what way it could ever grow into a sum large enough to pay. his father's creditors he did not trouble - himself to think, but week by week it did increase, and with this one aim in life he struggled on, worMng early and late, and living on an amount of food which would have horn-, fied an Englishman. Luckily he had discovered a place in Oxford Street where he .could get a good dinner every day for sixpence, but this was practically his only meal, and after some months the scanty fare began to tell upon him, so that even the Miss Turnouis noticed that something was wrong. " That young man looks to me under-: fed," said Miss Caroline one day. "I. methmi on the .stairs just -now, and he seems to me to have grown paler and thinner. -What does he have for break-: fast!,'.Charlotte?. Does he eat as n-ell as the other lodger?" " Dear me, no," said Miss Charlotte. " Ifs my belief that he eats nothing at. all but ship's biscuits. There's a tin of them up in his room, and a trn of cocoa, which he malces for liimself. All 1 ever take'him-is a jug of boiling water night and morning !" " ' ' "'.•. •' : : ... " Poor fellow!" said Miss Caroline, sighing a little as she plaited some lace which must have been washed a hundred times into her dress. A delicate carefulness in these little: details-of dress , distinguished i the three ladies—they had inherited !it. with the .spelling of.:their name and other tokens of good breeding. : .. " I•feel son'y for him,"she added. "K e always bows very politely when I meet him, ana he-is remarkably good-looking, though with a disagreeable expression."" .! " When.one is hungry one seldom looks -agreeable;" said Miss Charlotte. " I wish 1 had noticed him before," and she remembered, with a httle pang. of remorse, ithat- she had more than once preached to liini about his soul, while all the time she ;h'adl?een^'-too:dreatnyianiiuhobs.enrantW see what was really wrong with him. -:- ".Suppose,"-sliesaid .timidly, " suppose I were to take him a little of the stewe .i American beef -we shall have for supper." "Send it up by the girl," said Miss Tumour, " she is still m the kitchei l. Don't take it yourself—-it would-be awl; - waid for both of you." j SojMissiGharlottemeekly.obeyed, ani 1 5ent-up.by"the:£habbyservantgirl-amo:t savejury little .supper. Unluckily the girl was a pert cockney, and-her loud .abrupt! " Come"in,"Jhe -saiii'm a' surly tone. >: " Look, here,"' said-.theigiri,:'"here's ,sometinng to put you in a better temper. ; Missus'scotophments;.^nd^heLbj!gs^)u^ll? accept it," and she thrust the-tray at him; "with a derisive grin ; " Have the goodness to take that down ^ainpisaid^n&iefjiinsa;'fit'ofsiunreasoni jng anger " 111 not be treated like your mistress s pet dog' \ Something jh"' s n -cr ed the tgurl -She beat a hasty ! retreat,-and was plannmg how she could manage to eat! 'the-aespise<3 supper herself, '-when ja.t the foot of the tan she met Miss Charlotte,' ,and":her pioject was Supped m'thejbud •: had seen a ghost, and gazing up at the tall Norseman who, m the hurry of the moment, had forgotten to remove the wet towel which, in common with most nightworkers, he was m the habit of tjung round his forehead Miss Charlotte stooped to pick up the jug- " I am so sorry the girl was rude," she said. " I wish I had brought it myself. You see, it was m this ,way : we all thought you looked so poorly, and we were having the beef for supper, and we thought perhaps you might ,fancy some, and—and——" "It was very good of you," he said, touched, in spite of himself, by the'kindness.— -" I .regret what- I said, but you must make allowance for a bad-tempered! man with a^plitting headache." -'.Is,-that the reason you tie it up?" asked Miss Charlotte. He laughed and pulled off-the towel, passing his hand over the mass of thick, light hair which it had disordered. " It keeps it cooler," he said, "and I can get through more work." She glanced at the table, and,saw that it was covered with papers and books. "Are. you wise to do .so much work after being busy all day ? " shesaid- " It seems to me that you are not.looking well" . " It is nothing but headache," he said. "And the work is the only pleasure I have m the world." "I was afraid from",your looks that you had a hard life," she said, hesita- " It is. not hard outwai'dly. As far as woiK goes it is easy enough, but there is a deadly monotony about it" . "Ah 1 if only——" she began He interrupted her. "I know quite well what you are going to say—you.are going to recommend me to attend one of those religious meetings, where people get so full of a delightful excitement. Believe me, they would not have the slightest effect on me. And yet; if you wish it, I will go. It shall be my sign of penitence for my rudeness just now." Miss Charlotte could not make out whether his smile was sarcastic genuine. However, she took him at his word, and the next: evemng carried him off to a big, brightly-lighted : hall to a revivalist meeting, from which she hoped great things. It was a hot June evening. He came there tired with the long day's work, and his, head felt dull and heavy. Merely out of politeness to his companion he tned to take some sort of interest m what went, on, stifled his inclination to laugh now and: then, and watched the proceedings attentively, though, wearily: enough, in front of him rose a huge platform with tiers of seats one above the other.. The men and women seated there had bright-looking faces. Some looked self-conscious and self-satisfied, several of the women seemed overwrought and hysterical, but others had a! genuine look of content which impressed him, Down beloiv was a curiously heterogenous collection of instruments— -cornets, drums, tambourines, trumpets, and pipes, : A hymn was given-out, followed by a chorus; the words were solemn, but the tune was the reverse ; still it seemed: to please , the audience, who sang three choruses to each :verse,; the first 1 loud, the second louder, the third a perfect frenzy of sound, the drums thundenng, the tambourines dashr; ing about wildly, the pipes and cornets at their shrillest, and everyone present singing or shouting with all his might. It took lum some time to recover from the appalling noise, and meantime a woman was praying. He did not mucn attend to what she said, but the audience seemed to agree with her, for every minute or two there was a chorus of fervent" Amens," which rolled through the hall like distant thunder. After that :he: young man who conducted the meet •ng read a story out of the Bible, and -poke well and with a sort of imple directne >. There w a \ ei y little in what he aid, but he meant every word of it It might have been summed up m three, senence "Tlieiei onlv one way of bein|" happy. I have tried it and have founc it an wer AHjou whq haven't tried it befin at once " Butthewoid which meant much to him conveyed nothing to i?rittuof He! h tened, and wondered how a man of his ow n age could po lbly get up a d ay, such things. What \vas:it he had found ? How had he found it ? If the speaker , had shown the least sign of vanity his; word would have been utterly owerle , but hi quiet po ltivene impre ed "eople, and it ua apparent to everyone; that he believed m a trength which was: not hi own There followed much that: eemed to Fnthiof monotonou and.; unde liable, about thirty people on the: platform, one after another, got up and poke a few word , which invariably began with " I thank the Lord I wa saved ' on uch and such a night" He won-i deied and wondered what the phra e! meant to them, and 1 evolved in hi mind all the theological dogmas lie had ever heard of buddenly he wa startled to find that someone wa addre ing hm L, a hvinn wa being sung, and there wa 1 good deal of movement m the hall; people went and came, and an elderlv woman had stepped fonvaid and taken s. place be ide him "Brother," she aid to hun, "are you saved?" "Madam," he replied coldly, "I have not the lightest ldep " "Oh, then," she said with a little gesture that reminded him. of Mi Charlotte; "let .me beg ou to c me at once to Chn t'V " Madam," he said, still in hi coldly pohte voice, "you mu t really excu e me, but I do not know what ou mean " She wa so much surpn ed and puz zled by both words and manner that she he itated what to reply, and Fnthiof, who hated being que tione3, took hi hat from the bench and bowing formally to her, left <the hall I*-* the street he wa jomed by Mi Charlotte "Oh 11 she exclaimed, " I am so sorry you said that You will have macle that poor woman so terribly rniliapp " It 1 all her own ault, said Fnthiof "Win did sliu come meddling with my pnvate affairs 1 If her belief wa .real she would have been able io explain it m a rational way, an stead of using phrases which are just^mpty words ' "WHAT NONSENSE- YOU TAEE, CEIl.D," SAID: FRU GRoNVOLI). 