ABGUS IN BEPLY. ' ¡ (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury. Sir,-In yours of the 3rd December, "Audi Alteram Partem," in defence of protection, has shown his teeth. He has followed the tactics of his party, and attributed their defeat to uufair voting on the part of the Goulburn Eiver freetraders. But even if he threw out the few boys who voted on both sides he had not the ghost of a chance, as the feeling was nearly unanimous in favor of free trade, and every one was ready to use both hands, if necessary, to show the extent of his feelings. Well, now about this " gross insult" A. A. P. com- plains of ; he took good care to drink his glass to it anyway. Mr. Morris proposed "Intercolonial Freetrade." Will A. A, P. have the cheek to say he hails as a true lover of Australia and consider it an insult to ask him to drink to what every patriot-no matter what his political bias may be devoutly wishes for. If I considered anyone pro- posed a toast to insult me or my principles I should first refuse to drink it, and very likely knock the proposer down into the bargain. I would not nurse the feeling of illwill and use it to throw discredit on him or his cause in the future ; such little- mindèd dodges are unworthy of such a man as A. A. P. Ho then ridicules my statement that any free- trader would have been elected last time in oppo- sition to his protectionists. Well, now, I fancy somehow T am right, but any way an honest man who thoroughly believed in freetrade pure and simple would be preforable to the busted " Cricks and Walkers" now disgracing the House. The in- telligence of the Upper Hunter electors is too well known for any but a true and honest man to come forward. Let A. A. P. put up in opposition to any good freetrader at the next general election, and see if he íb not licked hands down. All this ridicule can't disguise the fact, sir, that there are many good and true patriotic freetraders in the Upper Hunter only waiting for the chance to send in one of their own opinions to Parliament. We have been long enough misrepresented ; he and his clique are only trying to frighten freet.-adeis into thinking this is I a pocket borough for protection. As to your Gou1 burn Biver correspondent, he has evidently mis- taken my identity, and taken the opportunity to vent hie enmity against 6ome of his neighbours. Let him write; it will come to nothing. I have looked on him heretofore as a staunch freetrader, but I am afraid he totters ; he is now under the eye of ARGUS. Denman, Dec. 6,1889. 