THE PETERSBURG TIMES, ORROROO AND YONGALA CHRONICLE AND NORTHERN ADVERTISER FRIDAY, SEPT. 20, 1889. FREETRADE Public opinion in New South Wales seems to be drifting towards Protection as a panacea for all the social and po- litical ills with which the colony is troubled. Protection, like honour, may be supposed capable of setting a leg, or healing the grief of a wound, or even of galvanising into life the man who hath It. These things Protection may do, They are trifles. But certainly Protection cannot add to the wealth or prosperity of a community. Victoria has flourished under Protection for the last quarter of a century, and still she is not happy. The protected trades are ever asking for more Protection, while the farmers are beginning to ask themselves how Protection can be extended to them. But the farmers call in vain to their gods. No fire descends from heaven to consume their sacrificcs. They are like the prophets of Baal, whose gods are asleep, or have gone upon a journey. And yet there is no cessation in the Mantilini-like "everlasting demnition grind" of bucolic foolishnesss. The farmers of Victoria are finding out now the hollow sham of Protection to native industries, while the farmers of New South Wales are cracking their cheeks howling for additional burdens to be placed upon their shoulders. The farmers of Victoria have passed through the fire. They have been burnt, scorch- ed, withered by the Protection which takes all, but gives nothing. They now ask in vain for a share of the blessings of Protection. To the demands of the former for a stock tax the Trades Hall turns a deaf ear. "At least," says the artisan, "if we concede the stock tax to the farmer, the farmer must, in consi- deration of his obtaining a tax upon sheep and cattle, submit to an addi- tional impost upon agricultural imple- ments." What a farce? It is not a drama of real life; it is a shrieking burlesque. How the gods who sit on high and watch the ebb and flow of life on this small speck of dust, the earth, must laugh—nay, weep! to think how sad it all is. Do the farmers of N.S. Wales profit by the experience of the farmers of Victoria? Do they know of the struggles of the farmers of America to rid themselves of the ever-growing evils of protection under which they groan? Do they realize that the farmer pays for all, and that in the wildest dream of the political Cagliostro there is not the smallest ghost of a shred of a possibility of the former being protected? That the only effect of protection is to put heavier burdens upon the already over-loaded producer? That protection once established sticks closer than a brother or a postage stamp, or the old man of the sea, upon the shoulders of old Sinbad the Sailor? Do they realize that Protection, like jealousy, grows by what it feeds on? That, like the daughter of the horse leech, its cry is ever give! give! and that, once established, it produces such a crop of vested interests that only some frightful catastrophe involving a whole country in ruin, or the slow effects of a progressive misery, such as obtained in England from the deficient harvests of 1837 to 1843, and the failure of the potato crop in Ireland in 1845, is capable of rousing a nation to the supreme effort of overthrowing a bad and rotten sytem. TEEOWIE Exhibition, September 27, 28, and 29. A BRANCH of the H.A.C.B.S will be opened at Petersburg to-morrow even- ing. THE Petersburg Minstrels gave a benefit to Miss McMahon at Terowie on Friday night last. The attendance was small. THE present season continues to be phenomenal, hardly a day passing with- out rain. The total fall registered at the Petersburg Post Office,for the year, to date is 19 inches 972 points. THAT LOOP LINE,—In the Assem- bly on Tuesday, Mr Rounsevell asked whether the Government would "take immediate steps to construct a loop-line between Terowie and Thyer's Corner." Dr Cockburn said that was not their purpose. The Railway Commissioners had reported in opposition to the pro- posal. Their report, which was after- wards laid upon the table, showed that the alteration would increase the cost of working without securing a suffici- ently great compensating advantage. INQUEST.—An inquest was held at the Junction Hotel, Petersburg, on Friday last, before Mr W. Threadgold, J.P., Coroner, on the fire which de- stroyed the premises occupied by Mr J. H. Touchell on the night of the 10th inst. Mr W. Howard J.P., was elected foreman of the jury. A number of witnesses were called, but beyond eliciting the fact that there were no grounds to suppose the building caught fire accidentally, nothing of any interest transpired. After a short interval the jury returned a verdict to the eftect that the premises were wilfully fired by some person or persons unknown. 