HOW THE TIGER EATS. KILLS AND In a paper read belore the Bombay Natural History Society recently, and published in its journal, Mr. rnverarity, a noted shikari, discussed the habits of the tiger, and especially tbe mode in which he kills and eats his prey. Some think hs seizes by the throat, others by the nape' of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has examined scores of 6lain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but dne the throat was seized from below. The exception was an old boar who had been £ized from tbe back of tbe heck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by his com* panions, had no idea when he recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without breaking the skin; possibly the tiger kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing sever any important vein or artery, and no blood to 6peak of flows from the throat wounds. Very large and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo, bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the rear with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Sometimes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are; sometimss he will remove them to one eide ; miking a neat parcel of them. A tiger and tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only the bead. In this case it is probable that the second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance; they are not lifted clear of the f»round, but dragged. Having gorged himself, the tiger sometimes lies CIOBC by bis prey, but if it is bot weather and there are bills in the neighbourhood he will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill-side than in a close hot jungle. He returns next night and finishes what is left, but be never eats a second time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or 50 yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours' stead? eating to finish the forequarters of a bullock. Mr. Inyerarity 6at over a small tigress one right who ate for 10 minutes, and then went away for 20, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a-quarter h«urs. He did not fire, as he could not see her Tigers are cannibals; they will make their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt much for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever he can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. Mr. Iverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense ot pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is a fiction; he clutches with his claws as one might with the fingers, but does not strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances at night, and, as they like easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do not like to move during the heat of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw. They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a certain Pandoo, but could not reach him and retired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran towards home, but on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated " that Pandoo died of the tiger eating him; there was no other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which probably belonged to the right or left hand." Natives bave a belief that the ghosts of the maneater's victims ride in his bead and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 