The I'oisoncd Key of I'uduu, Another delightful relic of the life ami times of the tyrant of 1'adua is a simpl-jkey— about the size of an ordinary door key. It was the key cf the duke's library in his private room. When ho wanted to get rid of any of hie suite or any person in his household rhat he had bilter feeling* used to ring bis bell unci ass for Sir- John to bo sent to him — fancy name., of course—and when John entered the duke would say— ' Oh, Jiiiin, I wish 3011 would go to the bookcase in my private room nnd bring mc the ' D?3cn?t licVlads. 1 " " Certainly your grate," Mr. John would say, and th'.n away be would trot with the key in his hand. When he got lo the library lie would put the key in the luck of the bookcase and turn it. l'mt directly he turned it, out of the key shut a lotiV, poisoned needle, which stabbed the hand of the holder, and instantly ; shot back John would drop the key nud say,-— " \Vl;nt the deuco was that?" I He would look at his hand and sco only a 1 email, dark Mue spot. Ho would think nothing of it, hut nil of tv sn.iden ho would bejjin to feel ijiicer in his head. Presently eoiii'j elm would como in and find him in a lit on the Uoor, and tuo household would bo alarmed. " Mr. John lm had a etroke or a fit," tho people would s.iy, A doctor w luld be Bent for, but his services would bo of n'> avail, lv twenty-four hours Mr. John would be dead, end everybody would think Hint he had died in a fit. There were no bolhoiingcofonera'iiiiiiicslsin those d:iys to upset tlio plans o£ clevor fyll.nvalike tha Duke Francis, "Clarisa," writes to nsk, " Wlmt is tbo best at'"- f^ l inaliimony V That ilejicnile, Clarisa. Wccanlianily pra- Fcribe without seeing the pnticnt. lor some t'irle we bliuuUJ nn3-.ver: " Never j" for others: " i'lic age at which jou gut t!;c first chance." " Wliy do yon aliak?yotir btr.d so despond ently, my friend;" asked a good brother at the cninp. meeting. " I'm afraid there is mighty littlo hope for ine," replied the penitent, brokenly. " I've been uu orunnism , of. bta=3 bands for twcaly liveyeure." "I can't say that I'm stuck on Sue Filz perev," rcmnriod An>y. "She is li.iblo to lly oil the lwmlli]." " Yus," rcplii'-ii ilildied, miMly correcting "I too lmvc o'u2cr?cil her tendency to I'isassoc'ate borselt from the liilt with winged colcrily." " I wonder that you dare to ta?e so great a ri?kns up ia aballoou," saul ayuung lady to an rciomiut. " There is but little riak, Mis*, in going up, , ' replied thu man oE highllyiug ; " it is the coming tlowu that given ua tbc greatest nDAicly." A cat that plays the piano is said to be the latest wonder. Tlio creature's tx hibitiona are in no way remarkable, however, when merely to bnnj; away at the keys i< termed, ns it is now, playing | the cat who could not be taught to do as well as that oiigbt to ba 6bot. "Did the cloao resemblance between a ifbcet nr.d a balloonist ever strike you 1" asked the Snukq Editor. "No," replioit tbc Horse Kditor. "How do they rcs'.-inblii each other I" " Well, a balloonist is an ;uronaut," " Yta ; but whnt is a ghost I" " It's an airy nought, too." Patron " I wonder why a beard doeeu't grow i<u my face." liavber: " I don't know. Perhaps the causL' is henditary." '? 1 tl.jn't Hunk so. My father had a uwg-. nifiiciil b-;fti\l.'' " l'eiliaps so; but your mother hadn't. 1 knew her will." " And su you bnvo brought my beautiful Alp:nm?i> home, have you, liko an hdncbt rkmi, insicudof keepin;; himyouraclf, :u you m'ght easily have done I" 6aid the dtilijjMo'J lady Rβ she fondled the poodle. " \Vei\; you iiotetiouply tempteU to keep tho dialing lerealuic?" " No mum," replied the incorruptible man, ns he pocketed the reward. "It weren't no temptation. I couldn't hare sold his bide or a shilling at this season of tho year, mum." Saedy Party (*? barman) : " Gimme a gin C/.2." ll.vitMAN ; " Yes, sir. Do you want it ex. tr.i li'-zy ?' Sttuv I'aiitv : " Ko, extiaginny." All exchange says we br.vo n right to take tin umbrella or a V\a without permission wherever we van. Well, but if the umbrella isn't returned tho fault is ours ; if tl;e kias isu't it i< the lu'ly'e. 