One for TJs. If Juliet had been alive now, we could have convinced her that there is something in a name after all. The Herald's New -York correspondent tells us that . there is a growing disposition in the United States to favour what is called the Aus tralian system of voting by ballot. In Ampn'r-p, 'where the ballot lias existed for years, it has been a system ot Becret voting in name only; and those who wish to make the secrecy a reality, as well as a form, have been long urging the adoption of the system as it is 'carried out with. us. As a matter of fact, precisely the same system is carried out: in England, and those Americans who dislike the change brand it with that term. Just at present there is a great wave of anti-English feeling passing oyer the American people, and there is no niqre cutting sneer thiui to say 'so . English, you know.' The friends of the real ballot, therefore* have been fighting veryhard to get it called the Australian system, for the Ameri cans have not at present any prejudices against Australia. They look upon us as a coining young j tepublic about to follow in their footsteps, and are therefore willing to patronise an infant com- ' | munity against which they have no -grudges, and I of which they can have no fear. For that reason the word Australian is as popular as the word English is unpopular, and our name is really a political force in the current political struggle in America, and it is bo simply in virtue of a prejudice. The Heralft correspondent, speak ing of the ballot, sajB: 'Such is the frailty of human nature that it is positively asserted that, had it been exclusively an ifajrlirfi institution, it would not have had the ghost of a chance of adop tion in this country.' It is certainly curious that after a hundred years pf independence, and when America has outgrown the mother-country in population, there should be such an intense dis like of copjing any of the political institutions of the mother-country, especially when we remember that the original settlers took over with them from the old land all their ideas of political government and liberty, and that even at this day three fourths of American political institutions and American jurisprudence are, mutatis mutandis, simply English ideas transplanted and developed into luxuriant growth under new and favourable conditions. 