HE RODE TO WIN. ' I did not know you had so much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs. Anstruther languidly. Leila Marsden arranged the delicate lace at her wrist with an air of abstraction. ' He is very good-looking and he rides splendidly,' she said, o and he-er-he 0oes love me to distrac tion, you know.' ' As many others probably will do before your time is over, my dear; but that has nothing to do with the case. You must get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll get over it in time; they always do. You are surely not going to trouble your silly little head about him?' Miss Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. ' I'll think about it,' she said, half turning in the doorway to glance back at her sister. ' 'll think aboutit, asid I'll make up my mind this evening. There ! I can't promise more than that, can I, Rose ? You are satisfied, aren't you?' ' Yes, I am satisfied,' replied Mrs. Anstru ther; mul, as she dozed through the long after nioon that followed, she alloswed her sister to figure very prooiinenlly in her dre:lms as the wife of Maoor Temple Arburton, of the Hussars, and future baronet. " Sizirabad is famous for its. pretty girls; but prettiest and most striking of all was Leila Iiarsden at the race bail that night. ' Race ball' is, perhaps, too big a term to be propeirly applied toit; but the arrival of a couple of reginents on their way to the frointier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week, the race ball intervening. 'You'll comed down to see the finish to morrow, Miss Marsden ?' asked Tommy Campbell the wit of Sizirabad, as he strolled Willoughby; rides to wii-nth'bone witi th'o lhd??' oas prize.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Leila, laugh ing 'mIle means the ladies' prize race,' said Major Arburton, standing close behind her, anoi gloweringat Campbell over hershoulder. ' And is Mr. Willoughby quite likely to winit ?' asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. ' The betting is all on him ; but he's got a ticklishmount, and I don't like that left-hand corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bargain, you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge and dis appearing down the -precipice. Can't imagine why they don't anrange things better in this outlandish land; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your pardon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.' Andl lie disappeared among the dancels with a comical look on his face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her pIirtner. ' How odd he is !' she said. ' By the way, what horse is Mr. Wiiloughby going to ride to morrow in the ladies' race '?' One of mine --Mo?oppa. You seem to take a great interest, in that fellow Willougby' (jealously). ' Not at all. He is rather afriend of my sis ter's,' replied Leil.a carelessly. 'Are, not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Ar-. burton?' 'If von wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). Tile mixed sentiment jarred on Leila; but he was rich, in a.good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was far beyond thirty, and no longer so slim as he had been? It was a good match for a penniless girl, and lie had no choice, and so, long before - the evelmg was over, people were whis]ering to gether concerning Miss IMarsden and Major Ar burton, and a report flew about that lie had proposed and beeu accepted. The truth or other;:ise of such statements was not to be read on Leila's face. To all out ward observance she was as calm and haughty and beautiful as ever. Nonoe knew that slle looked at her programme over and over again, to make sure that there was no mistake, and that the initials ' O. C. W.' scrawled against the fifteenth valse madoher await that dance with a sickening heart. It came at last. The band struck up the strains of a well-known valse, the room began to fill, and presently Leila Moarsdeu, with paler cheeks than usual, and a strange beatingof the heart, was floating round with Charlie Wil loughby as partner. uShall we sit the rest out?' he asked, when theypaused at length. teita bent her head in assent, and they im.d o?ut of the room on to. the Tlong; lo'-veor iiidah,'somewhat to thsddismny of her sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw the girl's pale face and tall, slight figure into strong relief against the dasrk vers ndar h baclground. Charlie Willoughby leaned agailssta pillar overrunwith creeper, anod looked at her fixedly.. He made no excuse for himself, nor did hlie ncak the silence between them. His eyes searched her face ao though lie would read there what he dared not trust him. self to hear. Presently Leila spoke. liar voice sounded faint and far away, even to herself. ' I hear,' she said pleadingly-. ' that you are going to ride i very vicious horse toneorrow in the ladies' prize race. Please don't ride it; please do not.' ' And I hear that you are engaged to marry Major Arburton' (without the slightest refer ence to her appeal). 'Is that true, Leila, oris it not ?' She looked down and traced a little pattern on the stone floor with her foeet. X Is it true, or is it not?' he repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in his voice. 'Don't be angry; oh, do not!' she cried, putting up her hand with a depreciating gesture; ' they have made me do it. I am a burden to my sister, you know; and I couldn't stand it any longer ; and he is not so had: but I love you the best-oh, so Imuchithe best! You know it; only I-I-I am so miserable.' 'Doubtless,' he said gravely, never for an instant removing his eyes from the fair, uiteous face; ' so am I --very, iserable, so have I been for the past month; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you much. So von are going to marrythis Crmsus, this elderly future baronet, and throw me over quite, are you, Leila?' She twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, but made no reply. ' And you are good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish me not to break my neck to-morrow?' She was still silent. 'Very.good Then listento me. I ride to morrow, and I ride to win, and .you are to be the prise., .oYes, yon-do not look so startled- Syou'! ,Iride to win, or I ride :to-se er. infind Sthat partof the business.. If I wik I shall con sider you mine in spite of all the Mejor A3rburtbns in the world. If not-lo younunder; 3a, sleeid thealtemrnativ',Leila?' She bent her head. Could she avoid under standing it? ' It lies with you,' he wenit on steadily. ' You I know my horse, you lnow the racecourse, you 'khow me. If to- morro hboforei starting yosa bid me ride to win; very 'good: if nt- Tlhe music has begun again. Shall I take you back' to your elderly future baronet?' ' My dear Leila, What nonsense !' cried Mrs. Ansetruther. ' Rub your cheeks, child, and drink this wine. Youlookns white as a ghost, and.': about as unhappy. Not go to the races ! Y:ou' will have everyone saying it is all off again, just as it is allon. It is too aggravating of you really.' It was the day following the ball. Leilla in her sister's room, was utterly refusmg to' accompany her to the racecoure, and equally " positive in her refusal to see Major Arburton. 'I Imow what it is,' Mrs. Anstruther wvsnt"'. on.angrily; ' thiit boy li's been` dtkiriinon ' - sensoto.you. It was too foolish of you to' give him dance last night. Sf I had iown of : it I should have taken you hooie most cer-ec taisly.' 'He did not talk nonsense, and he isenot foolish, nor is he a boy,' cried Leila;' vehe-. mently; and then she gave way, and rolapsie; into copious weeping. ' At any rate, he is only a sub-lieutenant, an cannot possibly have more than five hundred "a year. And What is more, he doesn't mearnit seriously with you. If you throw over Major Arburton now you will be throwing him over for amereslesdow.' Everybodylknows whataflirt Charlie Willoughby is. He makes love td every girl he meets.' " " ' That isn't true !' exclaimed Leila with are effort at drying her tears. - H'm! How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I could mention ' Silence. ' And how about his debts ?' Silence. ' And his gambling-and that actress, and---' Leila sprang to her feet. 'I won't listen. any more!' she cried. ' I do care for him, and I hate MajorArburton, and I won't marry him, and I will notgo to the races to-day.' Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. She felt her last chance was going. 'Then I shall have to re mind you,' she said firmly, ' that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters all their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing my best for you. You seem to forget that I have childrenu of my own to be brought up. I counted on your marrying as soon as possible. Idid not count on your throwing up a reason able chance.' It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved tothe door. - 'I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. The ladies' prize race was the next on the. programme. Considerable excitement pre- . vailed among the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila alone sat calm and unmoved among the spectators. She did not seem to hear or see anything, till suddenly there was a little stir' and bustle, and murmurs of ' Of course he'll win.' ' He's sure of the race,' 'I feel inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Willoughby, you Took so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. He made his way to Leila and bent low over her. ' Which is it to be?' he asked. For an instant earth and sky reeledround her, then her brain cleared, and she saw his face, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoke : ' Ride to win.' The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, butwhen heturned away there was a smile in his res. The horses and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila strained her evyes to watch every movementof black and white, Mr. Willoughby's colours. Mazeppa fidgeted and caught at theo bit. There was some little delay, then the flag was dropped ; they were off. At first breathless silence, then growinsg excitement. The course was a small one, andu the race was to berun twice round. itMajor Arburton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a' Thank God!' as Mazeppa passed the dangerous corner in safety for the first time. 'Ilue's to the front; no, yellow's pushing up; no, that's MIeldon. Stick to it Meldon. Willoughby's passed him. By Tove ! he's got his work cut out for him with that horse. Nots they're neck and neck. Good race. No, Willoughby's gaining; no, tMeldon; no--by heaven !' A scream from one of the ladies, a general -oonstgqnatioa in the grand stand ae sudden `hdidoerd 'reved'itd tiself sn='him.?'-,efazepp't had forced the bit between his teeth, shied away from tihe course, and. leaning the frail protec tion of a hedge which separated it from the side of the hill, had disappeared with his rider. 'It was a narrow shave, and no mistake,' said Charlie Willoughby, going over the story for the hundredth time with his wife the second, month of their marriage. ' But the best part of it all was when I knelt down beside you and would not leave you,' laughed Leils. 'I shall nevdr'forget Major3 Arburton's face, nor his words next Jay, when he told me all was over between us, and that the . best thing I could do, after havisig made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry "that young puppy "'. ." ' No,' said her husband tenderly; ' the best part of it all wasthat I rode to Win, anid that I ld winid win-What' I most wanteta-my wife.' 'Zandon Wlorld. 