Hakea, Princess of the Fountains, Wandered in the even5 glow, Where the sunrays kiss the mountains And the wild birds twitter low Wandered, While she gravely pondered, With her footstep soft and slow. Slight the Princess, slight and stately, Moving with a subtle grace, And she held herself elately She, the blossom of her race Smiling, And the hour beguiling, With the sunset on her face. Dark her skin, and dark as raven Those long tresses of her hair ; Yet might sad thoughts seek the haven Of her smile, and nestle there Lightness Catching from the brightness Of her glance beyond compare. Hakea, of the Golden Waters, With a tribe at her command, Reigned supreme among the daughters Of her flower-bejewelled land, Laden, Like the simplest maiden, With one only care-her hand. Hence the visions that perplex her, Flitting through her eager brain ; Maiden dreams and fancies vex her, Knowing she dreams them all in vain Regal Though she be, illegal Is for her love's joy and pain. Echoes through her brain are stealing Of Love's voice in sweet appeal ; At her feet she fancies, kneeling, One on whom Love set a seal Fitter This faith than the bitter .. Fate her tribal customs deal. Short the wooing, fierce the winning, In that land of might and fear ; Man, against Love's freedom sinning, Trapped the lass with bow and spear ; Dragging With harsh blow, the lagging Damsel to a bondage drear. Hakea frowned, a swift flush rising To her cheek, in sudden scorn ' He who maiden steals, despising Maiden's will, is yet unborn ; Woman' May be captured ; no man But his captive's chain has worn.' Then she turned, the sunrays striking Golden lights on raven tress, While the breeze, with tender liking, Raised each lock for a caress, Thrilling Hakea's veins, and stilling Longings she had dared confess. HAKEA : An Australian Flower Leaend.-*^ Lo ! she sees amid the sunbeams Vision-face, with golden glow ; Softly hears, as in her night-dreams, Wooing whispers, soft and low ; Wanders To her hut, and ponders, With a glory on her brow. Day by day amid her people x,^ Hakea more radiant grew ; Day by day she seemed to keep ill Thoughts away by fancies new ; Nightly, Setting sunrays lightly Towards the West her footsteps drew, Till her tribe began to murmur : ' Hakea communes with the blest ; Earthly ties must have a firmer Hold to keep her soul at rest ; When the Sunbeams halo, then the Spirit fades into the West. See, the tribe of Golden Fountain Gather as for open war ; Wattle valley and blue mountain Send their dark-skins from afai', Glowering, By the camp fires cowering, Whisper 'neath the evening star. Dark their tales of bloodstained valour, Tale of spear and boomerang ; And none noted one cheek's pallor As the camp with wild jest rang : Faint and Feeble was the plaint and Wail from Hakea's lips that sprang. # For the hopecí-fór sign of battle Is a regal maiden's cry ; 'Neath the fragrant gum and wattle Dusky forms in ambush lie, Biding, Like the panther, hiding Till Hakea's steps go by. What is this ? In vain their ambush, Never Princess steals their way ; Flannel star-flower, snowy Ti-bush, Tempts her not to fall a prey ; Surely, Maid that so securely Walks must magic aits e^say ? Angry tales are fiercely bruited Of her doings.at even-tide ; Phantom lovers are imputed, Walking, viewless, by her side, Weaving, By some strange deceiving, Spells whereby her mother died. Then a hoary-headed seer Rose beside the camp-fire flames : ' Stately Princess should be freer Than our humble low-browed dames ; Eager Tribe should tribe beleagiier Till his bride the victor claims.' 4£ %r % Now the setting sun is flinging Golden waves across the sky ; Ancient crones are war-chaunts singing While they pile the fire-logs high ; Proudly Stands Hakea-proudly, With strange light on brow and eye. Grey opossum drapes her shoulders, Minty spear lies in her palm, And the tribal spirit smoulders 'Neath that mien of queenly calm, Yearning For some glance discerning Ere she yield the victor's palm. Foes are wrestling, spears are bristling, Hand meets hand in deadly blow ; Boomerangs shoot, hurtling, whistling, Reddening streams now slowly flow ; Pulseless, Hakea watches-pulseless, That strange light still on her brow. Two long days the combat rages, Then loud angry cries are heard : ' Down with witches ; witchcraft wages Unseen war.' She never stirred 5 Peerless, Stood among them fearless, Knowing the fate she had incurred. Stole the whisper : ' Lo, her tresses Floating lightly on the breeze ; They it is that win caresses From some wizard of the trees.' Shivering, 'Neath swift stroke they, quivering, Coiled like snakes about her knees. Brutal hands with gore bedabble Raven lock and shining braid * Hakea's glance pursues the rabble, Open-eyed and undismayed. Madder Still the fight, and sadder The still silence of the maid. Then one, fiercer than his brothers, Strides toward, with lifted spear : ' Witch or demon, by our mothers, I defy thee, flouting fear !' Silence Stilled the camp's wild violence Hakea lay as on her bier. Conscience-struck, they took the tresses ; Which the warm wind loved so well, : Scattered them where wind-caresses Gently played on bush and fell, Conning Still with tender longing What those tresses had to tell. ; Lo, they Hakea sought to honour j Where they left her form at rest, With the sunset glow upon her, And the death-wound on her breast Vainly Sought her. She had plainly Gently faded in the West. * # # When we pluck the Hakea, laden ' With light blossom, faint and fair, Memories of that dark maiden Twine around each silken hair, Trembling In the moonbeams, sembling Bloodless ghosts of long-past care. ; #JA, Af. TV- "it* Once I dreamed of golden fountains Splashing in a cloudless land, Where the sunrays kissed the mountains And the ripples kissed the strand : Dreaming That in cloudless beaming Hakea's vision took her hand. 