i The PJoods Relief "Fund; I VISIT OF THE HON. J. - NIhiMO /rd /:.-! ' , CASTLEMAINE. : - ( 1 i : The Hon. J-. Nimmo, the ' Commissioner of: Pubiic Works, paid : a (VisH0 Priflniaine.-yes-; terday for/the-purptiae of 'delivering.a'lecture/on; Robert Burns'," in aid of tti'o' //Flood's Relief / Fund. When the! deputation from the.various munieipalities . /m ;.;:and . around-;. Castlemaine interviewed Mr Nimmo. recently, he incident ally remarked'!thatfit'fhad!heen"hm intention |o lerture at Castlemaine,- at the. invitation of tlio 'Hon. J. B. Pattewori, who jindbutitcdly had !soi|ie;, charitable /-object -in-'.yiew at the., time. Certainly, it was.nqt in ; connection, .with/ tfie ./Flpods':Retief'Fun(l,':as:theinvitation'to'ttie Commissioner :of.Pubfi,c ./)yprks' had'gone /forth froraiMr.Pattereon some, .days before the/temble disaster /on/Ne w' Ycar's Day qccurred. t Ha vifig learning! /from: itbe "Press., Vqrii;m!'jMt!:/tliie-. leciure !! bad d mot:-: with . public - faiiour . inAMel- bonriie and "elsewhere, the! Mayor (Cr;Yand,eli) brought the matter under the notice of the Be- fief Committee at: a .recent! .meeting, .and on tiis proposition ...the tipn,' gentleman was asked , 'if tie would" delive/f'hjs/ ieisturetiii; Castlemainerin'aid of the fund - for the -relief of the distressed -a nd homeless sufferers by the floods. The Commis sioner of PjUblic Works readily- gaye-his acqui escence to the request, and the lecture, as will be seen hereunder, was delivered last night,! ; Mr Niinnib arrived by the 3.30 p.m.'train; and was Vccbhipariied by Mr W." Gordon, M.Tl.' A., Mr Itebert Oliver, and Mr Louis Ellis, Sheriff of, the /Midland Bailiwick. The Mayor (Cr A. C. "Yandell), and .Crs Elliott, Woolley, Shegog, Rcdfcjirn and Williams ; Mr C. A. -Holmes, the Town/Clerk ; Mr A. Cornish, the Borough Sur veyor ,;/Mr J.;. W. M'Cay,: the Seoretary!"bf the Floodg/Relief Committee ; Cr Greenliill (Mayor of Chewton) Cr Hamilton (President of New- stead fehire) ; . Crs Pollard (President); and Horwood, '.ancl Mr J. R. Campbell, Clerk of WorkS,; of". Maldon Shire ; Messrs W-. R. M'Gregor, R. Mitchell and other leading towns men, togethetwith Messrs Stewart and M'Do.rald (of /Sandfiiirst) n Highland costume! ./wey'e on the 'platform to receive Mr Niriirbo. Ttib'us- tomary introductionB and. handshaking, (having been gone through/ the/ party, led' by Mr M'Donald playing a Scotch air on the bagpipes, wended" their way to a couple of pair-bbrse'eabs that were in waiting. from the stables of Messrs Johnston and Jesper'sen and Crowder _and Goltfsmith. The party drove to ' M'Gregor's Cuiphbrland Hotel, where light refreshments werp .partaken of. The Maldon Cpuiiqiliors agani' took /bccasibii to bring :the matter of the flood/; damages, in their Shiro (the approxirqate amount of damage done being' /L2375) undiir 'the notice; of! ttie, Minister of Public Works/ ' The lion, gentleman replied that the matter would receive his best att/entiou, but at present- he was unable to say: anything definite as to what action the Government would take anont the floods damages. After a respite of about a quarter of an hour, Mr Nimmo was taken-on ' . i: TOUR OF INSPECTION /' of the'flbod1 damages/ the party 'comprising Mr Gordon, tlie Mayor and Borough Councillors of Castlemaine' . previously name'd/ Messrs R. Olive/r, J. W. Al'Cay, and representatives of the Press. ! The' first place visited was the creek and jaite of - the Tenfoot . Bridge, where men were at work in clearing debris from the bed of the creek. ' The site of the Telegrapti Bridge was next visited, then Butterworth's Bridge, the retaining wall of the creek leading to Barkly Bridge, the distillery, SherilFs Bridge, the Grave-street retaining wall, and Malonoy's Bridge, Tho Mayor, Councillors, Town Clerk and' Borough Surveyor furnished Mr Nimmo with- nil the necessary information relative to the bridges, creek, &c.;, and likewise the devas tation: wrought by the flood waters. The lion, gentleman displayed great interest in everything brought under his notice, and was evidontly much surprised at the immense damage that had been occasioned by the floods. 'After inspecting Mnlohey's Bridge at Winter's Flat, the party returned to the Cumberland Hotel, which was reached at 5.20 o'clock. THE BANQUET. Shortly after six o'clock, Mr Nimmo was en tertained by . the Mayor and Borotigli Council lors to a'sumptunus banquet at the Cumberland Hotel. Tho .Mayor presided,/ having on his right Mr Nimmo,. and on his left Mr Gordon. Mr M'Gregor occupied tho . rice-chair. Crs! Elliott, Woolley, Redfearu and Shegog, Messrs Holmes and Cornish, Crs Pollard nnd Hamilton Messrs R. Oliver (in Highland costumo), J Campbell, J. W. M'Cay, L.Ellis, and the re'- portors also sat down to the table, which was laid out most elaborately. Tho viands and ' liquors were of the best description, and tool much praise cannot be given to Host and Mrs ! M'Gregor and their staff of waitresses for the ox- ; cellont banquet that was prepared. Full justice having been done to tho edibles ' tho usual loyal toasts were duly honoured. ' 1 Cr Elliott then proposed " Tho Parliament of Victoria, coupled with tlio names of Messrs Nimmo, Patterson and Gordon. Ho said that! lie might call it tlio late Parliament, now that it had beeti prorogued. Ho hoped that tho1 incoming Parliament would bo formed morti on, party- hnesr-rihear, . .hear)— although lie had' nothing to say agaiiist the members of the past1 .Legislature. Ho thought that the electors! were now-" civilised'' (if ho Mighk.us'oJshch" term) to know that there should bo a Parlia- ment qpj' party lines instead of a Coalition one (A vriico : /How "about peace,/ progress and prosperity ?),1 Every Parliament adopted (hat as their motto! "ot excepting the recently de funct Legislature. (Hear, hear.) This was a grand and glorious country, and ho trusted that th'er electors would give full consideration to all matters that would eomu under their notice at the forthcoming Parliamentary elections. - As regards tho representatives for Castlemaine Messrs Patterson and. Gordon iiad discharged; their duties very conscientiously — (applause)-!! but in the early history of the late Parliament our members' wore divided — as they sat: in op'. > position to enoli other. But both enme together.! after' a while/ and lie (Cr Elliott) would always'i like to seo our ' representatives on one and the i samo.sjde of the. House. (Cheers.) . i The .tajast Was heartily honoured. : /.GpnlonV whp was .received ivith great'st); ;plapse, replied, and said tliat as there was not .much, ,. time, fpr. lpng speeches he would 'only /detain, tlio u company; ,-a short period. -Ilo/jvai; /quite exhausted ; after . a. hard day's work, as fig, ;hadi done:; that day, but. -after the excoilentj /diniier tie had;: just . partaken of ho felt much better.' (Hear, tieari) He could' not agree witl/ /Cr Elliott relative to the Coalition Government who. had done a large amount of work. (Cheers.) When/that. Govern inont was called into oflic'e /aiijentire /change had been brought about, and ;th/e!eouiitiy/ had' prospered to an extent never 'known before. (Hear, hear.) Ho would not commit himself just now a bout his future-tactics -until he had heard of the fresh policy of jtlip /Government from, the Premier. (Hear hear.) iLboking. upon the ..great prosperity that had itaken place during! the reigii ofthe late Parlia- intent, lie thought they might allow that state of itliings to continue. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry ithat Mr Patterson, his colleague, was absent from Ittie cOloDy' just now,- but when he returned lie felt Biire'ttie lion, gentleman would soon niake1' inp for the time lie 'had been away. (Applause;) ;Mr,, Gordon concluded a, neat speech by remark- iiiig;that hie, believed there had not been a better /representative for Castlemaine than Mr Patter! isohv'and bii behalf of that gentleman and him- jself he. ttianked the company for tho tiearty, irtiahnbr iii wtiieh the toast liad been ' hokhow- jledged.,;,„(Lqud cheers.) 1 ' - < ' j - .TtieACliairmaii here read a telegram from the! jHbn. jJ. .M.'Intyre, M.L/ A., who expressed regret jfo.r his absence at the gathering that evening. A /general -. fqeling of . ; regret " at Mr M'liityre'a '.absence was also . expressed around the tatilp, jii8 /the lion, gentleman is recognised as one 'of (" our. owh" iii'and out of Parliament. .. i :/Cr:;\V6dlley' proposed "Our Guest" amidst ' great cheering. ; /When he first heard' his name, /mentioned that evening in cbniiection ' with tliis ftqast'.tie': jyas much! put back, as being a .maiden : speaker . lie required a, little time for considera- i tion. However, his fears had noiy vanistied, as ' /if by magic. . (Lnughter and applause.) ' Before /he went to Meltiourne to attend 'the .floods (deputation'! recently, he did, not ' know Mr. jNimmo; but- from what he had heard of the ififin. - gentleman; from some friends at Maldon he (Cr VVpqlley) -/kite iv .'that he was going 1 (o join j in an interview with" a Minister who would i listen to their: appeal with feelings of sympathy. '(Hear, hear.) It was a- mistake to allow bur- selves to bow down to the red-tapeisni of any j kind'- of office-! When confronting Mr Nimmo, ihe'cfelt- at once that-. they were appealing. to a ; mkri,;/ as was /judged by his dear old sympathetic, Inqds in listening to the remarks ofithe- deputa? ; tio»ist3. "And he only hoped- that the colony i will cbntintfe to 'have such a manly Minister as j the gentleman present that evening. (Cheers.) : In!Mr Nimtiio, they had a man who was well !'wprttiy1 of 'beinig their' guest that evening, and' /tiis visit will, he ventured to assert, be pro- j iduetive of an immense amount of good. Be' /'made this remark without flattery,, and con- : eluded' a happily-worded speech . by .averring ; that iio man, after inspecting the flood damages, : would go away, without reporting favourably to his colleagues in Melbourne. As Minister of Phiib / Woi'ks. ' a better representative for that opacity .could -not be ' found than Mr- Nimnio; ! ;(Ctibers.)./ "!';rl i' -/R-". -!:;1 ivTho/tpast was, .drank with tfie utmost en-: thusiasmi-.-witti tlie accbmpanimentA/'/' Fpf'hrt jolly good fellow," and cheers for " Our Guest"! andbfifcblleagues./yj;/: :r "'"f , Tha. Hon. .J. H.immo was loudly cheered on rikiiig tb f esp6nSV/7He' tiianked: ihemrvery much the. toast of his health" had "tieen"' received,' and wti'i'ch 'had been sq V flattqifiigly,,;, proposed, by his friend, ,Cr Woolley, Whilst, it .was , a source of pleasure fo"r:(>tiini,,:tOitie present with' theni, it' was also \yith -deep.' regret that lie had seen 'that .after-/'' noon the' immense damages that had been done, by the' floods. Tho tabulated statement that hqfi Been /furnished by the Borough (Siiryeyor relative to the' damages was, so far as lie could see, not exaggerated in the least, and he would give the requirements embodied in that docu ment his very best attention, (Hear/ hear.): Ca'stlemainb has a prior claim over any other part of the colony for assistance, in this, respect. There has been an immense amount/ ,pf: damage done by the floods 1 here, , and lie was glad £6 notice .from the remarks that fell from the Sur veyor during the tour of inspection' that tie (Mr, Cornish)1 intended to make certain . : im provements whielr " would neutralise the damage ( from future . floods. Ho (Mr N)mino) . /will, be ;' veiy glad / to aid tlio Borough /Surveyor in any suggestions in planning the new bridges, and would also, obtain the best advice from the officers iri his depart ment; (Hear, hear.) Having inspected several places in the Borough that have beeii damaged, hb' can /bring tlio matter more forcibly, and with, greater confidence, under the notice of liis cot leagues. / Respecting the late Parliament, he asserted that the Ministry ha3 discharged its duties perhaps not to, the satisfaction of evcry; body — for that is impossible of accomplishment in any country— but ho could say this, thnt tho Ministry when taking office pursued the Consti tutional course that has been laid down and followed in Old England. (Applause.) He did not wish to give offence to anybody, but- it'/is his opinion that the English fonii of government is tho best in tho world. (Cheers.) It may bo followed by us with every great safety'. The present Government, in accepting offico,. . im mediately reforred themselves to tho various constituencies ; they published broadcast their programme, and stated what their intentions were ; tho nature of the measures they intonded: to submit to Parliament; and lie did not hesitate to say that , the Government had carried out their programme. (Applause.) Some measures were not passed, owing to tho process known as " stonewalling," which, lie rogretted tosay,' existed in Parliament. These measures met with hostility, and were not placed upon the Statute Book. Tho Budget thnt was brought in .was thought to have been satisfactory. There was a largo surplus to deal with, nnd the Go vernment divided it as wbll ns'possiblo, tho local governing bodies receiving a liberal quota. (Hear, hear.) But the Budget was not popular with the small minority, who . could obstruct any kind of business in Parliament. He clid not care much whethor n man was a Liboriii or a Con servative — but if ho allows his conscience to tie stifled for mere party considerations"' in connection with any ineasuro ' which' ; it closely connected with the' interests .'of the colony, that mnn does not act properly- (Applause.) Ho (Mr Nimmo) was pleased wit.' tlie manner in which tho Parliamentary, . repre sentatives for Castlemaine (Messrs Pattei;squ and Gordon) have conductotV tlionisolvcs. H9 had known Mr Patterson for many years, an® always found him to be a man of integrity and stprling honesty. As for Mi' Gordon, ho would like to seo the Parliament of Viotoria composed ofthe Gordon stamp. (Clioors.) Mr Gordon had, at times, severely criticised the actions of the / Government, but ho was honest and straightforward. (Applauso.) ,'.W)iat js'-VMOT is patriotic lionosty, which pvould boncfifc. colony. After referring in eulogistic terms o| tho fair play so characteristic of the English raeo, tho speaker remarked that England would riot,, occupy tlio position amongst the nations of the earth as she does at present if it had not ;boon for John Bull. (Cheers.) He belonged to a colony where right is respected nnd- whore slavery cannot live, and where overy man's house is his castle. lie sincerely : hoped- that this young colony will follow in the footsteps rif tlio grand mother country, nrid that they will ho aniniated witli that patriotism characteristic of our forefathers. (Applnusolj Let theih recall to nioniory tho heroism shown at Waterloo arid also by Lord Nelson. , In con-' eluding his excellent speech, Mr Nim mo trusted tliii't when lie submitted his claims anont the flocld damages to his colleagues he was sure they woiild receive evovy consideration, and if necessary, he would solid up an officer to aid1 the loeal.Borough Surveyor in .carrying out the plftris,' &ri-i; for tlio new works. Ho hoped that a good sum would result from his lecture that evening- Ho thought a largo qunutity of tho silt in the creek should ho removed and . spread dnihe'lpw-lying lauds, so as to allow the current- to havri a. freer course ; and as- ho believefl trie debris came from other districts, a. legitimate claim should bo made upon thenj and also upon trie Central. Govorninent. (Cheers.). : -i i Mr 'Gordon said that Mr Nimmo: had/been; most kind and cordial- in regard to the requests made to him concerning tho flo.od> damages, and he thanked riiin for such. Mr Nimmo proposed the Borpugh Council of Castlemaine, coupled with the name of tho Mayor for their kindness arid hospitality: that day. Mr Ellis haying seconded the proposition, the toast' was' cordially honoured, wifclv Cheers for 'the Mayor and Mayoress. ' ' ' . . " ' ' " : ; The Mayor responded, and said he regretted that -the:flood8 -had 'occurred during 'the torn/of his reign, but he was glad that Mr Nimmo had paid a visit to tlie district triat day, and trusted that -much , good would emoate , therefrom.: He thanked the Minister for, his: kind remarks, arid hoped that they wpuld enjoy the lecture that evening by the hon. gentleman. -The toasts of the Press and Host and Hostess were proposed and honoured. 'In acknowledging the latter, /Mr M'Greor lipped the Minister would not lose sight of 'the jjajnieiise damages occasioned'by trie flopds. . j-.t Trie proceedings then terminated by the sing ing of the National Anthem. : TEUB LECTURE." —The Hon. J. Nimmo, Commissioner of Piib- lic'Works, deliv'ered: a lecture in the hall1 of the MecHariics' Institute last night on Robert Biirns, tfiel poet of Scotland. The ; halT was neatly depqfatod with ferns and baskets of flowers, TJjpip Syas a large attendance. Before the lec ture;' .commenced, . a Highlander in' tho, kilts played the pipes, and .afterwards on the .stage. Oil the platform .were the; Mayor/ Messrs W. J. S.. Gordon, M.L.A., R. Oliver, W. R.-M'Gregor;- T. "Hamilton (Newstead), Crs Redfearn, Sliegog and Elliott. The Mayor, who occupied the' chair, intro- duced.tlie lecturer, and r ead telygram from Mr PAttorBori, intimating he .ivas to.be.set'down for L25. This generous . contribution called forth pheers of appypval- . 't -. " . c Mr Nlimno, who wns: received with cheers, said he had great pleasure in coming .'to deliver a lecture on Burns, hut was sorry the occasion that called it' forth ivas the disastrous floods, the damages caused hy which the Government would consider. .. /He : meant to give a short lecture in order flint" there might be scope for inusic.' In one ,of Burns' . inimitable songa the poet told that at his hn th a gipsy, wlio hxamined his hand, a' predicted he would bo " no cooff ; they wquld lie proud o' Robin." Ho was born in poverty, and cradled in misfortune, "yet, though he had but ;a, scant pflpcation, these poems bad been pronounced by critics imperishable. They riad been more criticised than those of almost any other man,' and histories had been written of him by: numerous men of high talent and: profound erudition. On tho anniversary of the Burns' centenary in 1859, the day was celebrated among English people all over the world, including Germany,1 Ihdia; and China. The poet had in ventive genius, which- placed1 him on a level with Homer, Virgil arid Milton. . Had he been permitted have lived twpnty. years longer, he would have- produced works, in quantity .'arid quality that would equal /those, of th® Vgeat masters. . His prose 'writings 'had 'b'een ' neld up as models_ of pure, chasto English, which ' " should be studied by those who desired to excel in composition. The two poems in which the poet rose to his highest dramatic powers, and brimmed with humor, were "Tarn o' Shanter and the " Jolly Beggars." Ho could draw from riature in an inimitable manlier, and dress his words in poetic thought. He was the greatest song writer Scotland had produced ; his songs endeared him to all people. Sweet "Auld Lang Syne," " Duncan Gray," and by "Afton; Water" were gems imperishable, " A! mini's a man for that" " denominated the poet's pride and independence, while his battle song of " Scots wha . liae wi' Wallace bled," had often turned the tide of battle. (Cheers). He lierej asked to have some music. Mr Stewart, a Highland piper from Sandhurst, gave a tune on the bagpipes, which called forth applause. '! ;Mrs Russell/from Newstead, then came to the front and sang "Nannie's awa,"' with clear arti-, eulation, and in good style, for which she was : greatly cheered. Mr Nimmo resumed by saying that whenever : Burns wrote a song it was from the heart. Many persons differed ill opiiiion ; tho best wns ; to "Mary in Heaven." He loved Highland; Mary, but, alas, poor Mary fell ill nnd died, ; prior to the time they were to leave the country. He then recited that sad, tearful poem with great: pathos. Burns, ho remarked, had an eye for! the beautiful, in flowers and a heart of pity. One day, when ploughing, he turned up a daisy, : which called forth from him that tenderly beautiful poem " The Daisy," which lie recited. Carlyle agreed with Professor Wilson that the: next poem hi merit and feeling to this wns to 'A Mouse," — " Wee, sleekit, cowrin', timrous beastie, Oh, what a panic's in thy breastio ! Tliou needua start awn sao hasty Wi' bickering brattle ! I I wad be laitli to rin and chose thee Wi' murd'ring pattle," &c.; Mr Nimmo said that his grandfather was a com- pwiion of Burns, a keeper of two riooks on his table, the Bible and Burns' poems, and ho con sulted Burns as .often as tho Bible. Though th'e poet was not an elder, he was- selected to say a pace, and this was over a hog-gis, beginning with the lines— " Fair fa' your honest, sonsie face, Great chieftain o' tlio puddin race, Alioon them a' yc ink' your place Painch, tripe, or thnirn ; W eel aro ye worthy of a graco As lang's my arm." Tho liumour of this effusion called forth great applause. "... Mrs Rrissell then rendered a song to Mary. .. Mr Nimmo resumed by saying ho would in- frn 1 00 ®u,"ns' great; poem, " Tarn o' Slianter." (Lheors.) Ho said tlioy might not understand Jt unless they had seep a ghost, or been like Mr .rdon or himself, " a wee thing fou." Those who had not seen a ghost or boon " foil" must imagine wliat: they did riot- comprehend. He wpuin fuviiiah tho pieeo as his grandfather auglit liim to recite it. Tarn had a wife, with a tongue that made Tarn hear it on tho deaf side w his head. (Lnughter.) His' recitation of this poem and mimicry of ,tho „ " Sulky, sullen damo, withering her brows like gathering storm, J>lur8mg her wrath to keep it warm," gdinonishing hor absent Tain was very' good. Ho frn n'ilnaScri tho trariaitions ' neatly, passing. v1.. i 10 humorous to ' tho beau tiful and tlio lb'e. He was also successful in describing , Tam looking hi .wonder abd rapture at the witches dancing v in ;. Alloway's auld haunted kirk. Tarn's admiration o£_ Outty Sark in the danco was admirably delivered, with a fine sense of comic liumor. v ,; Triib; Avi8 ;hjs.bpst recitation; and it was frequently irit'errupte'dhvith laughter, and at tlie close with cheers. -Mrs;;Rfiss6llisang).trie ifldifavoritomir/jHTJiej , banks and braes o' Bonny Doon." ® Mr Nimmp, . in|.;resuniing, ; pvid: .thqjbosides being a so'rig;\vfit'er-Brir"iis wn's n pritlo'sopher ; as an illustration he recited a .passage on happi ness. Whatover tlid fiiulfs 'nf the poet were he had a good heart, and though social and got " a . wee _ fou" - sometimes ' he" was 110 -drunkard. Hayin'g.dicd/it 37.,he;t:orild;not lmvo written the poems he did'had' rie-beopja/lruiikrird. He was' ; of .a poetic temperariient, arid a little liquor knocked " him off. his pins." Ho was a re ligious ; man.!; i" The Cotter's Saturday Jf.igjit" was n'ipioturel of the father's; Iiome and.faniily. Mr Nittimo' recited several passages fronKthis famous poem, descriptive of trie cotter's life; the kindness of the family, tho tlirift of the wife, | and the admonition of the reverend father. He was especially effective in the lines— : ;;l : . " Oh happy love where love like is, found." Mr Nimmo here,- concluded.' the ' lecture, for which lie was very cordially cheered.' ' A Highlander (Mr Stewart) .herq.daneecl , the , Highland Fling to the piping of Mr :Mji)'qh'ald4 Or Elliott, in moving a vote of thanksVto.Mt Nimmo;. praised him for: his interesting aril iti-, jtelleetuallectureonBurns, the poet of the people. Mr Nimmo having, atgreatinconvenionce to him self, come to deliver the lecture,' lie wus entitled., to a .cordial vote of thanks. (Cheers.) ' Trie Rov. Dr M'Cay, in seconding tlie inotiori, made a humorous remark of an Irishman askitig as a favour to he made a Scotchman. .Though riot a Scotchman himself, he had BurrisVpoeriis beside hjm when . a boy, and learned .some thing, of the .Doric. Burns often rhymed .'for fun, because he could not keep it, but he was sometimes very serious, and) religious. .' Tripy were hero, however, that night not to praise: Burns, but Mr Nimmo, or, rather, his grand father tliat drilled: " Tam o' Shanter'' -into' him, that ho n over heard so well ' recited - before. We had learned from : the 'poerii ; wliafc; Auld Nick's favourite instrument was. ' (L'aughtor. ) He secoiideijl'the lriotioii.' (Cheers.)';;'" ;' . Mri/Niinmo, , in ' acknowledging ; the vote, assured. tho audience it would afford liim pleasure to. visit, Castlemaine again, but he would|,nqt come till the bridges were erected. He e'ntored sympathetically into the loss the district had sustained; and ;he would do his beat jyith the Government, to: contribute, to. the:.lpss'. The country! had .benefited much ; by: tho rain, and should' assist those parts that had-lost (by. the floods;" ' He coneluded by ' proposing.- a-- vbte. of thanks to the Mayor. ; V ; ; ' ' 1 ;i :<h; ' ..." Aujd Lang'Syije " was surig by the coni- pariy,' lqd by Mrs-' Russell, : then followed! the' "National Anthem." . . .- 