[THE FROZEN PIRATE.* BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of 1 Tho Wreck of the Grosvonor . * The Lady Maud,' 1 A Sailor’e Sweet heart,’ Etc. Crr.UTKn XXIX.—(COjmSL'BD.) * Day say/ said ho, * dnt Lunnon** a very ftno place, sail, bigger dan I’hiladclphy, and clrit a man’s skin don’ toll agin him among do yallor gals dcro,’ I laughed mid said, tlint. in my country people wore Judged rather by the colour of their hearts than by tho huo of their faces. ‘ But dollars count for something, too, wih, I spectaV* said ho. ‘ Why, yes,’ said I, 1 with dollars enough you cun make black white in England,’ ‘Hnra!’ cried ho, scratching his head. ‘I guess It *ud take an almighty load of dollars to mnko me whito, mossu.’ | Put roonoy in your pocket and cliiuk it,’, said I, * and your face’ll ho found whito enough, I warrant,’ * By golly 1’ cried ho, 1 1*11 do it den, S’olp mo do Lord, mnssu, I’d chink twenty year for n whito face, D«t comes oh bein’ civilised. Tcll’eo wluit doy daw, mnesa, day makes you i foelUko ttwluto man, but doy lots you k*cep block, blunt 'em V 1 t I checked his excitement by telling him that ’ I innty country ho would find that tho negro whs ft person held in very high esteem, that tho , women in particular valued him for that very ’ dinginesH which tho Americans found distaste ful, and told him that 1 could mimo several ladies of quality who hiul married their black servants. Ho looked surprised, hut not incredulous, iuid said in his peculiar clialeot that ho had no doubt I spoko tho truth, as ho had always heard that England was a fino country to live in. I then led him insensibly from this topic to balk of tho sea undine experiences, and found that ho had seen a very grout dealt having been freed when young, nnd keeping to tho ocean ever since in many different sorts of craft. Indeed, I was as much pleased with him us with Wilkinson, hut then I had fore seen a simplicity in both tho negroes, and in expectation of finding thih quality, ho useful to one in my strange position, I was ovurjoyod when they consented to help mu sail 'tho schooner to tho Thames. Wo went on deck to relieve Wilkinson nnd Cromwell. Billy Pitt took tho tiller, und I walked to either mil and stared into tho dark ness. It was very thick with occasional squalls of snow, which jmt a. screaming as of tortured cats into tho wind as they swung through it. The sea. was high, hut the schooner was making excellent weather of it, whilst she rolled und pitched through the troubled dark ness at seven knots in tho hour. ’Twas noble useful sailing, yet u sjwed not to bo relished in these waters nuiidso deenu shadow. Still the temptation to ‘ hold on all,’ as we say, was very great; ovary mile carried us by so much nearer to tho temperate parallels, and shortened to that extent tho long, long passage that lay before tis. I was pacing the deck briskly, for tho wind was horribly keen, when Pitt suddenly allied out, * I say, inassa !’ * IIullo,’ I replied. * Sah,’ ho cried, 4 I smell ico S’ I know that this was a capacity not un common among men who had voyaged much in the frost regions of the dec]),'and instantly exclaimed,4 Luff, then, luff! shake tho way out of her!’ suifiling ns I Hpoko, hut detecting no added shrewdness in the nir that was already frcezitigly cold. Ho put tho helm down, nnd I willed to tlm others below to come on deck und flatten in tho main sheet. They were up in a trice nnd tailed on with me, asking no questions, till wo had tho liooru nearly umicl 1 was about to speak when AVilkinson cried out, ‘I smell ice.’ He sniffed a moment: J Yes, there’s an Island aboard. Anyliody see * Ay, dcro it am, sure enough!’ cried Crom well. * Dero—on do leo*l>ow—see it, Kill? Sec it, Billy V* Yes, I saw it plain enough when I know where to look for it. ’Twas just such another lump of faintness us had wrecked tho Laughing I Mary, a mass of dull spectral light upon the throbbing blackness, and it lay exactly in a lino with tho course wo had t>een steering when Pitt i first cal led out, so that assuredly wo had not shifted our helm a rninuto too soon. A Vo chopped and wallowed past it slowly, keeping n. sharp look-out for like apparitions in other quarters, nnd when it had disappeared 1 made up my mind to hearo tho schooner to and keep her in that jjosturo till daylight, unless tho night cleared. So wo got "the mainsail down and stowed it, dewed up the top-sail (which I lent u hand to roll tip), and let tho vessel lie tinder a reefed foresail with her helm lashed. The weather, howover, must have ultimately compelled what tho thickness had required; for by ten o’clock it was blow ing a hard gale, with a frequent hoariness of clouds of SHOW'upon tho blucknoss, the seas yory high and foaming, and tho Mind crying madly in tho rigging. v , I let some time go by, and then sounded tho well nnd found no more water than tho depth at which the pump sucked. This did wonders in the way of reassuring tho men, who were rendered uneasy by tho violent motions of the unwieldy vessel, and by tho very harsh straining noises ivliich rose out of tho hold, which latter they would naturally attribute to tho craziness of * the fabric, though tho true cause of It lay in tho number of loose, movable bulkheads. 4 It’s amazin’ to mo that she holds to gether at all,* cried Wilkinson, 4 so ancient sho 4 She’s only old,’ said I, ‘ in the sound of tho years she’s been in existence. The ico has kept her young. Would tho hums and tongues we’ro eating Iks taken to bo half a century old 'i yet where could you buy sweeter and letter meat of tho kind ashore? A ship’s well is your only honest reporter of her condition. Ours bus vouched in a way that should keep * Arter do Huosaii Tucker dis is liko 1 icin’ hang up to dry,’ exclaimed ono of tho negroes. 4 It war pump, pump hero and no mistake. 1 cull dis a worry Iscautiful little sheep, musso ; yes, s'elp me. do Lord, derc’s nufliii could persuade me sho ain’t what I says However, I was up and down a good deal dur- * ing the nighty But for the treasure I should have been less anxious, I dare say. \ had come ho successfully to this point that I was resolved, if my hopes were to miscarry, the misfortune should not bo owing to want of vigilance on my part; and there happened an incident which inevitably tended to sharpen my watch fulness, though I was perfectly conscious there was a million to one a gainst its occuring a second timo. I came oil deck to relieve AVilkinson, at midnight, after a half-hour’s nodding dozo by the fumuco below. IIo went to his cabin : I Htood under tho Ico of n. cloth seized in tho weather muin rigging. Pitt arrived, nnd I told him ho could return to tho cook-house und stay there till I culled him. The helm being lushed, nnd tho schooner doing very well, nothing wanted watching in particular, yet 1 would not have tho deck abandoned, and meant to keep a look-out, turn and turn about with Pitt, as AVilkinson and Cromwell had. The snow had ceased; but it was very dark and thick, the ocean a roaring shadow; palpitating upon tho eyes in rolling folds of blackness, with tho quick expiring Hash of foam to Mind ward. On a sudden, looking over llio weather quarter, mothought 1 discerned a deeper shade in tho night there that was elsewhere perceptible. It was liko a great blot of ink upon the darkness. Even M'hilst l speculated, it drew out in the slmpe of a ship running before tho gale. She seemed to be heading directly for us. Tho roof of my mouth turned dry 'as desert-sand ; my tonguo und limbs refused their oflico; 1 could neithor cry nor stir, being indeed para* lvzod by tho terrible suddenness of that appari tion and tho'Imminence of our peri!. It all happened M'hilst you conld have told thirty, Tho grout black mass surged tip with tho water boiling about tho hows ;nho brought a thunder along with her in her rigging and sails ns sho soared to the crowns of the sens sho was*sweep ing before, I could not tell what canvas sho was under, but her speed uns a full ten knots, nnd as I did not see her till she wns close, she looked to como upon ns with n singlo bound. She passed us to windward u’ithin a stone’s throw, und vanished liko a dark cloud inciting into the surrounding blackness. Xot a gleam of light broke from her: you heard nothing but tiio boiling at her hows and tho thunderous pealing* of the gale iu her canvas, A quarter turn of the wheel would have Bout-us to tho bottom, and her, no doubt, on top of us. Whether she was the Susan Tuvhvi', or somo other whaler, or a big Splithtoea-man driven low and netting wlmt easting she could out of tho gale, I know not. She was ns complete a mystery of tho ocean night ns any spectral fabric, and a heavier terror to me tqun a phantasm worked by ghosts could have proved, I knew such a thing could not happen again, • yet when I called Pitt I talked to him about 1 us though wo must certainly he rgn fjown if ho (Jidijot kjicp a shjifp lqok-ouj, anil wlieq my Watcl) bcloM* came round at fouf o’clock I Was so agitated that I miis up nnd doMii till duv hrenk, as though my duty tyd pot end till | •filWWwfl bp special arrangewvat with Vfce author- \ Tim gale moderated at sunrise, nud, though it was a gloomy; into Cape Korn morning, with dark driving clouds, the sea a dusky olive, very hollow, nud frequent small quick squalls of sleot which brought the wind to us in sharp gnns, yet ns wo could see where we were going, I got the schooner beforo it, bonding her cast* north-east, and under a reefed topsail, main sail, and staysail, tho old bucket stormed through ^ it with tho sputter and rngo of a line-of-battle ship. There was a log-reel and lino on deck, and I found a sand-glass m tho chest in my cabin in which I had met with tho qundnuits, perspective glass, und tho like, and 1 kept this log regularly going marking a point of departure on tho chart tho American captain had given me, which I after wards found to bo within two leagues and a half of tho truo position. But for three days tko weather continued so heavy that there was nothing to lie dona in tho shape of gratifying tho men’s expectations by overhauling what was left of the cargo. Indeed, wo had no leisure for such work; all our waking hours had to bo strictly dedicated to the schooner, and in keep ing a. look- out for ice. But tho morning of tho fourth day broke with a (ino sky and a brisk breezo from a little to tho east of south, to which we showed ovory cloth tho schooner had to throw abroad, and being now by tlqad reckoning within a few leagues of tho meridian o£ (iOdeg., I shaped a courso north by cast by my compass, with thu design. o£ getting a view I oi &Uit;«n Island that I might correct ray cnlcu 1 latioiis. When wo had made sail and got our break fast, I told Wilkinson and Cromwell (Pitt being at tho tUlerJ that now was a good opportunity for inspecting the contents of the hold; und (not to bo tedious in this part of my relation, however I may hayo sinned ip -this respect elsowhcro) wo carried lanthorns below, and spent tho bettor part of tho forenoon in taking stock. From a copy of the memorandum I muda on that occasion (still in my possession), we discovered that tho Yankee captain had left us tho following:—Thirty casks of rum, twenty eight hogsheads of claret, seventy-five casks of brandy, fifty of sherry, and eighteen cases of beer in bottles. In addition to this were the stores in tho lazaretto (liesides a quantity of several kinds of wino in jars, etc.) elsewhere enumerated, besides all tho ship’s furniture, her guns, powder, small-arms, otc., as well as tho ship herself. 1 took tho meu into tho run and showed them thu chests, ojumiug tho little one which I had stocked with small-arins. ami lifting tho lids of two or three of tho others. Thoy were perfectly satisfied, fully believing all the chests to be tilled .with small-arms and nothing else, and so wo cuino away and returned to tho cabin, where, to pleaso them, I put down tho value of tho cargo at u venture, setting figures against each article, nnd making out a total of two thousand six hundred and forty pounds* This, of course, included tho * I tow much ’ll dat be a man, inassu V asked Cromwell. 4 Six hundred and, sixty pounds,1 I answered. The poor follow was so transported that, after staring at mo in silence with tho corners of his mouth stretched to his ears, ho tossed up his hands, burst into a roar of laughter, and made several skips about tho deck. 4 Of course,1 said I, addressing Wilkinson, 4 my figures xnny lie ahead or short of the truth. But if you are disposed to take tho chance, I’ll toll you what I'll do ; I’ll stand by my figures, accepting tho risk of thu value of tlio lading being less than what I say it is, und undertake to give each man of you six hundred and sixty pounds for your share. 4 Well, sir,’ said ho,1 I don’t know that I ought to object. But n. few pounds is a matter of great consequence to me, and I reckon if thesu here,goods and the weasel should turn out to bo worth more than ye otter, the loss ’ud go agin tho grit, ay, if ‘twere twenty dollars a I laughed, nud told him to let tho matter rest, there was plenty of time before ub ; I should bo willing to stand to my otter even if I, lost by it, so heartily obliged was I to them for coming to my assistance. And in this I spoko tho truth, though, as you will understand who | know mv position, 1 had to finesse. It wont against my conscience to make out that the chests were full of snmllumiH, but I should have been mad to toil them tho truth, and, perhaps, by tho truth made devils of men who were, and promised to remain, steady, temperate, honest fellows. I was not governed by tho desire to keep all tho treasure to myself; no, I vow to God 1 should huvo been glad io give them a moiety of it, Imd I not apprehended tho very gravest consequences if I were candid with them. But . this, surely, must l>o so plain that it is idle to go I on insisting on it. | The fine weather, tho golden issue that was to attend our successful navigation, the satis factory behaviour of tho schooner, puts us into u high good-humour with ono another; and when it came to my collecting all tho clothes in tho after cabins and distributing them among the three inon, I thought Billy Pitt and Crom well would have gone mud with delight. To the best of my recollection the apparel that had been left us by the American captain (who, as you know, had cleared the forecastle of tho clothes there) consisted of several coats of cut velvet, trimmed with gold and silvor lace, some frocks of white drab with large plate buttons, brocade waistcoats of blue satin und green silk, crimson and oilier coloured cloth breeches, ulong until some cloaks, three-corner hats, black and white stockings, a manlier of rutiled Blurts, and other articles, of which I recollect tho character, though my ignorance of tho costumes of that period prevents mo from naming them. Any one acquainted with tho negro’s delight i in coloured clothes will hardly need to he told 1 of the extravagant joy raised in the black breasts of Cromwell and Pitt by my distribution of this tine attire. The luce, to*)>o sure, was i tarnished, and soino of the colours faded, but I all tho sumo tho apparel furnished a brave show, and such was the avidity with winch the poor creatures snatched at the garment# as I offered them _ first to ono and then another, that I believe they would have been perfectly satisfied with the clothes alone as payment for their services. I made this distribution on thei quarter-deck, or little poop, rather, that all might bo present: Wilkinson was at the tiller, and appeared highly delighted with tho bundle allotted him, saying that lio might reckon upon a hearty welcome from his wife when she came to know what was in his chest. Tho negroes were wild to clothe them selves at once; I advised them to wait for tho . warm weather, but they were too impatient to nut on their lino feathers to heed my advice. They ran below and were gone half an hour, during which time I have no doubt they put on all they had ; and when at last thoy returned, their appearance was so exquisitely absurd that 1 laughed till I came near to suffocating. Each negro had tied a silver-laced bat on to his woolly head ; one wore a pair of crimson, tho other a pair of black, velvet breeches; oyer their cucumber shanks they had drawn whito Bilk stockings, regardless of tho cold; their feet wore uncased in buckled shoes, and their costumes were completed by scarlet and blue waistcoats which fell to their knees, and crimson and blue coats with immenso skirt?. What struck mo us most astonishing was their gravity. Their self complacency was prodigious; they eyed each othor with dignified approbation, and strutted with tho air of provincial mayors and aldermen newly arrived from tho presetieo of 4 Tlicy’re in keopin’ with the schooner, any wavs,1 said Wilkinson. And so perhaps tliev were. The antique fabric needed the sparkle of those costumes on her deck to make her aspect tit in with the imaginations she bred. But, as T lmd anticipated, tho cold proved too powerful for their conceit, and they were presently glad to ship their more modem trousers, though they clung obstinately to their waistcoats, and could riot ho persuaded to remove their hats on any account whatever. 