AWAKENED. Br Mas. S. 6. Aldbich. Sp cn a prcttj' liorao it was-janglAtarai- h®e, partially modernised, witkafng lwy w&dow.; broad iijazza, and Bunnyxgceedte, iuiYI nnld-Tasbicitii librch At tbei»CKpv#r wliicli idle morning glories ctombcretLtto S3ie widegrcen lawn in front sloped. dotyn tof graded tilinge street not tenimnute?1 wk fromii large feuinmer hotel. But back of the house acres and acres of rich, level' farm land' stretched tiway, where sleek catUc fed. and where big barns wailed for the luxuriant- crops of hoy and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying senson was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest farm in all the country round, ond when the young master, Willis -Clyde, five years before, brought lo it his pretty wife, Milly, people said she was n fortunate woman. But Milly in hor lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and some thing of n dreamer, and still had lliftt old- fashioned notion thai husbands ought to be lovers. And Will, though he liad lieen an ardent, lover, soon settled down after liis marriage to liis farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. Pretty brown-haired Milly ! How lovely, how dainty she was, with her junk and white face and her dove-like eyes! And though so young, site was a most cnjxiblc housekeeper, and the kindest mistress in the world, as Aunt Dolly, the cook, ond Norn, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in the rambling old house was tastefully arranged, and in immaculate order. She made charming toilets, too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But, oil, dear! she thought so often, with tenrs in her pretty eyes, "what is the use of changing my'dre'ssnt nil except for my own pleasure r Will would never know wheUier I wore a satin or a faded calico gown.'' He had bought for Iter own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way he would toss her the lines afterward made Milly remember, though Will forgot, that the happiness of life, to one woman nt least, was made up of little thing. Delightful afternoon tens she gave, some times indoors, sometimes on Die wide, toautiful lawn. And they were always hirgrly attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had ho-te of friends nt the big hotel and aliout the village, Other people were not un mindful of her charms if hor hu>hand was. And when sometimes at their tennis or cro quet Will passed through the yard tin his way to the house or field— Will, with his broad, handsome shoulders nnd drooping black inonstnrlm — and cmvlestiy touched hi- hat to Die players, for he knew them nil, the tell-tale llu-h on MillyV check, nnd the sparkle in her snft e\cs. showed how proud she was of her fanner husband, Willis t.'lvde was n handsome man. hand somer fnr lliaii own uri.-l erratic »al Hi vers, with liis tix fc"t uf stature, his Monde luou- taclie, and laughing blue eyes that could look so steclv. bitterly sarcastic, He und his mother and his Cousin Clare were summering at the hotel. They came early in June when Ne.nl was just recovering from a fever, and looked very umeli like a hmg- limtod ghost. Long ago he hail grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July lind gone, nnd the liery- mnuthed tijer lilic-. had opened their eyes 1 to I lie Mazing August sim-liine. | It wn< Die day for Lnngnn-ail picnic; a : slumbrous August day. almost sulphurous j with int 011.-0 iieat. 'ilie hmg. du.-iv road i stretched away like a winding white ht- j pent totween the green hedges, uiakiim | eieii the thought "f e«»«»l, sliudowv wood-! lands n delight nn sueli « morning'. Thev ' .-tiirted nt ten o clock ; .Milly, who could not coax Will tn go with her, riding with Die other- in a large van. Ncal Hirers ilrove hi Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious Die woods were after that dusty three mile-' drive ! Tliey were soon scattered about iu Die shady grove, looking liketropicul bird.-. Swings flj.-lied through the air, with tlu-ir lie Try burdens; long table.- were spread between Die trees, smit far bark in mmr cool retreat » bund played droainilv. .Millv" t'lij'Hivl it «H, hut .-he was ab stracted ami im.iv than usually quiM. M'ill could not come with her. und of late she found herself wondering if it wn> quite the tliino fur her to go so much without him. Xeal Hixer-wasiilwuv, «iDi her: why. Mm- told hersulf, slie really saw more of him in a week than she saw of her liu-hand. That .-urely was wrong. But why did he nion- upMi.-e h«T .-o. wlu-n lc knew she had a liu-hand ? lVrhnps, and she eaiight her luvsiDi qiiieklv. lie was lliriing with her. as Madge told him Die nth-r day he did flirt ; with everv girl, adding that Iteoiight to get a wife and .-(op ..«rb n.-j;-. ne. And though ! he kmghed, hi- face lluffied as he said ! rather impatiently. — J "If lhat i- my. »nly satojinrd. the etoitte. - | are that 1 may (lift nil my life, for 1 shall - never have n wife." He lmd a pleasant way of doing thing, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much at first, a if lie had to-en her brother; but . now. now she was suspicion- of everything, j ami flushed and pule. if she caught Iris eve- quite unlike herself. And Madge told ' liim "Jle WHS like fl re-De-- glio-t, and : « rvtild U.'f ke"jl quiet long enough to ruj.iy hiin-elf or let anybody . 1-e do After tie- delicious dinner. Xeal propo-ed that Madge and Milly should row with liim acro.-s the lake back of 1 lit' grove. to a little island where some run- ferns grew among the r-xks. At first Milly declined, but Madge per-i-ted >0 currc-Dy that she reiuc- , tanily consented. A.- it was cooler nmv. and quite a breeze wit- blowing. Ilmv had 11 merry. plensunt row. Wlmn the boa't's M loiiche.1 Die shore, and Mr. River w«> already 1 mded, Madge, ulm wit nlway- a ! can-l--- mai-l.-iK found to h.r di-mav Dial : -he had lo.-l one .ff the b -antiful br.'ic-l-t j In-r father bad given her only a short time 1 before. ) "Oh." sin? moaned. " 1 nnit goright back ' and look for it. Vmi go u.-hore villi Mr. ' Hivers. Milly. and wljcu I find it 1 will come directly back to you. Jloii't go for theb'rn i until l' couie, for 1 wain logo too." " OJi, no. Madge," M illy said, si urdilv. " I ' am going back to help yon find your brace- i "What fntilidiness, with all that crowd, of people to help ine, Milly! Flease get : out — the man can row -> much faster with out you." But Millv still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Hi vers, and Iter ' face showed it plainly. i "Come," he said, in that masterful way | he hud. holding out hi hand to help hef, I " t "ome. lit t|e Puritan, "ad- lingwitlin. -lightly ' snrea-tic laugh, "then' are 110 tours on Die j island to devour 11s while Madge j gone, so do mil fear. 1 have tovn here to- forc and know every foot of it." And 115 he saw her vexvd, fiuhe.l face lie laughed again, lint aim gave him her hand ami stepped ashore. They wont a little wny up the bank, to when- a large maple threw its cool shadows, ami after Mr. Hi vers hud arranged Milly's shun 1 over Die stones so as to make a com fortable seat, he threw himself on the grass beside her. fanning himself with his straw hut. They ml thus n good while, «ot talk ing much, watching the lieut quiver ucro-s the lake like molten silver. For the breeze had gone down again, nnd again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds otocured tlie sun, now nnd then, and in the west, huge thunder-heads" piled themselves up. But they look no notice Dint a shower was coming, one of thos': sudden downpours Unit only come in the lurid heat of dog. days. It was two hours by Mr. Briers' watch, nnd Mill no Madge, no Imat. " That cureless girl has probably forgot ten all about us." he said, rising. The suit was obscured by thi time, nud there wes a low moaning of wind through the leaves. Be looked about hastily, taking in the situation at a glance. How could he have been go careless 11s to take no heed that a shower was coming? For even as lie looked there was a flash ond the first nmflled roll of thunder. How while Milly's face grow! Ever since she could remember, elie had been frantically afraid in a thunder shower. Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly fainted with fright, and now— "To the boat-house, quick! ll is our only shelter," he said, hastily faking her hand. ' They readied it just as the first wild torrent of ruin dashed down, lie mode the clumsy door fast, nnd then went hack to where she was standing— for there was nothing to sit down upon hut Die floor, She put out her hands and caught his arm hiding her eyes against his sleeve. As lie saw hoy white Die was he drew liis own breath hard, put his other arm around her and let her lean there. ' Afterward, when Die ocean rolled lie- tween Diem, U10 memory of that pure, trusting, girlish face against his arm wu like a shield, about him, the whisper of a "peace, be still," to hie storm-tossed soul I t prcw vciy dark in (lie l»au,01tk liglitcd only liy tiro small windows „t oitlior end; one could scarcely see tin. of it. The lightning was appalling, J)ic thunder terrific, nnd the rain 1«at and "iiliirrcd against the windows— and so lliov waited. Sometimes, when lier clasping fingers lightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge lle brushed her hair soothingly, and told'her not to tremble so; the worst of it must soon bo over, and tliey could go out again. fr hon at last it was over, flic boat camo hack for lhem. Tliey crossed in safety and were soon with the others in the' over crowded lit tie cottage nenr the grove where they had takeiL refngn. itiiil.v looked pale and ill from lier fright, and A'eal was so quiet that Madge told liim he "appeared to have fallen upon peace fry the way-side " for liis restlessness ot the morning was ail gone. The carriages came at. Inst, tho jnr,,0 vnn and Wilson, the conchman, with Mr Hivcr ' horse and buggy. ' B "Madge," Nenl said in his authoritative manner, as he aiuie into the hull, " yon will ride in the van, and Milly must goto tho buggy with Clare; she ie tired." " Ifobodj- else is 1 nipjiose,"- Jfa.lgo answered m a vevod tone - Juny lnaJ„ of better flesh and blood than the rest of up " " I know that," lie said, ' so you are goine in the vnn with me, and Wilson will drive Clare and Milly in Die buggy." And though Milly did not wish it she was too tired to nrgue the point, and he had his wny, Next day die had a ticrroits headache, and kept her room until nearly night. Tin' girls came to see her, Madge ciinlteringliku a magpie, and pitied her, because hor lx<:id ochea, and told her how " wretchedly dull it had been all day with Ncal also siVk, or if he wna.not sick lie was cross und stupid, and bad lounged on the piazza all day, not- even reading. At night 6ke crept downstnirs into the parlour, when Will came in to rend hi.> paper, and sat down near hiui loaning ln-r jiuadonhis knee. She wanted to tell him of her stay in the boai-hnuse with Mr. Hirers, because she thought she onylit in, and he liad evidently toon much won i-sl about her voM onlay, knowing how timid she was in'a shower. But niter ho found out there was a house near hy where liny took refuge, he said no more. " .So she bo.m at nncc giving him tlie outline of the story riqridly nnd in a low tone ; the row, the tot, braciTet, the shower, nnd her stay in tin- tout-house with Mr. Hirers while it lasted. When she had finished, she wailed with burning cheeks for liim to scold her. But Will, who to do him credit, had not lieiinl ten words of what she w:is saying, nothing hut a confusvd jumble of a boiit-housc, anil ferns, and .Madge, said irritably,— " How jiersistont you are, Silly! What do 1 care for those people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with limn if you like, hut don't export me to he Interested. 1 want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she criinl herself lo sleep wondering why Will did not care atout such u thing as that. She silt in the cool porch the next morn ing shelling peas, when Die girls came for her to play teunis. But Milly shook her head resolutely. " No," fhe said, "a housekeeper has other things to do in the morning than play tonni-." " We s-hnll have to send Ncal for you, then," said Madge. " He charged us not to come hack without 3-011.'' And though Milly lelt In-r cheeks hum, she answered,— "You need not semi Air. llivcrs. Why should I go for him more than for yon ? Why. indeed? But ten minutes later ho sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laugh ing face in at the door, ami said gnily,— "Couio Millv, wo wunt you. I)"ii t refuse— wc shall to' all going in a fow weeks you know, and then you can slu-ll peas all winter.'' A" she ran up-taire to brush her hair and get ready, she thought, — "What is the use? I may as well go, for a lie says, liny will t-uo'n to gone, all of them. und'Dieu 1 can do penance, and— and -Will doesn't tare/' After that .-he never refined to go with her Ir i 1 1 1 ! - anywhere She valhud, ret-, went < filling, pluyed games, went to tint hops at tlie hotel to watch the dancers, in ,-hort, drifted whichever way the wavo carried her: toeiiuso they wanted her, and because " Will didn't cure " The night amis full of moonlight and Dm sofi chirp of crickete. It was the hto top of the season. To-morrow many were going home, among them Neal Hivers and liis mother and Cou-in Clare, to sail for Madge At as diM'oreolate. A she pa-e-J Neril oil til-' |>i:i77.:i. ll<» CilUghl ll'T ami. " llii-n't Millv come Vet?" he said ex citedly. " No," she answered. " 1 am going now to ,-ee Avliy." "Hef-'. give her this." lie .-crawled a fcAV words 011 the back of one of |ii> cards, in the moonlight: — Come hack with Madge. You niuM <ny guuil- liy. Nkai..' Soonr-r than he thmmht H»-.-ibh' Day came. J|e -!,».«! on the hotel step uaitoig f.«r Diem, his hand# crowded into Ins pockets, hi- face horribly pale in the wu'-u- liidtt us he look-1 down upon her fuc-. Wen1 you not coming ?" No," wearilv. Then lie put h.T hand on liis arm. awl they walked slowly down 1he yard inm tV moonlit gunlcn. rsuddeiily he turn-1 h<-r about ami looked into the piteous white face. # . " Little wild hinl, your heart is Ftrielc n. loo, tovaiteo we miPt h<\- parted -and nuu- , oh. Hen\en, mine i breaking!" '".Say good-hy, und let ine go, sic iiant-'-l. Hi- hand trembled; lie gnawed hi- nioip- toclie fi-TC-'ly. "Millv. 1 low you," pleadingly. " '«» Avith ine over the twean. You niuM ->"» shall ! 1 cannot go without you ! I lew J" wanted any other woman for inv wife J will iieMT have uny other. MiDi y»u I can be a good mull,' without you 1 tiia.. lrift to Hades! Dome, come, my darhiij.' . lie will not care— he is hard and odd. j'i a week Ire will forget he ever had yon. 'J your two small handrt you hold my fate Millv. litth' brown-haired Milly'." " Millv- little brown-haired Mills'. j»-t what Will had said, with his arms ab-i.t, her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled Avith Die soft hum of crickets. Oi« r and over the words rang themselves m « i am n plain mini, not given to jnanv wordy, but I h-ve you, .Milly, darling, htt ' brown-haired Milly !' F And woven iu somehow with the bar ot moonlight and the humming crickets w"ro those other words in letters of fire : "» hot. therefore timl hath joiued together, let tot- man put a-undor!" Down the garden path she fled Itoc a wounded doer; jiauting, eager, brentme.-.-, she did not stop until she threw here-ll across the bed in hor own room, and fainted dead away. , Two days later, when she crept noun- stairs in the morning sunlight, with h, r pale, shadowy face. Will, waiting «l ,':i" foot, held out liis arms und clasped her to him, awakened at lost. 