The Canadian Colors. A very pleasing ceremony was performed in the vestibule of the Town Hall at 12 o'clock yester day, when the colors of the Dominion of Canada were presented to Mr. J. C. Bounding, F.E.G.S., in recognition of his initiatory services in con nection with the proposed Canadian Pacific Mail and Cable Services. His Worship the Mayor presided, and there were also present on the plat form Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir John Sobertson, the Hon. iidmund Barton, M.L.C., and Messrs. John Hurley, J. P. Abbott, M. J. Hammond, Captain Ghost, and B. E. Wise. In making the presentation, the Hon. Edmund Barton pointed out the very great advantages the Canadian-Pacific mail and cable services would be to Australia. He traced the history of such from the fiist movement in connection with it. The efforts of the Pacific Eailway Company were being well and ably backed up by the Canadian Government, and .£100,000 which had been granted for the mail service between Canada and England by the former Go vernment would, in all probability, be supplemented by a subsidy from the Imperial Government. It was very important that this service should be secured to Sydney, and if we were to spend money in subsidising a service it would bos -well to choose the quickest, safest, and one instituted by our own race. It appeared to him that these colonies should not rest satisfied with virtually only one cable route, and it was therefore eminently desirable that the proposed Pacific cable service should be established. He then, in a few appropriate remarks, presented the colors and an address to Captain Bounding. The address, which was designed by Captain Ghest, and illuminated by.Messrs. John Scott and Company, of 2S2, George-street, Sydney, read as follows : — ' Captain J. C. Bounding, F.E.G.S. — Dear Sir, — We, the undersigned, desire your acceptance of the accompanying flag,, that of the Dominion of Canada, as a sbght token of our appreciation of the valuable services you have rendered towards the initiation of the proposed Canadian Pacific mail and cable services to these colonies, and remain, dear sir, yours sincerely — Sir A. Stephen, Hon. E. Barton (Q.C., M.L.C.), J. P. Abbott (M.L.A.), John Harris (Mayor of Sydney), B. E. Wise (ex-M.L.A.), Henry Austin, George Camp bell (-manager New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company), N. E. Cowlishaw, Frank Far nell (M.L.A.), J. Abbott (Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co.), A. Hutchison (M.L.A.), Major T. A. Par rott, Henry Prince (Prince, Ogg, and Co.), F. J. Thomas (manager H.E.N.S.N. Company, Limited), J. Vincent Welch (joint see. Commercial National Assurance Co.), J. E. Talbot (ex-president Trades and Labor Council), J. Myher and Co., E. E. Arm strong (E.N.), Geo. Colquhoun (Allen and Alien),' Captain E. Craig, Captain E. C. Ghest, J. Hurley (M.L.A.), Sir E. E. M'Evoy, W. Neil (manager City Bank), Potts aud Paul, J. E, Street (M.L.A.), F. G. Weaver, Hon. E. H. D. White (M.L.C.), John Lennon (President Trades and Labor Council), John Bennett (Macquarie-street), G. A. Buck, J. P. Franki, (J.P., manager Mort's Dock and En gineering Co.), H. D. Porteous (manager N.S.S. Co., Ld.) The latter, in replying, claimed only to have done his duty, and he would, therefore, to do nothing more than tender his thanks to the gentlemen in Sydney who had. rendered him so ?liuch assistance. He also begged to tender his best thanks to the press for the generous and un biassed manner in which they had ventilated any matter or correspondence bearing upon the sub ject of the proposed service. Captain Ghest explained that there was con siderable difiiculty experienced in getting this flag made in Sydney, but Messrs. Potts and Paul had succeeded in executing the order most satis factorily. Sir Alfred Stephen and several other speaLers also expressed tbeir views upon the subject, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. 