r.liOADBIUM'S NEW YORK LETTEB. v Oh ! ma jolie petit parfumae. Mon Dieu I Mon Dieu ! c'pfc possible, c'efc possible. Touch her not scornfully. Think of her mournfully, Uently. humanly. Nat cf the stains on her, ■ All that remains of her Now i» puirly womanly. On my way down to Wall Street, last week, to take a look at the Bulls and Bears, I strolled into James Silvos' auction room, and there, on long tables, duly catalogued, lay the posthumous romains of pretty little Marie Aimeo, the queen of the Opera Bouffe. Here they were, tossed and tumbled by the curious crowd, many of whom had never seen her name till they had read it in the catalogue ; and yet what brilliant visions of past enjoyments and past triumphs these glittering gew gaws call up. Crowded houses Tilled with youth and beauty, wealth and fashion ; and how the mad crowd greeted her with cheers and flowers as she suddenly sprung upon the stage, a vision of wondrous beauty, llow sweet she looked ; how archly s'ue acted, how brilliantly she sang—sway ing with the magic of hor ravishing voice the hearts alike of men and women, as few act resses have done in the present century. Young mon madly worshipped her, and the old felt the current of the heart grow quicker as they sat beneath tho wondrous spell that this arch enchantress cast upon them. Only an actress, that's all! only an actress, and yet around her brief life cluster more bright and sunny memories, than any woman I now wot of in this generation. Sunshine was born in her, care and sorrow flow af frighted from her presence, as the darkness flies beforo the bright rays of tho morning sun. But wasn't, she very wicked? Not that I know of. But people talked about her, didn't they ? Oh, yes! I believe bo. No doubt they have talked about you ? Yes, they have. Was it true 1 O no, certainly not. Then, perhaps, it might have been the same with poor little Marie Aimoe, at least let us hope so. And now that she can no longer say a word in her own defence, but stands in the presence of the Everlasting Judge, we can safely leave that question between her and God. Let us look over this little world of vanities. Hero are two boxes of exquisite workmanship, filled with all these unnamable little toilet articles so dear to the female heart. Beautiful instruments in ivory and steel, with others in silver and gold. And here in these little drawers are the pomatum pots, colore and brushes with which she added an extra touch to those ex quisite charms of which nature already had been so lavish anfl so bountiful. As I look along tho tables, I find dresses well remem bered, that illustrate the whole range of the OperaBoufl'e, "La Marjalain," "La Petit Due," " La Fille de Madam Angot," "La Brigand," "La Grand Duchess," "La Bello Holene," " Gerofle Gerofla," and many others equally famous. Every one was a triumph, and every one was the talk of the town for months after its production. The tunes became infectious. They were heard everywhere. Hand organs ground them out under our windows at night, and refused to move on till thoy were subsidized old ban kers hummed them as thoy footed up their lodgers; brokers whistledthemas they looked at tho ticker for a rise in stocks; grave old deacons heard tho magic strains ringing in their ears as they showed country visitors to the free pews on Sunday, and tho fashionable church organist followed the pastor's most brilliant .sermon with sweet gems from The Petit Due" or " Gerofle Gerofla," while tho wondering congregation listened in rapture and declared that it beat Coronation all hol low, and was better than 11 Moody and San Tt is quito a number of years since this syren appeared among us, and from the first she set foot upon our stage, till she left us to go home to die, she was followed by a wor shipping multitude. Wealth flowed in upon her in a golden stream; but she never knew the value of money, and she scattered it like chaff to the winds. Then for several years she left us, toreigna popular idol in her own beloved Paris. When she returned the bloom had faded from her cheek. Ths rich tones of her voice were gone; her fast life was rapidly weakening her; her step was no longer as lightsome and as buoyant as of old; and at Inst completely protfarted, she returned to her loved Paris to die. Str.fii'ge paradox! life had been to her liko one long summer dream, yet when brought face to face with death she faltered not; but with a light jest upon her lips she yielded up the ghost. Nor were loving friends wanting in her extemity to smootn her perilous pathway through the dark valley. A priest of the Holy Catholic Church knelt at her bedside rtnd orfci'eci its! erring pltikl its most Siicred (hid liopeftil ct'iisoldtiOii, A Sister of Chrtrity pressed the tirtieifix iil he? liarid and fchfe Koly ptit'st Cro'ssett tlie sacred (jjittsffl HfjtJi li oil lier forehead, and with a loot of fridinr?t* Wfiisj tri^ffrrl, unfaltering and fearless, she crossed in art instant the narrow bound thatdivides eternity from time, there to rest safo and serene in the keeping of Him who said to the erring wpjnan of Samaria, "Neither do I condemn ulit?.' »nd sin no, more. It is useless to liioftilf/f# on these_ lives, I Jviiow men and women by scores t/h'J have pile<5 Up Wenl.1]1 tho million, who have been the pillars of the cituTfJ1.05* have hovered about Sunday Schools,~ TFno •-J®™ >he Boanerges of prayer-meetings, and who tevor tasted a mouthful of food without ;race before meat, and yet in nil their lives ihoy never gavo as much Imppmes to any miviau being as this young croatui'e conformed tpon thousands in rt single houi'i Ffivil, if }-oU plettae) but thefd WilS nothing of ovil in lier heart; rtiid fclie thoiisrinds of jtilgfiiils wiiOj for yeafs £d ddnify irill hrtrig eiiapiet:j bii the fccintb whic'li marks hdi1 last fesfciri£=p](loe in l'f ere 1ft dlMse/' will i'Shleiitbef lidi* as orie pf tllfci flddt'dafcj brightest; siirlniestiittle women bhat hria ever tr&i; the stage Qi Europe or America: Mi^fdrtitrle§ iiefter iioni^ singly. The dread dl-y, ttesfin.il* ffijiii tile" Yiflley^ 6'f. tlfp, Gorfne niaiigh lifts teuiiiiad bvliry-lionJe lii tji'S St^ite of JST ew York. New York aud Bf'oolclyn which are virtually one, raised a half a million of dollars in a few days, and/will raise a million more if necessary. Away from the Pacific comes a sorrowful wail, for the beau tiful city of Seattle is wiped from the face of the earth. Over fifty millions of dollars swallowed by flood and fire. In the midst of this terrible calamity it is a gratifying thing to see the manner in which all classes have come to the aid of the suflererB. Littlo school children have taken their dimes and their nickleu from the savings bimkB. and carried them to their schools to help to swell the general fundi Policehten have gone from lltjuSii to house, and in Brooklyn; ill two days colieoti3ci thirty tlidii^artd dollat's b'y this method alone. Many ladies liaVo pdJ-'dliiised whole pieces of cotton and flannel, and sitting down to their sewing machines have made them into garments for the little sufferers. All the churches are doing their duty in n truly christian spirit, and the Grand Lodge ofMa'sons which methere this week, expressed its sympathy in a check for two thousand dol lars. If I have not devoted a greater space in these letters to the terrible and over whelming calamities of the last two weeks, it has been through no lack of sympathy or interest, but because every local and metro politan newspaper ill the laud has contained little else foi iiie to ilieiltioll: Truly yd'irs, BROAfiBRiM. 