COMiMOl)DORE J UNK.* BY G. MANVILLEJ FENN. Anthor of " ThoParson o' Dumford," Etu. CHATER X. A una traw o . Theo'laws were. tremendously. tringont it tlhose; days when it was conidhered. much easier to bring an offender's b:ad eitreer to an, end thari to keep him at the nation's expese';' anid'-when the stealing" of a shcep ''was considered a einao to be punisahed with dea4th, an attack upon the sacred plerso oforie *of tho king's officers by a couple of notorious .rdw-breakcrs was not likely to be looked upon lenlcuntly -by.a judge well-knoivn for stern 'aentences. Mut a jury of Davon nmen was sitting upoe thb offence of Abel Dell and Bart Wrim ey, Sandifeeling disposed: to- dal easily with oupiple of young fellows whose previous bad *chilracter was .all in. .connection with snaggllng,. a crime with tleo said jury of a "ver ight dye, certainly not black. ..Abel anid Bart escaped the rope, and wore son-. totciidtotiansportationtoone of HisaMajesty's colonies in the West Indies, there to do con-. ict work in connection with plantations, or tthe making of. roads, as their taskmaustors *m ight think fit." ' • , " " Time glided by, and 3ary Dell found that he' life at home had become insupportable. .She was not long in finiding that, now.that' .sho was left alone and'unprotected, she wad not to beo';.fo from perscution. Her con teriptuous rejection of Captain Armstrong's advances: eemed to have the effct of 'tceain f hin s persecution; anl't o neove int -t'the end of a couple of months Mary Doll :saton oneo ofthe rooks outido" the cottage dori,'gazing .out to 'sa:, and watching the -h.if Bal westwnrd, as she wonderedwhether Sthse'l on boaid would ever seoe the brother who seemedto be all that was loft to her in 'thblworld1 ~That particular night tho thought which :had .been hatching n. her brain ever since Abel-had becu sent away flow forth'fully ldged and ready, and she rose from where Sshe had been sitting in the evening sunshino, 'an walkedinto th cottag ; "' =fary Dell's proceedings would have 'aoitod"a smilo from' an observer, but the tottago stood alone. . She had heard that Captain Armntrong was from home and not epected back for a week, and there was no i=or of prying Oeyes as the sturdy, well-built girl took down a looking-glass from where it hung to, a nail, 'and, placing it upon the table, propped it with an old jar, and then seatng:hcerself before the 'glass, lho folded hierxrms; rested them fpon the table, and nat fori'qiiitc an hour gazing at herself in the mtrror.. ' Wo0ianly vanity P Not a scrap of it, but finn,.imtcioed purpoao; deep thouglt; calm,' c uldatinag,.observation Ieforo taking a step 'that ite to influcic her life.. 8he rose after a time and walked into her brother Abel's bedroom, where heo stayed for some nSmirmtes, and then with' a quick, redolutto' step she' re-entered 'the cottage kitchen; thrust the few embers together that buined "upog th hearth, took a pair of sciseors from a box, and ihgain seated herself befor, the glass. The sun was setting, and filled the slate floored kitchen with light which flashed back from the blurred looking-glass, and cast a Curious glaro in the girl's stern countenance, with its heavy dark brows, sun- browned. ruddy ohecks, and gleaming oyoa. The sharp seissors had pssed through ono loeiof the nmnusive black tresses which ash had shaken over her shoulders, and which thni rippled to the cottage floor. Snip! I, " .I Another cut,,:and two locks had fallen. IheOn mpidly s8ufi,. ani,, snip-a curious shick, sarp ni"p--and the great waves of glorious hair kept falling as the bare, ndn burned; ruddy ann played heroand there, and thb stelbliidesglitteredandopencd andolosed, as:if ann, hand, and scissors formed the neck, eoad, and'angry bill of' sonue fierc, bird otfacking that well-sliaped ''heid, rind at. ovpry map took off a thick tress of hair. It was not a long task, anmd when thelhair had all fallen, to lie around, one curious ring of gloay.black tresses, there were only a 'few gsnips togivi' heru and there'to' finis"''off .tohs1 t'nd'tiwo long, ultidly spots, iitd.then he girl rose, and with; a cold, haird'look upipn her frowiainh fiate lio stooped,. and stooped, and'at *c' I rising;' cast a great tress of hair, to where thu flrmos' leaped, 'and sized it, scorching the loiks,' which writhed, ad ,curled, and flared,, and crackled'as if alive,whil as if to aid the idea that slio was destroying noinethilng living, a peculiarly' pungcnt odour aroso, is of btrmingI flesh, nd tillled the room." ' r . i.nhour later, ju?t 'as the red mr on rose sldvly above the surface of the osa, a sturdy lolong young mani, with a stout stick in one' tand--tho very stick which had helped to blabour Captain Armlntrong---nd a blnidldI tied up in .a landce.rliibf beneath his arm, stopped oiut of tiio-'"ioltaio, changed tho'key rom -inside to t , 6 idb,. closed tho old door, locked it, dragged oit tho key,' and wvith a sudden jerk sent it flying far out into lo'p, wated r beyond the rocks,. where it fell witha dlullplaA /followed byapeculiarhisaiir g ;qsui,? as thio waves-at. hligh water nirhed b ik over the finoe ahingle at the thiower'a eeit.: -. ýThere was a shiirp'look round'thenl but no one was in sight ; nothing to be heardbut 'tih Iimssing waters,' and tlth. 'splashin, gasping, and srmimking sound, as the tido iwnaynd in'and out .aiioug the masses of ;ione. .Then the flgini trtned once mabro to thho,ceottage,' 'gazed at it fixedly for a- few.. min6mdiits, tbook a stop or. two aviay; but' .i#rng" back directly,, with an exceedin hbtteciry, and kissed the' rough unpainten, woodwork 1again *" and hagain- with rapid ationu.and tlhin dashed off to the foot of the cliff, and climbed :ralidly- til he heep-track -tho 'faintly-.c,.i path thait :led towards Slhpton LTa -and' tlu oldil' hall, vwhere thi capthinstill stayed with hi young wife, and lon'oined j tio , west riad .wahich led to Ply nouthitown. . ' ' liho risky pa'rt of toerck'was passed ;anda the open and. down-like 1patmurostoyond the liffs wore, rcnclhe ; and , hero, with the moon boginning tohrow tlie shadow of the travcller far forward and in weird-looking 1mgth, tlio original of that shadow strode dn niinfully for another quarter of a mile,- when all at once tleoro was a stopp:ige, for another Sgnro-was seen coming fiom -tlie direction of' "1o0ros8 8 and the mooi shiining full upon the find alowed plhilly who it hwas. ' " Therowas no questio of, identity, for theat aemning, nftoe moro thanl his custonmlry sodicum of .wine, Captain James Armstrong' whosoejournoy haodbeiei' lpatponod-ha, nub"bedhleus younlgi fe?iO cuelly, quarrellud with ins. cousin .'Imnphlroy, w?o 'had boren thero to dine, and then left tho housd; deter infed; to' godow'Itd:. ira, Del's' solitadry cottago; . ' ' ,, .... .,* ' -.!ir'ma'fool,' .ho said; "Ihaven't"been fiimr enough withl thi; liandsome cat.', She seratehed. Well,, cats have claws, and when i havei taught her how to purr nicelyshe'll oeep them always sheathed."" I'll brin' 'her to ber senses to-tiightli; once and for all." 'W ho..otho devil's, this P" muttered tho htain. " mph sailor on thle tramp to mouth.. Weil, he won't know mo 'I won't turn back." ... ' "? strdo onadozon yards and theno topped :ehort, as the flur beforeolaimnihad stopped. a fow momont 'before; and thlon'"* ca lngo hno ovor the alupct of thoc aptain.\: His ikn-meashook," his face :turnced ,wet, and his "-It"'wi horriblo, but' liorob"could lIeo'" cmistake. '. '", ,'" ,, . ; , .,beol Dell i.' e. c'.ied. lioarsoly, ' s he .l1eopd at the Idea that t'l brotler .had tiornod in spirit, to save his sister from all Jarm .; .. . , . -. . .. . . i Out bf'my pathI'" ning forth in answori othvoico bicmg loud, nimpori el?" aud fiereo ; and then, in a 'tono .of .Intonuij lilitred 'aitd 'iupprrsced pnssedn,.tio ono.word--. Dog 1" ..As' tlio lat word rang:out there 'was a jwhistling as of d i'tick passing through the air, a tromendoel'thid,'aid-ti i'tl p?r n fell ihdllong upon th" roky groud.;: ......, , '.,.Tuin tltcro was utter sisneo as the young sailorplacodono foot upon thd prost'atoman's chest, stamped u pon it savagely,'and strodo v'[.Tls erilht to halus"h tJ. ale has been paur rsased. esm teo paoUl rs, esmw,.sura 5ad C.ompmny LimIteld, of Londona d Mbo e. .. ou right away over the wild country bordering the sea. Thefigreloomed up once in the moonlight, as the captain rose slowly upon one elbow, and. gazed after it-to see that it seemed to be of supernatural proportioni, and thcei ho sank bokii aain with a itroii;;: . . It's pii'rit," he said ", oorne back to, her ;" and then tho poltroou faiited dead away. , .. . CHAPER XI.. ou PLWA. ON. I • TIE riASTATIOb. ; SSomeone singing a west-oduntry ditty. " JIti'slo.i-aek eyv*.--"'''; ' - ,'-' SA paite in the singing, and the striking of several blows witha, rough. hoo,' the to destruction. of wdeds in a coffec-plantation ; while, as 'the chops: of the hoo. struck the clods of earth, the fetters woraby the striker gave forth faint cliuks; .- - : Then in 'i pleasant musical voice the singer wonton with another line : " And lis curlyh/air--" *More chops with the hoe,, and clinks of the fetters. " JripfieigOt cost s- A heavy thmnp with the back of the tool to an obstinate clod, wch took several more stiokes before it'crumbled up ; and all the timethe fetters, clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with the sweet old minor air with its childish words. " " Did my heart eu f eie- " SChop I chop! clink! clink ! clank I " Goentelf he iw---" " S",Bltn rake likeyou." o" Oh, I say, Abel, imato; don't, lad, .don't." , ... .. ., . t' Don't what '" saidd Abel Dell, resting on his hoe, and looking up at big Bart Wrigloy, clothed liko himself, anned.witha hoe, and .alsodocorated :with"fctters, as o stod wiping ,tho parpiration from his forelieead." ' .... - . " .. ..' ' " Don't sing that- there old song. . It do make me feel so unked." " - . ; ' Unked, Bart I Well, what if itdoes ? Tlheso'are unkeddays." ,`,' ` ' " Ay, but each time yousing that, I seem to see the rocks along by the shoro at home, with the ivy hangi down, and the sheep feeding, and the sea rolling in, and the blue sky; withgulls -flying, and it makes me fool like a boyagain, and big asI am, as if I should cry." " Always wore liko a i boy, Bart. IHo away, lad, the overseer's fooking." Bart went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend's example, as t sour looking,. yellow-faced man came by, in company with a soldier loosely shouldering his musket. Bnt they passed by without speaking, and Abel continued : " There's sea here, and blue sky and sun shine." . " Ay," said Bart,. "there's sunshine hot enough .to fry amackerel. : Plac is. right enough if you was free; but it ar'n't home, Abel-it ar'n't home." " Home I no," said tie young .manh; savagely; But we have no home. 'She spoiled that." There was an interval of wced-clopping and olod-breaking, the young men's cu aium clanking loudly, as they worked now so. energetically that the overscer. noted their proceedings, and pointed them out a examples to an idle hand. "Ah-. you're a hard 'an, Abel," remarked I Bart; after a time. " Yes ; and you'ro a soft 'un, Bart. ' She could always tnrn you round her little 1 finger." :u"Ay,bless hir I and she didn't tell on us. 'h Yes, she did," said Abel, sourly ; and he turned his back upon his companion, and toiled away to hide the working of his face. . : . The sun shono down as hotly as it cani hino in the' West Indies, and the coarse shirts the young'men wore showed patches of moisture whord 'the perspiration cameo through '; but ' thel' worked on, for the laboir deadened the misery in tlhir breasts. 1 ' And yet it was a very paradise as far as nature was concerned. iun had spoiled itas far as lie could, his cultivation being but a poor recomipens for turning so lovelya spot into aplantation worked by convicts-by men who<'fouled-tho ambient air each moment they opened their lips ; while, from time to itnno, thod carth was staidied with blood. ' : In thli distatncoshone the sea, mid between thoplantation and the silver coral sands lay patches of virgin forest, where the richest and most luxuriant of tropio'growth revelled' in the heat and ioistnre, whilo in the sunny patohes brilliant tlowers. blossomed. Then camruo wild tanigle, cane-brake, and in one pluce, where a creek indented the land, weird looking managrovs spread their leafage over their muddy scaffotds of airial roots. " -'How long have we been here, mate ?" said Bart, after a pause. " Dunio," replied Abel, fiercely. Heri ho begt n l;opping moroe vgorosly. I : " Hd loiong will they keep u.inu:this hero I place !" said BDrt, after another interval, and I1 holooked from thi beautiful shore at the bottom of the slope on which they worked to the cluster' of' stone and wdcid-built buildings; which formed the piisioi tiid the E station farm, with' factory and mill, all worked bjr conviet labour, wliil those in the neighbourhood were managied by blacks. . Abel did not answer, only scowledfiercely, and Bart sighed and repeated his question. "'Till we die !" said Abel,- savagely ; ac same as we'vescen other fellows dio-of fever aod hard-work, and the lash.- Curseo the captain. - Curseo--" -' -.' . -" r ' Bart clappcdobiu hand over his'cdmpaniion's t lips, and he hold the' other behind his head, k dropping his hoo to leave full liberty to act ... .. , . " Iniver quarrels with you, Abel, lad," i he said, Aortly ; lut if you says words again I that poorgcll, I'm going to fight-and that won't do."' Is it casy?"', - " SAbel seemed- disposed to struggle ; but he gave in, nodded his head, and Bart loosed ] him and'picked up his 'hoo just as the over seer, whho'had -come softly up. behind; brought diwn' the whip he carribd. with stinging violence across the shoulders of first one and teth th other.. .. . i, ; The young men sprang. round savagely; but there was a dmntry -close behind; musket- I armediand withbakyondt fixed,.and theylmnow thrit fifty soldiers were withincall, and thatif 1 they .strck 'thleir trilknastr - down- and i mad4. 'for- the .jungle, '-..they would be 4 hintd' out with dogs, "be shot down like ivildbeaste, or die of starvation, as other un fortunates had died before them. . There was nothing for it, but to resume 4 their labour and hoo to the clanking of their fettora, 'while,: after promise of what was to follow, in 'tho eihapo of tying -mip to 'tho triangles 'and 'the eat, if they qnarrelled hgatn, thoverseer dnt on to sc o the othoer ' ," It's worse .than a .dog's lifo!" said Abel, bitterly. ."-A dog does get patted as well. as kicked. "' DBart,lad,'I'm sorry I got youn that lash." :'' ' : - . . . S,",Nay,:lad, niever mind," !said Bart.' "I'm rr' fofr rou; bbut don't' speak hard things bf-i ary.' ' ' . . , " '.'."'" ; " S,'.I'll try.not, said Abel, ash hhoed away excitedly; "but I hope tlis coffee we grow inay poison thosoe who drink it."' . I .'"!Vhat for?'. They can't help: it," said Barti smiling;: ; "There, lad, take it coolly. Somo'day-we may make a run for it." . i''" And .bo' shot " said Abel, bitterly. "There' you're down to thei end' of that row.' I'.go this way. Hfb's watching i Bart obeyed. Ho wras one who 'always 'did obey, iand. by degrees the young men were worling, right. away from each other, 'till they were a good two hundred yards 'apart. '.:---- ' -- , ' :.. . ' Abel was at the end of his row first, and he stoppedand turned to begin again and go down, so as to pass Bart about tihe middle of the clearing; but Bart had another minute's 'chopping to do before tuniiig. - \- Ho was close up tq a douse patlh';of forest -oho wild tangle of ociio and creeper, which literally tied the tall trees together and made *tho fOrest impassable-when the shrieking of a kind of .jay,-which had been flitting about excitedly, stopped,.arid I Was followed by thoe ,melodioy whmstlo 'of a whito bird and.'the twittering of quite c flook of little fellows of a gorgeous cnarlot-crimson. 'Then the shrieking of, several parrots. answering eaeh other Saroso; whilo just abovb art'd head, where i . . . . . . , ' , ? , .' " ". ' clusters of trmi?pullet-si?ll bo?,onls huLng down from the edge of the forest, scores of bn.illiantly-scaled hununing-birds. literally, buzzed on almost transparent wing, edmithen' suspended themselves in mid-air as they robel the nectaries of the flowers with their long bills. "You're bonauties, you are," said Bart, stopping to wipe his brow; "bt I'd give the hull lot on you for a sight of one good old sarey sparrer a-sitting on the cottage roof and saying ddhiarldabl. Ah I shall us ever see old Devonshire again 1?" The parrots hung. upside-down,, and the tiny humming-birds flitted here and there, displaying, from time to time; the brilliancy of their secalo-like feathers, and Bart glaeced at his fellow convict .and was about to work back, when there cain a souind from out of the dark forest which made him stare wildly, and then the sound arose again. ' Dart changed colour, and' did not stop to hoe, but walked rapidly across to Abel. ".' Whlt's the matter 1" said the latter. "Dunno, hld," said the other, rubbing his brow with his arm;'" but there's sone thing wrns." "That's what I dunno; but just now something sasid quite plain, 'Dart! Dart!'"' "Nonsense ! Yoi are dreaming." "Nay. I was wide awake ,a I am now. and as I turned and stared it said it again." '" It saidit' " S" YWelshe said it." "Poll.piarrot," said Abel, gruffly. "Go on with your work. Here's the overseer." The young men worked away, and their supervisor passed them, and, apparently satisficd, contlnued his journey r?und. "Mi : yhave been a poll parrot," said Bart; "rThey do talk plain, Abel, ]ld; but this souunded like something else." " What else eould it bel" "Soundeds like a ghost." Abel burnt into a hearty laugh-so hearty that Bart's ffico'sas slowly overspread by a broad smile.' " Why, lad, that's better," he said, grimly. "I ar'n't seen you do that for months. ' Work away." The hint was given because of the overseer glancing in their direction; and they now worked on together slowly, going down the row toward the jungle, at which Bart kept on darting uneasy glances. " Enough to mak a man lanugh to hear you talk of ghosts, Bart," said Abel, after a time. " What could it be, then F" "Parrot some lady trmned," said tAbel, shortly, as they worked on aide by sido, "escapedto the woods again. Sone of these birds talk just like a Christian." " " Ay," said Dart, after a few moments' quiet thought, "I've heered 'em,'lad; but there's no poll parrot out hero as knows me." : "Knows myl'" . . SWell, didn~'tI tell you as-it called to me ' Bart! D?rt!' " " Sounded like it," said Abel,, laconically. W??hat does hoe want?" For just .then the overseer shouted, and signed to tilergingmeu to come to him. 't To begin . another job-log-roiling, I think," growled DBirt, shouldering his hoe. At that mnomeiit,. as Abel followed his example, there cauno in a low, eager tone of voice from out of the jungle, twenty yards away "Dart --Abel I-Abel 1" "Don't look," whispered Abel, who reeled as if struck, r il recovered himself to catch his companion by the arm. " All right I" he said iloe i; "wo'll be hero to emonro We o must go." CBAPTER XII. IN DEADLY Peanm. It was ihuito a week before the tsio young men were at work in the plantation of young trees again1. and during all .that tinso they had feverishly dicusseadl the voice they had heard. Every'timlo they had approached the borderS'of the plantation where it ran up to the' virgin forest they had been on the qoi irue, expecting' to hear their namsn called again, but only to be disappointed; and, after due consideration, Abel placed a right 'intorpretation u.pon the reason. "' It was someoneo who got ashore from i boat," hie said, "and managed to crawl np there. It's the' only place where anyone epuld get' up." " Being nigh that crcek, Ind,' where .the crocodiles is," said Durt. " Ay, you're right; Who could it be t" " One of one old mates." "'Nay ;: rio, old i'ate, would take all that trouble for. is,. lad. It's someono M ary's sent to bring us a letter and'a bit of news." It was. at night in the prisou lines that Dart said . this, and. tlhen li listened wonderingly in tihe dark, for he heard some thing like ia sob from close to his elbow. " Abel, matoy-!"' he whisicred. - "Don't talk' to me, old lad," canto back hioarsely After a tinie. 'And then, aftei' a long siilence, ' " Yc, you're right; ' Poor lass-eodr lass 1" " Sny that again,. Abel'; say that again," whispered' Bart, .xcitaily. , . . "Poor lass ! - I've ben too hard on her. She didn't get us took." " Thauk God " .These were. 'Bart's lioarsely whisperied words, cloked with eniotion;' and directly acfter as lie lai there,"Abel Dell felt a great, rouigh, trnembling 'hand' pass across. his ftoes' and seareh about him till it reachedl his owni, which it gripljed and held with. a. strong, firite clhip" for therei wR.. beneath Bart's rough, husk-like .exterior a great deal of the trueno, loyal, loving material of which Englishl gentlemen are madoe; 'and when towards' morning thbse two prisoners fell asleep in their chains, hand was still gripped in habnd, while the dreams that brightened the re maining hours of their rest'from penal labour wero'e verysimilar, being of'a rough home down beneath Dovon's lovely cliffs, where the sea ran sparklifig' over the clean-washed ipebbles," and the handsome face of Mary emiled upon each in turn. "Abol, mate, 'I'm ready for anything now," said Bart, as they went that morning to their work. "Only any again as you for give our nass.?' ' "Bart, old lad," said Abel,hoarseIly, ' I've nought to forgive." "Huah i" ejaculated' BDrt, and 'then .h boan towlhistle softly as if in the hi~iest of spuits, and looked longmiglyin- the direction of the jungle beside' the nmud orcek; 'but three days elapsed before they were set to hoe amdngtho coffeo bushes: agalin. Dart let iis chin go down upon his uhest on the 'morning when the order was given, rud the. oVerseer saw it hnd cracked his whip .. -:l.o aulk yrnfAia " ? i? cried.: "Non e of your asour loolik with ~, hoe. ct on 'i'ith ahurlied off, clinking his fetters loudly.' ,::" -"Do keopa botween isis Abel, lad," he ,vhisperl." or I' shaiU go off aid he'll see. Oh,'lor, ow I do wItant toiui gh" : ," S'o'orestrained his'mi?th for a timo, iand they walkedo n othe end of the plantatioi. ad begim their tbsk at the opposito end to iWhlerithoy lid loft off, when the rato at Whichl. their. hoes were pliecd was such that theywere not long before they begann to near the dense jungle, beyond which lay theonman grove swaimp nd thsen. S"'1 diaren't hopoeBart," whlispered Abel,' so. despondentljr that his .coin pauol, in a wildly excited 'nmnner, aughyid in .his face. "What, a lad you are ' hlio cried. " It's all right; he's hdting for us. It's sdone sailor ohap"from Dartmouth, wvlosoe ship's put in at Kiugaton or Bolize. Oheer up, mato ! But it w ias all a mockery ;' and when they ppreached thoe jungle at last, iociig more slowly-fee, much as they lengeditonget 'up it; once, tiicy knew that ainy unusiail miove ment on leir phrt night be interpreted by watchful eyes:into an jrtttempt at epaop and bring, down upon theomn a shot- Barta's voicd tronimbled and soundedhoarsely. as he atid '" Now Abel, my lad, I'm going to talk to thatthere pollpaerotu' T., : - "Dli, it's all straight, hul," whits teomd !back Dart, eliopping. away' and breeking olods, as his fettoer clanked moro loudly than am you there 1" ' " Yes, yes, Bart. 'Abel, dear brother, at. last, natlst l"'came frm the jungle. "3ary-- Polly, my girl I" cried" Abel,' harsely, as hothrowdowu hishle; ndho was running toward the jungle, where a.erashing sound was heard, when Bart flung iris strong armas across his chest and du?hbe him to" the groaind. . S"'Aro aou uadl l" heo cried. "'Mary, for God's sait keep 'bak I?" The warning was needed, .for from across the plantation the overseer and i couple' of .soldiers cane running, every movement on the part of the prisoners being watched. " Sham ill, laud; sh.m' ill," whiapered Bart, as a -iteous sigh camei from, the' depthsof thoj]mlgle. " Now then, you two. Fightingi ag?Pc " roared thoe'ovoreer, as he camoe pant?it " i Fighting; sir Y" growled Bart; " ruin fighting. . Iu nearly went down.",. HIto was tryingto ceasen.' " "Escapo I" growled Bart. Look tt himo . Su's hot.' : The overseer bent down over Abel,.whose aspect' helped the illusion, for be looked ghastly" from his" emotion ; and he had pre sence of mind enough to open his eyes, look about. iildly. from face to face, and then begin to struggle up;. with one hand to his head. "Is it the fayver, sor!", said one of the soldiers. "No. Touch of the'sun," said the over seer. " They'ro'always getting it. There, you're all right, ar'nt you F" '"Yes, sir," said Abel,- slowly, as he picked nip his hoe. " Sit down nnder the trees there for a few minutes," said the overseer. "Leind. him -mur water-bottle, soldier. And you stop ith him till he's better. I'll como. back 'his hIst was to Bart, .playing,as it were. ..s tlo prisonerS hands, for Bart took the 'ater-bottle: and as the overseor,-wont off with his guard, Abel was assisted to the edgo of the junlel, where a' hugo cotton-tree threw its shado ; and hero Bart placedlhim, n an old stump, trembling the while, as he held the water to his companion's lips. It was hard work to keep still while the others went out of hearing ; but at last it seemed safe, and Abel panted out- . SJMary, dear,.aro you there I" Yes, yes, Abel. Oh, my dear brother, say oine kind word to me I" " Khda wordn ? Ot, my las, my lass, say hat ynou forgivome mo" " orgive you. Yes. BDit quick, dear, before those men come back." " Tell nte, then," said Abel, speaking with his back to the jungle, and his head bent down as .if ill, while Dart leaned over him, trembling , like a leaf, " tell tme how you canie to be hero." `' I. came over in a ship to K?ngston." Then I went to Now Orleans. 'ihein to lHonduras. And it was only a fortnight ago that I found you." " But how did you come hero ?" " I've got' a small boat, dear. I asked and asked for monldmisbefore Icould find out :where you were. I've becn to other planta tions, and people have thought ime nud ; but one day I stunbled- across the sailors of a ship that comes here with stores from the station, and I heard them say that there were a number of prisoners working attlhis place; and at last, after waiting and watch mrg for weeks and weeks, I caught night of you two, and then it was a month before I could speak to you as I did the other day." "And now you have come," said Abel, bitterly, " I can't oven look at you." "But you will escape, dear," said Mary.. "Escape I" cried Abel, excitedly. "Steady, lad, steady. 'Member you're ill," growled Blart, glancing toward tihe nearest sentry, and then holding up the bottle as if to see how much was within. " Yes, escape," said Mary. " I have the boat ready. Can you come now ?" " Impossiblo I VYe should be overtaken and shot before we had gone a mile." "f But you must escape," said cMary. "You must got down here by night." f HIow 1" said Bart, grufflly. " You two must settle that," said Mary, quickly. " Iam only a woman ; but I lhave fotiud means to get here with a boat, and I cin come again amid ugain till you joiin tie." '`Yes," acid Abel, decidedly; "we will contirve that." " But is it safe, lass, where you are l" "What do you mean ?" " They telled us there was the crocodiles all ilong that creek, and sharks out beyond, if we tried to run." " 'Yes," said Mary,. calmly, " there are plenty of these creatures about." "Listen," said Abel, quickly, and speaking as decidedly, now is lis sister. " COn you got lhei night after night 1" " Yes," sid Mairy. '"I have been here eovery night since I spoke to you last." " Then keep on coming." ' .. L Yes,"" said Mary; "I will till you Yol have the boat " S"Yes." " iAnd provisions F" . " Yes; a little." " But how do you maunage !" SI am fishing if any one sews me; but it is very lonely here. 'I se notlhing but thei birdcs,". she added to herself, " and sdhasr iand alliguutord ;" and as she said this shie smiled sadly. " Be creftil, then," said'Abol. " Dart, old lad, we will escapb." 'There was a loud expiration of the breath frein the jungle, and Abel continued " I must get up and go on work, or they 1 will li back. Mary, once more, you have a i boatP" . " And can come up hero and wait P" " Yes." Quick, short, decided answers each time. " Then be cautious. Oldy comae, by 1 night." , "I know. Trust mae. I will not be seen. I will do nothing rash. To-night, as soon as it grows dark, I shall be here ox peetiog you, for I shall not stir. At day breakI slhdl go, and come again at inight." "And mind the sentries." " Trust me, Abel. ' shall not come now br day: for six days. 'If at the end of six mights youn have not been able to escape, I sh om cane for six days by day, Ilopin that you may be more successful in the daylight ; for perhaps you?will find that abold dash will help you to get away." . "But the risk-the risk '" pianted Abel2 ".the risk, girl, to you !" ., ".Abel, dear, I nmlohere to risk cveiything.' I have risked everything to join you.' :"Yes,' -he- said, hoarsely. " But after. i " Leave thi plaoi' to me," she said, witlc a little laugh. '"I hicrc boat and sail, and the world is very wide. Only escape. Take care; the mien are coming back." , 3fary's voice ceonled;' and Abol took hold of Bart's ann, rose, nuised his hoo, and Wailked wlith hinm to whore tlhey had left off work,-to begin aguin slowly, the two men trembling with excitement now; for, 'as the overseer neared them, a bird b'egan flying to arid fro over thle edge of the' jnunglo, scrcaim iig' wildly, evidemtly from. the fcit ttlit somebody was hidden there. . (To ?na co. cncm). , 'aveoti:cition lic illcmi that porocs tern. cota bricks and Ilocks best resist the actlon of fire, water, indfrost. ?Not-to tlceso a fire resisting umateria conil. c ncrtems iid Ilurnt clay 'ork. For buildin-c''L intcedd to' be flo iroof, the blostmaterials are iroi work, illniud c 1In icrous terrc- coti, withtile or brick' Work iil rotof'nd floor, and tile' cotintruction. TIhe hlollour tiles iare ficed withi vitreous tile, slate, or any good weatherproof coating, or with a anigloe Thle E?iuror William is a little fldgety about the aclailioentt of his urllmy. ie los, for instc,; just changedl all the lImces for shorter afd astronger onces, after having ordered longer :acieMc.' Only recentlly lie lid the Cuirasscors suclcledlwitcrsvolvcre; tlucas wero nla ?editccllyy attrceardo clcbinged for ctrbilnee. Theos Juliar' been now replaced by rifles of a small calibro. There isa' one 'woinanr Journmuist,' and ody one, rilcorthig the prcedlinugs ao the rancll Commloleuon at the I, aw. Coeirte. Sue is .liowr over, a sallowhcat fulnotis excep tion, for they say tlnt ohe is noane ether thub Micalamo: Vnturo, ithe.'well-klown friend of Ifzuini. She holds the seat allotted to an Irisl ncws plrmr nu does correspondceco for somo Con thieatarljoiunm." .; ,. 