Mitatib Dttmor. ' Tell me, is your wife carious ?' ' She t E leally believe the came into the world only'out of pure curiosity.' There are two reasons why we don't trust a, man. One is becauBa we don't know him, and tbe other because we do. It may be true, as tbe old saying goes, that, f ottnne knocks once at every man s door, bat it eo she generally finds him not in, ??Doctor,' said a lady who wanted aUtUe . dvice gratia, 'what do you do wbenyou catch, old?' 'I cough, madam,' was hiB polite eply. Mamma— 'Why did you tell ma a lie; Johnnie?' Johnnie—' Because, mamma, you didn't give me time to think np a truth that would fit,' ' We wonld like to see your mother, if she iff cot engaged.' Seven year-old— ' Engaged !- Goodness, ehe was engaged long ago, ana got married before I was bom.' Probably the meanest thing a man ever sail was uttered by Fogg the other day. Being asked to give his opinion as to the best remedy for polygamy, he replied, 'Mrs. Fogg.' Miss Edgecombe (to her brother after th» ball)—' Do you remember what Dolly Farren bad on, Tom ?'' Brother — 'No ; couldn't make out whether it was a love affair with Jensen* or jcet a flirtation with me.' A young lady had given a vapid young man her photograph. He was enamored of it, and. made the remark, 'Someday, with your per mission, I shall plead for the original.'' She replied, ' Then I shall give you the neg*tive.' Mr. Forgone — ' My dear friend, I am in despair. That girl's heart is as hard as steel* I can make no impression on it.' Friend— 'You don't go at it in the right way. Try. diamonds. They are harder than steel. Mrs, Jonothan Trump—' What is thematter with young Darlington ? He's going into the conservatory with Dolly Flicker, as pale as a ghost.' Miss Penelope Peachblow—' Going into a decline, I take it, from what I know of Dolly.' ' S( me idiot has put my pen where I can't find it,' growled old Asperity, as he rooted about hia office de*k. ' Ah — aw — yes ; I thought bo,' he continued in a milder tone, aa be hauled tbe writing utensil out from behind, his ear. Citizen (to country editor) — 'That was a vety handsome notice you gave ma in this week's paper, Shears, aud I called in to— to ? ' *'Er- to subscribe for a year?' 'N-no, to see if you had an odd copy lying abant any where.' Johnny — 'Pa, lend me your cane.' Pa— 11 What do you want to do with it ?' ' Fanny and me want to play as if we was married, lr ' No, Johnny, you must not hit your sister with the cane, you might hurt her. Why will you children always quarrel and fight?' Sunday-school teacher — 'Are there any questions that the class would like to ask?'' Little Tommy luttle— ' What kind of lights did they have in the ark at night?' Little Johnny Sawhorae— ' I know, teacher. They was arc lights,' Tbe late Robert C. Sands sued for damages in a case of breach of promise of marriage* He waB offered £200 to heal his broken heart. ' Two hundred !' ha exclaimed, ' two hundred, for ruined hopeB, a blasted life ! Two hundred, for all this ! No— never ! Make it three hun dred and it's a bargain !' First Dame—' So all your daughters married, rich ! How did you manage it?' Second Dame — 'From the moment they were big enough to understand anything I kept dinging into their eare all sorts ot warnings against the folly and wickedness of marrying for money,' Romantic Spinster — ' Excuse me, sir, but is bog this the spot where the beautiful girl fell into the water iast summer aod w*b bo gallantly rescued by the gentleman who after wards married her?'' Practical Bachelor (giving her a penetrating glance) — ' fee, ma'am ; but I can't swim.' After eating two large pieces of rhubarb pie,, tbe boarding- houBe youth at home on a visit;. turned to bis mother, saying — ' By the w^yj what kind of pie is this anyhow ? ' to which the mother responded quickly— 'l*jtok my boy, 111 call it ' Morning D*^,' because it diEapptsars so fast before tb~ son.' Magnificent Creative (actr6SB in newspaper counting- room) -' t)D| 8ir, i called to see the paper in reg»^^ tw ft Tery large number of valuable Osmonds and a quantity of jewellery which ^tre stolen from my room at the hotel UK.C niRht.' Clerk— 'Yes, madam. Will you kindly step to the advertising department*, two windows to the left.' '? Pa,' asked sleepy Bobby, 'can I ask you one more question if it ain't foolish?'' ' Ya'a8,' almost shouted the old man, who was. trying to read. ' Well, if a toad had a tail, pa, would it interfere with his j ampin', or would it help him like it does a kangaroo?' In less time than it takes to tell it Bobby was. between the sheets. Here ia a bit of unconciouB rustic wit. John Mann had been sent by his shrewish wife to market to sell the pig. On the way he got drunk, the pig strayed, aud never turned up again. A few weeks aftertvardB John was aeked if be had ' heard anything of the pig yet.' ' 'Eard of 'itn,' he said, ' 'eard of him? Oc, ay, I 'ears of him most days !' 'Speakin' of twine,' said the old man Chumpkics, 'there was tvo boys raided in our neighborhood that looked just alike till their 6}ir-g day. Lem didn't have any teeth and hiB brother Inne did, but they looked pre cisely alike all the same. The only way yoa could tell 'era apart was to put your finger in Lem's mouth and if he bite yer, 'twas Dave,' Mrs. Hyde Parkins (closing the recit*! of a domestic diffioulty) — ' And, then, of course, I had to advertise &t; once for a new cook. I got; 40 answers, and the only one that seetnqd any good forgot to put her address, ( Archly)irisb. of course.' Captain O'Paddy (with a view -to. defending the honor of his ' connthry ') — ' Atu. then, why didn't ye write and ask her for it.' Mrs. Testy (looking up from the paper) — 'Isn't this Btrange? 'A Calif ornian, after a fit of illness, was absolutely unable to remem ber his wife and did not believe she Was the one he married.' ' Mr. Testy—' Well.Idanao, i't'e pretty bard work sometimes for a man to realise that his wife is the same woman he once went crazy over.' 'Most of you,' said the late Bishop of Peterborough once to some candidates for ordination, ' will do well to avoid action ia the pulpit, I shall never forget a raw-boned Irish curate I once had, with hands like legs of XLntton. I can eee him still preparing for a grand peroration and leaning over the pulpit with outstretched dependent palms as he ex claimed, 'Paws, me britbren, paws.'' Sunday - school Superintendent — 'I am pained to learn that two of the little boys of tbe school have absenttd themselves to day in Older to go fishing. You wouldn't go, would yon, Master Norton ?' Master Norton — ' No, sir.' Sunday fchoo) Superintendent — 'Now, tell the rest of the school why yon wouldn't go fif-birig on Sund&y.;' Master Norton — '''Canse it's too cold yet to catch anything.' A couple of Texas sheep raisers, being in Austin, went to church. On emerging from, the Eacred edifice one of them said—'! e*y» Bi 1, that preaoher was hitting at us.' *' Yoa bet he was. He didn't taJc ab-mt nothing, except loBt shepp. Got yer pistol?' replied tbe Pther. ''Why, certainly.' ' Then let a wait htre till he comes out. and give hi-n a. thance to explain what he meant by them per Eonal remarks.' 'How are yon getting a'ong?' asked a. friend of an sctor who had recently essayed. the melancholy prince. ' Oh, I've met with a share of success. I played Hamlet for the firat tiree.' ''Did yon get through all right?' ' Yes, except that I happened to stainbla and fall into Ophelia's grave,' 'That must have teFntmbarraBeing' 'It wa« ;but I wouldn't bave minded it if the audienc» hadn't seemed-. i o disappointed when I got out.' Foger {with youtbfal self- approval)—' Pdp^v that strange boy over there asked me to let him ride niy bicycle while I was plaving tennis. I inld him co, not much.' His Father (anxious, to in preee a lesson)— ' Well, my boy, that was fc»-c-!y pecerouB. The good S«aaritaa. wonldii't have acted in that woy,' Rjger — - ' Ob, the good Samaritan was safe enough He knew tbe fellow wasn't going to get up and run. sway with hiB mule.' Ad English lord, who visited Amsricv was. at a dicner given ir» bis honor. A. little daughter of hie host, who was toa well bred, to etare, but who eyed him covertly a' the oc casion presented itself, finally ventured to. TUDBti, 'And yon are really and traty an English lord?1 'Yee,' he answered plww»n!ly: 'really and truly.' 'I haver often thought I would like to see an English lord,' sh«j*-r«rt on, 'iaud— ar»H ? ' 'And now^au *re. eatisfird at )aa ? ' be put in laughingly. /,» ». r--pltrd tbe tjnthfui little ftid^ ' I'«» *otjs»W»-._ frd. liu &gtn;'d deal disappointed.', . .. 