W\\\ null laipr. Canoeing ia something a man knows more abnut after he has been given a ' tip. ' Women are naturally progressive. There is not one of them who doesn't believe in freedom of speech. A woman's rights lady remarks tbat the highest use of a man is to have his life in sured for his wife's benefit. An author, ridiculing tbe idea of ghosts, asks how a dead man can get into a locked iroom: .Uisy enougn. witn a skeleton i key. A municipal candidate, whose principal , aupportors are tavern keepers and shoe makers, proudly alludes to them as member* of tbe bar and bench. She — 44 Harry, you would make a poor sol dier.' He-i-44 A poor soldier 1 Why, Maud'' She — 4- Because you don't seem to know how to use your arms.' (Tableau.) This truth's by majority carried, 'Us agreed on by men near and far ; Hen are overjoyed to get married, But more overjawed when tbey are. Mis. Bjones — 44 1 hear tbat yonng Mr. j is still in ipsuvJi nf & vrife MfS- I Jmitb — 44 Why, I thought he was married ! ' | Mrs. Bjones — 44 So he was. She's left him. She's tbe one'~he*e in search oL;- ' An old lady, entirely out Of the heannf of (die preacher'* voice, being fonnd sobbing, was asked why she wept, since she could not hear the words of the minister. ' Oh,' said she, 44 1 can see tbe holy wag of his he*d,' The word ' small-pox ' fell to Tommy to spell, but he floundered hopelessly. ' Tom my,' said the teacher, -do yoa know what a little boy, who fails on so simple a word aa small-pox, ought to get ?' Vee m, re plied Tommy ; * 4 heought to get vaccinated. A philosopher who went to church where the people came in late said it wae '^be fashion tfifere for nobody to go tilt everybody got there.' ' A philosopher say*, 41 Woman is the Sun day of man.' Man also weak days. Oae of them is when he speeds a day shop ping with the Sunday of man. Costomer — ' Bat aren't the trousers too long ?' Tailor — ** Too long ? Pey is made to ntt-a man exzackly your si^e. li pon. le£& happen tb be a'drifle short yOu mfctrt qtiarrtl g)it patj^e — nbt de tailor.' pon't i?e 4isb0negt' small fitters, ij you get found qat you w©$ » have mucn j phance fpr Jjtfgrjr operations, J This is the basest of ignorance ! A paper | asks, in all faith, what is the use of musical a — a:— Tho iijia 1 . .Thunder ! thev re all I | Cuuuid s . , ... „ :M use ! Isn't it some comfort to a man 'ho is just about pegging out to know that he can taife his comic song with bim^ or coat po»e an4 introduce in bis new country his j owtj particular funeral inarch, or senti- i mental melody ? *^ini think of the vast r amount of satisfaction afforded to tbe dvine .maiden who is enabled to take her favorite hymn along with her to the great - whence ' Musical coffins ! Great Scott . Why, we know any number of men wh° deserve them ; men, too, who have do soul or anything else for music, and vbo should be given the latest style in coffin^ and 'at once'! 'We fancy, however, tfe' tlie musical coffin is only the thin end oi the wedge, so tq spaak. 1 Ifhy nqt hsVj? hand-painted shrouds, or, better stiU, phonographic ooffins, so that every ouf oaa take his or her own funeral sentiou along and fire it off among tbe pretty! pink angels 3 