[?] "Sam .Martin reminds me," said Matt. Trayers, lean ing up against the tailor's own little counter, " of the one-legged soiig-and-daiioe-inan who wrote- for ail en gagement to a manager with whom I was working. He Avanted to be booked for seventy-five dollars a week. The manager read the letter carefully and remarked: 'What do you suppose he would want if . he had two legs " " U11 Ballo " tlie attraction. Lady goes up to the ; box office and loquitoi : " Before I buy our seats will you please let me know in which act they shoot? ; Mother is very nervous and wants to go out before they ; shoot. A. gentleman told her that they shoot in this opera and she 'does not want to be frightened." ! Manager, with his most affable smile, informs the j fair enquirer that they do not shoot in " U11 Ballo," ' and softly Avafts her dollar from view, giving her two j seats on the roof, Avhere no shooting is permitted | under any circumstances. A good dog never bites the hand that lias fed it. A had actor lias been known to do it, in our experience ; bub then the dog lias its own teeth, while the actor has a store supply. I have found a capital inscription for the library door of a dramatist. " Neither a borrower nor a lender be," Avliicli, commented 011, ..would signify, " Keep 110 French plays 011 hand, and never let your manuscript drama go out of your possession." " Do you believe in an omen ?" I once asked Ned Sotliern at the Lotus Chili. I recall, his quick answer and cheery A'oice as lie said, "Only when it lias a ' w' before it, me boy." Toole ox Omens. — Answering a question put to him by tlie Pali Mall Gazette as to Avhether lie Avas afflicted with superstition, John L. Toole, the Avell- kuown comedian, sent the following: "I beg to say that, like Madame Bernhardt, I have also my ' pet aversions.' Chief among 'them are audiences' which do not see my jokes ' Avith half an eye," though I never saw ' half an eye ' myself ; but you know the old saying. Madame Patti, you say, believes in ' the eA'il eye.' There seems to be a run 011 eyes just now ; the most profitable one being, ocuiy enougn, two — nameiy, ' A .'Fair of Black Eyes. ' I never came across Avhat you call an ' eA'il eye.' If I did, I think 1 Avcmld cross — I mean ' dot ' it. As for ' some artists,' as you say, ' belieA'ing hi ghosts,' let me tell you that every artist helieA'es in ghosts, and more particularly in one which Avalks regularly once a Aveek. 1 have much faith in omens. The best omen of good business which : I knoAV of is Avhen I am passing Toole's Theatre at about a quarter to seven, and I see a crowd of people right across tlie street Avaiting for the doors to open. That is a good omen." ' I . ' CivrNo away the Fakik. — The Fakir of Siva gave a sleight-of- liand performance in Galveston... One of his feats was to make a marked dollar disappear in the sight of the cvoAvd, Avhich he successfully did. " That marked dollar Avill be found in the vest pocket of that colored "gentibman," said the fakir, 'pointing with his magic Avand at Sam Johnsing. All eyes were lWeted upon Sain, Avlio adA'anced to the 'front,' took' some 'money ' from his vest pocket and said : . Boss, .heali is your change ; I has had two beers and a cigar outen dat dollar you tole me to keep in my vest pocket till you called foah it. " . ; w : .1 v Under the big spread heading of the mimic stage in the Item, at the extreme corner appeared the foUoAving advertisement : — A MIDDLE-AGED GENTLEMAN, with a lovely home, wishes to many a good woman of 35 or '40, accomplished and respectable, and fit to manage a fine household. She should' lie fond of travel, of the opera, tlieutre, books, dress ; iti'T religious withal. Address F. F., at this office.. , . . The' ailA'ertiseinent is a happy omen of .-.how.; church and stage are expected by the average man to go hand in hand oarer life's heather. '' ' Harry Armstrong, of Emerson's Minstrels, once oAvneil a Avonderfully trained bull-dog,, with Avhich _ lie did an act. Applying to Tony Denier; wlio was managing Wood's Museum in Chicago, for an engage ment, the pair-man and dog reoeiA'ed the munificent offer of fifteen dollars for a Aveek ; to Avliich the come dian Avittily responded : " Don't let the dog hear it, he'll bite you !" The reply struck a streak of generosity in the managerial heart, and Armstrong and tlie dog Avere booked at fifty, and Tony told tlie story all over town and billed the opening Avith - the catch -line : " Don't let the dog hear it, he'll bite you !" Alas ! the ilog hud his reA'enge : The museum burned and toAVser avus avenged. ' Pat Roonev's Dilemma. — Russell of "Natural Gas," Slocuni and Greene of " The Kitty," and Ted Marks of Rice's four-figure attractions, Avere leaning up against the hill-boards in - front of the Bush- street- Theatre 011c eA'eniug Avlien the topic of conversation turned to J. 13. Gayloril's Australian Enterprise, and Russell remarked : " That reminds, me." When John H. is reminded, that always means a good story : Pat Rooney, when he avus in Avith H. C. Miner on a road tour, found that Henry Clay had the money and Pat- had the work. 'The contract Avas an iron-clad one that the Irish comedian could not bolt, and being met on the street in New York, he said : " Be jabers, I'm blue. I lnu-e just been doAvn to me lawyers and they tell me that if I don't carry outline contract Avith Miner that I can't play in the country. But I knoAV what I'll do, I'll jump the country and go to Australey." "There's no one there," interrupted a bystander, " but Kangaroos. " " I know that," rejoined Rooney ; " but Avhat of it, their money's as good as anyones." A famous European prima donna avIio visited America not many years ago, Avas exceedingly quiet in her tastes and her manner of liATing, and 011 arriving 011 our shores, proceeded with her suite of one — her maid — to One of the best and most exclusiA-e hotels of New York. With a fancy for something of a feast after her operatic performance, she determined to test the New York oysters, of Avhich she had heard so much in praise. When the performance Avas 0arer the sougstress returned at once to her apartments at her hotel, and summoned a servant in the customary manner. The waiter soon appeared and some oysters Avere ordered. Just here it may be said that tlie maid retired at once to her oavu room Avitli a headache, so tlie oysters Avere ordered for only one. " How many will you lnwe ?" asked tlie waiter. " Hoav many ?" said the lady, at tlie same time thinking, "I feel as if I could eat a thousand, I am so hungry :" but only added — with a manner indicating that she had liAred 011 oysters all her. life — "you may bring a hundred!" She noticed on replying that a surprised expression covered the face of tlie servant, about Avhich she only mentally ques tioned, and took up a foreign paper while the man Avas leaving the room. Some time passed, the lady avoii- dering at tlie delay, Avhen a knock came at the door and in walked five men bearing trays half filled Avith plates containing oysters 011 the half-shell, lemons, crackers, water, napkins, etc. A single'glance at the first tray explained to the lady the surprise she had noticed 011 the face of the servant who had ansAvered her bell ; but not a question Avas asked nor a Avord spoken. The plates, glasses, etc., Avere arranged 011 the a'arious tables in the room, and the lady avus left alone with her feast. She realized that she had un wittingly played a joke upon herself, Avhich she deter mined 110 one in the hotel should knoAV. Her feast ended, and she Avondered how in tlie world she could dispose of the dozens of great oysters left there un touched. In a moment more she opened the AvindoAv, and, one by one, took tlie oysters at the end of her fork, and 'threw them out as far as she could, in all directions, until each shell Avas emptied. Another knock Avas heard, and ansAvered. The Avaiters again entered, found the lady alone at the table, reading as before, and not a \restige of an oyster in sight. The look of surprise Avhich met the lady as she glanced at the faces of the servants, Avas ample compensation in every respect for the mistake she had made. She has often told, the story since, and assures her friends that she can neArer forget nor cease to enjoy her first feast of NeAV York oysters. 