THE REDEMPTOKIST MISSION. The Redemsploriat fathers are daily attracting large crowde of people to St. Mary's. Ae early as 6 o'clock in the morning, when the firatst mane of the day is celebrated, all the aitting room in the chuch is occupied, particularly by working men, and, at the 7 and 9 o'clock masses, the ohnrch is equally well filled. While the last mass is being celebrated, one of the miseio?baries explaine the esner:fice from be .ginning to end, the congregation being for the most part juvenile. Instruction is also given after the first and last rmasne. On Tuesday ilghtthebuilding was literally packed. Father sangsan conducted the rosary, and Father Begarty preached a long sermoan on the con fesesinal. selecting for his text the words " ie that hideth hie binu shall not prosper, bot he that shall conefes them, and foreake them, shall Sad mercy.' If, said he, an in fallible physician existed, who cured all the ills of th flesh without a fee. people would come to him from all quarters of the globe, and -his fame wauld be great in every country. Such a man could not be found; but what men could not do for the ills of the body, the priest could do for the soul-the priest of God's Church had power to cill the soul that was deadawith sin back to life again, and into the friendship of OG.d. And glorious as this uorament of penanoe was, how little was it apvailed of by some professing Catholics I who heading the jeoro of outs:ders, ansod not at tempting to overcome human vanity, or to give a thnought to so great a subject, lapsed into a state borderiegan nonebelief. Iot sinoeChris tianity wa sprimitiv.e, the eonfesional had existed in the Church. "Iwill give Ito you the keys 91 the kingdom. of heaven," "ewhatsoever yen s~hall bind upon earth, shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoeveryou sballlooase upon earth, shall be loosened aldo in heaven," said Christ, speaking, in the first place, metaphori cally, hut implying, plainly deuoogh, that he gave the spostles the power to forgive sins, beeansuee, the one thing, the one barrier to the gates of heaven, was mortal sin, But, again, speaking clearly, soan that there should be no 4onbt, after his resarrection, when Be appeared to the Apostles-" Peace be to yeo; receive y?on the Holy Ghost, whose sins yon shall for' give, they are forgiven, and whose nis yoe -shll retain, they are retained." "As my father hath ment me, so I send you" and as he sent me into the world to forgive sinse, so I sent you. The priest did not claim to be able to forgive sins by his own power, - but by the power of God, and in His name, This eacrament was a vital one in the Catholic Chnroh, and the person who refused to aoknowledge this was as bad as the Jews who doubted when Christ said to the palatied young man,'" Son, be of good heart, thy sine are forgoven,"and he was no Catholio, for, where was the Christian who would deny that, when Christ had eared the palsied man, both of the ills of the flesh and of the soul, he could not give to his socnessors, toD those who were to carry on the work which he had come on earth to perform, the power to release sinners from their bondege, after making a contrite and fall confeseased ? The preacher dwelt, with mnbch force and eloqoauene, on the beauty of theeconfeseional; onh its power end inflaedoe. The priestse themelvea,ithe binhjos, and even the Pope had to confess'their sins, and .receive holy communion. No priest, he said, oald rvenalthe senrets of theonlesslenl. Priests had died martyrs in numbers, in Eng land and on the Continent, rather thangiveup the seorete. It wRa impossible for them to do an. Thatpowbr Goft hadgiven.td hisChreoh. Priests had been demoralised, had fallen away from the Chorch, buhat never, in the bistory of the world, had a priest been known to reveal the secrete of the confessional. Throughout his disooares the preacher was listened to with the deepst attention. ltast night the obhrbh was again filled long before the service began. It was etated, on the previous night, that, this evenieg,the devotios go.the blessed aacrament, held in every charoh by the Reemptoriatet on one night?ol their miession, would take place, and that the edifioe would be deborated nd illuminated for -the oaesalon. 