A Bigoted Clergyman brought to book by his Bishop. Some time ago, Brighton and two neighbouring towns were visited by Dr. Fulton, an American, who, under the auspices of the local branches of the Protestant Alliance, gave some lectures on Ritualism and Rome which, for vigour of language, was remarkable. The Rev. J. G. Gregory, Incumbent of Emmanuel Church, Brighton, pre sided at the Dome meetings in that town, and to him, the following remon strance has been addressed by the Bishop of Chichester. Chichester, August 29, 1889. Reverend and Dear Sir, — At a public meeting in the Dome on August 16, you being in the chair, Dr. Fulton whom you introduced, is reported to have said "that the Virgin Mary was not much of a virgin." This provoked laughter ! On reading this profane utterance, I was shocked, but I hoped that the lecturer might have been misunderstood or misrepresented. But at a meeting at Fishersgate on August 21, Dr. Fulton admitted the accuracy of the report of his address, as to this particular point, and proceeded to justify it by a process of illustration even worse than the original state ment. Now, I do not presume to interfere with your freedom of action, or to question your right to attend or preside over any meeting, and though I may widely differ from your controversial statements and arguments, and still more from the tone and spirit of the lecturer's addresses, I should not think it my duty to offer any observa tions on the course you have thought fit to pursue. The inspection of religious houses under proper authority, and with due safeguards in order to prevent alleged abuses, may very reasonably be asked from Parliament, and that was the special object of the meeting in the Dome. But when a fundamental doctrine of the Christian faith is openly assailed in your presence, I hold it to be your duty to stand up for the faith, as it is in Jesus, and to rebuke the gainsayer. Now the lecturer, in attacking, and I must say, vilifying the Virgn Mary, did in fact attack the Incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ as Holy Scripture presents it. The whole scheme of Man's redemption rests on the Incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ, and of that Incarnation, the greatest of all mysteries, the Virgin Mary was the pure and holy channel. God sent forth His Son made of a woman, but that woman, according to prophecy, a Virgin. The word was made flesh, but in a new and strange way in the womb of the Virgin Mary, by the operation of the Holy Ghost. The history of the Annunciation is most precise. The creeds and for mularies of the Church of which you are an ordinary minister, and to which you have solemnly given your assent and consent, repeat the language and teach ing of Holy Writ. It is a lamentable thing that, in order to expose and refute the Mariolatry so grievously pre valent in the Romish Communion, the lecturer, Dr. Fulton, should speak in terms which contradict the very letter of Scriptures, and not by defence only, but directly impugn the vital doctrine of Incarnation. But it is also deeply to be regretted, that you should have allowed such statement to pass without rebuke or protest. I hope you will take some opportunity of publicly repudiating the lecturer's revolting statements, which must give much offence to all pious believers. It is amazing that they should have been received on one occasion with laughter, on another with applause, by an audience professing and calling them selves Christians. Permit me to say, that the position you occupy as a leader of a considerable party in Brighton makes it, in my opinion, incumbent on you to disavow any agreement with the statement of Dr. Fulton, affecting the person and character of the Virgin Mary, for I cannot suppose that you share his sentiments in this respect. Such a declaration on your part, is due to the many who look up to you for teaching and guidance. I am, Reverend and Dear Sir, Faithfully yours, R. CICESTER. The Rev. J. G Gregors. The London Daily Telegraph states that the loss to commerce and wages through the dock labourers' strike will be £2,000,000, whilst the dockowners will lose £1,000,000. 