WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The following extract from Lord Salisbury's speech at Edinburgh on Novem- ber 29 last shows the exact view of the great Conservative Chief and Premier of Great Britain with reference to woman's suffrage. "The Primrose League is freer. It brings classes more together, and I think its greatest achievement of all is that it has brought the influence of women to bear on politics in a way that has never before been the case. . . . I am now speaking for myself only, do not imagine that I am speaking for any one else, but I do earnestly hope that the day is not far distant when women also will bear their share in voting for members of Parliament— (cheers)— and in determining the policy of the country. I can conceive no argument by which they are excluded. It is obvious that they are abundantly as well fitted as many who now possess the suffrage, by knowledge, by training, and by character, and that in- fluence is likely to weigh in a direction, which in an age so material as ours, is ex- ceedingly valuable, namely, in the direction of morality and religion." After the speech of Lord Salisbury, the Editress of the Woman's Gazette addressed letters to some leading politicians, and received the following answers :— The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour writes— "I entirely endorse everything the Prime Minister has uttered upon the subject, and I have nothing to add to it." The Lord Chancellor's Secretary writes:— "In answer to your letter of the 7th inst., I am desired by Lord Halsbury to say that he has for long been in favour of the extension of the Parliamentary suffrage to women." In view of these public expressions by men of the very first political and social rank, the friends of woman's suffrage feel greatly encouraged all over the world. Woman's suffrage has passed out of the region of ridicule, it must be reckoned with as a question of serious and practical politics. When it is so the woman's cause is won, for those who oppose woman's suffrage are not able to present the ghost of an argument. I have been glad to notice that the Wesleyan Conference realized that all the argument was for the woman's enfranchisement, and by a noble vote of nine to fourty-four they made it apparent that they were ready to do justice to women. The Primitive Methodist Church in their Conference on February 27, bettered the Wesleyans, for they passed a vote to give women a vote in the election of members of Parliament, and there was no dissentient. Well done the Primitives! These good people see where the truth is and are ready to stand by it. I am, Sir, &c.;, ZENOBIA. 