The Doctors and the Ghosts. A certain mau who was lately wed, dwelt in the country, far from the noiBe of any town. It chanced one eight that his wife fell eiok, and being ignorant of the ways of women folk, he mounted his cart-horse and galloped exceed ingly fast toward the town in search of a Bkilf ul leech. Un tne roaa ne met a gaunt anu wimerea hag, who aukt-'d him : ' Whithor so fast, good man ?' 'To (jet a leech fur my wife, who is eiok utto death.' ' Know ye how to tell a good doctor ?'' 'Nay, mother. I take the firat whioh God leadeth mo to.' Whereupon the ancient dame gave him a sprig of euphrasy, and said : ' Hold thia to thy eyes when thou lookest at a doctor's house, and thou will straightway see tbe ghoats-of thoso who hive died from his bundling. Take thou the doctor with the fewest ghosts.' Thereafter, whenever' that man came to a doctor's houpe, be held the myatio herb to his eyes, and, lo ! a fearful sight met his gaze. Around every doctor's door shivered a ghastly crowd of uneasy ghosts, . and, what seemed (?txange to that man, the larger and more com fortable the house, the greater was the awesome troop at the door; Through- the deaertcd streets he galloped from dootor's house to dootor'-B house, Booking in vain for' one whoeo gates were not besioged by uneasy spirits. At length, up,a quiet lane, he espied a modest house bearing a doctor's doorplate, and lo ! but a solitary ghost sat upon the doorstep. 'Here, by God's grace,' quoth- the man, ' is the doctor for me.' But little timo had passed, I : ween, before that stout horse was bearing the man and his pbyfioian- along the road to the sick woman. When- they were well on toward the end of ih«ir journey: tho doctor ? smiled a pleasant fcmilo to see, and said— ' I wonder right well by what good ohance you- called on- me, for know-I'have only been practising medioine two days, and your good wife will be the second patient I have treated.' The ejaoulation which- followed is perhaps better omitted. When men are full of envy, they disparage everything, whethor it be good or bad. Tho English statute mile is 1,700 yards long; tho ancient Scottish milo was 1,081 yards ; the old Irish mile was 2,210 -varda; tho modern Koninn mile is 1,628 vards ; the Tuaoan mile is 1,808 yards ; the French mile or posting league is 4,263 yardo;.,the Spanish milo is 4,636 yards; tho Portugal league is 6,760 yardi); tho Swiss milo is 0,153 yards: the Hungarian milo is 9,113 yards; tho Danish milo ib 8,244 yardB; the Swodish-miloisllJCO yordB; and the Prussian milo is 8,237 yards. Tho Gorman nations p'ropor hr.vo two railoa ; the short ono (?) ib e^fig-'yardB^and thblong ono 10,120 yardk 