: Th // North' Rockhamptqn; Council at Home. . ..../ " By Bohemian. Tiio Nortli Roelchamptori Borougli Council' : ushered in-thoir munioipal year of 1889 arid .1890 with, iiriicli spbor iiud pious uiodltatibn. This was preoiaoly as :it. should have boeri, arid T, for ono, at once prbe'oed to say that I have 110 intention wliatqyor, of. ucgi ag r'iuy roason at all why tho timo-honored custom should fnlli into ; disuso, -and < beeorno- praotically' abolishcdv 'Nay, quite on: tlio'- contrary, the offoot of -Saturday i attornoon's deliberations, after Mayor Macareo had. boon re-elected, .was one i that, will live in -the memory of, ovory porsou present for -many years. to eouiq. 1 ' -.'I'ho aoL'vioo.took tho form of. 'a choorful cor- ' roboroo, hold in the Town Hall "or Council Chambers, and Mr. 'Macarao- himsolf - ocuu- p\od- tho pulpit, and Aldorman Face: the .position ofiohiof, idopnty .iaoting sub-oflioin- ting dean. Alderman Linnctt mado a modest ana.unassuining precentor,, anil tho various othors meuibers of- -the .Council :ra- .griiY(i ' and reveroud oongrogation. .: The1 olomeutii ' and ciiLr" ;v,omponents 1 of: the ritual .were at the outsit /judiciously coneoalod bonoath a somewhat oxtonsivo tablo elotb, and, whilst ' tlio proparutious wore buiug made by the , respective vorgers and oflicials for the 1 propor earryiug out of tho ceremony, i tho gonial company ocoupicd their tune by a graceful patrol along tho verandahs, and tho indulgence of certain mysterious " whisperings "rui to tliorifuality arid o'xtout' of the good things "which. lay"-hiddon bonoath .the tablo cloth before liiontiqnqd. . O.uo.qjdqrr inriri strutted' ab6ut in' a very pictiireaqpe manner, and with his bands bonoath his coat- tails. conveyq'd the impression that ho , was it kind' .'of cross bntwoeri tho illustribns, Siimuol Pickwick, arid' Grip, tlio; wed knowri'raybu of Barnaby.ltudgo. , To tho' latter, KoivoyOr', lie differed somowhat, as lie did riot iiid'uigo in tlio hoarso crorik' "I'm. a devil," nor did. he express any desivq. 'for Polly to put the kettlo 'on, arid 'thoy, would all havo ton, Novertholdss-;Kiri .shirt' collar arid' ' general stylo wero faultless ; particularly the collar. At last a, lririd of Comanche war whoop is herii'd ;"W sm'iill boy,' who Had been riibbirig his' rios'o for soiriq'niihiitb's ngninst tlio door, and trying Hiird to imagine tho 'taste of tho viands" lie "saw spread'out'by tlio sriielf thoy emitted, was hastily removed ; tho outor doors wore closed, and the ontiro company : ualiored into the snored preoinets of tlio feast. Aldorman Scliwnrton. at Oneo fixed his oyes witli torrifio forocity . upon a- liain sandwieh; and taking up a table knifodu his right- hand; twirled it carelessly round and round as ti . sort of ployful iudicatioii that tho first 11111.11 or boy who vonturod to go .for that saudwioli would most assuredly havo te bo convoyed . te Ilia homo on a shutter. Alderman Fnco took his seat witli careless nonchalance,' arid whilst tho other members of tho eompahy wore disposing thomsolvos, amused himself by catching fliqs .with great gusto, and allow ing them to'escapo again unharmed anil un touched. Aldorman Thompson was ovidontly thinking hard, and boyoiul training a bottlo of soda water to play at jump hack with ltis knife and fork, did not distinguish him self, to any. grout extent. : The Mayor finally took his seat, land a napkin, and requested at oneo .to know ivlmt every body was .ging to, drink. Soinc sa'iil cold tea,. others lemonade iind Kmqjuico, and others ' Thanks, I don't mind,":'but in the course of a very few '.'minutes ovorybody was .supplied with bis. favorite,. decoction," and then spocoh- makiug commenced. Of eourso /he toast of the evening, it is easy to imagine, . urns that of tho newly eloutod Mayor, nnd to this sentiment; which wiis cordially drunk, Mr. Muoaroe ropliod. Hero occurred one of those strange outbursts of eloquence I so common iu tlio minds of great men, and hero the genial Mae sliono l with the brilliancy of a diamond of the I first water. He had posed as a defender of his country and had been tho captain of tho maintop in a ship of tlio- Royal Navy of Euglaiid, it is true, llu had oven gone so fur its to live by tho sweat of his brow, but what was that compared to what 110 had goiu- iu foiyniyy. (A-.pjoc : Ali I) Why ho lie5 started riTftqw'qry.-(EnthuHiaBtic Cheers.) Ajidibo meiintftrii nilV.tbat that brewery was starting liiiri. fjlto dOslrod to literally mangle iiiiy friamwlio b'Suld riod'ar forgot himsolf an :to allege 'that MrB. Maciiruo was tho brewer. '.(.Cliriors.) 'fJeooiise,':Bbo was not. (At tliis etago''. a gentleman of tlio conqiany vonturod to indulge in a laugh, and Mr. Macareo at .pi,i.c.Q_Hiiiglc(l liim. outancLgazodsteiulily at liiin during tlio remainder of biljlir'ss). 'No; Wojijeu yei)y well '( indeed V, Sljiglit say all vory well in thoir way, butVlieii -thqy- woro-pntrdownr tionr wystrttPWew'tlioy wet-o aimiilybut'of it 'liltegbtlier. Hero Mr. Macareo , bceame, very . niucli uiffectqd i but riyUotjiqr it wqBlo.iying .to tliq laiiiap£ablqfwant 6f ability lie doseornod 111 womon generally, .or to ho tjliouglits- of tliosn sentiments to 'which lie presently gave uttoifanoo, cannot bo with Iloenrn0,y told lliiro. . Ho begged oneo iinoroito' thank thoiri - soriouSly fOr the' honor thoy , had .donmhilri; and said ho could almost /lied Mara of 'pleasure 'arid j'dy when lio eon - tomplatod the goodness arid ! virtual of - tho -aldcrmon of the borough. Ho felt indood that,,.lio.;leorild actually kins each sno- of thoso gontlemon thou sitting around liim, and'woiild— — 1 Thqro was a certain , remark onuo modo concorning. a camel, il camel's hack, and a straw, aiql tlieiq|can bq but littlo donbt tliat it WriSn eoncogted 'undor riircuinBtaiices closely akin to the effusivo and. .amorous rhotorio injliilged iii by Mr. 'Edwin Maeuroe. But, bo ' tliat' us it, riiay, no , sopnbr, .was the -, Mayor's ability as ii kisaist onco.mado manifest, than a wild slifick of lringhter mingled with ex- , prcssions of aurpriso roverboratod throiigh tli>S. room. Somo of tlio moro staid and calm of 1 tho, guoBts . mado a .frantic rush for tlieir \ hats— 'many of whioli ' liad boon, .strange: to \ say, dqpoaitqd in. very, eloso.proximity' to tho liquor stove' whilst tlioso ' gen tloirion', ' pro- sent, who had no intention of forsaking the repast, set their tootli firmly nnd resolved te, if nccosBary, go bang through with tliooridcal and ;go "nap" on tho 'result. Nor did ;,tlio jubilnnco of the me'oting'oqd hero. Tho festive chairman then told them they could ta'co his words either in joke or in earnest, wliich they pleased. Ho nioarit what lio . said and — Anotlior shriek ' drowned.. 'the (.ter mination Of tlio soritorico, and oneo more tho speech turned to the beef question. '"After Mr. Mnearce had intimated his 'intention of lecturing on "beer and (urith a vory. pointed glaiiae at, Aldorman Facq and . tho , Qqimcil Clerk) the mon who use it," he took his scat and a sandwich. Other (toasts followed- in rapid— I .was going to say mbid-rsnqccsfnon. Alderman NorriB fcobly replied to Kis health before it was drunk, and inado soma indis tinct allusion to the; 1 making, of "roads "up to his own (loon; ...whilst; later- -on; " Aldermen Noisliw Jlognn,' i and''iSchwarten: talko'd/their maiden talk in-ainariner highly befitting the importance , of .-tho occasion, ;'qnd iniri'fltrain somewhat ; isimilm):-'. to;:-! tliat1 adopted by Mr. : I'Norris.: Nevortheless, " thol '-'' '8or- vice' 1 proecoJed . satisfactorily until, tlio choral,. portion / of" the oritertaiDriiorit!' 'com menced,.- and then ensuodia revolation. The Mayor, after .thojiccssary amount of "persua- gion bad been administered by the company, ascended tho platform: with- dignity jjjand Alderman ; Foeo.i. nlso-iwith dignity -ifind a chair; "followed .liini. up; - Mr: Facei took tlio.chair,,,nud Mr. " Macnrcc, a stand, facing ,tho audience, nnd. in deep sopulohui-al - torics announced "his intention if -reciting: some thing, in connection with Iiamlct. Tlie/fttcos of tlio company 1 blanched; and many, Woto' tlie gi-asps . mado on .tlic baoks .of the: various chairs. "Tlio soliloquy Vgontlemou, "U vooi- foratcd the Mayor; and. !w;ith rbis -right fist throwni out with torrifio velocity, he 00111- monccd, ""To bo or — Tho' imaginary blow at oneo x>roduccd an effect on the worthy eliaii-iiian, who gatliorod. up -his forcoK and liis soat/ smilod grimly, aud retreated ill good order. "Or not to bo." i:yell0d,:.tlia plocutiqnist, and, as if te ouipliasiso tbo negative, away camotthe left, fist, this tiroo iu closq. and .dangorous proximity ;.to tho ehairmriri's noso. ;Tlip fates: ovoutually' de cided., thqt it., wus I'uoti.to ..Iio," "for. Mr. Muoaroe, evidently , through,. JorgetfulnesB, could. proceed, no further,! ;an(j tjio company breathed again. ...Aftor the i .tlVeof a few soconds, tlio reciter made ata'imltsbiuglit iqjon liis " too solid ilosl. " (a I a Hamlot), and expressed-ii fervoritidosii-o for it to molt. Iu tliis ho seemed thoroughly iicclimotizod, and all would havo bcpvi'well bad not the oiiairmiui,' with' .'most .ulibecomiug " gqivji-y, and jiiBt at tliat ' particular period "riwhen tiio deepest pathos of tlio piece had induced' Mr. -Macareo . to Bt'rikb':' an at titude strongly'' siiggcstivo of. rqn qttaok Of eolic', pursed. up his'lipqi iind 'transforming his hands -into' a' toiriporai-y cornot or truriipet blown a kind of " tai-antara" tliat niigfit liavo boon omitted by a consumptive' biiglo. ' iiio iiitorruption caused a laugh, it is truo ; but thb' Baored Character of 1 tho words was des troyed, and . .the boauty of .Shakspcare'a language eliminated. Noverthiless Mr. Miiiaroo's attempt was well reeeivfid; ' iind thou he favored lis with a. song .called "Strangers Vet." Tliis was a very line rqnditiou. and qiossossivo of novqlty. ,,At the brill of oyory liiie,, jliqi vocalist,, stopped, .ami vcrtiuUy:pointc(l.qut,tko cliiof, poLuta.jofi tlm lyries. Tho song and its hearors qro even up to this .pi'esorit, day.- '.' straugors /yet,"-, aad likely to. rouiain so. .In this, too,., lie ,.was assi8ted'j;Ly : , Mr. .Faeo.'s accompaninioot, upon the cprisumptiye, buglq aforesaid, , and ii kind of phantojn. chorus by,, ; tlio ; cbq'i- gonerally. ' 8omi1,.aftorwarda..'Mr.' Linnctt ossayod a song, und iii this ho. was, aided by 11, peculiar drum attachment,;: eaoli of the guoqts making it liis husinoss to produuo an ' Quiphatto a'ccont '.of "thorliythmitiealjbuats'i'u tlio bar'by forcii-ly driving in the niiils of, tlic flooring with thqheqls of, thoir right ; boots. .Tho next item ivas ! by. Miy; Face, ., who, rivitli i'nuch solemnity and decision, .'placed his cigar in the 1 uiputli of. : a lomquude bottle, iind used the combination as hq would a.fiute. The song, lio.sapghad somrircfererico to the, riegteeri. qf, .thq, yV'es't.-.'liut.'ij; jcould . never b'o iiceivutel'y 1 asoertainqd: in,, wbat umnuei-. in .the name of fovturio. the fiute ; pei-roruioncp! could in, any,! sbiipo or, form Ijoriefit it, ; No, matter' tliat, hq'wover, ;thiB;yauai qffq'rfc'i ivas. ii, pronounced success,, . and with another /flourish of ,the eonsumptivd bugle, Mr. Face bowed his aekridwleilg niorita.! . A scratch toast or two and a JCngtlem 1 analysis of thq pros and, eqnsj surrounding tlia Early Closing Question we're' tlio next Order of tho day, and thon ennio a right down" toiia fide 'oliaUoiigo'. " It's" advoiit was oeejtsioned by tho genial Alderman -:Nobbs, who had boon rilling his. old hobby jliprse, " Criekot for North Roeklinnipton," to death. ' So far, indeed, '.did lie proceed,, and' 'so enthusiastic did ho wax, that tho high- spirited and' patriotic Faro ' could .stand it no longer. . tmpotuous.y, . ho aroso' and, in withering 'neeonts; 'demanded to know there anil then whether Mr. Nohbs thought iio e'ould play criekot at' all.' 1 Was 'Mis mind so twisted and contorted as to lead him to believe that I10 possessed tho power of ovon - bowling an "(Uiidorhandqr slow. " Phew ! (Hore Mr." Face' removed ii" troublesome fly S from his right ear, aud took from the biiek J of liis liqek a cork that. some facetious noigh- ' bor had placed thero).' Tho whole filing was abaiiril, litqra'ly absurd, and thoru, , with his 'hand solouirily grasping that pio'co of liam fat which thoy eoulil all oasily pprooivo, ho lliKlertook to " play " Mr., Nobbsvfcr " what lie likcil!' in a single w'fo)cct' ani3t ' (Loud liud jirqlongcd eheei-ing, Midcriwt'of "Sit down"). Ho woidd not. sit down ; and ho challenged tlio geritlomcn . :wlio,' had just spoken to niako him sit down. Lot him coirio and try it, that was nll.; Ho know w'ho would sit down first. (Clicers and counter, chcors). Mr. Noblis did not definitely reply tb tho challenge, uud'nftor 11 gonernl and a hearty laugh the proeeediugs wero brought to a eloso ; and, soon aftor God Savo tho '.Qiioon mill Auld Lang Syno had been arug, tho Town Hall was redolent only of tho fumes of tobacco, corks', bottles (N.B., empty) and the ghost' yf JIiluilol's Daddy. ; > 