To-day the general election of members of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria will be held. The polling at 3idhlura will i,: conducted in the private schoolroom on Deakin Arvenue. Mr. Henry Williams is the Deputy Returning Otlicer andl Mr. O. II. Call is the poll clerk. The vote at ..il dura will not be a very heavy one, as not only are there a great nmtlber of electors absenlt from the settlement, buhnt several whose names appear on the divisional roll reside pit too great a distance-from l; to 701 miles anay-to make it possible for them to record their votes. Itowever, it is to be hoped that for the sake of making a good show before the counlllltr every voter who can do so will avail himself of his franchise. We should like to see the number made as large as possible, so that the reproach of being too unimportant a place to visit, which some of the calldidates have throwni upon it, may he proved to have bee 11un1 deserved. Polling Day. We have made arrange ments to have the results of the various elections wired to us tthi evening, and for the public cosvenietnc the telegrams will he exhibited in the windows of the Deakin Avenute sclhoolroomn until 12 p.m. The re sult of the Donald and Swaun Ilill election will probably be known about 10 p.m., ao there are no polling places of importance at any great distance from a telegraph station. Whatever the merits of the other catndi dates for the elec:orate of Donahl anld Swan HIill may be, they have not thought it worth while to do as Mr. T. K. Dow has done come up and show t:hemselves at M3ildura. After treating this district so contemptuously they must not be disappointed if Mr. Dow se cures all the votes polled here to-day, as he seems likely to. We will have a big say in the next general election, and Messrs Quirk, Foreman and Taverner should have kept that inll iew. N?t one of thenm can reason ably count on a vote at Mildura, till a deeper interest in its welfare is o:loifeslted. A telegram received by Messrs Chafrey Bros Ltd. stated that the Melbournse Herald of Saturday, and the Arquer of M3omday had published certain comm.onts on the report of the Mild ra Health Oficer with regard to the outbreak of the typhoid fever here, and that the promoters of thte settlement were held blamable for allowing the place to fall into an insanitary candition. It is not within the prorince of the Chalfeys to en. force cleanly habits on the part of the people. They have done all in their power by clearing the tents from the river toats where the m:tlady- m:ade its alpearane., tin some caes they had to resart to legal pro seldigs to effect this. uld they gaine I very t little psopularity :amongt the tent dwellers for their appireatly high-handed action in the m:atter. So far i-se ha:ve been able to ascertain the ollthreA.k has laeotl contintl to a very few cases, atu these only where there h;ul lbe. gross negleet of ordin;lar sanitary precautions. \1r.1 K Buxton nmt t with a sa:il mishap ontllthe 15th inst whilst driving along tle river bitnk towards Sliblur.T. llii vehicle a:itme i contacts with Messrs PI'e and llil lier's butchelr's eart, which lie was trying to pass." The collision upset 51r Ilsxtons s cart :oid he was thrown violently to the ground. slststainuin a double fracture of the leg. l uder.l)r. Abr.ansow kis care ie is loiug as well :l can he eoxpectel. [ The absve was accidentally ulnittol from otilr tast issue. Ens. f.C.] At the preoset time the Enginieer- in-Chief lhas his hans just as full of work asheowant themt to be. The collncrete foullndations for the pumping plants at King's billa:lolg aInd Nicholls' point are being put il., a:nd the twin boilers and other portions of tile pl:lant are being placed in position. The engilles for King's ,lillaltoug are in the way fromt England andI will lprobably arrive at Port Adelaide by the time the 3larray ri? suIlli ciently to :ullmit of their transplort to the oettletellt. A petition praying for the early estab- lishment of a Court of Petty Sessions at Mildura has just been taken round for sig- nature by Mr. Fleetwood. It is to be hoped that the request will be granted without delay, as at present the arrangements for the administration of justice are shamefully inadequate. The nearest court is held at Yelta, 16 miles distant, and the Clerk of Petty Sessions is Mounted-constable Allis, who is stationed there. As his duties re- quire him to regularly patrol about 200 miles of the river frontage, the chance of the intending litigant finding him at home to make out the summons is all times very uncertain. Then when the summons has been issued and duly served a loan of a couple of magistrates from New South Wales has to be negotiated before the case can be tried. It is time this absurd state of things was brought to an end. On Maonday evenhln the captulre uf a ghost that ha- been haunting the river tlat for aboutl three weeks pa-t was effected. The engine-driver employed out the M'L:rut pumping plant at the etation holeitedtl who boards at a restautrat inl the town, l:has been frequently seared by a horrible looking spleetre while passing through a lonely part of the intervening flat at night. The mtan was nearly frightened ou oof his wits, and the matter becamte so seriolls that anl ex. pedition was organised on Monday night to capture the olt'eding spirit. Four st:l wart young tlten went forth arlnedl with brick-bats and other rapid-tiring weapons, and they in due cours e catm up with the ghost grinning at them out of a: patch of polygonuom. It was adjured to stland ald give in, but as it continued to gibber andl grin at the party one of them knocked it endways with the section of a brick. Thte proprietor, if he was ill tile tneigltborhood eecaped in the darknels, and te mnay give himt?eli a cordlial congratulattry handshake in having done so. If lie hald beun caught his skin would have been freckled over so plentifully with Lower Murray stoiiebrtuises that his favourite arnt would ha ,:e di-sowned him. The ghost, on exaination.ll was foundd to bIe a kerosene can that hald beenl cut away at the sides ill sIuch it manlller as to Slhow tile light from a candlle inside, i hining as throulgh a skeleton head. It was set tIItpolt 1 post, which teas further decoratedl with an old white blanket. It may not be generally known that the perpotrators of foolish freaks like this render thentselvet liable to a very heavy penalty on eonuvition of the offence. Further,if that itmalicious jester had been captured oil Morlday there would not have been etough o(f him left after the conferenlce to spread any tsort of a penalty over. A buggy accident of a sen?ationlal char acter, but happily unattended with serious cotnieqluences, occurred in Cllreto Avenue on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. W. B. Chaltery' trap, in which there were two of the servants employed at the station and a clhild, was being driven rapidly past the National Bank by the homestead groom, when a slight jerk threw thle driver, seat and all, out of the vehicle. The matt clung to the reins until they broke, :nd the hor-e i'ttttutliately bolted towards the river. Just wthen lhe arrived at the crest of the hill anl appeared to be carrying the occupants of tile trap to certain destruetio, lie suddenly swerved and capsized the buggy. sending the terrified wdment whirling down the steep incline. There was trouble for a tittle, but it was found that the buggy had got all the worst of it, the occupatts having escaped with a bad fright and a severe shaking. Had the horse not contrived to get rid of his load just at tllhat point, a few yarn)s mor wouttij hare brought him into country where it would have been impossible for the affair to have terminated with such happy restlts. At ree:t e t the unut:lle tow -tlate tf the river miakes navigttion for oll thee of veeels uot 'sfe. WhieLI thie streCam fall snother foot or so. a:ld slllsiles illnto the deelest challnel,, the sulo will hIs cooured out :tlldl the iliangeroti reefs exposed, so th:t it will hie mucth less ditliclt to steer o sfe courit se th:ll it is just ow. Sllllle tinm g io it w:,? proed t, reve sio se ofs the ore d.ngteri?u reef- hy bolwing thae up with dyll mite. .\ go, opp1rtu1ity f1r pttuttig this hlea inito praetire now otters itself. The ttiurroc will prlei:ly te lowor luritg the extt live or six weeko th?in it \\-ill e aot any I I:tLter pe'riod of the Cye:r. Alhntg )eakhi .Avetut ftor .pwoolt etf i mile the grollllld ha been preptared ly 2tessre (halirey lre.forrtreplanltin. Thr trees to li tee ore the .11ireton bly trig tel€ the 5ugatr ft titti.. Ori rg i \·cl F lirti trirtizeIr~1i I..f·c l L~r gir1lll thrt rritlriirii tir I: Fi a t:I1 1 iii F jir ii iaiiitiiittrd. t'hr re-in :ttcnrilltnlrd ii~ e iiTrL Sliiirtr 1:irt irek terma iui~ la~iiir~lilir ti~ huirF. trirtl thu pirirttgrur..i irnl crrgi, cii Ia -rn-ratI r~i-n;rttic lt~IrItItIul iii Flit i-ierr Alter· itt rirnitiralt tIieirCII. r iii1 irittirlip nrirrtin g? rtrtirrrct FIr ttii ttli. G nitlllric le t~r~trrr. ar F~ri-itrisirrirt tiCtulllitter' \:ira I F~reititil Fr. ttrr.:n: F ItItII iF· rirryttig.rL iiTLr it iti fntlrtiirr *P ~r clllr Intuitif Meitra ll. I. ccarrirn. F r~n-itr iiiirn i 