Chapter XXVIII.—Farewell, Robert Angus -went downstairs, entered his wife's study, and shut the door. It is well there are not many such moments In life; they could not be compensated on earth. He walked up and down the floor of the darkened room, sometimes pausing to look curiously at the moonbeams, which stealing through the half- closed Venetians made pale, uncertain lines, across the carpet. After a time he sat down in his wife's chair at the writing table in the window and buried his face in his arms. He sat thus in absolute silence for a long time. . In the kitchen the three maids were grouped about the hearth, wondering what could be the matter, and afraid, though It was near midnight, to go to bed lest their services should be required. The maEter had had nothing when he came off his journey, and they dared not intrude to ask for any orders. This terrible un known, but crushing sorrow seemed to be more dire in its consequences than little Eric's death. " I'll go up and knock at the mistress's door," said Kitty, bravely rising when the eight-day clock on the kitchen stairs rang twelve. "I'm not fit to bear this quietness no longer." She stole lightly npthe atalrtothe dining room flat, but just as she palled the baize covered door back she paused, for there was a footfall coming down from the upper landing, and In a moment she saw the white-robed figure of her mistress with her long dark hair fastened by a sliver pin and hanging about her shoulders, glide acroBs the hall and into the Btudy. So there was nothing for her but to go back to her neighbors again, which she did, shivering as if Bhe had seen a ghost. Robert Angus was not conscious of the opanlng of the door, not ' conscious of the light footstep crossing the floor, and he started violently when he felt a presence near him, and when his wife's hands entwined themselves about his arms. But he did not look up, nor yet utter any word. " Robert," Bhe said at length, in an almosb voiceless whisper, bat he heard it. " I have come back. I was very hard upon you. It was my pride that wa3 hurb. For giVe me. Let us bear this together while we may " H turned about, folded his arms about the kneeling figure, and drew it to his breast. He bent down his head and rested his cheek upon the shining brown tresses with which he had so often played. Afber a time she felt his tears falling on her hands, and with a quick sob Bhe wound her arms about his neck and prayed him to be calm, It was more than Bhe could bear. "You have forgiven me, Joan ?" he said, at length. "You believe it was through my love for you I erred. It was a terrible temptation. Had I loved you less I need not have succumbed to it so easily,"' "I. know, I know I" she answered quickly. " lb Is I who must a3k to be forgiven for my hardness of heart. I ought not to be here," she continued, her voice.falling to a whisper again. 41 It can he no sin, can it, seeing It must be the last time, and that we. part to-morrow 2" " For ever, Joan 2" " Don't ask me, Robert," she moaned, It is sufficient for me to bear it as it is." 4'When I think of your ruined life, my darling, I am unmanned," he said hoarsely. "»Yon of all women to have such a fate. Was it for thiB you bestowed upon me the unBpeakablo blessing of your love?" "Hush! hush! We must not, dare not, question; only accept, as nnmurmur Ingly as we can, what cannot he helped," she whispered. " After all, we have been happy. We have memory to live upon, 1 am not sure that if I could I would undo the past. I have really taBbed life's sweets these past two years." "Joan," said Robert Angus, so suof denly and earnestly that Involuntarily Bhe started, "you know there is one way in which we can—partially, at least—remedy the evil, my unhappy wife has wrought. Can you guess ?" "Yes, you can ask the law to make yonr former marriage null and void," she answered. " But " " But what, my darling ?" "You remember what the Bible says of the man who shall marry again after he ia divorced," Bhe Bald Bhrlnklngly. " Though you Bhould divorce yourself from Amy Burnett and we Bhould be married 1 could never feel as if I had any right to be your wife." "Then we must part Indefinitely, per haps for ever, J oau 2" " I—I think It would be better so," she faltered. "We will get strength. It may not he so hard as you think." • But you, Joan 2 Do you know what it will involve for you 2 Exclusion from the world; from the society of which you have been so bright an ornament." "If that he the world's verdict I am content to accept it," she said, with a strange, sad smile. "And what will society be to me without you ?" They were silent again, each weighed down by the burden of the dark fature, which seemed like some tossing, shoreless sea, without haven or destination. " You have seen Amy 2" said Joan en quiringly, after a time, " Ye3,1 saw her. I met her by acci dent one day In the park walking with Lady Finch's children. Knowing Lady Finch had brough a governes3 with her from Newfoundland I had no difficulty In understanding the whole matter." " Then you went to see her 2" "I did." " What did she say ?" "Don't ask me, Joan. If there baa woman on earth utterly devoid of feeling or heart except In her own interests that women Ib Amy*Burnebb," he said passion ately. "Her chief and only fear was that we shonld reveal her long deception to her benefactress." " It is terrible to think what a living He her life has been these past four years," said Joan, shuddering. "Poor erring Amy ! One wrong step has led to too many more." " Joan, is it possible you can have an atom of—of sympathy or compassion for her ?" exclaimed Robert, In astonishment. "When I think of her poor mother, when I remember what she was, Robert, there is nothing bub pity In my hearb for her," said Joan, her face shining with divine unselfishness. " Whatever my lot may he, hers is the harder, for my con Eckcce has no burden upon It." "I never knew till now how utterly unworthy I waa of you, Joan," said Bobert Angus humbly. " When I hear you speak 1 feel as if I could almost be strong to part with you. And yet, God knows, without you my life will be empty indeed." " On this side, but over yonder all will he weU, whispered Joan dreamily, and her face shone with something of the peace which, in answer to her agonised prayer, had come as a benison from heaven. "See, the dawn is breaking," she said, rising to her feet, and pointing to the faintglimmeringof light in theroom. "You are in need of rest, and so am I. Later In the day—for it la a new day now—we can talk more and make our arrangements." A smile flickered for a moment on the grave, beautiful mouth, but the quivering of the lips speedily dispelled it. She was brave, indeed, but ib would not in a moment be crushed down. She bent over him, laid her white hand caresalngly'on the dark head, lightly touched his brow with her lipa, and glided from bh6 room. In her heart of hearts she said it was her l&Bt; farewell. • « • • e • • Before the day was very old Mr. and Mrs. Angus from Auchengray arrived at the houBe in Cadogan-place, having travelled all night. Isabel could not rest until Bbe had seen and spoken with Joan. Poor Isabel! it seemed as if her dead brother's sins were being visited Indeed upon her head, and this was the bitterest fruit of all. Robert received them. He had only thrown himself upon the study couch, Bleep being out of the question. Kitty told him her mistress had fallen asleep in her dressing-room. "Where 1b Joan1?" said Isabel hurriedly, putting back her veil from her haggard face. " Will Bhe see me ? Hoes she feel bitter against me? 1 should not wonder, only it would break my heart." "None of us know Joan yet, Mrs. Angus," replied Robert, with a mournful smile. " And I, who have been blessed with her close companionship so long, know her leaBt of all. There is no bitter ness In her heart. The way in which she has borne this awful shock is quite unlike anything I have ever seen. She Is more an angel than a woman. She would even pity and pardon the woman who has done her so bitter a wrong." " Then she la too good for this world. She won't live," replied Mr. Angus almost hotly. *• Is there no law to punish a person who has done what that person has done ? I daren't trust myself to name her. Can't she be hanged, or some thing?" " Hush ! hush !" said Isabel gently. "Ho, I won't hush! -1 must speak to somebody or I'll explode. The hussey ! I only wish I had seen her here. John Burnett can't have brought up his children properly, or they wouldn't turn out such reprobates." Isabel turned about and quitted the room, and Robert listened patiently to his father's ravings, guessing they would re lieve his mind. He had been so stunned at first at the story his son told him at Auchengray that hie had been unable to utter a word. 41 Well, what are you going to do ?" en quired the old gentleman, when he had spent his wrath In plain speaking about Amy Burnett. "Of course, there will be no difficulty in getting a divorce, and then you can be married again." " There would be no difficulty, but Joan will not agree to It," replied Robert quietly. "Hot agree to it? In the name of wonder, why not ?" " She has peculiar and strong Ideas on certain subjects, father," said Roberb, with difficulty. * "Her decision in this matter 1 believe to be firm and unalter able. I would rather not discuss it just now, if you please." " Then what Is she going to do ?" queried Mr. Angus, in open-mouthed amazement. Robert shook his head. <c Does Bhe know what the thing in volves ? Has she faced It in all Its hear ings? Hoes she know how the world treats people in such a position?" " She knows that she will have to re tire into solitude, that she can have no position anywhere!" groaned Robert Angus, in the anguish of his soul. " Is the woman inad ?" " For heaven's sake, father, be quiet If you cannot say aught to help or comfort," said Robert passionately, unable to bear" any more, " I never heard the like of it," said the banker more quietly. " And you were so happy together; and Isabel and I were so proud and happy In you both. Poor Joan' poor, poor girl!" His warm, impulsive feelings would no longer be hid under the semblance of blustering anger. His firm under lip quivered, tears chased each other down his cheeks, and. he cried like a child. To Robert Augus the sight ot hia father's grief was even mere painful than his assumed Irritability, and he began to walk restlessly to and fro to masber his own feelings. "Isabel and I have talked it over, Robert," said the old man at length, " and we've arrived at a conclusion. I'm getting to be an old man now ; time I was getting aside from active: life. I'll give up the whole concern and we'll go abroad and make a home for that poor stricken creature, who has scarcely known a day'i happiness since her father died. I think she will be happy with ub. 'VV e'U do what we can to make up for all Bhe has lost—at least she'll feel that she isn't alone in this cold, cruel world." " God bleBS you, father!" fell hoarsely from Robert Angus's lips, and he took his father's hand In a grip of Iron, which told a little of the relief, the unspeakable gratitude which filled his soul. Just then the door opened and Isabel looked in. Her face waB wet with tears and her voice tremulouB with emotion. "Joan would like to see you," she said to her husband. "You- need not be afraid ; she is very calm and composed. Her fortitude is simply marvelloua." Roberb Angus, the younger, remained below while the two went upstairs. He had no right any more to seek his wife's presence; she was his no more.. They were aB completely parted a3 if death had taken the one and left the other. Per haps in time that thought might be less fraught with agony, and yet lb was greater than he could bear. It was rapidly arranged that day that Mr. Angus, the elder, should escort his own wife and Joan back to Cannes, where they would remain until his affairs were wound up and he could join them there. That was all that was settled in the mean time, the discussion of the future being left till Joan w&3 more able to bear it. She was very calm, very sweet, very passive In their hands, like one, Isabel thought, whose intereBb in life was dead. On the evening of the second day the trio started for the sunny south, once more leaving Roberb Angus alone in the desolate house. It had been agreed that nothing need be said yet about the extra ordinary change in their domestic a$alr3. Soon—ay, too soon—the world's tongue would wag freely, making light of what was of such terrible moment to them. Joan wonld not seek a private parting from her husband. Isabel guessed the reason why. Her heart was already too sorely riven. He was in the hall to see them off, and when the others stepped out Joan turned to him and held put her hand. Neither spoke ; but the language of the eyes, those mirrors of the soul, could not be mistaken. In both shone the deep, unquenchable yearning of un alterable love. It waB over in a moment. Mr. Angus came back, took Joan on his arm, and drew the hall door close after them. A moment more and the carriage wheels rattled over the stony street, and Roberb Angus was alone Indeed, amoDg the ruins of his happiness and his home. (To be continued.) 