ANGLICAN SYNOD. FrE6T Bar's SiTTisa, The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England, in the diocese of Adelaide, was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Taea d»y morning, May 21, when the holy com munion was celebrated. The Dean of Adelaide (Rev. C. Marryat, M.A.), and Archdeacon Morse, M.A., assisted the bishop as celebrant. lUtj DUS1UUBH UJOCllUK W»o upawu **» w«' Church Office, Leigh street, in the afternoon, under the presidency of the Iiord Bishop (Dr. Kcnnion). The following members of Synod were pre sent :— Reva, C. S. Beaumont, W. G. Blaak mc re, Canon Dendy, D.D., T. Field, M.A, J. O. Haynes, M.A., W. S. Hopcroft, K. Kenny, M. A , W. F. Marshall, A. Orchard, B. O. Stephenson, B.A., T. Ward, F. Wil Hbits, M.A., G. E Youns, J. Kirk latd, RichatdBon Reid, Dean Marryat, M.A., Rev. M. Williams, B A., Arch deacon Farr, LLD,, J. W. Owen, B.A., fil. C. Wood, M.A, Canon Poole, M.A, Caoon Green, F. D. Maguire, Canon An drewsj H. M. Pollifct, T. Blackburn, B.A , Archdeacon Dove. MA., W. A. Swan, A. Honner, F. W, Samwell, W. H. MucJie, W. S, Moore, Canon French, M.A-, E K. Miller, J. W. Gower, G, S. Bawyear, Cauon Coombs, Canon Whitington, LL B , J. S. Wayland, Canon HoweU, M A., J. H. Corvan, B.A., B. T. Craig, D.D, T. W. Swan, Archdeacon Morse, M.A., W. J. BuEBell, S. S. Moncrieff, T. Wood, J. Houghton, R. B. Webb, M.A,, E. K, Yeat man, M.A., W. A. Campbell, M.A , G. 3. Ivee, B A.. W. Cooke, G. £. Gibbes, Walter Ward, M.A, W. M. Teape, M.A., J. LumBden, M.A., P. R. P. Dodd, MA,, C. W. Hawkins, LT., C. A. Kent, B.A., R. T. Mathewe, B.A., Messrs. G. Mayo, S. Tome, G. G. Mayo, W. H. Holmes, W, Barlow, LL D., D. Garlick, W. G. EandalJ, J. Barker, J. H, Cunningham, F. J. Bladep, W. Chambers, J. Wnite, A. J. Wripht, S. Dixon, F. R. White, J. H. Grundy, F. H. Stokes, S. Best, J. O. Wharton, A. A. Hamilton, G. W. Siililant, F. Doswell, J. O. B. Moncrieff, C. LyonB, T. Hardy, W. Ray, J. L. Simpson, G. A. Connor, F. Halcomb, O. H. T. Connor, E. N. Wigg, C E. Owen Smyth, H. E. Downer, H. J. H. Davey, F. Makin, H, M. Hawkes, J. H. WileB, J. N. Taylor, W. D. Clare, T. S. Porter, A. Spenoe, J. Salmon, W. S. Douglas, W. B, Sells, C. T. Hargtave, J. G. Holmes, W. Bowering, G. WiezelL R. Drummond, O. Weld, O. Weld, W. E. Lewis, H. D. Holmes, F. W. MonBell, W. St. Clare White, G. H. Catchlove, T. Edwards, J. H. Thornley, F. A. Grant, W, Pops, T. Williams, H. Hodgeon, E. G, Blackmore, R, JU Tapley, E. Lovelock, J. Grundy, A. C. Harley, G. W. Hawkes, H. Mildred, T. James, M.D., J. B. Shepherdeon, F, Allwork, .T. W. OaBtine. J. Stsles. T. Stalley, A. Boult, E. Butler, G. Gill, Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., J. R. Legoe, O. E. StokeB, Fi W. Pennef ather, E. Elphick, E. L, Hamilton, C. B. Young, J. Legoe, J. Norton, H. Church, ' C. E. E. Sabine, LL.B., T. K. Hamilton, S. R. Wake field, Hon. S. Tomkinson, M.L.C. The Bishop's Addbkss. Bishop Kessios delivered tbe following addresB : — My reverend brethren and brethren of the laity— The firet duty I have to discharge in ad dressing you in'this, our thirty-fifth session of the Synod of this diocese, is to officially tender my thankB to the Very Eev. the Dean of Ade laide, Vicar-General of the diocese, for tbe admirable manner in which he administered the diocese during my absence in England. It is not neceeseary to call attention to the care and painB with which all the difficult work which fell to his lot last year was accomplished, for this ia known to you all ; but I do think we all owe him a debt of gratitude, and, speaking for myself, I think it will be a gain to myself, and I think it may prove a gain to us all, that with the practical experience which the dean now has of the work of the bishop he will be ready to give of his sympathy and assistance to the one on whom it has pleated God that the chief responsibility of guiding and leading the diocese should rest. Meet of my brethren of the clergy, and of tbe laity also, eeem to have endeavored during my absence to make it an object of their care that I ahouldfind nothing had suffered through xny absence, I moat deeply value and thank God for such loyalty, and £ pray God to make me more worthy of it. I desire also most warmly to thank the Bishop ofjRiverina for the great kindnesB with which during my absence he presided at the annual meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission Society, and also con firmed candidates for me at the Cathedral. CHANGES IK THE DIOCESE. There have been many changes in the diocese siuoe the last Synod was held. We have to record the Iobb from our ranks of the Rev. E. Jenkins, whom God has called to Himself after a long life of useful Bervice. We shall often miss his kindly voice and genial wajs. He .is succeeded in his work at Ken sington by the Rev. W. A, Swan, who was previously at Narraeoorte, We are all very sorry to* loBe from our midtt the Rev. A, Sells, whose clear judg ment and refined mind were a source of strength we can ill spare, but he has returned to England after long service in the colony, not without Borrows, in which he had the sympathy of us all, but with the happy recol lection that he has been a real helper in tbe work of tbe Church in this diocese, and that he has won the esteem of all good men. Tae Mitcham. The Rev, F. P. I. Borrow, after serving a curacy at Glenelg, has returned to England with restored health. The Keva, M. Whitton and J. T. Richmond have also left the diocese since last Synod, and are now working in other parts of Australia. Their places I hope to fill by the appointment of three men, who are now on their way from England, and will shortly arrive in the colony. The Rev. R. R. Taylor has resigned his work in the diocese. The incumbency of Mount Barker, which he vacated, has been filled by the appointment of the Rev. G. J. S. Bowyear, B.A.. who has done good work for the Home Mission Society. The incumbency of Kapunda has been filled! by the appointment of the Rev. Canon Whitington, whose zeal in the cause of missions will, I hope, lead to that parish becoming an important centre for Church work. The Rev. P. R. P. Dodd has gone home on leave of absence, and the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, formerly assistant curate to Archdeacon Morse, has been ap pointed bis locum tenens. The Rev. H. Hughes, who was acting as locum tenens at Gltnelg during Canon French's absence, has left for his own work in England. Toe Rev. H, T. Freeland, who has also gone home, has resigned the position as my chaplain, ia which he did so much voluntary and useful work. Among the new clergy whom we welcome to the diocese are the Rev. G. A. Kent, M.A, who has been appointed to Laura; the Rev. D. M Teape, B.A.., who was doing praiseworthy work in the diocese of Durham, and offered himself for a period for work in this diocese ; the Rev. J. LumEdon, whom I ordained deacon at an ordination I held on behalf of the bishop of Durham in Lngland. These two last-named are working together in tbe south-east. The Rev. F. Marston, M.A., the Rev. D. Boyer, M.A., and the Rev. Wyndham Olampett, B.A-j whom we hope soon to see among us, will ail, I thick, be a gain to the diocese. It is a severe disappointment that through his having a serious illness we cannot now count on having among us the Rev. J. Manley, a young man of brilliant promise, wuu. -l nupcu, wuuiu -uy tuu Lima nave come to do the work of theological tutor and to be precentor of the Cathedral. Ttrat Dr. Dendy should retire from a position which he has filled for so long with such remarkable ability is a matter of deep tegret to all who value the beautiful services at the Cathedral ; but we are glad to tuink be will still be able to occasionally preach there. The part he has taken in helping to maintain the services on their present footing will not be forgotten. The late and the present bishop's interest in the Cathedral have been happily linked together by him. Dr. Ddndy will shortly become incumbent of St. Cuth bert'e, Prospect. Outside our own diocesan organisation that which most strongly affects us as a Church is the departure from Australia of our valued Pri mate, Bishop Barry. I do not know that I could better express my own feelings in the matter than in the words of the address which was presented to him on his departure by the stfat-diug cunimitUe ul Si nod. Bi»hop Ssndford'a departure for work ia England is ideeply to be regretted for the sake of tbe Church in Australia and Tas mania. In his successor it is said we have tbe addition to our Episcopal bench of an able and hardworking man, The consecra tion of Archdeacon Dawes as Bishop Coad jutor of Biiebaue has caustd bome question ing among members of the Church in other dioceses. For luy o*n part when asked for n,y formal content, I gave it subject to a mfmorandum beice drawn up by tbe pri mult? &eu; luc uiiivHttLiug uisuujju, ik- me effect that uutii the General Synod had con sidered and decided en the point, the newly consecrated coadjutor bibhop should not be en tit it d to a a seat in tho House of Bishops of the General Synod. On all other grounds I gave my coment gladly, and I heartily wish that for tbe sake of the work in this diocese funds were at our disposal by which a similar office could be created, and so earnest and pious a man con secrated to fill it. ABB1VAL OF HIS EXOEIXEKOY THE GOVERNOR. For a brief moment I advert to another sddrees recently presented by the standing committee of Synod. We thought it right to fotn aiiy welcome as her Majesty's represen tative, ihe Earl of Kintore, on his arrival in M -- cnloty. Our deep 8en%e of loyalty to flip throte and person of onr gracious Qiisen fi.ffioitctly prompted such a course. But the n f-cfy end Christian ntterancea of hU FxceHency the Governor on several oooa tioLa during- the short time he has bssa amoDP us haya encouraged ua to hnp9 that J his irflueuoe in our midst will be of great value in promoting a high tone of character in our , colony, and the cordial respect with which we welcomed him has already been deepened and increased. DIOCESAN STATISTICS. That our statistical returns should show a falling off in some respects is not altogether to be wondered at when the absence of some of our clergy, the changes in tbe dioces6, and the trying year through which the colony passed are t&ken; into account. The figures are as follows:— Communicants, 5,188; communions made, 38,975 ; confirmed, 104 ; married, 391 ; baptised, 2,243. Sanday echools— Teachers; 926; boys, 4,487 ; girls, 5,227 ; total scholars, 9,714. This year ought to be one of energy and work. I shall be more than eiiaappointed if we are unable to make such increase as not only to recover any ground we may have loat, but by God's blessing possibly to advance be yond the position we previously occupied. THE DONALDSON CASE, By the kindness of the dean I am able t ?- lay before you a report, which with gr.ja'. ability and care he has prepared for me upun the case which caused so much sorrow to tae diocese last year, and which will probably prove to us what are tbe weak and what are the strong pointB in our Synodal system of judicature. The Bishop then read the dean's report on the trial. After indicating the various stages of the trial, and leading up to the pronouncing of the sentence. Dean Marryat continued hij re port aB follows : — 'Copies of the sentence were duly for warded to the respondent, as well as to the wardens of Christ Church, Kapunda, and the trustees. A demand was also served upon the respondent to give up possession. On September 14 I received a letter from the respondent, applying for a new trial. This I was advised that I could not grant, as the application had not been made within one month after the verdict, and no power was given to extend the time. The respondent at the same time gave notice of an appeal to the committee of appeal of the General Synod. Whether the appeal was ever made I am unable to say, I never received any notice from Sydney, or from any one connected with the General Synod. The next step was to give effect to the sentence of deprivation which bad been pronounced. Up to this point I had had for guidance the rules of Synod, but now the proceedings in Borne degree passed plicated. First, the injunction before men tioned had been dismissed with costs, which amounted to £62 17s, U8d. It was necessary to press for payment. On this the respondent declared himself insolvent. Costs to the amount of £42 4s. 6d. were finally recovered. Secondly, it was considered advisable that I should demand possession of the parsonage and glebe in conjunction with the trustee or - trustees. It was discovered that the pro perty was held, or supposed to be held by Mr. Henry Short, under the will of the late aiebop, who had been sole trustee. Mr. H. Short joined with me in making a formal demand for possession of the parsonage, but the respondent declined, Thirdly, another difficulty arose, for the notice given by the respondent of an appeal to the committee of appeal of the General Synod. Unfortunately the primate was absent in England, and in spite of a reso lution to the effect that rules of procedure should be drawn up immediately — passed at the session of the General Synod in 1886— no rules had been framed. If a notice of appeal had power to stay proceedings that case might be still proceeding. I wrote immediately to tbe clerical secretary of the General Synod, who replied that he. would take steps and bring the matter before the proper authorities. So far aB I know nothing has been heard of the appeal or of the rules of procedure. At length it was arranged that opposition to the granting of a first-class certificate in the Insolvent Court should be withdrawn, provided that the respondent would give up possession. He handed the key of the parsonage to Mr. A. Slu-cke on December 14, 1888. Thus ended a case which, difficult and painful in itself, was rendered more difficult and painful by proceedings which came from without, and for which no provision was or could be made by our rules. In conclusion I would express my deep thanks for the wise and timely advice and assistance given to me throughout the trial by the Church advocate (Mr, J. E. Dempster), Dr. Barlow, and Mi, A, Stiircke, To this summary of the case I would add, as your lord ship has suggested, some points which have been raised by this trial. 1. The proceed ings connected with injunction give rise to a question whteh may be regarded as one of principle, viz., the employment of a firm of solicitors to act iov the Church advo cate in the Supreme Court, No firm could be better trusted than the one employed as agents for the Church advocate. Still some thought that the matter had thereby in some degree passed out of the hands of the Synod. Personally I feel satisfied with the result, and, bo far as I know, no one has any cause of complaint. The injunction also itself, I think, calls for some remark. It was generally stated by those qualified to judge that it was granted without due consideration, and with undue haste. From the principles laid down by Lord Selborne in writing of the Royal supremacy and the position of the volun tary tribunals of Nonconformists in England, it appears to non legal minds, at least; aB doubtful whether it should have been issued at this stage at all. We have these facts before us:— That on August 1, after the retirement of the re spondent and his solicitor, Mr, Varley entered the court and interrupted the Church advocate, on the ground that he required certain papers to lay before Judge Bundey at 2 o'clock in order to obtain an injanction. No action was taken either on Wednesday, August 1, or on tbe following days, until August 7, when Judge Boucaut returned from Victoria. The injunction was then granted. After a delay of- five weeks the case was brought before the Full Court on September 5, The solicitors for the respondent did not put in an appearance on that day, as stated by them, through an error as to the date, nor on the 7th, though notice was specially civen. It is not for me to state what, if any, conclusion may be drawn from these facts. This injunction, or tbe delay caused by it, has a further interest, to me at least, as it threatened to bring our court into collision with the authority of a judge in the Supreme Court. The delay of another week would have compelled me under one fundamental provision to have pronounced sentence, whether the injunction had been dismiEEedor not. F.P. 33 requires that such sentence Bhall be pronounced within six weeks after the receipt by the bishop of the verdict. To have failed to do this would have tendered all our proceedings null and void. It would have been at this point that tbe choice would have had to be made between Christ and Ciesar. 3. I would also direct your lordship's attention to the absence of rules of procedure for the com mittee of appeal of the General Synod. Tae committee of appeal was constituted and the members appointed in 1872, with pswer to make rules for regulating, its proceedings, the time And mode of conducting appeals, the requiring security for costs, and for the due prosecution of appeals. On November 5, 1880, at the last BesBion of the General Synod, a resolution was passed — 'That inasmuch as the abeence of any rules of procedure ill appecuo -*d fjtoauiiucu. tuy AJaiferujiua tion II., session 1S72, resolution 6, may before the next session of Synod occasion inconvenience, the committee of appeal be re spectfully requested to frame such rules with out further delay, and lay them before the Synod at its next bession.' The want of these roles did put(the Synod to some inconvenience, and might have put it to far more had not other causes enabled us to close the proceed ings in this trial. I would respectfully suggest tbat your lordBhip should take ateps to press upon the proper authorities the formation of these rules, as should other cases of the kind unfortunately arise the neglect to carry out the resolution of the General Synod, especially in a matter of such vital importance as that of appeal, cannot fail to injure its influence. 4. Connected with this, it appears that we on our side Bbould draw up some rules respecting ap peals, bo as to secure some proof that the appeal is made bona fide, and not as a mere excuse for delay ; also bo as to provide against any expense to which the Sjnjd or its members may ba put thereby 5. Certain alterations should be made in the wording of some of our fundamental prr-. vieiooB and regulations, c g , in F.P. 27 there is a confusion with regard to the days. It should run thus— The respondent shall be furnished by tbe Chorch advocate with the articles of accusation, and shall within 10 days from tbe tervica of the articles of accu sation forward to the biehop hie defeacs or answer thereto in writing in a clear and con cise form. Thereupon the bi^hjp shall tix a day not earlier than 10 days fur the re ceipt of fcuch answer, or such extended time as the bishop may appoint, and shall cause the Church advocate to serve the respou-. dent with a written citation, under th« Epis copal seal of the bishop, to appear before him and his assessors at a plaoe and hour specified in the citation to answer the charge, provided that should no answer be filed within 10 days, or such extended time aa aforesaid, then in either of such cases the bishop shall appoint a day for the said trial, and shall forthwith summon the assessors, and the trial Bhall proceed as herein provided. F.P. No. 38 also requires some alteration. In the latter portion the words should run tbus:— 'Notice of such appeal {i.e. »d the part of either patty dissatisfied with the verdict, or the sentence o£ the bishop thereon) must' be given to tbe bishop within ten days from tbe notification of tha verdict of tbe as&eesors; by the bishop to the acaused, j so far aa the vtrdiot is concerned, or within ten d&je; from the time when sentence baa been pronounced by tbe bisnSJ?.- fl0 'ar m *nI9 sentence i3 concerned, or for &Q; bishop's refusal to grant a new trial.' Another po'ai that came up in the course of this trial «7»3 I the use_ of the term 'ordinary for tha time being' in the license. It appears that 'ordi nary1 has a technical meaning. Ha is an established judge of ecclesiastical ciuses, and not merely one who orders in any particular case, be ha biahop, dean, ot archdeacon. I would suggest that the word ehould be altered to 'the biahop and his commissary for the time being:,' I would aleo point out what appears to me the need of some legal adviser to whom the accusation may be referred in the first instance. In this case, if I had taken the accusation in the form in which it was firat made, the whole charge must have broken down. I would point out that at this stage of proceedings the Church advos&te; is not available, nor is the chancellor, who is a member of the committee of appeal. This may be met by extending the duties of the Church advocate. It has also baen suggested that it is necessary to secure, if possible, eome more direct method of ejectment or of taking possession of temporalities; in case of deprivation, than that supposed to ba obtained by the declaration that the incumbent holds possession of the temporalities, &c;, aa tenant at will of the ordinary for the time being. I venture to make these suggestions while the subject iB fresh in our minds, Fortunately onr experience in these cases is small. It may be years before our rulea are put to another test. Poaeibly other paints have Btruck other members. I have takin up those only which caused me some difficulty, and in which, if I had not been well advised, irjjury might have been done to the cause which we had in hand.' THE LAMBETH CONFERENCE. . I shall consider my absence from the diocesa during last year to be a distinct gain to the Church in the colony if in the future I am able to impress upon my brother Churchmen any of these deep lessons which the Lambeth Con ference of 1888 has bo firmly impressed upon myeelf. It would be impossible for me, with a due sense of my duty, to meet you in Synod with out speaking to you upon at any rate some of the subjects which were discussed at Lambeth. It is true that the Conference has not the powers of a Synod. It is deliberative and of the nature of a council rather than legislative. It has, as our late primate said of the General Synod, ' auctoritas rather than potestas.' Yea, what it has exDreBsed either hv resolntinn or in the encyclical letter must necessarily have the gravest weight with members of the Anglican Communion throughout the world. For, in the first place, it was composed of men who represent life and work under widely differing conditions through out the inhabited globe; and opinious expressed by them, to the forma tion of which they have contributed, and upon which they are in agreement, rmut necessarily have a considerable value. And next, and thiB is more important, those of whom tbe Conference was composed were every one of them men duly consecrated to the highest and noblest of offices They met to gether after earnest prayer had been offered on their behalf throughout the whole Church, and we cannot doubt but that God Himself was guiding them, God Himself among them, God the Holy Ghost. And the Bpirit of brother hood and unity was certainly realised. St. Cyprian's words were evidently true, ' Episcopatus unus est cajus a singuXis in solidum part tenetur' (De unitate 5). ' The episcopate is one ; it is a whole in which each bishop who is a shareholder enjoys full pos session' (Bishop Wordsworth). The published utterances of the Conference aie not a true measure of the .full value of the Conference. That the bishops should meet face to face, and become acquainted with the manner .in which problems common to them all are being solved |in various places and under varying conditions ; that each should give of what mental and spiritual gifts God has given him for the solution of difficult ques tions, and in like manner take from others ; that the strength of the whole body Bhould be realised by each constituent member, and so each be enabled to share in that strength, and carry somewhat of its life and power to bis own work — all these are causes of gain to the Church from the Lambeth Conference. Bat I confess I would gladly see the Conference grow into a more potential assembly. For my part I would gladly see each diocesan bishop at tending it, accompanied by duly accredited prieBts, and also laymen. So that with the same safeguards as now exist in our General Synod there may be opportunity of putting forth decrees which would become binding1 and dioceses, but which even before their acceptance would not have less weight than have the resolutions of the Conference as at present constituted. Of the resolutions passed in the last Con ference I propose to bring before yon only a very small number. Some other opportunity may arise eome day of my calling your atten tion to those which time forbids me to enter upon in this addresB. But there are some matters treated of by the bishopB which we ought to consider as Boon aB possible. At least two of theEe I hope may be considered by us in mote detail than is advisable in tbe president's address, and I propose to ask for a committee to consider and report upon them. There is an advantage in such a oourse. A Synod such as ours is always beset with the danger of being so wrapped up in the arrangement of its own regulations (funda mental or otherwise) or in the work of financial organisation of the diocese that its high prerogative iB almost overlooked. Every subject upon which the Synod deliberates that is concerned with the real- solid work of the Church in religion or morals increases the knowledge of practical Church life, and quickens the interest of members of Synod in their work. So that to turn the attention of Synod to the subjects brought forward at Lam beth should conduce, I think, to the welfare of the diocese. It is noteworthy that the firat subjects to which in their encylical letter and in their resolutions the bishops call attention are of a moral and practical nature. In the forepart they place the duty of the Church in the promotion of temperance aud purity. As regards the former of these some exaggerated language has been used about tbe habits of the people in South Australia, So far as nay own pavers of comparison go I ehould say there is an improvement even in the last few years, and published statistics prove that the people as a whole are worthy rather of praise than of blame. Yet I know there is much — very much— that remains to be done; and I must honestly say I do not think we^of the Church of England have ever taken our true part in getting rid of the evil of intemperance. With the broad basis on which the Church of England Temperance Society takes its stand, urging temperance as tbe duty of all, and abstinence in certain cases, we have an advantage in the appeal which we could make to the public of which, it seems to me, those who condemn the use almost as mush aB the abuse of wine have practically deprived themselves. Yet their zeal puts ub to ebame. In this we may well copy them. The Lambeth resolutions urge us to further effort, and the report of the com mittee appointed to deal with the subject is forcible acd in some ways suggestive. What I propose is that a committee appointed for the purpose ehould consider this report, and should make its own report to the standing committee of Synod, who Ehould have cower to act as to the best meanB of increasing the temperance work of the Church in this diocese. The subject of impurity is one more difficult to deal with, Yet it is a far more eericuB evil — more insidious, more widespread, and more sheltered by deceit .and hypocrisy. On this subject the Conference carried a unanimous resolution, I do not assert it was the only unanimous resolution carried, but it was certainly the only .resolution about which a special request was made that the unanimity with which it was carried should be recorded and the resolution was as f sllows : —'That this.Conference earnestly commends to all those into whose hands it may come the report on the subject of purity as expressing tbe mind of the Conference on this great subject.' What I think ought to be done by us is— as in the subject of temperance— to appoint a comrrittee to examine the report and enquire into the subject, and report to standing com mittee upon the best way in which we in this diocese can give effect to the desire of the Con ference. At tbe preEent time no subject ot greater importance and perhaps interest could be broneht before our attention than the ques tion of marriage and divorce. In the older countries, where habits of generations past tiave still their effect upon succeeding gene ?atior)?, it is one of gravity. But in new j CGuntricB, wtere the lines are beiru laid down | which are to shape the future growth of the j perple, a question such as this, which, while | deeply religious, is not to be regarded only as a question of religion, but as one affecting the social life and that true centre and kernel of all society, the family, the subject is one of ; transcendent importance. Tbe danger appears to be. lept, for the purpose of relieving politicians and others of embarrassments which a widespread laxity of view on the holy estate of matrimony has produced, some steps may be taken which for ever may affect the state of society in these Australian colonies. That there is this laxity of view will not, I think, be gainsaid. The sanctity of marriage has not been sufficiently insisted upon. No doubt we of the Church have not done our duty sufficiently in in Fisting 'upon it. And the State has largely Bought tor and provided facilities for mar rinp-e until it has come about that facilities for divorce are now also sought. 'The conja,f*l Vnot can be tied so easily that men c*U for easy modeR of untying it.' Tbere are eome who think the matter of secondary importance ; but bear with me while I bring before you words which no doubt you have all read, which are worth citing, as coming re cently from the perl of one of Eaglaiid's i greatest sons, and one who could never be ) thought lacking- in true liberal principles aud sentiments. Mr. Gladstone, writing a review in tbe Nineteenth Century magazine upon an American book recently published, which bears upcsi divorce, says: — 'The true mean ing of a discussion which calls into question the ancient and specially Christian constitu tion of the family ia tbat it is a vast upthrow in the world of thought and fact, which if consummated will change in time the whole moral surface of the earth, and shift in a revolutionary sense the polarity of life. Ths chief epur thrown out laterally from the great upthrow ib in America. Many a reader on this side of tbe water will be startled when he lea res that in the old state of Connecticut one marriage is dissolved in every ten, aud in the new state of California one in every eeven. He may learn with equal surprise that in South Carolina there is, aa I am informed, no legal divorce whatever ; I mean, of course, divorce that leads the way to remarriage, -again, it is neceseary to bear in mind tbat tbe divorces as well as the mar riages of any one state are acknowledged in the courts of every other. I under stand that the experience of America, as well as of this country, tends to show that divorce is largely associated with that portion of corrnjunities which is lacking in solid and staple conditions of life generally. America may BuflVr specially from the shiftings of relative position and circumstance, incidental to a forward movement in things material of an unexampled rapidity ; and it may also be true tbat a state lfke Connecticut hag to answer for many offences not her own, though Bhe cannot be exempted from full responsibility for the laws she has chosen to enact. We must beware of all sweeping and premature conclusions. But it seems indis putable that America is the arena on which many of the problems connected with the marriage state are in course of being rapidly, painfully, and perilously tried out. In so far she ia entrusted, like a procrogalivairibus, with the destinies of others, and may do much by her example to make or mar them. Miss Lee haB ventured to combat iu the ranks of what rcust be taken nowadays as the unpopular side, and has indicated her belief in a certain old-fashioned doctrine that the path of suffer ing may be not the path of duty only, but likewise the path of glory and of triumph for our race.' We are brought face to face with this question in the colony owing to the Bill which was last year introduced into our Parlia ment, and which provides for. divorce for causes other than adultery. Now I desire to give every weight to 'the arguments of men who undoubtedly want from their point of view to dp the best they can for the good of the community. Bat I am compelled to join issue with them on two points tbat seem to me to be clear. The first is that where our blessed Lord has plainly and distinctly spoken, we who believe in Him as the Son of God — who reverence Him as our living and reigning King, and trust Him as the Son of Man — cannot for one in stant allow that a course against the following of which He asserted Sis authority then can be a right course now, or, indeed, ever after He has spoken. Let it be remembered that both in the Sermon on the Mount and in His answer to the. Pharisees our blessed Lord is controverting, in right of the authority which He claimed, the custom which had obtained from the time oi Moses, and tbe force of His utterance is unmistakable. If we refuse to obay His plain direction we involve ourselves in the dilemma of ignoring His authority or of limiting its application to a period short of our own age. The second point on which I join issue I have already alluded to ; it is that to increase the facilities of divorce and re mar riage is to necessarily affect the popular opinion about the married Btate. Already the eufiering from which the late Bill was devised to procure relief— a relief equally affected by what ib known as judicial separation — has been brought about for the moBt part through par sons of incompatible temperament having been induced to enter the bonds of wedlock without sufficient reflection on what they were doing, or with a light and jaunty view of its solemn duties ; and to render those bonds lees legally binding, to teach that such solemn duties may easily be thrown aside, is only to increase the evil that comes from bo inadequate a view of holy matrimony. No; surely our true doty is to raise in the minds of our people a truer ideal of the married Btate. In this our statesmen ought to Btrive to work with ub. On the sanctity, the peacefulness, the happi ness of the home depends the true happinesB of the nation, and if on these homes we would have the blessing of the Almighty we must see to it that that blessing is sought in strict obedience to His laws, Tbe resolution of the Lambeth Conference is moBt explicit in its dealing with the sub ject: — '4. {a) That inasmuch as our Lord's words expressly forbid divorce, except in the . caee of fornication or adultery, the Christian Church cannot recognise divorce in any other than the excepted case, or give any sanction to the marriage of any person who has been divorced contrary to this law, during the life of the other party, (o) That under no cir cumstances ought the guilty patty, in the case of a divorce for fornication or adultery, to be regarded during the lifetime of the inno cent party as a fit recipient of the blesBing of the Church on marriage, (c.) That, recognis ing the fact that there always has been a diffe rence of opinion in the Church on the question whether our Lord meant to forbid marriage to the innocent party in a divorce for adultery, the Conference recommends that the clergy should not be instructed to refuse the saora ments or other privileges of the Church to those who, under civil sanction, are thus married.' The report of the committee leaves it to the judgment of the biBhop of the diocese whether the clergy would be justified in refraining from pronouncing the bless ing of the Church on the marriage of the innocent party in a divorce for adultery. Bearing in mind that in the resolution just recited the sacraments and other privileges of the Church are not to ba refused to such as are married under civil sanction, I cannot think that there would be hardship in the clergy refraining from cele bratingany remarriage of a divorced person, whether innocent or not. It is not as if in this country there were difficulty in obtaining civil sanction or a secular ceremony where the religious ceremonies of the Church are not to be had ; moreover, such a course eaves the clergy from having to exercise their judgment in any doubtful case in which there may be difference of opinion as to whether the person to be married comes within the definition of the 'innocent party' or not. In this view, my reverend brethren, I truBt yon will en deavor to support me. HOME EEUNION. As to the question of what is commonly called 'Home Reunion,' I think it best to content myself with almost a bare reiteration of the resolutions passed upon the subject. I think the time will come when they will piove to be of tbe greatest value. But so far aB we in this diocese are concerned, I do not tee tbat there is much ground for hoping any immediate action can be taken upon them. Within our own communion here we have so much yet to do in the way of put tit g our own house in order— and at bome events, later even than the session of the Lam beth Conference, have been so disturbing an element— that it is clear tbat for any movement towards reunion we Bhall have to wait awhile. Meanwhile our oourse is plain, viz,, to hold fitmly to those principles which we hold as Churchmen, which are baeed upon the belief tbat God in His love has brought us into an organised spiritual kingdom, bat to en deavor to five in brotherly love with all who leve the name of the Lord Jesus, and to pray God that in His own good time He will speedily open the way for that true union in the One Body, as well as in the One Spirit of which His apostle taught, and for which our Lord Himeelf so earnestly prayed. The Lam beth resolutions are as follows :— 11. That in the opinion of this Conference the following articles supply a basis on which approach may be, by God's blessing, made towards home reunion :— (a). The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament?, as -'containing all tbirgs necessary to salvation,' and as being the rule and ultimate standard of faith, (b), The Apostles' Creed, as the baptismal symbol ; and tbe Nicene Creed, as the sufficient state ment of the Christian faith, (c). The two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself — Baptism and the Supper of the Lord — minis- tered with unfailing me of Christ's words of institution and of the elements ordained by Him. (D), The historic Episcopate, locally adapted in the methods of its ad ministration to the varying needs of the nations and peoples called of God into the unity of His Church. 12. That thiB Conference earnestly requests the con stitnted authorities of the various branches of our communion, acting so far as may be in concert with one another, to make it known that they hold themselves in readiness to enter into brotherly conference (euch aa that which has already been propoped by the Church in the United States of America) with the repre ! aentatives of other Christian communions in I the English- speaking races, in order to con sider what steps can be taken, either towards corporate reunion, or towards such relations as may prepare the way for fnller organic unity hereafter. Perhaps one of the most important subjects brought before the Conference, and in their encyclical letter brought by the bishops before the whole Church, is that of the definite teaching of the faith which underlies all tbat has been said before In this respect onr difficulties in the colonies are not light. For at home it is tar more common to find among those who dissent from the Church of England a full knowledge of why they belong to th(-ir particular aeDoiuination than is the cafe with men.b(-r6 of «.ht Church; and the reason is uor, tar to seek . Under the shelter and help if tbe Church of ths nation these last have lived for generations their quiet life, in which the chiet If neons tbny have learned have bf en such aa would inculcate duty. Noncon formists, oh the other hand, have felt the fieeeHMty of endeavoring to ,'»»WF 'hew position, Their children have bb?n »;»8™* with an earnestness which has not been ^boat its effect why they were to hold thu, ado. wb7 they were not to hold that, and their princijv'38 have been madetbe propaganda of a cause which*, if it was to exist, must be strenuously pushed forward. Thus animated they have carried forward this work in the colonies. Churchmen, en the other hand, have only here and there awakened to the sense of the different con ditions under which they live away from England. They have feared— perhaps it is tbe result of our English training — we have many of us feared, that we should be thought to be acting uncharitably if we asserted our principles as clearly and as earnestly as da those who differ from us. But perhaps every where, certainly where the conditions are such as those under which we live in the colonies, we shall have to be more definite in our teaching than we have been hitherto, ThiE duty, say the bishops, lieB on parents as a divine charge. ' Godfathers and godmothers Bhould be urged to fulfil the duty which they have undertaken for the children whose apon tcrB they have been, and to sea that they are not left uninstructed or inadequately prepared for confirmation. The use of public oate cbisiDg and regular preparation of candidates for confirmation is capable of much develop n cnt. The work done in Sunday-schools re quires, as we believe, more constant super vision and more sustained interest than, in a great many cases, it receives from the clergy. Tbe instruction of Sanday-school teachers ought to be regarded as an indispensable part of the pastoral work of a pariah priest.' I am naturally led from this topic to speak of our ova Sund&y-Bchools; and education work generally. As regards the former, while I regret there has been apparently a falling-off in the numbers both of teachers and scholars during the last ye&r;, I rejoice in hearing that the number of teachers who have passed the examination held in our Church Sunday-school Union, and have obtained the bishop's certificate is so large. I know of no evidence which could show bo clearly that the teachers are in earnest, or any way by which they might better qualify themselves for their work, than in careful pre paration for this examination. No more use ful scheme haB been initiated in Sunday-school work than this one, and on behalf of the diocese I desire to tender my thanks to ths Eev. T. Field for the pains he has taken in promoting it. EDUCATION. On the general question of education we are making Bteady, if slow advance. Our Diocesan Board has been but a short time at work, aud its labors have not been brought prominently before Churchmen. It has been thought good to make but a small beginning.and steadily try to increase cur work than j to go off with a flourish and possibly end fgifcn a fiasco. It is only iby the establishment of «ur own schools that we can obtain religions education acr dis tinguished from religions instruction, and I hope all Churchmen will do their duty in sup porting the board we have formed. Still it will be a long time before we are able in this way to do more than touch the fringe of the work that ought to be done, even among oar own people, and I am convinced that a very large proportion of the people of this country are dissatisfied with a scheme which is to all intents and purposes purely secular. You know I ehould gladly see a Bill brought in by the Go vernment which provided for the election by tha people of the boards- of advice, oratany r&tesome; members of the boards, and which threw upon each board the responsibility of saying whether or not there Ehould ba religious instruction given under certain defined conditions in their schools. A scheme for this purpose drawn out in detail was accepted by the Synod, and was presented in the form of a petition to the House of Assembly. But if this cannot be acted upon, surely the plan adopted in New South Wales might at least be tried in thia colony. To work it would be more difficult for us who desire to avail ourselves of its op portunities for giving religious teaching, I daresay, than it is in some parts of New,South WaleB ; but I think we shall be found willing to face the difficulties and make the beBt of the scheme. A former Government at one time not long ago contemplated an Act making somewhat similar provisions, and I believe it would have met with support in the country had it been brought forward. GKNEBA.Ii, Yon will remember that in the year before I went home I brought forward in Synod a scheme for dividing the diocese into a series of rural deaneries. It was thought best that such a plan Bhould not be proceeded with on the eve of my absence. The more I have thought over the matter while away the more I hare, con vinced myself of the advisability of the forma tion of these deaneries. Very likely tbe groups I proposed might be better arranged, and I shall be glad indeed to accept any sug gestions which yon may make to me before I bring a resolution upon the subject before Synod. But it seems to- me so dearly for the benefit of tbe diocese that some anch plan ehould be brought into operation, that I sincerely hope it may not be delayed another Eession. If I do not refer to the Church of England Endowment Sooiety in more than a few words it is not that my interest in rein vigorating the society is less than your own, but it is because the report of standing com mittee will sufficiently bring it before your notice. I think all Churchmen owe a debt of gratitude to the Eev. E. K Miller for tha vigor and persistency with which he has called the attention of the Synod to the capabilities which thiB society has, if popularised, for meet ing some of our present wants. It is lamentable to hear it stated that onr older cares are in greater need of support than our newer ones. I am told that in many cases effort would be made to increase the endowment of these if this were made possible. We may, therefore, look forward to new hopefulness being imparted by the new departure which we trust the society will be shortly enabled to make, There is another matter to which I must direct your attention, and on which I invite your help. We have had a Bad warning in Australia of the difficulty in which a diocese may be placed should the bishop become un fortunately mentally afflicted, and bs unable for any length of time' to resign his see. It is only right that every diocese should make some provision against the contingency of so ead an experience; and I think it is better that I should suggest the possible dangsr to you lest you should feel any delicacy in moving in euch a matter. I shall ask daring' the) session for a committee to consider in what manner we may best provide against saob. a contingency as that I have indicated, and as it is stated that in New Zealand, as well as in the Diocese of Melbourne, similar precautions are being taken, we shall probably act wisely in ascertaining, and perhaps following, the course which has been followed in their Synods. A scheme for a finance board, differing in atleaBt one important particular from the one presented to you at the last session over which I presided, will be brought before you, which will, I trust, meet with your approval. You will notice that large powers are given to the members of it in the way of reviewing* tha work done at the Church Office and of recom mending improvements. If thiB duty is extended bo as to allow of all our Church funds of every kind being examined into with a view of seeing whether they are being; utilised for the greatest advantage of tha Church, I think some benefit would result. Of course most of the funds are closely tied up by trusts, but not all of them ; and a report dealing with them, and, indeed, ex plaining them, would be a distinct gain to as even if we had to wait some time for it. I am not eure until it comes on for discussion whether the proposed echeme will allow of all this being done, but if not the necessary authority can be easily provided. I do not think Churchmen have any reason to be downhearted about the state of tha Church generally. At home — even during the few yearB since I left England in 1832— it seemed to me on returning last year that the growth of the Church was remarkable. ThiB is especially the case in the large cities or townB. One instance alone will prove it. The Times, in reviewing the ' Church Year book' two months ago (and once more I should like to press upon by brother Church men tbat they ought. to purchase and study tbat useful publication), called attention to what it spoke of as a real token of vigor, 'that the growth in the number of young people annually confirmed largely outstrip* that of the population. In 1875 the number cod firmed in England and Wales was nndar 138 tOO ; while for 1888 the corresponding total was over 217,100— an inoreaae in 13 years of nearly 58 per cent , which is almost four times as great as the growth of the population.' OE course by those who want to find fault much will be made of the extraordinary spectacle of a bishop who is a much-loved leader of one school of thought in the Church being prose c-ofed and bronght to trial by the repre err-tative of another school of thought. I deplore the condition of things which such vcide differences of opinion nave brought about. Yet it must be remembered that the very differences of opinion are the proof and perhaps the result of vigorous life, and perhaps anything iB better than stag ration. The arch bit-bop has been blamed by sorce for allowing such a trial, eo far as he is concerned, to take plaoe at all. There are those who esy be Bhould have refused to hear tbe case, and have allowed any results to follow rather than allow so holy-minded and gentle a man and so excellent a bishop to be srraipned before him. But two things outfit to be borce in mind about the matter. Ths firet. tbat whatever may be the technical nature of the court in which the archbishop iB nttir-g, it is at least a purely ecclesiastical court, and for the first time since the modem ritual difficulties arose it is now possible foe them to be thorouehly sifted ia a ooart of which no parties csn say that it is contrary to their principles to plead fully their own case in it. The other thing to be surely borce in mind is that it is better to know tiuth at whatever cost it may be to one's own likings and opinions. If it ia uncertain what the Uhurch of England really meant by any ol her rnbricB, where these affect the doctrine and wellbeing of the Church, then by all means let us find out if possible what is meant. It Bhould certainly lessen the bitter neee of parties to find out how much can be said on either side of the question, and every Churchman ought to be prepared to loyally accept the judgment which may be pro nounced by the archbishop, with the advice of hie assessors, whether it be according to bis expectations or the contrary. This I certainly hope will be the case with us in this dioceser my brethren. I hope we shall learn to look at the wotk of the Church as far too serious and important & matter to allow of oar wasting time or strength in picking holes in one another's conception of what ib the beat mode of giving ritual ex pression to the truth. The whole object of Christianity, the whole meaning of the Church, is that men may be fashioned in the character and likeness of the great head of the Church, our Lord Jesus Christ. To this end we must devote all our energies, to this high purpose our strength must be given withont stint. For this are showered upon tie the gifts and the grace which our gracious Father bestows npon us in His Church. let ub look at our birthright and gather inspiration from it ; let us take measure of cur duties, and gird ourselves more unselfishly to perform them ; let us be prepared to make bolder sacrifices for the sake of the Church— which means for others, and for our blessed Lord— and in hopefulness and a good courage live out the lesson which the age, as well as the ageB, is teaching us— that in loyalty to Christ, in faithfulness to our English branch of the Catholic Church— we can beet advance the welfare of our country and beneSt our iellow-men. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. G. W. Hawkes, seconded by the Rev. Canon Coojibes, a vote of thanks was pageed to the bisiiop for his sddress. Cetech of Exglaxd Endowment SociEir. The standing committee reported as follows : — ' You sub committee have examined the books and records of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society from the foundation of the society in I860 to December SI, 1SS7, and have to report that the society's accounts have always been kept in a complete and business-like manner. The original capital was raised from the following sources-:— Annual subscriptions for seven years, £622 19s. 6d.; donation from S.P.G. and others, £1,998 7s. 6d ; subscriptions for Beven years to guaranteed interest fund, £6,337 lls. 6d ; total collected to 1867, when working expenses for the whole period from I860 to end of 1SS7 (say 27 years) aggregated £3,644 10s. 4d. The society has from time to time assisted Chuich work by the following grants : — Payments to Synod towards endow ment of churches and building of paroonages, £S,2£4 12s. ; to theological tutorship fund, £426; to Lord Bishop for missionary chap lains' stipends, passage-money for new clergymen, &c.;, £5.307 2s. = £15,016 14s. Dealing with the present financial position of the society we find; — Thirteen outstanding mortgages with an aggregate of £5,330 ; deposit receipt, £750=£6,080. Freeholds number 11, and are taken in the bookB as representing value of £6.665 13s. Id. The society's net income for 1887 was £350 15s. lid., and its average net income for five years (1SS2 to 1SS7 inclusive) was £579 9a. Sd. To place the society on a sound financial footing, having regard to the present values of the several properties, we think it would be necessary to write down the capital as represented by mort gagee and freeholds to £11,000. Fusps. The standing committee reported income received by the clergy annuity fund amounted to £485 5s. 4d.,and the expenditure was £65 6b, Sd. The receipts during the year foe the clergy widow and orphan fund had amounted to ££96 6s., and the expenditure to £470 10s. 2d. The saving of the income had been £425 los. 10d., which had been capitalised. The Hon. Henry Scott wrote suggesting that clergymen in delicate health might be al lowed to join in the benefits of the clergy an nuity fund, by paying half the extra premium which would be charged by an insurance com pany. Received. It was agreed that a meeting of Synod should be held on Jane 5, to adopt the alterations in the regulations of the clergy annuity fund. Endowment of Chobches. The Rev, E. K. Milder — 'That, in the opinion of this Synod jit is advisable to en- ' courage the more general endowment of churches in poor districts by reducing the amount to be required from a congregation in order to obtain an endowment of £100. from £40 to £20.' Mr. Boweeisg seconded the motioD, which waB carried. Houb of Solemnising Mabbiages. The Rev. Canon French asked the lord bishop (1) whether the limitations on the time and place for the solemnisation of marriage by clergy of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide Bet forth by the late bishop with the assent of Synod,- and subse quently endorsed by the present bishop, are Btill binding on the clergy? (2). And if so, clergy upon their being licensed in the diocese? The Bishop replied— 1. Yes, 2. Yea. Eeligiohs Instbuction in State Schools. The Rev. Canon Feench presented to Synod a memorandum from the Diocesan Board of Education relating to the Education Act, and moved the adoption of— 1. A petition from Synod to the Parliament asking for permission to the ministers of religions denominations to give religious instruction at least twice in the week in State schools daring school houra; and 2. A petition in favor of petition No. 1 to be circulated in the diocese. Mr. J. H. Thobnley seconded. Archdeacon Dove 'supported the motion, al though he would much rather see Church schools established. Still this proposal was better than the present heathen system of Stete school teaching. Archdeacon Fabe opposed the motion as unnecessary and not likely to lead to any sucaeBsfol result. The proposed experiment bad not answered well in Victoria. Oanon Andbews opposed the motion as tending to discourage the establishment of day schools. The Bishop agreed that they should establish their Church schools wherever possible in perfect independence of the State, which independence would not be secured tinder a denominational system, but in the meantime he thought they should do what they could for their children and for all children in the State schools. Personally he favored the system of elective boards of advice, with schools supported by the rates, but as the pro posal made two or three years ago in that direc tion had led to nothing he favored the present motion. The Primate of Australia had in formed him that the proposed system worked well in New South Wales. He did not see any use in mere Bible reading without note or comment. Carried. Elections. The following elections were completed during the evening :— Standing Committee. —Bevs. T. Field, Canon Green, R. Kenny, H. M. Pollitt, F. W. Samwsll, W. A. Swan, Oanon Whiting ton, Mr. J. Barker, Dr. Barlow, Messrs. E. G. Blackmore, A. Boult, G. H. T. Connor, G, A. ' Connor, W. S. Douglas, H. E. Downer, D. Gar lick, F. A, Grant, J, EL Grnndy, F. Halcomb, G. W; HawkeB, C. Lyons, J. Q. B. MoncrieS, F. W. Pennefather, W. Pope, W. G. Randall, C. E. E. Sabine, A. Spence, J, H, Thornley, S. Toms, Hon: J. Warren. Committee of Appeal.— Rev. Canon Green, Messrs, E. G. Blackmore and G. A. Connor. Assessors.— Rev. Canon Andrews, Arch deacon Fan, Revs. Canon French, Canon Howell, H. M. Pollitt, Canon Whitineton, Hessrs. H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, W. H. Holmes, O. Lyons, J. O. B. Moncrieff, F. W. Pennefather. W. G. Randall, R. L. Tapley, and S. B. Wakefield. Representatives to General Synod. — Archdeacon Farr, Rev. Canon Green, Very 17«n 4-Iia TIaam T-j**«_ O____ T)»1_ TT »JT ?zav^v. hud JL^OBUf iWTft UM1UU X. UUK3, rw m I' . Pollitt, Canon Whitington, Messrs, W, S, DouglaB, F. Halcomb. G. W. HawkeB, J. O. B. Moncritff, F. W. Pennefather, and C. B. Young. The Synod at 10.30 p.m. adjourned till 3 p.mmext day, 