FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW. A NOVEL BY DORA KTJSSEL, Author of " THE MINER'S OATH," "THE VICAR'S GOVERNESS," "ANNABEL'S RIVAL &c.;, &c.; " No use mentioning disgreebles," said Bob, interrupting the irrepressible boy, for bis eyes bad fallen on Dick's wbito and clammy face. " A. great deal of use, I think," continued Master Hal. " Be silent,' said Dick, pass iontely, .' be silentand be started up from' the breakfast!table, and Bob and Lissa looked at each other with one glance of mutual fear: as he left the room. " My belief is," said Hal the next minute, that Dick knows moro than be chooses to tell about the murder. D'ye remember when he had D. T., Lissa, |liow he always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost was in the room ?" " You had better take care of what you say, I think," said Bob. «« You'll have Dick ill again with your folly, if you don't mind. You know he's not the same fellow since poor father's death. " Well, if I'd had D. T. and I'd been Dick answered Hal who always had the last word, " it would have been poor father's ghost, and not Harry Tyrell's that would have haunted me. I don't blame him-nobody can-but for all that I shouldn't like to have the old man's blood upon my hand." CHAPTER XV.-THE ANNIVERSARY. It was a fine day this seventeenth of December, in 1872, fine, clear, bright, anp frosty, and not like the snowy, gloomy one of the year before, made ever memorable at Wendell by tho discovery of the body of the murdered heir. To both Lissa's dismay and Bob's, Dick did not return to the house the whole morning after he hastily left the breakfast table,and when, at Lissa's request Bob went to seek him, he found that Dick had ordered Winny to be saddled, and had at once ridden from the homestead. " I wish he mayn't have gone to Mitcheu" Bob added, when he imparted this informa tion to Lissa. " If ho gets drink there we'll have a fine night of it again." He never came back all day, and Eliza beth grew so alarmed about him that she entreated Bob, during the afternoon to ride to Mitchen to seek him, and endea vour to induce him to return home at once; and Bob, who also was very uneasy about him, Btarted at four o'clock. Five came, six. seven, and the brothers had not come back. Dinner was served at six o'clock, but Hal alone, with unim pared appetite, partook of that meal. " I am laying in a stock of strength," he said to Lissa, ou helping himself a second time to chicken pie, " for Dick's impending attack of D.T. A fellow can't be expected to hold another fellow down unless he has dined." " How can you jest about such things, Hal ?" said Lissa reproachfully. "Iam not jesting," answered Hal, with imperturbable gravity; I am preparing my self for an athletic contest with Dick,-and that reminds me I think I shall require another glass of beer to keep myself up to . the mark." About nine o'clock Dick and Bob arrived, Dick having decidedly taken too much drink -" awfully screwed," Bob whispered to Lissa as they came in, Dick could walk, certainly, but his aim and his power of ac complishment were very wide apart. " Lissa-" he said, " Lissa my dear," as he staggered into the hall. " Come in here, Dick," said Lissa, and she led him into the breakfast-room, and presently Dick fell sound asleep in an arm chair by the fire. Though he seemed quiet enough at present Elizabeth and Bob agreed that they had better sit up with him ; but when with some difficulty they got him upstairs, he fell on the bed dressed as he was, in such a heavy slumber, that Bob, after taking off bis neck tie and his boots, prophesied that he would never move until the morning, and there fore proposed himself to retire to rest. " Leave your room door open, and a light burning then, Bob," said Lissa, and to this Bob agreed; Elizabeth, meaning to sit up during the night, to watch the sleeping man -'in fact dreading to go to bed, lest in. the midnight hours she should be awakened by his terrible struggles and cries. . She grew more nervous and ill at ease as the time wore on. Eleven o'clock struck, and Dick began to grow restless, moaning occasionally in his sleep, and stirring his arms. Then twelve came, and almost with the last stroke of the clock Dick raised him self up in bed, and slowly, and as if obeying some powerful impulse, rose, still asleep and with half-opened, fixed, far-away- looking eyee, proceeded steadily to walk out of the room.. Elizabeth sprang to her feet to wake him -then a strange, terrible curiosity rushed into her heart, and seizing the night-lamp, she followed Dick's swift and noiseless steps. To properly relate what followed perhaps it would be necessary to give a slight idea of the position of the rooms at Wendell West house. To prevent wearisome details, how ever, I shall content myself by telling that there was a long passage extending from the upper bedrooms to an unused aftic room afc the rear of the house, which was known iii Abe family as " Grandmama's store- room." But it was never opened. " Grandma ma " (Mr. Horton's mother), an old fasnioned dame, had kept here her preserves her home-made wines and hams, but Mrs. Horton (Lissa's aunt) had never used it, preferring as her store-room a room in a more conveniently situated part of the house than this . out-of-the- way shelving-roofed attic. The key of it, however, Elizabeth ex pected, still hung on her household bunch of keys, which generally lay in her work basket in the breakfast-room. But to her surprise and dismay, as she followed Dick's quick steps, who passed quickly along the passage between his brothers' rooms, and proceeded direct to tho door of " Grand mamma's store-room," she saw him put his hand into his pocket and drew out a key, and having fitted it into the lock, hp turned it and opened the door. Again Elizabeth put out her hand to waken liim, but again with sickening, dread and curiosity drew back ; while Dick, hav ing pulled the key out of the lock after turn ing it, entered the room, followed by the pale Elizabeth, holding her night-lamp in her hand. A strange old world this ! Two ancient side-saddles were suspended from the shel ving ceiling; short-waisted, antique silk dresses, whose wearers had been in their graves a hundred years, hung here too ; and faded bunches of lavender and herbs, of which only the stalks remained, told of the old lady's house- wifely thrift and care. On the shelves were old-fashioned brown jars filled once, no doubt, with preserves and candies, and great baskets for her apples, which had left still a sort of taint and smell of decay in the air. (To be 'Continued.). 