HAUNTED HOUSES. BE WILLIAM 0. PEESTON. Ik tie long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireside, feeling all the_ more happy ana comfortable "because we know it is so cold and dreary without there are few morei favourite pastimes than that of telling ghost stories. And singularly enough, it is* often, most loved by tbose wbD are most in danger- o£; being unnerved bi.it Mo& of us,"at one time or other bare tat ty the hearth until the small bonis of thelnoining listening to tales of -horror until oar hearts have fainted within ns at the very prospect o£ going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear mm, and the fascinations of the story have increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them remains shronded in mystery although perhaps, if we did bnt know it, the explanation wotdd be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "Sir James, my mother, with myself and my toother Charles went abroad towards the end of She year 1786. After trying several different Paces, -we determined to settle at Lille, where _we.found the masters particularly good, and where we hadalsi letters of introduction to several of the best French families.' " There Sir Jamen left ns, and after passing a few days in an nnoomfjmble lodging, we engiged a nice large fanu|r|fibus& which we ILke-l mnclij-and -whicli we aVfcGned at a very low rent,|feTeilvfor that part of the -world. About thrMW«A« after we were ^established in our new residence, I walked one:day with my •mother to " the bankers, lot "the purpose 6£ delivering onr letter of credit from Sir Robert Berries, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy five fe-aile pieces we found we feonlj nnt. : cany, and therefore requested the bahkec,to send, sayingwe Jiye in the. Place du LioS-d'or " Whereupon he looked surprised, and observed that hd'S'new of no hous^ there fit fo>- -as eicept)"in4eed'.-%e addeii the one thatl&as; been long' uninhabited in consequence of t*he rcrcjianl that walks :iboat. ne said.this quite seriously and in a natural tono of voice; in spite of -which we laughed sua., .were quite entertained at the idea of a gliost^ ^mt at the Eam£ time we begged him not to mention, tlie mattes to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads; and my mother and^I resolved to say nothing abont it to any one ; < I soppbse it is the ghost,' said my mother, laughing- Mhat-wakes m .so often by walking over o"r beads '. We;.had in fact been "awakenig" several nights by a heavy foot, which posed*to he that of one of the men^seifyan^S w® had three ; Jllnglrah.ioar' French -of women servants wi' had five English, and all the rest wore Frimcifiv "The English ones, men and sVjpmeli^lever^ oiiD of them, returned oltimfttely-io^ngland wj th iis- ' — f l i g h t pi:" two afterwardsj b&ing; again 'awakened by the steX', motiherasked Cresswell- ""who slept "in lie room above us ?' 'No one- my lady.' she replied, ' It is a large empty garret. " Atjout a week or ten days after this Cresswell cane to my mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants talked about going away, because there was a rcixncml in the house ; adding, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other properiy, to have belonged to a yoong man, whose guardian, who was also his-uncle, had treated him cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage ; and as he had subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This uncle, after inheriting the property, had suddenly quitted the house, and sold it to the father of the man of •whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had ever stayed in it above a week or two ; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. " ' And do you really believe all this nonsense, Cresswell,' said my mother. '"Well, I don't know my lady,'answered she, ' but there is the iron cage in the garret over your bed-ioom, where you may see it if you please. 1 ' ci Of course we rose to go, and as just at that moment an old officer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to accompany us, and we ascended together. We found,- as Cresswell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher; it was about four foet square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring'in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chain, wilh a collar fixed to the end of it. 1 confess it made my blood creep, when I thought of the it. And our old friend expressed as "Tnuu.- horror as ourselves assuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadful purpose. As, however, wc were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who had an interest in keeping the house empty; and since it was -very disagreeable to imagine that there wore sccret means of entering it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for another residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about tho matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswell, when she came to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her? 'Indeed my lady,' answered she, 'we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can Elcep again in the room we are now in.' ' Well,' returned iny mother, ' yon shall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed yon ?'" " - Some one, my lady, went through onr room in the night; we both" saw the figure, but we both covered our heids wilh the bed-clothes, and lay io a dreadful fright till morning.' " On hearing this, I could not help laughing, npon which Cresswell bnist into tears; and seeing how nervous she was we comforted her by saying that we bad heard of a good house, and that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother requested me and Charles to go to her bed-mom and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her work for the next day. It was after supper, and we were ascending the stairs by the light of a lamp which was always kept burning, when we saw going np before ns a tall thin figure, with hair flowing down his back, and -wearing a loose powdering gown. "We both a*, once concluded it was my sister Hannah, and called out: 'It won't do, Hannah, yoa cannot frighten n;.' Upon which the figure turned into a recess in lhe wall; but as there was nobody there when we passed^ we concluded that Hannah had contrived somehow or other to slip away and make her escape by the back stairs. " On telling this to my mother, however, she said, ' It is very odd, for Hannah went to bed with a head aehe before yon came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her room, there we found her fast asleep ; and Alice, who was at work there, assured us that she bad been so for more than an hour. On mentioning this circumstance to Cresswell, she turned quite pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Marsh had seen in their bedroom. "Abont this time my brother Homy came to spend a few days with -us, and we give him a room up another pair of stairs, at the opposite end of tho house. A morning or two after his arrival, when he tame down to breakfast, he asked my mother angrily whether she thought he went ti bed drunk and could not put out bis own candle, that the sent those French rascals to watch him. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing such a thing; - but he persisted in the accusation, adding, 1 Last night I jumped up and opened the door, and by the light of the moon through the skylight, I saw a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. If I had not been in my shirt' I would have gone after him and made him remember coming to watch me.' " We were now preparing to quit the house, having secured another belonging to a gentleman who was going to spend some time in Italy ; but a few days before onr removal it happened that a Mr. and His. Atkyns, some English Mends of ours, called, to whom we mentioned these strange circumstances, observing how extremely unpleasant it was to live in a house that somebody- found means of getting into, though how they, contrived'it we could not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could sleep in the room Marsh and Cresswell bad been obliged to give Tip. Upon this, Mrs. Atkyns laughed heartily, and raid that she should like of all things to sleep there if my mother would allow her, adding, that with her little terrier she siionld not be Afraid of : any. ghost that ever appeared. _ As my mothec had of cjurse 110 objection 16 this fancy of hers, Mrs. Atkyns requested her husband to ride borne with the groom, iu order lhat the latter might bring her night things before the gites .of the town were shutj fls they were then residing a little way in the country. Mr. Atkyns smiled, and said she was very bold ; but he made no diSfeultv, and sent the filings, and his wife -retired with her dog to her room when we retired to outs apparently without the least apprehension : " When she fame down in the morning we inn immediatelyxtnuikllit suing her look ray,; 31],*u&£n'.*nqomiig if $bft3b»1had Jjeferi frightjb&li-teftakened; inthe night by something moving in her room ati that by the light of the night ]a .,,, most distinctly a figure, and that the do- rtvi was v.-ry spirited, and Bow at event!, stirred although she had endeavoured ti » i him. We saw clearly that she had been v tnnch alarmed, and when Mr. Atkvns came °J endeavoured to dissipate the feelin* |j- EuaSing her that she might have dreamt itT" got qnjteangry. We could not help tbi^ that she had actually seen sornetbiD,, • mother Slid after she was gone, that tboiHi I" "could not bring herself to believe it was reallv ghost, still she earnestly hoped that sic n,;;^ get out of the house without seeing tbis fim. 0 6 which frightened people so much. " We were now within three davs of the on fixed for onr removal; I had been taking a lon° ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep tb moment I lay down, bnt in the middle of the night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot em by what, for the step over our heads we become so used to that it no lorgerdistorbed m Well, I awoke ; I bad beon lying ivith mT ^ towards my mother who was asleep beside me and, as one usually, does on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warm the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it also at the foot, and I saw standing by achesuf drawers which were betwixt me and the window a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown arm resting on the drawers and the face tamed towards me. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which bnmed clearly. It was a lon« thin, pale young face with oh ! such a melaj! choly expression as can never he effaced from my memory. I Was certainly very much frigU. ened, but my great horror was lest my mother should awake and see the figare. I turned mv head gently towards her and beard her breaiW high in a sound deep. Just then the clock on the stairs struck four. I dare say it ivas neark an'hour before I ventured to loot agaia, and when I did take courage to turn my c-yes towards the drawers there was nothing; ye 1 , ] bad not heard the slightest sound, though I had been listening with the greatest intensity, you may soppose, I never closed my eyes again,; and glad I was wben Cresswell knocked at the door, as she did every morninr for-we alwayi'lwked it, and it was my basines to get out of bed and let her in. But on this occasion instead' of doing so, I called out, 'Come in, the door Is not . fastened ;' npon which El,e "answered that it was, and I was obliged to get out of-bfed and admit her as usual. " -'"-WjttJtoldmymotherwTiathid happened, she was^Sfiij grateful to' me for not waking her and commended jnc nnich. for my resolution. She, however, resolved- hot to risk another night in the house, shd%e got out of it that veiy fame day, aftw.intetuuting, with the aid ofthe 'servants, a. ihorough search, with a view to jasccrtain. if-Hhere was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the nsial "jnodes of ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered.' 1 ^ Considering the number of people that wae in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with the prat interest the owner of this large and handsome residence must have bad in discovering the trick, if there had -beon one—we must admit that these extraordinary drcumstances are very difficult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 1619, when the commissioners scat from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it, and efface all the emblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the 13th October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hell into a brew-house, and made the dining-room a place bo keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignii of rojal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memoir the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, ana seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He added them to uproot a noble old tree, merely bccanic it was called the Kings Oik, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to mike cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they b?gan to suspect they had got into bad company; for they heard, as they thought, a supem itaral under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the tables and chairs began 13 e, apparently of their own accord. J'J" 1 w^^S: — inln tl>» bedchamber and walked np and dowD, and fetching the warming pan out of the withdrawiugroom, made so much noise with it that they thought five church-bells were ringing iu their ears. On the sixth day, the plate3 and dishes were thrown up and down the dhiiog-room. On the seventh day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usorped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eighth and ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities; but on the tenth, ths bricks in the chimneys bccame locomotive and rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heads of the commissioners, all the ni^ht long. On the deren'-h the lan away with their clothes, and on the twelfth fiiled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night, the glass bccame unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the bonse. On'tSe fourteenth, tbcre was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery bad been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with creat horror, they cried out to one another for help." They first of all tried the efficacy of prayeri to drive away the spirits ; but these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer; aul having craved forgiveness of all their tins, betook themselves to bed. That night they tlept in tolerable conifer, but it was merely a trick of their toroientortJ lull them into false security. When, on the succeeding liight, they lieani no noises, they began to flit Lev themselves that the spirit was driven out, and prepared to ta,e up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part beam the tignal for renewed uproar among the spirits. On the 1st Xovcmbcr they beard somethic; walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the withdrawing-room, and immediately afterwardsashowerof stones, bricks, mortar,»1 brokenglasspeltedabouttheirears. Onthcsr«« steps were again heard in the witborawin;-nOTi, sounding to their fancy very much like tt? treading of an enormous bear, which cintioM for about a quarter of an hour. -Tins having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrc«x violently upon the table, followed bj a namhs of stones and the jawbone of a liorse. Some c- the boldest walked valiantly into the withdwfing-room, armed with swords and pistols, t'Ccould discover nothing. They were afraid tb: night to go to bed, and sat up, making fire? cveiy room, and burning candlcs and lamp, 111 great abundance -, thinking that, as the s?'J® loved darkness, they would not disturb a ^ pauy surrounded with so much light. \rere deceived, however; buckets of water o® down the chimneys and extinguished the tre* and the candles were blown out, they Vnevr no. how. Some of the servants who had h:""' themselves to bed were drenched with 1'™ditch water as they lay, and arose m P® fright, exposing to the wondering eyes ol^ commissioners their linen all drippin? with p« moisture, and their knuckles red with theb.ots they had at the same time received from sb invisible tormentor. Vvhile they were speaking, there was a noise like the 1™"; thunder, or the firing of a whole pa:k rf lery. One of the commissioners a-ked 10 courageous voice, who was there and had done that they should be so trwb.ed. - answer was returned, and the noises ceased I'- ll' length, however, as the commission^ said, " the spirit came again, and broug" » it seven others worse than itself." Being a, in darkness, they lighted a caudle and pain a doorway, that it might throw a "S"'• the two chambers nt once ; but it was su blown out, and one commissioner said . "seen the similitude of a horse's hoot stw - the candle and candlestick into the n.><M«_ the chamber, and afterwards makiiu * scra.pcs.on the ennff to put it out. IP the same person was so bold as to <ira sword; but be asserted positively that W! hardly withdrawn it when an c >• seized hold of it and tugged ui.hhim!®and prevailing, struck him so » »i,h the pommel that he was quitejtunn^ Then the noises began again, iucy le vinced bv this time it was useless to J^t= any Longer with the powers thai ^ ^ mined to make W — their own. luppened'Oa Saturday nighM"" 1 . ®S°fe^the •on thT Sunday, they determined to place Kind return to tondon. ,. prtpira- By Tuesday morning early.all tteir v tious * e completed, and shaking the'fluirt^off ;, -r f,ct finally took their departure. to"Venrs elapsed before the true atu^of JSTdUturbanees was d.scov^^ ItlSras (at the Itestoration, that the whole J^X«rt ofGileSi>baTp,tiie tarty cUBci* . „„„,;«ioneis. This man was -a: concealed ^ T n T P o d his eafl, m&nW-i-; ;*o Tta worerTiok and comersbf ita „Ss'rap-doors and secret passages. SMie ^ J n e v e r s ^ ^ n s ^ ^ . (most reliance upon him; a confidence^wih- JT-bosed in the manner above detailed, to his im creat amusement and that of a few cavaliers jbom be let into the secret , 