REV. DR. MACGREGOR ON RESURRECTION. THE The fame of Dr. MacGregor, the minister of St. Cuthbert's Parish Church, Edinburgh, and delegate from the Established Church of Scotland to the Presbyterian Church of Australia, drew a large audience to the Town Hall on Sunday last. The doors were open at 6 o'clock, and soon after that hour the Hall was filled. We had not before seen Dr. MacGregor, and 'we had pictured to ourselves a large man with silvery hair, and venerable appearance. We •confess to having felt a sense of disappointment when we saw walk slowly and awkwardly on to the platform a little daTkman, whom few would pick from a crowd as ope possessing extraordinary gifts. Dr. MacGregor Appeared to be about sixty years of age. He is under fibe medium height, but appeared to possess a wiry, well knit frame. His hair is still dark, and his beard «hort and grizzled. His voice is clear and. powerful, and he had no difficulty in making himself heard in the Town Hall. Indeed, it was his louder tones that were the moat indistinct. As soon as the preacher •opened his lip3 to speak, it was evident that he is a man possessing great individuality and force of character. As soon as his text was announced, he produced an imposing looking manuscript, from which however, he frequently departed during the delivery of his sermon. His language was simple, forcible, and natural, but his action was the reverse of graceful. There was an utter absence of pretence throughout the whole sermon; no striving after effect. The preacher appeared to have lost himself in his theme, and he succeeded in holding the unbroken attention of his audience for €0 minutes, which did not seem to the listener more than half-aU-hour. HiB text was taken from Acts xvii. 18., and consisted of the words, 'Jesus and the Resurrection.' The preacher said ; the faith which the aposles earned across the world was distinctly based then, as ic is now, upon the resurrection of Christ from the dead. In considering the subject, two questions presented themselves— 1\. How did the belief in the resurrection arise ? and 2\. Believing it to be true, wherein lay its power ? In regard to the first point there was a preliminary question, viz., what was the thing which the apostles believed. The Resurrection was not merely a big wonder or a great miracle ; as such , alone it could never have become the foundation of a great religion, or the mightiest moral force in the world. It was not the resurrection of a man to the same kind of life as before. As we read it in the New Testament it was entirely different from any other event of the kind. It was the resurrection of the Christ to a new, a changed, a glorified existence, such as the world had never seen before or since. Its power lay in the fact that it lay outside the limits of ordinary human experience. After the Resurrection Christ was the same, yet not the same. His form was familiar, yet unfamiliar. The disciples could handle him, could thrust their hands into his wounds, could hear his voice. He ate and drank with them as before, and as before they could lay their heads on his breast, and yet from his first appearance to Mary, to his'ascension from Olivet, it was manifest that a new and mysterious change had come over him. He came into a room through closed doors and passed out again, the doois still being shut. The laws of nature no longer had control over him. Though on earth; • He was not of it. He was glorified. He was no longer subject to mortal conditions ; death no longer had dominion over . Him. There could be no comparison between such a :Resurrection and that of Lazarus for example, who lived and died again. The resurrection of Christ was unparalleled and unique. It stood also in intimate relation with other unparalleled events. It was but one stone in the great arch of Christianity. It was intimately related to the whole scheme of Christian doctrine, to the deepest needs of humanity, and to forces which have been at work from that day to this. To regard the resurrection therefore, merely as a miracle or a wonder, was a mistake. It must be viewed in its connection with all that went before, and all that came after. To find a parallel with it, you must find a parallel with the entire cycle of events, of which it was only one. To find a parallel with the resurrection of Christ, you must find a parallel with the Old Testament and the New, with the prophets of the one, and the apostles of the other, with the birth at Bethlehem, with the cross of Calvary, with the religious forces which it set in motion, and with the Christendon of 1900 years. He agreed with the saying of the Dean of Peterborough, that there was no historical event better attested than the resurrection of Christ. The second question was wherein lay the power of Christ's resurrection? The resurrection established Christ's claim to be the Son of God and the Saviour of the World. If Christ be not risen, He came and went under vthe ordinary conditions which govern humanity. If Hebe not risen, there was no incarnation, and no sacri fice for sins ; there was no forgiveness, no.union between •God and man, no revelation of the Father, no open heaven, no Christ sitting at the right hand of God. If 'Christ be not risen, all that was left to us was a beautiful character,marred by groundless pretensions. Apart from the resurrection of Christ we knew nothing of a future life, nothing of a new relation between God and man. M Christ be not risen, then the grave which holds the race holds him. If he did not rise from the dead, we have no right to believe that he knew more than other earnest souls. When he said ' God is love,' he was only a guesser like the rest of us. If Christ is not risen, there is no ' God with us,' the future is a mighty blank, and man with his spiritual nature, his iiopps and longings was a bungle, the greatest bangle in the universe. . ' ' Since Christ was risen, all was changed. All man's longings were satisfied. The world was supplied with an example of the inexorableness of Law, and the omnipottnue of Love. The resurrection, declared Christ to be the Son of God with power. It was the only ^pledge and guarantee that Christ's death as a sacrifice lor sin had been accepted by the Father. The Christian World was beginning to give up its mystical explanations about the atonement. It was enough to know that Christ died and rose again. There was a value in His death which nothing could exhaust. ThiB was all they needed. There had been too many explanations.' If they believed that they were sinners, and that'Chi ist died for them, that was sufficient. They were saved. Let them go forth and live the forgiven life. People were not satisfied to do this. They desired to have a finger-in the pie, and to add a'tittJe of •their own good deeds to the work of- Christ. If they •would bt saved they must comfe to Christ as they were. To -believe in the resurrection of "Christ by the porter of the Holy Ghost wps to believe all that was essential. There was one oentence in the Bible, the greatest which was ever written, whioh-could never foe repeated too often, viz.—' God so loved th& world- that He "gave Hi onl^' begotten son, that' whosoever bplieveth on Him «tu)uld.not perish, but- haveeverlasting life* .The juoarnfetibn, tesur^ktion ofChrist, formed the triple arch upon which'Christianity rested, the central fact being the death of Christ, which derived its value what preceded and followed it, The whole truth might be expressed in one sentence. Christ, being the eternal son of God, became man in order that he might die ,* He died that He might rise again from the dead, and win for man a new and perfect lite, and confer upon him a perfected manhood for evermore, When the incarnate son of God passed through human life and human death, and entered the resurrection life. The Divine purposes were fulfilled, death was vanquised, and eternal life was secured to man. It was the just appreciation of the sijgnificance of the incarnation, the death and resurrection of Christ, which led the early church to make Christmas, Good Fri lay and Easter what they should always and everywhere be, the three great festivals of the Christian year. Did it ever occur to them why so little waa said in the Scriptures about the Ascension. There was no need to say much. What else could the risen and glorified one do but go home, Forty days of earth in His new condition were quite enough. He went home again to make a home amongst the stars for us and our dear ones who are at rest, with Him till we and they shall be perfected in the day of resurrection. On entering heaven ChriBt took with Him the first and only spiritual body which are ever entered there. After a fine passage, depicting the welcome of Christ to heaven, Dr. Macgregor went on to say that the resurrection of Christ attested the resurrection of his people. It guaranteed the complete humanity of His people after death. It was a' visible example that death did not end man. He knew of no other. In the risen Christ they saw with their eyes that for man there was a life beyond the grave. This could be proved in no other way. There was no middle way between Christianity and agnosticism or infidelity. If the grave of ChriBt waB not empty, then no grave ever shall be empty. From Christ's grave came the answer to the old,ever repeated and passionate enquiry, ' If a man die, shall he live again 7* There was no other. ' I am the resurrection and the life,' etc. The disciples saw the self same Jesus, He left nothing in the grave. He was their beloved Master still. His features, form, and voice, were the same, He was the first fruits of them that slept. ' We shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is.' The resurrection proved the continuity of existence and bound heaven and earth together as but two mansions in the same Father's house. When we realized this, heaven became a solid and substantial reality, not filled with shades, but with living, breathing, men and women, and amongst them those whom we had known, aud loved, and lost. The future was a mystery, but we could hold on to Christ, and believe that what He is, we also shall be. What hope could those bold out who gave up Christ' or what could they put in His place. It was the last sermon he would probably ever preach in Australia, and he exhorted them if they would do the beBt they could for the great land which God in His providence had given them, they should keep near Christ, and keep their children near Him. The worst thing they could do was to forsake Him, or to allow their children to forsake Him. He prayed that God might bless them. Dr. MacGregor was assisted in the service by the Revs. Dr. Paton, J. Lyall, F. W, Main, J. H. Angas, and E. Rorke. A collection was made in aid of the Jubilee Fund. 