LOCAL AND GENERAL. TuE Carrington bacaar is still open each evening. Tl?E new King of Portugal haa been well received. THE ex-Empross of Brazil has died of gout of the heart. IN Brazil political offenders are* being tried by martial law. EMOx PAsocA has suffered a relapse, and is bleeding at the ears. 'rTu Indian National Congress has com menced its sittings in Bombay. Mu. H. M. STANLEY will sail from .Zanzi bar for Egypt on the 15th prox. T?E death is announced of Count Tarolyi, the celebrated Italian statesman. A MAN named John Smith died at Single ton on Thursday from heat apoplexy. Foin British warships have been ordered from Malta to rendervous near Lisbon. • Tue Western miners have decided to hold a demonstration on the 8th of February next. Mens. GENERAL Eoorn, the wife of the leader of the Salvation Army, is .reported to be dying. E?rux PAsIcA is raridly recovering, and is expected to sail for England at the end of next month. A v'vi" destructive earthquake has oc curred in the island of Sicily. A number of lives were lost. Tuse Manly steamer Narrabean ran down one of the boats belonging :to H.M.S. Or lando on Friday. STocuroc on Saturday presented a very lively appearance. It looked as if a general election were on. THuRE is now no 'hope of 'raising the barque Waverley, which recently sank off Percy Island (Q.). Tics Parsees and the Mahommedans have declined to be represented at'the next Indian National Conference. Tue Marine Board will hold an inquiry into the stranding of the steamer Norkoowa at Wreck Bay to-day. TuE influenza epidemic is now prevalent in London, and has affected many postmen in the western district. EVERYOIODY is going eithor to New Zea. land or Tasmania. A big party is being made up in Newcastle. TuE harbour is getting a much more healthy appearance, the .recent arrivals of shipping having been numerous. THE people of Stockton are generally'sup posed to have made, on the whole, a very fair choice of aldermen. RzI?uAn ROanEs and Kenry Brown died at Broken Hill last week from the effects of injuries recently received. Tue s.s. Carthage left Melbourne on Satur. day with a full complement of passengers and specie valued at £5000. T. SPEoCER asd Mr. R. A. Watson think that the only man .entitled to the sculling championship is Peter Kemp. IT is said that the people of Afgh.nistan, instigated by Russia, are on the pomnt of ro bellion against British influence. Tue Powers have offered their oflides in offecting a settlement of the difliculty which exists between England and Portugal. 2 sfu. F. 0. Liux estimates that the 'European beet crop of the post season will givi a surplus of 681,000 tons of sugar. Ix is said that the British consul in South east Africa is annexing territory on theshores of lake Tanganyika on behalf of Great Bri tain. STue Russian army is badly affected by the influenza, and fully 20 per cent. of the total enrolment are in one stage or another of the illness. Ix is expected that both England and Por tugal will arrive at some agreement delimit lug their respective territories in South-east Africa. Ma. T. SPeNoeR looks upon Stanebury as the pick of the bunch of Australian scullees, and O'Connor as the pick of the American oarsmen. Tou. Patriotic Insurance Company has taken over the business of the Fedqral Fire Insurance Company except its Australian liabilities. • AN extensive strike of colliers has taken place at Uharloroi, in Belgium. Ten thousand men are out, and the strike is spreading. CAPTAIN O'SueA, of "Kilmainham treaty" fame, has filed a petition for divorce against his wife, Mr. Parnell being co-re spondent. THe Central Queensland Meat and Export Co. intends to establish an agency at Bar caldine, the present inland terminus of the central railway. Tue polling for the Stockton municipal election took place on Saturday afternoon. The official declaration will be made at 10 o'clock this morning. Ax a meeting of the Trades and Labour Council in Sydney the employment of non union men on the Newcastle wharves formed the subject of discussion. Artono the names on the list of Univer sity passes, first year in the Faculty of Arts, is A. Halloran, son of the head master of Carrington Public School. Tumi Eastern Extension Telegraph Com pany have issued an order for the manufac ture of the duplicate cable to be laid between Now Zealand and Sydney. fun Blueskin (Otago, N.Z) Goldmining Company is to be re-formed, and the old di rectors intend to proceed against Mr. Hums Webster for his guarantee. WirAT looks like a terrible murder has occurred at Downfall Creek, near Brisbime. The assaflant was Henry Welle, and his victim's name was O'Halloran. M t. W. E. GLAasTooE celebrated his 80th birthday yesterday, when he received a congratulatory address from the Legislative Assembly of New douth Wales. ON Boxing Day a sailing boat containing five young men was capsized between Ball's Head and Balmain, Sydney. They were resoued in an exhausted condition. THn jury in the inquest on John Wilson, who died in the hospital on Friday, returned a verdlet of death from injuries received while under the influence of liquor. MA'oct "GU& PINTO, the Portuguese leader, says that the English are not to be believed, and that he is a poor innocent, whose character is being taken away. A acuNicirAn sanitary inspector of Bris bane was arrested on a charge of obscene language on the verandah of a disorderly house at 3 o'clock on Saturday morning. CONsIDcRAnr, s interest is being taken in the approaching Indian National Congress, especially as the Parsees and the Mahomedans have distinctly declined to be represented. TaE medical officer of the Board of Health has recently reported very unfavourabiy on the insanitary conditions of the Chinese gardens in the vicinity of Rushcutters' Bay. Tat official in puiry into the recent railway accident at Goulburn resulted in a report that the accident was due too defective rail, end that no blame was attachable to anyone. TnE Right Bon. W. E. Gladstone and Mr. James A. Froude, the historian,'havo written to Sir Ueury Parkes, the New South Wales Premier, on the Western Australian ques then. THE Stockton Municipal Council is to con sist of Aldermen P. Callen, J. H. O'Mara. R. Thomas, J. Beveridg-, T. Stratten, H1. J. Bonnefin, C. Chatfield, T. tlriffiths, and C. Bruce. MacssS J. J. M'MENE?tY, P.G. Master, James Newton, Grand Master, and Henry H. Green, Grand Secretary of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, are meeting lodges in this district. THc British Government will revert to the treaty of 1818, unless the United States Senate proposes some satisfactory settlement of the fisheries difliculty with Canada before thq end of February. WILLIAMt RonNsoN, the man who at tempted to murder his wife and commit suicide, took a change for the worse yester. day, and is now lying in the hospital in a very critical condition. RICcAnR RODGERS, a miner, succumbed to injuries received by a fall of earth at British Blocks, Broken gill. Henry Brown, who fe.l from some seaffoldieg a few days since, has also orpired. Tihe smelters and employees in smelting works are attempting to form a union, and have called a meetiug for that purpose to be held on Saturday evening next, at Young's Hall, 'lighe's Hill, at 7.30. As the crane which had been used iin con nection with the accident to the mail train at Goulburn was being conveyed back it struck an overhead brides, with the resultth-t both bridge and crane-were damaged. A CHILD named O'Gorman, nine years old, whose parents reside at Albion Park, Kiama, is said to have died from the effects of a fright produced at a game, in which the re- presentation of a ghost appeared. THE Shaw Savill and Albion Company's steamer Coptic, which sailed from Welling. ton on September 19, but was delayed at Rio do Janeiro for 18 days, effecting repairs in consequence of grounding on a rock, ar rived at Plymouth on November 20. Tae brass band contest will commence on the Cricket Ground to-morrow evening, and as there will be altogether six bands compet. ing the music will be exceedingly good. Tche grounds will be lighted by electricity and the arrangements are in capable hands. TaE quantity of Australian wines imported into Great Britain during the 10 months of the present year ended October 31 amounts to 280,812 gallons. This shuws a satisfoc tory increase, being 78,811 gallons over the quantity imported during the same period of 1888. TaE suit for divorce brought by Captain O'dhea against his wife, and in which Mr. Parnell, the Irish leader, figores as co-rs. spondent, is regarded to be a case of much public as well as private interest. The his. tory of the Kilmainham treaty has yet to be written. Tuoun is a movement afoot by a number of the inhabitants of Hunterestreet East, praying that the tramway be extended up to their end of the town. If thia be granted the sound of the tram motors will be stilUanother addition to the many noises of the town al ready sufficiently loud and nerve shaking. PIOPrLE. are complaining loudly of the " row " made in Newcastle when a fire is observed, especially at night. Three guns are fired, the firebells sound an alarm, the hose and reel bells jingle-and all about what ? The firing of a bundle of rags, or of a small yacht; yet twenty thousand people, more or less, are kept awake until a few buckets of water have extinguished the by no means, extentive fire. The Honeycuckle [eople, in particular, complain of the loud clamour of the beli at the fire-station, which is ocea sionally rung long after the necessity for doing so-the calling of the fireman-has passed away. GRO?nnGIsS, clothing, etc., will' be, sold by. Messrs. Grahamo and Donnelly at their rooms to day. ". ' THIs morning, at' 25 Pitt.atreet, Messrs. ,T. O. Bonarius and Son will sell Mr. W. Dart's superior household furniture, together' with a quantity of building material and the goodwill' of his undertaking and general, business. 