My Little Meiffhbour» A stormy June day. How steadily the vain foil and how tho wind moaned, Bat ' a»y one looking into que cheerful sitiing room must have forgotten the state of the weather, foe a bright five snapped and oraokled in the grate, and Olaire Wilson waa seated on the hearth-rug just at my feet with a#gray kitten in her arms. 'Olairo'a happy face made sunshine all I about. Her doll was sleeping upon my knee I while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Misa Miriam Yellowtresa ; quite a long name for a rather small doll: it took Olairo three days to think of it. You bog Misa Miriam Yellowtresa had been invited to a dolls' party, and so Olaire, my little next door neighbor, had some in to talk it all over with me. And she shall wear her blue silk dress with the blue sash egain," announced Claire, smoothing her doll's eurla tenderly. " She ought to have auother party dress," I said. " How would pink silk do?" " Beautiful! It would juat suit her cheeks, Miss May," oried Olaire. " Well, she shall have one of that oolour, then, and I'll make it for her." I ran away for the material, whioh Olaire pronounced " iusfc lovely." "It'a a pieoo of one oi my danoing-soliGol dressee-I wore it whoa I wa8 not muoh bigger than you are, Olaire," I said. w And now dolly must bo measured." And bo ehe was, and tlio dress oooa fairly started pro gressed rapidly. Miss Miriam Yollowtreaa dozed before the fire, Glaii'o bugged her kitten upon the hearth-rug and chatted blithely to me as I rocked and hemmed find at length finished the eimple trained skirt, Then the tiny waiat waa commenced, and Olaire, growing restless, oommenoed danoing about the room and tinging, or paused to lean against tay chair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my oheelr, " Shall I road yon a story, Misfl May 1" aaked Olaire. '«Yea, pot, do," I eaid. So she ohoso a book frtim the contra table and ourled herself up on the rag at my feet again. How Olaire is aix years old, and oau read very well if oho takes time to puzzle the long words out. This t|me she never seemed to notioe whether tho words wero long or short. The title oi the book she held was "Longfellow's Poema," and thia is Olaire'e story; " Once there was ft little girl who wont to school ever^ day, almost, , but once in a while, when it stormed, her mamma would give her a holiday, 8ho almost always spent the holiday with a younr^lady who lived next door to her. Olaire-i mean the little girl-loved thia young lady, oh, very, very much 1" Here Claire oaught my hand and gave it ft warm squeeze. " A IOVQIV bird sang all day long in the window of Miss May's eitting-rooia, and gold-fish swam forever in a glob0 flowers looked so psetty that grev? in a long box in the window. Onco I oanied ft bunch home that Mias May had given me, and they were so sweet every one wanted to know where thoy oaoia from, and I told them, and Uncle Wilbur took one and gave me a large orange for it." " Nov/, Claire," I oried, " you are jaafc making all that up 1" " No, it's all hue-it's a true story," oaid Glairo, earnestly ; then aha aaid, "There's a nioe kitty at Miaa May's; it will oorna to me whon I call it-it haan't any name but kitty. I think it ought to have ft nam© be* sidea that." " You oan give it ono now, it you want to," I said. "Oh, oau I?" oried Olairo, eo joyously that any one might huvo faooiod I had juut mado hor a present of five pounda. " Well, would Minnie do for a name? No it would take too long to oall-something Bhor>. Lot mo aeo. Fan-I don't 'ssaatly lika that-oh, 1 know I IiJt'a call hor Pinky. Pinky, dear, ounning Pinky, look up 1" To Ohiie'a delight, tho kitten raised her liitlo gray head and looked up, " She lilcea her name; ahe almost laughed, she'a so pleased !" oried Olaro, excitedly, . Then, after petting puaa a few moments, Bhe picked up her book and went on with her story: - .' Miaa May and 1 go to tho Eatno ohuroh; Bha tcaoheii mo in the Sunday school', thero are (our other girls in tho qIuqa and ei>,ch ona wanta to Bit by Riieo May, po wa have to tako turna at it. Ohrintmaa Miaa May gavo ma a moat beautiful book with a green and gold oover, and a piotuvo with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in bia arms. I read the book fJuudaya, Then ouo day when 1 WAB up in Miea May's room, aha opened a drawer in her dcuk and nave mo a lovely gold i.eaoil. I often wear it around my neck by a libboa. Uncle Wilbur has a splendid horso that ho oalla Sultan; sometimes he takea me out ior a drive on hi^ tall oart-ha often takes Mi3a May out, My doll ia going to a grand party nest week; aha will wear a pink silk droea, and hor first train- it|a going to look beautiful, and after the party I'm going to tell Miaa May all about it. Misa May is making the dreaa; alio ia sitting near mo, and her cheeks aro aa rod ft8 roaep. I think aho aita too near tho fire, foK hes cheeks aro hardly cvor so red." " It ia wjrm," murmueed Miss May. "Next Bummer wo aro going to have a cottego by tho ee&ahora;, I shall dig with olam-bhella in the Earnl every clay and build forta. Alisa May isn't sowing now ahe'o rooking hevsaU to and fro, and bo I'll stop reading." Then Olauo and I prooeedad to array Miaa Miriaru in tho party dreai that I had just completed ; it set off her blondo loveliueaato perfeotion, and eho looked co fauciuat'Bg that we felt compelled to kits her for being so pretty, lndeod, Olaira was so pleaaed thut h'au dapped he? haudu with delight, mtd then pruncod all around the >:oom, linully epiiugin^ into my arma and nearly omothering me with kissca, Then Miss Yullowtresa wft3 taken into tho nest room to mamma. I could hear Cipro's eager voioa explaining and admiring it all, and mammu'o comments; and then back the little girl oamo fluttering to my eide like ft bird. Miriam Yellowtroaa way laid upon tho tablp, and then, without HO much &a; "by your leave," Olaira sprang into my arms and dropped her goldon head upon my shoulder. " Now it'a my turn; Miaa Miriam Yellow trcBB haa had you for ft long time. Tell mo a utory, Mi&oMuy;, please," So I' told her about the day that kitty was brought to my door in a little basket-a pre. pent from a oousin of mine who waa going South for tho winter. I told her how atrango kitty fult at first, and mewed and mewed, and oven aaratched mo when I took her up in my armuand tried to comfort her, But ..kitty and I wore now the beat of friend?, and aha h&d; forgotten to feel lonely. Then wo went to the window and looked out at tho rain. It dashed against the win dow-pane, and tho wind shook tho treeB until they swavod and bent before the blaat, an though trembling and afraid of ita fury. Tha eky waq lowering ; some of the clouds were of an inky blackueua. We sat thera until twilight oamo on, and still if rained. '' Don't you (eel awfully lonely, Mias May?" said Claire. " I do. I like to feel 00 soma* timea," .' What ft funny ohild you are I" I tiaid, "How oftn you like to feol lonsly, pet?" " Woll, solemn, then. Do tell me a ghost story pieces." "Not I, tiweetlioait, Besides, X don't know one to tell, na I neve* read them, TftUo my nrtyioo, Ct.WG-never listen to ^hqa® Etories } yon may laugh at them in broad dayli&ht;, but when you ftwalo fvt night they | will ueem very diftmiu."' v A qI wind aHok cswwwt i bai* was mingled with the rain. Then mamma entered the room and esolalmed: " Why, how dismal yoa both look Bitting these in the dark with you arms aroand eaoh other like the babes in feho wood." The oheery voioe broke the spell; we left tho storm to take care o! itself, I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blaaod up cheer fnlly, drew the orimaon curtains together, and all in a moment our dusky room was tranaforroed. How delioioualy ooay and comfortable it Beamed I Claire and I had a merry time-a gay, good time-until some one came to take my little friend away from me. And the dolls' party ? Oh, it was a grand saoeesa, and, beat of all, Miss Yellowtrese wao the belle of the ball, 