The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1889. THE West of England has been visited by a disastrous flood, which has swept away bridges and destroyed railway lines. THE weavers at Armentieres who struck work and attached the factories have resumed their occupation. TO enable the Comptoir de Escompte in Paris to meet the run made upon it the Bank of France ad- vanced the concern £4,000,000. The Comptoir was heavily involved in the copper syndicate. THE Wastwater, a new steamer, being built for Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., has been launched at Hartlepool. According to the latest news, H.M.S. Sultan, which wont ashore on the cast coaBt of Sardinia, had not sustainod any material damage. She, however, yvas still aground. Russia has obtained in Paris and Berlin a con- version loan of £28,000,000. By order of the Czar, a searching investigation is to be made into the circumstances of the Cossack colonising expedition to the Bed Sea littoral, and the subsequent bombardment by the French of Saggallo, the place where the Cossacks located, and which, they refused to quit. The reported engagement at Samoa between the Gsrman warship Olga aud an American man-of war is regal dod as a pure canard. Eabl Spencer says that Mr. Gladstone will at the right time be preparad to re- submit his Irish policy on the ba«is ot his old principles, but in an improved form, giving to Ireland the right to govern herself. Tns difficulty experienced in obtaining steel has delayed tho progress of the contracts for the con- struction of the vessels intended for the Australian squadron. The judgments of the Supreme Court of Viotoria in the case of the Bank of Now South Wales v. O'Connor have been reversed on an appeal by the Privy Couocil. In the case of Harding v. Hovell, the appeal Avas dismissed with oosts. The ship Sir Walter Raleigh, whioh went ashoro on the French coast, will bo sold by auction. The '{Statist " asserts that the Melbourne banks have utilised their resources to encourage wild speculation, and that they are now compoUad to severely curb their operations. The council of the Imperial Institute will giv« a grand inaugural dinner on Wednesday ander th» presidenoy of ER,H. tho Trinoo of Wales. ' I The proposal to expend £21,500,000 in increas- ing the eincienoy of the British navy will be sup- ported by tho Unionists. Lord Randolph Churchill threatens to oppose tho proposal. GENERAL BOULANGER called upon the Prince of Wales on the occasion of the latter's recent visit to Paris. H.M.S. NYMPH has been commissioned for the Australian service, and will leave for this station after the approaching naval manœuvres off the English coast. The aliaros of tho Comptoir d'Escompte Bank have fallon to £14, and the Bhares of the copper syndicate and Rio Tinto havo fallen heavily. TnE Fronoh Cabinot has rescinded tho decreo exiling the Due d'Aumale from Franco. The English wheat market is lifeless, the conti- nental markets aro inactivo, and the American market is showing a general decline TnE directors of tho Quaylo Gold-mining Com- pany proposo to wind up tho concern. Copper has fallon to £55 per ton, and it is an- ticipated that the price will be further reduced. At tho nost Antworp wool sales 11,000 bales will bo ofiored, including 1100 balos of Australian wool. The Maori team of footballers has dofoatod a Witlnes toom by two goals and two trios to a try. ' v On th« completion of the Hawkesbury Bridge tho pastoralists of tho Muswellbrook district intend slaughtering cattlo and sending the cateases to Sydney. TnE non-construction of truoking yards at Car- coar is causing inconvenience to the local stock owners. Eight jockeys attired in racing costume and colours acted as pall-bearers at the intermont of the remains of their ill-fated comrade, Tiorney, at Orange on Saturday. THE miners' demonstration which was held in Newcastle on Saturday was a success, although the attendance was not so numerous as on the occasions of previous demonstrations. THE R.M.S. Ormuz reached Albany yesterday, the Bishop of Adelaide being among the passengers. At Cobar, four mon havo beon committed for trial on charges of personation at the recent general election. , THE committee of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund has decided that, as there is little likelihood of any bill being passed to deal with the fund, the secretary be authorised to pay the following bonuses :—33 widows, £85 each; 12 dependents, £30 each; 132 children, £10 each, making a total of £4435, the widows and dependents who have received lump sums to share in the bonuses. TWENTY shops and dwelling-houses, besides a large quantity of stock and furniture, have been destroyed by fire at Cambridge, Waikato, New Zealand. TnE City Hoalth Officer, in his quarterly report to the City Council, returns tho mortality among children under 10 years old at 54453 per cent of tho yvhole. At the inquest on the remains of a boy named Sydney Stono, aged 9 years, who was drowned at Waterloo, it was stated that a big boy throw a bottle into the watorholo where Stono was bathing and told him to dive for it. Tho little fellow did so, and lost his life. The Customs revenue collected in Now Zealand during January amounted to £127,212. The total for the 11 months of the financial year is £1,334,929, as against an estimate of £1,382,500, the deficiency being £47,571. The R.M.S. Austral, which loft on Saturday for London, took a consignment of gold valued at £50,000. In the cricket match M.C.C. v. South Melbourne which is for the Melbourne Challenge Cup, the South Melbourne team scored 488 in their first innings, to which total Trott osntributed 216. A sab fatality is reported from Creswick, Vio toria. A young woman, the stepdaughter of a miner named South, after having saved thvoe children from a burning building, attempted to rcsouo another child, but, becoming insensible perished with tho little one. The late Crown Prince of Austria had a peculiar fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and then became haunted with tho fear that he might go mad, like Louis II. of Bavaria. The question of the renewal of the Pacific Mail Service which hns heen brought under the notice of the Chamber of Commerce is one deserving of careful consideration-not to be met by pro- crastination, and not to be rushed at in a hurry. The Americana, as well as the New Zealanders, owe the first establishment of this service to New South Wales, and we, in one sense, owed the initial impulse to Victoria. It waa when that colony broke up tho Australian concert by suddenly jumping the Suez claim. and making all the other colonies dependent on it. and tributary to it, for their mail service, that New South Wales struck out an inde- pendent course for itself. The alternative was either to have a duplicate service by the Suez route, or to complete the Bteam circuit of the globe by a trans-Pacific service ; and, in the in- terest of Austrulia and America, it very wisely chose the latter. Our Govern- ment offered to carry letters for all the colonies by this route for the standard price of sixpence the half- ounce, and by so doing fixed the same price by the other routes. Since that time mattera have greatly changed. The Australian concert ia so far renewed that four of the colonies now unite with the mother-country in supporting a weekly mail by the Suez route, Avhile Queensland, princi dally in the interest of its Northern settle- ment, subsidises a service by way of Torres Straits. Por purely postal pur- poses the American route has never been equal in value to that by Suez, and it is to New Zealand, the easternmost of all the colonies, that its advantages in this respect have boen the greatest. It is on NeAV Zealand, therefore, that of late the burden of sustaining it has principally rested, New South Wales, the original creator of the line, having dropped into the subordinate position of contributor. Having, therefore, a weekly mull ser vice conducted in a satisf actory manner by the Suez route, the Pacific line is to the continent of Australia mainly valu- able for commercial purposes, and it is only in connection with our com- merce with America that the postal business is important. We have not as yet subsidised any line for merely com- mercial purposes, but it doea not folloAv from that that Ave should not do so. France and Germany are doing it to a large extent, for neither country Avanted an improved postal communication with Australia. It is a fair question for the Chamber of Commerce, and for the Government to consider whether the development of commerce is worth pay- ing for ; that is to say whether it is worth while to pay to promote steam com- munication by sea just as we pay for it on land by making railways. Thare is one point, however, in coanec tion with the postal business which has been strongly urged, and which must not bo left out of consideration, and that is that in the possible event of a war a duplicate line carried on under another flag would be of tho greatest service. Except in tho almost impossible event of the blockade of our coast, American ships would have free right of ingress and egress, and the mails could not be tampered with, and therefore, even supposing that hostile cruisers had the command of the sea, and were ready to seize our own mail ships, they would bo forced to respect those sailing under the stars and stripes. But this consideration, of course, raises the question whether avo should keep up a costly service simply as a precaution in case of Avar, und whether it would not bo sufficient simply to improviso such a service by a tcmptiug bounty if it yvere newded. If avo spend money as a precaution in case of av ar it really becomes part of our military ? expenditure. In this connection, too, we must take notp of the fact that Ave are at this moment in negotiation with our Cana- dian fellow-colonists as to the common Bupport of a sub-marine telegraph from Australia to British Columbia ; and to the support, also, of a line of trans-Pacific steamships, which should have their ter- minus in some port in that colony. Under these circumstances it would seem respect- ful to our Canadian brethren not to enter into any fresh negotiations behind their backs, especially as we have asked them to hold the proposed conference in Australia instead of Canada. The existing con- tract with the Oceanic Company expires in November next, and something ought to be done well in advance of that time, but it does not follow that that something Bhould be the negotiation of a new contract for a term of years. The present contract has already been extended once, and could probably, without difficulty, be extended for another year, so as to give full time for a careful consideration of all that our Canadian friends have to urge ; nnd it Avould not bo amiss for our new I Postmastkh-Gknkral to communicate with New Zealand at once with reference to the temporary renewal of the existing service. And when the discussion with Canada comes on our representatives at the Con ferenoe Avili have to deal frankly with the respective arguments in favour of making San Francisco or Vancouver Island our terminal point in the North Pacific. Wo are under very natural temptations to connect rather with our felloAv-colonists than with foreigners, who, under conceiv- able conditions, might become our enemies. But then we have ulso to look at the pro- babilities. The statesmen of England and of America would have to bo very mad before they precipitated the two nations into a war, and it is far more likely that England ni a j- get embroiled with Continen- tal nations than with the United States. In any Avar except Avith America a ter- minal point at Sau Francisco would be much safer for us than one at Vancouver, and in a war Avith America neither a steam line nor a cable line could be con- sidered secure from interruption. On the other hand, Ave must not forget that the proposed line to California is to be half at the expense of America, aud that, in con- sideration of such a new and unacoustomcd payment, our cousins stipulate that the service shall be under the American flag, which means that,it shall be by Americun built vessels, which in turn means that we shall be contributory to American protec- tion-to its ihip- bupding industry-which would not be altogether agreeable to our feelings. The colony of Victoria is about to do what we have just done, namely, submit the public policy and the merits of the Ministry to the opinion of the people at large. Under any circumstances it is of interest to us to watch how affairs go across the border, for the people there are not only our neighbours, they are our friends and fellow-countrymen, and though independent of us in respect of legislation, are inseparably identified with us in pre- sent interests and in future destiny. But at the present time the political decisions of Victoria on the matters sub- mitted to it are of unusual importance, both to that colony individually and to us as its neighbour, and also to the cause of Australian unity. Ideas and interests are iu Victoria to Borne extent in conflict, or perhaps it would be more correct to say different interests are in conflict, and the question of the hour is, which Bhall predominate ? A coalition Government has for some years been in existence in Victoria, first under Mr. Service and Sir Graham Berry as the representative men on each side, and then, on their retirement, it was con- tinued under Mr. Gillies and Mr. Deakin. It is the fate generally of coalitions to break up from internal discord, Political enemies meet together under the pressure of external circumstances and consent to act together within a limited circle ; but the remembrance of old oppo- sition and the tendency to divergence of opinion generally put a coalition to a strain, until the strain reaches the breaking point. But it cannot be said that in Victoria the coalition shows signs of breaking up from internal causes. If there is any Cabinet discord it is not apparent on the surface, and the leaders on each side declare that their colleagues of the other party have worked loyally with them. This unity has been helped by the completeness and long con- tinuance of the protectionist triumph. If the free-trade party had a chance of a victory the coalition Avould burst up directly. But its leaders regretfully admit that such a victory is impossible. They themselves are stanch to their old creed, but they see that vested interests have grown up to such un amount and of such strength, that the policy of the country is I now in hopele-s bondage to them. The voting power of the A'ested interests is so large, and the cupital and labour involved in the piotected investments are so con- siderable, that no free-trade Minister would like to interfere with them. Victoria, therefore, is not free to roconnider the fiscal question. On that point it has surrendered its liberty^ This, however, ia not the whole of the question. The status quo must be so far preserved that there is no going Sack ; but then one wing of the protectionist party it j fretting to go further forward, and that ia spite of the proof noyv offered that1 retrogression is always extremely difficult, The protectionists have had their way for twenty years in Victoria, but they are now a party divided among themselves. They dwell in two camps-the manufacturers' camp and the agriculturists' camp. The protection to manufactures ia still as valid in all íespects as it ever was, except bo far as the diminution in the cost of freight and the diminution in the cost of produc- tion in Europe and America, make the com- petition severer than it was twenty years ago. There is not a manufacturer in Vic toria who would not like, if he could get^ it, to have the duties raised a little more. The agriculturists are not in so favourable a position. They have produced Avheat beyond the local require- ment, and the duty no longer helps them although they press not only for ita con tiuuanco but its increase, while all the tools they use and the clothes they Avear are taxed to help the manufacturers. There is, however one respect in which they can still be helped, because they do not yet supply the local meat market, and a further tax on stock would keep them from the com- petition of the New South Walea and Queensland graziers. This they are pressing for very hard, and are using the argument of theoretical consistency very strongly. The Government would give way were it not for one consideration, nd that is the cause of federation. If ictorian isolation were the true policy for the future, as it has been the chosen policy of the past, then the course Avould be compnratiA'ely simple. The Victorian grazier has in theory as much right to a protected market as the Victorian bootmaker. But then, in a federated Australia, the Victorian boot maker would have a wider market for his wares, while the Victorian grazier Avould not. To the former federation is not merely an idea, but it means expanded business and larger profits, and that makes it a peculiarly consecrated idea. To the latter it means severer competition and less profit, and that makes it a foolish. theory and a suicidal policy. Are the farmers in Victoria strong enough to carry their point or embarrass the Ministry? Mr. Deakin, who is the Cabinet leader on the protectionist side, has done everything that eloquence can do to pacify them. He has coaxed them, pleaded with them, and entreated them not to push their demand for more border duties, on the ground that by so doing they will block that coming federation Avhich on the whole is in the interest of Victoria. Everything else except border duties he ia willing to give. He Avili give more rail- ways, lighter freights, irrigation expendi- ture, more municipal endowment, and bonuses on new industries, if only they will surrender the demand for increased taxes on produce. In other words, we havo the curious spectacle of a protectionist leader . pleading with tho farmers not to press the theory of protec- tion in their own oase, but to take some form of State bounty instead. Mr. Gillies, who is the Premier, and the head of the other section, in the Cabinet, is to address the electors to- night, and it will be very interesting to note how far his tone and sentiment harmonise with those of Mr. Deakin, or show variation. We are glad to see that Sir Saul Samuel has denied having stated that the next New South Wales Government loan ought to be placed on the market at three per cent. The Agent General is aware of what has been said on this side of the world in re- spect of the results of the first 8} per cent. loanB, and we should be surprised if ho were caught accepting any responsibility in connection with a further reduction of the interest rate to 8 per cent. When the unfortunate results Avere disclosed of tha policy which Mr. Dibbs initiated, cer- tain attempts were made in tha interest of Government by a British financial journal to show that it had been a good thing for the colony. It was naively remarked by the critio employed that the 8£ per cents, had ehowa more elasticity than the 4 per cents., and that ' the increase in value had been greater in the former than in the latter stock. But that argument proved too much. It simply showed that in getting £92 for 8J per cents, the colony got from £2 to £4 less than would have been obtained for a 4 per cent, issue. And Avhen the 8¿ per cents, rose to the value of the 4 per cents., not over it, exhibiting this "marvellous elasticity," tho whole amount was scooped into the pockets of the buying syndicates on their re- sale of the stock. The brokers got the oyster; the colony got the shell-the empty honour of being the first Aus- tralian colony to float a 3J per cent, loan. We ore not surprised that it should be thought in certain quarters that it would bo a good thing to float the next loan at 3 per cent. Again, it is to bo feared that Ave should get a smaller price. The market price of the loan would exhibit this remarkable elasticity, with the consequent scooping up of prouts br- others at the expense of the colony. -The Victorian Government Aviscly abstained from borrowing at 8 per cent., as udvised by some authorities, and we are glad to see that Sir Saul Samuel ' backs out of any re- sponsibility for such a chunge in regard to our next loan, for we suppose another loan is inevitable, sooner or later. The early d* per cent, policy really never helped the colonies one whit, for investors are still giving the holders of Victorian securities more for 4 per cents, than they are giving our creditors for U per cents. ; but if it had, there was no reason why jNew South Wales should have borne all the expense of it. And certainly there is even less reason why she should add to her pre- vious losses of hundreds of thousands ol pounds by repeating the disastrous experi- ment for improving the credit of the colonies by the issue of stock at 3 per cent. _ We have~now definite information as to the contemplated increase in the Bri tub navy. The Lords of the Admiralty, according to a statement made »the House of-Commons by Lord Georgs ji-CLTOJí, ask for authority to build and equip 70 new warships, at a cost of £21,500,000, the whole to bo completed in five years. Of these vessels only ten will be great battle ships ; the larger number Avili consist of cruisers and torpedo gunboats. If these proposals aro carried out tho navy Avili be immensely strengthened, aud unless cor- responding exertions are made elsewhere, England Avili be more than a match on the water for any twoof the Continental Powers. The aggressive and defensivo force repre- sented by the proposed new vessels Avili be something enormous. The largest iron clnds now employed in tho English navy are under 12,000 tons. Tho displacement of the Inflexible, which wrought such ter- rible destruction with her 80-ton guns at the bombardment of Alexandria, is 11,880 tons and that of the Trafalgar and the Nile, two vessels recontly completed, is 11,940 tons ; while that of the Sans Pareil and the Renown, which were built at the same time as the Trafalgar and the Nile, does not excoed 10,400 tons. Eight of the vessels which the Admiralty noAV proposos to construct Avili have a displacement of 14,000 tons, and as they will doubtless be armod and armoured in proportion to their size, they Avili be powerful both for offence and defence. The Sans Pnreil and Kenown carry the largest guns yet manufactured for the British navy (111 tons), and it may be assumed that the neAV vessels will not be furnished with inferior weapons. Possibly by the time they aro built a still bigger ¡run may bo brought into use. In any case, tho construction of ten great iron- clads will place the English naA'yin a very commanding position. The cruisers and torpedo boats have also to be taken into account. The former are intended for the protection of commerce and the coaling stations of the Empire, while the latter will probably bo employed in the defence of the home ports. What view the House of Commons will take of the large expenditure which additions to the navy on such a scale will involve remains to be seen. Rather more than half the required sum is to bo proA'ided for in the annual navy votes, while £10,000,000 (rill have to comefrom fresh taxation,spread over seven years. There is nothing in this scheme to alarm the English taxpayers, while tho condition of affairs on the Con- tinent makes it desirable that England should strengthen her position. If there should ho any immediate prospect of a European war, Lord Geoiige Hamilton's naval scheme Avould not meet with much opposition either in Parlia- ment or in the country. And if the scheme should be carried out, there can be no doubt that England's influence in European affairs would be tendered more potent. As a military Power England cannot compete with the Conti- nental nations, but if her naval supremacy, which has become a matter of debate, ia placed beyond doubt, she will count for a great deal in Europe. Tee Premier and most of the new Ministers rae at their offices on Saturday. Sir Henry assumed control of tho Colonial Secretary's De- partment for the Bixth time. He has now held the office in the aggregate 11 years 9 months and 21 days. Of that timo he was Oolonial Secretary 2 jean 7 months and 26 days in the administration in which Sir James Martin was Premier. For the remaining period-9 years 1 month and 26 days ho was both Premior and Colonial Secretary-a far longer time than any statesman in the Australian colonies has filled these high offices. Mr. Dibbs las held the position of Premier twice ; his first Ministry lasted 75 days, and his second, the ono which lias just resigned, 50 days. His resignation on both occasions was the result of an appeal to the people. A special supplement of the Government Gazette »as pubiisbed on Saturdav, giving particulars of tie writs for the Ministerial re-elections. It is understood that several of tbo Ministers will be opposed when they go before their constituents. The Opposition have not yet taken any definite action ia the matter, but a meeting will be held in Ike combo of the next few days to consider the situation. Mr. Gould will probably be opposed at Patrick's Plains by Mr. W. C. Browne, and Mr. O'Connor's seat at "West Sydney will bo contosted y one of the defeated candidates at tho general election. Opposition to some of the other Minis- tère is also spoken of. The Colonial Treasurer, Mr. M'Millan, made a thorough investigation of tho Treasury accounts on T>rday, and he has satisfied himself that the deficit ia virtually what it was in 1880. A cable pan, to remove the erroneous impression which 'J'' Garvan's statements regarding the amount of tbe deficit may have given rise to in England, has been despatched to the Agent-General, and will no doubt be published in the London papers. Wira reference to the appointment of Mr. Claud Solomon to the position of chief paymaster of the forces we are informed that it was contemplated °y T laat Government of Sir Henry Parkes to «bobah the position and have the military accounts nanaged in the Treasury. The Premier regards ta last act of a moribund Ministry as most unjustifi- able. It will be impossible now for the new vürram<at' ahould thev consider it desirable, to aboliA the office without inflicting an injury upon "io gentleman who has just been appointed to the portion. mTin?I'and APPeal Oourt. which was fixed for the «« mstant, has been postponed until the 26th instant, owing to the 18th being the day of nomi- nation for tho Ministerial elections. Porsons con «med have been notified of the change, which will « announced in Tuesday's Government Gazette. Leave of absence for a fortnight has been granted to the City Coroner, Mr. J, 0. Woore, J. P., to tako effect on the Uth instant. During Mr. Wooro's atanco tho dutios will be performed by Mr. W. T. iinhey, J. P. ' .As might bo expected, there was a very large «ssamblago of visitors on Saturday to tho doparting "neat mailboat Austral Tho ship horself looked m perfect aloft and below as it is possible to be, and *»> greatly admired. Her popularity is thoroughly «¡»linisod in the home trsdo, and on tho presont «np Captain J. P. Ruthven is called UDon to preside ow a largo gathering of voyagers, included among T>m are the late officers and orew of H.M.S. «tomah. The Austral had a large quantity of wol and usual shipments of copper and tin. Tho {¡7 gold shipment was £50,000 specie to the Union Bank. «ra Orient line steamer Ormuz, with London nu« to February 8, arrived at Albany yesterday oormng. Her maila are expected to roach Sydney The Yarra, which arrived on Saturday morning Tm Marseilles, took her departure yesterday for oumea. She made a capital run round from Mel J°u,me' accomplishinc; the trip from port to port ti « ll0nrs' ^rea* changes are in prospect for we Messageries Maritimes Company in the trade to *u«traha. Two magnificent ships aro shortly to »tinuhed for it at homo, and a great reduction in promf ih °£ tha trip fromEur°P0 t0 Sydney is The Britannia, of the P. and 0. line, finished a ««ran Muna ttom. Melbourne yeBtorday. She is ««ays out from London, including all detentions «pom of call, and had on board 250 pasBengei» for all ports. The arrivals here yesterday include, in addition to those from London, Brindisi; Malta, Bombay, Calcutta, and Colombo, coastal passengers from King Georgo's Sound, Adelaide, and Mel- bourne, Lady Murray was a passenger from Lon- don to Sydney by the Britannia, and the list published elsewhere includes Colonel Jameson, from London, Colonel Maxwell and Captain Oliver from London for Auckland. Captain Trower and Dr. Laycock wore passengers from Brindisi to Svdnev, and Captain and Mrs Du Buisson from Calcutta. Judge Monro and Judge Nolan aro ia the list of arrivals from London by tha mailboat Captain G. N. Hector, R.N.R., ia in command of tho Britannia. THEnRwas a grand show of flags and other ship decorations on last Friday at Molbourne, on the occasion of the departure "of Sir Henry Loch by tho P. and 0. Company's stoamor Arcadia, It so hap- pened the Arcadia and the Britannia, which aro two of tho mo't splendid specimens of shipbuilding afloat, were at "Williamstown together, the Britannia, bound to Sydney, and the Arcadia for London. In addition to thoso two grand vessels, both of which were covered with flags, there wore several fnll-riggod sailing ships close at hand, somo of thom four-mnstod, and all de- corated. Tho list included the four-masted Bhip Amazon, and tho ships Nikaria, Stockbridge, St. Mildred, two of the "Loch*"-tho Loch Sloy and the Loch Katrine-tho Victoria Bay, and the Aristirles. Tho Arcadia horself was beautifully decorated with flags nnd evergreens, with floral arches at tho gangways. Tho passengers who arrived here yeMerdav by the Britannia say tho sight was ono to be romembercd. Tire trial trip made on Saturday lait by tho E. and A. Companv's China steamer Menmuir was a great success It was undertaken bv the engineers for testing tho now quadrunlo expansion engines which havo been put in tho steamer lately, and the rosultwas most pratifvine. Formerly the Menmuir steamed at a speed of 10 knots, and the consump- tion of cnal was 28 tons per day. Now she has a speed of 11 knots, and the coal consumption is seven tons per dav lesi. This is a material advantage most assuredly. Moreover, the old engines occupied much more space in the ship than the now machinery does, tho difiorenco being something like 100 tons. This space is now available for the reception of cargo. Apain, tha bunker space is not re- quired to the same cctent as before. Tho daily savins of fuel amounts to about 100 toni on the trip from Sydney to Hongkong. That quantity of coal less will now be carriod, and the space which it occupied may now be utilised for cargo. It will thus bo seen that a gain in the vessel's cargo-carrying capacity has been secured to the extent of about 200 tons, in addition to the fact of the speed of the steamer being increased. The Menmuir has been entirely refitted, and is now one of tho most comfortable and best furnished steam- ships trading to this port. TnE Hon. J. Inglis, late Minister of Education, and who has been away for some months on a trip to New Zealand, returned to Sydney on Saturday. Mr. Tnglis was a pasoengor by the Union Steamship Company's stenmer Tekapo from Dunedin. Special importance is attaobod to the annual meeting in connection with St. Mary's Cathedral Building Fund, which is to bo hold this evening, in the Cathedral. At St, Andrew's Cathedral last evening, the Primate delivered the first of a special course of Lent sermons, the subject being " Tho Bible in iteelf (Old Testament)." During a long discourse, which was attentively listonod to by all prosent, Dr. Barry doalt with tho Scriptures as having an inspiration and authority from God, made reference to tho special function of tho Scriptures, and urfrod tho necessity of Btudying the Old Testament with anxious roforenco to the Now, and under tho light of the true faith. The sittings of tho General Assembly of tho Presbyterian Ohuroh of Now South Wales were continued in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Phillip-streot, until 2 o'clock on Saturday. Purely denominational businoes was transacted. In tho afternoon the annual children's meeting was held in the churoh, and another event of Presbyterian interest, and whioh was attended by many mombors of tho assembly, was the laying of tho memorial stone of the now ohuroh at Randwick. This was a largely attended and successful ceremony per- formed by Mr. Henry Clarke, M.L.A. The session of the General Assembly will bo continued this morning. TnE Burwood Presbyterian churoh was reopened yesterday morning aftor extensivo alterations and additions. Tho Hoy. Dr. Steel preached tho ser- mon, founded upon the 9th verse of tho 15th chapter of John, " As the Father hath loved mo, bo have I loved you : continuo yo in my love." There was a crowded congregation. Tho additions consist of a tTansept 57ft. by 22ft, a choir gallery Sift, by 16ft, a cla«sroom, and a vestry. The customary gable end bas been replacod by an octagon. The length of the entire building is 94ft. Formerly the churoh was constructed and finished internally with tho ordinary bricks. An alteration has been effected by plastering the walls, and a cornice of I plaster of Paris placed around the windows. A dado, ' 4ft Oin. from the floor, is of solocted kauri pine panels, with a deep cornice. Tho furniture and rostrum front aro also of kauri. The roof présents a vi>ry massive appoarancs, and in constructed chiefly of Baltic and kauri timbor. Mr. G. E. Fulton, of Adelaide, has presented the committee with an iron railing, with which to enclose the grounde. Messrs. Mitchell and M'Bean were the con- tractors for tho erection of tho building, and the archi- tect was Mr. Arthur Blacket ; the stained glass win- dows are from the establishment of AI essrs. Lyons and Co. In the afternoon service was conducted by the Revs. T. Nisbett and J. Lamont, and the Rev. J. W. Inglis conducted the evening service. The friends of Mr. Louis Emil Magon, of Wellington-street, Waterloo, aro in a state of anxioty as to his avoU being, for he has not boen seen or heard of since the 6th instant. Ho is a Frenchman. 88 years of ago, about 5ft Oin. high, of Blight build, with curly hair, fair complexion, fair moustache, and blue eyes ; and waa drossed in a dark striped suit The matter has been roferrod to tho Redfern police, who are giving it duo atten- tion. Frtosi a return of vital statistics, as well as of arrivals and departures by sea and land, prepared by Mr. Wm. T. Blakenoy, Registrar-General of Queensland, we learn that the estimatod mean population of that colony at the close of 1888 was 877,201, consisting of 220,028 males and 157,178 females. There was an excess of arrivals over departures by sea and rail during the year of 11,805. The excess of births ovor deaths amounted to 8718, making the totall"inorease to tho popula- tion for tho year 1888 20,523. Tho numbor of births registered in Queensland during 1888 was 14,247, of deaths 5529, and of marriages 8254. Sosie of the conditions under which Mr. Jas. Pain has secured the uso of Phillip Park for a re- presentativo of the " Last Days of Pompeii " woro made known at a meeting of the City Council on Saturday. Alderman Young called attention to tho matter, fearing that the firoworkB might bring about the last days of Woolloomooloo. Alderman Dean, who is ono of the trustees, stated that there would be no fireworks whatever, and that the display waa to be merely a representation of the last days of Pompoii. The park, he said, must be returnod to tho trustees in first-class order, and the sum of £1500 was to be'given by Mr. Pain to the oharities of the city. The trustees' principal object in let- ting the park was to enable the citizens to enjoy themselves in tho opon air. The report of the City Health Officer (Dr. W. R, Olay) for tho quarter ended February 28 last WBB presonted to the City t ouncil on Saturday. Tho births recorded during that period number 888, boine 288 in excess of the deaths. The num- ber of deaths for the samo time was 595, 841 being males, and 188 femalos. Dr. Clay points out that the numbor of deaths from typhoid was, compara- tively speaking, very small, although looking at it from an ideal (sanitary standpoint it was still far too large. But lie adds that it is utterly impossible to know the actual number of cases of typhoid, as there is no other system of reporting than that j ' effected by the house to house inspector*, who in- quire for cases of illness. Tho report shows that the infantile mortality has been unusually large, and this is attributed by Dr. Clay to the moist heat which has prevailed. The mortality of children j under 10 years of age was 54*458 per cent, of the whole. A connEsroNDENT writes above the signatura of " Darlinghurst," recommonding Como as a pleasure resort Our correspondent is enthusiastic but not extravagant in praise of that spot Ho pays " Como is one of the loveliest scenes painted by nature. In tho distanco lie the bold headlands, thickly studded with green foliage, and below tho beautiful George's River, with its numerous pretty bays and beaches, so charming to gaze upon. Of this de- lightful water resort very fowof the city folks know anything. It is one of tho healthiost suburbs of our overcrowded city. Bathing, boating, shooting, and fish and oysters in abundance, aro tho principal attractions for visitors." DoniNQ a magisterial inquiry at the South Sydney Morgue on Saturday Mr. W. T. Pinhoy, J.P., callod attention to n matter connected with the burial of paupers, into which, he said, an investica tion was necessary. An inquiry had been hold upon the body of a woman who was found floating in Johnston's Bay, and whon Mr. Pinhey was about to give an order for a pauper burial to tako place on Sunday afternoon tho carotakor of the morgue stated that paupers were never buried upon Sundays. In reply to Mr. Pinhoy, ho further stated that bodies in an advanced stage of decompo- sition had boen allowed to remain in the morgue till tho Mouday on sovoral occasions owing to this custom. Mr. Pinhey said that suoh a practice was altogether wrong, and an inquiry should bo made regarding the mailor. The following is the order of musical servico at St. Andrew's Cathedral thin nftornoon, at 4.30: Magnifient, Winchester in F; Nunc Dirnittis, Win- chester in F: anthem, " Stand up and bless the Lord your God " (Goss). The following is the report of tho Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ended March 9, 1889 : Number oí in-patients at last report. 142 males, 81 females; since admitted, 31 males, 17 females; dis- charged, 24 males, l8 females ; died, 8 male«; remain- ing in hospital on March 9, 1889, 141 males, 80 females; number of out-patients treated during the wook, 356 ; number of casualty casos treated, but not admitted, 198 : total, 551. ^^^^^^^^^^^ ¡ 