9h ^xiéKm ëmxm MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1889. The Colonial Office has practically decided that it cannot support Sir Hercules Robinson in his gubernatorial policy at the Cape. In his farewell speech, at Capetown Sir Hercules said, " It has been arranged that I am to confer with the Secretary of State before deciding whether to retire or return. What that decision is likely to he, I am not at present in a position to state. But I may say this much, that it will dopend in a great measure upon whether my views are in full accord with those of her Majesty's Govern- ment, and, if so, whether I can rely upon the firm and consistent support necessary for giving effect to them." Lord Knuts ford's account of the íesults of this " con- ference ti "eta" is couched in the genuine dialect of diplomacy, but ita actual meaning is obvious. As the cable message puts it, " In reply to a question, Lord Knutsford stated that Sir Hercules was retiring volun tarily. Nothing had passed between him and the Government in which the latter had expressed disapproval of his policy, but tho Government were unable to give any promise to support Sir Hercules Robinson's views without discussing them," It needed no ghost to come from the grave to inform even the members of the House of Lords what this was to be taken for, and the two ex-Colonial Sec i otaries accordingly who criticised it, Lords Carnarvon and Kimberley, merely con- sidered the real interior significance of the fact when they declared that the suc- cessor of Sir Hercules would have no choice in following out his policy. That policy has been misrepresented. Careless or sensational reports have placed in the mouth of the able and genial pro- consul statements which might be justly considered excessive if uttered by any responsible colonial Nationalist Minister, In reality Sir Hercules's gubernatorial action, whether here or elsewhere, has been consistently constitutional, That does not say that it has not differed largely from that of almost all his fellows. It has. This indeed has boen its distinguishing feature, but this distinguishing featuie has beeu due to a most singularly clear-sighted view of the matter-a frank acceptance of a new political development on the part of the colonies, and an equally frank rejection of a tradition of authority which he perceived was no longer tenable. There is all the difference in the world, constitutionally speaking, between the function of the British Sovereign and that of her delegate in a Crown colony or in India, According to the well- known phrase our Sovereigns govern but do not rule, whereas our Governors, until a very recent date, both ruled and governed. Thus was established what maybe called the tradition of authority in the Colonial and Indian Offices, for, as a matter of fact, the power of our pro-consuls has been held in check by that of Govern- ment offices at home, whose hoads were re- sponsible to tho elected representatives of the people. The grant of representative power to the colonies transformed in one leap the whole constitutional character of their Governors. Prom that hour they ceased to rule. They became what the British Sovereigns are, impersonal heads of the political system. It was not to be ex- pected that men trained in the old tradition of authority should recognise so momentous a change both immediately and to the full. Once a ruler always a ruler may well havo seemed to their instincts and ideas some- thing very like an axiom, We ourselve« here in Queensland have had recent ex- perience of this natural but untenable point of view on the part of a Governor, and, although the course of action adopted by us as a community has not wanted adverse criticism, yet it is every day becoming more and more clear to everyone that that course was strictly constitutional in character. It was from the first the peculiar distinction of Sir Hercules Robinson to have freely and unreservedly admitted tho new Btate of affairs. On the occasion of his farewell speech at Capetown he Bald ? that of the forty-seven years he had spent in the Queen's service, thirty-six of them had been spent as her representative in various quarters of the globe, and the last eight years, the most interesting and important of all, had been'passed in South Africa. When he was Governor of New South Wales the situation was not yet politically ripe enough to be ao interesting and important. The tide had not risen, but it has risen since, and not only, as Sir Hercules must be well aware, in South Africa alone, or even there to the full flood, but in Canada and above all in Australia. The phenomena aro in each case the same, for the causes are in each case the same. "What Sir Hercules has to say about these phenomena and their causes, in the special form they have taken on themselves in South Africa, is of the very greatest interest. It may be pretty freely declared that in a large measure his utterances forestall the immediate and inevitable future It must not, however, be forgotten that Sir Hercules then enjoyed a double position. He was not only Governor of the Cape ; he was also High Commissioner for South Africa, in which last capacity his function was made at once more complex and more extended. He had in his own words to "strive to act with equal justice and consideration to the claims and sensibilities of all classes and races, to endeavour at the same time to establish on a broad and secure basis British authority as the para- mount power in South Africa." We our- selves have not wanted our local application of that Bpaoies of Monroe doctrine which Sir Hercules enunciated as a "forward policy," and the necessity in the case of the Cape may also be held as our own, "for if we are not to advance, others will." Our Cape friends are of opinion that the Zam- besi should be the northern limit of their expansion, and it is gratifying to reflect that a path some 1200 miles north of the capital lies open to them up to the Victoria Falls and the waters of the great river. Under the circumstances there is, to say the least, a good deal to be advanced in favour of Sir Hercules's statement of the South African exterior policy. " The true British polioy for South Africa," he says, "seems tome to be, what may be termed, colonisation through Imperialism - in other words, colonial expansion through Imporial aid, the Home Government doing what the colonies cannot do for themselves, having constitu- tionally no authority beyond their borders." From this he turned to a consideration of the inner problem of South Africa, and this is by far the most important part of his speech. From it have, it would seem, been taken the careless or sensational reports which have tended to raise up in certain minds the vision of Sir Hercules as a Bort of superlative colonial jingo. In reality his statements appear to be, if frank and unreserved, still moderate and completely justifiable. "There are," he says, " three competing influences at work in South Africa-they are Colonialism, Republicanism, and Imperialism. As to the last, it is a diminishing quantity, there being now no permanent place in the future of South Africa for direct Imperial rule on any large scale. With responsible Government in the Cape, with Natal soon likely to attain that status, with the Independent Eepublics of the Orange Free State and the Transvaal, and with Germany on the Weat Coast and Portu- gal on the East, the idea of the permanent presence of the Imperial factor in the interior - of a South African IndiaintheKalahari-issimply an absurdity. 'The Governor-General in Embryo,' of whom we have heard, who is to administer, as in India, a system of personal as dis- tinguished from Parliamentary rule, and round whom the several colonies and States are to rally, will, I venture to think, remain permanently 'inembryo,' AU the Imperial Government can do now in South Africa is by means of spheres of influence, protec- torates, and Crown colonies, to gradually prepare the way for handing native terri- tories over to tho Cape and Natal as soon as such transfers can be made with justice to the natives and advantage to all concerned." Nothing better, not to say nearly so good, has been promulgated by any Governor in what may be called the exterior aspect of the great Colonial question. Only one more aspect of the case remnined to be treated of, and that Í3 the real effect of the action of those, whether in England or in the colonies, who have tried, or are trying, to bolster up the untenable position , taken up by the leading Imperialists. And here Sir Hercules spoko as admirably as in the other case. There not being, he declared, any longer any permanent place for direct Imperial rule in South Africa (and how much less in Australia and Canada, where "British authority" is unopposedly supremo, if the race problem is practically settled), ho viewed it simply as au aid lo colonial expansion. And thus, ho said, "thereremain only the permanently competing influences of Colonialism and Eepublicanism. Whether these will always retain, as at present, their separate organisms, or whether one will, like Aaron's rod, absorb the other, is a problem which I will not attempt to discuss ; but I venturo to think that British Colonialism is very heavily handicapped in the race by the well-meant but mistaken interference of irresponsible and ill-informed persons in England ? The tendency of such amateur meddling, to my mind, is injurious in the long run to the natives, whilst it makes every resident in the Eepublics-English as well as Dutch- rejoice in their indepen- dence, and converts many a colonist from an Imperialist into a Republican." How completely true this is of Australia, and "the dream " of Imperial Federation is too obvious to need demonstration here* but "the well-meant but mistaken interference of irresponsible and ill- informed persons in England," the noble army of "amateur meddlers," may readily enough be for- given for having made an excessively wry face over these very candid remarks of their very candid friend, That cannot be helped, The logic of facts is, in the long run, irresistible, and that logic points already with relentless finger to the ten- dency of things colonial. Sir Hercules is to be congratulated and thanked by every true colonial, whether South African or Canadian or Australian, for this excellent and authoritative statement of their case ; and it is not likely that the name and fame of a man whose words and acts have been consistently what his have been, will by them be "willingly let die." He closed his last administration of office with the promise of his frank and con- tinued adherence to the theory of colonial developments. "My pen," he said, "and voice will always bs ready to advo- cate South Africa being allowed to work out its own political future, unassisted and unhindered by irresponsible empirical inter- ference from outside." Lords Carnarvon and Kimberley are right His successor will find it a difficult task not to follow on his policy. Official reports belong to the order of scolopidre, For months tho journalist may beat the usual cover without flashing so much as a solitary document, but no sooner does the cold wind of solitude veer to the warm breezes of legislativo association than the Government Printing Office disgorges flights of departmental game, which tamely settle down and invite a battue. As a rule these records are printed protests against the doctrine of evolution. The soul of the compiler rarely strays beyond'the lines by which his neat columns of puzzling statistics are bounded, or if he has the courage of his opinions it finds vent in demands for a little ] more room in which to construct a few more pigeon holes, and rear another clutch |or two of nine to four chicks. There is a sister or *a cousin or an aunt burning to perform intricate feats with coils of red tape, and not averse to distributive influences -in the form of a monthly cheque. And time require- to be taken by the forelock before these boards are laid down which ara to be kept well scrubbed and clear of political patronage. So glances of envy are cast upon the stately new buildings in course of construc- tion in William-street» and Under Secre- taries with the bump of calculation developed estimate cubic contents * and determine how many additional barnacles could thrive within a given space. 'But now and again, to revert to the sporting simile, the loaded pen grows weary of killing small game and longs to bag some nobler prey, usefuf as an adjunct to the larder, an ornament, or a solution of a v&vata; quostio. To this latter order belongs tho report of the Assistant Government Geologist upon tho Gympie goldfield. Mr. Jack's merits are patent to those who care to study his work, but the local interest of the subject matter of this report claimB consideration. The Gympie goldfield is remarkable for three things ; its limited area so far as at present known, its prolific output, and the marked features of its auriferous deposits. Mr. Bands divides his report as a greater man did Gaul-into three parts. The first of these deals with the gene- ral geological features of the field, such as : " The various formations that occur in the district, with the character of the rocks,, their geological structure, order of super- position", and the effect they have on the auriferous nature of the reefs in contact with them ; with the age and Palaeontology of the field ; with the faults and dykes which intersect the strata, and their effect on the richness of the reefs." The second portion gives a detailed description of the claims, showing their relation to one another, with their position in the series of beds being worked; while the third, in the form of an appendix, contain- a list of cruahings which have taken place since the opening np of the field. Attached are a series of care- fully executed maps exhibiting surface positions, reefs, faults and dykes, witb geological sections across the field, as also sections and plans of some of the claims. Gympie lies about twonty-five miles west of the coaat. Its altitude above sea level is but 310ft., at one of its highest points ; the valley of the Mary has an elevation of 115ft. only. As an evidence of the disturb- ing influences which have so completely changed the face of the country, it is com- puted that a downthrow of no less than 2200ft. has taken place, in other words that a thickness of strata, represented in vertical extent by those figures, with the reefs therein contained, has been bodily removed by denudation- This, as Mr. Hands says, leads to the very natural queries-What has become of the gold those reefs held, and what probability of finding it exiBts ? The known and exhausted alluvial workings of the field were neither extensive nor by com- parison rich. But a very small percentage of the metal eroded from more than 2000ft, of vertical strata could have remained in the shallow gullies and creeks worked in earlier days ; that unaccounted for has notin all like- lihood travelled far, though the lighter mate- rial with which it was associated hasprobably been borne to sea. All one can say is, arguing a priori, that gold was there, gold has gone, ergo gold is somewhere in the neigh- bourhood. The postulates for finding it are not forthcoming. The exhausted glories of Naah's Gully may therefore be left until their memory is swept away by the later discoveries in store for the fortunate miner whose pick replies to the geologist's ap- petising conundrum. Gympie has long been dépendent upon its reefs, which are uo losa remarkable than contracted. The area upon which they are successfully worked does not exceed two miles in length by abouthalf-a-mile in breadth. Even in that space the lodes only become payable under certain natural conditions. It is evident, therefore, that the days of Gympie depend for their duration upon an extension of the field of operations in a perpendicular or lateral direction, or atill better in both ways. This limited area of the Gympie goldfield is not without its advantages,-it stimulates competition in a variety of useful direc- tions, it concentrates forces and adjuncts to successful mining. It has, as the Warden pithily observes, " had ita share in practically educating a body of men who carry on their pursuit in a mode which " will stand the most severe test of professional scrutiny, and is quite equal to that pursued in the best mines on the other goldfields of the colony. The shafts are large and roomy, and the timber- ing, as a rule, is faultless." The chances of an extension of the Gympie goldfield vertically are dependent upon the existence of auriferous shales at depths below the point to which they have been already proved. The peculiarity of the Gympie reefs is that they are virtually bar- ren, except when they are in contact with beds of Bhale. The cause of this pheno- menon is unhappily obscure, but none the less certain is the fact that the contact of quartz, on Gympie, with highly carbonaceous or graphitic shales often results in the deposi- tion of rich deposits of gold. It is held that carbon may be the precipitating agency, but the inexorable law ruling on Gympie in this respect should form an index to researches which may lead to results of the gravest im- portance. Mr. Bands affirms the existence of four well defined zones of slate, and classifies them as follows : The uppermost or Phoenix slate, having a thickness of 200ft. with interstitial thin beds of sandstone »and greywacke. Fossils are very numerous in this bed, which has yielded by far the greatest portion of the gold yet won from the reefs. The next beds are known as the first and second beds ; they vary in thickness from 10ft. to 20ft. each, and lie apart at a vertical distance of about 100ft. They are charged with iron pyritous matter, have yielded rich patches of gold, but apparently differ from the first or Phoenix zone in not being fossiliferous. There is thus a distinction between the true capping zone or Phoenix bed of slate, which ia gold-bearing and fossiliferous, with a vertical thickness of 200ft, and the so-called first and second beds, in reality second and third zones of slate, which have been, though rich, less productive in gold, of less vertical extent, and, so far as at present known, non fossiliferous. With the nominally third zone, but prac- tically fourth " bed of slate," greater changes still occur. It lies about 400ft. below its superimposed neighbour. It is, though laminated, harder and more massive than the others, and is always associated with a greenish - grey, fine-grained, lami- nated greywacke, possessing a flinty or splintery fracture. The gold in this bed is extremely patchy, aud many claims in it have been worked without success. It was, however, in this formation that the Ellen Harkins produced, perhaps, the richest bonanza struck oaGymoie. Nofoaailremains have been found in this bed, except in its outcrop on the south aide of the river. Enough is known to state that downward development must be tedióos and costly. "What hopes are held out of lateral exten- sion? The auriferous beds strike north and south. To the south a little work has been done, mostly by poor companies who could not afford to prospect. Large reefs exist, fair gold has been found, but no Bhaft has been, it is said, put down to a greater depth than 200ft. Trial alone can determine the chances in this quarter. To the north much the same conditions prevail. Very rich deposita have been talcen out of veins at the Two-mile. The reefs have the fatal reputation of being patchy, but seeing^that the upper zone of slate- that equivalent to the Phoenix bed is untried, it seems premature to con- demn the prospects of enlargement in this quarter. For the present, atten- tion is concentrated upon the east. The shale beds, in which the auriferous lodes have proved so productive, dip with great regularity to that quarter, at an inclination of 1 in 3 j to cut them is a simple question of calculation, the limit to extension being regulated by the depth at which it will pay to intersect and work the reefs presumably contained therein. There is, however, no just reason why the tendency to take up leases should be confined to the southern section of the country"; the shales travel north also and hold out fully as great inducements geologically in that direction as its opposite. While on this head, it may be noted that the bed of lime- stone which so long deterred prospecting eastward has long since been proved to lie conformably with thef|auriferous strata, in- stead of, as supposed, acting as a dyke. It seems, therefore, that Gympie, with a produce for the past year of 105,702oz. lOdwt. 7gr. of gold, not only maintains its repute for well-paying mining, but also pos- sesses bright prospects for the future. To the north, south, and east, untried fields for prospecting lie open, while the rifled treasures of the surface stimulate further exploration below. No shaft yet sunk exceeds 1460ft., and, as Mr, Bands states, with a field exhibiting such pecu- liarities, a diamond drill might be used with great advantage. The cores themselves, if preserved, would be worth the cost of boring, by enabling miners to ascertain their position by comparison when sinking in any part of the field. To those, and there are such, who question the economic value of goldfields, the follow- ing figures may prove instructive. They are a quotation from Warden Sellhoim's report on the Gympie goldfield for 1888 : "The most pleasing feature in my report is, no doubt, the very large margin that exists between calls and dividends, which stamps Gympie at once as the soundest goldfield, so far, in Australia, and makes gold mining, at any rate here, a well-paying industry. The calls for the year were £78,370 19s. lQd., and the dividends paid amounted to £171,246 7s. 4d., leaving the handsome profit of £92,875 7s. 6d." Gympie has, it may be observed, for years passed the stage of individual mining, with its contingent irregularities and shortcomings. To this is in no small measure due the prosperity it enjoys, _ Tub movement for the formation of a Peaco Society in Brisbane promises to exhibit a remaikable instance of the lunts a non lucendo. At a meeting held on the 14th May, to which all interested in the question were invited, it was decided to form a society on a certain basis, and a committee was appointed to draw up the lines on which it should be worked. The basis agreed upon was that known as the " lower platform," which does not assert that wars of every kind are reprehensible, and which forms distinctively the platform of the old Peace Society. It was, therefore, a branch of this old Peace Society that was to have been formed. Of what the committee ap- pointed for this purpose have been doing we have heard nothing. Naturally one would expect that the meeting held on Thursday afternoon last was called for the purpose of dealing with the result of their labours. But the curious thing was that while nearly all the members of the aforesaid committee were present at this meeting, and formed in fact the half of the attendance, the motion pro- posed and carried ignored the agreement as to the lower platform basis, and not one of the gentlemen present, even of the com- mittee, took exception to it on the point. The motion declared it to be the behef of those present that "all wars were inhuman, unwise, and contrary to the wellbeing of humanity." It was moved and seconded by gentlemen, both of whom had supported (if indeed they did not move and second) the counter resolution at the preceding meeting, and bad on that account been placed on the committee. No other motion was made, nor was there the slightest indication on the Eart of any gentleman present that faith ad been broken with the initial meeting of the previous month, Tet it should have been obvious that the inherent difficulties of the "higher platform" were enormously in- creased by this cavalier departure from the decision of that meeting. But if the peace seeking gentlemen who met on Thursday afternoon failed to see the quarrel they set on foot by this procedure, the probable ex- planation is that they were too closely oc- cupied with another, and it must be owned a smaller, quarrel among themselves. They werejoblivious^of the mistake they had made in the avowed extent of their avowed peace principles because they had different opinions as to the path along which these principles were reached. Some were of opinion that they rested solely on Chris- tianity ; others that they were found any- where but there. The motion proposed tried to unite parties by leaving ont all direct reference to Christianity j indeed we should judge from the tautology of the last clause as it stands, that in the first the word " inhuman" was substituted for " unchristian." But this laudable effort led to a wrangle which suggests that had the'parties lived a few generations ago they would both have lent themselves to that most evil form of war which persecuted for opinions. The Chris- tian element could not bear that Christianity -in their view the only sure basis for peace principles-should be left unnamed in the enunciation of them ; the freethinking ele- ment, not believing that Christ was opposed to war, could not join a peace society in whose literature the word "Christianity" appeared. We are not concerned at this moment to debate the relation of Christ or Christianity to peace, however surprised we may be at some of the positions taken. For more surprising still is the circum- stance that gentlemen having a common object in view, for the attainment of which their united strength is all too weak, should turn their back upon each other because they have reached their con- clusions alongditferentlines. Why should Mr. Wallace Nelson, anxious to have the world convinced that war ia inhuman and unwise. be aggrieved that it should be lifted towards that great conclusion by the lover of Ohriatianity Î Or why should Mr, Horsley or Dr. Lucas, whose hearts are set on the same great issue, be other thah rejoiced to find the world helped towards it by the reasonings of the freethinker t Thus far, at least, they must feel the freethinker is right, and it must be great consolation to them to know that unconsciously he founds on the Christianity he despises, Fortu- nately, for the interests of peace, common sense prevailed so far among the peace seeking disputants as to carry the more general motion, with the two dissentients above named. But in view of the prospective public meeting it were well if some explanation were given on the first point we have noticed, and a little soothing oil poured out in regard to the second. As matters stand at-present the great meeting to be held in the interests of pace has before it'two singularly promising bones of contention, and bids fair to furnish new demonstration that whether or not war is inhuman, fighting is very human indeed. It were a thousand pities if the movement so much needed for the promotion of a peace spirit, and the substitution of arbitration for war should be wrecked at the outset by the unwisdom and pugnacity of its pro- moters. It was announced last week that the Govern« mont would open the railway line to the Cen- tral Station in Ann-street as soon as the line and temporary buildings have been completed, a work-whioh it wsb expected would occupy about two months. On Saturday a small party of men under a ganger were busy near the rail- way bridge at the back of the Works Office Clearing the way for the platelayers. A quan- tity of sawn sleepers and other material left over from the Ipswich line duplication will he used, and some of these were being laid down, so that everything will be in readiness for a start with the work this morning. A coating of metal has already been laid, so that the placing of sleepers and rails can be commenced at once. Two lines of rails will be laid between the present terminus and the new station-yard, where, of course, more elaborate provision for traffic- and for shunting will be required. Every part of the Courier Hall was orowded laßt night at the weekly evangelistic service. All the available seats were occupied, and num- bera had to content themselves during the early part of the service with standing room in tha aisles and in the passages outside the hall. The oity missionary presided, and gave the ad- dress. The singing was led by the Brisbane United Evaugelistio Ohoir, undor the conduo torship of Mr. R, P. Adams. It was announced that next Sunday the collection, after the pay- ment of the rent, advertisements, &c;, would be given to the Johnstown Relief Fund now being organised in this oity. The sum of £10 0s. lOd. was taken up in the collection last evening. The City Mission Workers held the usual service in tie Charlotte-street Hall yesterday morning, when the hall was well filled. Mr. Mahon spoke in the open air, and Mr. W. Hooper in the hall. There wero a good number of voluntary workers. The sorvioe is specially for seamen and strangers. The Brisbane Diocesan Counoil met on Fri- day at the Diocesan Eegistry, when the follow- ing members were present :-Tho Bishop of Brisbane (in tho ohair), the Eevs. Canon Glennie, O. G. Robinson, H. Heath, O. W, Houlbrook, T. W. Ramm, B. R. Wilson, Manley Power, the chancellor (Mr. G. ii. Hart), Captains Whish, Heath, Messrs. A, E. H. Pietzoker, L. A. Bernays, Ernest H. Webb, and the secretary, Rev. Alfred Richards. The chancellor submitted a draft canon for constituting a tribunal for the trial of eccle- siastical offences and breaches of eoclesiastical discipline, whioh was read olauso by clause, and as far as olauso 30 met with tho approval of the counoil. ' Captain Whish submitted the boundaries of the new parish of Harrisville, and the meeting adjourned till Friday next. \ In Chambers on Friday, before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, C.J., the following were adjudicated insolvent : - William Henry Hancock, of Brisbane, trading as W. H. Hancook and Co., undertakers ; William Everist, of Bundaberg, con- tractor. In the oase of tho former an ordet was also granted restraining the sale of the business. In Chambers, on Friday, before his Honout Sir Chas. Lilley, C.J., the following mattera wore dealt with :-In the matter of Garton v. Maynard, an application was made for final judgment as per summons. Mr. Swanwiok appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. E. M. Lilley (instruotod by Mr. Hawthorne) for the defendant. An order was made with leave to defend within the usual time, the costs to be costs in the cause. In the matter of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney v. Beaton, Mr. Bouchard, appearing for the plaintiffs, moved for final judgment as per summons. Leave was given to sign final judgment for £298 3s. 10d., with costs. In tho matter of Danduson v. Candish, a sum- mons to prooeed on foreign service, the follow- ing order was modo-leave for finaljjudgment upon filing affidavit of service. In the matter of the Insanity Aot of ISSi and Bernard Smith, sometimes called Bernard William Smith, formerly of Cairns and lately of Bris- bane, blacksmith, application on petition of declaration of insanity to make property available for payment of debts and maintenance of said Bernard Smith, together with costs of application. Order : Declare Bernard Smith to be insane and incapable of managing his affairs ; direot the curator to examine as to property, &o.; In the matter of Arthur Percival Hancock, a person of unsound mind, Mr. Chambers appearing on behalf of the Curator in Lunacy, applied for permission to sell certain land and to exeoute .affidavits and to apply proceeds to payment of costs of application, and to repay E. E. Hancook and tho representative of Henry Hancook the expenditure incurred by them owing to the insanity of A. P. Hanoook. Order as prayed. In the matter of Robert Rennison, late oi Ooupland, Viotoria, railway labourer, leave was given the Curator of Intestate Estates to administer the estate of the insolvent. Although the Cogills produced a new pro« gramme at the Gaiety Theatro on Saturday night, the attendance was not so large as might have been anticipated, and this was probably in consequence of the strong counter attractions. The first part of the programme was entitled " Round the World in Sixty Minutes," and all the songa and jokes included in it were new and very enjoyable. The principal items were the songs " Eileen Alonnah" by Miss Alice St. John, " The Mountebank" by Mi. A. Holland, and the vocal waltz " When my rover comes again" by Miss Ada Walker. The oomio business by Geo. A. Jones and O. W. Cogill, however, was not the least entertaining part of the performance. The first part concluded with an original finale, " Shakspearian Re- vivals." In the second portion of the enter- tainment Mr. W. G. Lester, in his original aot, " Funland," was highly appreciated, and Miss Tilly Lake and Mr. Jones in their specialities received well-merited applause. The Cogill Bros, gave their burlesque speciality "The Leaders of Fashion," and Mr. Provo appeared in a new series of feats of Bkill in balancing and sleight of hand. Miss Alice Davenport was applauded for her character dances, and the Leslie Bros, for their musical burlesque. The performance conoluded with the fan» «The Bobberg," The farther correspondence in relation to the Chinese Immigration Restriction Bill, laid on the tablo of the House in response to a motion by 8ieß. W. Griffith, is between tho Administra- tor of the Government and the Minister for Justice and the Secretary of State. The first letter, dated 1st November, 1888, íb from the Clerk of the Executive Council to the Minister for Justice, requesting on behalf of the Ad- ministrator that he would pernse tho bill with a view of ascertaining whether in his opinion there was any objootion to his Excellency giving his assent thereto, or whether he was required under the Constitution Act, or other Acts, or the Boyal Instructions to withhold his assent, or reserve it for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure. The reply of the Minister for 'Justice is dated 5th November, and states thai" in his opinion his Excellency should resei'/e the bill for the signification of Her Majesty's ploasnre, as he was required to do so by the Boyal Instructions. The last lotter is dated 6th November, from the Adminis- trator of the Government to the Seoretary of State for the Colonies, forwarding tho bul and a copy of the report of the Minister for Jus- tice, also directing attention to the 9th and 10th clauses of the hill, and stating that he (the Administrator) had pointed out that these clauses imposed imprisonment for life to the Chief Seoretary, who had contended that no Ministry would carry thein out, and that they , were moro in the nature of a standing throat than anything eUe. He, however, had strong objections to any such power being given to any Ministry or any man. Since the formation of the South Brisbane Mnsioal Society the committee have had two very important questions to deoide-namely, the selection of a night for practices and a place in whioh to hold them. Their object in regard to the first question has boon to avoid inter- fering in any way.witth existing societies, and with regard to the second to find a suitable hall somewhere near the centre of the district. After careful consideration Wednesday night has been fixed for practices, and the now South Brisbane Hall, Boggo-road, has been selected as the most suitable place in whioh to hold them. This hall is centrally situated, being close to Stanley-street and the tram-line, and in addition to that, is certainly the finest and most spacious in Brisbane. The dato of tho inaugural practice has not yet been fixed, but the committee hope to havo everything ready by Wednesday, 26th instant. Notice will, however, be given in the daily papers, The committee are inviting applications from ladies and gentlemen competent to fill the post of pianist. The Gaiety Theatre was filled to overflow- ing last ovoning, at tho service of the Salvation Army. Mrs. "Major" Wright was in command, and was assisted by a largo body of soldiers. Mr. Godfrey, of Sydnoy, 'sang with good effect, "Praise God I'm Saved." Mrs. Hutchison, of the Besouo Home, addressed the audience, and gave some of her experiences. A largo number remained to the after meeting. Mr. Cunard, manager of Frank Thornton's Private Secretary Comedy Company, arrived on Saturday to make arrangements for the com- pany's opening, whioh will take place at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday, 22nd June. In Saturday's " Government Gazette" it is notified that on the 1st July the following lands will be thrown upon for selection :-4900 acres, portion of Nanango resumed run, parish of Coolabunia, Nanango land agent's district; 3680 acres, portion of Emu Creek resumed run, parish of Dignan, Toowoomba land agent's district. It is notified in a supplement to Saturday's " Government Gazette" that tho Registrar of Patents has accepted an application from W. S. Burroughs, St. Louis, U.S., with respect to an invention entitled "Improvements in Calcu- lating Maohines." The committee of the Commercial Bowing Club announce that their annual ball, which is to be under the patronage of Sir Henry Norman, will be held in the Foresters' Hall on 5th July. An excellent band bas been engaged, and it is expected that the evening will prove most enjoyable to those who are present. The Acclimatisation Sooioty have at the pre- sent timo for distribution a quantity of fresh seed of Bheea, or China grass cloth (Bcehmeria nivea). On application to the secretary and manager, Wm. Souttar, a small quantity will be sent to anyone wishing to embark in the growing of this unrivalled fibre- producer. A very pleasant evening's entertainment was given by the nurses and warders of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum on Friday evening for the benefit and amusement of the patients. The entertainment took place in a suitable apartment in what is known as the main division, and there was a large attendance of patients and also several residents of Goodna and its vioinity. Tho first item on the programme was an amusing farce, entitled "Poor Pillicoddy," by Misses Gormley, Donohue, and Kelly, and Messrs. Bussell and Aspinall. Tho piece was very creditably played, especially by Míbb O'Donohuo, who took the charaoter of servant maid and caused much amusement. It should be mentioned that a stage and suitable scenery had been provided for the occasion. No less enjoyable was the concert whioh followed, and among the most successful of the songs given may be mentioned " The Maid of the Mill," by Miss Thompson, and several comic songs sung by Mr. Bussel. _!ho accompaniments wero played by one of the Miss Kellys, Mrs. Laughter, and one of the patients'known as the "Captain." The entertainment,« which reflected great credit both on the dramatic and musical talent of the officials of the institution, was apparently keenly appreciated and thoroughly enjoyed by the patients, to whom it oame as an agreeable novelty. The following names of magistrates appear on the roBter for attendance at the City Police Court for the week commencing to-day: -A. J. Barker, S. Bolitho, A. R. Byram, L. C. Dunne, E. Hooker, W. H. Marshall, Jas. Munro, A. Stewart, Charles Warde, E. Gailey, T. Lawless, James Carroll, Joseph Darragh, John Forsyth, Thomas Gallagher, R. H. M'Donnell, W. A. Noble, Aoheson Overend, and Edward Sayce, The ordinary monthly meeting of the Queens- land Photographio Society was held on Friday night at the School of Arts. Ono candidate for membership was elected, and three were nominated for election at the next meeting. An interesting col- lection of photographs of Northern Bcenery was exhibited by Dr. Thoa. Bancroft, one pic- ture of a myall climbing a tree being particu- larly good. These pictures were presented to the society by the doctor, and it was decided that they should form the nucleus of a collec- tion to be kept up by contributions from the members. The special business of the evening -development of plates provided by members -was then proceeded with, Mr. J. Hall using hydroqulnono, Mr. Lyons pyrogallio acid, and Mr. G. Robson the iron developer. When the results were shown, the effect of the new developer, hydroquinone, were much admired. After the latter process had been repeated once or twice the meeting terminated. In Gladstone bags and fitted bags, portman- teaus, trunks, .rugs, and umbrellas, the stook at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s is xmrivalléd in Queens- land, either for moderate prices or choice selection.-[Anvx.] Ventilated waterproof coats on silk; extra light, portable, and perfectly waterproof. To behadonlyfrom B. Mountcastle and Sons. 