Clief&apuirtafSferatti.; " TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 188ft, PARLIAMENT AND THE ESTATES DUTIES BILL. The session is on its last legsj and probably during the week will give up the ghost. Its proceedings have, indeed, been very ghost-like misty and without substance - and remind one by inversion of Heine's philosopher, who was all mind and plasters. Let us hope that before the session applies its pedal extremities to the mortal bucket, an effort will be made to add an Act or two to the comedy. Up to the present a very. un-eerie Ministry, have Jbeen veryj eary in their policy, which has been f made up of a wealth of promises suited to the auricular development of those who were complaisant enough to accept them. While there's life there's hope, and if the Ministry and members would rouse themselves this week, they "afblins might," like auld Nickie ben, "-still have a stake." Why should not the Estates Duties Bill, as amended in committee, pass without delay? I* was introduced for two purposes, to encourage the subdivision of lMgP real and personal estates, and inci dentally to raise the wherewithal to cover the deficit caused by free educa tion. The first object it would never, as it stood, have accomplished. The duties were graduated aocording to the total value of the estate puu&g; «n death or voluntary settlement, without any regard to the number of interests into which the estate **? divided. In other words, if a teeUtor left an estate of the value of £60,001> to one person, the duty would b® ott the £50,000 scale of 10 per cent. K he divided his estate into 100 the duty, being determined by the value of the whole estate, would be 10 per cent, on part. Of course ihie was no enctftragemetit to sub division. It was simply imposing a penalty upon the acquisition of wealth. The BflI has now been changed,-so that the amount of the duty payable in respect of the whole estate is to be determined by regarding -each interest or legacy;- as an estate under the schedule and adding up the duties thus assessed. The amendment which efiects this, says: "Such duty shall be assesse'd as.if. tbei»terest ofeaeh person bemeScmllj entitled, after deducting the amount of any. portion of the debts, funeral and testamentary expenses chargeable "to it, were a final balance of a whole estate under the Schedule, and the mm of the duties thus assessed shall be the total duty payable ; in respect of an estate under this i Act/* Thus, if a £50,000 estate be divided into shares of £500, £10,000, j and £39,500, the duty would be! assessed at 1 per cent, in the £500= i £5, G per cent m the £10,000==£600, ! and 9 per cent, on the £39,500= j £3,555, the total duly, payable by the 1 execution at once, being £4,160. Tins system manifestly tends to a healthy subdivision of wealth. Should the Bill-be carried in this amended form, or in such a form as mil carry out the intent of the amend ments, a comparatively sound policy will be established though the esti mates of revenue may suffer. But the revenue will not be required for free education, as the Government have or had as much notion of risking their necks upon free education as any bovine jumper in the colony has of emulating the achievement of her his toric sister by trying to rub horns wilh the moon. Indeed, to pass from cows to bulls, the to-day of the Govern ment is always to-morrow. The Treasurer might indicate the place in time of his policy by giving us that favorite hymn of his, " The sweet by arid bye." Those are the errant ways, dark but not mysterious, of Govern ments; procrastination in the dis charge of self-regarding duty, post obits that are never met-by successors, and in presenti an extensive Bili of fare of an empty larder. There is another respect, besides that of the method of assessment of duty, in which the Bill has been changed for the better. The Bill as introduced was one to tax all voluntary aliena tions. If a man made a settlement of his property to take effect during life the duty would, have been payable as soon as the settlement became operative. The 17th section has been altered in committee so as to read: "The property comprised in every settlement and deed of gift shall, in the event of the death of the settler or donor within three years from the date of the settlement or deed of gift, be chargeable with the duty specified m the Third Schedule to this Act immediately after the death of the settler, donor, or other person upon whose death the trust or disposition shall take effect." The duties thus become death duties. The Second Schedulei must be recommitted to make the duties payable without exemp tion, except in favor of the widow, widower, ancestor, or descendant, and the Bill -should then, when touched up in the spirit of its new purport, be passed."7 Kappkda HOSMTAI.-1The Secretary re ports at followB for the week ended December Is-Admitted, 7; discharged, 1; died, 0; remaining in Hospital, 13. The Trade nr Fucz.-The following are the quantities of flax dispatched from the Xapunda Bail way Station for the week ended December 23, 1889:-To Dry Creek-Iron ?tone, 198 tons 18cwt. 2 qr; marble, 211 ton# 0 cwt. 2 qr. Grand total, 404 tons 19 cwt. 0 qr. CAXB and Sthawbeeet Fbth.-This after noon, at 2 o'clock, the cake and strawberry fete in aid of the funds of the Kapunda Benevolent Society -will be opened in the Institute Hall by Mr. H. T. Morris. WHO'S GOT thb Beokens.-Some of the largest shareholders in the Broken Hill Pro prieiaty Mine in Adelaide are:-Hon. W. K. Sitnms, 2,700; Hon. W. A. E. West Erskine, 1,800 (andl,50JBlosk 14*s); and Mr. Samuel Beddome, S.M., 2,200. Mr. McGregor lias 600 shares in his name on the register, which at 8s. a month dividend return £28,000 a year.-Surra Record. LYNCH Family Beixeingees.-The re appearance of this talented family in Kapunda afteranabsence of some years was the means of drawing a crowded house at the Institute on Friday evening last. The family have not lost toy of their popularity since they were Iterelast/as was evidenced by the frequent" expressions of approval that came from the audience. With the one or two new faces the 41 family' make as good a variety company as any one could wish to see. The bellringers, of course, were the attraction, and their repu tation was fully maintained. The musical glasses played by Mr. W. W. Lynch also manifested the dexterity and cleverness of that gentleman, and he was heartily recalled Ui. P. Browne is a really good baritone singer, but a better articulation would enable the audience to understand what lie is singing. The funny man, Mr. J. C. Parlatto, was in every way atruecess, and seteraltimes brought downlbi bouse and bod'to Twjxind to- en cores. The other members of the company were bISO eoccecBful .in their performances. l'fee efficrtcitunent closed with an oripa}«nd laughable &" Five shillings a week." To Gdbb SKIS DisKifiss..-Sulpholine Lotion driven away all" Eruptions, INnplet BlotebeSyJEiedocse, and DisGgoreinents leav ing * clear, spotless ? .etin.-Bottle*.' Sold ereiy where, ? .2140-2243 The little Decau*iHe, railway. which runs around the Paris Exhibition has carried S,014,372 passengers since 6lh May last. Tie Shah of Persia was so delighted with his trip in the miniature saloon carriage of the line that he has given an order for the eslai>li-h sient at Teheran of a Decauviile ckemin defer, and the artisans of the ironworks of the company at Ivry-pelit-Bonrg are accordingly busy Tritfa: the Imperial order. Kajcnda Litesabt SOCIETY. -At the meeting: of last Tuesday evening Mr; H. Williams- tendered his resignation as secretary on1 account of fcis leaving Eapunda. It was duly accepted, and a hearty vote- of thanks was accorded hxm -for the satisfactory way - in which lie had carried out the duties of. the office. After the preliminary business had been disposed of, it being the ladies' evening, the president vacated the chair, the place being, filled by Mrs. Allen, who announced . that- the .subject for the evening was the f poetic®! works of Lewis Morris. She then ' read a short paper on the style and scope of his writings^ after which selections were read from the " Epic of Fades." " Phadra" was read by Miss Gmeiner, "Andromeda" by Miss fi. Allen, and " Appollo" by Miss White. After (his a short interval was allowed for criticism. As a contrast to the style of Morris, Miss Byrne then recited "The Sells of Shandon." This was followed by selections from "Songs of Two Worlds " and the " Ode of Life." Miss ! Allen recited " The Organ Boy," and Mrs. j Allen read *' An Ode to a Spring Morning," [ after which there was mors criticism. The ! readings, though not faultless in every case, were, on the whole well given and well re ceived,, while Miss Byrne and Miss Allen were quite at home with their respective recitations. A vote of thanks to the ladies closed a very" pleusant evening. There will be no meeting this evening on account of the entertainment in aid of t he Benevolent Society. Singular DEATH AT Mabrabel.- The Register's Riverton correspondent tele graphs, under date December 1, as follows r " The police have received information that a married .woman named Lydia Fuge, living . at Marrsbel,. died suddenly last night. She retired to bed at 8 o'clock. A terrific thunder storm with vivid lightning occurred at mid night, wliich awakened the children, who heard the mother moaning, and found her lying insensible at the foot of the bed. They ealled the neighbours, but she expired within an hoar, not recovering consciousness. The police, Dr. Allwork, and Mr. J. Kelley, J.P.» made enquiries, with the result of ascertaining death as dee to apoplexy, accelerated by fright from the heavy storm. Mr. Kelly gave a burial certificate. The husband is working at Smithfield, and is left with five children. Tbe lightning .also struck a shed full of agricultural implements belonging to Mrs. W. Kottle, at Macaw Creek. Everything was saved except some harness, but the shed was completely burnt down. The crops have not suffered from the storm." Family Tbopbles ojt a MINTABO Fahm. -The Chief Justice has (says tbe Register) happily succeeded in cutting Bhort a lawsuit between an old farmer and his wife. One of the colony's northern pioneers was William Dunn, who in fourteen years managed to secure £3,000 by carting contracts, and then took up 800 acres at Mintaro, where he settled as a farmer. Mrs. Dunn brought op a fine family of three sonB and three daughters, whose ages at present vary from thirty-six to nineteen years, and as the sons were hard toilers the farm prospered. Sight years ago the sons, assisted by their father, took up credit selections from the Government. It is alleged by Mrs. Dunn that of late years her husband had been most disagreeable, and that in her own defence he was induced in March, 1888, to sign an agreement to lease for seven years 537 acres to her for £140 per annum, £100 of which was to go to the maintenance of herself and daughters. Dunn afterwards refused to sign the lease, and pu* the law in motion to prevent his wife using the land. For a year_or two he did nothing on the farm, and is now living in Adelaide. A claim was made in the Supreme Court by his wife to compel him to fulfil hi&. agreement for a lease. Dunn pleaded in defence that be signed the paper under the undue influence of his wife and children when he was a lunatic, and counterclaimed heavy damages j on account of the farm having since been used in ways he disapproved. He accused his wife and sons of having " swindled " him, and of personal cruelty when he was suffering from softening of the brain, the result of a fal from a horse. On t he other hand Mrs. Dunn oharged her husband with having threatened to reduce her to penury, and of continual meanness in his dealings both with her and his children. The story of tbe fall from the horse and the consequent lunacy was de nied. His Honor-after much persistent effort-brought about a settlement between the litigants, by which the estate will be held in trust, Dunn receiving an income of £100 per annum from it, and his wife getting the remainder. BIBLE SOCIETY MEETING.-The annual meeting of the local branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the Baptist Church on Thursday evening last. The attendance was small. Mr. W. Lewis, J.P. (president), occupied the chair, and on the platform with him were the Bevs. A. G. Fry and J. Allen and the deputation from the parent society (the Ber. Cr. Davidson. M.A). After a hymn had been sung, the Bev. James Allen read the first chapter of the first Fpistle of Peter and the Rev. A. G-. Fry offered prayer. The chairman said bv the providence of God they bad again been brought together at the annual meeting of their branch of the Bible Society j but be was conscious of the fact that the interest dis played in the meetings was not what it should be. It was a source of satisfaction that there was a greater number present on that occasion than they generally had at the Bible Society meetings, and they hoped they could say at the end of the coming year a greater interest had been taken. The Bible Society had placed the Bible in their hands, and it was incumbent upon them to see that others had it bb well. By the voluntary acts of Christian men ftiid women; many had[ the Bible placed in their hands, but they must not be content _ with what had already been 'done, as there were thousands qf their &llowmeu; who had not the Scriptures in their hands, and it was their-jjluty to do all they could. to promote that great and work from the rising to v|^e setting sun. They vter^lL vgry glad to see the genial.face of their friend Mr. DavM . son, who, he was sure, would UU them some thing that would'stir/theBfc«p-'to'* greater interest in the Bible Society. Mr. Alt. Palmer then read the report anj balance sheet. Tbe balance-sheet showed a cash balance in hand, after allowing for all pay ments, of £1112s. The value of the stock of books at the local depfct- wae £7 15e. "Daripg the year Testaments (eigjitepn) value of 15s. were presented to .the botel^ in the town. In submitting the report of the pafe^N^isar, the committee had "but little to say beyond the ftfct that the sale of Bifiles and Testaments at the dep&t; and the yearly subscriptions have increased in number and amounL from 43 copies and £10 9s. last year to 79 copies and £1119s. respectively this year, but while the committee are thankful for this perceptible improvement they st ill feel that with a popu lation such as this neighborhood possesses, the annual subscription shoal j far exceed the total herein named . . . and they urged the claims of the Society upon the sympathy and consideration of their friends and towns folk without distinction." The chairman said the secretary (Mr. Palmer) was deserving of ! their thairiu for having visited the hotel* and obtained the consent of the proprietors to place eopies of the Bible in their ban. That vras a step in the right direction. Hie meet ings of the committee bad, he said, been very poorly attended, but they hoped for something better in the future. Mr. James Pearce moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet, which was seconded by Mr. J. Packer, jun. (who hoped for a better report next time), and was earned. The Rev. G. Davidson then addressed the meeting, and in a pleasant manner narrated the progress of the Bible Society's work and incidents in his travels in Italy, principally, and elsewhere. He referred to the ignorance of the. lower classes of the Italians, but said he found in that sunny land very many persons who blessed God that the Biblo Society ever sent colporteurs there. By leaps and bounds the selling of the Bible had gone on in Italy, so that now the Bale had reached many thousands every year. lie also referred to the work of the Society in Bnssia, and stated that only very recently there a large printing press for the printing of Bibles for the Society was blessed by the Greek Church. In concluding an address of great interest and fall of informat ion, Mr. Davidson urged upon the young never to be ashamed of being Been reading the Bible or the New Testa ment, as it was a book that would have to be' laid hold of by them all. There was not, he said, an English Christian who was without a Bible-if there was it was his own fault, and not the fault of the Bible Society. The speaker resumed his seat amidst applause. After a collection hod been made, the Bev. J.16. Allen moved " that the committee for the ensuing year be as follows :-Mr. W- Lewis, president; Messrs. B. Cameron, James Pearce, J. H. Gates, T. D. Nock, J. W. White, with power to add to their number, and the minis* ters of the town; Mr. A. Palmer, secretary and treasurer; and Mr. W. Thomas, Bible depoeitaire." The Rev. A. 6. Fry seconded the motion, which was carried. An apology was made for the absence of Mr. B. Cameron. The Bev. Mr. Allen said he had wjLtb him the petition of the Women's Temperance Union to the Government of China, praying for the suppression of the opium trade, and if there were any ladies present who would like to sign it they could do so at the close of the meeting. The chairman then proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the five lady collec tors, to the committee, to their Baptist friends for the use of the church, and Mr. Davidson for the excellent address he had given. Mr. Davidson replied, and the meet ing terminated in the usual way. 