THE ROMANCE OF RINGS. daily news. Tho British Museum has just published' an illustrated Catalogue ' of the Gems iu the National Collection. As a rule, these engraved stones are set inrings, either in tho original gold, silver, bronze, or iron; or iu modern settings. Iu cither caso this treasure of antiauities. whioli might be carried iu a satchel, is full of the most curious and even romautio interest. Rings were the most intimate, precious, and durable objects which men of old possessed. A man's ring was his lock ; ho sot it on a seal xvhich could not be infringed without liis dis covering the injury. True, a theological im postor, unmasked by Lucian, discovered a method of opening seals, and so was enabled to open the scaled pockots of questions xvhich he pretended to read by clairvoyance. Indeed, the simple, boyish device of a bread seal would hax-o served this rogue as well as the means to xvhieh lie had recourse. People ap pear to have been so guileless, as a rule, that seals xvcro seldom forged, and as keys and signatures, they xvcro in absolutely universal employment. They xvere over on each man's hand, and the materials on which tho gems aro out are of tho hardest ; and thus one may wear to-day a seal which has adorned tlio finger of Alexander, of A'irgil or of Ciesar. Rings with portraits wero common in tho late Roman Ropublic, and probably theso were worn (especially when Emperors came to .bo represented later) by tho friends of poets and the courtiers of statesmen. The Museum has a gem xvith a profile of Cicero that may have beon a present from Tully to Atticus for what xvo know, and xvlio will assure us that Virgil did not carry the ring with a portrait of Horace ? Sir. King mentions a portrait of Slassauissa, set in a ring of iron; "perhaps it has been worn by Scipio himself. The merit of the engraving proves that it must have been executed for a person of high position." Thus there is no xvaif or stray loft hy tho xvavo of the past on the sea of tho present so intimate arid so curious as a ring of the anoient world. Con ceive the luck of tlio collector who should find tho ring of Hannibal, "avenger of so many murders ; " the ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. The drug may have been hidden in a hollowed st-ono or in thu metal sotting. In _ the former cose tho gem must have perished with its owner. Mr. King pub lishes a copy of an onyx holloxvcd out to contain poison and engraved xvith the ugly face of a horned Faun. To reach tho poison it xvas only neoessary to bite through the thin shell of onyx, -AVhen the gold deposited hy Camilius in tlio Capitol xvas takon away tho person responsible for it "broke tho stono of liis ring in his mouth, "and died at once. As these stories ap pear not to be doubted, they seem to prove that tho ancionts were indeed no inexport poisoners. AVo must infer tho reverso from Btories of tho clumsiness of Locusts. The romance of ancient gems is inexhaustible; it meets us everywhere. This cornelian may hold the portrait of somo rioh man's mistress, such as Clement of Alexandria forbado tlio Christians to wear ; wo may bo looking on tlio favorite of Ovid or Propertius, on Coriuia or on Cynthia. AVhero xvill our photographs bo in 1800 years, or xvhat record will exist of tho fair faces of to-day? They are washed- on-paper or painted on canvas ; not one lady or lover has thought of being mado imperishable on cornelian or sard, yet if there xvere but patrons, who can doubt that the skill exists, as in tho last century, and that wo have inglo rious Pichlers and Pistruccis among us, who, like these masters, needed to sign thoir gems lest they should be sold for veritable antiques ? But gem engraving lias rarely flourished, auart from the custom which made a man's ring part of himself, his symbol and signature, a token often, as in the ease of the famous ring Eliza- bcth gavo to Essex. Of all -rings, if only one could identify it, the most romantic would be that which xvas xvon by the fair ghost of Corinth, xvho even from her grave came to embrace hor lover. Tiie story is told in a fragment of Phlegon, a xvriter of the second century of our era. In Phlegon's words it sounds uncomfort ably real. AVo see tlio old nurse prying into tho room of tho young man whoso betrothed is dead ; and tliero tlio dead girl sits xvith her bridegroom ; and xrhen tho houso has been roused, and the grave searched, thoy find there only the iron ring which tho lover hail gix-en to tho dead girl in exchange for licr ring of gold. This tiny circlet of iron moves us more thon ex'en the poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that too famous gem xvhich Polycrates tried vainly to throw nxvoy. In Pliny s timo they slioxved it, a sar donyx not engraved, in the' Temple of Concord. But this was a blunder, for Herodotus declares it to havo been nn emerald, ongraved by Theodoras of Samos with tho device of a lyre, according to Clement of Alexandria. Soma years ago people fancied that this famous ring, as noted as that of Solomon, had boen dug up iu n vineyard at Aricia. Mr. King cruelly suggests that this xvas a moro ancient imitation, " a favorite device of literary men." But the style of the art, archaic in the time of Polycrates, xvould settle that question, and perhaps permit us to believe in the authenticity of the relic. Gems are practically imperishable. A wonderful head of Medusa ou an onyx is no loss mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for many centuries it was rolled . in the sand and silt of the Tiber. Tho ring of Polycrates, if not found at Aricia, may to-day he on tho finger of some fisherman of Samos, for theso men in the Greek islands have usually somo venerable joxvel of this description. Tlio Museum catalogue, as may bo supposed, is concerned xvith the history, not xvith the romance, of rings. Thoy began to be regularly collected in cabinets by the Romans before the Republic fell. They xvere older than Rome or Greece, for Greece borroxved tho idea chiefly from tho Egyptian scarabs. To ho sure, bean- shaped pebbles xvero engraved by. tho Greeks beforo they took to cutting scarabs of cornelian, and vety ugly the engravings on the old pebbles often are. They sometimes prove that Greeks used this hard material while thoir artistic skill xvas not in advance of Red Indian design, and xvhen their dress xvns of tlio Now Caledonian fashion. An example (73) i3 photographed in the catalogue. The stouo scarabs canto in about thu uud of tile suvouth ucniury it.o. It may be said that tho designs on the early scarabs are only by astago loss ruile than those found on tho " lentoid " or bean shaped stones. Finally it dawned on somebody that tho dumpy, thick scarab xvas a waste of material. Thenceforth thin slices of raro stones wero used, and to tiicse xvo owe tho exquisite effects of transluconcy and color in tho best ring stones. From this date tho art of gem engraving enters its best period. It presents us witli miniature copies of famous lost statues; with portraits of poots, em- porors, beauties ; xvitn scenes from real life ; xvith little idylls liko illustrations of Theo- oritus ; xvith scones from mythology ; xvith fan ciful devices ; witli' groups of laughing Loves ; witli men engaged in nil occupations ; xvitli hints of religious mysteries ; finally with tlio dull and grotesque symbols of Gnosticism. Tlio xvholo history, social, political, roligiou3, artistic, of Bovornl centuries is iinperishnbly represented on the seals of rings. Even fire, xvhioh blackens them, and makes them opaque, docs not rain tho loveliness of the lines. Modern civili sation can lcavo no Buch indestructible picture of itself, no such beautiful fragments of ous- toms and manners xvhich must pass, as Grceco and Rome have passed away. Those elder States xvill in this manner outlivo us, and if a cosmic catastropho sxvopt man from the xvorld, and if ngain tho xvorld xvere inhabited by rational beings, they too xvould find tho - counterfeit re presentation of xvhat Greece xvas engraven on onyx and sard and emerald. Such fancies are tho suggested by tho 2349 rings of the Museum. 