Jleligioniiiid ^•OTlliUitliropy. Great Joy in- the' House. Bi Ret. C. H. SrcBOEOs.; And bring hitocr^tlie fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat and be merry.—Luke xv. 23. The joy of the Lord ehould give every 6inner great confidence in coming to God by Jesus Christ, tor if you would be glad to hi saved, Ho will be glad to save you; if you long to lay your, head in your Father's bosom, yonr Father's bosom longi to have it there; if you pane to say, " I have sinned,1* Ho equally longs to say to you/by acts of love, "I forgive them freely.'* If you pine to be His cbild in His own-house once more, the door is open, and Ha Himself is on the watch. Come and welcome, come and welcome, and no more delay. i Notice the* joy of the sinner. The son was glad. He did not express it in words, as far as 1 can see in the parable, bat he felt it none the less—but all the_._more Sometimes silence is discreet, and^it' was so in this case; at other times it is absolutely forced upon you by in ability to utter the emotion, and this also was true of the prodigal. Tr>e son's heart was too full for utterance in words, but he had speak ing eyes and a speaking countenance as he looked on that dear father. As ho put on the robe, the ring,, and the shoes, he must have been too astonished to speak. He wept iu shower* that day, but the tears were not salt with grief; they were sweet tears, glittering like the dew of the morning. What would make the son glad, think you? Why, the father's love, the heart's forgiveness, and the rcstora ion to bis old place in the father's heart. That was the point. Bat then each gift would serve as a token of that love and make the joy overflow. There was the obo pat on-*the dress of a son and of a son well beloved and accepted. Have you noticed how the robe auswerea to tyis confession ? The sentences match each othep thus: 44 Father, X have sinnedBring forth the best robe and put it on him. * Cover all his sins with Christ's, righteousness; put away his sin by imputing to him the righteousness .of the Lord Jesus. The robe aLo met his conditions; he was an rags, therefore, 41 Bring forth the best robe and put it on him," and you shall see no more of his rags. It-was fit that he should bo thus I arrayed, in token of hi* restoration. He who I is re-endowed with the privileges of a eon I should not betiressed in sordid clothes, but wear | raiment suitable to his station. "Moreover, as a festival was about_to .begin be ought to wear a festive garment. It would not be seemly foe him to feast and bo mehy in his rags. Put tHe best robe on him that he may bo ready to take his place at the banquet. So when the penitent comes to God he is not only covered, as to the past, by the righteousness or Christ, but he is prepared for the future , blessedness which is reserved for the pardoned ones, yea, he is fitted to begin the rejoicing at once. Then came the ring, a luxury rather than a necessary, except that now he was a son it was well that he should be restored to all the honoara'of his relationship. The signet ring in the east in former times conferred great privi:eges; in ""those days men did not sign their names, but stamped with their signet upon wax, so that the ring gave a man power over property, and made him a sort of other 6elf to the man whose ring he wore. The father gives the son a ring, and how complete an answer was that gift to another clause of his'confession. Let me read the two sentences together, 44X am. no more worthv to be culled thy son." 44Put a ring on his hand" The gift precisely meets the confession. Xt also tallied with bii changed condition. How singular that th'fc very hand which had been feeding swine should now wear a ring. There were no rings on his hands when they were soiled at the trough, X warrant you: but now he is aswine-feeder nolonger, but an honoured son1 of a rich father. . Slaves wear no ring*. Jnvcnil liuyhel rat certain frcedmen b cau-e they were seen '^pAlkiug up and down the Via Sacra, in Rome, withe mspicuous rings on their fingers, the emblems of their new- found liberty. The ring indicated the penitent's lib :rty from sin,- and hisjenjoyment of the full privileges of hirf Fatber'a-house.r O'dear hearers, the Iiord will-"mike yon triad if you come to Bim, by putting the seal ot tho Holy Spirit's indwelling | upon you, which is both the. earnest of the in- I heritance and the best adornment of the band of your practical character. Ton shall have a sure and honourable token, and shall know that! all thiols are yours." whether things present or 1 thing*-to fto:Q2-This riug upon your finger will 'r declare' - yourt, marriage union to Christ, set forth thr eternal love which tbev Father has • fixed upon you, and j be the' - abiding' pledge of the perfect work of the Holy Ghost. Then they pus slices : on his feet - I suppose he hud worn out his j own. Jd the eatt servants do not usually wear ! shoes at home, and especially in the best rooms of the house. The master and the son wear the sandals, but not the servants, so that this order was an answer to the last part of the penitent's prayer, •' Make me as one of thy hired servants." 4,Xo," says the father, -•'pat shoes on his feet." In the forgiven sinner the awe which puts off its shoes is to be overmatched by thoXamiliarity wbicb wears the shoes which infinite love provides. The for given one is no longer to tremble at Sinai, hut he is to come unto Hoant-Zion. and to have familiar intercourse with Clod. Thus, also, the restored one way j-hod for filial service—he could run upon his father's errands, or work in his father's fields. He bad now ia every way all that he could want—the robe that covered him, the ring that adorned bim, and the shoes that prepared Lien for travel or labour. Ye awakened and anxious ones who are longing to draw nigh to G.k3, I would that this description of tbe joy of the prodigal would iudu<v*'you'to come at onci. Come, ye tfakVd.ahd fie will'gay,^44 Bring forth the be6t tvbd " Qm*, ye that gse your natural defor mity-through sin, and Ho will-adorn-you with a ring of beauty. Come, ye who feel as if you could hut come, for yt> have bleeding, weary; feet, aii.l bo will'>hne >dn with the silver '*an<hifs of fiis gij.eo. Only do but come, and jou shall have cU'di joy in your hearts as .you have never dreauiud of. There , shall bo a heaven horn within, your spirit,'which shall grow and increase until it comes to tlie fulness of bliss. Dwell now oil the joy cf the servants. They were to be merry, and they were merry, for tlio music and the danoing which were heard outsido could not havo proceeded from one person only, there must havo been many to join in it, and who should these be but the ser vants to whom the father gave his commands? Tiisy ate, they drank, they danoed, they joined in the music. There are many of us hero who are the servants of our Heavenly Father; though wo aro His children, wo delight to be His servants. Now, whenever a siuner is saved, we have our share of joy. "Wo have joy first in the Father's joy. They were so glad, because their lord was glad— go dservants.are always pleased when they seo that their master is greatly gratified, and I am sure tho Lord's servants are always joyous when they feel that their Lord is well pleased. That servant who went out to tho elder brother showed by his language that bo was in sympathy with tbo father, for he pleaded with the son upon the matter; and when you are in sympathy with God, my dear brother or sister, if the Lord lets you see poor sinners saved you must and will rejoico with Him. It will be to you better than findiog a puree full of munoy, or making a great gaiu in business; yes, nothing in tho world can give you more ; delight than to see some brother of yours or some child of yours made to rejoice in Christ. A mother once beautifully said, "I remember the new and strange emotions which trembled | iu my breast when, as an infant, he was first! folded to my heart—my first- born child. The ; thrill of that moment still lingers; but when he was 'born again,' clasped in my arms a 1 'new creature in Christ Jesus,' my spiritual I child, my son in the Gospel, pardoned, justi- ! fied, adopted, saved, for ever saved, oh! it was the very depth of joy, joy unspeakable 1 My child was a child of God! The prayers which preceded his birtb, which cradled his in fancy, which girdled his youth, were answered. My son was Christ's, The weary watcbinge, ■ the yearning desires, the trembling hopes of years were at rest. Our first-born son was avowedly the Lord's." May every father and mother here know just such joy by having sympathy with Gcd. But they had sympathy with the son. I am sure thoy rejoiced to see him back again, for somehow usually even bad sons have the good will of good servants. "When young men go away, and are a great grief to their fathers, the servants often stick to them. They will say, " Well, Maiter John was very incon siderate and gay, and be vexed his father a great deal, but I sbould like to see the poor boy back again." Especially is this true of the old servants who have been in tho house since the hoy was horn; they never forgut him; they do not wish to. And you will find that God's old ser vants are always glad when they seo prodigal children return. They are delighted beyond measure, because they love them after all, not withstanding their wanderings. Sinner, with all your faults and hardness of heart we do love you—yes, more than we can tell—and we should be glad for your sake to see you de livered from eternal ruin, and from tho wrath of God which now abideth on you, and brought to rejoice in pardoned sin, and acceptance in Jesus Cbrist Wo should rejoice for the sinner's sake, but I think the servants rejoiced most of all when they were the instruments iu the father's hand of blessing the eon. Just look at this. The father said to the servants, "Bring forth the best robs." He might havo gone to the wardrobe himself with a key and opened it, &ud; brought out the robe himself, but ho ga?c them the pleasure of doing it. When I get my orders from iny Lord and Maeter to bring forth the best robe, I am delighted indeed. Nothinsr delights me more than to preach the imputed righteousness of Jesus Christ, and the substitutionary sacrifice of our exalted Re deemer. "Bring fsrth the best robe." Why, my Master, I might be couteut to keep out of heaven if Thou aouldst always give me this work to do—to bring forth the beat robe and extol and exalt Jesus Christ iu the eyes of "the people. Then he said, "Put it .on him." When our Lord gives us grace to do that there is more joy s'ill. How many times I - havo broughtforth the best robe, but could not,putit on you. I have held it up, and expatiated on its excellencies, and pointed to your rags, and said what a delightful thing it would be if I could put icon you, but I could not; but when | ' er, iiy the heavenly Father, Tiy His grace, and the power of the Holy Spirit, makes us the means of bringing these treasures into the possession of poor eicners, oh, what joy ! ' I should rejoico to bring forth tbe ring of tho Spirit's scaling work, and the shoes of tho preparation of the I Gospel of peace, for in is a joy to exhibit these ! bleeping*, 'and a greater jjy still to, put them , upou the poor, returning wanderer. God be thanked for giring His unworthy servants bo great a pleasure. X would not have dared to describe the Lord's servants as putting on the robe, tho ring, and tbo shoes, but as Ho has 1 Himself done so I am rejoiced to uso the Holy Spirit's own language. How sweet was the command, "Put it on him." Yes, put it on the poor, trembling, ragged, shivering sinner: "Put it on him," even on. him, though he can scarcely behove snob rnercy to bo possible. " Put it on bim ? ' Yes. on him. He who was % drunkard, a swearer, an adulterer ? Yes, put it on him. for be repents. What joy it is when wo aro enabled by God's commission to throw that glorious mantle over a great sinner. As for tbe ling, put it on him; that is the beauty of it. And tbe shoes, put them on him; that they aro for him is the essence of our joy—-that such a tinner, and especially when ho is ono of our own household, should receive these gifts of grace is wonderful! It \vaa most kind of the Father to divide the labour of lore. One would put oq the robe, another the ring, and a third the phocs.1 •Some of my brethren can preach Jesus Christ in ]iis righteotiHm ph gloriously, and thoy put on the best, robe; others scorn most gifted in uweiiiiig upon tho work of the Spirit of God, and they put ou the ring; whilo yet another class put ou the shoes. I do not mind which X | havo to do, if I may but havo apart in help ing to bring to poor Binnors those matchless gifts of grace, which at infinite expense the Lord has prepared to those who come back to Him. How glad thoso were who helped to dres9 him I cannot tell. Meanwhile, another servant wis gone off out of doors to bring iu tho fatted oalf, and per haps two or three wero engaged in killing and dressing it, while another was lighting a fire in the kitchen, and preparing tho spits for tho roast. One laid the cable, and another ran to i tho garden to bring fiowors to make bright j wreaths for tho room—I know I should havo ; dono that if I had been there. AU were very happy. All ready to join in the music ami daucing. Thoso who work for the good of j sinners are alwayB the gladdest when sinners ! are saved. l"ou who pray for them, you who preach to them, you who win them for Christ, you shall share their merriment. , Now, dear brethren, wo aro told that they began to be menr," and according to the description it would Beem that they wero merry indeed, but still they only " began." I Bee no intimation that they ever left off. " They began to be merry," and as merriment is apt to grow beyond all bounds when it once starts, who knows what they have come to by this time I The saints begin to be merry now, and they will never oease, but rujoico evermore. On earth all the joy wo havo is only beginniog to be merry, it is up in Hearen that they get into full swing. Hero our best delight is hardly better than a neap tido at its ebb; there the joy rolls along in the majesty of a full spring tide. Let us begin to be merry this morning. But we cannot unless we ourselves have come to God, and then are labouring for tho salvation of others in all way possible to us. If wo have done and ore doing that, let us praise and bless tho Lord, and rejoice with the reclaimed ones, and let us keep the feast as Jesus wculd have it kept. Let us continue to bo merry as long as we Jive, because the lost are found, and the dead are made alive. God grant you to bo merry on this account world witbouc end. Amen. 