A MIDSUMMER RUM THROUGH THE SOUTH EAST. [By Our Special Reporter.] NO. 3.-RE-OURCES OF THE DISTRICT. There is certainly no district In the colony that affords greater contrasts to the eye of the visitor than the line of country which his vision embraces as he travels southerly and to the east from the Adelaide railway-station to Mount tiam< bier, and then again to Millicent and the seaports on the coast. Everyone is familiar enough with the charming scenery that meets the eye as the train surmounts its 1 in 40 gtade till the station at Monnt Lofty Is reached, and with the plots of orchard and garden lands where fruits and vegetables of all kinds may be aeen growing In abundance on either aide of the line. Skirting Mount Barker, the garden of the colony, we ran through Nairne towards CaDlngton, where there Is a wonderful change In the charac ter of the country, and bleak uplands and hungry-looking valleys prepare us for the dismantled smelting bouses and other evi dences of mining exploration In the past; not, however, because the mineral treasures of the district have been ex hausted, as there Is every likelihood that with our later knowledge and modern improvements in mining many valuable discoveries may yet be made In the country through which the Nairne line pastes between that township and the Murray. There U one strip for example on the other side of Callington to which my attention was directed by a skilled mining man, who aaid the surface indica tions were those of a coalfield, and that it was the only place he bad seen In South Australia which bore a close resemblance to the Kewcastle country in New South Wales. On referring t> the map Issued by the Government Geologist I fi&d; he has noted this piece of country as being a metal-bearing for mation of the plutonlc period, which does not favor the supposition that coal might be found there; bat It may be that the locality hasnot been more than superficially surveyed, and that an exploration of this riu eandstcne bar of country might be attended with good results. The traveller of today who obtains an excellent meal at the Blarray Bridge refreshment rooms (and, by- the-way, a flourishing little town ship with a very good hotel has sprung op at the bridge since the railway opened), and then settles himself down comfortably to repose, or a game of whist, while he la being conveyed at forty miles an hoar across the desert, is in biissfal ignorance of the troubles of the overland traveller in the somewhat recent coaching days. Then the desert journey was something to be remembered, and many a weird story can be told by those who In old times coached it along the Cooron*. I have myself a vivid recollection of being regaled with the stcry of Malachi Martin, and his murderous exploits, on a dark dis mal wintry night; and when we pulled up at the wayside shanty at Salt Creek to change ocr horses and get a bite of refreshment the mid night hour had just struck. An old woman was bending over a capfull of fire, cooking eggs, when my voluble com panion offered to take me into the next room and show me the bloodstains on the vails where Malachi had beaten out the brains of his unfortunate servant girl. Never shall I forget the look of horror and alarm with which the old wonsn turned uponusandlmploredmycompanion to speak no more on the subject. "Oh, don't- 'cc sir, don't; for God's sake don't say any more, or I shall see the poor girl's ghost when you are gone. There's no bloodstains there now; they were painted out years ago," aaid she, and 1 certainly had no curiosity to witness them, even had they not been removed. Bat I could not help reflecting on the disnul fate of the poor eld creature, who was compelled t~> live in a place where the chance remarks of a passing stranger could rouse In her mind all the horrible associations of the mur derer and his victims. £ t irics of wreck and massacre and <of out rage by the blacks were given a locil coloring by the narrator as we passed the spots where they were enacted; and these, with the discomforts of bad weather, a rough road, and a terribly jcltirg o-sch, made the all night journey aloo£ the Coorong anything but a pleasant one Thank goodness the iron horse has demolished that state of thing*, and in anything but a seething hot day the run across the desert can now be undertaken with ease and in comparative comfort. One cannot help speculating on the future of that vast tract of country which lies between the Mutr?y and Bordertown as mile after mile of iual!ee scrub meet the eye In onr on ward progi?fs, and our best wishes for success go out towards Mr. Scott in his plucky venture at Emu Fiat. I have twice visited the plantations there, and they fcrm so remarkable a contrast to the desert wilds which surround them thst we must regard Mr. Scott and his coad jutors as benefactors to the public if they succeed in showing there is country in the desert that can be profitably occupied. I have no doobt they will accomplish this desirable end, and that many thousands of acres in the " deeert" will ere long be selected and settled upon. The railway authorities have proved that water can be pretty easily obtained in other places besides Ems Ftat, and the Conservator of Forests has indicated the various uses to which large areas of the desert may be profitably put, such as growing the wattle and the pine; while at Emu Flat the visitor can himself see the vine, fruit trees, and vegetables enjoying luxuriant growth. The approach to Bordertown is heralded by dumps of timber, indicating the im proved character of the soil, and remain irg there a night I found two good hotels in the township and a numbar of stores, an institute, school, &c; . which pr?ve that it fa?s a fature before it, and pos sibilities of enlargement which may de pend a great deal upon the enterprise of the inhabitants and the occupants of the surrounding country. 1 find on reference f> statistics that the land nnder the dUtrict council comprises the hundreds of Tatiara, Wirrega, Parson*, and Stirling, and hundreds not named, a total area of 1,500 square miles. The amount of the assessment Is £22,000 ; the rates realise £1,100 ; and the gross revenue to about £2,y00, not including the main roads grant. Bordertown is one of the oldest locations in the south east, whose useful - ness was recognised by the Government so far back as 1651, when it was a depot I for the gold escort from the diggings ; and portions of the old " pub" where Inspector Tolmer and his men found quarters when in charge of the precious metal is still attached to the principal hotel. There is cne grievance under which Bjrdar town c mart a at the present time, and that is the chatge cf gauge which takes place lat Wolseley, and which formerly occurred at Boidertown, where every provision had been made in the shape of a turntable and a couple of good water dams. Why tha I newer place should have superseded the old* r In this matter I can hardly under stand, as tiie only eaviDg effected is, i am told, the running of the carriages a I distance of nine miles along the iiue, I whtreaa the eugioe has to travel tais | distance to turn round and to take la | water. Possibly the railway authorities I have gjod and sufficient reasons why the cbaoge ebonld have bean made, bac ta the otoiiiary traveller it eaetua odd that Botoertown should have foten superseded, by Wolselfay, especially as Serviceton is 'co near to the latter place. Bordertown I bas a well-to do aspect, aud can this year | boast of veiy good crop* ; and the fact i that It also lus an agricultural society cud show grounds ia a proof that its lands are fit ti- sustain a farming Com munity. WoUbley, cine miles from Bordertown, la tiia ptivatt) township which was laid oat order the Impression that i 5 would bo 1 one of tia principal atopuiaq places on l^ Intercolonial line, but has since been robW 1 oi thia distinction by the Vic torian commissioners deciding upon Servicttou .being the border Castoms station. Woijele>> whfchincludesthetown ship of Tatlar^*. Is well enough situated, except that it labors nuder the disadvan tage of much of the zurronading country being educational r^erves that have been leased in large block* for grazing. It would have been much better had these blocks been thrown open to the farmtii, as the soil is good and the climate more suitable for the settlement of a popula tion than the northern lands outside Goyder'e line of rainfall. At Wolsetey the traveller from the south-east changes from the nanvw to the broad gauge train. The station accommodation is scanty, atd although a fair meal is provided at tie hotel opposite, as the building is not of a pretentious character, it does not seem to be largely patronised, Narracoorte, 240?. miles distant from Adelaide, is one of the oldest towns in the colony, having been founded by Mr. William Macintosh In the year IS4S, ard it is satisfactory and singular to rela'e that at this distant date from its 6ret settlement its founder is still residing in the town with various members of his family. The original name given to the settlement was Kincraig, after a village in Scotland, the birthplace of Mr. Mac intosh, but tbe Government township was named Narracoorte from a native designation of the creek, which runs through the town, and at floodtime contains a considerable body of water. TheorigicalaamB of Kincraighas therefore fallen Into disuse, bat the attempt to form a Government township has failed, as tbeprlndpal business places and residences are situated In the old township, which Is pictnre?qnely placed on the sides of ground which slopes down to the creek. Before the railway Narracoorte was made lively with coaches and teams, but the iron horse has deprived it of much of this excitement, and the place Is now com paratively dull. It Is a well-built town with good hotels, institute, and other public buildings, and If the Urge areas of squatting lands which surround it could be sold or leased for farming and agricultural pursuits Narracoorte would again become a place of consider able importance. Squatters' runs ! border the very edge of the township, j and it seems a pity that better use cannot be made of much of the land than that to which it is at present devoted. The famous caves, which are situate some seven miles out of the town, I was unable to visit, but waa regaled by a friend with some gcod stories of how tided celebrities had been Induced to crawl on all- fours through the "post-office"' when they might have walked upright round a corner where their friends were waiting to re ceive and congratulate them on their acrobatic exploits. Bush fires were raging round Narracoorte during the period of my visit, and it was only the exertions of the Messrs. Robertson's employes that prevented the fire obtaining a hold upon the State forest reserve, near the caves. I was pleased to hear that Mr. Hutchlnson has a number of pro mising thoroughbreds which should at tract attention from buyers at the coming sales, and that the local coursing club (the oldest in the colonies) are making good progress with their new plumpton, which they also Intend to use as a race course. The famous greyhound, Rho danthe, now owned by the Messrs. Robert son, is, I was also pleased to learn, alive and well and bringing up a litter of five pups by an equally famous sire, Capri (Imp.), by Canute—Little Star. The season has been a favorable one for the landowners round Narracoorte, and an Idea of the district can be obtained from recently- compiled figures :—" The hun dred of Karrac ■ rta contains i'G square miles, and Its roads and works are constructed by a district council which has been In existence 17 years. Under the Local Goverument # Bill this area was increased to over 700 square miles, and includes the hundreds of Karrasoorte, flynam, Blnnum, Jessie, Robertson, Joanna, Lochaber, and CUenroy The assessment of the district coun cil for the old district was £15.031 10s, and the year's rate at a shitting In the pound came to £751 la. Gd. The enlarged district has an assessment on a much lower basis. The annual value of the property Is assessed at £54,352 19a., and the rates amount to £1,712 los. The assetsment is divided between the four wards as under :—Central ward (hundred of Karracoorte), £10,501175. !>i. ; south east watd (hundreds of Jessie, Joanna, and Robertson), £12,528 3s. 5d- : north ward (hundreds of Binnutn and Hynam), £7,507 15s. t:d ; west ward (hun dreds of Lochaber and Glenroy), £4,01". 2s. 4d. There is an over- I draft of about £r>oo. About three years ago a substantial stone council chamber was built In Ormerod- street at a cost of about £800. Many of the buildings are of white limestone with sandstone facings, and include the railway-station, three backs, four churches, the council cham ber, a pest and telegraph office in Ormerod street, institute, State school, and three hotels. On the north of the creek are the Local Court buildings and the flourmllL" 1 observed while strolling up towards the cemetery a very lively rabbit-warren in some rislcs sandy ground, and could not understand why the bunny and his nume rous progeny should be permitted to form a colony so near to the township, and right op to the fecce of the last resting-place of the Inhabitants ltlsnotanlcethlngtocon template that the rodent may ba borrow ing on the other side of the fence amongst the cc flics, or even the bones, of the dead. The hotelkeepers ani storekeepers of IS'arracocrte have unquestionable csose for complaining of the "quiet times" la their township, as with pastoral country all round them, and a commercial decline brought about by railway extension, they have little improvement to hope for in the immediate future Some day no doubt the rich lands that He beyond the belts of sand and scrub will be sab divided, or let out to farmers and graziers, and then will Karracoorte once more be come a flourishing town and a pleas&ut; place of resort for the country aiders. 