A Headless Ghost. AN EUGhlSH FAEMEB'S CBUEL J5EVENGE ON HIS FALSE LADY I.OVB. About thirty miles south of London, in one of the prettiest parts of England, is avillage called Shallord. Adjoining it is a large common, or public ! pasture. The are a few houses front- j ing on it, prominent among which i there was about twenty years ago, a i rather singulai -looking edifice known, j to the villaee folk as the ' Black I House.' The name was apparently ill- \ chosen, for the bricks were white and ! the tiles a bright red. But there was a good reason for the name, as any local gossiper has pleased to explain. The house had been built by a farmer named Somers for the reception of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become his bride. The wedding day had been fixed. But a lew days betore the one fixed for the wedding day the bride disappeared, and a few hours alter her departure a farm hand in the employ of Somers was also sought for and found not. Bumor coupled the two names, and the disappointed bridegroom started off in hot haste:, in pursuit. For several months the house re mained untenanted, but one night lights were observed in the windows. The next day there was much specu lation aa to whether Somers had re turned or whether he had rented. But there was no signs of life during the next nor the succeeding day, and finally it was thought advisable to force an entry. Accordingly the local blacksmith and Somers' farm bailiff broke ouen the front door. The house was found exactly as left by Somers when he started out on his tour of revenge, nor was there any explana tion to be detected of the lights seen at night. That evening the windows were again bright and for several successive nights the phenomenon was repeated. Finally a committee of three was ap pointed to investigate. The members of the committee were the blacksmith, the parish clerk, and an old skeptic who believed iu no one but himself. After eating & hearty suooer at the viSlage inu the trio set mit on their task. The clerk was very nervous, the blacksmith defiant, and the skeptic sarcastic. The door was forced open and the men proceeded to investigate. They made a tour of all the rooms, but discovered nothing. The clerk became reasured, the blacksmith sighed for someone or something to fight, aud the skeptic threw in an 'I told you there was nothing' every two or three minutes. But shortly before midnight the light of the lanterns carried by the intrepid investigators was supple mented by a bright ummiuation 'wiiicn seemed to hava no natural source. The clerk looked at the blacksmith and even rhe skeptic felt himself at fault. Suddenly the first named sprang to his feet and rushed headlong out into the passage, along it to the front door, and through it on to the opea pasture. The black smith and the skeptic turned and decided to folio?/ his lead as best they could For, standing in the far corner was a figure so weird that not even the skeptic could control his fears. It was the figure of a young woman, absolutely headless, and en volped in a shroud of surpassing brilliancy. From this unatural cloth ing the mysterious light seemed to emerge. The two men got away safely and corroborated the parish clerk's description of the scene. The story was not generally credited, but again aud again was the house rented, only to be vacated by each succeeding tenant after one day's occupation. Neither Somers nor his false lady lov^ ever reappeared at Shalford, and when your correspondent last saw it the black house was still unoccupied and was gradually felling into ruins. 