THE CROWN PRINCE OF AUSTRIA. A TRAGIC DEATH. CONFLICTING ACCOUNTS. [By Telegraph from Albany.] London, February 8. [From our own Correspondent.] Many conflicting statements are current respecting the circumstances of Prinoe Rudolph's death. The following narratives supply the details of the versions mcst widely circulated :— HOW THE PRINCE WENT MAD. Prince Rudolph had been for the last three years at least living in a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estranged him from his wife, and his infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Princa took to drinking in excess. Of slight build and nervouB, lymphatic temperament, highly imaginative and excitable in character, he could not stand the use of wine. He lost interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things, aud when out bear-shooting or deer- stalking was frequently seen with flashed face. He took pleasure more and more in loose society, and became smitten with fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and was haunted with fear that he might become mad like Louis II. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness, Marie Von M , a young lady twenty-one' years of age, one of the beautleB of Austrian society. She belonged to an old Czech family, and was the niece of a well - known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the Baroness and the Crown Prince began some months ago. This increased the estrangement between Prince Rudolph and Princess Stephanie, his wife, and the Prince scarcely made a secret of his determination to obtain a divorce He counted confidently upon receiving the assistance of the Emperor on account of the disappointment experienced by His Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could not have further issue. To the Crown Prince s surprise and disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he undoubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his unnatural conduct. On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife. Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Prince that he would appoint him as Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There,'' he said, " you will have to lead a repu table life, and there will be an end of all these scandals.? At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Reus's reception on that same Sunday evening. He was then wearing tbe Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. Next morning his father sent for him and repeated what he had said the previous day, but with more peremptorinesB, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Prince Rudolph got very angry, and left his father without lrissing his hand according to the Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, sent notes to Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days'shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horse cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted singer of comic Bongs. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. ; At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to him. The Prince and Count Hoyos and Bratfisch remained together until 3 in the morning, but during the intervals between Bratfisch'a songs the Prince several times left the dining-room and »ent to the study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. this singular company sepa rated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. 