P IFroM theflQITE] Aalcsundinfavxm. iBy Charles B. Coming, (iondon snd,;r|?a1sley;: .Meaner 'Gardner )i Aalesund to Tetnirn is an account pf&^uropeatf 5 . tour inadc by au Americau geniletiiaa' : who Mas not in a liurry. He 'lcne^^b^to^dnft/^andj w&so; happily master beetle to follow- lis ImpnJiS^MtSbtiMNnel^jt; might lead. him. The book opens with. liis departure %Oiu : :T5n^fsin& itff Jfra'Sce- 1 -wii-tSie" Channel Islands, a ioute-'Stbich.ie'vtei-iicstly: recommends to. Ws.;eonnfeymVn5 ; afl3mg iegreW fully;: "But they wen't -stake it." . Sweden; anil (Norway, Germany and Russia, Italy an8, SpiSn are visited in iurn. Biu- iiigSiisisfcay in; acro^ to the African Coast and have a look at Tptuan, and is amply, rewarded for the effort. Next after Aalesnnd, vTetuau .seems to;, have; mg?e the most ' lii-ply > impression upon: bis" imagination. The charm's of this Moorish stronghold were; - perh'apE, enhanced fay the docilities of .gaining access to'it. • . ffETOAK Sr SIGHT. ''We camo across camel trams 'and men on: foot, and ail hour before -we reached onr des tinatiion a "brace of sturdy soldiers joined oui litfle party ,and kept with us to the end. In the. fast gatifcpng -nightshades the indistinct e^iences pf wayside huts indicated, the neat life of Tctuan: : -!The flickering Jights and occasional ypices"were sights and- pounds- mostgrateful, for wiSite-iatigued • to the bone,-and hailed with delight the-.-stone bridge across a, sluggish stream;-for it brought ns beneaththe formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetuan. It »ns nine o'clock, and tlie gates had been closed since sundown; ,but-wealliset -up a mighty shouting supplemented by vigorous poindings, a real international,concert, J11 which many strange tongues commingled, but it accomplished its purpose and brought a solitary tiijibuette to tlie parapets,, who .with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what wg wanted. This uncalled for* questipn must be Ji-escribed in the .governmental rubric, fer our appearance ought-surely to have done away with any such interrogatorj. After .a- long pariey, in -which mentiou of reward was frequently iieard;-ifche Silhouette vanished, and in idue time, according to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit frojn the coinipandant -to enter. Bvenv-at"midnight it was highly ludicrous to-watch that Moorish functionary ;i£ he stood in the exasperating flicker of a lanten;, and didliis lie-st to note pur names as we gave tiiem. •.-His big ear-rings moved mechanically as he ,:4ned- to catch the strange phonetics, but he Suck to his task impst faithfully, .and ."after isatisfjing fcmself that he had secured our patronymics, - we passed down,ihe,4iarrow .inner walks, a ward band, I'm bound, and then through another creaking gate oat Into the great .silent jnarket? place., hemmed;£uo by-T®>lid:Mocks -of square white houses -witkinir>ilituj.-e:--<:asemenu; like so many black eyes peering, out upon 'the night. I do not remember meeting a living soul in that midnight transit- of Tetuan. . Bogs barsed as a matter of course, but ;thp prowling rounder or the drowsy watchman did not como upon the scene." -daylight the scene changed and the deserted streets became thronged with a motley and picturesque crowd. • > . ffiltTAH BY Dir. "The rabble is e ven more kaleidoscopic thanat Tangiers, and all kinds and conditions- of men are' met on -the streets, the most abject and miserable creatures imaginable. .'Diseasestricken beggars stretch forth their palsied palms for money, s but nobody takes notice of tliem. Then there.-came along the prosperous merchant, the loiid-inoutlied hawkers of smafl ware, the fruitVvendors, 'the donkey boys-with shrill pipings, "anil-.; the sharp-eyed Jew Tilth hands behind his back. -Then come the Tetuan women, with straw/bate as large as cart wheels: and faces bidden behind folds of linen, .their eyes peering put-and half smiling ;at -Christian curiPiiity and. modern ttrousers.' Slaves with, hire backs"' tugging- jat.their:. work;. soldiers, counterparts of our meu-atrarms, with long heanpoJe guns .sliini; avev their shoulders ; hunters, with baskets of rabbits and partridges5 and many other comical utti"interesting "figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. "'Out in the spacious market-place were crowds of people seemingly doing nothing but existing, and yet many hidden currents coursed beneath that moving sea of turbans and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, but they wear a mask, and behind it they keep up a, tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades in dingy holes and cellars, and the traders sit cross-legged in their cuddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern—-and yet, Just begin trading with one, and m a moment you will be surrounded witli a vociferous chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how- mucn there is behind the Moorishjnask,".. . Hot cpntent .with the loanomcaJ sailsup ®e Norwogian fiords, this un'farmgHraveUor -pur- 1 chases a horse and trap and devotes Jiimself to an .exploration of the anterior., Occasionally he has to put up -jvith very primitive accommodation. • A iKOKWEOIAH-EEB-KOOM. - " While- tbeHbrwcgiaiisare sturdy of stature, their beds areattuongly idwarfed and strangely made-up. - A novice may-expect at any moment to -find .himself in ,a , lump, painfully contorted and aching in- overy joint,'-with the bed-clothes on .the .floor. v.B ,.15 .a .-eonailete ; collapsedgeneration of travellers .bad complaifiei£4Si$!hSS, anomaly :iii housekeeping;. nntil.ae^aafeteolffl 1 camo to tjie:rescue ,:and>told liow ito maJie&iLc;'B- • bed.:, Those ip,the manner ;born jjut under,the piUow,hut we arevmstruct^-.to move <ie =6aoie,-- ana 4iien tuck M tie xjlotiifS tiglitly-all jround, a process which, after a few: trials, becomes efficacious in carrjjng the sleeper safely through the night. Another peculiarity consists in hanging the .looking-glass so high— 'skying' it, m fact, as if it were a doubtful painting—and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood-curding evolutions. : Whenever I mentioned these indigenous things, the good people of the house manifested great surprise but noipity, -and left me to undertake any:referm I deemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, - making little . or "no -pretence to historical/ antiquarian, or topographical knowledge beyond tiie local lore that is current coin. among -.•tourist®:- ?£fenig-'W43B8Hs|A' ; ii(i" naturally knocks a good-deal of fun "out of -bis • European experiences. • The droDery :is mostly in the incidents, not in tbe relation-' Midnight Siwhwni, fit, jBgs of Travel through the tad of. ifee frorsetimn A ByUdwm Coplidge KimbalU (London and Paisley Alex ander Gardner.)—".MidmghtSunbeanis"isalso the work of an American tourist. It is a sketch of-., a journey through Sweden, .Norway, and Denmark. The sail from Trondbjeim to the Korth Cape is not all poetn, however, and a usittoawhale-oil factory, affords material forrealistic description.in the sphere of the loathsoae, ;The salmon-idietj supposed tp be pnaof the attractions, of,;theJiord- imp,."iseeins to lave bpen Tather.oyerdone on.thellorth-.'Capefiteamer- Rong Ilalfdan. ALWAYS EiLMOt, v if'.Almost the.first word the tourist will learn 1 _ Norway is Zax (salmon! tax ho is-absolutely certain to«ee it' upon the iable ever^ -day dteing his stay. inijtiejcoUtftrv; i During our steamer ^ trip we werfi jsepyoj fttjlii salmon jfteee iim Sail it came upon Me^Oile, feoil^ fee broiled and AoLedj we ®ere ed jrai A salmon sala'd, sMtoSSmafk "The puddih^m'4>tf^aum e'offeolSer Tvegian cooksjirt The is'first separated .-frpm the F »eiiigchopped-fine- lsmixed:with:^ and;flour, seasoned with-salt and pep ier, and boiled in a mould It is general! made from sataon and cod or halhbut arranged jn layere, variegated Italian cream -or ,blanc maiee Its couastaicj JS somen bat firmer than the last, anf^ we ate it for the .first time ,atr dinner, sewed after he Soupj W3vere,dMl of or is cured Trs^PUAUgiVi .X 'iJotmhSl s^m9a2 PWL, vheiet water, jet meEls in sumewioh whire iosin some form was.. ^hat,-.tjil)j^^j^iSjarted:imon-.the'Toyago.with.a ^ ^ ^ toSheSvartisen'dsJi^raB'® Mpret^melightfe -ffi^eS^^ticinig . vSk.-.'^TOB^yiiUiffigKK efciOIElS' i'&isfeagnificei;: we jiroceeded up a gioriouis^h^'jPl^eSyai^eii?!! & •and "ice ":3grty ; f<H.: Alleiijq^ iaud' co'yeriiig . ^ :-space".bf 5^xty-||jo :SjfasS|amles,"- spread jjat; ^luSi^o&dsfipiffyjjea;'te^ descend several glaciers between the mountains, and 'we riow^iewed the onfe which desceiids the f nearest to the sea. The bright afternoon sua shone -upon ihis grand glacier, wlucli for ages . has been moving slowly downward, until its ^ glittering mass of show and ice extends almost, to-the - blue - water. . Kothmg.-ooulil Jse .morp : beautiful thahtbispure-iyhitQ cpngealedstreaDi, as we view its course, flowing from the great ice-Selds above, amid its dark^framing' of baraen " rockj 'dowii to the green slopes at ^Tie ba£e;of the mountains.. .- \ ••..: [ .J C/'V^'-V-V- 1 " Vfe lanilcdin 'sin^llboats.upon . the -rocky . . shore aiid .started to walk to the glacier, jbut the distance,WihichfromthesteamerEeemed,buta Sew.rods, :-lengthened.intp: over ;a.;Vmile; ..:. Sfter. J two jdays -of -confinement upon; theEteamorit was a great ideosure to walk along the rocky shore, • fathering ishells, sea-lnoss,-and .new.aiid stamge.- flowers blooming upon grassy-slopes, just.beyond the rocks. At last we stood at the base;of tlie glacier, winch 1 tpweted'.above us mere than, thirty feet ; grea't pieces of ice bad been brcken off and;stood detached-ln-pools pf avater, or-were piled against each other; -as far as wo could see, the surSace of' the glacier:Was of pTire.-wiiite, in; great -contrast with - the Swiss • glaciers, >so soiled •and -dirty- from plies of stones and great "moraines.' ' As we . looked down . the • •• deep crevasses-penetrating into the recesses of. the glacier, we found that the 'ice was a- beautiful dark bine, invalbng in tint the bluest of skies. We climbed up the glacier a short-distance,. but found it too difficult and. dangerous au undertaking, and were content, to Walk .along -ats margin, lost m wonder before this great crystal storehouse. - * "In beauty aud.grandenr the Svai'tisen glacier far exceeds anything we had seen in Switzerland; evens the dine (glaciers "about- Sontresina, -jSermatt/OhamoniXj-r-Oi-iudelwald^. and-those that sweep around the base of the liggishorn, are surpassed by this, pure-white -glacier in the far.. North. -'-We -were , rowed back to the steamer after two iionrs upon loiid, and as.--.we sailed away me watclied -xintilvthe Jast iniomiint -the; wonderful Svartisen,-which- ^vas pne-of-themost: beautiful aights.of the whole trip." This favonred excnrBion parfcy bad tliQ crowning -good - for}jBieV)4o jget a.' clear -view of the midnight sun from &e; i\ T Pr£h Cape a boon often witHicld irom. tta oinost ' appreciative 