By Wood and Stream. ('The Tbamp.') ??? Thus all alone by wood and wold ; I yield myself once again, ? To the memories old, that, like tales fresh told, Come flitting across the brain.' — Gobdon. To an Australian born there is perhaps no teener sense of enjoyment than to find oneself mounted on a good weight-carrying lianlr ^n11/\T\itirf alnnry 1-tnah fr.rnnlra fur frnm UUl-A |JttUU^lUg IHUlig UUUU w&uuuu; *.%*— . a*w«~» the busy haunts of men. It is in the early morn that four of us leave Middlesex and turn our horses' heads towards Surrey Hills. One of my companions is a junior member of that well-known firm of stock owners who for so many years have rented the Middlesex and Surrey Hills blocks from the V.D.L. Company, and the others are two of his stockmen, at whose hut we had spent the previous night, and where, notwithstanding the plentiful supply of , wallaby skins wherewith the floor was littered, the hardness of the boards make, early rising a matter of inclination if not of necessity. Biding over low grassy ?ridges, beneath the spreading gums, we catch glimpses of many a lovely and . romantic spot down the valley, through \- which runs the swift Iris, which I suppose takes its name from the flat - footed messenger of the heathen gods. The 'atociLinmi uuve xuimi iiuiauu iur uxuuy. of the places which we pass, such as 'Paddy's Sugarloaf,' the 'Glue Pot,' ' Vinegar Hill, etc., etc.r After an hour's pleasant ride through an undulating coun try, we come to the Yale of Belvoir j truly a lovely spot is this valley, bounded on either sides by Bond's Peak and the Black Bluff. The vale is about seven miles long hy two wide, and in its centre there lis a small lake, the waters of which flow into 'two streams running in opposite directions, for while one of these streams is the head -waters of the Pieman that empties' -into the Southern Ocean on the West the ? River Forth, whose waters run into Bass' Straits. The ascent of the -Black Bluff from the Vale is somewhat difficult; \- for horsemen, at least we think bo, until one of the stockmen draws our. attention to ?wheel tracks, and informs us that, once a . yewc he brings a bullock dray load of ? rations across the Bluff at this point: -Beaching the summit we give our .hoi sea a spell while we admire the panoramic view of mountains, which rise on all sides of us. Away' to the south the Cradle mighty in its rugged grandeur towers above all others, and on the right of it is the Barren Bluff, on ?whose precipitous sides no verdure growsi rDown to the south-west is a terrible gorge) on the one side of which the twin moun tains Remus and Romulus rise above the \- dense forest of horizontal, and on the other : side may be seen Mounts Crips,' Charter; ..and Black, while far away on the horizon a .glimpse can be obtained of the Eldon Kanges. The sight of these mountains recalls to mind former trips through bush . and bramble, for in the nomadic life which I have led for the last 10 years there are hut few places, however remote, between rthe east and west coasts of the colony but ?where I have-seen the sun rise or set. Turning to the North-West we can see ? St.. . Valentine's Peak, on to which the ^'WD.Tii flnmnftnv'n anrvAvnr fMV TTollvftrN ;' climbed on the 14th February, 1836, in' . order to obtain a view of the country which his employers were then selecting. Poor Hellyer's end was a tragic one, ? and he sleeps in the' Stanley cemetery beneath the -shadows of the Nut. Far away in the dis tance we can see the far-famed Bischoff, ?.??with the face of the workings just show -ing. How many have seen this hill from ?the. clear country of Surrey Hills in years gone by without ever. dreaming of the princely fortune that was within their grasp, and doubtless there are other mountains of mineral wealth within our island home, lying dormant until some pro spector with the indomitable pluck of a 'Philosopher' Smith, penetrates their forest fastness, and reveals their wealth. The ride down the western slope of the bluff is beset with many difficulties, for the omtoE grass is very Doggy in places, ana one runs considerable risk of coming a ?'cropper.' .From the foot of the hill the track leads through bad country until the Leven huts are reached. W-3 find the huts teaantless, - fo? . . they ? are ?only used when tha stockmen are -gather- i ing cattle in that' locality, ? or- when some benighted traveller seeks-' their friendly shelter. Here we unsaddle 'our horses and boil the billy and partake of \- Johnny cake and fried bacon, after which ? 'we enjoy a smoke and listen with rapt ; at tention to the political views of one ofithe : stockmen,- who tells us that ho shoulcMike ? to enter Parliament,* if only for one- session. Well.Idon't know if-everthis worthy! ami \- iation ottos jwill be gratifiedj'.but - .ahould;it come to pass he will' not' be ? dubbed' . the silent member. . , ? ,, ' ' ',, 1 i : From the Seven Huts to the Racecourse! is a distance of atioufc eight miles through, comparatively open country, the principal undergrowth being waratah and ? pepper tree,' the former in full bloom, and its' bright red blossom may be seen for miles. Many on aid man kangaroo crosses our path, but the dogs fail to catch one of .them. -My friend has a bulldog revolver, but it is more ornamental than useful, and as the day .draws near a close our chances ? of kangaroo steamer grows beautifully less, ,and the owners of dogs and revolver come in for a good deal of chaff, all of which, I am happy to say, they take in good part. The sun is low in the west, when we ride up to a most dilapidated looking hut, built on the borders of a myrtle scrub. This hut, like those at the Leven, is tenantless, and there is a settled gloom about the place that has a most de pressing effect, and one could easily imagine the ghost of some former hut keeper haunting the place, and this im pression is in no way removed when sitting round the fire at night the stockmen . relate sensational stories of men who mysteriously disappeared in this locality in days o£ old. But nothing of the supernatural disturb our Bhunbers, and we sleep soundly in the old hut until the voice of the black jay— earliest of Austra lian birds — is heard, and a faint groy light steals through 'the many, crevices in the roof, and reminds us that night has passed and another day has dawned upon the world. , ' 