The Brisbane Courier TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1889. THE conflicting statements that have reached us explanatory of the death of Archduke Rudolph, Crown Prince of Austria, and the strenuous efforts made to mislead the public, form an impressive illustration of the difficulty which must have beset the ascertainment of facts in the good old times when princes were every- thing, and when there were neither tele- grams nor newspapers. Within the last few days no fewer than eight different ac- counts of the Archduke's death have been cabled ; and while the fertility of invention which has originated these may yet send us others, we venture to comment on them at this stage because we believe that already the truth has been told. Of these eight accounts three are official, the first two being first thrown out in he desperate hope of concealing the actual facts, and the third an enforced but only partial acknowledgment of what we are told to accept as truth with eager but clumsily contrived extenuations. Taken utterly by surprise on the morning of the 30th January by the news that the Archduke had been found dead, and made thoroughly aware at the same time that the facts of the case would not bear inspection, the Court officials announced immediately that he had died from apoplexy—that form of demise offering the readiest refuge as an explanation of death in the case of a man who may have been supposed to have lived well if not riotously. Finding, however, that the apoplexy story was not believed, and that heart disease had been suggested somehow as a probable cause of death, it was resolved to amend the statement, and to give it this time a greater air of verisimilitude by putting it out as the result of a post-mortem examination. It is scarcely conceivable that medical men would be found ready to prostitute their profession to the propagation of a public swindle ; but if we may trust our cablegrams it is a fact that the court physicians (as we presume) announced as the result of a post- mortem examination that the Crown Prince had died from "a shock resulting in paralysis of the heart, the predisposing cause being rheumatism." Very speedily it was found that official invention could not rest even here. Rumours had been current from the first that the Prince had been killed by a shot wound ; but so long as these might be explained by the circum- stance that he had died at a shooting lodge, and surrounded by sporting guests, they were officially ignored. More and more, however, they assumed a shape which could not be so explained. Gradually the shooting accident theory gave place to the progressive stories that he had been deliberately shot through the heart by some person unknown from motives of jealousy, that the shot had been fired by the husband of a lady whom he had dishonoured, that it had been fired by an employé who afterwards committed suicide, and finally that he had himself committed suicide, and from the most discreditable motives. It was found necessary to amend the twice-told tale—the post-mortem farce notwithstanding—and this time the Court reluctantly recognised the fact that to tell further falsehoods, as to the immediate cause of death would only be to drag itself and the memory of the deceased deeper into the mire. Certain letters found in the Prince's room cotdd not be got over. Suicide waa therefore admitted ; but this surely might be softened down by concealment and invention, without opposition from these intolerable newspapers. Accord- ingly in Monday's issue we reported, under date of 2nd February, an ollicial admission of the suicide, placing the shot not in the heart at all but in the right temple ; making no reference of course to any discreditable motive, but accounting for the deed by a morbid condition of mind, nervous excitement (the result of a fall from his horse), the use of morphia, and even temporary insanity. Very odd that no reference should be made to incipient apoplexy or to the heart disease and rheuma- tism discovered on the post-mortem exami- nation-but let that pass. What is still more odd is that the Emperor, or his advisers, instead of apologising for the lies they had already told and which by their third statement they liad acknowledged to be lies, take credit to themselves for "allowing" so much of the truth to be known, and for allowing it not because it was the truth but because it was inconvenient not to allow it. "Owing," it is stated, "to the painful rnmonra that had got abroad, the Emperor Francis Joseph allowed the details of the suicide of the Crown Prince to be pub- lished," We .very much fear that even this gracious condescension will not meet with its reward. People may accept the suicide and reject the well-meant explanation of it. Certain ugly facts yet remain to be got over. Tt is well known that Rudolph's rela- tions with the Princess Stephanie have not been happy, and that lately there has been talk of a separation. And the rumours attending on the suicide, whether them- selves in strict accordance with faot is of little consequence, point too surely to the cause. The story of the shot through jealousy, of the shot from the husband of a paramour, of the duel offered by the insulted brother of A dishonoured Princess as an alternative to suicide-and in which, by the way, ac- I cording to one story, Priuce Rudolph fell the very fact that it should be possible to tell and to believe auch things of this un- happy Prince put his actual character beyond a doubt, and furnish with equal certainty the root explanation of the suicide, if suicide it be. AU this is con- firmed by the statement of the Times that "he had a violent and painful interview with the Emperor and Princesa Stephanie before starting for Meyer-ing, where his death took place." We gee no escape from the conclusion of that paper that the scandal (or the difficulties) produced by his discreditable intrigues made the motive which prompted Prince Rudolph's death, by whichsoever hand it was accomplished. It ia stories like these which shake a people's faith in hereditary monarchy or in monarchy of any kind. How could a ruler of the atamp of the late Crown Prince of Austria be " a terror to evil doers and a praise to them that dowell?" Nor do the fraudulent efforts of the royal family to hide tlie facts, and their claim to deal with them as they, please, augur better for the morals of the survivors and of the new successor to the throne. Their trouble is obviously, not that such things should be done, but that tliey should be found out. All this is but another proof that the possession of wealth and power, especially if hereditary and irresponsible-as it practi-' cally ia in Austria- ia a sword which cuts against ¡t3 possessor as well aa the people ovor whom he rules. Scenes like these have become impossible in England, not only on account of the life of our pre- sent sovereign, but because of the thoroughness with which government ¡B brought into touch with the country by its Parliamentary representa- tion. The morals of prince and people will always act and react upon each other. Eut moral influence as well as political power lies with the first under a monarchy, and with tlie second under a democracy. The American people do not take their morals from the White House so much na the White House does from the 'people. And the same balance of power practically holds with ourselves. Our rulers aro Avhat we make them, much more than we are what our rulers make us. And we shall rise or fall in every virtue, and in all true pros- perity, in proportion as we realise this fact and the responsibility attaching to it in our elections of representatives, whether Parlia- mentary or municipal. SPIRITS are strange things. We refer neither to the bottle ¡mp nor the table rap- per. Hygienic reasons forbid intimacy with the former, self-respect anil common-sense with the latter. With the eccentricities of a ghostly world it is idle to interfere. It may or may not be true that Sheri dan's spirit when called up, refused to leave the room until supplied with a glass of claret. Had it demanded brandy and water, proof of identification would have been more complete. So with an illustrious and local celebrity. We care not whether Sir Henry Parkes saw the Kiama ghost or his own hirsute horrors. If that familiar could tell him if Dibbs will get a majority it would be more to the purpose. Of itself we do not object to a spirit willing to be paid like a printer at per thousand of accomplished predictions, A little revela- tion on the geologic enigmas of Taranganba would be acceptable. So long, however, as spirits employ the phonetic orthography of uneducated mediums we shall question their claims to confidence. Tt is record that David said, in his haste, that all mon are liars. He might on leisurely reflection havo extended the appli- cation of his remark to spirits, That dainty " sprite " Ariel ia particularly open to censure. The completion of his self imposed task of putting a girdle round the earth in forty minutes seems to serve small purpose other than mendacity. Tele- graphic advices are very costly. In this age of hurry they are essential. They should crystallise the passing features of the hour, and form a curt historical summary of events from day to day. As it is they create cynical incredulity and lend an air of absurdity to the columns of the daily Press, Owing to distributive necessities the errors originating from a common source are widely disseminated. The journal which legitimately pays for information is no more free than that which unblushingly pilfers from poverty or deficient moral sensibility. The public, nine-tenths of which prefers its opinions daily purveyed like its provisions, finds itself in a state of painful incertitude. The student of Hume or Gibbon lias his faith shocked in the past, when the present involves snell contradictions. No subject-matter touched, however grave or trilling, is free from distortion. The spirit of mischief clings to the cables, and invests each message with capricious dis cord. Take any day's issue of any paper, and the truth of this contention is unhap- pily too perceptible. Here are a few in- stances culled, like the news to which they refer, at haphazard. On telegraphic bulls no pastoral authority is equal to that of Ireland. Big type is employed to state that "O'Brien was stripped and shaved" after his arrest at Manchester, He was, we are told in smaller letters, employed, per- haps, to signify the degree of credence to be attached to the story, at once conveyed to the gaol, where lie was forcibly stripped of his own clothing, shaved, and elad in prison attire. He made, it is added, desperate resistance, with the result that his clothes were torn to shreds and he wa» so much exhausted by the struggle that he fainted. For what a waste of honest indigna- tion are these words responsible. Whatever may be one's proclivities, impartial men claim for political offenders treatment different from that accorded to members of the predatory criminal class. But a modest two-line paragraph exhibits Mr. O'Brien's good sense, though it destroys the sen- sational embroidery of the telegraphic romancist. In this addendum we are told that " Mr. O'Brien has offered no resistance to being shaved and having his hair cut short." Tt may be said there can be no con- currence of opinion in anything connected with Ireland. The brutal hand of Balfour has gagged the throat of the Press," and she can only utter incoherent cries for mercy. Let us go then to Austria, the embodiment of a bureaucratically ruled state, where everything, from a poodle's collar to a poli-. tical manifesto, has to be affiehéd by authority, and a journalist no more dare utter tin unstamped opinion than publicly doubt the theory of divine right. A momentous event affeetin. the heir of i the empire, involving in fact his death, and an alteration of the succession to the Throne, has taken place. Surely here was no opening for tampering with great truths. The position of the parties concerned, the gravities of the issue, natural curiosity, prompted, one would fancy, care, yet what is the result ? Three discordant, divergent statements, and each with ita variants, as pointed out in our previous article, of which two at least must be lies. We have in Samoa an episode which re- calls the adventures of Midshipman Easy, no less than a triangular duel between England, America, and Germany. So far the natives have been the chief sufferers, but the diplomatic correspondence of the three Great Powers is rapidly assuming a phase of combustiveness which may at any moment lead to an ex- plosion. The telegrams on this matter would be laughable were not our connection with the result so close. At one moment the American Bayard confronts Bismarck, like his namesake, "sans peur et .ians reproche" the Stars and Stripes have been trailed through the dust, while a pot shot has been made at the captain of H.M.S. Royalist by a marine TJhlan. Those in the secret of telegraphic construction perfectly well know the origin of all these toyings with naked truth. The public has been educated to sensationalism. Supply has followed demand. If the readers of a popular journal demanded a telegraphic summary of the opinions expressed by the man in tho moon, some enterprising collaborateur would spring lip to supply the want of lunatical literary pabulum to the lunatics clamouring for it. The cost of ocean telegraphy, in money and time, is so great that both are minimised, not only by symbolic codes, but also by what can best be described as imaginative elabo- ration. There are in the telegraphic centres of Europe specialists who from a word, a phrase, a geographical identification, nay, from the depths of an inner consciousness, evolve authoritative announcements whicli serve now no pur- pose but to evoke languid incredulity and extract heavy cheques from newspaper pro- prietors. There are also intelligences false and true, dispersed for political, financial, and social reasons ; over these the jour- nalist has no control. He supplies the beHt article he can obtain. The point, in these days of rapid action, is, that the power of withholding correct, and publishing through impartial channels false information, involves great danger. A proud sensitive people can readily have their passions excited and international jealousies fanned by au art- fully worded telegram, unsuspiciously accepted as a text for indictment. It was Beuedetti's message from Ems that lashed the French journalists into unreasoning rancour, and drove reluctant Napoleon to Wilhelnishülie instead of Berlin. It may be the misfortune of this country to sufl'er from a similar cause, since it must be con- fessed, on the principle that " he jests at sears who never felt a wound," our blood is apt to run riot at any obstacle to petulant demands which, should the desire prompt, are easily made to assume an insolent wording. It is somewhat disheartening to have to confess that such hazard as may exist is somewhat minimised by the cynical incredulity to which we have al- luded, and it is to be hoped that the tfia cretionary excision it is often feasible to exercise upon local topics may in time be safely extended or rendered unnecessary in those items of importance which incur the danger of fomenting national irritation. In the meantime, though perhaps not ao exclu- sively, we, Hue our neighbours, remain in the hands of the spirits, electric or other- wise. TOR appeal to the constituencies of New South Wales has its peculiarities. Dibbs, foisted into office by a fluke, opposes Parkes fighting a lone hand. As the " salmo salar," tortured by parasites, seeks the sea, so Parkes, to get rid of official encum- brances, left the safe anchorage of otlicp to throw liimself into the cleansing if turbulent ocean of public opinion. A leader who relinquished leader- ship in a moment of pique, confronts a leader rejected in the moment of victory. But leaders or no leaders, the issues before the country are plain. Protection or free trade are the standards underneath which the contending parties combat, and it is a long time since a political struggle in the mother colony evoked such a hearty contest. Sixty seven electoral battles have practically been fought. Th^fcy-seven of these have been won by Free-traders and thirty by Pro- tectionists. The polling was unusually heavy, the majorities recorded but trifling. In the centres of intelligence the Free-traders scored an undoubted victory, in the country constituencies they met with a cor- responding defeat. Twenty new men have entereel the portals of political life. Eight of the twenty are Protectionists, including AV". H. Traill, the only one of that party heading the poll of a metropolitan con- stituency, and the late Commissioner of Railways, Goodchap, who got in on the solid vote of the railway employes, whose action has no political import, but is simply an expression of resentment against reductions effected in the service by the recently- appointed Commissioners. Sir Henry Parkes beadell the list of successful candidates at Bedfern, Mr. Dibbs, the leader of the Protectionist party and present Ministry, was placed second on the roll for the wide pastoral reaches of the Murrumbidgee. It is in- teresting to contrast the conduct of the late general election in Queensland with that evinced in the current New South Wales struggle. By some crass stupidity or egotistic confidence, the Griffith party of this colony included six constituencies for which they had no candidate in the first batch. In sporting metaphor, this incon- ceivable folly looked very much like riding for a fall. It at any rate resulted in one of unmistakable severity. Mr. Dibbs, neither so confident nor so un- mindful of the prestige of first success, made a legitimate use of his authority to control the sequence of the electoral campaign and adopted a policy precisely opposite to that pursued by Sir S. W. Griffith. Dibbs wisely placed in the forefront of the battle a selection of safe Protectionist seats, and thus sured in the preliminary skirmish a de- cided lead for his party. But the great fight commenced only "on Saturday last, when the doubtful seats were assaulted by candidates of each shade of opinion, and the combatants met under somewhat equal conditions. Fifty-two members had to be returned. The Free- traders had not only to destroy the moral effect of the uncon tested seats won by the Protectionists, but had also to win at the second series of pollings a majority sufficient to deter mine the issue of the general result, Perhaps they have not quite done this, but they have, at any rate, not only equalised the thirteen unopposed members returned in the protection interest but have gained to date a majority of seven in the total number of electious determined. One unhappy feature threatens to acerbate the struggle. Sectarianism looms large, and the exigencies of the combat are calling upon reserves of religious antagonism. Should such unfortunate elements attain unchecked sway deplorable consequences must follow, before which even the cardinal distinctions of free-trade or protectionism are of small import. As is usual, while both sides deprecate the introduction of the religious element each accuses the other of being the first to invoke its assistance, The relations resulting from close political conflict are sufficiently acrid without embittering them by so fruitful a cause of discord as sectarian pugnacity. The issues of free-trade and protection are defined with quite enough clearness to form a fair platform of dispute. They are topics which long have and long will exercise the argumentative ability of impartial advocates. The United States have adopted protection on one side of the Atlantic ; England has pinned her faith to free- trade on the other. Both ad- vance strong reasons to justify -their Íiractice, and both find imitative ad terents in this country. Victoria is Pro- tectionist, Queensland practises the creed in a modified form. New South Wales hitherto has been a stanch exemplar of free-trade. Should the result of the present appeal to the constituencies involve a depar- ture from practice to this date, con- siderations will arise affecting this colony which may be treated when the verdict is delivered. The Free-traders are fighting their battle under great diffi- culties. They have to contend not only against the advantages with which any Government enters upon such a contest but also against the disorganisation of their own forces. Mobility and strategic employ- ment of strength, in the quarter where its greatest effect can be pro- duced, are no less important in an electoral than a military campaign. It says much, therefore, for the innate resources of a combative element that, deprived of a recognised leader or a well-considered plan of operations, it has not only so far held its own but has wrested no unimportant measure of success from its opponent. The ninth section of the Central Railway, for which tenders are now called, will be 6i miles 63 chains 9 links in length. It will start at the pog 300 miles 51 chains 29 links from Rockhampton, and finish at the township of Longreach on the Thomson River. The route will bo in a straight line for about thirty-five miles as far as the 401-mile peg, which, together with the straight line from Barcaldine already constructed, although not opened for traffic, will be the longest straight line of rail- way in the colony. From this point the line will take a slight northerly bend, and then go straight on to the Longreach terminal station at the 424.1/2-mile peg. There will be two stations between the starting point and Longreach. Tho first will be at Saltern Creek (8 miles) close to which a bore has been lately sunk 978ft. deep, giving an out- flow of 715 gallons per hour. The second will be at Wellshot, near which the Hydraulio De- partment have put down a hore 1200ft., with- out, as yet, striking water. The Longreaoh station is situated on the main stock road at the northern end of the town, abutting on Eagle stroot, the principal thoroughfare. It is one milo from Black Gin Creek, where there is a good supply of water except at times in the dry season, and about two and a-half miles from the Long Waterhole on the Thomson River. This hole, which contains a permanent supply of water, is about six miles long, one and a-half chain wide, and 30ft. deep. The water supply for the railway will be obtained from this by pumping it by means of pipes into the tanks at the stand. Forest Grove and the Westland station are about twenty miles dis- tant. The line parses through the well-known Saltern Creek, Wellshot, and Mount Cornish runs. The country generally is open rolling downs, with patches of Gidya scrub. The earth- works and gradients are easy, while there are no difficult creeks to cross. The principal traffic will be wool, hides, and station stores. The election of aldermen to fill vacancies on the Brisbane Municipal Council takes place to-day, the candidates being :-For the East Ward-Lewis Phillips and Richard Southall ; North Ward-Abram Robertson Byram, John Allsworth Clark, John Joseph Lovekin, and James Campbell Moffat; Valley Ward Thomas Farry and John Daniel Heal. The returning-officer (Lieutenant-Colonel J. H. Adams) was busily employed yesterday in making the necessary arrangements at the polling-booths. The following are the names of the presiding officers ap- pointed, and the booths at which they will be located :-East Ward : Mr. Blakiston Robin- son, at 84 Edward-street, the premises lately occupied by Mr. R. G. Barnett ; North Ward : Messrs G. Wride and David Love, at the Col legiate School ; Valley Ward : Messrs. James Lloyd and George Harden, at the Valley Hall, Wickham-Street. The declaration of the poll will probably be made at the Town Hall at about 6 o'clock. The polling for the election of three aldermen for the North Ward of the Sandgate borough will take place to-day. The candidates are Walter Barrett, George F. Buck, Martin Quinlan, and Roger H. Sheaffe. For the twelve seats in the South Brisbane Municipal Council-three in each of the four wards into which the borough has been divided recently-there are twenty-two candidates ; and the polling will take place to-day between the hours of 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. The candidates are:-For No. 1 Ward, Messrs. J. Drake, J. Hardgrave, T. Lee, A. Morry, T. Nott, N. W. Raven, H. Stanton, and J. Webb; No. 2 Ward, T. Heaslop, A. F. Luya, T. Scanlan, and W. Stephens ; No. 3 Ward, G. H. Blocksidge, T. W. Caswell, H. Lose, J. F. Oberthur, and J. Willard. No. 4 Ward, J. Ballantyne, J. Booth, W. Jones, J. Kennedy, and A. Midson.. In addition to the municipal elections taking place to-day, representatives of the following shire councils around the city will also be chosen :-Ithaca (three vacancies)-Nomina- tions : William Isaao Boys, George Horsfall, sen., Alexander M'Lean, William M'C. Park, James Scott, Benjamin Woodcock, as coun- cillors ; and J. G. Keith, S. E. Lintern, W. T. Reid, Blakiston Robinson, as auditors. Toowong (three vacancies) - Nominations : WilliamVDraperBox, William Kellett, William II. Knowles, jun., John G. M'Nab, Newman Sapsford. Windsor (three vacancies)-Nomi- nations: Candidates, Thomas Daw, Thomas Dillon, John M'Intyre, Henry Powell, James Scott, John F. Smith. Another very successful meeting of the No. 1 Brisbane (Mother) Lodge, R.A.O.B., Surrey Banner, was held last night at the Oxford Hotel, Primo A. H. Carr in the chair, Bro. Hardy, CM. The usual business, consisting of a large amount of correspondence relative to the business affairs of the lodge, having been disposed of, the brothers, to the number of twenty, devoted the rest of the evening ta harmony. A meeting of the Queensland Commissionerc for the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition wa» held yesterday afternoon at the old Immurra* tion Depot, William-street, when there were present, Messrs. C. W. De Vis, M.A. (pre- siding), F. M. Bailey, F.L.S., and P. R. Gordon. Owing to the absence of the chair- man the confirmation of the minutes and other business was held over. Accounts to the amount of £22 5s. 7d. were passed for payment. Mr. De Vis said with regard to the returning of the exhibits that the A.U.S.N. Company were willing to bring them back at half-price. They could not make any further reduction in consequence of the matter partly resting with Messrs. Howard Smith and Son. After a discussion it was de- cided to communicate with Mr. Fenwick, asking him to endeavour to make arrangements in Melbourne to get the exhibits returned free of cost. Mr. Jacob Kircher, of Warwick, wrote, stating that as his exhibit of six dozen of wine was not suitable for the museum, he begged to present it to the commissioners. Mr. De Vis said this was the only thing the commissioners had got up to the present out of the whole business. Mr. Bailey said that was so, and even the trip they were promised down the Bay they did not get. Some correspondence of an unimportant character having been dealt with, the meeting closed. The annual general meeting of the Brisbane Gymnasium to be held this evening promises J to be a success, so far as interest in the insti- tution is ooncernod. The meeting is the first of the kind held in the new building, and from the report we gather that the progress made has been most marked during the twelve months. On leaving the old rooms in Ann- . street, the committee wore put to heavier ex peases than they had anticipated, both in the erection of old apparatus and purohaBe of new, but it is satisfactory to learn that, after paying all initial expenses and other heavy items during the year, the balance-sheet Bhows a clear profit of £'ii. This sum has been trans- ferred to the building acoount, reducing the defioit on that fund. The committee feel sure that they will ho enabled to pay off the full debt during the next year or so. Friends and otliors interested aro cordially invited, the committee being anxious that ladies should i also he present. The Hon. A. J. Thynno has very kindly consented to take the chair. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Bris- | bane Municipal Council was held in the Council Chambers yesterday. The business was of a rather varied character. The half-yearly state- ment of the account» of tho council was laid on the table and adopted, and Alderman AVarry took the opportunity of making a short address prior to his retirement from municipal life, in which he thanked his brother aldermen for the uniform kindness they had shown him during the six years he had been a member of the council. A vote of thanks was accorded to the mayor for the services he had rendered the rouncil during the twelve months he had occu- pied the office, and his worship made a suitable response. On Friday last Mr. Hodgkinson, M.L.A., and the president of the Croydon Hospital committee, Mr. W. G. Clark, waited «pon the , Colonial Secretary to ask assistance towards the I maintenance of that institution. Suoh good reasons were urged by Mr. Clark that tho Minister promised to give the matter his host consideration and to return an answer on Mon- day. Fortunately the charitable allowances vote was in such a Btate that it was possible to meet the urgent demands of the Croydon Hos- pital, and £1)00 will be made available to tho committee almost immediately. But for this timely assistance it would probably have boen necessary to close the hospital, which would have been a great calamity to the district. The stato of the Enoggera and Gold Creek reservoirs was given yesterday morning as 9ft. oin. and 24ft. below the by-wash respectively. Ata meetingof the Waterworks Board yesterday the question of curtailing the supply was con- sidered at length. Nothing definite, however, was decided upon, but it was considered that unless rain fell withiu the next two weeks the low condition of the reservoirs would justify the hoard in taking extreme measores to pre- vent the too lavish use of water. The Minister for Lands has received a re- port dated lüth January from Mr. A. Donaldson, superintendent ot the rabbit fence, shewing that the searoh for rabbits had been continued on the Currawinya, Caiworroo, and Boorara stations, but notwithstanding the fact that the camps were moved several timos, only two rabbits were caught. These wore caught on the Boorara station fifty milos north of the nearest portion of the rabbit fence. Mr. Donaldson thinks the dry season is prevent- ing the increase in the number of rabbits which appear to betravelhngnorthtonorth-west. The eastern «xtension of the rabbit fonco from the junction with the New South AVales fence to Mungindi has been greatly delayed owing to the difficulty of gptting the material from the railway stations to the border, also acoount of the severe drought and bush fires in that part of the country. The contractors are unable to obtain water, while the bush fires have destroyed all the horse-feed. The work on the western extension of the South Aus- tralian border has been delayed by similar causes. The necessity for a close sanitary inspection of the dairies from which the city milk supplies are drawn has on more than one occasion been urged on tho notice of the authorities. Atten- tion has recently been directed in England to the fact that tuberculosis can be communicated to children through the milk of cows suffering from that disease, and in a paper read before the late Medical Congress in Melbourne Dr. M'Lanrin gave it as his opinion that the human subject was liable to contract consump- tion from eating the flesh of tuberoulous cattle. On Friday last, Dr. Germont, one of M. Pas- teur's representatives, accompanied by the Chief Inspector of Stock, visited a farm in the Broadwater district, some ten miles from town, with the intention of procuring some virus of pleuro-pneumonia from a . bull whioh was reported to the chief inspector to be suffer- ing from that disease. Immediately on Beeing the animal Dr. Germont pronounced the disease to be tuberculosis, and the correctness of his diagnosis was fully corroborated on the animal being slaughtered. The lungs, liver, pleura», and the glands generally were found to be one mass of tubercles, while the stomach was literally alive with parasites known as Amplmtoma conicum. The reason special attention is directed to this case is that the animal was a bull 10 or 11 years of age, and being in such an advanced stage of the"disease he must have been suffering from it for years. He must also be the sire of a nume- rous family in the district, and as tuberculosis is-above all diseases-hereditary, it is but reasonable to assume that a consider- able percentage of the female cattle in the district are tainted with the disease. It would be interesting to know how many of the cows that supply milk to Brisbane and the suburbs are the offspring of this bull or of his progeny, the whole of which must be hereditarily tainted with the disease. The secretary to the Sngar Commission telegraphed from Townsville yesterday as fol- lows :-"The commissioners left for the Burdekin at 5.30 this morning. They proceed by railway to Woodstock, taking buggy horses with them, and they will then drive thirty seven miles to the Pioneer Plantation. They will be met at Woodstock by Mr. M'Kenrie, . >f Seaforth, who has arranged the programme in connection with their visit. The commis- sioners expect to return to Townsville on Thursday." Owners desiring to nominate their horses for the, principal handicaps to b« ron in connection I with the Glen Innes annual meeting on the 3 9th and 20th March next must not forgot that entries close to-day (Tuesday). Some idea of the extent of the municipal in- spectors' duties, and the amount of work under- taken by Mr. R. Lee Bryce, may bo obtained from the following statistics for 18SS : Nuisances abated, 4C19 ; visits to dairies within the city bounds, 1539 ; night visits to common lodging-houses, GS2 ; visits to Chinese quarters, 1722; notices issued, 1149; permits issued, 310 ; weights and measures tested, 5814 ; loaves of bread weighed, 2180; articles of fooel de- stroyed (potatoes, vegetables, fish, fruit, and meat), 177 tons ; informations laid for offences, 1G9 (of this number 9G were withdrawn by order of the mayor) ; and visits to butchers', fish, and oyster shops, 5380. Among the sum- monses dismissed by the local benoh of magis- trates were those against the Salvation Army for playing musical instruments in the public streets. A very pleasant onting was spent on Satur- day afternoon by the members of the New Farm Cricket Club. The committee had en- gaged the steamer Undine, but as the repairs to that boat had not been completed, tlie steamer Sir Charles Cowper was substituted. A start was made at 2 o'clock from Campbell's wharf, and tha vessel proceeded down the Bay as far as tlie Pile Lighthouse. The weather was all that could be desired, it being beautifully cool on the water. Refreshments had been pro- vided by tlio committee, and the members all enjoyed themselves, and expressed a wish that it might not be the last of the pleasant gather- ings of the olub. Town was roaohed at G.30 o'clock. We understand that the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, of the Cairns Memorial Church, Melbourne, has signifiod his acceptance of the caU from the Wiokham-terraco Presbyterian Church. Mr. Buchanan is expected in Brisbane next month. The Rev. Herbert Guinness, late reotor of Trinity Chiu'oh, Fortitude Valley, who has accepted the charge of Seven Hills, near Par- ramatta, was at the meeting of the parishoners last night presented with a purse of sovereigns and an address. He was also made the reci- pient of a writing desk from tho Young Men's Improvement Class. Gifts were presented to Mrs. and Miss Guinness by the ladies of the parish and the teachers in the Sunday school. With reference to certain remarks made by Captain Strachan in his work, " Explorations and adventures in New Guinea," reflecting on Mr. Douglas, the late Special Commissioner for British New Guinea, wo havo authority for stating that the publishers of that work, Messrs. Sampson, Low, and Marston, havo repudiated Captain Rtrachan's statements, and expressed their regret that it was by inadvertence alone that such remarks were allowed to appear in the book, and that they hare now cancelled them. Wo understand that the edition con- taining the remarks referred to has been with- drawn from circulation, and a new one has been issued. Messrs. J. C. Ham and J. S. Johnston have been declared elected as auditors for the Bal- moral Divisional Board for the onsuing twelve montliB, the polling being-Ham, 8,3; John- ston, 80; and Abell, 41!. In our leader yesterday on municipal affairs reference was made to an expression used by Mr. John Kennedy in his speech to the South Brisbano electors. He is correctly reported to have stated that when the accounts for the Victoria Bridge repairs came in " the trouble would begin." Mr. Kennedy assures us that he anticipates no trouble between the North and South Brisbane Corporations, but only trouble between them on the one side and the contractor for the bridge repairs on the other. Our Charleville correspondent in his letter in- quires whether thoro is any truth in the report that a trial survey of a proposed railway be- tween Charleville and Cunnamulla is to be made. From inquiries at the Chief Engineer's oflioo, we learn that no instructions have been received to make snell a survey. The report probably originated from the fact than an in- dividual who was once in the employ of tlie de- partment applied for a railway pass to Charle- ville, which was granted on account of his being out of employment. While, there he put up at an hotel representing that he was one of a survey party who wore coming to make a trial Biirvey for a railway from Charleville to Cunna- mulla. On the strength of this representation he was allowed to run up a Booro at the hotel, but he disappeared suddenly without sottlingit. At the South Brisbane Police Court yesterday morning, before MoBsrs. T. Weedon and W. U. Chancellor, J.I.P., F. T. Hill, charged with disorderly conduct in Stanley -street on Satur- day, was fined £2 or forty-eight hours' im- prisonment.-Alex. Chisholm, for inciting Hill to resist arrest, waa fined £2 -James Dawson, for illegally obtaining a passago from Sydney to Brisbane by the Derwent, was ordered to pay the amount of the faro. -Thomas Crowe, charged with disorderly conduct in Grey-street, and also with resisting tho police, pleaded guilty, and was fined for the disorderly conduct £1 or seven days, and for resistance 40s. or fourteen days.-Charles Cunningham was also fined £1 or seven days for disorderly conduct.-Patrick Finnell, on bail, was charged with drunkenness in Grey-street, and with resisting the police. For being drunk, ho was fined 10s. or twenty-four hours, and for the resistance 20B. or seven days' imprisonment. Jessie Thompson was charged with having no lawful visible means of support. Constable Slattery stated that the defendant generally Blept in the Musgravo Park, and was knocking about the streets at all hours. Thtnoipson was remanded till Friday. Margaret Queeley was also charged with having no visible means of support, and was remanded till Friday to allow witnesses to appear. The following lands will be thrown open for selection on the 1st April :-Land Act of 1884, 44th section, Brisbane district: Two agricul- tural farms in the parish of Stapylton, of 040 acres, being subdivisions of forfeited selection No. 4430 ; also ten agricultural farms in the parish of Telemon, ranging in area from 40 to 44 acres each, being the land comprised' in the cancelled timber reserve at Widgee Creek. Condamine district : Four agricultural farms of 1280 acres each on the ex- cised portion of the Condamine town reserve. Mackay district : Three agricultural farms of ICO acres each, in the parish of Hamilton, on the resumed part of the Hamilton and Hope- town runs. Rockhampton district : Two agri- cultural farms m the parish of San Josf, 87 acres and 1G0 acres respectively. Inglewood district : One grazing farm of 3700 acres, in parish of Gunyan. Bowen district: Nine grazing farms, seven in the parish of Glenavon, ranging in area from 2700 to 4300 acres, and two in the parish of Dargin, 2700 and 3000 acres respectively. Charleville district : Three grazing farms, two in the parish of Querundi, of 5000 acres each, and one in the parish of Glengarry of 5C00 acres on the resumed part of Gowrie mu. Lands Amendment Act, 1885, Beenleigh dis- trict : Tlie unaurveyed lands in tlie parishes of Nerang, Witheren, Albert, Boyd, Pimpama, Barrow, Cedar, Gilston, Mudgeeraba, and Tallebudgera are to be reopened to selection on the amended scale of survey fees. Mr. Philip C._ Baines announces that he is prepared to give instruction in light-line shorthand writing, a system for which con« siderable advantages are claimed. So far as can be learned from a circular on the subject, the system appears to bo very similar to Munson's, "r the American system. The circular contains the testimony of many per- sons as to the excellence of the form of short- hand Mr. Baines offers to teach. A cricket match between the Flagstone and Beaudesert clubs was played at Beaudesert on Saturday last. In the first and second innings of the home team the scores were: M. S. Smith 12 and 0, Clay 2 and 0 not out, Geary 7 and 1, Scott 0 and -1, F,. Brown 1 and 0, ,T. Lahey, G and 2, F. Brosvn 3 not out and 11, Murrill 1 and 4, Gallagher 0 and 0, Haygarth 2 and S, Hugouin 0 and 35. oxtras 3 and 1 ; grand total, 103. Flagstone, first innings, AV. Barnes 1, J. "verdell (5, .T. Barnes 1, AV. E. Walker 1, A. S. Gordon 0, S. Harrison 2, B. Barnes 0, F. Shaw 2, AV. Harrison S, G. Dennis 2, W. Dennis 0 not out, extras 3 ; total, 35\. Second innings, W. Dennis IG not out, W. Barnes-8 not out, extras 1 ; total, 25 for no wickets. Time would not allow the match to be played out, and Beaudesert therefore won on the first innings by 2 runs. As showing the great necessity that exists for a lockup in South Brisbane a correspon- dent writes :-It is too much to ask any constable to drag a drunkon and disorderly person all the way from auy part of Woolloon- gabba or South Brisbane to Flizabeth-street lookup. Yet the police have to do it. An incident of this sort occurred last evening oppo- site the Woolloongabba Hotel, when Constable Power, a young, exemplary, and most forbear- ing policeman, was obliged to arrest a half drunken man for obscene language and disor- derly conduct. A orowd gathered, and bnt for tho tact of Sergeant Stratan it would have been most difficult to get the prisoner to Elizabeth street. Disinfecting Spice Sticks, which, when lit, smoulder for hours, omitting a pleasant odour which sweetens ouït purifies houses and "drives mosquitoes and flies away, can bo purchased at Finney, Isles, and, Co.'s oriental department. These spice sticks will be found a great comfort in every house, particularly where mos- quito and fly. posts aro troublesome.-fA-vr ] A stated communication of the Bilmuud Mac Donuell Masonic Lodge1,1.C., will take place in the Oddfellows' Hall, Petrie-terraee>, this es'ouing at 7.30. Attention is directed to Captain Heath's noti to mariners respecting shoalwater to the south of the island of Ambrym, Nesv Hebrides. The fifth call of 2d. on ench of the shares in the Doran p.c. Gold Mining Company, Glastonbury, is payable at the office, Chartered Bank Chambers» on or before the 20th instant. A general meeting of the Psychological Society will be held in the Cornier Building te-muirow night. The rowing men of Brisbane desirous of having Queensland represented in the etght-o.tr- crew about to leave Sydney for liujrland aro requested to meet at the Longreach Hotel on Thursday night. Notico is given in our advertising columus of thp intention of the Bnlmoial Divisional Board to borrow £800 fiom the consolidated revenue to construct a wharf at Bulimba. 