The Mystery in Berkeley Square. To this day it remains a mystery, and it will probably ever remain so. There is no question'of delusi*-.;: no one could or can deny it.* Tho f'cts s.e fii-i-. niain and unvarnished : ana as tney -.vere told to tne writer i-y -1 iriena — if he -were not a relative of the parties — theyshalJ be -epeated.' As there is no xiife in alarming people, we shall not .mention the number of the house.; It is, however, on the' west' side of Berkeley; Square. -'London,: W ; and we repeat that the tale is absolutely true. The house which- we visited was at thai time apparently untenanted. It was certainly in- a- bad state of repair, and as certainly ho' to be Jet.- No tenant 'Was desirous to inhabit it ; fur, though a caretaker and bis wife lived in the basement, .they could not enter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty and desolate in the whirl of Mayfair. 'These were ' the conditions when a family lrum the country came, and, despite the ex terior ap'peararfce of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The bouse suited all parties, and it was painted and renovated sufficiently to satisfy the 'tenants for the season. The tradespeople were all on the tiptoe of expectation, for no one had ever lived in the housefor,four consecutive weeks. Rent had been' suirendered, and a hurried de parlure had again caused the advent of th\ caretakers, '-ft-was- their doing,' was the ?yhispered ..comment. 'These people say the house- is haunted, and -iso they have house room.''' But .they never dissauaded a tenant. Manf tenants came.-and. wem ; sounds were heard! and something uncanny was in pos session, for -.no one remained. ; I The family who came into temporary poss ession of the mansion had no idea of its history, and it is at this period — ia the year 187 1 — that the writer's acquaintance with the house began. The newt tenants took possession, and -were handed.Qver ali-.the keys. There were occu panU for a\1 the bedrooms, and one uoper apartment was allotted to the housemaid. It was a nicely furnished -room at the back of the house ; small- but-, except- from a peculiar at mosphere, very comfortable. ' No one hail hitherto slept in that room,' they said, ' and it -was rather damp.' So a fire was lighted; and the bed made ready for its new occupant. The girl came in in good time, and went up stairs to bed. Everything was in readiness for her,, and the ladies' maid, who had indicated the. apartment had left her. Ere she had got into -bed a piercing shriek aroused the house hold ; then a heavy fall in the housemaid's room caused them to hasten- upstairs. What could be the 'matter? Mistress and servants rushed up together ; master followed. The room was broken open and a terrible sight met the ijaze of the intruders. The poor girl, parily; dressed,, was lying insensible on. the' floor ; in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed, and remedies were applied as soon as possible. The convulsive movements of her limbs were succeeded by violent ravings, and it required two men to hold her, so terrible were her struggles. Her appearance was thai of. a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor she had been calmed it was perceived 'with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was ?' raving mad.' She was quite emausled for awhile, but the paroxysms again began. She was removed as soon as possible, and after awhile a lucid interval intervened. To ques tions addressed to her, she only replied, with terrified mein and nameless horror in her face, *' Ves, I saw; it ! I saw..it !' and relapsed into imbecility. . JJow what she had seen was a. mystery She never gave any account of the horribly i strange sight that met her gaze. The -story got j wind - and was laughed at : was credited wholly or partly according to the constitutions of - the hearer- The tenants avoided the room, whico was again locked up, and no more was j heard; of ' ihe ghost' for awhile. ! It happened, one evening rhat' the tenants j gave a party.. There was *a small dance, an.l amongst the guests were some- guardsmen and other, .officers. . There was some curiosity expressed as to the haunted room, and many of tbe feuests— particularly the military ones laughed at the idea of any danger or 'hist. Finally tbe subject absorbed general attention ; dancing was -discarded— for- -discussion ; the belivers outnumbered the sceptics. '1*11 bet you five pounds, ' said a young officer, ' that I will go and remain an hour in the haunted room, ;and.come down unharmed.' 'pjinei' exclaimed his opponents. 'Don'i !' exclaimed the Inmorou's of his friends/' The lady of 'the house and her husband both end'&ivoured; to dissuade him. But he was firm. Helaugh'edghostsjpscorn.and jestingly bade 'farewell' to his companions., lie carried a candle, and as he prepared to ascend to the' room, which had been lighted with gas, some presentiment seemed to have affected him, but he laughed away all remoslrance. ' Von' won't frighten 'me with a regiment of. ghosts,' be said.' ' But Til secure my retreat, Remember if I ring once, you wilj be ready 'to co'ine upstairs, because you will then under stand that I have seen something, and may re qjire assfs'ance.' They promised, and - he continued, ' But if I ring twice you will at orice' know that I am in peril, and then come up as fast as you can. I shall not ring without reason'.' They wished ihe ycung fellow good luck, and standing in and near the drawing rcfom door watched him ascend the staircase. He laughed them af cheery 'good-bye,' entered the room, which was fully lighted, and shut the door Toudly. The noise echoed through the- house now silent,, for everyone, 1 even the servants, were on the quivive, and the ringing of the bell was anxiuusly expected. The men stood on the landing ; the Indies generally remained in the rooms, conversing qqly in whispers, and feeling as one expressed it,' as if something was going to happen. He had .been gone fifteen, minutes, and no sound had 'alarmed .the guests. Bets begnn to he ta1k*ed of and. wagers tendered that he would ricijinng. and that there was no ' ghost' nor mystery at all. ~ S'jddenly* a, faint 'ting, ting' was heard froouthe basement. _ There was no mistake ; he had rung the bell... On the startling' notice the.ladies ran put, and some of ,the men began to'ascend the stairs. A few were for rushing up at once, but the courage ol their friend and their agreement held them* back ; still they were ready for a dash up the flight at the first tingjc of the second bell. Some terrible minutes passed ; the ticking of 'the clock was distinctly a-idible. Then a loud violent crash of the bell; a sound of fearful significance to all .who heard it. . Two seconds sufficed for the men to reach the room arid burst -.open the door. This is .what they saw — The' young officer, stretched in the even ing dress on the' bed, rigid, dead. His jaw had- dropped ; his eyes -were staring open va cantly in mortal terror ; a dumb stony fear and awful horror stamped on his features ! His left hand clutched the bell rop* which sum moned up his friends. But no presence was visible. No form appeared' to alarm the others There he lay, stark,' staring mad in death. What he had seen — whether demon or spirit — must for- ever remain a mystery as great as ever puzzled ihe London-world. He died, .scared to death by the awful apparition which r he had in- some .manner defied 01 qffeg&d;' Sonic time after, we believe in 1879, the condition of the house 2nd the mystery again* claimed attention. . Questions were publicly addressed to those interested, bat no reply was given, nor was any explanation ever afforded of ..the perfectly -true mystery of Berkeley square. — CasseWs Saturday Journal. * Fill ' A up B a g s , Beetles, insect'-, roaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gopher?, jack^rabbits, cleared out by 'Rough on Rais, Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Atyerits. 