Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then It relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. "Healthy? I should say it was healthy. Why. there's only been one death in this place in ten years." " Who was it died ?*' " Dt. Barkins. Died of starva tion." " We had a cane presentation down at school to-day,"' said William, after an uausually long eilenco at the supper table. "Ah, indeed. And who got tho c_ne 1" " 1 did." A Missouri editor excuses the absence of editorial matter in a recent issuo of hi- paper by announcing that "tho editor is now lying in bed, with one foot in the grave." Among the declaration of principles of a large now club in Chicago arc—" No club-house, no constitution, no debt, no defalcations, no profanity, no president, no bores, no dress cotts, no dudes, no dues." Winks: "Das your wife a cheerful disposition?" Minks: " Oh, yes ; very cheerful. Last night when I was dancing around the room on one foot, after having stepped on a tack, she laughed till her sides ached." Fashionable Lady (in public libmt-v): " Have yoa •nyof _urt- novels?" Librarian: "No,madam; I— er—l do not know that writer." li*. li : " Why, you have his name in your catalogue. Here it is—'Sir Walter Scott Bart!" Mr. Jonathan Trump: "What's the matter with young Darling!on? He Bgoing into the conservatory with Dolly Flicker, as pale as a ghost." Mil's Penelope Peachblow: "Going Into a decline, I tako it, from what I know of Dolly." The kangaroo is said to have got its name in this way:— Captain Cook first discovered the animal in Australia. When he inquired its name of a native the latter replied " Kan-ga-roo." which in the Australian language is "I don't know." A young lady had given a vapid young man her photo graph. He was enamoured of it, an_ made the remark, '• S^me day, with your permission, I shall plead for tho r .(session of the lovely original." She replied, "Then shall give you the negative." Man at the theatre box-office: " Have you any front seats in the upper gallery ?" " Yes, sir." " How high is that above the parquet?" " About 70ft." "Do you think I oould see over the millinery downstairs ?" "I think so." " Gimme two then." First Dame: "So all your daughters married rich T How did you manage it V' Seoond D.me: " From the moment tney wore big enough to understand anything I kept dinging into their ears all forts of warnings against tho folly snd wickedness of marrying for money." " Fa," asked sleepy Bobby, " can I ask you one more question if it ain't foolish 1" " Ya'as," almost shouted the old-man, who waa trying to read. " Well, if a toad had a tail, pa, would it interfere with his Jumpin' or would it help liim like it does a kangaroo 1" In le__ time than it takes to tell it Bobby was between tho sheets. "Speakin' of twins," said the old man Chump-ins, " there was two boys raised in our neighbourhood that looked just alike till their dyin* day. Lcm didn't have any teeth, and his brother Dave did, but they looked pree-dsely alike all the same. The only way you could tell 'cm apart was to put your flngor in _____ 8 mouth, and if he bit yer 'twas Dave." Mrs. Testy (looking up from the paper): "Isn't thia strange? 'A Californian, after a At of illnes-*. wss absolutely unable to remember his wife, and did not believe she was the one he married.' " Mr. Testy: " Well, I dunno. It's pretty hard work sometimes for a man to realise that his wife is tho same woman he onco went orazy over." Mrs. Hyde Parkins (closing the recital of a domestic difficulty): " And then, of course, I had to advertise at once for a tew cook. I got forty answers, and the only one who seemed any good forgot to put her address. (Archly) Irish, of course." Captain O'Paddy (with « view to defending the honour of his "oounthry"); " Ah, then, why didn't ye write and ask her for it 1" They talk about a woman's sphere, As though it had v limit; There's not a place in earth or heaven. There's not a task to mankind given, There's not a blessing or a woe, There's not a whisper yes or no, There's not a life, or death, or birth, That has a feather's weight of worth, Without a woman in it. Mistre-u.: "I am sorry to tell you, Bridget, that here is a telegram stating that your husband was killed in the last strike." Bridget (glancing admiringly at the telegram): " An' the blissed enints be phraised far lettin' him send thet same to comfhort the poor widdy's heart!" Mistress (in surprise): " Why, Bridget, what do you mean ?" Bridget (proudly): " Bedud, an' it's the illigiut writer Pat's gittlng to be already since he'd doid, and he could only be afthcr raakkin' bis marruck doon here, mum. Shure, an' it's the blissed Saint Pother himself ez'll be wantin' hiiu fur th' book kapin'." A gentleman in Dublin, speaking of the Irish, said that nothing ever satisfied them, and that he was will ing to prove his words on a wager that if ho should go to the door and call a cab. no matter what fee he would ?ivo, the driver would ask for more. The wager waa ak- n for £10. The gentleman culled a cab, di-ovc about a quarter of a mile, stepped out, and handed the driver half-a-sovcreign, the legal feo leing a shilling. Cabby drove off. The gentleman who had taken the wager was exulting in his triumph, when suddenly the driver re turned, and touching his hat, said: " Please, sir, have ye a durty thre'eenny bit about ye ? It would be f-uch a pity to break a bright piece of gold like this for a drink 1" 