Why am I a "Roman" Catholic ? FOR VERY MANY REASONS, AND THIS IS ONE. Catholic Truth Society . Because I believe in Jesus Christ. I believe that He has the words of eternal life. I believe that He, being the Son of God, knew what to teach, and how to teach it, and that consequently, what he said is law for ever. Though heaven and earth shall pass away, His word shall not pass away (St. Mark xiii. 31). I can only believe, therefore, in ONE Christianity, and that must be the ORIGINAL Christianity, which came from the lips of Jesus Christ. Now Christ entrusted all His doctrine to a certain body of living teachers, to be spread by them, throughout the world. These teachers were the twelve Apostles, the first Bishops of the Chris tian Church. They were first instructed by Christ, in the mysteries of the Kingdom of Heaven (St. Matt. xiii. 11), and in all that he had heard from the Father (St. John xv. 15); the Holy Ghost was promised them, to make them remember it all (St. John xiv. 26) : and lastly, they were commanded to teach that doctrine, Christianity, or Christain religion, to all the nations (St. Matt, xxviii. 19, 20). Now, in order to provide a written record of the founding of the Church, and of the glorious promises made to it, and of its constitution and organisa tion, and some of the very words of Christ and His Apostles, certain of the Apostles, and their disciples, were inspir ed by the Holy Ghost to write the books of the new Testament. The Testament, therefore, is the inspired Word of God. The Testament, however, nowhere says, or implies that it contains " all the council of God." It nowhere tells us, what books form a part of it, nor even how many inspired books there are. It prescribes no system of public worship ; it does not give, in full, the rite for administering any sacrament. It makes allusion merely to many things, in which the readers, is supposed to have been already instructed (See Heb. vi. 1,2; 2 Thess. i. 14 ;2 Tim. i. 13). Thus, the Bible shows, that the Bible alone, was never intended to teach the whole religion of Christ. On the contrary, it points to a body of living men, who were the ministers of Christ, and the dispensers of the mysteries of God (I Cor. iv. 1. 2.) Moreover, it describes them as forming a Kingdom or Church, and having one Lord, one faith , one Baptism (Ephes. iv. 6). And it speaks of the Church as a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle (Ephes. v. 27) ; as the pillar and ground of truth (I Tim. iii. 15); as founded on Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ being its chief corner-stone (Ephes. ii. 20) ; as a Kingdom that shall never be destroyed (Dan ii, 44) ; against which the gates of Hell shall not prevail (St. Matt. xvi. 18) ; and to which, from the beginning, God has added daily, such as are to be saved (Acts ii. 47). In other words, if I want true Chris tianity, I must seek it in the true Christian Church ; and the true Christian Church must be the original Christian Church, and the original Christian Church is that, which is Roman and Catholic. Roman, because its chief pastor has always been Bishop of Rome, since the day when St. Peter, on whom Christ built His Church (St. Matt. xvi. 18) first fixed his See in that city ; and Catholic because it is universal, or world-wide in its extent, teaching all nations to observe all things commanded by Christ. Here, then, is a consideration which alone, would suffice, to make me a Catholic. It destroys whole volumes of Protestant objections. You tell me, for instance, that the Church of Rome, pure in the beginning, in course of time corrupted its doctrine, introduced practices unwarranted by Scripture, and so ceased to be the true Church of Jesus Christ, and hence the need of the " Glorious Reformation," as you call it. But observe, the original Church, having Christ with it all days, even to the end of the world (St. Matt, xxviii. 20), and the Holy Ghost abiding with it for ever (St. John xiv 16), and lead ing it in all truth (St. John xvi. 13), could never lose the purity of its faith. Whoever else might fall, the Church could not apostatise. We have God's promise, that it shall stand for ever (Dan. ii. 44), and that " the gates," or power of Hell shall not prevail against it (St. Matt. xvi. 18). And again when Luther, Calvin, Henry VIII., and their followers, were starting in their mad career, either the true religion was then in the world or it was not. If it was, they committed grievous crimes in making new religion to oppose it. If it was not, they were powerless to create it. It takes a Christ, not a Luther, to create a Christianity. On either supposition, therefore, Pro testantism is not the true religion of Jesus Christ. My dear friend, you talk nonsense when you tell me, that the doctrines of Transubstantiation, Purgatory, Papal Supremacy, and the like, are corruptions. For first, they are taught in the Bible ; and secondly, they are portions of the doctrine of the ORIGINAL Church ; and God has given to that Church, the com mission to teach all nations, and there fore, to teach both you and me, what are corruptions and what are not. He has given you no commission to teach His Church. Nor did He give any such commission to the first Protestant preachers. Submit yourself then, to the Original Church. Learn and believe its doctrines. They are all scriptural, all holy, all beautiful. You may possibly have much to suffer from friends or foes, for the devil hates converts. But if you want genuine, true, and perfect Christianity, you can only find it in the original, Catholic, and Roman Church. 