GENERAL NEWS. A meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday, but the deliberations were interrupted owiug to the numerous deputations that were received A number of proposed railway lines were con- sidered, but nothing definite was reached in connection with any of them. The Minister for Works is sending an officer to report upon the feasibility, from a commer cial point of view, of tbo schema proposed by Mr. Curruthors iu regard to the low-lying lands at Marrickville. 80 soon as this report is received, aud if it is satisfactory, steps will be taken to bring In a bill dealing with the question. We understand that 3Er. Car. rutbers has prepared two bills which would be applicable to places other than Marrickville. By one of theso bills it is provided that a borough couucll may pass a re solution stating that certain land in the horough is unlit for human habitation, whereupon the Governor-ln-Couucil would be empowered by proclamation to declare this to be the case. By the other of these bills it is provided that any such laud may bo dealt with so as to make it fit for use by the formation of a trust to take charge of it, borrow money, levy rates and so forth. Mr. Carruthers proposes, in fact, in this measure to extend to the whole of the colony the principle in his scheme for the reclamation of the low-lying lands at Marrickville, No definite arrangement has yet been arrived at with reference to reducing the sentences of tho men committed to prison at Tamwortk for appearing in the witness-box in a state of in toxication, but we believe that it is considered that three months will be sufficient time for their Incarceration. In order to ascertain what kind of treatment has boon curried on by the farmers and its results iu connection with the outbreak of horse mange in the Clarence district, the Minister for Mines, through Mr. Stanley, Go vernment Veterinarian, scut out, just prior to Mr. Stanley visiting the district a short time back, circulars to the farmers asking for infor mation as to tho endeavors made to cope with tho disease und tho effect of what hud boon attempted iu this direction. Whoa all the answers, or as inuny as possible, have be.uu received Mr, Stanley will prepare a report upon tho matter. Two of tho Railway Commissioners, Messrs. Fehon aud Oliver, will next week inspect tbo proposed railway linos from Youuir, Cowra and Borenoro to Forbes aud tbe extensions to the north nnd north-east. With reference to the intention to challenge tbo election of Jlr. Schoy for ltedfern, Mr. George Anderson, the defeated candidate, has paid a deposit of £100 to tho credit of the Speaker of the Assembly, as provided by law, but as some new facts have come to bis know ledge the petition lias not yet been lodged. It was intended to have presented the petition yesterday, and it is stated that should nothing occnr to further delay tho matter the petition will bo presented to-day. The Legislative Council sat for a littlc longer than one hour yesterday, tho business paper being a very light one. A good portion of that time was ' occupied in dismissing various matters ou a motion for adjournment. The Mount Keira Tramway Acquisition Bill was read tho third time and passed, and tbc RiTcrs Pollution Bill was further considered in com mittee. The investigation that has taken place in regArd to the condition of the guns at Steel Point Battery was again referred to by Mr. Creed in tbo legislative Council yesterday. Ho pointed out that it appeared from tho papers that had been laid on the tablo of tho House that the sole result of the action taken 111 the matter had been the reprimanding of an acting-bombardier, who he believed wss the officer of the lowest possible rank in tho artil lery forces ; and this notwithstanding the viyy strong remarks of tho General, tbo very strong opinion expressed by his Excellency tbe Go vernor as Commander-in- Chief, nnd the very strong minnte written by Mr. Dibba when he was Colonial Secretary 1 The Assembly occupied itself in committee ycBterday evening in further consideration of the 43rd clause of tho Land Bill. The clause deals with compensation for improve ments in .the ceutral and western divi sions, nnd when tho matter was last before the House 3Ir. Brunker moved nn amend ment to tbe effect that instead of pecuniary compensation longer tenure should be granted to the pastoralists who improved their holdings This, then, was the proposal with which the Committee had to deal last evening. From the outset it was evident that it would not be generally acceptable, particularly iu its applica tion to tbo central division, where bon. members are for tbe most part averse to the further lock ing up of tbc public estate. Amongst tbe most strenuous opponents of tho Ministerial amend ment was 3Ir. Garrett. His speech was full of such sweeping denunciations thnt from all parts of the Chamber ho was charged IfHh a persistent determination to ruin the bill. Scarcoly a voice was raised in unhesitating approval of Mr. Bmnkcr'a proposal. Some speakers accorded to it a half-hearted consent, but most of them opposed it. Eventually tho debate was adjourned till Tuesday. The recent appointment to the Licensing Bench of Newcastle, owing to the resignation of Dr. Morgan, was the subject of inquiries made by 3Ir. Walker, ou behalf of Jlr. Fletcher, in -the Assembly yesterday evening. Did the police magistrate couvene a meeting of the full bench of magistrates to nominate Dr. Morgan's successor ? Was "a Mr. D. Ludlow" selected by a majority of those present? Was the result of tho election communicated to the Minister? Was it a fact that another gentle man bad been appointed to the position against the recommendation of a majority of tho magis trates, and, if so, what was the reason of it ? Mr. Gouid admitted that a meeting of the full bench was convened and that 3tr. Ludlow was selected by tbe meeting, but that Mr. W. H. Shaw eventually received the appointment. The meeting, however, was only attended by 17 magistrates, eight of whom were in favor of the nomination of Jlr. Shaw aud nine in favor of Mr. Ludlow. Tbe former received tbo ap pointment because be considered it best in the public interest. Mr. Ludlow had beeu a justice of the pcaco for six years and nine months, Mr. Shaw for six years. In a singularly censorious spirit, considering the side of the Assembly on which he sits, Jlr. M'Court yesterday pursued his attack upon the appointments of his ban. friend the Minister for Justice. At first he was after a "mare's nest." Had a deputy-superintendent of work been appointed at Trial Bay, and if so, what was his name and how long had he been in the Bervice ? asked Jlr. M'Court, of course under tbe impression that another half-pay colonel from England had been »ettled in a comfortable billet at tbecolony's expense. Imagiue his sur prise, then, when ho was told that " there ain't no auch person" as Mrs. Gamp informed her friend, but also that " there aiu't no such office." His second shot, however, hit the mark. Major Hunt had been appointed acting deputy-govornor of Bathurst Gaol, said the Minister, and ho had been appointed on account of his special quali fications, Major Hunt, it appears, is an old Imperial soldier, never iu the scrvico of the colony before, but once on duty hero with the Imperial troops. In justification of his appoint ment tho Comptroller of Prisons maintains that there is no officer who could havo been pro moted with equal advantage to tho public service. The Bpirit of rivalry between tho metropolis and the country districts has taken possession of two members of the Legislative Assembly iu a rather marked degree. Jlr. Playfair occa sionally tells tho backblockors what ho thinks of their pretensions to statesman ship, nnd Jlr. Garrard never lopes an opportunity of over-awing the broad-acred rueu with the magnificent potentialities of Balmain and its workshops. Yesterday he got across the track of Mr. Dickens, not an orator by any means, bat one of the quietest and most unobtrusive young gentlemen iu political life, whose only fault happens to bo that bo represents a usually drought- stricken territory of squattngea. " But druughts are a perfect godsend to pasto ralists," said Mr. Garrard. "People's sym pathies are excited by them. When they bear of sheep dying here and cattle there they aro willing to make almost any concession to the squatters. The fact is that they havo mado a great deal out of the hardships they havo had to suffer, uud I for one am willing to admit that a great deal of consideration should be shown to them, but to give them compensation for im provements outside water improvements is to my mind unfair to tho couutry ut large. It would appear from tho speeches of hou. members that there were only two classes in tho com munity—the squatting class und tho selecting cla»s. The rest of the community have beeu completely forgotton in the courso of tho dis cussion ou the Land Bill. Tho cause of spots on tho fair faco of tho sun has uot given riso to moro attempts at ex planation than the ruination of pastoralists in New South Wales. Tho real ruin of squatters, said Mr. Lukeman in the Assembly last even ing, waa the large amount paid by thcin in the first iuBtanco for the goodwill of the land — amounts paid not, as they should have been, to the Government as representing the unearned increment, but to private persons who had no claim upon them. In his opinion the only way by which wo could arrlvo at the true valuo of the land of tho country was by putting it up by auctiou. Tho present system of rental >vas an absurdity. Tho largest sum paul for tho rich lauds of tho Murray was 8d an acre, and many of tho areas wcro leased at 4d, whilst if put up at auction they could not by any chance bring less than 2s. What he BUggested was that the Jlioister should bring in n clause providing for tho ex piry of the leases at tho time proposed by the Act of 1884, for tho payment of com pensation by tho incoming tenants nud for tho suksequout leasing of the land at rates decided by auction. Mr. Lyne subsequently expressed strong disapproval of theso suggestions. Ho considered that the meu who hud bcrne tho hardships of settlomont should reap the benefits of their own labor, uud that it would bo cruel to allow strangers to stop into their shoes because they could afford to outbid them. A deputation of Grown tonants waited ou tho Minister for Lands yostorday to lay before him certain resolutions passed at a meeting held on Monday hist, and to urgo tho necessity of extending tho leases iu the coutrul and eastern divisioua and of giving compensation for im provements, «&c.; Tho Minister pointed out that as he had submitted to Purliumcui a billdcaling with the laud question and embracing the subjects brought under his notice, it was now out of his hands and must bo dealt with by tho Parliament of the country. Tho stud sheep sales wero continued yester day at the warehouses of Jleasrs. OoldBbrQUgk Mort aud Co., Circular Quay. The arrapga- meats were capitally carried out, and front half- past 10 until half-past 6 brisk business was done. Tho highest prico given during tho day was UOOgs. by Jlr. F. 1). Buttor .for the ram" Flashlight, by Young Billy, bred by Mr, Cbas. Field, and large lignreB were obtained for other Tasmanian sheep. The biddings in soma in stances were decidedly erratic. Tho Queens land and New South Wales sheep sold well. In all, during the day Jlr. Maiden, by dint of hard work, got through BIG stud rams and 161 stud ewes. Tho sale will bo continued at 10 o'clock sharp this rooming. The questions of tho Sun Francisco mail con tract and the proposed Canadian ateamship line were before tho Trades and Labor Council last night. A letter was received from Captain 11\. Ghost, in which attention was drawn to certain paragraphs which had appeared iu The Daily Telegraph with reference to Messrs. Spreckels nnd Co.'s mail contract. The matter wse discussed at considerable length, and it was eventually agreed, on the motion of Jfr. West, seconded by Jlr. Talbot, "that the council enters its protest against subsidising any 'line of ocean steamers unless the contract includes a clause providing against the ewplo/raeot of Asiatic labor.". Jlr. Davis proposed aud Mr. Talbot seconded— "That the proposed Canadian lino of steamers be supported, and that a deputation be ap- pointed to wait upon certain members of Par liament urging them to use their influouce in obtaining tho object in view." The motion was carried. Tho following deputations will wnit upon tho Minister for Lands to- day Mayor, and aldermen, Balmain, on the subject of reduction of ronts charged for public wharves, Balmain, 11 ; trustees, Wynyard Park, relative to annual vote for maintenance of the park, 11.30 Borough Council of Duudas, with reference to vesting in tho council Pennant-hills quarry and adjoining reserve, 12. Several deputations waited upou the Minister for Works yesterday. Among them was one. consisting of the Mayor and uldormen of Parra. mates, who asked that tho Government might intervene in connection with the action for £2000 brought against the council by Mr. Rtonc, who alleged that hie property had. been damaged owing to negligence on tho part of that body in not properly looking after the daiu. Tho deputation attributed the damage to neglect 011 the part of the officers of the department. Jlr. Bruce Smith wonld not entertain a proposal thnt the Government should help the council out of the difficulty, as they had uot brought tho matter forward in a proper spirit. lie took exception tof'Hka assertion that tbo damage was tho fault of the officers of his department ; the whole of the responsibility rested upon the shoulders of tho couucil, who had not curried out a promise they had made. In reply to a deputation in reference to tho railway from Juneo to Tcmora, who suggested to tbe Minister for Works yesterday that that route should bo surveyed before the Junee- Cootamundra Hue was commenced, Jfr. Bruce Smith said that although he thought it rather late for the deputation to make such a request, ha would send an officer to make inquiry as to the adviaableness or otherwise of deviating the piv- posed route. Tho Standing Parliamentary Committee oa Public Works met again yesterday, the time of the sitting being principally occupied in taking further evidence relative to Sir John Coode's proposed scheme for improving the Richmond River entrance. Jfr. A. Kethel, who waa examined at considorablo length, spoke in very high terms of the resources of the river district, and urged tho necessity for ovpediting both the work of improving the river's cntrauce and tbe construction of a railway to the district. Cap tain Bank, who was also examined, gave his opinion of tho proposed improvements cou- Bidered with his experience as a marine sur veyor, and characterised the scheme of Sir John Coode as one calculated in every way to provide tho mucb-uccded remedy for the sandbank obstruction at tho mouth of the river. Tbn committee will take further evidence on tho samo matter when it meets on Wednesday next. In tho Legislative Assembly yesterday after- noon Jlr. llolborow, ou behalf of Jlr. Bull, made this extraordinary request of tbe Minister for Lands— that ho would obtain the opinion of the Attorney-General as to whether a member of a local laud board might take part in an investigation of a disputed selection in which ho was interested. Of course there could only bo one reply to such a request. There was no tioaessity for procuring an opinion on the matter, said Jlr. Brunker, as section 11 of the Crown Lauds Act of 1884 provided that any member of a local land board who should Bit or net in any way ua a member of such board in any case in which he was or bad been directly interested should bo liable to a penally of £600. In reply to a second question put by Jtr. Holborow, tho Minister said that inasmuch as the Act gave the local land boards the power of compelling the attendance of witucsscs to give evidenco ou any matter before them, they could naturally question a witness under exami nation as to whom he was supplied by or from whom ho obtained tho necessaries of life. Yisious of cool drinks in return for fresh meats from the far west rose in the minds of members of the Assembly yesterday evening, when iu auswer to a request from Mr. Willis that the Railway Commissioners should take Btepo to "assist tho chill-meat trade between Bourke and Sydney," the Colonial Treasurer said—" The Railway Commissioners are pre pared (if tbe butcherB of Bourke will provide tho necessary meat for conveyance l to erect a small experimental chilling establishment nt Bourke in order to demonstrate the practi cability of the scheme for conveying chilled meat long distances by train, Tho necessary experimental railway truck is also under construction. After the experimental period is passed it is considered that private enterprise should provide tlio necessary slaughtering places and chilling establishments in tho coun try. I may also add that this mutter has been under my consideration for some time, and I am very anxious that the railway authorities should givo every facility for the carriage of frozen or deud meat from all parts of the colony, so as to avoid tho congestion of work at present existing in tho abattoirs, which nro a very objectionabio establishment. I may also say that i consider that the more closely tho Commis8ionera of Railways contiuo themselves to the business which is technically called that of common carriers the butter, and the less they interfere with private enterprise the greater chauco thoy will have of success iu their own work." Answering a question pnt to hira in tbe Legislative Assembly yesterday ovening by Mr. Clubb with regard to tho management of tbo ponal establishment ou Cockatoo It- land, the Minister for Justico said that thu governor was nhvaya 011 duty on the island ou Sundays, whilst t|ie deputy- governor and Buuior warder ware allowed alter nate Sundays off. The permanent post warder was alio allowed alternate Sundays off\ hut the ordinary warders being in rotation both day and night duty have each leave every fifth day, which may or may not bo Sunday. "Iain also informed," ho added, "thnt where tbo staff is sufficiently large it has been found practicable to allow warders oue day off iu tbo mouth aud also seven days in the year, and. tint it is mulur consideration, when tho general Htnlf is arranged under tho now Estimates, to see how far that privilege can be extended to the Mad! at Biloela ; also, that tbe duty as now laid out has hcou arranged ao far an could be in com pliance with au application of the ordinary warders. Arrangements could ho made to afford the full privileges of tho larger staff prisons to that of Biloela at a cost of about £300 per an num for additional warders, pf tho necessity fQi which, however, tho Comptroller-General is not fully convinced." Mr. Harold Stephen, in the Assembly yester day, brought iu hie bill to abolish the pnnUh mcnt of whipping. The bill has only one oper ative clause, making it unlawful for any jutfgfl or magistrate to award such punishment to ftpy offender, and uny provision to tho contmry caq- taiucd iu tbo Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1883 is repealed. Ono of tho qnickest voyages ever made by a sailing vessel betweoq Port Firio und this port was coutplotud yesterday by tho barquo Heather Bull, an Abordccu-huUt vessel of 479 tons. She sailed from Port Pirlo on t|io Cth jnat. and entered X>ort Jack«on at half-past 1 o'clock yesterday, thus covering tho distance tn fivo daya— an oxccdlent porformanco. Captain Evans has command of tho rosael and is to be complimented for tha manner in which ho haudled his ship on tho run round. Another seizure of contraband goods w&9 made yestorday.by Mr.iTidc-snrroyor Woods, of her Majesty's Customs. During tho afternoon Mr. Woods and his men boarded the s.s. Changebfl, recently arrived from Hongkong, and thoroughly eearched her, with the result that they discovered 3700 cigars. Some of the cigars were concealed in an empty kerosono tin and others in the coal bunkeis, under tho coal, and also in the forcpeak nndcr the chain. Tho officer was not successful in tracing the ownora and tho cigars wore confiscated and lodged iu the Queen's Warehouse. At tho last meeting of tho Petersham Council Alderman Bedford urged that tho council endeavor to havo a heavier penalty in flicted for interments than tho nominal one of £o at present imposed- by tho magistrate. The inspector stated that ho was always pressing the magistrate for an increased fine, but could not succeed. It was suggested that a test case for the Supreme Court be propared, but it was pointed out that the council would have only jurisdiction beforo a stipendiary. The Mayor said that tho first fine was £5 and tho second £10. It was also stated that tho appeal to tho Privy Council with reference to the cemetery question only cost tho council about £-10, and that about £800 had been paid in fines to the council. At a meeting of tho Board of Health on Wed nesday tho secretary, Mr. Sager, produced a return showing that 130 deaths from typhoid fever and 101 from diphtheria had been regis tered in tho metropolitan district during the half-year ending Jnne 30 last. These figures included the deaths of persons that occurred in the different city hospitals. Diphtheria has been rather more prevalent this year than for Eomo time past, and there is at present a good deal of it about. , A man named Andrew Corben, 61 years of age died suddenly at his residence, Francis-street, Bondi, on Wednesday. It appeared that ho had becu to Sydney, returning homo about 5.30 p.m., but about 7 p.m. he complained of flatulenoy. Ho was given a glass of wine by his wife and lay down on the couch, but on her return to the room, some few minutes later, ho was lying dead on tho floor. Tho Coroner has been noti fied, and au inquest will bo held. The programme for the annual prize- meeting of the New South Wales Rifle Association, to be held in October, has been published Twenty events aro down for competition, be sides pool-shooting, including Queen's and In. ternationnl matches, the latter for tho Challenge Cup, now held by Ireland. The monthly meeting of tho Engineering A.-sociation will be held next Thursday evening owing to the small attcndauco last night. A "meeting to consider the desirability of petitioning the Government for a recreation ground will lie held in tho Enfield council- chambers to-night. In view of the approaching termination of the work of the New South Wales Commission for the Ccnteonial International Exhibition, Melbourne, the members of the clerical staff Yesterday made a presentation to Mr. W. "Wil kin. J.F., the secretary of the commission, as a slight recognition of their esteem and of the kimine?s and consideration ho had shown them at all times. The presentation was accompanied with coidial wishes for Mr. Wilkina' health and happiness. 