N() ROBBERY. frs. Christi'e wrasanything but an unoleas ant house, and the people who were staying in it were anything but unpleasant. My precon ceived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding.house were of a doubtful sort; at thebest it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacherously all about. So it was ia welcome surprise to find the house so different from my anticilstions. Mrs. Christio herself I knew but slightly. She was the widow of a mining engineer who had done good service to our family in my father's days. She had set up a boaudilg-hoase:on Russel street, and when it happened that I had togoupto town to consult my old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mother's request, to Mrs. Clhristie's, not without some misgivings about the wisdom of the step I was taking; but I thoughtthat anyhow it would be a now ex. perenceo; and that was just what it did prove to bo eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army doctor and his d ughter, she being a damsel fair to look upon; two spinsters from Shroplhire; a west country parson and his wife; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a clerk in a batnk; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew anry thing-save Mrs. Christie, and she not much but whom every one allowed to be the most charming and delightful people they tad met for monr a day. Mr. nud Mrs. Wahlcot lad travellte much, uld were evidently well reld, but they neither wrearied one's ears with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no dslplay, and thoughl brilliant ca:vereationalicst, they were just the pleasanct kind of people in whose companly you could sit without wanting to talk at all. lie was a tall, sparely built tmen, well set up. with regular features, a man of fine hearing, yet noto cite like a soldier; she woo hardlyn so duistinguished lookinga her i. nasld, haordly o haondsoe; her features just miseed regularity, but eyes and mouth llhad a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most attractive wolman I had ever met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have consideracbl ex. tended my exlerience since those days when my mother guarded her fledgling from the attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But the most ple:rsing trait in this couple was th hough so plainly devoted to oere another, and satilsled with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion; their nature sneemed to have i sy?lepa. thetic feeliig that molded itself to salt rite dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked themS; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style; I had ulfortunatoly inherited myn mother's manner and my father's face; had it been the othllr way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was painfully conscious that I now was not. And it must have been out of pure good ?ature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a poiut with Mrs. Christio-whether she kept her pro mist I don't know-that site should say nothing to her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or tile plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glories of a country house that women love. The only one who did not take kindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our husiness I prevailed upon him to dine with mo at Mrs. Choetie's, and I remember noting how everyone seemed to be at his or her best; even Marton'e severe features rulaxed, and lie showed himself almost more than courteous to thie Indian girl, between whom anld one of the Shropshire spaters he wos sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he own?l when I was ' setting him back,' as they say in the North, to his chambner, ' but but- ' ' llt me no buts; what is wrong now ' ' Why, those people to whom you asve taken so violently, the Walcots.' ' What about them, Mr. Sensor?' 'Thoy gave nme an uncomfortable feeling; snot tlet they look uncanny, but I aeu haunted by the ghost of some fordding reminiscence, as if I had seen that woman's eyes before-anad I am sure I have- but when or where I cannot recollect; and I am equally sure they were con nected with something shady-what that, too, was I cuannot bethink me; a hazy, indetinite recollection it was, but one that clung to me all the while.' 'May I suggest dyspepsia? too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' 'faybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pindh of caution in cementing your new friend. shiip. Good-night.' II. A few evenings before I went home, as Walcot and I were in the smokinsg-room, I asked him if he would not bring Mrs. Walcot down to Earnrshaw for a few days. It was near the end of May, tihe May ny- flshing would be on during the next ten days, so that here would be something to do beside seeing the country, wlichwas magntificent ; there wer a few ehow places far those who sored for them, and tile selon was ill its prima for drives over the hills. I lput forwvard all the attractions of the placeo to induce him to come down; I could yee that Mrs. Walcot could hit it off with nyv not too eaaily pleased mother, espe cially ftecsauc? being maurriod she could not possihly he a siren, and the man had plenty to talk anout, yet never tired one with talking of himself. I was rather surprised then when lhe hesi tated about accepting an invitation so unre. servedle giveu. 'Why should hte stammer, and, I thought, positively Iblush aind hesitate ablout so simplo a matter, espeieally as at first lie sceemed rcger to comeo, for his face hlad lighlted up chteerilyv,lut was obseureddirectly afterward Ib a gloomiy look, lmuost one of sadne's. 'There was certanely" a tone of distressin his voice ac he said, ' 'ou are very kind. I and ey wif -I knlow Ican spa:lk for her- eho?lld greatly like to come northward, but it is scarceley le itle.' This amoe with more wanuth of desire to accept thle invitation than depth of conviction about its imlpossibility. Afterotue further pressure, evidentlyyielding, at last he said: ' You are really so ferindly that it would lbe no less ungrateful than ungracioos to keIp Iback from you the real reason why we shrink from what ?romuies to Ibe so plcasant ca visit; tand what tee haveseu of you in thopast week frees me from any doubt that you will not let what I tall yoo go further than yourself. My wife, to whom, as you know, I au devotedly attacheod, has a sad amllictiou. Until her illness, two years ago, there was not a trace of what would now make her lifo an intolerable burden were she not supported by our strong mutual affec tion andconfdence. After that illness she de. veloped kleptomania. Till then the most scrupulously honest and perfectly exact womn I havre ever known, she tnow has a strange passion for secreting, not anything and every. thing, hut only jewellery; strangely her ailment onlyruens n this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto teent fortnnate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has surreptitiously removed. A few intimastes only know of our trouble, and, as they understand how things are, we feel less unhappy; still one is anxious, and this is why we lhave rather shrink from accepting the matny invitations we reeive from the friends who, we believe, have a genuine regard for us.' ' I think you might reckon nme among them,' said 1, 'and now that I know und tutn so to speak. forewarned, why should you hesitate? I could tell my mother ivhat you have told me before you come, unless '-seeing something of a doubt in Iis face-' you would rather 1 didn't.' 'To tell the truth,' he said, after a pause, ' if the knowledge could be confined to yourself I think it would be better. Possibly there may be no trouble while we are with you-I am nm sumting that you would still be willing to have us-and then there would be no need to have tItus bared our woundes.' ' Very well; if nnything does happen we shall find it out and you cart tend back whatever is taken, and then I caan explain it all to tmy mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will Is any the wiser. You see, too, that Mrs. Walcot need not know anything ;,lout toy myother's jewels.' 'jrey, are they very valuable or attractive?' ' ot h; and my mnoller is rather careless, as I think, about these tre:Lsures, which are chiefly diamonds; she will keep them in a cabinet in her toudoir; the last place, she satys, where a burglar would search, if one could got in; the windows look out on the cliff over the riverand our sevrnts are trustworthy. She says sheo will not have them long, and we must indulge an old woman's whims. Still we will not paradeo them, or even speak of them at all, before Mrs. Walcot. 'Yes' said he, looking relieved, 'that will be best; we will not let her know of their existence. Andnowthatyouunderstandtlltshall be happy to bring my wife; only, by the way, don't breathe a word to madame to intimnats to her that you knsow what 1 have just told you; for, if she even suspected you know, nothing on earth would induce her to come northward. 'So be it. My mother will write-let me see, this is Tuesday-you'll get her invitation on Thursday, so that you can accept and come down, if it suitsyourconvenience, on Saturday; then our arrangements will fit in.' III. A few leaves from my diary : ' Friday, Mayt3th.-M. wrote to tie YWalcots; marvllously civil. Signed deeds. Lunch with Marton. Walcot cheery at dinner, evidently leused with the prospect of visit; especially had not forgotten to invite " Venus." 'laturday. 3lst.-Down by 10.00 express. Wonder of wonders, M. at station with piebald podfe; but she takes marvellously to Mrs. Wulcot. 'wo days' rain. There'll be good water to-morrow, of course, when we mayn't fish. 'Sunday, Juno 1.-Lively as usual, but take the Wuleots up the glen in the evening to my I favouriteo spot. r. Walcot is enraptured with the place. ' onday, 2nd.-Off in theo drizzle to fish. Really a good day thirty- four brace of trout. Walcotnothalf a lbadhand. Ilavs toleavethe I woman-kind athomo; hope they won't get into t mischief. 'Tuesday, 3rd-Aroally good day, fifty-three c brace and three sea.lish. - . drives Mrs. I Walcot over the hill to see the miies. . ' , 'Wlineaday, 4th -Sessions. 11. drives the Walcots to Ulleswater. At dhinertelegram for a Waleot. Says they or at least he, must go d early to-morrow. k. wants him to leave a madame till Saturday. She consents, keeping n Venus. The dog's useloess as guard; heard I the boasteuuffing in the corridor during the r night. t 'Thursday, 5th-Venus rambling again; t heard her when stable clock struck .two. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning; teach Mrs. Walcot to lly fishin afternoon. n ' Friday, Gth--Much as yesterday, but fish f weith Mrs. Walcot in moraing. Drive after d lunchl. 'Saturday, 7th --See Mrs. Walcot off at eleven. Dreadfully dull day. Holpe Marton r nyllhow won't disappoint sno; he's sure to come as I asked him, now the Walcots have gonte. 'Sunday, Sth-As per usual; yet I survive. 'Monday, 9th-IIere's it atr.uezo matter: .Wsaleot writes that after all she did take my uother's diamonds; luckily hie found it out d immediately on her arrival, anld ha seent heavily " insured by train from Leamington to Penrith to wait there, not twanting to attract attention s at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size f eovuing by poet. DIve to l'enrsth, find Iptreel, C night" thlnkleful to get di:uttotds, iquliety tr Ilartes l thoctnitet. ly greatest luck .. hadc t; never discovered their absenue. ' ly thile way, how did Mrs. TWaleot know about the diamonds? Waulcot would not tell her, of course. Suppose she and the mseater got t hliking, and they mnust have been exhibited oneo It of those days we were fishing. Can't usk If.; must welt 1 suppose. Perhalps the poor thing felt theebeginning of the craving, anid concealed her knowledge trom her husband; or, just p?osibly, didn't see them till lhe had gone. Iowever, all's well that ends well. IV. Had all ended well ? The night after Mlar ton tcame he made many inuiries, over our pipes, about the Walcots, and still seemed to have an unaccountable prejudice against them. d It was no good to salow how much my mother, a also, thought of him, and how taking, yet a simple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite t wann in defence of my new friends, and for proof positive told Marton in what a straight forward way Walcot had informed me of his wife's failing, andlhow quickly he hid taken aina to remedy wshat ead eappened. Marionse litensd very quietly to ntv arguments with his sphiuxeliko face, whicl. 'only as I encluded, a relaxed into a grim smile alme ,t more aggirvat iii than his former impenetrability. 1 \Wlat on earth makes you look like that ?' I said, as trifle holty. ' Dtar boly,' sad Marton, dryly, ' If I told you you would only la more antry than you ors now, o what's thle good?' ' Nar, out witl it. I knoe I'm inclined to ealatleos ty fricesds; but I solald enot, yo nay be sure, if I had not the fullest confidence in thesm.' ' That is 'plain for all men to see," andl you vill be annoyed if I pe:tk oat, but I will risk that, fryour wrath will aoon bloweoser. S[y thouglets come to this: I am not lsure there is not ometellin wrog about tho.e diunonds.' 'Vretg! 1Iow could there pssibly ete ' 'Ilhaean't enatlyeed tie thielsg elearh" vet. Iar. you examined thle stones terefally snce yougot them back i' STo tell the truth, I never'thoughlt of it; odly just opened the case and laid lthem in tile -?hineltasqeuiekly and quietly as leos-ible. llut I what eouldhaplelen to testls. Mrs. Wnleotonsly eft hlere on Saturdely, and the diamonsds were arek on Monday. What coul hlavo geons wrong I in that time? t ' ?Nothling in tlht time, certainly; bu-' 'Dot what' I SDon't le halst. I was thlinkin--- By the-way, have tliote stonles been seen by an ex peret)seller lately?' 'es, not twno monthlls ago. Some fastesning lad coms loose when we were ulp in London, und my ntothier took thlem to Ioaskell'a ; I waos with hler ausd remember what thle man said of tbssn.' 'I'll askone tking ofyou, theo. Letus hlave those diamuonds examined. If tlhere is any- 1 thing wrong, it is full time you slholdl ksnow. 1 If they are all right you will have a legitimiate roreover me, and you may crow as loud aso ever iou like.' I till felt provoked with Illarton, but hlero wa?s clhansv, indeed a svrtainty, of proving his suepicions unfounlded, and shtlowsug tlhat cnst tie astlte lartote was sot nlfalliel, so I cos seuted more readily tlhan I should otherwese I hlave done. 'All right, liut how are we to got them awsay I to be looked aut withloutmy mothler's knowing ?'st 'lBring a IIl:ct over fromv Peritlh or Carlisle I when MIrs. IEaston is out, and oestensibly for some other purplose.' Anld thlis was whal t was done. Thle man for whoms I sent hald mlore knowledge, as I knew, I thanu mostlocal jerellers, and waies te. Ito ctlIse the next afternoon, and, while moy mothler was lpayihga cell, exsminstel the paruro with I trtolenssd myself. To stey sunutterable con-. fusion and horror, he pIronouncedl thIe stones no stones at all, but pase, and not very good paste, either. tarton did not laugh now; hIe was too metlh conlcernedl about sy obvious distress and nnnonnnce. To fined one's idol so utterly altterecd waK n stunniing bltow; but I led to arouse myseIf, for there were others to be con. [ sidered. What on earth was to be done? Th original stones were worth many thousands o pounds; I did not like that loss, but th tprospect of my mother's trouble, when the truth became known, vexed me infmitely more. .a 'Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 'lot us keep it quiet for the present. I have no doubt Mr. Itawthorno will say nothing about it to any one.' Rawethorne, whom he had known for years, promised silence, and I mn sure he kept his promise. After lie had gone, Marton 'I don't know exactly whaus mI e me sues picious, except the conviction that I've seeo that woloma before and in connction willt something that wasn't straight. You said there wasnu't time to get thoose stones changed between the Saturday, the day Mrs. Walcol left Earnshaw, and the Monday when you got them back. But how, if it wasn't Mrs, Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on thle-which day did he go? Wedaes day?' ' No; on Thursday by an early train.' ' Well, if the took them on the Thursday, he could get them changed by the Saturda night ; no doubt lie had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach-Birmingheam most likely; the posted them, you said, in Leamnington.' 'But how could they have got the dlia monds `' I made one more struggle in my unwillingness to believe. ' I don't think that they were out of our sight at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinner, and at thal tiune my mother would herself be dressing in thie next room with the intervening door open; and wher they went to bed.' ' Ah were they iren bed all night? Your bedroomis the next the boudoir; did your hear any one enter, or any noise?' ' Nothin ; I skep roundly-by the way, yes, but I id. I heard that wretched Venuu nuiling about, and I told Mrs. Walcot ini th morning that Venus Uas not much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about ' What did ste say ?' ' Nothing that I remember.' ' Be sure he got hold of tlhem then, and took the dog either to give warning, or to afford al excuse if he were found at that side of tihe house by saving the dog had slipped out and he hadfollowerl to find her. A pretty piece of work you will have to get them back. If you go at him straightl he will declare the stones are as his wife broulht them, and that you are not actm,. as a gentleman should-that is where he will have you-in suggesting that theybavo changed them. So often hhubans have sold their wives' diamonds and substituted pasts that he can easily insinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks, without the mater, your agent, your banker or any one being the wiser, and he will ay you have taken dvatags eofe what he told you as a trusted friend; he can make out a specious case, and a mut of that stamp can invent other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Waleat stayed alone with you L think you said, from the Thursday till the Saturday. I suppose you don't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only recover them?' ' Certainly, and twice as:much for the thing neverto have happened. I can hardlypersuade myself even now that they could be guilty of such knavery.' Marton said no more, but laid hold of a Bramdshaw, and despatched a telegram,, the reply to whichgave a plausible excuse for his going off the next morning, and since I was too uncomfortablo to rest quietly at home, I said I would go with him for three or four days. But there was another thing to be done; take the trinkets with us we must, yet we could not take them without my mother's knowledge. Marton's readiness and decision solved the dilfi. culty. He asked re to show him tihe jewels; he then deliberately snapped a bit of the set ting, so that two of the stones were loosened. I stared in atuazement, buthesimplymsid' Wait,' and put the case barick in thre cabinet. After dinner, as it was a rainy evening, MarIon made as though hd wanted to be amused, and asked my mother, like a spoilt child, to be allowed to look at her diamonds for a treat. She was rather hurprisoed at such frivyoity on the part of the sedote and sten Msrton, hut of course hado them brought. As soon as the casowasopened, anrd she became aware of the accident, my mother was loud in her lamentations. and had no thought about anything except how themis. ortunoe had happened, ard what was to be done; but she was somewhat pacified when Marton suggested that we should take the set up to town ti tIhe monling rand get the mischief remedied. I wish I had thiat man's promptitude anrd nerves. The next night saw us irn close conference with a detective--I hate those crawling creatures, but there was no choice-and we re view the situation. Where wer the the Walcots ? Since they would doubtless brazen it out if diretl elralleugecl, titer would probablyh not be s4recirallymaious to coneerl Iheir rfherealsuts. I they had spoken of returning to Mrs. Christio's for a couple of days, and then visiting some friendls before going over to Paris, eo Mrs. Christie would probably be able to inform us where they were. HaId they the stones with them ? We guceted so, and that these stones were to be disposed of across the channel. Sono time was to be lost; if they went be yond seas, good-.bye to our chance ot recovering them. IIow on earth were they over to be got hold of? VI. (Letter from Mr. John Done.) KIzssuO ," June 18, 1880. Sn,-- On leaving yon after receiving your instructions, I started for this place, the nearest station to Lythe Court. There is likely to be considerable difficulty in getting a foothold at the Court,butI decided to make m approaches ia a groom clanging his Irlacr and taking a fete days' lolidayin the neighbourhoo d, having lived as a boy at 'ewmarket, and knowing consider able about horces. Not to takb up too much time to the telling. I may say I was soon at home there, and made free ofthoservants'-hail, where, by means of a civil tongue with the ulprer servants, and a chiruppey manner with tile maids, bteing also able to siunga lively song, if called upon I became freolly with the lot, so could cendicr who was likely to bi useful, and learn the ways of the visitors. I found Mrs. Walcot didn't have no maiLd with her; the houskeeper's niece, rwho was visiting her aunt, lady's-mahied her; but she was no good, nervous, and no spirit about her. There was a middling lot of servaeits, what with tlh visitors, but at last I tlied on one, sir, us you might not think. She was an Indian woman-a nurso a uyah they call them, to tfhe nieces of the mistress, ris. Hamilton, as had come from India in the spring. She was uncommon, dark, rather am:all, but had a firanish look about hlier ilouthl, amnt hier .ladrrish ,i eck eyes misred nothinig. I guessed alsr would not stick at trifer, and wourl kInowi as well as most our corunan lunguage, wLich was loundrls, lrhillirgs, and pencec; and itseemed beat to lubricate thre machinery freely. Whed wee had cors to au uIedertanrdilir how I watcd sometlrhing dorneo pariculaery quiet. I told her who I waits uand hat 1 was after, aulnd hiowr this couple wta sullrposod to be in poaea?sion of the stones inoin hr hrve been eh:ulgcd. I wante.l her to lind out if they had the s:oines withll tIheIi, and if so to get themi into her handi, chlelling tlrhem if lrossibl for tile false ones, but lnryholi geCtting te stonesir . And I nrotrnictd e sovereign dovn on the ndl forevery stone, big or lihtlce, andu there was known to be 157. You sloulr have seen her eyes glisten when I tolr her fhow muechI it was in their money, rupees, and Welrr I showed her the blg of shiers. I proposeld we lsorld lretecld to Ih k-clpin:: cOnlllalrnyL, ad we should have nothingr t, bothl-er us fit tie othlers' chlrft. Sh?e LIruglt ro direliech. That sameu nirght rire told mei in thie shirbbery she haddiscovered th:lt Mrs. 'Walnot ldreCed early fur dilnner, and alway, lccked helr trunks beirreee irinrXii dorwn an;d rrrleiod th. kr.yt in her pocrect; the little slog crnus slepi iii their iroom; they locked tie rooim.door regrularly very nIighit, and thlere wats a stlh revolver iir her rhesing-:lrg. The tirst supllositior wcetslhat the itonres, if they had them acrt all, were in their trrniks. Th I much doubltedl ; still tihe search hLd to be made, anld to dlo this eitler the locirks must ,i, pickeld or Mrs. WValcot's ker s he got holl of; the fonrmer alternative secmedl harder, ri tlhe locks wourld prolbbly be well made, but it would tohki less tire than w.dtiling to securer thl ikeys, anl timu e was ai object. Actorfliely I prut into thie iavh's hrands : i bunch of skthetoi keys to try het luck with thle loclrs, and if they oillered n rciaiunrce, to overhaul tihe trunks that night whlile they were at disreir. This venture wans .-succesfil in onre iway, ut not in imotheLr. Thie eworan'r skrilhd liLgers in:stcred thelocks, blut therewero noldiaonids. ' Plity of pretty illigs,' shel id. 'h ut ni ti:Ironds'; shi hadl the wit to coe ii the trins had any secretreeeptcl.c. I told lier to ecxr ine the high hreelsof hfrehoe, the lh:ck ivory ]sair brusles, anid all culals of liir, but it was no tlen he or she errio:l the:n about ? 'Whlich? She for choirc, becausel if founl on h lr it could be attributed to kloptomania, wlhich woulde't ailply to him. R, sio tIe eomllic.alhons of a woman's drews afford hirling plrces whlich tlhe sccretivcner. of her char:cter delights in. r Concluding, then, that ,ho had them about Sher, we had these dilliculties to counteract: I 1. The presence of her husband. S2. The little dog. 3\. The locked door. 4\. Therevolver. 6\. Finding the whereabouts of the stones.~~" 6\. Getting them. An hour's quiet walk in the lanes settled my plane. I concluded that the business must le donoeat night, if it was to be donq withouet reseorting to violent measures, antd 1\. The husbanld must be got away for one night. . ' 2 Venus must be dosed with a soporifie (and her mistress, too, if necessary). 3\. I know how to overcome this. 4\. The mechanism of the tevolver mut be disarranged or the cartridges damped. 5 and i depended n th e skill aind nerve of the ayah. And the steps I decided to take with regard to each particular were these : 1\. To get the husband off the groundl, he must be summoned away elsowhitherto by a telegram; but from whom, so that he would believe it genuine arld act on it ? I set Sailyah, that was her name, to watch the letter-.ba not that ho was very likely to entrust anything important to that, which anyone might see and then strolled down to pick up whatsecraps of information I could by hook or crook at the poet- office. And hers I had a fine piece of luck. As I entered the office, whom should I seo hbut Mr. Walcot himself, just handing in a telegram. ' What's this name ? Barrett, is it ?' asked the ofeichil. ' Yes,it's plain enough,' was the reply in a sharp tone of annoyance. ' B, a, r, r, e, double t,' slowly spelt the ni. moved operator, ' and are these letters E. C.Y ' Yes, can't you read ?' replied Mr. Walcot, very wrathfully. ' E.C.' repeated the oman in the same monotonous way as before; ' affix the stoamp, please.' This was tihe last straw. \- you,' said my geutleman, and quitted theofoice, slanming the door; the telegraph man had to lick the stamps himself. That wasn't my business, though I'd have lI:cked a hundred stamps for thie information I haul {~ ot. Itetunniti at 'trCe to any rooms, Iwrote to a friend I oftenc work with- to-'.ad.this message without fail next day from some office in the E.C. district: ' T> Walcot, Lytho Court, Kempston. Meet me at the Grand 10 tonight. Barrett;' and f also asked him to despatch this at 9.30 next night: 'Walcot, Grand hotel, Trafalgar-square. Had to go suddenly, Paris. Barrett.' I should tihus get Walcot away, and too late for him to return that night. He would come back next day without having his sus picions unduly roused, and without hunt ing up Barrett. whoever hie was, supposing him oil for France. I guessed ho would take the bait, because he seemed riled at any one hearing Darret's namein the telegraph office. I warned my co-operator by wire to expect an im portent letter. 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a bit of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle Venus com fortably for the night, and two or three in madame's cocoatina would be just enough to make her sleep rather heavily. 3\. I told the a-ah to bring me the key of the hedroom door at 7.4t5, when tihe gmuests would have sat down to dinner. I had dealt with such before. Everykey of tide kind has a solid stem ending in a kniob or boss, widch stands outermost rathe locked door; with a narrow flat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit an eighth of an inch deep, making it like a screw. By inserting a small screwdriver or broken pen knife in the slit, it was poseibl to make the key revolve, and open the door ; in the same way the bolt might be shot hack again and the door relocked andapparentlyall be just as before. Of course the lock should bo oiled so as to work easily. Most peaple think it safer to leave the key e the lock1 but this is no good if the key has been filed hko the one I held, and it never occurred to Madame Walcot to examine hers. 4\. With a hy-podmerio syringe which Saflyah hunted a--it belonged to one 'of the fine ladies-I injected a fow drops of water through the paper sheath of each cartridge the revolver held. They were safe enough now. All these points were duly dealt with; in the first only did we risk much, but our chances were as good as the enemy's, and as yet the enemy were unsespecting. As five and six did not depend on me I could only wait; buht I relied on tho ayah; there was a look about her slender brown fingers inthat reminded me of wonderful tales of Indian jugglery. 1 wanted her to take some chloro form it case of accident, hbut .sho despised this. Next morning soon after sunrise, she met me in our usual walk in the shrubbery with a calm face, hut in reply to my inquiry: ' What luck?' unfastened her lradgir and poured into my hat what looked in the bright early sun. shine like a shower of sparking dewdrops. I said not a word till I had counted out into her hands 157 sovereigns; and when shehad stowed them away I asked for the history of her adventure. This she told me at length, but I don't give.it here, for she has to take the children to London to-morrow, to ereet some other relations, and as she will stay at the Arundel at the Fbankment,'nogreat way from the Temple, I thought you, sir, might like to see her yourself and hear her tlotratm her own lips. Sihe had hardly ended when she heard a window open sbove, and peering uni through the screer of leavec saw the fare of Mrs. Wal cot, looking bright and fresh in tihe early mnorn ing light. I'm a hard mlan, but I could nothelp feeling sorry for her, deceiver though she was, when I thought how much on the wrong side of the balance her acecounts woerelikely to make up. I shall return by the mid-day express, and bring the diamonds to your chainbers in the afternoon.-I am, sir, your obedient servant,' Sidney Marton, Esq., Temple; London. P.S.-We were only just in.time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, where I strolled so as not to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. Walcot was coming down by midday train, and they are off to Paris on Friday. .. J.D. VII. 'Well,'said Marton, ashe folded up Dene's report, ' I suppose that is about the end of the business, eacept intervieowing the man, and getting the diamonds. It is to be hoped that the supple-flugered Indiarl?hasn't tricked Deno after alluand keptthe geiurine articles herself. Dy-the-way, I should rather like to hear what that women has to tell us. Step down with ma to the Aranden, and we will try to find her.' I did tiot much care to hear anything more about the abominable business ;. but as Marton seemed to wish it, and I was ao indebted to him in thematter, I smothered my disinclinationand went.' . afilyah was not hard to find, and this is the tale she told us: , " " ' As soon as I heard the gentlemen disperse from rtie smoukig-room, and the house at last angle of tire corriauor. I had taken care to open tbheasemen t before, andothe night wan perectly eater, co that I ceold calet whatever soutnrds came from Mrs. Waict's rooms, as they were reached from the oppositeiwnll; I heard her talk toher log Verus, --Poor dear creature, what makes it so sleepy then)" (I could have told her); I hIrs1 her" open ntl shut with a click hertravelling bag, and soon followed ncother hart metalhelsoluad, srct I tuessed cartr from layling tho revolver ocr tire little toarhie rtuhiehy tie b.side I heard tire clinkitg of tire spoons ict her cup of coceatina, then tire sound of the ceouiroid sourerietlewn: thoe ten minutes of shruflling, thei a long wrwn--of which I was glad, for it meant drcow'iness--tho light went out; hut at this time of year there is a dim luster clear enough to see by all night. Soon all wasm still. I waited there a full hour, that ]earsleep mightrhe cettled ard deep. Next I loekelto see that all the toors in tlie c,,rridor were irosel, so that there might be no draught to shut any of lircm with Sawakreeirg hang, though as the iright was calm, there was little chance of that; still it rar' well tobe , the safe eide. 'rhte wih the smali screw-driver Sir. Decl garv me I rorthl turnle tlti key, trrshing back aigainst the yrring, but not rehtxrig my hold trter the r lsasranlc ' was overcome, i o that thero -Di.- ri SOulrd; then I turned the handle, and as this, like ill at the Caort, wa-s well-littot ; it cranh no noie'; inch by inch I opcend the door, a id iat last I stood insei 1; 1 in; d nothing with me Lut the bl g conhtrii ing tlie falsi stones, a delicate feather, and my oton skill aid courage. , I sitood al considered. I couhl see a little Iate thearre tire eloeras? ir-'arhinig hreaily it tre lrvi cre~k te etire hesrirbli trbhe. .Mes. Wa'r. rciter1diher fiaottlnmedttiteiillthorewarytl u-d as first a- ,:rlr Then I slipllied roulrri tire lid tail oleerved lhe sleeper. One hrnd lay outsire the coquerlet, the other was placed hicnath her chitekaridr Iartelelips. but whether it itlt ay-. thing c ade n..t be licsa" tore. it shi taeri ley. aoitil C 1,|.s miye handi brireath tire |lrfiOW. Atnd illeto Cgaa iin)" tLL Tort lves roartd of tire udial thieves, iand how, by aakiai re sleeper b s aettrq c~l t e cni steal aiwoy the s-ery bcd-lclothrei orr slhtic It ic ly'itg. All title I knew acua many another trick of hand cAutm noe?, one slightest touch of the tiny Ifeaither, slteiueettherlreard; anthrdurterch, hecr hrairtstirredt a Clird, lieheart1~ turns halt Iurounat itl. held toe-tely- ir tier litigere, ap~prlres ito thre twiltight a errrmli inrthernt 10g..BNtir for the test of delirate skill; hardly a hrrsh, hardly more than a fanning of thie turface of those slonderv ngers, and thle hold relaxes ; touch the bag, the treasure is mine -no,' not yet-the hand slowly begins to close ngain. Shall I s lteh e thprze? o; such roughnees is only for clumsyltrods; let be awhile; yet one more subtle soirring of that satin silk, the faintest rufl e; her hand once more uncloses andremains unclosed. Softly I grasp the bag, untying the thick cord of silk, and bury it my pocket, where the damonds eo no sound as they fall; then, withdrawing my hand, I unfasten the other bag and insert it in the neck of hers, smoothor ig the two in my shawl as I reverse their post. tion, to drown the rioise of the movuing stone. And now it is done, the silken band is tie I again.--still she sleeps peacefully-and lastly I replace the hag near her hand as it was before. Was it part of my natural cruelty, or thy pride of triumphant skill, that made me yet once more touch her hand, which, as it opened and reclosed agains grasped tle bag, to com pleto the tunhappy woman's deception? All over now, save an easy retreat; one loo' around to see that no traces are left; softly I open the door, oftly pauos tlhrough, softly cloi it again; ' I go down .the stairs and lass out into the cool nilht air, where I walked in the shrubbery till ttr. Dno came, and I gave him the real diamonds. Ah, Sahibs' she added, you armour masters, but you have a gre~ deal to lean from us.' Vilt. lut I had an experience yet to come. Ths next morning Marton and 1 decided to finlt the buasinae by taking fite stouts, with the settihgs, to b replaced; mid when that wa done I vowed I would meake my mother ko:p them in a safe; indeed, I had written the night before to Gaskell, the agent, to ord:r one suitable for the wall in my mother's boa doir. We were just turning into the jewellero' when-good heavens!-whotm should wo moeet face to tace but- the Wualcots! stammer:d out something, and felt hot all over, anl utterly iaeralble. hardly knowing whether I was snanding on mylheels ormy head ; and th :y (lid riot seem much more at their ease, at leas , Mar-ton said so afterward. He was calm aid .impcvturhal? ?l.and never,_ said, enjoyed a, scneu so muc I m ?fP'hft"tmW1g'Sn"aevu-ts played their parts in a manner that was beneatll coatetmpt. At last, after some of the tritest and most trivial remarks, we gat disenteangled and managed to say 'gool day.' It was natural to me to be awkwr rl at a crisis, but they were people of th~e world; presently, however, we found what it was that had disconcerted them. We were just unfolding our business to the jewehller, the same man who had so greatly admired these stanes a fewt months before; he remarked how much more fortunate we were in our pas Eessiou than the lady and gentleman who had jastgone. 'sHw so?' asked Marton. 'They wished to disposaof some valuable diamonds, they said, and we were not unwilling to become the ipurcha?ers of really good stones, but when they untied tile little leathern bag which contuined them and poured them on the counter, I saw at a glance that they were not genuine stones, and told them so, I Ilve never seen people more surprised or amazedt. He muttered ' After all that trouble,' but site had not a wordto utter, in fact she seemed dazed anddstupofied. Pray, cau you tell me, sir, who they are, if I may take tile liberty; I think they epoke with you as you entered ?' 'Their nameno is Walcot, and that is about all I can tell you.' SAnd Gerard,' he said as we departed, 'that was about enough; to any one who knew them it spoke volumes, ay, whole libraries, didn't it? Anyhoesc, I think we have been ' upsides' with them, asthey say i your coun try this time.' nd Ithor ht too.-sJohn Paor, in s.l grarla. 