AN AUSTRALIAN RACECOURSE. . (FROM ST. JASIES'S BUDGET.) ? f In the Parliament Houses at Melbourne Australian democracy may be seen characteristically at work ; on Flemington racecourse it may be watched at play, and showing by its behaviour which occupation is more to its taste. There is probably no country in the world which offers to its inhabitants so many opportunities of amusing themselves as an Australian colony. The population of Victoria slightly exceeds a million, spread over an area equal to England, Scotland, andvWales ; and there are more than 300 race meetings every year, of which nearly one- fifth are held in the' immediate neighbourhood of the capital. The interest in cricket is rapidly declining, and racing has become the national pastime of Australia. The peopleAhave adopted what wus once styled the sport of kings. ' When a new township is laid out, the proposed racecourae is tli'e chief feature in the plans. Though there is ?hardly a duy without a race meeting, tresh fixtures are being con Btantly added to the calendar. Many of the meetings are, no doubt, rough-and-ready scrambles at the out-of-way stations up country ; but the majority are properly organised as in England, .and they are held on racecourses which are second to none, in the old country. The chief racing clubs are recognised by special acts or the colonial Legislatures, and have legal sanction for their proceedings. The privilege has not been ubused. The absence vi the rowdyism which usually infests an English rucecourse is remarkable. The spectacle of 100,000 Anglo-Saxons ...enjoying themselves in a quiet and orderly manner can only be seen in Australia, where democracy at pluy gives a more favourable im pression of the country than democracy at work. The spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club is held towards the beginning of November on the racecourse at Flem ington, less than three miles from the heart of the city of Mel bourne. It lasts a week, and is the sporting carnival of Aus tralasia, reaching its climax in the race for the Melbourne Cup. lue vast majority ot the population is either directly or indirectly interested in one or more ot the 5,000 racehorses of Australasia, and most of them either possess or create for themselves excusea for visiting Melbourne during the Cup week. Squatters from the . banks of the Murmy or the Murrumbidgee find that particular business, such as the necessity of exuminingsome new device for tjie extirpation of rabbits, calls them to the colonial capital at the end of October; miners from the hills where the wild gold Rrows come to buy new crushing machinery ; architects and en Kineera from neighbouring colonies come to inspect the latest Iactorie8 and buildings ; while ladies from up-country and the Huiall towns discover that they can no longer postpone a visit to u .dentiat or a dressmaker. It haa likewise been found that the uiiashipof the Australian squadron always requires docking at »♦ llhamstown during the spring meeting. All roada in .burope lead to Home, all roudB in Australia lead to Flemington. To not a few native Australians the Melbourne spring meeting afiorda the only opportunity they have of keeping themselves in touch with the civilised world and ot relieving the monotony ot a lonely life in the bush ; and it muy therefore be regarded not only as a means of amuaement, but also aa poasesaed of humani3ing 'illuencea. Its success is greatly due to this cause. It is more than a mere carnival: it is a congress, a diet of antipodean wvihsutiou, aud ua such it exerciaes a beuelicent influence oVer Australia. Not less thun £150,000 was expended in reclaiming aniarsliy uact of ground near the Saltwater Creek and in aduptingit to the purposes of a rucecourae, with the result that Flenrington is aa nearly perfect as money can make it. A branch line of railway pvi't8 V1 a 8tttti°n immediately in rear of the grand stand ; and the exits from the platforms to the stands, the paddocks, and the mu are so arranged that, even wheu a train is arriving almost ?J*JSL °»nute, there is little crowding or hustling, though nearly »tv° People are deposited on the course within three hours. . * ue journey troui the Spencer-street terminus in Melbourne to „, |e«nington occupies only a few minutes, and the passengers si? uncharged upon the lineat racecourae in the world. On one t ... hl1,1 ri8e9 above the course of a Buuicient height to overlook fi, ?i?t?nd atund- 'i'wo intersecting ovala lie en the ground, one th» t racca- tUe otlleit l°r Btcenlcehaaea. A terrace runs along ifiL fo# -»* fuo «ruml stand, and below it a long green \\\'* 'kirta. the bouudary fence of the course. At.onp.end ok vuelawaurc the middling paddocks, tho betting rins, nud tho ?Sa^Iadn(r-office'3;, a?d the other end is gay with flower byrnqng stand, .whither those who cannot find room on crowded flitting to and fro or sauntering on the sward Aa a rXthev dress well though without ostentation. No public ga^thering in England shows a higher general , average of good taate in dress Al? ?E Dly 1S a.public holiday throughout the colonfof Victoria. All the shops in Melbourne are closed, and even some of the schools. As to the appearance of the city during the ea^lyhoJrs , of the afternoon, no one can speak with accuracy, for no one has F^JnlnTned^ifc ^hile the 8truggle ior the C& is Soing on at Flemington. The city is supposed to wear a Pompeiian aspect, and weird echoes are believed to resound in the deserted streets as the ghosts of departed aborigines revisit their former haunts? The military band on the lawn plays the National Anthem as the coach from Oovernment-house drives up and deposits in the Btate box most of the Australasian Governors, attended by their aides-de-camp and private secretaries; and the last touch of adornment is given to Flemington. A Hurdle Race over three miles, and the Railway Handicap, a six-furlong spin, fill up the interval before luncheon. The plea3antest part of a day's racing is the luncheon hour. Those who have lost their money are convinced that they will recover it in the atternoon : those who have won are serenely content and fear no ill luck later on A Flemington luncheon is not an uncomfortable scramble for food but an orderly repast under the shelter of a roof, followed by a stroll among the flowers on the lawn or a visit to the birdcage. A race for two year olds with four starters immediately preceding the great event attracts little attention, and is over before half the people are aware of the Btart. The saddling bell rings for the Melbourne Cup and the stands are soon 'filled. The lawn is for saken, and not a gap is visible in the tiers of seats. A sudden hush falls upon the multitude when the horses are seen to be in motion. The first minute of- the Cup race is the stillest time of the duy. A crowd, of 150,000 people is standing motionless and silent. The effect is unearthly. It seems as though they were bewitched. Then a whisper is heard, and a low murmur, which bursts out into a wild roar when the horses turn the corner for the run-in. The black acres of human beings on the flat and on the knoll flash white in an instant, as all faces are turned towards the winning-post. There are a few seconds of breathless excite ment and the Melbourne Cup is lost and won. The. winning horse is led through the crowd on the lawn and presented like a knight of old to the Queen of Beauty in the Government-house box ; and the Australian carnival ia over. The excellent bearing and demeanour of the vast Flemineton . crowds seema astonishing to those who have seen a British mob . tuking its pleasure. Scarcely a drunken man can be found, and none of the demoralisation which often attends race-meetings at home is apparent. The Australians amuse themselves in a sensible and orderly manner. The crowd which assembles to witness the chief aporting event in Australia ia not only the largest, but also the beat behaved in the Anglo-Saxon world. Several Australian innovations mightusefully.be introduced on to English racecourses. The number of each horse is shown on a label attached to the saddle, rendering identification a more easy matter than when the colours worn by the jockey, which are often indistinct, are the only guide. A dial is placed opposite the judge's box, and the index-hand is released by electricity 'from the etarting. point and stopped at the conclusion of the race, ' so that the exact, duration is clearly, ahown to the crowd. ? In all hurdle races an ambulance is sent round the course. It may be mentioned that the demand tor beer ut Flemington is so great that the liquor is laid, on to all the refreshment bars ' through pipes from a central reservoir. 