To-Morrow— A i ragedy . (Concluded.'),. 1 ,. . Paul ranbed forward.' ; Luoy bad fallen on the floor in a deud fiiiiit, iier white fucj up turned, tbo holly elih iu her hand. ' Could b'oo havo heiird what v.-e wire Bay ing outside 1' Paul exuiuimtd in dismay, as' ho knelt bv ber i»idi-. ? I ' I thought y-v. i-pnko quitb.low,' said his brotbor, ulmost tqually ttuliaat, bis fueo pale ' ami perturbed. ' . - ' Tommy, run unci feieb yonr raothc-r ?' They Uft Lucy in Mrs. Norton's care, Paul only being induced to accompany hij brother by bis sister-in-law's tepjatud aseurancas tha: j it was only a fainting fit, whioh she know per toctly well how to manage. ' Mr. Nortoa's atartlicg tala was true. Thera I on tho borders of tlia wood, partly screened by tho hushes, tho body of the stranger who had presented himself as Mr. Bcresford at Hazelmead tho day previoun lay, atari; and frozen, nmong tho long, frosty grass. IIo had beon siiot through tlio heart , and on search being made, a pistol waa found a fow yards oG — a pocket derringer, small enough to ba oonocaled in a lady's hand, but carrying tho doatllv, largo conical ball. V/as this awful deed suicide or murder? There was no sign of a struggle, norovidenco apparant on a ouraory elimination to tell tha tal-i. Mr. Norton notiiied the police, ond on their arrival tha body' was conveyed to o ia of tho outhouses, to awais tho inqucat. i\'o lotters bearing any a;lurc!?R or giving any clue to tho dccoaB';:i'a faindy or residenco wera found upon him. Inquiries nmi!n at the 'Tiger,' tho nearest inn to H.izeluiead, elicited that the deceased had arrivod there on foot tho day before', had partaken of refreah ment, asked the way to Mr. Norton's , nnd, said ho would return to the inn to sleep ;' biit meanwhile befirc thia information' roach'r.d Hazelmead, Paul Norton had returned to the house. ' fa Miss Liicy better t' was bis fli- st oagor, inquiry, ?' Oh, yes,' replied Mrp. Norton ; 'it was just a faint. Stie says b!io was feeling very ill this morning, as, indeed, any ono could J bob ; and sho waR startled, and afraid thero | waB something wrong when Hal called you out of the room. Sbe is rouoh better now, and is lying on. tbo dining-room sofa.' Paul ,went to -Luoy and bent over her with tendareBt inquiries and expreBsions of regretful fear that nis overheard conversation with bis brother had givon her a shoclr. 'j I never thougbt you'd hear us,' bo said, deprocatiugly. ' f urn torry I faintod and frightened you all,!' ahe murmured. Cut wonun aro wenk creatures.' you know,' aud her lip:, quivered suddonly into , a strange smile, a pale gleam of ghastly mirth. ?!Yco, we who are strong .must bo careful of you tenderer planto ; it ia our- place, to guard and shield you, Liicy, how I would prize tha privilege of cherishing you -if you would give it to mo !? I, love-you , oven more whfln enn ftrA naln And ill than in nnd briKhtneije*' 'f .1 .. ' lB;thig'a'tiine'tb talkci!' lovq^whcri doathi, ia no near'?' ,. ' . ? V ' 'Lovo is no pbild'a .play. ;,n is^orio 'of. the eorncat', things. ' pf ..life— tia', tijug'and rpal'.as death; itself,'. he rojtiiped , gravely. f' ,. ' ; .' , , i , Who taught 'y'pri( that . 'Yo,u !— it was you who. b'ava^aiight' ma what love is,' ,j. \- She Cxod her'ldrge'gtay^ eyes o'ri him with W iWild, denpaiimg gaze. ' ?'A,»I wonder would you forget me If'-'I were gone a^ay forever?' ' ? ?' ? E ul'a protestations wore cut-short byMrs. Norton's uppearanco with a cup ' of Btrong tea for Lucy. That evening, as Lucy sat with Mrs. and Miss Norton and Paul in tho parlor, thero was a ring at tho hall door, and on its bein'^ opened, a strange voice was audible in col loquy with the ssrvant — a'man's voics, rattier low, with, a peculiar resonant quality in its tone. Lucy glanced lip with a violent start. Mrs. Norton listened a momont, then went to the door, and onlled : ' What, ia it, Sarah ?' ; ' A gentleman troiri London wants to speak to tho master, ma'am. I've shown him into the diningroom.' Sir, Norton went out. Paul looked.nt Luey.' , ' ' ? ; , ? ? 'How you trerijblo I You are feeling worse ?' he aaked. ' I'm norvoua; tho leaat thing atartleartrs,' ahe ariBwered. s : ' You are ill, I am sure ; won't you go up stairs and lis down ? ' ho urged. : 'T think I will,' sho murmured, ? ' Let me help you,' ho said, eagerly ' lean . Jane Norton refrained from pressing hor Borviceu, and left Paul to lend Luoy his arm up the atnirs— a support not bo necessary parhapn aa he thought it. Luoy did not 'speak until she roaohed her own dojr j then elio said in a hblluw voice : ' Tuank you— you are very bind to mo — always. I don't thitili' I'll oome'dawri' Btaira again to-night.' ; -'? t No— don't; wo shall all mios you— but' (ry to sleep,' he said, tenderly. '' When Paul went down staira, 'hia brother, with a lighted lantern, was taking, the viuitor .nt'h» tin, ImaIt Jnnr. ' They've gono to seo tho body,', said Mrs, Norton, with tho grave and awe- stricken ex pression which teemed unuutural on her fair Iteeh, comely face. ? ' Who is it?' asknd Paul,' ' IliH jiami? is Pashwood— and,- Paul,' lowering her .voice,' 'lie's ,u polibomon in nlain clothes from' Scotland Yaid.' 'i'rom Sootlaod Yard ? Why, surely there is no time for them to have got a fol | low down from there ' already, even il they telegraphed on the in3tant.' 611a' ' iNO , 11 seems no ausn i came uuous mis business; be didn't know of the death. Ab far as I can make out ho came 011 soma errand about thia very Mr. Barosford, who, ! it appears, isn't Mr. Bjresford at all 1 Ob, | I dear I it makes my head whirl to think of I I And, ho asked libouc our household; and I, Paul, seema curious about Luoy— asked what our governeBs'B name was, and how long she'd I been with UB.nud aeemed to wish to »ee hor, l,T.;friar%a sra Beftm'g;Mn,giett''up in;';'Bomo myitiiry, Paul.1'; v' fi /f''' -';; I ! ' Some dreadfalmiifo's nest,' ha rejoin'ed,' abruptly, but Jwinoing. It is a detective's business to find mares' nests. Of course thoy make enquiries about'all the :membetB of a household when a tragedy liko thia hap pens.1 'But Luoy iB too ill to be troubled to night; it would be simply oruel to 'disturb her. | She wants rest ;' Fanny, you kind soul, let her have it.' ' I'd be the last one to worry her. -No doubt it is a policeman's duty to aBk allBorta of questions ; but this is a dreadful affair I' Anil Mrs.: Norton began to weep. ; Sho went up to Bee tho invalid presently; arid roturning assured Paul that she hadn't been worrying her at all— only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling her to go to bed. Excited and disturbed, thoy kept lato boura at Htfzelmoud that night. Paul was the last to go to hi» room, He tried to tread lightly, ns he passed the room whoroin lie imagined Luoy was sleeping; but his tiptoeing waa wasted care, for aa he reached her door it opened softly, aa if she hnd been watohing for him. She Rtood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, heir hair disordered, and hor eyes dilated with a fixed intensity 0* gaze. ' I hoped you were nsleep,' he said, look irg at her with, tonder surprise and ULxif-ty. . ' - ' 1 sbfdl sojn be. But T thought I would say pood-night to .you, P, ml.' ' My darling I' ho whispered, and lonaiy and reverently kisEcd her. 'Go to sleep, jove, don't1 fret nhput anything. If there is anything to trouble you, wo'il talk it over to morrow. I'll no! keep, jcu now.' ' Good-night,' r-ho 1 said, softly. 'You havo all been very kind fb me. Yoil Bball know what my troutilu ia to-morrow.' ' Good-night, my darling ; sleep well,' ho eniil., ? a Ftrango smile lit up ner lacs. ? 1 ' Yes, T shall sleep well,' sho replied. j Tlio silence of nigbt rested like- a pall on | Hazelmead. MoBt of- the' Nrrt'ons, weary l with the exoitement of tho day .slept soundly, j but Paul was restless; Towards daybreak,) break, however, ho: fell into a deep slumber, ( from whioh he waa aroused by a sudden con- 1 soiousno83 of some undefined horror, and dread, which resolved itself into a Bound 0! j hysterical Bobbing oomewhere — a muffled | murmur of horritied voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. Y,rtmt new calamity had hap pancil? He beard tho words, 'Keep the children in their rooms, and Bend for tho doctor,' and — what was that bis brother answered? ' The doctor can bo of no uss liorol' Hero— where? Paul rushed out into tho corridor; a moment took him to Luoy'a mom. . Mrs. Norton started at sight of him, and ?instb-otiyely .stretched her arms across the door ab if to keep him back. Hia brother, i palu and hurror-stnekeu, xtnnd bv Luoy's bad. ' What i3 it?' cried Paul, hoarsely. Mis. Norton could only answer by a Bob. Ho broke pant her like a mailman ; ho rushed to Lucy's side, looked down on her as she lay, whito and rigid — the marblo stillness, the I livid hues of douth on her face. One glanca waa enough; it, waa too trna that no doctor could be of any use here. Life had been, ex f.irmr FiVr-hnnra: ' ? A small phial, ompty, unlabelled, waa found under the pillow ; on the table writing ' materials were scattered about as if lately used, and among tiiem lay a letter, the direction uppermost to as to catoh the eye. It was aadr^Btud to Paul, aud thero, standing by his dead love's side, be read her last words. ' I toid you that you should know all about m to-uuinow. So you will— no doubt ol that. Tnc bounds will tell you all when they fiud chat I have escaped them. I am hunted down at lust. Thcru iB onlv ono refuge left .me, uud tuu'y will uot follow me there. I feel S as if I hud always kiiown this hour would! coiriejand I have kept something ready for it, as you will liud to-morrow. I Heard Dish wooa's voice, and when ho sees my faco bo will cell you who I am ; and he will guess what you nave hot suspeoted — that it was I .wb j eboi the man you saw as Beresford. He insulted and threatened me; 1 ban my little American pistol with mo, and I Bhot him. Ou, Paul, havo some mercy on my memory I Pou't chink mo bad! You' wouldn't if you only knew the martyrdom in whioh I have ex piated my , pa.it— the hopes I had of a better lite I Aud this last deed iB ho crime. I have rid the world of one not fit to live. ' Ho bad no meioy on mo, ana 1 nad none for nim. ile was tbo oursa o£ my lifo from first to last. I owe him' war so than death for the wreck and ruiu'he made of mo. ' Believe tho worst they tell yon of me — ex- cf pt one thing. - Of tho worst crime laid to ni} ci;a:ge I am innocent. Of the murder iii which I was uccuseu of complicity four yeurs' ago 1 am ua innocent. a3 little Amy; but who would believe it of a. wotuan wno has led my lite / 1 was . acqutcteu, out tow roally wought me innocent I 1 say ugain that lam J mi'joent of tnat. You've seen the ohildren j wish me. Don't you chink their white soula would havo felt it, if that had been true? My bauds vveie ctoaa of blood-guiltinoss — until labt nigbt, 'I couldn't bear the ohildren to ho near ma tOTilay— ii,seea,eti 8'iange they didn't Bhrink away. I know I -thall aeo tham again. I niigot have brazened this out aa I have oth^r crises nearly aa bad, but since I've known you I have been changed. I have felt us 1 used to feel when I was un innocent girl. 1 uiighii have been a good woniau it I'd known you earlier, arid bad your love to loau upon. '?As it is you havo had a lucKy escape; ttiil, a better woman could not lovo you more tnun I do. ' Now, good-by. 'Try to forgive and for got me. 1 never would have wronged you, but you iiiu well rid of me,' Do not tninli of mu as Lydia Walbrookl ' I left that hated name, 'tha; accursed lifo behind whon I camo heio. Think: of me only us- the woman who loved you' better than the life she ii glad to leave— nevermore Lyaia I only your loss ' ??? - ., , .-I'-:,:. |'LtOT.:! . . .„ . ' ?»; ' ? ; ' Years passed- away. At Haselmead Paul's pamtiug-iQom, was thut up ; ? the dUBt gath ered on the dcseriod. easel and old portfolios, and on the.o.no picture, which remained there, wich ita face turned to tho wall. _ Home bad been aweet tu him once, hut now it was home no liiore. ,; Wnon ho was . there, the bitter watera of iriomory, wont . over him; he could not bear tho associations tbat filled tho place. Evory corner was haunted by the image of the woman ho hud thought so good and pure, who was a am stained waii and ' stray ; notorious — for it was but a few yesra Bince the name of Lydia Walbrook bad been on every man's lips in a yet unforgotien criminal oaeo. He never Bpoke of the blow that crushed his heart, but the mainspring of his life was broken. All his assooiatea found . him a changed mat. -Hia fow intimates Baid among thomselvos that Norton . had under gone 1 somo terrible experience, and would never be tho Barao again, He tried to devote himself to bis art, but hia nature waa too emotional for art and ambition to fill the plaoo 01 love, ouccesu was as ueaa oea iruu to him; and against failure, when it camo, j [ he had no talisman of home love and faith to i comfort him. £[a had sont his hopes, hia I faith, his vory hcartr of life, to sea iu one I {rail vessel tliat had gono down with all on [board. And ao yeara rolled away, aud as, I last illnes3 struck him, down; hia failing hand had to lay the brush aside ; and thon, I weak uud lonely, ha thought of the oldbomu ''dipf bis, -early a.ny^irt&'cn (he to.vtri ?memories ol old, -overflowed in tbo bittein !.r'i ot tho later'past'; and tfien'he went back to Hazelmead,. ns. they, besought. him.to. return., ond be cared' for by bis' own' poodle— Werit''' ''''' back, as thoy all saw, .never to leave it mare. It was iiia fanejr to have tis old'den airangBd i aa - his sleeping. room. Aa be' gave inetruc tions for the moving of the' furniture, hi* eye dwelt on the picture leaning with its face . ;- ;; to the wall, just as ho. had turned it . y oara . ago when he wont 'away. 'Leave it,' he said. 'Don't touoh it; lot it be aa it. has been I' ..So, tin that room,, filled with sad meiriories, he lay hnd waited ' k for death ; arid who shall say what ghosts ? '? haunted bim 2 Were tbey 'all dark -abadows1 ; - of-the tragedy and horror of the past?— or,. ? . did Bolter visions mingle with them, of the tender dreams and golden hopea tbat once were hiB ? — did he recall the sweet honra he had . passed hore before the black and- bitter - seas went over his soul? ??? ? ? .Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein tho unframed eanvaa leaned against tho wall, .the dust gathering on the face tbat was turned away— hidden— yet not as the , faco, whose silent imago: it was, was bidden ? in the grave-mould, beneath:, the. cofBn-lid. ,. And one day, when all knew, the end must - be near, he pointed to the pioture ? and ? - said: .. . ' Turn it— sot it were I can Bee her,', , . . And his sister. turned it, and: swept away .. tho veiling duet, and be saw again. the sweet j. ; , pale faco, in its frame of golden.. hair, tlu.. lips of soft and subtle ourvo, the dreamy eyei ,, that told no tale of tragedy, for his.harid.bs.;^ not pourtrayed, because his. eyo had not it-,- v ognised,the black shadow of tier lifo. ;,i ,':t And g azing at tho portrait, hia lips \ivi unrenled, and bo talked of ber us ho bad duiv,. for years — spoke, not of bar sins and sui ? j, | fcriiigs, but reoalling trivial iuoia,ehta,,ii(i'...';... | memories of their happy diys. '.That niijii''.' 1 ns they watchod by lii.n: they kribiv hia dav.' 1 ' were numbered. ' Ho had sunk into' ari. un . , cooFoiousness that waa rather B.tupor.thuiv. Bleep. At dawn'he Uirrod, opened, rii^'fjvi-' , and bade them draw lip the ou'rtoina aria i'ei in the light. The chilly light of oir]y'iiiorri !: ing fell on tho portrait; ; He raised, hiiufiilf' '. supported in his brother's ..arm's, and strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to tho pio ' Cure hia band had painted. lie Fpoke ' lii' ' s. .voice' to which tha old ring: ot strongt!:' ' Beemed magically restored.' ' ; ' '' ? ' Where am I going— and /whGrb'iS she!. ' ' Last — lost — wbero are tlio Ibstsouls h ' ?'??'' ' Paul — Paul 1' hia brother replied; witli: ? ' ftolomn emotion, 'it is not for lia to tay1- ? Tbo meroy of God is infinite I' ' '? ' ' ' : - Tho dewa of death woro on Paul Norton'i brow, hia voico grew boarso arid hollow, bi' he anked with terrible earnestness : 'I Is my poor love lost? No, no— it'oaniio: ' ' be. , Somewhere wo shall mast. Sho taaiQ— to.' ? ?' ' morrow.' Then auddenly ey^s hialit-up wilt'- i - tt flash of wild and rapturous reoogniiioii af ''-' ho exclaimed : ''Not : lost 1 — not lost I . ; Ah, sje 1 she smiles 1 Yea, to-morrow, Luoy, to morrow 1' :l; TV', , That look of strange, unearthly raptur( . was on his faoa 'aa be diad; and, jwas il only hia delusion or did Luoy .smile, in- - deed? . 