THE NORTHERN STAR. WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1889. Local and General News. INQUEST.- Owing to the unfortunate absence of a juror, the inquiry into the causes of death of the late Mrs E. Osborn (proposed to be con- tinued at the Freemasons' Hotel, at 3 o'clock on Friday afternoon last), was not commenced un- til 7 o'clock the same evening, when a number of witnesses were examined. The evidence was not concluded until 12 o'clock - the jury being then left to consider the matter. We left at 4 o'clock, when the jury, being unable to come to a decision, were ordered some refreshments, and locked up by the Coroner until 8.45 the next morning, when they were discharged, being un- able to agree upon their verdict. There was a large attendance of the public, principally youths and young men, in the vicinity of the hotel dur- ing the night, and the tension of feeling was very pronounced ; but the police being present under the charge of Sub-Inspector Carroll, and Senior-Sergeant Wells, prevented any breach of the peace from being committed. In the mean- time the full evidence taken by Dr. Bernstein has been forwarded to the Attorney-General for perusal, and until his decision is given in the matter, we are precluded from publishing the same ; but may state that, in our opinion, all the evidence yet given tends to show that the deceased committed suicide when in a state dementia, caused by drinking, and family troubles. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- It is notified that the following will be declared forfeited with thirty clear days from date,- Not within any holding - G. Mobbs, 40 acres, county Rous, parish Ballina ; T. Kennedy, 100a., Rous, Jas- per ; Ditto, 40a., ditto ; G. H. Jarrett, 40a Rous, Newrybar ; H. B. King, 40a., ditto, G. Coleman, 40a., ditto ; H. G. Small (now H. Small), 190a., Rous, Billinudgel ; H. G. Small, 298a, ditto ; C. H. Ganshirt, 100a Rous, Cudgen ; A. Irwin, 40a., Rous, Wollumbin, Within Resumed Areas.- H. McPherson, 340., Rous, Broadwater. It is proposed to validate the following Conditional Purchase within three months from date, - A. D. Hanna, 50a. Rous, Brunswick. MUNIOIPAL ELECTION.- The election of an Alderman to fill the extraordinary vacancy, caused by the resignation of Ald. Glasby, took place at the Council Chambers on Saturday last, but owing to the continued rain very little interest appeared, to be taken in the matter. At the close of the polling, the Mayor, as Re- turning Officer, declared the result to be Mr. George Burgoyne Smith, 174 votes ; Mr. Vincent John Norris, 144 ; informal 2, the first gentle- man being duly elected The result was well re- ceived, and Dr. Bernstein returned thanks on behalf of Mr. Smith, who was absent in Sydney, and Mr. Norris also spoke. At the official declaration of the poll, on Monday, there were only the Mayor, the Council Clerk, Mr. Norris, and the Star reporter present, and Mr. Norris returned thanks to those who had voted for him, wished well to the municipality, and stated that he did not intend to again compete for municipal honors, and concluded by pro- posing a vote of thanks to the Returning Officer which ended the proceedings. THE ELECTORATE.- Mr. T. T. Ewing writes as follows to the Evening News of the 16th Instant,- "In one of your recent issues the 'number of electors in the Richmond River Elec- torate was stated as 5400, showing a decrease from last year. The number on the roll this year is 6237, being an increase of 307 over last year., The Richmond now stands second on the list of 'country electorates, Murrumbidgee being first with 7577 electors, but is being rapidly overtaken by the Richmond." [This should mean a population of about 25,000.-Ed. Star] DAIRY.- The proposed dairy factory at Nu- mulgi is likely to be successful, already 720 shares have been subscribed, and 270 cows promised to be milked. The promoters, how- ever, are desirous before starting, to give all those interested in dairying, who reside in the district, a chance to join in, and for that pur- pose have agreed to wait another month, and then go into business thoroughly. At the meet- ing held on the 11th instant,' Messrs. Wilson, Bulmer, and Maher, were appointed to hunt up the cows, and never mind the money as the com- pany is possessed of abundance. LISMORE POLICE ÇOURT.- In our last report of the above we omitted to mention that at a sittings on the 6th Instant, before Mr. G. Lar- kin, J.P., five cases were brought of parents not complying with the provisions of the Educa- tion Act, by neglecting to send their children to school, - three being fined in small amounts, and in two the summonses were not served. DEAF.- A person cured of deafness and noises in the head of 30 years' standing by a simple remedy, will send a description of it FREE to any person who applies to Nicholson, 175 William-street, Mel- bourne. LISMORE JOCKEY CLUB.- We have been re- quested to state that the annual meeting of the above Club will take place on Wednesday and Thursday the 14th and 15th of August next, and not as previously advertised on Thursday and Friday. The winner of the £150 handicap. ****** to carry in the Lismore Town Plate handi- cap, a penalty, of 7lbs extra. SCHOLASTIC.- The friends of Mr. Henry Newton, who for some years resident these parts, will be glad to learn that he has with credit just finished his course at the Uni- versity at Sydney. As an undergraduate, keeping terms at S. Paul's College, he managed to secure prizes (books) to the value of £27, and in March last, at the end of his course, he came out with first-class mathematical honours, won the gold medal, valued at £10, and was by the Senate of the University awarded the travelling scholarship of £150 per annum, available for two years. This prize, it may be mentioned was open to graduates of four years standing and under, and we hear there were several ap- plicants for it. Mr. Newton sailed for England last month, where, after spending two years at Oxford, he purposes offering himself for ordina- tion, for two years more he intends to work a Deacon in a London parish ; then, all being well, he will return to labour in his native land. It may be mentioned that for some years Mr. Newton was a pupil of Mr. Robert Laverty, now of the Public School, Rosehill. LECTURE.- Owing to the Court and Inquest sittings, and wet weather, the lecture upon "Protection, as a National Policy," intended be given by Mr. H. S. Elles, B.L., at the School of Arts, was postponed until a future oc- casion, when ths gentleman purposes again visiting us. THE C. AND R.R. AND M.R.S.N. Co.- Mr. Alt (Chairman), and Mr. Elliott (Director), of the above Company, visited Lismore last week for the purpose of seeing the district, and for- warding the interest of shippers, &c.;, by the above Company, but owing to the rain and bad state of the roads were prevented from visiting the Brunswick River, Byron Bay, and the Tweed River, as intended. They purpose put- ting on a steam drogher up Wilson's Creek dur- ing the coming season, and making other im- provements, and appear to be well satisfied with the conduct of their agents; and the bright future before this district, when the Bar is im- proved. They left per s.s. Electra, and hope to pay us another visit on a future occasion when the weather is finer. ATHLETIC SPORTS.- The following nomina- tions and distances have been made to conn- tion with the two principal events at the Odd- fellows sports, to take place at Lismore on Friday :- Allcomers Handicap, £15- T. Arm- strong, scratch, Jas. Clancy, 15 yards, W. E. Shorte 16, Boori (a) 16, R. Richards 17, J. McGettigan 18, C. Johnson 18, Jas. Mitchell 19, John Want 19, T. Lockett 20, R. Simes 20, J. Withford 20, J. Cook (a) 20, J. Livingstone 20, John Clancy 21, John Jordan 21, W. Rennix 22, A. Callaghan 22, W. Brown 23, J. Sherwood 23, G. Dillon 23, John Balmer 23, A. Olive 23, J. Garrard 23, E. McDonough 23, H. A. Baird 23, H. Drummond 23, A. Craig 23, C. Mitchell 23, T. Brown 24, John Peate 24, B. Edwards 24, J. Leu 24. Rd. Balmer 26, W. Murray 27. A. Campbell 29, C. Andrews 31, Members Handicap, 125 yards - R. White, scratch, A. Callaghan, 6 yards, K. Wother- spoon 6, W. Rennix 6, H. Baird 7, A. Olive 7, W. Tickle 8½, G. Dillon 8½, H. S. Scope 11, C. Balzer 13, H. Jarrett 13, C. Roffey 1< C. F. Frohmuller 14, Jas Mitchell, sen. 34 Acceptances close at 7 p. m. on Thursday. BANKRUPT.- A meeting into the bankruptcy estate of R. T. S. Peacocke will be holden at the Court House, Ballina, at 10 a.m. on Satur- day next, May 25, before the District Registrar STOP THIEF.- It will be seen from our Police Court report that one of the Goonelabah ghosts has been laid to rest for a short time - as a eccentric individual, partial to exploring hen roosts and meat safes, &c;, in the still hours of the night, was brought up at the Lismore Police Court on Monday last, and got three months in Casino gaol, for being unlawfully on the premises of Mr. C. E. Taylor, to whose spirited exertions we believe his capture was mainly due. This will, we trust, put on end for the time being, to the reign of terror that has pre- vailed at Goonelabah for some months past, and which has induced many of the residents of that charming locality to provide themselves with shot guns, revolvers, and big dogs, for self protection. BYRON BAY.- Our correspondent writes,- There are lying in the Bay at present one steamer, two schooners, and sketch, for shelter Passengers may be landed with ease at the jetty and should avail themselves now that the Rich- mond Bar is so bad. Nearly 20 inches of rail since 1st March. Roads in a very bad state. RIFLE MATCH.- On Queen's Birthday a match will take place, entrance 3s . The prizes will be a silver Card Tray, Silver-plated Cruet, and an Album. There will be five shots each fired at the 300yds, 500yds, and 600yds ranges. Judge Murray criticised the manner in which Police Court evidence was often taken down the river. The Judge remarked that the evidence ap- peared to be given by the attorney, instead of by the witness, a custom that was acquired in the police courts. It came out in a case at the District Court that one prize fighter could prosecute the other criminally. The Wardell and Lismore, Bands combined, will play in town on Thursday night. Fitzgerald's Circus is now in town. Mr. Newtown gives the Lismore Band a benefit on Thursday night. Admission, 3d. Rifle shooting on Friday for prizes. Sergeant Hamilton has gone to Grafton. As the Grafton Volunteer Corps is being disbanded, the Sergeant takes their arms and appointments to Sydney. The annual races Lismore Jockey Club have have been altered to Wednesday and Thursday, August 14 and 15. The lights at Court House are placed too far apart for presiding magistrate to see. The Judge used a kerosene lamp. Meeting subscribers to Lismore School of Arts will be held on Tuesday evening, June 18, to consider advisability of opening reading room on Sundays. The Oddfellows Sports on Friday to be a great success, and the weather appears likely to be favorable. Excursion with band on Friday leaves Lis- more at 8 a.m., for Cavalry Tournament at Coraki. The tender of Duncan Brothers has been accepted for erection of factory buildings for the Springhill Butter Company. 