i Bevel 1st. ThelMidnight Prophecj 0)t, * I HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. I Hy lCiiintti Oarrlnou Jones. I i; ciurrEit xxxvi. ! JLI'iril ri*M Ji club. ' . lAdyi: Cecilia Drumuiond- Imd iimuci carcl# for a lar^u party, ami it cliniicud t-Uat IviSy Nevillo'n maid had falluu ill, ? 'Uoii't you tliiyk you 9.111 find lima tli drew id';, Jurict, when you liaru -Iniii»- . witli lAdy Jlnrgucrito ?'f (jucfitiuiiud Jjcr lsdygliip. I ' i ' ? ; ?Itmet W£uj «uro elm ojtild. anil hccii nf- ingly, li*viiig roboil Lady IV.11I in ? Jier palu, gslduu silk, and fiutencd tlio jiuarl* uloul lier lovely Llir^ut and 111 iicr liair, tlio tripled ocrou lo Lilly iNuvilluii nugliiliccnt drauiiiiiccooin. ' : ' V'ou'll liave to imrry a trillc, Jim, it,?' eaid Jicr ladyship ; ' ivn'vo in tin, a lit IijM!, and I do not care to bo Into ' Ho.lanctnot t« work witli nimljlu fin^i'iV. Slio ttu an arlitt in licr way,- and liur tahte in drcs* wan ?ixiiuinitc. ; ' lUally, .Juliet, I muni, complimuiit your skill,' «aid tliu eurl'u liundtoiiiu , Hitler, nurvuyin^ lierntilf in u mirror ; 'my L iinir in perfect. And now,' »hu added, j graciously, ' lie li'' d enough In miluct wliat op-inonU I uliall tveur ; no doubt ?' you lrnow'iieltor than I.' Janet Biirv'eyed ln:r with 11 criticnl eyo, from iha crown of her liaudmimi! blondo head U» thu llowiny train of her mrouping l)lack velvet roll u. ' IJiawondt!.' uhe miid, curtly, unlock ing thu jewel-caw! ; ' tliu unliiuim in your bomim, anil theiiu braculela— not tliu banduuu, 'tis too heavy— and- theau cuiiiell iua arc much moru liecomini;, with x n epri« uf green and nc.arlet to give tlioin ' color.' Ludy Nevillo nmiled as Janet clmipud the jewoli, and fautoned tliu llou'era in her -i l»ir. ? 1 1 .. , | ' I shall h.ivejw bribe you nway from 1 Lady Marguerite,' she Bail], pleasantly. 'I have not been so well dressed' in a month. jAnd tliire's the carriage ; anil hero comcs Lvly. Pearl ! My cloak and gloves,' please.' Janet brought llicin, and as she threw tlio olegent niintlu over the- stately matron'slshouidirs, she said, in her quiit way : ; . ?'I anil very si rry. Lady Seville, but I shall bo compelled to leave on'SIon 'day.'1 '? |: ? i ? ? Lsd.v Xeville t iirned and stared at her iu amaze! ' ?- : ' To leave, J: net?' she cried. for what icasiMi, prav'?* Do you. want .higher wages ? I \V11at is it ? ' . .'-'Ko, -lny 1»4- ; my aro fatis faclory, b'lt there, are jnu-siuial niairers that forco me tb have, and I regret it very much.' I ' ' So db I, ' said licrjadj-ahip, candidly. '? You aro a refined, capable yirl, aud I sliould'Very iniicli like l.ady Maryuerito to keep you aftL'r her n-.nrriaye, . Janet. You would iiuve !a pcriiiaiicnthunic.'-. , 'I ami very sirry.V said Janet, 'but I: am compelled to go, at least for a time.' ? j : ' . ''But | you will come back to me, Janet,' cried I'e: rl, who had entered and heard the conversation ; '-you iriV/come .back lo ine ? : ' Indeed I 'wi 1, my dear young lady, just as soon as I ;an,'' replied Janet, tho tears rising to he : eyes. I' 'Well,'' said Lady Seville, i'I am sorry : but if it - anuot bo helped, there s .110 use in wasting words about it.: Come. Marguerite, thejearriage waits, and wo shall barely make the drive iu time. | Tliej- swept out of the room and down 1 tnc broad staircase, and Janet, crossing i to the window, watched tiiem as they en tered the carriage. v ; [ . Sir Bayard Broinpton, who was a guest , at the Towers, was their escort, of course. 1 He rail down tlid steps, bowing and sniil i ing, imdiassisteill. Ilie'm into the carriage, I and Janet's watchful eyes saw that Lady Marguerite, in her golden drapery, shrank [away from his Itouch with ill-concealed 1 aversion.1 '? j. ' : I 'i'oor little Pearl !' she sighed^ and tho tears' that fillild her eyes overflowed mid trickled down her cheeks ; poor little Pearl ! . S!ie dislikes hiin now, and she'll | hato him by ana liy. . Poor little girl, who never knevv a mother's' love ! It breaks lily heart ? to' leave '.her' in the 1 troubles | that's coming ; hut I 'must, 1 must and find ; my ' lady ! ' . There's, somethiiijr in my heart that tells mo I I must go 2'- . .[ | She turned from the window into the sumptuous apartment. All the roonis at the Towers were very quaint and graiid, and this one, clulseuiby Lady'Neville was very large; and Igorgeously furnished in blue andigold. ' Just across was a suite of three, in pink, aild white, and gold, which the earl had ejpeiciaily refurnished fur his daugliferj and beyond, gloomy and silent, was thegreat crimson state-chamber. Ihe birth aiuli bridal-room o£ the Strathspeys, closed and locked, and tilled with haunt ing spectres. | . : ? r : Janet Hums stood looking about her. the pale, rlhtxcn hair pulled back from her brow, hpr heart tilled with memories of days guue. byL She half fancied she coulil see;thje countess as she looked iu the early days ofher Ijappy wifehood, tripping through the grand rooms, and filling them -with music and (sunshine. And now, where was she ? Shut up in a mad-house, or perhapsdead ojf a broken heiirt ^ Thu gril locked her ha ids in fierce determina tion, her eyes globing beneath her frilled. CflP- ; =1 .. ' i. 'i 'I'll find her, 'bhe said, ' if she's alive or dead — I'll lin 1 her, luy dear, dear lady!' | . ' ? : She turned to the silver, and . ebony toilet tTible, and- begaii to gather up the costly trilles and jjut them in their respec tive places— jewels, and lacns, and dainty gloves, and gidd perfume .flasks, and all the nameless paraphernalia of a fine lady's toilet. i *? - !- ; Presently slio p eked up aliltle inother of-pearl card case, and as she was 111 the act of slipping it into. a drawer, it fell from her hand, 'scattering its; coutonts ou the carpek at lier l eet. J ' - . ; : Janet gathered them up, [pretty em bossed cards, all inscribed ] with . noblo Vilnius, aud was returning tlieui to the case, but one, coarser and larger than the rest, obstructed he closing of the liil. She drew; if out, ^and in so doing the printed name's upi fl it arrested her atten tion. . . | ' i . 'Milfrtid Granje, PrivatojAsyluin for the insane. ' Doctors : J. T.j CrauS nnd G'eorgo Me/ utosli, InariagerB.' ? For the moment she held 1 t i 11 her hand, half unconscious of what it meant. . Then the truth flashed upon her. She uttered a joyful cry : ? j ' ? 1 ' Thank Heaven, 1 have found thu cluo StlllSt !?' I ? .-.J : ; Meanwhile Ltidy ? Neville's carriage drove to the residence of Sic Vurliuy Drumuiond. : . ???.)? . . , ; i i . . . KirVarney, as we oinittedito say, had, 111 obedience !o a whim of his wife, taken H couiltry uiiausioii called JI'liu Kirs,' right under the sl'mdow of tilju Scutfisli fill Is, 'Arid I only nit hour's dtivo from Btrathspeyl Towers,. : 1 J- . ?i Lidy Cenil.11 liu|l boe.n moit cordially iiiviteu to | spend the , spring: iiiuntlis at Ihe Towers, with Lady Neville, but she took ii fiillijy lo liaje all estalilishiiient of her own, mud poor old Varuey gratified her, ns hojdid in -overi-thiug nine, awl now she was givin; a bsll'iif'Thu Kirs,' a kind of j masquerade, ^ hi which '.nil thu surrounding imign'i tcuwcro invited; : The Karl-of #t'a lispey was there, and hIso his li'j|ieful sou 11111I huir, Loril Angus. 1 NuW, Lord All).' us iv/is i hl/ick slieuir, but It doesjuot folljiw.that he was an ill. looking one, or aiiy ? Ihu less u fuvorltu with tliu feiiiininu portion of hisai'ijualiit uiices, lien ilcUWlcil' liiiii, ns limy al wnys do ft; rogue land a reprobate, no mutter tvhitt iinghljlie tlioir own privalu feelinys ; but ladips; as a general rrilo, fancied liiiii, for Liird A\i\tn*' whs hand. soiiiu, after a fashion, mid graunfully. iiii. innlunl, anil more (hull all fin was 1111 enrl III iirospective, 1 i lie opened tliu lull with Lndy Cecilia slid her ladyship iiievur . iu nil her llfu looked morn daz/.IIng, ' The daucu ovur, she sought the u-irl| lu's father, mid foiinii him 011 tliu biiluttrji'lu, staring out, at thu silent. -starlit hills.! 'Now, iny lord; earl,' wild the grace ful lady, laying a light hand oil his linn ; 'is tliii complimentary V I invilu you lo luy ball ; you come, aud 1 find you out hern slur (.iizing.' Tliu'curl turned imil faced her, aud liiii gloomy eyes briglituued. 1 Htrr tliemiy robus mid ^llntiiiQ; joweli, and her bright, bewitching face made i such apicture. r |,'I beg your ladyship's pardon,' he said, 'Mint l am in no mood forgaycty. tij-night ; yet,' I10 added, gallantly, '? the sight of you, like tho sun, has driven a Way half niv gloom already.' i'- Then let 1110 drive away tlio .other If,' slio said, gaily,' as 'slio took his aijiu ; '' I'm not going to have you sulking through the evening. Come, well look injat my flowers ; S:r Varnoy had tlipru arranged only yesterday, and we'll got !).-\ck to tho inus'c-rooni in time for tho reilowa. 1 1 op'ned tho ball with your soil, hcj's a charming d:tncer.''| ; f* I am glad to hear it, 'l.replicd the earl, bitterly, '-he needs to ! bo charming 111 .so|ni-tlliii;*.' - : i ? j' Why. Lord Strathspey, for, shame,' slil: cricd, her wicked eyes dancing; ' lio's very agreeable, and a decidedly handsome young man, l'n'i . cure.' ['I'm glad to hoar it, Lady Cecilia,' replied the moody oarl. ' ]' Oil, you're ill-tempered, Lord Stratli spey,' she said, pettishly, 'and I don't ulljiw gentlemen lo bo cross with me — ? wltat'B .tho matter, what can I do to com- I fort you . . ? ? ? ' . . 1 1 j' I am past being comforted, Lady Drunimond 1' * They had entered the greenhouse, aud sha turned from him an instant and broke off! a cluster of creamy/white rosebuds, which emitted a rare, sweet odor.- ! i ; ? Angus,' slio said, returning to his sidp again,' with the fragrant cluster in lie^ white fingers and her lovely, bo wiltlering face all tremulous with tender emotion,. 'Angus, have you quite for gotten the old days when you and I were young together ? -Don't, you remember how you would come to' me when you were vexed or troubled, and I always had power .to sooiho and comfort you? Let nieibe the' same friend now, let me liolp' and comfort you.' . : Her pleading face, her tremulous, dulcet voico, the touch of her white hands as tliey clasped his arm. and the subtle odors of the flowers, halt bqwildered the poor, remorse- stricken, 'sorrow- wearied noWemau. , His-cold heart thrilled at the mention of liis^ycuth. ? ' ?'j Ah me,' lie sighed, mournfully ; ' if : we jcould go bac t to tlioso days, Lady Cec.dia, I inight hope for health and conifort,, but now— there's nothing for 1110 (but despair and death.' : '' '- You shall not say so, dear friend,'1 the white hands tightening their clasp, the glowing faco and melting eyes diaw-: ing nearer and uearer ; ' there's health and comfort yet. I know how it is ; I know. all aliout tliis lonely, dreary, deso lation '—her eyes filling with tears, that made* theni all the brighter, liar red lips quivering— ' yet I won't give up to de spair. . But oh, Angus,' she added, giv ing j way to an outburst of passionate emotion, ' what a pity it is that we ever' partied, you and 1, wo were such true friends and we wore so happy ; and all -tliedo after days have been so unutterably' miserable..' ' . ? r Tie earl gazed at-lier hiddon faeo and droc ping figure in utter amazement; and then his eyes began to soften. . It is hard for evon a British, jiccr to witlistand the blandishments of a woman like my Lady Cecilia. . '1 wish to Heaven we never' had part ;d,' ho b 1 1 r.- 1 out, scarcely conscious of wliat lie|had said. ' If we never had, I sliiuld have been spared many ail hour of si ame and agony.'' SI e started, and brushed the tears from her- hecks. 1 ' Dh, Lord Strathspey, 1 beg your par don, 'she cried, with- well- affected inno cenc !. ' I don't know . when I was so over roine; pity for your sorrows stirred up li y own. Let it pas3 aud bo forgotten^ .plum e. | And: now,' she continued, smil ing, with the. tear-drops 011 her long laslits, ' here are your pet roses'' setting tho creamy cluster in his' button-hole : ' ,'yop used. t-» hive them long ago. ; You see I remember all your fancier ; and now. Iain not going to have you moping one hit— jyou .shall not, my lord!- -Your troubles are well over, aud years of hap piness may yet bo yours.' . . Tlio earl shook bis head, but she led him (ill* through the dim, lluwery aisles, at: her very. brighest, like an April daj-, after: her' momentary gloom. ' : ?Through the wilderness of blooming flowers, with tlio musical plash of foun-,. tains; and tlio song of birds in his ears ; and linoro entrancing,' 'more bewildering than all, wiili hor whito hands ''clasping' his arm, hor sparkling face almost touch ing liia shoulders, ' and her soft, sweet whiajiers soothing liiin,' : tho Earl of SlratJIispey wandered, ] 1.1 If forgetting his norrojws, half forgotting that fond, true liearti that brokn and bled in solitary con fiiienient, mid fooling tlio blood thrilling: tliroi gli his veins with somuthiiift of its old lirf: and ardor. L-i'ly Cecilia watched liiin, with exul tant glances, from buneath her. raven lashc ii Tlio hour of :her triumph was at hand ; Ihe hour for which she had planned and - vaited for half her life-time j :nnd now, nt tho Inst, when liur rovengo wiin almost within h.ur gra^p, her heart begaii to rollmt and soften, and thu old girlish love, the only love she had over known, to reassert itself. ? - They returned til Ihu ball-roonrlii time for the ri'do'wa, but Lnril Strathspey, do cliliiij to dance. . ? 1 ? ''Ilin honor of your hand : is a -great tempt iitiou, : liiuly llriimuiuild,' liu (aid, gullai tly, ' but for mil to diinuii would I10 worse than mockeiy, - 1 shall never dance again : . Lady Cecilia pouled ami Hliruggud hor iiiett) sliuulilera, and Lord Angus, cliane ing to pass near at tliu luotiiuilt, I1I10 cried out, Hilftilly i ' ' Sly lord, your fulhor is no vury tin gallant that lie rofuien lo ilitnee with 1110, and In ro I stand without a jmrlnur.' 1 Tim ,Yuung mail was at liur sido In - 11 twluk ing. ' I your Indshlp will, allow me tlio honor V lie slid, with a bow ami a wuillp, m Iiu irolleruil Iter Ill's iiriii.. film iioi)i)|iluiI It, sliiikiiig liui* fan at tliu earl, a ul nw'ny thny ll iatuil,-n« tliu iusl I'll- ineiils liroku out i with n eranli. Lvi'il Hi rati -i]iuy stolid and wnlolioj them with irlmri , bitter look in his iiyus. That sou, for wl o«u siildi lie had wrecked bis own happiness, wat a sore llioni iu thu flesh to him, it (iff mill:'! i«n nnd disjjraeu, Only a fiiw-iunnths bufurn lie had paid, out a snug llltlu foi'luiiu In lii|iiiilutu Ills dubts; iiimI every d.iy brought soiue nuw tlury iif liis dru.idfiil di» ipaiinu and din I ^/r'timfill liufuollA, ' 1 ivoiiiiur what miiriiigu would do for him 1 rni eail l'iniiL(lit, as lie fiilloivud hill) with Iiinoili , troubled eyes, ' A mull of his iiallbru never reforms j III* 1 brutality 'iiJ cunraonvtu wottM bronk Any woman's/heart, i And lio's my. only son-r the last 0110 Of all my noblo race I Great, heavens, ! wonder if jtl'.e earth holds an other man so utterly accursed as I am 1' : A troop of masked figures were crowd ing past him, and all at once a voice rang in his car like a trumpet, and again lie heard tho; fearful' words which, . years before, had predicted a felon's fate for his ownsoii!* Tiie call grew, ghastly white, gasped for breath, and after oiie horrible, dizzy uium-»t fell like a log lo the floor. . - CHAPTER XXXVII. LADV CKCrrtlAlS. CRIME. * ' It was late 111 .May, hnd ? Lord Stratli' spey had been lying ill at ' The Firs ' for a couple of weeks. .Ilis malady was brain-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the .medical men would not: suffer hiin to bo moved; Moreover, Lady Drunimond would not agree- to it. He .was one of her oldest friends, . and she felt it a privilege to be able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was 1 . . j The earl was, very ill, jand in imminent danger of death.. ' Tho grave dpctors warned Lady Neville that she must be proparod for tho worstj She and: Lady Pearl were permanently established; at 'The Kirs;' iiiitil the .'crisis of the di sease should be over. P '?.1. Sir, Bayard Broinpton had returned ; to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at tho Towers, riding over to Lady Drununond's overy day to learn how liis father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis wiis at handl The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, liis breath coming iu panting gasp4 and the doctors, ? with gravo' faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville .was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor littje Pearl' -had sob bed herself into a trOiibled sleep ; but Lady .'Cecilia Drumuiond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched hiin with a kind of [ fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, -her -hands, locked, Her white teeth set, ? her black eyes glittering. It' was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given tho soul from her body to un do it. . . . j . ? The tiny French clock on the mantel tickcd away the laggard moments; and tho doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to - [breathe. Lady Cecilia's byes never ones left : Iho white, death-stricken face;.' | . ' ' Oh, if lie might live, [if he might live,' was the one cry of her heart. . ; She could-' not pray. | She- know no God, sho had 110' hope ] of heaven; this beautiful aud high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in. life 1 And in that terrible moment, all her 1 love, fierce and selfish lovo it was, blaziid up . afresh* in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck :for midnight, arid tho doctors exchanged glances. . For one lnoment their patient lay breathless, his' eyes Closed, his haudi lying limp and white 011 the coverlid. Then there cunie a sudden, gasping sigh, tiie sealed eye lids fluttered, tho labouring breathing subsided,' arid a gontlejsleep fell upon tiie 'sufferer like a benediction. . ; ' '' He'll live,' said the doctors, in a breath. *' the danger's past:!'' ' Lady Cecilia uttered ajcry of joy,, and fled away to her own chamber to weep t lie - passioiiate tears she could : not re strain. .- . ' [ . Her paroxysm of bmption over, she flung the casement widii open, and sat down to reflect. - '?'AH her mad- silti-h, passionato nature was in a tuniuU, but' supreme above every other feeling was her love, the lovo*'hich neglect and coldness and tinio had. failed to sijbduo. She had wor aid for her h'o venge upon this man will-had plnyed'n'er false, and in tlio end; when her way was clear, she fouifd tliu old! lovo rising up,' ft ronger even .than lierlulte. She bared her queenjy-hcad' to .the night winds, and raiSejl her trouble'd gazo'to tho'silent, starji'ht sky, and let her' thoughts _rovo : bac'k( to those .early' days, when her'hopes were so bright. '1 could will : hiin yoti' -. she .said, at Inst, -between lier set .teeth, .' I. cbul.il ?wear, the coronet I alwap-s coveted,' if' I zi'cre fn/i'/jrS ' ' ' j She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, .and hen eyes w;aiidcred through an open door into tho chamber where poor old Sir Yarney lay. A benig nant, genorous old man, ivith a heart as tender and simplo; ns a qhild's, and only onu failing) his weak, indulging lovo for t1, 111 woman who was liis Wife. . Hor eyes wanifered toward- tlio chayi bor, full of. passionate acorn, hnd- eon tempt. Shu could see liiiu lying 011: his Couch, his silver hair streaming ovoi- tlio pillow nnd around his peaceful face, - ;- ? '/i'lie old dotart !'; sha murmured, hor linu lips curling. ' Will tie live foruver,' I wonder? I iuarried- liiiu for liis golil— why can't ho die now, anil Botnio freo — why can't lie V'- . f . Iu the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casejiie'nt lier faco. lookod liKo tlio face of a Jieautiful tiend. ? '1 could win liiin. Alt things prosper with 1110. I could liii Con itess of Strath spey yot, if I were only frccl'' : Kite -uttered the words in', a. kind of bieatbliiis way, and her 'asuiuatuil gaze still sought Sir Yiiriiey'ii 0 inu bor. Ouoo in liur liiliiil, tliu horriblo idea seuuiod to. possess itud control her. Hiu arose Softly, aii'd crossed. tutu tliu room mi tiptoe. 'Strong and healthy- -he'll livo-for-' ever I' alio littered, ga'/.ing down npuu Iho 'sleeping baronet s fiicu . ' arid . 1' am humid to him. ' What a ft ol 1 wm| Not even his gold iuul titlu' wo -u worth this. Why can't ilnj old (oul die (' Untie glvu way to a ;. leu ptatiuil and it hauntu yuu lo tlio -end,;.' Lady, Drum inoud's *auu grow, whlto and »ut in: tlio misty iii'ioiilightj.lind her luyea begun to glitter with a lisiuful light[ .: ' Why not? '.k.sIiu uiui'iiiurud, ' in a libtirse. sibilant' whispur. I ' llettor wo muii liian l ain havu-doiio as bid, I 0.111't livo Oil, flittered to mi old dotardr 1 oiui't--/ ii'iihV I' j . ? ? 'i'lic |ins'l'iiititu whisper mlf ruiuoil Sir Viii uey j - ho tin'iied oi). liis plllow nnd luimnui'uil iticnliureiillyj jKhu widuheil hi lit with LiUniing tiyuajltll Im.roliipiied. into s|eup j tliun slio eruwud thu . rouiii Slid eiitereil Ii flinall (ildflet, lltleil -i(it. like u ualilnet, willi iiuiutiiurubW ruwn n( bottles on tlio nhulvus. (Jij« of thosunlie aclui-ted— a liny, sl'iiiilur vial, llllud with u whitish kind, of mlntiifupnnd puiting it In hm' lii'som. rii'lueked the uabiuet ami lefiirnud to the uhanibur. Sir V.niuty wiis stirring' iiL-iiiii, nml sliglitly niimiiing, as If in pain, l'louun'.ly h' ra laud liitusiilf ton sitting poattiie, and lilu ujci (till upon liis wifo, uan ? ; ' Wliy, Cecilia!1:' he said; in the kl.~ voice with which he always addressed her; ' ' whyjare you up so late, child 1 AVIiat's the matter ? , Is tho carl worse ?' : No ; he's better, Sir Yarney.' ' \\\ill, I'm. truly glad. -Cecilia, : my love, would j-ou mind bringing me a glass of j wine? I have such a Btrangc, -ucplcasaut sensation 1 ~ I must have had a ru3h of blood to the brain, or something of tho kind.'' : His ivife arose with alacrity. Sho had hearkened to the voica of the tempter, and helwas prompt to. aid her. Hero was her opportunity. ' . : v. , She Icroaaed to tho little ' tablo upon which tlio wine servico stood, aud turn ing her back upon - her husband, poured out ajjlass;. then,' without an instant's hesibibon, she drew the littlo vial from . her bosom, and removing tho cork, poured jabout half [the 'whitish mixture into the jwirie. It was all done, and the vial rejhidden in her bosom, in the space of a breath. I- , 'Will| you drink it : undiluted, Sir Varney V' she asked, approaching the bed.' 5 | - - . 'Yes; my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm fe tiling miserably weak.' . Sho put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at aidraught. ' VVjiy, child, ho taid, ' it has i bitter ish taste'; or perhaps my tongue's. fevered. There, | iiiat will do,' as bIio smoothed out hi^ pillow1. 'Thank poii, my love, and] 'in sorry to havo. troubled you.: Go to bedjnjjw — ^please do. You'll be. ill to morrow', jand I don't lifco to see my dar ling's aheeks pale.' She turned to leave him, and had half crossed (ho room, when he called her. back, j I ,- ? 'Ciiilia,' he said, 'I'm foolish and childish Ito-night -.Won't- you kiss 1116 once bfefore ybii go'? I believe if you tio Ishall bii able to sleep.' Sho turned back, and kissed him with-, out a w.ojd. ' ' My ijeautiful darling, my own, own wife,' jlie murmured, stroking her head caressingly. ' - She hurried from the bedside- and out of the! room, her faco . looking awfully white dnd horror-stricken. ' I am free — I am- freo,' . she wliis poi od,-Jin a dazed sort of way,' as she entered her own' apartment and locked horsolfiiii. : . ? . j I (To be amti'nud.) 