Notes on My Beat. When Charles Stuart Parnell, tbe un crowned King of Ireland, rose from his Beat in tbe House of Commons last week after bla complete vindication from tbe charges Implied against bim by tbe 'limes fn their publication of the late and little lamented Mr. Pigott's forgeries, the whole of the Opposition rose bb one man to cheer bim enthusiastically. No man wbh ever more maligned to serve a wicked purpose than tills same Mr. Parnell by a section of the English people wbo are enemies alike to England and Ireland. 'Now,' said the enthusiastic Tory, as he awaited the revelations tbe 2 i it's was to produce, ''now we shall see what sort of a man your innocuous Mr. Parnell is. We shall fiud out, and the world shall know ton, how with smooth, oily exterior he bas really been directing volcanoes and Igniting treason.' What a bomb into tbe camp of tbese people whose whole hope iu keeping Ireland from the freedom tbey themselves en |oy was tbe looked for revelations, must have been Pigott's last days on this Bartb, and bis evidence which proved sofalseto the bottom. Ae the necklace of lies, richly set with brilliant forgeries, was analysed link by link by tbe re. doubtable Sir Charles Russell, how the feelings of those wbo looked forward to Ireland's eternal slavery must have ex peiienced ajar. ***** So the Opposition rose witb tumultuous sheers to greet Ireland's hero. Surely this is a sign of tbe times wbeu a greatly increasing minority of the House of Com mons proves itself entirely for Ireland is such spontaneous action muut imply. Sympathy for the sister isle is the lending :ry of the extreme liberals and radicals in England, and no election can pacs without Ireland being tbe bone of con tention between the candidates. Tbere s nothing in the many extraordinary ;banges iu public opipion on various ques tions equal to tbat which has developed n the old oountry since tbe Fenian out -ages in London ceased. Tbe whole popu aceofthecountry are beginning to see tbat he beat interests of tbe British Empireare o he found in extending the system of lelf- goverument to all its branches. Par sell himself declare*, in a few words wbat [reland wants. He said on tbat memor ibl.e nigbt wben the unbiassed mind of England cbeered bim : 'He was confi lent tbe English in tbe near Future would i(Hrm the justice of the cause of Ireland. :t would soon be perceived that tbe granting of the control to Ireland of ber iwn affairs would be without danger to be Empire and it was only just .that the mailer country should give all the equisite safeguards.' * . * * * * And bow about the limes itself. That listoric organ has suffered a blow from vhich it will probably never recover. It vas a paper quite distinct from ail publi ations iu tbis world. It represented Sngland and tbe English as seen brough tbe light of the moneyed and ifficial classes, tbe clamorous set. It was be paper of no party, aud made no ecret of supporting each Government as t came in power. To the merchants and □anufacturers of England it was a god, | or while supporting the aristocracy, it .bsolutely pampered tbeuntltled Wealthy, ' ,nd stood by every evil that capital rrougbt witb a persistency wbicli could mly be accounted for by the fact that it 1 pas after ail the best paying game. 1 Vhen, therefore, it set itself the task of mmasking the IriBh leaders, holding 1 hem up to tbe world as ruffians, mur* lerers, traitors, meu wbo cared for leitber god nor devil so that their lurposes might be achieved, a perfect iowI of approval weut up from capital, ' rom officialdom, from wbite-cbokered ' ascaldom, and tbe movers in gilded bambers. Their paper bad never failed isfore. Tbe limes was always right, md 'would now so shock the world by ,a exhibition of Irish leaders as villians if the lowest type tbat sympathy for the Dmerald Isle would be swept off Ihe face if the earlb in Iho tide of wrath agaiust ucU reprobates. The limes was to do bis, and yet the limes has done more hail failed. It has done what it never :ven iu fairness desired lo effect, for it las cleared away many a false imputation | 'rom the leaders of Irelaud, and has j -rought about the very reaction In favor -f tbat country so dreaded by the Sinn iard, the other but more unpriucipled idvocate of tbe system of down with :be masses and up witb state jobbery, jorruption, and back door intrigue. This reaction has already set iu, and if the [risb are wise they will ride to Home Rule on tbis tide of their affaire. ***** Arciibishop (R.C.) Thomas Cahe, of Melbourne, waB gotid enough in his Lenten Pastoral on Tuesday to aunouuee tbat the Roman Catholic Churcb was not conspiring to overthrow the system af Slate education in Australia. Tbis will be news to most people, news indeed that such a ^charge bad ever been spriously made against tbis church, which bBS done no more than protest that no grant is made to it for educating its children, which the churcb considers can be better done under its own direct tutelage, tbuB relieving the country of the charge. On the other hand we have evangelical deputations waiting on the authorities to urge that at least as re ligious education is not allowed in tbe state school curriculum, the bible may be read to tbe pupils. It Is marvellous bow the churches, Eastern or Western, Latin, Greek, Anglican or Dissenting, cannot grasp tbe great benefit tbey one and all receive by the marvellous conception we In Australia have of fair play to all. The state in a free country knows no religion, for tbe moment it takes cognizance of such it muBt take sides and succour one sect at 'be expense of others, and in fact remove tbe nation from tbe honor of being free. The state church of the British Government is tbe Anglican, aud it merely requires more voting power against it to bring about disestablishment; The mere fact of a continuance of the 1 Episcopalian churcb as tbe State church does not remove for one instant tbe in justice of it, nor tbe iniquities perpetrated ' under over thereof. ?? ***** These is a feature in our public educa tion wbioh applies more perhaps to the Grammar Sohools than to tbe others, as it is in these institutions that tbe pupils are of a more mixed order, the Roman Catholics often sending their children to tbem to receive the benefits of the higher education which they ofler. The feature I refer to Is thai of history. Any history it seems is hard to write Impartially. Personally, I was historically suckled Iu fn my early days on Mrs. Markham's book before I readied Freeman, Greene, Macauley, and Justlu M'Carthy. Now Mra. Markhon— good lady that sho is or was— Ib not to be ignored because she wrote for children. Her work is the most popular one In Eug lano lor putting iulo me nanus 01 the young oneB, and Ctesar'R Ghost ! wbat ideas she does fill tbe early mind with. She makes out by the help of half trutbB, and unpardonable suppressions of the truth, that England nevtr did wrong ; never really lost a battle ; (I alway8 pitied tbe poor French so much. From Crecy to Waterloo they were simply knocked kicking every time tbey stood up), that no sovereign, except one, waB aught but perfect, tbe exception being that poor Bloody Mary of bers. Mary Queen of Scots was an angel of purity, while Charles tbe First wbb a martyr of the very first water. One's youthful mind could not but be persuaded that Cromwell was actually the worBt man England ever saw, while it was a happy thing for the country— by some extra ordinary reasoning— wben the Stuarts were restored, and, on the other band, when the Immortal William sat on the throue and at tbe same time ou these self same Stuarts (and a good job too), The virtues of the several good Kings George are almost tabulated, tbey are so uumerous. aud there is a sort of fire, works and blue-light dnafe iu the as cendency of Queen Victoria, coupled by a full description of the crown jewels aud her other possessions, material and moral. Enough, however, of Mrs. Mark ham, wbo bas perhaps turned out more unthinking jingoes tbau anybody else. The history books iu our Grammar Schools are little superior iu tone to Mrs. Markbam's. The Roman Catholic boy reads witb relish — uot tbe history— but tbe opiuiou of some unheard of Anglican scribe all about Popery, aud those naughty, naughty Jesuits. He bas the pleasure of learning — perhaps by heart — a contrast between good Queen Bess and ber amiable sister, wbereiu tbe latter is carefully damued, aud tbe former no less deliberately beatified. All tbe little love tales about the virgin queen are guardedly left out, except tbat tbey are now and again lightly quoted as shewing a bright aud amiable romance in a character otherwise too perfect for this world. The late lamented sanguinary Maria is on the other hand, in a refined gentlemanly subdued sort oi yay oi course, treated to severe criticism as lo ber morals. A great deal more might be said ou the unfitness of some of tbe , English histories for our schools, but Bpace prevente my saying more. ***** OUR Police Magistrate of two years standing, Mr. R. A. Ranking, is pro moted, through Mr. Lukin's bad luck, to Rockhamptou, and I am sorry that so good a man as Mr. Ranking iB about to be lost to Maryborough. In the whole course of his career I have only kuown him make one blunder, and that, singu lar to relate, was when be gave a verdict against myself. However, burying by gones, I do not believe that there are many other magistrates iu tbiB country so fully alive to all the technicalities of tbe law as Mr. Ranking, wbo, armed witb this kuowledge, waB uever put out by a flood of legal eloquence hurled for or agaiDst a case, and jail tbe peculiar gift of laying aside witb a firm and gentle hand all miBts of legal tomfoolery, and allowing common sense and justice to decide a case. He is, moreover, a quiet man, and perhaps on the surface not too sociable, aud it is this charm wbicb gives him the right to deal with all meu alike Concerning his successor, he is to be greatly pitied. He is tbe victim of spite, and be comes here uuder a cloud whicb lias been manufactured by bis enemies, but will not be discernible lo right thinking men. There is a story that Morehead, our Premier (pro tern let us hope), and Lukln have uot been cousins for years, and that 011 someone attempt ing to introduce Mr. Lukin to Morehead the other day, the P.M. said : ' I think there is room enough ill Rockhampton without Mr. Morehead and myself being brought in contact.' It is these little things which are the leathers tbat sbew the direct iou — not to say tbe force— of the wiud. I tbiuk it was tbe well-kuown poet Timothy Jones wbo said, ' Revenge is sweet;' * * * ? * * A 1'ECULIAB fatality attaches to the tower at St. Paul's Church, donor, archi- ' tect, and builder all dying within a few months of each other. The tower itself has been finished but two years. ***** I see a correspondent of yours wbo seems to know what he is writing about says tbat tbe banks get 5s. 2d. by discount, etc., for every ton of flour imported. This is bagging flour with a vengeance. No wonder that 25 per cent, returns are made. Ob capital wher; is thy sting, oh ! banks thy victory. ***** Before I say any more in con tinuation of what I have said in former issues about tbe police force I may bb well mention some thing about tbe detective branch. This Is a perfectly distinct body of tbe force, though subject to police discipline, and the duties of tbe men may be roughly put down ' to detect' in conlra diBtinction to the police wboBe duties are ' to prevent' crime. This branch is under a superior offlcerin Brisbane, and tbe latter is under tbe Commissioner. Being dressed In plain clothes ,tbe men carry aboutlwith them a ' warrant card' to shew their bona fides. Tbey alBo carry witb them — or are supposed to—a bandy braBB truncheon which 1b smaller and distinguishable altogether from tbe weapon of the preventive force. These truncheons are carefully looked after, as tbe man holding one has special powers, such as entering houses. The detectives are recruited from tbe moBt 'lntllli- gent' of the preventive force, tbat is, those with the highest gifts for man huntlng Bnd bufllfug cunning by cunning. They serve a period of pro bation, and if found up to tbeir work tbey are formally received. The full blown detective bas learnt arts which be never dreamt of previous to his joiniug the force, aud becomes so iuured to crime— for he uioveB iu no other circle that nothiug astonishes, nothing appallB him, and he acquires a cool and crafty manner of dealing witli all iniquities and men, both great and small. A de tective Is of necessity a lonely man. His job is giveu to him to work up, aud he alone possesses the keys, cues, and infor mation whicb the world in many cases Aloue he tracks his prey often enmsiug the scent of other vPlaiuies 011 to which another detective is put while lie, un trammelled, pursues the chain of evidence link by link. He alone l.ilks to tbe, often masked, informer. I have often spoken to detectives, and have mar velled at the superiority of iutellect wbicb the oldest of them' show. Most of tbem bave a sarcastic manner witb tbem, and are distrustful of tbe human race generally. In conversation they are hard to draw out, first of all because tbey are naturally cautious even in by gone matters, and secondly, they cannot conceive of the Interest which tbe out side world takes in tbe details of tbeir craft. However, there is one point where they warm up, and how like bloodhounds tbey then seem. It is when they narrate the circumstances as they draw near their mark, the object for which they may bave labored for many months. To hear oue of tbem state bow he picked up the missing link, or entwined himself into the confidence of the supposed culprit an. I stole bis secret, or how they have beeu iu the name house together ; perhaps he has entered the very room to swoon ou bis nuarrv wben the bird has just fled, perhaps for ever, perhaps lobe tracked down agaiu, iB to make one, to say tbe least of it, a bit excited. * * * * * Among the Books : — A correspondent of a new York paper cables the following from London: — 'An interesting, evcu surprising, fact relating to America came out at Dr. Robertson Smith's diuuer to tbe ' Eucyclopredia Brilanuica' coutri. butors. Mr. Black, one of the publishers, told tbe company the entire circulation of the new uiuth edition was 50,000 copies, of which 40,000 went to the United States. . . . Archdeacou Farrar's ' Liv.'S of the Fathers' was to have been published by Messrs. Black last mouth. ... It seeniB settled (says h writer fn the Phila delphia Times) that tbe poet Tennyson cannot be induced to write a volume of his memoirs. Oue American publisher lias authorised hiB Loudon representative to offer Lord Tennyson £1000 for tin American rights of such a hook. Another has ottered £400 each for five chapters of such a book for magazine publication. Both oilers bave been declined. . . . An authorised trauslatiou of Dr. Geflc ken's ' Pen Sketches of the British Em pire' will shortly be published by Messrs. Sampson Low and Co. Tbe work will also contain essays on Prince Albert, Lord Pttlmerston, Lord Beaconsfield, and Mr. Gladatone. A preface has beeu written for the English editiou by Dr. Geffcken. It will *'e translated by Mr. S. J. MacMullan. . . . The London representative of the Melinurne Aqe is editing a collection of colonial stories by colonial authors, under (hp till.* of 'In Australian Wilds.' Among tbe contri butors are Mr. B. L. Farjeou and Mr. Jenkins, the author of ' Ginx's Baby,' . . . At a sale of autographs iu Berlin £27 los. was paid for a letter written by Mozart in 1782, £25 for a letter of Les sing's, £15 5s. for a letter of Goethe's, £12 10s. for a letter of Beethoven's, and £9 for one of Schiller's. CONSTABLE X. 