HAUNTED HOUSES BY WILLIAM C. PRESTON In the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireside; feeling all the more happy and comfortable because we know it is so cold and dreary without there are few more favourite pastimes than that of telling ghost stories. And singularly enough, it is often most loved by those who are most in danger of being unnerved by it. Most of us, at one time or another have sat by the hearth until the small hours of the morning listening to tales of horror until our hearts have fainted within us at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them remains shrouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "Sir James, my mother, with myself and my brother Charles went abroad towards the end of the year 1786. After trying several different places we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we had also letters of introduction to several of the best French families. " There Sir James left us, and after passing a few days in an uncomfortable lodging, we engaged a nice large family house, which we liked much and which we obtained at a very low rent, even for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in our new residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers, for the purpose of delivering our letter of credit from Sir Robert Herries, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy five franc pieces we found we could not carry, and therefore requested the banker to send, saying "we live in the Place du Lion d'or." Whereupon he looked surprised, and observed that he knew of no house there fit for us, 'except, indeed' he added the one that has been long uninhabited in consequence of the revenant that walks about. He said this quite seriously and in a natural tone of voice; in spite of which we laughed and were quite entertained at the idea of a ghost; but at the same time we begged him not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads; and my mother and I resolved to say nothing about it to anyone; 'I suppose it is the ghost,' said my mother, laugh— ing, 'that wakes us so often by walking over our heads.' We had in fact been awakened several nights by a heavy foot, which we supp— osed to be that of one of the men-servants, of whom we had three English and four French; of women servants we had five English, and all the rest were French. The English ones, men and women every one of them, returned ulti— mately to England with us. "A night or two afterwards, being again awakened by the step, my mother asked Cress— well, 'who slept in the room above us?' 'No one, my lady,' she replied, ' It is a large empty garret. ' "About a week or ten days after this Cress— well came to my mother one morning and told her that all the French servants talked about going away, because there was a revenant in the house ; adding, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other property, to have belonged to a young man, whose guardian, who was also his uncle, had treated him cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage; and as he had subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This uncle, after inherit— ing the property, had suddenly quitted the house and sold it to the father of the man from whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had ever stayed in it above a week or two; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. " And do you really believe all this non— sense, Cresswell," said my mother. "Well, I don't know my lady," answered she, 'but there is the iron cage in the garret over your bedroom, where you may see it if you please." "Of course we rose to go and just at that moment an old officer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to accompany us, and we ascended together. We found, as Cresswell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher; it was about four feet square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chain, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it made my blood creep, when I thought of the possibility of any human being having inhabited it. And our old friend expressed as much horror as ourselves assuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadful purpose. As, however, we were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who had an interest in keeping the house empty; and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were secret means of entering it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for an- other residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswell, when she came to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her? "Indeed my lady," answered she, "we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can sleep again in the room we are now in." " Well," returned my mother, "you shall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed you?" " Someone, my lady, went through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our heads with the bedclothes, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' "On hearing this, I could not help laughing, upon which Cresswell burst into tears; and seeing how nervous she was we comforted her by saying that we had heard, of a good house, and that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to her bed-room and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her work for the next day. It was after supper, and we were ascending the stairs by the light of a lamp which was always kept burning, when we saw going up before us a tall thin figure, with hair flawing down his back, and wearing a loose powdering gown. We both at once concluded it was my sister Hannah, and called out: 'It won't do, Hannah, you cannot frighten us.' Upon which the figure turned into a recess in the wall, but as there was nobody there when we passed, we concluded that Hannah had contrived somehow or other to slip away and make her escape by the back stairs. " On telling this to my mother, however, she said, 'It is very odd, for Hannah went to bed with a head ache before be you came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her room, there we found her fast asleep; and Alice, who was at work there, assured us that she had been so for more than an hour. On mentioning; this circumstance to Cresswell, she turned quite pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Marsh had seen in their bedroom. "About this time my brother Henry came to spend a few days with us, and we gave him a room up another pair of stairs at the opposite end of the house. A morning or two after his arrival, when he came down to breakfast, he asked my mother angrily whether she thought he went to bed drunk and could not put out his own candle, that she sent those French rascals to to watch him. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing such a thing; but he persisted in the accusation, adding, Last night I jumped up and opened the door, and by the light of the moon through the sky- light, I saw a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. ' If I had not been in my shirt I would have gone after him and made him remember coming to watch me. " We were now preparing to quit the house, having secured another belonging to a gentleman who was going to spend some time in Italy; but a few days before our removal it happened that a Mr. and Mrs. Atkyns, some English friends of ours, called, to whom we mentioned these strange circumstances, observing how extremely unpleasant it was to live in a house that some body found means of getting into, though how they contrived it we could not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could sleep in the room Marsh and Cresswell had been obliged to give up. Upon this, Mrs. Atkyns laughed heartily and said that she should like of all things to sleep there if my mother would allow her adding, that with her little terrier she should not be afraid of any ghost that ever appeared. As my mother had of course no objections to this fancy of hers, Mrs. Atkyns requested her husband to ride home with the groom, in order that the latter might bring her night things before the gates of the town were shut, as they were then residing a little way in the country. Mr. Atkyns smiled, and said she was very bold; but he made no difficulty, and sent the things, and his wife retired with her dog to her room when we retired to ours appar ently without the least apprehension "When she came down in the morning we were immediately struck at seeing her look very ill, and on inquiring if she too had been fright ened, she said she had been awakened in the night by something moving in her room, and that by the light of the night lamp she saw most distinctly a figure, and that the dog which was very spirited, and flew at everything, never stirred although she had endeavored to make him. We saw clearly that she had been very much alarmed, and when Mr. Atkyns came and endevoured to dissipate the feeling by per suading her that she might have dreamt it, she got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something; and my mother said after she was gone, that though she could not bring herself to believe it was really a ghost, still she earnestly hoped that she might get out of the house without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. " We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but is the middle of the night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot say by what, for the step over our heads we had become so used to that it no longer disturbed us. Well, I awoke; I had been lying with my face towards my mother who was asleep beside me, and, as one usually does on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warm, the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it was also at the foot, and I saw standing by a chest of drawers which were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on the drawers and the face turned towards me. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which burned clearly. It was a long, thin, pale young face with oh ! such a melan clioly expression as can never be effaced from my memory. I was certainly very much fright ened, but my great horror was lest my mother should awake and see the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard her breathing high in a sound sleep. Just then the clock on the stairs struck four. I dare say it was nearly an hour before I ventured to look again, and when I did take courage to turn my eyes to wards the drawers there was nothing yet I had not heard the slightest sound, though I had been listening with the greatest intensity. '"As you may suppose, I never closed my eyes again, and glad I was when Cresswell knocked at the door, as she did every morning, for we always locked it, and it was my business to get out of bed and let her in. But on this occasion instead of doing so, I called out, 'Come in, the door is not fastened ;' upon which she answered that it was, and I was obliged to get out of bed and admit her as usual. " When I told my mother what had happened, she was very grateful to me for not waking her and commended me much for my resolution. She, however, resolved not to risk another night in the house, and we got out of it that very same day, after instituting, with the aid of the servants, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the usual modes of ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and handsome residence must have had in discovering the trick, if there had been one we must admit that these extraordinary circumstances are very diffi cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palaee of Woodstock, in the year 1619, when the commissioners sent from Ifndon by the Long Parliament to take postes sion of it, and efface all the emblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of tihe devil and the annoyances they suffered from a rognuish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the 13th October, 1610. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apart ments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the cauincil-hall into a brew-house, and nrtrde the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the issignit of royal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Giles Sharp accompanied then in the eapacity of elerkl, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He: aided them to uproot a no!le old tree, merely because it was called the Kings O ik, and tosied the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to sus. pent they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the Lables asd chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something came into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetch ing the warming pan out of the withdrawing room, made so much noise with it that they thought five chureh-bells were ringing in their On the sixtl day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining-room. On the sccusth day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with severad logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the cighth and ninth nights, there.was a cessation of hostilities ; but on the tenth, the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive and rattled and danced about the floors, and round tihe heads of the commissioners, all the night long. On the cleecth the - tan away vith their clothes, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they cotld not get into them. On the tlirtccnthl night, the glass became unaceountabbly seized withl a lit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteento , there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." They first of all triet the effitcacy of prayers to drive away t:e siirits ; but these proving in availing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, however; to :try a little longer; andi having craved forgiveness of all their sins, be took themselves to bed. Tthat nighlt they slept ill tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When, on the succeeding night, tthey heard no noioes, they began to flatter themsnelves that the spirit was driven out, and plretared to take up their quarters for thle whole winter in the ialace. These symptoms on their part becameu the signal for renewed uproar amotng the spirits. On the 1Lt Xoreutber they heard something wa!king with a slow and Eolemn pace up and down the withdrawing- rotom, and immediately afterwardsaslhower of stones, bricks, nmortr, and briokenglasspeltedaboutthceirears. Onthcsecond steps were again heard in the withdrawing-roott, snouriding to' their fancy very muceht like' tlihe treading of an enormous bear,-wlich cotintuned for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed iby a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into thei withdraw ing-room, armued with swords anl pistols, but could discover notithing. They were afraid that night to go to bed, and sat upl, Imaking fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abundlanee; thinking that, as the spirits loved darkness, they would not disturb a coat pany inorronunded with so nmueh light. They were deceived, however; buckets of water came dbwn the chimneys and extinguislhed the fires, and the candles were blown out, tlhey knew niot how. S~me of the servants who htal b.taken themselves to bed wcre dreniched with putrid ditelh watcr as they lay, and arose in great fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of the eonunissioners their linen all dripping with gicet moisture, and thleir knuckles red vwith the blows they had at the same time received from some invisible tormenutor., \,hiho they were still speaking, there was a noise like the loudest thunder, or the firing of a whole pack of artil lery. One of the' commissioners a ked in a courageous voice, who v as there and' what they bad done that they should be so troubled. No 'bhswcr was returned, and the noises ceased for a while.'- - -... . - ' ,At lengt howaever,. as the commissioners said, ithe spirit came again, and brought with it soven others worse than itself.' ]3Being again in darkness, they lighlted a candle and placed it in a doorayp, that it might throw a' light upon the two chambe'tidsdat once; but it'was suddeiily blown dut, and uone commissioner said lie hadl "seen the similitudeo of a horse's hoof striking the cahdlei and candlestick into the middle of the?? cha~rhber, and iaftcrwards making three scrapes on the stiuff to put: itout."" Upon this the Sa'mino l?rsoni was so bold as: to drw his so'rd 'ib'nt hfi a rted:pos5t5vely thait he had hardly withdrawn" it When an invhible hand seized hold of it. and tugged wilth him for it, and prevailing, .truck :him so violeiit a blow with the pommel tlat he: was quit st?upned. Then.the noises beoga~n again. Thley were con vinced bvy this time it aS useless to Snruggln any longer with the powers thaiiemnied deter mined to smake W"- hthir o?n. Thdese things lmappened onS.turday night, and, beingrepeated on the Sunday,;they determined to leave the plhaeo s;aid rethrn to n .'"nd ::t f;" Dy Tietiday moring eely, all tbesirpt~r1fi t tions were completed, and shaking the doot of their feet, finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause.of these disturbances was disecovered ,'It'?,was arccrtaine I at the ItestomEion, that the whole was the work of Giles Sharp'; the trusty clerk of the commbsioners.: This manwas a 'conrealedd royalist, and.passed his early life inW--; i,; he knew every hole and corner of the place, and nnmerons itp-doors and secret p.as.ages. ; The commissioners never suspecting bhi' placed the utmost relibince upon him; a confidence which' lie abused in tho manner above detailed, to his own great aiiiusement and that of a few cavaliers whom he let intothie secret. : 