THE CONTRIBUTOR. ABOUT CLOCKS. Everybody, or almost everybody hat been to eee the model of the Straabarg Clook now exhibited in Adelaide. Glad of the op portunity to see the oarionB and wonderfnl construction of whioh so muoh has been written and said. Whilst viewing it one's thoughts naturally revert to other clocks, and the marvellous Ingenuity displaced by man in this one particular, A Hindoo Rajah telle of a marvellous dock that belonged to a certain native Indian L'rinoe. Regarding it as his greatest and most precious treasure, this Prince therefore guarded it most jealously, and it was only as the greatest favour that outsiders were permitted a glimpse. By some fortunate circumstance the Hindoo Rajah obtained a sight of the wonder, and tells ns the following curious facts concerning it. Right in front of the clock's disc was a gong swinging upon poles, and a pile of what appeared to be a ptomisouous heap of skeleton human limbs. This was not, however, the case, as the bones were really the parts of twelve human bodies. When the hands of the cloak pointed to the hour of one, the number of parts belonging to the frame of one man crawled out from the pile, and with a metallis click adjusted themselves in a peifect frame. Then eeizing a mallet strnck the hour of one. The deep resonant sounds reverberated through the palace, and scarcely had the echo died away ere the skeleton returned to the pile of bones, felling again into pieoeB, in whioh state he lay for the space of another hour. Then as two o'clock came round he roBe up again, but this time acoompanied by another grue eome companion, the two striking the hour in concert. Again retiring aa before till three o'olock, and then was seen the adjust ment of three skeletons and the striking of the hour by a bony trio. So on, aooording to the hour, until soon came round, followed by the uprising of the whole twelve bony automata, all striding np to the disa in a row, and striking eaoh one a blow with his mallet, afterwards retiring and falling one by one into his respective pile. The most careless, looking npon suoh a sight, would not fail to reflect on earthly vanities, and the question would naturally arise as what these men had been tn their earthly existence that now, having discarded the flesh, their bones were not suffered to reBt in the orthodox manner, but hour by hour were doomed to be disturbed by the relentless hand of time. Figurately, as all are aware, time is represented as an old man with bald head and rugged brow over whioh hangs a forelock of grlzzed hair. In hli gnulfid and knotted hand ha carries a scythe and an hourglass. From his shoulder blades sprout a pair of wings. This is the generally accepted mythical Time, bnt in the " Talis man" we are told that "Time is bat a shadowy name, a succession of breathings measured forth by night with the clank of a bell, by day with a shadow crossing along a dial stone." Happily we are so longer thus primitively restricted in the measurement of of time, as the many and wonderful con trivances for that purpose can testify. It would occupy too muoh spaoe to attempt to to describe mora than one or two, whioh for their Quaint originality, are wonderfolly interesting and ourloos. The olook In the Cathedral of 8t John, at Lyons, may certainly be deemed one of these. Made in 1598 by Nioholai Lipp and improved by Morrison in X661, its antiqaity can be seen at aglinoe. Twenty-five years ago it was In wonderful preservation; and as oaretakers are specially appointed it may for many years continue to delight the inhabi tants of Lyons, and all those fortunate enough to obtain a view of it. In this wonderful clock the days of the week are lepresented b,f seven figures, each of which i n the coming of the day that it represents akes Its plaoe in a certain niche and remains here till midnight The minutes of the hour tie marked on an oval plate and eaoh minute is pointed iOut by a hand whioh insensibly contracts and expands as it makes the revo lution. In a gallery underneath the dock & door opens on one side every three hours end the figure of the Virgin Mary comes forth meeting that of the Aneel Gabriel, which emerges from a door on the other side. The figure of a dove, symbolioal of the Holy Ghost, hovers over the head of the Virgin. When these figures retire a monk oomes forth from a middle door lifting up his hand as if in the act of giving his benediction. At the same time a cook, whioh stands on the top of the olock claps his wings and orows three times. Scarcely a town upon the Continent that cannot boast of its own peculiar time pieoe with its prooession of saints or other pageants, bnt tbey can hardly be included among the list of thoBe whioh may be termed of a thrilling nature, and worthy asperate descriptions. Miniature clooks with their perfeot me chanism are extremely interesting. Almost ineredible as it seems, they have been known to keep perfect time when only of the size of an inch ana three-quarters. Perhaps the moBt unique of its kind ever constructed was that (presented to the Emperor of China in 1766 by the East India Company. It was in the form of a chariot in which was seated the figure of a lady. Her right hand hung over the side of the tiny vehicle, and immediately under her taper fingers was a timepiece not larger than a shilling. On the lady's fore finger rested a bird of the most minute ima ginable Bize. The wings were extended, and its whole body glittered with precious stones. The Bmall frame, not larger than one-six teenth of an inch, concealed Borne mechanism whioh, bytouohinga diamond button below it, oaueed its wings to flatter. A double umbrella was fixed over the lady's head by means of a tiny-fluted pillar. Under the largest of those umbrellas a bell was fixed whioh had a hidden communication with the tiny clock, and by means of which a hammer was made to strike the hour. Two birds fly ing in front of the chariot appeared to draw it, while behind stood a boy apparently in the act of driving bis winged steeds. The whole being made of virgin gold, set with precious stoneB of almost every variety, created a most dazzling effect. Mnsical clooke, once snoh a rarity, are now almost common, and even vooal clocks are not unknown. Electrioal docks, trans mitting time as they do, are distinctly among the marvels of the present day. The trans mission, managed as it is, iB wonderfully in teresting. The indicator is fixed and fur nished with a clock face, the axis carrying a hand or index. The oscillation of a pendu lum kept going by electricity, mores round the communicating diso, and is in this way correct time may be transmitted from one good clook to a dozen or more others. Apart from these wonderful and extra ordinary inventions, to what a triumph of mechanism and oheapneBS have ordinary timepieoes now arrived. Every household -even the humblest and the poorest-may possess a olook. And they may be termed a comparatively new invention, being improved within tbe last tws or three centuries, and only arriving at their present perfection at a reoent date. BoethuB invented the tint improvement in the hourglass, which, faulty though it was, foreshadowed the clook. Our ancient forefathers took measure ot the departure of time by means of sun, moon, and stars, birds, beasts, and flowers, relios of which are handed down to us. Who has not Been some toddler gravely blowing and puffing at a thistle down to aaoertain what o'clock it is? The first sundial was erected in mighty Borne, and afterwards water-clocks, or, as they were termed, clepsydra were intro duced, Aristotle and other anoient writers mention these curious instruments, which, as their name implies, were of Gre cian origin, Pliny tells us that eaoh one marked the third of an hour, and Julius Cesar is said to hare found _a water-clock among the nativeB when he invaded Great Britain. The Brahmins still divide the natnral day into sixty hoursjand measure time by the running of water by means of a oopper bowl having a hole in it; and water-qlocks are known to have been in use in India in the twelfth century. The advantage these water oiocks had over sundials lies of coarse in the fact that they were able to work all night as well .aB all day; but great and many as the improvements were that were made, it was soon found that the water besame frozen in severe weather, thus leading to the invention of hourglasses. How strange it would seem to revive Borne of the anoient ouBtoms in these our modern times-Curfew bell, for in stance? Tbe ancient bellman perambulating the streets ringing hiB bell as eaoh hour of the night passed would without doubt be voted an intolerable nuisanoe. 