THE NEW TREASURE HUNT. (ruoil THE JfEW aEYIEW.) Towards the end of this month a li tie expedition will sail from Southamton on one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novelists have en gaged in. The destination of the expedition is (not to name it too particularly! a tiny island, lying amidst " the foam of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And the object of the expedition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which s believed to have been buried on thf island more than seventy years ago. An emprise so romantic, sending us right back into tbe days when the trade routes of the tea were* marked out by the blood which the pirates had ^tilled on them, seems delightfully out of keeping with an age .in whichtfaa Stock Exchange Or': the Bourse is the chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pirates* #old that is buried in tbis desolate ocean isle, and the expedition that is to sail in & few weeks' tima will be a real treasure bunt. There is a history attached to it already, and it is rather curious. Let us begin with tbe pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one's money by and make It breed, which financial people, doing- a more or less legitimate business in stocks and. such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, on the whole, to have been one of the most imprudent policies when tbe business was piracy. Wise pirates, when they had taken a goodly prize, ran with "it to the nearest safe port, and made (bemad.ves unrecognisably drunk on the proceeds. Unlimited ruin, and an occasional stabbing- bout, to keep their hands In against the day when business would be resumed, made the pirates as happy as they wished to be ; and when they had spent their booty, and recovered from the detirujn tremea*, they went on board again, ran op the " Jolly Boger," and waited for another prize. The foolish pirates were those who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surely as they did this, the next vessel they chanced upon was a man-of-war, which earned them home to be hanged, a dozen in a row. Deep wink in many a desert tele, in mator an ocean, there must be millions of puces of «jgb.t, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels and precious stones galore, which the swntiemen of fortune who hid them tbrie, and who have long saw tohbo: mAaiiuiMliiaiKHttmkw^ P 1 * ^ - Hence the treasure hunts of reasures were not unearth&l.; TheMMd as found, or the spot «o the mainland, but the chart was not quite correct, or not quite orrectly interpreted; or provisions ran short before the booty oould be dag op ; wasbnm prevented tbe boats from landing; orttie crew mutinied; or the treasure - seekers never taken. The crew who WK1 away the loot that the new expedition ia to search fortseemto hare been iu all respects a typical gang of searobbers. Thev ran out fwra Soathampton about seventv Vears ago, in a smart schooner, excellently bink for speed. There were Englishmen, Italians, Greeks, and a lurk— "hot boys, all on 'em'*—and the stopper went by tbe name of Old Helliire. Their ostensible business wos palm oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on board. They shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laid the schooner awav across the Western Ocean. Fever broke out amongst the blacks, the captain dosed them with laudanum, and the crese dropped them overboard. When in liquor Captain HeMre used to take potshots at his man with a pistol, and, as his aim was fairly good, he succeeded at last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. They rose against him one night, and two of the Greeks held him while one of the English struck him through the back with a steel marlinspike. He was bundled into the sea; the mate was sent over the side after him ; the skipper's murderer was voted captain in his place, and the "Jollv Boger" replaced the "English colours at "the masthead. Running south, they caught a Portuguese vessd, boarded her, drowned the crew, and emptied the ship of her rich contents. There was a Jew dealer eisted chiefly of diamonds and tobies, so that prize must have been worth the taking. But these pirates were foolish. They sailed with their treasure to an uninhabited island known to the captain, and there they buried it. Their Iuck, however, was not yet exhausted ; they took other vessels, East Indiamen and some smaller game, killing all crews and passengers, and always carrying the bast of the plunder to their niding-place on the isle. It was an apt spot to receive such blood-stained booty; au utterly desolate and wholly forbidding island, unapproachable, except with the skllfullest management of boats; a lonely place, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food tor man. An ideal emuggerr, however, for pirates' 1 plunder, and this cut-throat crew made a fine treasure island of it, if such there ever were. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for the fates' were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen of fortune. More knowing hands would have run for the States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed home innocently, divided up, and lived gallantly on the shares. Tbe spoil of the Portuguese sloop would have made gentlemen of them all. Some of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whose cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a tride more, and he always had his way. And so it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indiamau, and were tackled themselves. It was not often that the East Indiamen of those days showed their teeth when the crossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly aimed with a brass swivel (never iu working order), and a few cast-iron ninepounders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modern British bayonet. Tet these East Indiamen had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great consignments of jewels and gold for the dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, aud all other European markets. For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and pluckily manned. She faced the robbers, ran out her guns, and gave them a brisk good-day; shot away their rudder, splintered their masts, and brought the rigging about their ears. Then she boarded, put the shackles on the twenty pirates who had survived the engage- ment, which took them off and lowered them into her own hold, where they had time to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in Execution Dock. jS meteen of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get bis neck clear, and in due time made his way home to England. He was alive a few years ago, in the North Country, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. He was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief -regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the treasure island where the jewels lay hidden. He had made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the position of the treasure, with good cross-bearings. Bat he coald never raise sufficient money to provision so much as a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings ; and the first chapter of th romance closes here. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasureseekers, and success is assuredly far from being a certainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasure has not been already removed ? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to believe that, after the nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known to anyone except the twentieth who survived, and he appeals to hare kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chance remained to bim of turning it to his own account. An assumption more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of man. The pumicestone and scoria on the mountainous volcanic rock slips steadily, and the droppings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a Ing- and solid tumulus above the sunken hull. But this is in all likelihood the chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to be undergone; and with the exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the wreck. 