COLONEL QUARITCH, V.C. A TALE OF COUNTRY LIFE. CHAPTER XLin. GEOBGE IS SEEK TO LAUGH. BY B. BIDEB HAGGABD, Author of "King Solomon's Mines," "Allan Quatremaine," " Jess," "She," 4c. Ida ana ner father reached me vestibule tu , find Edward Cossey standing with his face to the mantelpiece and nervously toying with ' some curiosities upon it. He was, aB usual, dressed with great care, and his face, though ' pale and worn from the effects of agitation of mind, looked if anything handsomer than * ever. As soon as he heard them coming, I! which owing to his partial deafness he did not do till they were quite CIOBG to him, he | fcurnted round with a star., and a sudden i flush of colour came upon his pale face. I The Squire shook hands with him in a solemn sort of way, like people do when the« meet at a funeral, and Ida barely rotlchecl; his outstretched fingers with her own. ' A few random remarks followed about the • weather, whioh really for once iu a way was equal to the conversational strain put upon it, but at length these died away and there came §a awfcl yjuse. It was broken at length by the Squire,J who, standing with bis baok to the fire, his eyes fixed upon the wall oposite, after much humming and hawing, delivered himself thus— " I understand, Mr. Cossey, that you have come to hear my daughter's fin&ldecision; on the matter of the proposal of marriage which you have made and renewed to her. Now, of course, thiB is a very important question, very important indeed, and it fa one with which I cannot presume even to seem to interfere. Therefore, I shall without comment leave my daughter to speak for herself." " One moment before she does so," he interrupted, drawing indeed but a poor augury of suocesB from Ida's icy iooks. "I have oome to renew my offer and to take my final answer, and I beg Miss de la Molle to consider how deep and sincere must be that affection which has endered through so many rebnffa. I know, orat the least Ifear,that I do not occupy the place in her feelings that I should wish to, out I look to time to change this; at any rate I am willing to take my chanoe. AB regards money, I repeat the offer that I have already made." " There, I should not say too much about that," broke in the Squire, impatiently, " Oh, why not ?" said Ida, in bitter sarcasm. "Mr. Cossey knows it is one of the best arguments with our sex. I presume that as a preliminary to the renewal of the engagement, the persecution of my father, which is being carried on by your lawyer, will oease ?" "Absolutely." "And if the engagement is not renewed the money will of oourse be called in." " My lawyers advise that it should be," he answered, sullenly; "but see here, Ida, you may niake your own terms about money. Marriage, after all, is practically a matter of bargaining, and I am not going to staud out about the price," " You are really most generous," went on Ida, in the same bitter tone, tne irony of which made her father wince, for he understood her mood better than did her lover. "I only regret that I cannot appreciate the generosity more than I do. But it is at least in my power to give you the return which you deserve. So I can no longer hesitate, but onoe and for all" And Bhe stopped dead, and stared at the glaBB door as though she saw a ghost. Both her father and Edward Cossey followed the motion of her eyes, and this was what they saw. Up the steps came Colonel Quaritch and George. Both were pale and wearylooking, but the former was at least clean. As for George, this oould "not be said. His head was snll adorned with the red nightcap, bis handB were cut and dirty, and on his clotheB was an unlimited quantity of encrusted filth, " What the dickens" began the Squire, and at that moment George, who was leading, knocked at the door. "You can't come in now," roared the Squire; "don't you see that we are engaged ?'' " But we must come in, Squire, begging your pardon,". anBweced George, with determillation, &B; he Opened the door, " We've got that to say aB won't keep." I tell you that it must keep, sir," said the old gentleman, working himself into a raue. " Am I not to be allowed a moment's vrivacy in my own house ? I wonder at your conduct, Colonel Quaritah, in forcing your prcscnce upon me when I tell you that it is not wanted." "I am sure that I apologize, Mr. de la Molle," began the Cclouel, utterly taken e,back. " but what I have to say is" _ " The best way that you can apologize is by withdiawing," ans=7i red the Squire with majesty. "iBhall be .moat happy to hear w hat yoa have to say an another occasion " " Oh, rSqui.e, Squira, doa'C be such a fule, hogging your pirdou icr the word,' 1 said Georga in exasperation. " Don't go a knocking of your liead aaia a brick wali." " Will jou be off, sir''' roared iiis master ic a voice that made ths walls shake. iiy this time Ida had recovered herself. She-seemed to feel tliiC Itvr lover had s !<n-jthiEg to fay that concer^-ii aer deep y — probably she read ic >n hia eye*. " Father,' : fche said. raisi;jy; her voice, "I won't have Colonel Quaritoh turned away from the door like that, tf you will not admit fcim 1 will go outside and hear what it is that he has to say." In MB heart the Squire heid Ida in some awe. Me looked at her, and saw that her eyes were flashing and her breast heaving, and he giive way. "Oh, very well, since my daughter insists on it pray come in," and he bowed. " If such an intrusion falls in with your ideas of decency it is not for no9 to ootnplain." " I accept .yonv invitation, :: answered Harold, looking very angry, " because I have something to Bay wLich you must hear, and hear at once. No, thank yon, I will stand. Now, Mr. de la Molle, it is this, wonderful as it may seem. It h&s; been my fortune to discover the treasure hidden by Sir James de la Molle in the year 1313." There was aa universal gasp of aslcnishment. " What!" said the Squire. " Why I thcaght that the whole thing was a myth." " No, that it ain't, sir."atid George with a melancholy smile, " cos I've seen it. : ' Ida had sunk into a chair. " What is the amount?" she asked in a lov7 eager voice, '1 have been unable to cakulate exactly, but, speaking roughly, it e&anot;_ be much under fifty thousand pounds, estimated on the value of the gold alone. Here is a specimen of it,' and Harold palled out a handful of rials aud other coins, and poured them on to the table. Ida hid her face in her hand, and Edward Cossey, realising what this most unexpected development of events might mean for him, began to tremble, " I should not .allow myself to be too much elated, Mr. de'la Molle," he said with a sneer, "for even if this tale be true, it is treasure trove, and belongs to the Crown." " Ah,' Btid the Squire, " I never thought of that." " But I have,' said the Colonel quietly. If I remember right, the last of the original de la Molles left a will in which he specially devised this treasure hidden by hia father to your ancestor. That this is the identical treasure I am fortunately in a position to prove by this parchment," and he laid the writing that he had found with the gold upoa the table. "Quite right—quite right," said the Squire, "that will take it out of the custom." Perhaps the solicitor to the Treasury may hold a different opinion," said Coasey with another sneer. Just then Ida took her hand from her face. There was a dewy look about her eyes, and the last ripples of a happy smile lingered round the corners of her nrjuth. " Now that we have heard what Colonel Quaritch had to say,' she said in her softest voice, and addressing her father, "there is no reason why we should not finish our business with Mr. Cossey.' Here Harold and George turned to g3, but she waved them back imperiously, and began speaking before any one could interfere, taking up her speeoh where she had broken it off when she caught sight of the Colonel and George coming up the steps. " I can no longer hesitate," fihe said, " but once and for all I decline to mat ry you, Mr, Cossey, and I hope that I shall never see your face again.' At this announcement the be;.:Mered Squire put his hand to his head, i /.-ard Cossey staggered visibly and rested :i .n ^elf against the table, while George murmured audibly, " That's a good job." " Listen," said Ida, rising from her chair, her dark eyes flashing as the thought of all the ahame and agony that she had undergone rose up within her mind. "Listen, Mr. Cossey," and she pointed her finger at him, " this is the history of our connection. Some months ago I was so foolish, taking you for a gentleman, as to ask your help in the matter of the mortgages which your bank was calling in. You then practically made terms that if it should at any time be your wish I should become engaged to you, and I, having no option, accepted. Then, in the interval, while it was inconvenient to you to enforce your rights, I gave my affection elsewhere. But when jou, having deserted the lady who stood in your way—no, do not interact me, I know it, I know it all, I know it from her own lips—oame forward and claimed my promise, I was forced to assent. Then a loophole of esoape presented itself aud Z availed myself of it. What followed ? You again became possessed of power over my father and this place, you insulted the man I loved, you resorted to every expedient that the law would allow to torture my father and myself. You set your lawyers upon us like dogs upon a hare, you held ruin over us, and again and again you offered me money, as much money as I wished, if only I would sell myself to you. And then you bided your time, leaving despair to do its work. " I saw the toils closing round us. I knew that if I did not yield my father would be the place he loved better than his life would pass to strangers—would pass to you. No, j father, do not stop me, I will speak my mind, " And at last 1 determined that cost what it might I would yield. Whether I could have carried out my determination God only knows. I almost think that I should have killed myBelf upon my marriage day, I HiaaG up my mind. Not Sv6 minutes ago the very words were upon my lips ithat would have sealed v^y fate, when deliverance came. And aow go. I have done with you. Your money shall be paid to you, capital and interest, down to the last farthing. I tender back my priee» and knowing you for what you are, I— I despise you. That is all I have to say." "Well, if that beant a master one," ejaculated George, aloud. Ida, who had never looked more beautiful than Bhe did in this moment of passion, turned to seat herself, but the tension of her feelings and the torrent of her wrath and eloquenoe had been too much for her and she would have fallen had not Harold, who had been listening amazed to this overpowering outburst of nature, run up and caught her in his As arms. • . — for Edward Cossey, - he had . shrunk , back ; involuntarily beneath the volume,of her scorn, till he stood with his back against the paneUed wall. His face was white aB a sheet; despair and fury tahone in his large dark eyes. Never had he desired this woman more fiercely than he did now, in the moment when be knew that Bhe had escaped him for ever. In a senBe he was to be pitied, 1 for passion tore his heart in twain. For a moment he stood thus, and then with a I spring rather than a step, he advanced acrosB the room till he was face to face with Harold, ' who, with Ida half fainting still in his armB, ' and her head upon his shoulder, waB | standing on the further side of the great ; open grate. " you," he said, "I owe this to you— you half-pay adventurer," and he lifted hiB j arm as though to strike him, | "Come, none of that," said the Squire, ' speaking for the first time, " I will have no I brawling here." ! " No," put in George, edging his long form between the two, " and begging your pardon, ! sir, don't yon go a-calling of better men than j yourself adwenturers. At any rate, if the i Colonel is an adwenturer, he has adwentured ' to some purpose, as is easy to see," aud be ! pointed to Ida lying in his arms, i " Hold your tongue, sir," roared the Squire, i as usual relieving his feelings on his retainer, i " You are always shoving your oar in where it isn't wanned." " All right, Sauire, all right," said George i the imperturbable; " then his manners shonldn't be sich." i "Do you mean to allow this ?" said Cossey, 4 turning fiercely to the old gentleman. 1 Do you mean to allow this man to marry your daughter for her money?" " Mr. CoBBey," answered tthe Squire, with his politeBt and most old- fashioned bow, " whatever sympathy I may have felt for you is being rapidly alienated by your manner. I told you that my daughter must speak for herself. She has spoken very clearly, and, in short, I have absolutely nothing to add to her words." " I tell vou what it is," Cossey said, shaking with fury," "I have been tricked and fooled and played with, and so sure as there is a i God above us I will have my revenge on you all somehow. The money that this man says that he has found belongs to the Queen and not to you, and I will take care that the proper people are informed of it before you can make away with it, and when that is taken from you, if, indeed, the whole thing is not a trick, we will see what will happen to you. I tell you that I will take this property and I will pull thid old place you ereBO fond of down stone by stone and throw it into the moat, and send the plongh over the site. I will Eell the estate piecemeal and blot it out. 1 tell you I have been tricked— you enccar&ged; the marriage yourself, vou Enow you did, and you forbade that man the bouse," and he paused for breith and to colleLt bis words. AKiin the Squire boived, and his bow was a eluiiy in it- Belt. You do not see such bawa ROW a days. " Oije ininute, Mr. Cossey," he said very quie: ly, fcr it Wi:a oua ot his ppculiarities to become abnormally quiti in circumstances of refil emergency, "and theu 1 think that we njay close this painfui interview. Wheu first 1 knew 50U 1 dsd not like you. Afterwards, through various circumstances, I ino jiSed my ODicitn and set my dislike(iov/u to prejudice. You are quite ritittt in faj'inf, that I eucour- .uyi'i tbe idea or a marrij^^ ijet*eea you and :;jy laughter, and also tnai i forbade the house to Col.iiel Quaritch. I did so because, Tt> br hciieot, I saw no other way o£ avDi'iSD}; tru3 utter ruin of my family; bat perhaps 1 « as wicng in so doing. 1 hoya that you may nsvtr be placed in a position whicu will force jou to Euch a decision. Also at the time, inaesd never till tbis moment, have I qaite realized how the matter really stood. 1 did not understand how strongly my daughter was Attached in another direction, perhaps I was unwilling to understand it. Nor did i altogether understand the course of aiiion by which.it Eeems you obtained a promise of marriage from my daughter in the first instance. I was anxious for the marriage because I believed you to be a better man than you are, and because I thought that it would place,ay daughter and her descendants in a much improved position, and that she would in time become attached to you. I forbade Colonel Quaritcb ths house because I thought tJat an alliance with him would be meet undesirable for everybody concerned. I find that in all this I was acting wrongly, and I frankly admit it. Perhaps as we grow old we grow worldly also, and you and your sgents pressed me very hard, Mr. Cossey. Still I have always told you that my daughter waa a free agent and muat decide for herself, and therefore I owe you no apology on that score. So much then for the question of your engagement to Miss de la Molle. It iB done with. "Aud now as regards the threats you make. I Bhall try to meet them as occasion arises, and if I cannot do so it will be my misfortune. But one thing they show me, though I am corry to have to aay it to any -man in a house which i can still call my own —they show me that my first impressions of you were the correct ones. 1'ou are not a gcatl'.man, Mr. Cossey, and I must beg to decline the honour of your further acquaintance," and with another bow he opened the vestibule door aud stood holding the handle in bis hand. Edward Cossey looked round with a stare of rage and then uttering one most comprehensive curee he stalked from the room, and in another minute was driving fast through the ancicQt gateway. Poor man! Let us pity him, for he also ccrtaidy got his full due. George followed bim to the outer door and then he did a thing that nobody had seen him do before, he burst into a loud laugh. " What are you making that noise about asked his master sternly. " This is no laughing matter." '•Htm/"replied George pointing to the retreating dog cart—"he's a-going to pull down the castle and throw it into the moat and to send the plough over it, is he ? Bim —that varmint! Why, them old towers will be a-standing there when his beggarly bones is dutt, and when his name aint no more a name; acd there'll be one of the old blood sitting in them too. I kaaw it, and 1 hev alluB knawed it. Come, Squire, though you alius du say how as I'm a fule, what did I tell yer? Didn't I tell yer that Prowidence weren't a-going to let this place go to any laryers or bankers or thim sort. Why, cf course I did. And now you see. Not bat what it is ail owing to the Colonel. He was the man that found it, but then God Almighty taught him how to do it. But he's a good un, he is; and a gentleman—not like him," and he once more pointed with unutterable scorn to the road down which Edwarl Cossey had vanished. " Now, look here," said the Squire, " don't you stand here talking all day about things you don't understand. That's the way you waste time. You be off and look after this gold; it should not be left alone, you know. We will come down presently to Molehill, for I suppose that is where it is. No, I can't stop to hear the story now, and besides, I want Colonel Quaritch to tell it to me." " All right, Squire," said George, touching hia red nightcap, "I'll be off," and be started. "George," holloaed his master after him, but George did not stop. He had a trick of deafness when the Squire was calling and he wanted to go somewhere else. " Confound you," roared the old gentleman, " why don't you stop when I call you ?" This time George brought his long, lank frame to a standstill, " Beg pardon, Squire." "Beg pardon, yes—you're always begging pardon. Look here, you had better bring your wife and have dinner in the servants' hall to-day, and drink a glass of port.' " Thank you, Squire," said George, again touching his red nightcap. "And look here, George, give me your hand, man. Here's a merry Chriatmr-i to you. We've gone througe some queerish times about this place together, but now it almost Icoks as though we were going to end our days in peace and jplenty." " Same to you, Squire, I'm sure, same to you," said George, pulling off his cap. " Yes, yea, we've had some bad years, what with poor Mr. James and that Quest and Cossey (he's the master varmint of the lot he iB), and the bad times and the Moat Farm and all; but, bless you Squire, now that there'll be some ready money and no debts, why, if I don't make out somehow so that you all get a good living out of the place, I'm a Dutchman. Yes, it's been a bad time and we're getting old, btt there, that's how it is, the sky almost alius clears toward night falL God Almighty has a mind to let one down easy, I suppose." " If you would talk a little less about God Almighty, and come to Church a little more, it would be a good thing, as I've told you before," said the Squire; "but there, go along with you." And the honest fellow went. CHAPTER XLIV. CHBISTMAS CHIMES, The Squire turned and entered the house. He generally was fairly noisy in his movements, but on this occasion he was exceptionally so. Possibly he had a reason for it. On reaching the vestibule he found Harold and Ida standing side by side as though they were being drilled. It waB impossible to resist the conclusion that they nad suddenly assumed that attitude, because it happened to be the first position into which they could conveniently fall. There was a moment's silence, and then Harold took Ida's hand and led her up to where her father was standing. " Mr. de la Molle," he said simply, " once more I ask you for your daughter in marriage. I am quite aware of my many disqualifications, especially those of my age and the Bmallness of my means; but Ida and myself hope and believe that under all the circumstances you will no longer withhold your consent," and he paused. " Quaritch," answered the Squire, " I have already in your presence told Mr. Cossey under what circumstances I was favourably inclined to his proposal, so I need not repeat all that. As regards your means, although they would have been quite insufficient to avert the ruin which threatened us, still you have, I believe, a competence, and owing to your wonderfnl and most providential discovery the fear of ruin seems to have passed away. It is owing to you that that discovery—which, by-the-way, I want to hear all about—has been made. Had it not been for you it never wouid have been made at all, and therefore I certainly have no right to say anything more about your means. As regards your age, well after all forty-four is not the limit of life, and if Ida doeB not object to marrying a man of those years I cannot ob< ' ject to her doing so. With reference to your , want of occupation, I think that if you marry I Ida this place will aB times are keep your i hands pretty full, especially when you have ; an obstinate donkey like that fellow George j to deal with; for I am getting too old and 1 stupid to look after it myself, and, besides, • things are eo topsy-turvy that I can't under- : etand them. There is one thing more that I i want to say, I forbade you the house. Well, you are a generous-minded man, and it is ! human to err; and I think that perhaps you will understand my action, and not bear me a grudge on that account. Also, I dare say that at the time, and possibly at other times, I said things that I should be sorry for if I conld remember what they were, which I can't; and if so I apologise to you as a gentleman should when he finds himself in the wrong. And now I say God bleBS you both, and I hope you will be happy in life together; and so come here, Ida, my love, and give me a kiss. You have been a good daughter all your life, and so Quaritch may be sure that you will be a good wife too." ! Ida did as Bhe was bid, and then she went | over to her lover and took his hand, and Le j kissed her on the forehead, and BO after all ( their troubles they finally ratified the con- ; tract. | And we, who have followed them thus far, ' and have perhaps been a little moved with their struggles, hopes, and fears, will not Burely grudge to re-echo the Squire's oldfaeliioned prayer, "God bless them both." God bless them both 1 Long may they live, and happily ! Long' may they live, and for very long may their children's children of the race if not of the name of de la Molle pass in and out through the old Norman gateway and past the Eturdy Norman towers. The Boisseye, v?ho built them, here had their habitation for tis generations. The <?e la Molles who wedded the heiress of the Boisseys lived hero for thirteen generations. May the Quarit^hs, whose ancestor married Ida, htirttB of ihe de la Molles, endure as long ! Surely it is permitted to us to lift a corner of the curtain of futurity and to see in spirit Ida Quaritch, stately and beautiful as wo knew her, but of a happier countenance, seattd on some Christmas Eve to CDmo in the drawing-room of the castle and telling to the children at her knees the wonderful tale of how their father and old George oa this very night when the great gale blew long years ago discovered the ruddy pile of gold hoarded in that awful storehouse amid the bciies of Saxon or Danish heroes, and Ihus saved her to be their mother. We can surely see the wide and wondering eyes and li e fcxtd faces as for the tenth time t*iey listen to a story before which the joyB of CrusLe will grow pale, and hear the eager appeals fcr confirmation made to the milit&iy- lookiDg; gentleman—very grizzled now, Lut grown better-looking with the advancing yeais—who is standing warming himself before the fire, the best and most beloved husband and father in the whole country side. Perhaps there may be a vaoant chair and another tomb among the ranks of the departed de la MolleB; perhaps the ancient walls will no longer echo to the sound of the old Squire's stentorian voice. And what of that ?—it iB our common lot. But when he goes the country Bide will lose a man of whom they will not see the like again, for the breed is dead or dying—a man whose very prejudices, inconsistencies, acd occa&iGnai; wrong-headed violence will be held when he is no longer here to have been endearing qualities; and for manliness, for downright Engliah Godfearing virtues, for love of Queen, country, family, and hose, they may search in vain to find his equal among the thin-blooded gentility of the cosmopolitan Englishmen of the dawning twentieth century. His faults were many, and at one time he went near to sacrificing his daughter to eave his house, but he would not have been the man he was without them. And so to him, too, farewell. Perhaps he will find himself better placed in the Valhalla of his forefathers, surrounded by those stout old de la Molles whose memories he regarded with so much affection than here in the Victorian era; for, as has been said elsewhere, the old Squire would undoubtedly have locked better in a chain shirt and a battle-axe than ever he did in a frock coat, especially with his retainer George armed to the teeth behind him. They kissed, and it was done ; and out from tbe church tower in the meadows broke with clash and clangour the glad sound of the Christmas Bella. Out it swept over pital and fallow, over grove and wood. It floated down the valley of the Ell; it beat against Dead Man's Mount (henceforth to the vulgar mind more haunted than ever), and echoed up the castle's Norman towers and down the oak- clad vestibule. Away over the common went the glad message of Earth's Saviour, away high into the air, startling the rooks upon their airy courses—as though the iron notes of the World's rejoicing would faiu float to the throned feet of the World's Everlasting King. Peace and goodwill—ay, and happiness—to the children of men while there span is, and hope for the beyond, and heaven's blessing on holy love and all good thingB that are. This was what those liquid notes seemed to say to the most happy pair who stood hand in hand in the vestibule and thought of all they had escaped and all that they had won. " Well, Quaritch, if you and Ida have quite done staring at each other—which un't very interesting to a third party—perhaps you will not mind telling ns how yon happened on old Sir James de la Molle's hoard." Thus adjured, Harold began his thrilling story, telling the whole history of the night in detail; and if his hearers had expeoted to be astoniBhed, certainly their expectations were considerably more than fulfilled. " Upon my word," said the Squire when be had done, " I think I am beginning to grow superstitious in my old age. Hang me if I don't believe it was the finger of Providence itself that pointed out those letters to you. Anyway I'm off to see the spoil. Run aud get your hat, Ida, my dear, and we will aU go together." And they went and looked at the chest brimful of red gold—yes, and passed down, all 'three of them, into those chill presences in the bowels of the Mount, and coming thence awed and silent sealed up the place for ever. CONCLUSION. GOOD-BY. On the following morning such inhabitants of Boisingham as happened to be about were much interested at seeing an ordinary farm tumbril coming down the main street, and being driven, or rather led, by no less a person than George himself, while behind it walked the well - known form of the old Squire arm-in-arm with Colonel Quaritcb. Tfiey were still more interested, however, when the tumbril drew up at the door of the . Bank—not Cossey's, but the opposition Bank } —where, although it was Boxing Day, the • Manager and clerk were waiting apparently for its coming. j But their interest culminated when thc.y j perceived that the cart only contained a , few flour sacks, and yet that each of these | sacks seemed to require three or four men to j lift it with any comfort. Thus was the gold safely housed. Upon i being weighed its value was found to be j about fifty-three thousand pounds of modern i money. As t however, some of the coins were exceedingly rare and of great value to j museums and collectors, this value was considerably increased, and the treasure was ultimately sold for fifty-five thousand two hundred and fifty- four pounds, Only Ida kept back enough of the choicest coins to make a gold waistband or girdle and a necklace for herself, destined no doubt in future days to form the most cherished heirloom of the Quaritch family. On that same evening the Squire and . Harold went to London and opened up communications with the Solicitor to the Treasury. Fortunately they were able to refer to the will of Sir Edward de la Molle, the second Baronet, in which he specially devised to his cousin Geoffrey Dcifferleigh and his heirs for ever not only his estates but his lands, "together with the treasure hid thereon or elsewhere by my late murdered father. Sir James de la Molle;" also they produced the writing which Ida had found in the old Bible and the parchment discovered by George among the ooin. These three documents formed a chain of evidence which even officials interested for the Treasury could not refuse to admit; and in the upshot the Crown (enounced its claims, and the property in the gold passed to the Squire subject to the payment of the same succession duty which he would have been called upon to meet had he inherited a like sum from a cousin at the present time. And so it came to pass that when the mortgage money waB due it waB paid to the last farthing, capital and interest, and Edward Cossey lost his hold upon Honham for ever. AB for Edward CoBsey himself we may say one'more word about him. In the course of time he cot over hiB violent passion for Ida sufficiently to allow him to make a brilliant marriage with the only daughter of an impecunious peer. She keeps her name and title, and' he plays the part of the necessary husband. Anyhow, my reader, if it is your glorions fortune to frequent the gilded saloons of the great you may meet Liady Honoria Tallbit and Mr. Cossey. If you do meet him, however, it may be as well to avoid him, for the events of bis life have not been of a nature to improve his temper. TbiS much, thee, of Edward Cossey. If after leaving the gilded saloons aforesaid you should happen to wander down Piccadilly or the Strand, as the case may be, you may meet another character in this hiatory. You may Bee a sweet, pale face, still stamped with a childlike roundness and simplicity, but half hidden in the coarse hood of the nun; You may see her, and if yon oare to follow you may find what is the work wherein she seeks her peace. It would shock you —you would fly from it in horror; but it is her work of mercy and lovingkindness, and she does it unflinchingly, and among her fellow nuns there is no one more beloved than Sister Agnes. So good-by to her alao. Harold Qnaritch and Ida were married in the spring, and the village children strewed the churchyard path—the same path where in anguish of soul they had met and parted on that dreary winter's night—with primroses and violets. And there, at the old churoh door, when the wreath is on her brow and the veil about her face, let UB bid farewell to Ida and her | husband, Harold Qnaritch. THE END. " I m very glad to have been of any comfort to your poor huBband, my good woman. But what made you send for (me instead of your own minister ?" " Well, sir, it's typhus my puir husband's got, and we dinna think it juet richt for our ain minister to run tbe risk !" " This isn't a menagerie," sharply observed an irascible woman to a man who was trying to force his way through the crowd at the door of a concert-room. " No, I suppose not," returned the man, "or they wouldn't leave any cf the animals to block up the entrance." I : 