[?] THE BOTOMAlt, A NEW SAO A. B? HALL CAINE, Author of 'The DoemBter,' 'A Son of' Hagar,' ' Tho Shadow of a Crime, '?' , '!r. ' ' &o.;,.&o.; ' ': '?-'?5, [AUi UUBENSLAN1J EldnTJ HE9BByBD^J .';:';rC|iArTEBi.XX.— Tpsi.Pba.ob Oath.'-, . ' .' 1 Thero was short shrift for Red' Jason; Ho ?was tried by tho court nearest the spot, and that was the criminal court over which the Injihop.in hip civil capacity prestdcJ, with nine; of hie neighbours on tho bench besido hiin. From thiB court an appeal was possible to the Co.urtof the Quarter, and again from the. Quarter Court to tho Hiyh Court of Althinu ; but appeal in this ea^e thore was noao, for there ytaa no defence. And beoause Inelandio law didno.t allow of the imprisonment of a criminal uuih nicer no naa ot-en sontonood, an. ingneBt was called forthwith, lest Jason Bhould escapb_or oompass tho crime he had attempted. So the court of inquiry Bat the samo night in the wooden shed that served both for senate and honse of justico. The snow was now falling heavily, aud the ( hour was lato, but tho courthouse was thronged. It was a little place — a plain box, bare, foituuo less, and chill, with walls, roof, and seats of wood and floor of hard earth. Four short benohes were raised, stop above step, against tho farthest side, and on the higboBt of those the bishop sat, with three of his colleagues oneaoh of the three rows beneath him. The prisoner stood on the broad ^ool to tho right, and the witneeses on a like stool to the loft. A woodim bar crossed the room about midway, aud in the open space between that and the door the spectators were orowdod together. The place was lighted by candles, and some wore fixed to the walls, others were held by u»hers on the: end of long sticks, and a few wore hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their raidulo. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of tho snow that was moliing on. the people's clothes. No thing could be ruder thunthecourthou^, but the court that sat there observed a ruli of pro cedure that was almost an 'iiolu'oi-y 01 form. . The prisoner was called by ' tho nimo of Jason, Eon of Stephen Orry, and having an swered inavoico so hollow that it seemed to coo.? out of the earth beneath him, ho roso to Lib place. His attitude was dull and impassive, and1 he seemed hardly to see the restless orowd that murmured at sight of him. HiB tall figure stooped, there wag a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow fire in his bloodshot oyes, ond his red hair, long as a woman's, hunt; in disordered waBses down his worn cheeks to his shoulders. The bishop, a venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought, 'That man's heart is dead within him.' The inouthpieco of the court was a middle 8god man, who was short, had little piercing eyepj asquaro brush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across the top of his corded fore head, and a crisp, clear utterance, like the crackle of a horse's hoofs on the frost. ' JnBon was charged with an attempt to take the life of Miebatl Sunlooks, first President of the secotd Republic He did not plead and had no defence, and tho witnesses against him spoke only in answer to the leading questions of the judges. The first of tho witnesses was Greeba horself, and her evidence, given in English, was inter preted by an interpreter. All her bravo strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes were down ; her head was bont ; her face was half-hidden by tho hood of a cloak shn wore, and her tones wore baroly audible. Sbel'ad little to say. Tho prisoner had forced his way into Government Houre, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the lifo of her iusband. In plain words he had done so, and then made show of going in pur suit of her husband that he might oarry out his dei-ign. ' wait/' said the bishop, 'your huabaud was not present i' ' No, , 'said Greoba. ,.? /' There was, therefore, ho direct. violeme f ' '.None.' ? _',.'. ,, ..?:.? ''.,'.' ;.:i .'? T. ??:?; '?And the. whole sum of the. prisoner's offence, so far as you know of, lies in the use of; the.worde that youhave repeated ?!' : .'??-? 'Yes.V - :? , ...'? -.-.? ;-? Then, turning to tho spakosman of the court, the old bishop said — ' There haB bcon no ovort act. This is not an attempt, but a threat to take life.' ' '! Your pardon, my lord,' said tho little man, in his criBp tones.- ' I will show that the pri soner is guilty of the essential part of murder' itself. Murder, my lord,' he added, ' is not merely to compass the destruction of a lifo, for there is homieido by misadventure, there is justifiable homidda, and there aro tho rights, long recognised by Icelandic law, of the avengers of blood. Murder. Is to kill in socreoy, and after long-harboured malioo, and now, my lord, I shall show that the pcisoner has lain in wait to ulay tho President of tho Republic' At that Greeba stood down, and other wit nesses followed her. Nearly everyone had been summoned with whom Jason had exchanged words sinoo he landed eight days before. There was the lean student who had told bun of the drill at tho Latin school, the little tailor who had explained the work at the Raol, tho stut tering dcor-keeper at the senate houso, and ono of the masons at the fort. Much was made of the fainting in tho cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady; tho cathedral caretaker, some startling disclosures seemed to be drawn. ' Still,' said the old bishop, '? I see no ovort aot.' : 'Good graoious, my lord,' said the little spokesman, 'arowetowait until the knife itself has been reddened ?' ' God forbid,' said tho old bishop. Then came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of thorn was the tipsy comrade of former days, who bad drawn Jason into tha drinking shop. - He could say of his own knowledge that Jason was jealous of the new Governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people Baid, end so Jason hitd told him. They had the same father, but different mothers. ' Jason's mothor hed been the daughter of the old governor, who turned1 his back on her at her marriage. : A^her^ death ho relented, and tried to find Jason, but could not,1 and. then took up with Michael SunlodUs: People said that was the beginning of the new Governor's fortune. At all ovents Jaeou thought he hod been supplanted) was vory wroth,' and - rrarnrp lin-Tonntd Kn rvtvnntrnA i . The Bccond of the two witnesses pointod to a very. difforent motive. He was1 ono ?? of the three Dacca who had twioo spoken to Jason— j' the elderly man of tho meek and qiiiot munner. Thonghi himself loyal to the Ioelandio Re public he had beeu much thrown1 among its enemies.' Jason was one of them ; he oame here an a Bpy diroot from Copenhagen, and his constant aBsociatos woro Thomson, an old, white-headed m«n liyiuij in High street, and Folvosen, a young ond sallow mnn, who kept one of the stores facing tho soa With those two Jason had- been heon heard bv him to plan the assassination of the President. Atthis ovidenoe thoro wus a deep murmur among tho people, and it was seen that Greeba had (risen again to hor feot. Her heart burned and stormed within hor. 6ho tried to speak hut-oould -not. At the eanto moment Jason turntd his bloodshot eyes in her direction, and her limbs gavo way under her, and sho sank hack with a moan. Tho nourt miaroad her emotian, ond elio was removed. Jubou's rod eyeB followed her ooostantly. ? ? : ' This ia a oase for the warning, not for putishiscnt,' said tto bishop. ' It is plainly written in our old law book tiint if a man threaten to slay another man be shall be warned of the gravity of the orimn he oontemplates and of .the penalty attaohingfto it.' ?? I i- 1 ??',-.' : # t'Graciaus hoavehB, .my- lord,' orlod tho' little; spokesman, 'what reason have we to' atsumo that this prisoner is ignorant of either P ' 'With'a lifo to guard that ia prized by friends and preoioDBto tho State shall we lot this man toI.lreeJTwhoihaa sworn before witnesses to oetioy it?' . ' . - .. ? . t1 God forefendi'. said tho bishop. : ? It. was lawful ito. Question' the ? prisoner, and Bohowae 1 questioned. ;- ..' '.-!.. i -?- m ' fa it true that you have been lying in; wait . to kill the President P' asked the spokesman. : But Jnaon made no answer. : 'Is it truo that you have done so from a desire for personal vtngoanoef' No answer. ' Or from political motives f' No answer. 1 .'. ': ; j; '? Or both P' ji 1 Still no answer. ? : .-. Then the spokesman turnelbiok totheoourt. 'Tho stubborn porsistonoe of the prisoner is eaBy to nnderstand,' ho a Ai, aud smiled. , ?- -w^it,' said the old bishop, aud ho turned towards Jason. I ' Have you any valid plea f!' But Jason gave no sign. ' : ' 'Listoi,' said the biabop. ''X^hough the raan.who oompa6ses the destruction of a single life is as though ho had destroyed a world, for the posterity of him who is dead might have filled a world, yet ' have all laws of men sinoo the Pentateuch recognised ortain conditions that limit the gravity of the critno. If tho man who is slain had himself slain the near kindred of his slayer, though the law of Ice land would no longer hold him guiltless, as in the ancient times, when ovil for evil was tho rule and eenteuoo, neither would it punish him as a murderer, who rpiiet eat the bread and drink the water of misery ell his days. Now what is true of murder must bo true of intent to murder, nnd though I ma loth to believe it pot-bible in this instanoe, honouring and loving a* wo all do that good man whom you are oharged with lying in wait to kill, yet in my dutv must.I nsk you thejquestion — Has Michael Suniocks spilled blood of your blood, and is it as ft redeemer of blood that you go about to elay him?' There waB a dead hush in &o; little orowded court-house ne Jason lifted his heavy, blood shot eyes to the bishop's face and answered, in weary voira, ' I have nothing to say.' Then an aged Lutheran priest, who had sat within the rail, with a snufE-bax'Tu his hand and a red print handkerohief acro-s hii kneo, bcbbled up to tho witness stool and tendered evidence Ho could throw light on tho pri soner's hatr3d of the president, if it was true that tho president was h son of Stephen Orry. Ho knew the prisoner, and h-d named him in his baptism. He had known the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite truo thut she was a daughter of tho lato Governor, and had been badly treated by hor father.. But sho had been yot.moro badly treated by her husband, who marriod again while she was st'U alivo, and had another son by, tho other wife. On hor dorthbed she bad heard of thi3, and told tho prisoner, who then and thero, thiB witness being pr..sent, made an awful vow of vengeance upiu his father and his father's eon. . The old priest was heard in silence, and his words sent a quiver through the oourt-hou3e. Even Jason, who had shown no interest save when, Greeba was- removed, lifted up hiB blood shot eyeE again and listoned. . . And the bishop, visibly moved, turned to the court and said, ' Let us put this prisoner baok to be tried by tho High Court and the Lag mann.' v, ' What, my lord,' oried tho little spokes man, with a lofty look, 'and set him at liberty in tho meantime, to carry out the crime he threatens f' ' Heaven forbid,' said the bishop. ? 'Remember, until he has been condemned, wo have no power to hold him,' said the spokennan. : .,.''.. The bishop turned to an uehor and said, ' Bring mo tho statuto book,' and the groat tome was brought. Tho bishop opened it, and again turned to tho prisoner. ' The Al mighty,' said he, 'croated one man at the beginning to teach us that all men aro brethren,' and the law of our old oountry provides that when two have had disputes and pursued eaoh other or account of hatred, even as brethren, thoy shall make peace before their neighbours. Now listen to the words I shall read to you, and bo ready to say if you will swear to them.' Then a preat silenco fell upon tho people, while in solemn tones tho old bishop rctd the peace oath. ' Y.Q two ehnll be get afc cmo and live f ciendlv tosrether, at meat and at drink, in the Althing' and at meetings, at kick prayers and in king's palcce ; and in whatever place else men moot together, thero shall ye be so sot at one, as if this quarrel had never como botwoan you. Ye shall share knife and moat together aad oil things besides as friends and not as enemiVj,' JThe bishop paused and looked over his speo-^. tacles at Jason', whe stood as before, with the' cloud on his brow and the slow fire in his deep OTCB,but with no Bigu of feeliug or in terest.' I : 'IWill you promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it with you ?' eaid the bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, aud there oame across his face at that moiuont (he look of a bated dogl . \ \ i' No,' he growled. . ' The; spokesman shifted in his seat and tho people grew restless. . ? 'Listen again,' said the bishop, and hie long white beard shook, and his solemn voice rose to a high shrill cry, as he twisted baok to the book aud read : ' But if ono of you bo so mad that he breaks this truco thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall bo an outlaw, accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves farthest away. Ho shall be banished of God and all good Christiun men, as far as Christian men eoek churches, as mothers bring forth sons, son calls mothor, names blaze up, mankind kindlct firo, eirth is green, sun shines, and snow covers the ground ; he shall flee from kirk and Christian men, God's house and mankind, and from every home Eave hell.' Then thero wan a pauso and a groat hush, and the bishop lifted h-s eyes from the book, and said — ' Will you Bwear to it ? ' Again all oye? turned towards Jason, and again bis face, which had been impassive, took tho look of a bated dog. ' No, no, no ! ' he ctiod in a loud voice, and then the great filenbo was broken by deop mur murs. 'It is useless,' said the spokesman. ' Warnings and peaco oaths, though still valid are tho maohineryof another age. Tbi9prisoner is not ignorant of tho. gravity of the crime he contemplated, nor yet of the penalty'attaohing 0 it.' ?. . , There waa an audible murmur of as3ont from the people. '? That's true,' said on?. 'It's the truest word spoken to-night,' said anothor. : 'The old roan is all for mercy ,'? said a third. ' It isn't safo,' said a fourth. Aud thore was' cother whimpering, and muoh nodding of heads and shuffling of feot. Encouraged by thoae comments, the little spokesman added— ? ' - ' ,.? ' In a.ny, other . oountry at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to. tako life would1 bo promptly' olapped inta 'prison.' ?'-''' ?'??'-'?? ??'??*- '? , '!.-*-.*.?:? ; 'Ay, ay,' the people muttered, but' the bishop drew himself up arid Baid,'In'any ' other country a criminal who showed, us four of tho death thai hung ovor him would bs ? straightway consigned to a madhouse;' ' We have no madhouso in this island, my lord,' said tho little spokesman,' save the sulphur miucs, and there ho must go.' . ' - ' Wait,' said tho bishop, and onoo again he turned to tho prisoner. ' 'If thiV otiurt should agrno to ship you out of Ioaland, will you promise nevor more to return to it ?' For the third timo all eyes were turned- on Tason, but ho did not seem to hour the bishop's, question. ? ''''.' ? .';' 'Will you promise p' said the bishop again. ' «' No,' said Jason. ???,...- ' Dangerous trifling,' said 'the spokesman. ' When you se'ee a nv\d dog you strangle it.' ' ' Ay, ay,' cried many voieea at onoe, and great osoitoment prevailed. The old blBhop drew back with a sigh of re- ? lief. He loved Miohael Sunlooks, and had boon eager to -save him. Ho pitied ttteebai' and for ' her sake cleo had been anxioua to protect her husband. But from tho moment he Baw Jason and thought, '' That man's heart ia dead within him,' his ]ove has struggled with hie sonso of duty. Ae tho trial went on, he romamborod Jason aud recalled his bitter history, and seized with a strong sympathy he ' had attained evory nerveto kbop1 baok- hia p'nniBhmenl, ',_He bad done all ho oould do,' he had ncthWr to ro- ' ' proach bimsolf with, and full of a deep and 1 secret joy at the bortainty of the'oa'fety of Sunloekg, he now fell back that tho law might * take its oourse. Tho oonrt was oounted.out, and then bisbop turned for the laBt time to Jason, and delivered judgement. ' Tho sentence of this oourt,' he said, ' is that yon bo' removol from' hero to the sulphur mineB, and bo kopt thoro six months pertain, and as long thereafter as you refuse to take the oath of 'peica'' pledging1 yourself for ever, bb I ng as you livo, or tho world ondures, to be at ono with your enemy as brothers boforo all men living.' Now Greoba alone knew the (ruth about Jaton. When Bho bod fled from M .n without a word or warning, it had not been out of f earof him, but of her brothers. Her meeting with Michael 8unlooli8, her short stay with good old Bithop Potereen, her marriage and tho foatival that followed' had pn-Bed her by like a dream. Then camo tho first short parting with San looks, when he had s»idj 'I must leav-) you for a fortnight, for tho men I sent in seiroh of your father havo blauderod and returned without him.' , She had cried a littlo at that, and he had kieted her, and madea bi'ttvo Bhowof his oonrage, though sho could fee the tears iu his own big shining«yes. . But it'wua all a dream, a sweet and happy dream, and ouly by the coming of Jason had ihn d'eani been broken. Then followed her terror, hor plea,' hor fear for her hutband's life, her doflanco of Jason, and the charge the made against him. And tho first burst of passion ovor, she had thought to herself, ' My husband is safo, but Jason will now Ml all, and I shall bo a lost and ruined womau,' for nothing had she yet said to Michael ttunloaks concerning the man who had wooed and won and released her during tho long years of his Bilenoe and her trouble. ' Ho will hear tho Btory now,' she thought, ' and not from my lips but from Jason's, Boing then bo far immersed sho Could not but go on, and she had allowed horself to ba led to tho court houso No one thoro had thought to aBk her if she had known anything of Jason before that day, and she on her part had B*id nothing of knowing him. But when Jason had looked at her with oyc3 of reproaoh that seemed to po through her soul, he so.uied to bo saying ' This is hut half *bo tru j. Daro you not tell tho rest!' Then listening to tho lying of other wit nesses, and looking up at Jason's face, so full of pain, and seeing how silent he wab under cruel perjury, sho remembered that this man's worst crimo had been his love of her, and ss sho staggered to her feot to confess everything. Whon sho camo to herself aftor that, sho was back in her own homo— her new homo, the home of her happy dro'am, hor husband's hom-3 and hers, and thore her first feur returned to her. 'Ho will tell all,' she thought, 'and ovil. tongues will ruakj ifc worse, and shame will fall upou my husbaud, and I shall be lost, lost, loBt.' ? She waited with feverish impatience for tho coming of the bishop to tell her the result of the trial, and at length he cumo. 'What have thoy done with bim?' sho cried, and he told her. : ' ' ? '' ' What defence did he make ? ' she agkod. ' Nono,' eaid the bishop. ' What did he say ? ' she asked again. 'Hot a word but ' No,' ' said tho bishop. Then she drew a long breath of immense relief, and at the next instant'she reproaohed herself. How little of soul she had been ! And how great of heart had been Jason ! Ho could have wreoked hoi- life with a word, but he had held his peaoo. She had Bent him to prison, and rather than araite ho had suffered himself to be smitten. She felt herself small and mean.. And tho bishop, having, as ho thought, ban ished Greoba' a terror, hobbled to the door, for now i ho hour was very late, and the saow was still falling. 'The poor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad ! poor lad ! After all he ia more fit for a madhouse thau for a prison. Goodnight, my ohild, good night.' : And f 0 the good old man went his way. It was intended that Jasoa should start for the sulphur mines on the following day, and ho waa lodged overnight in a little hou89 of detention that stood on tho south of the High streot. But the Bnow continued to fall the whole night through, and in the morning tho roads wore impassublo. Then it was decided to Fontf-W? the lorg journey until tho storm, should havo passed, the froat set in, aud tho dceolate wild waBtes to be orossed became hard and firm. It was now Wednesday of tho second week in October— tho Gore-month —and tho Icelanders'' wore nlroady sotlliug down to tho long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants began to sleep the livelong day in their deserted stores iu tho oh.eapstead, and the bonders, who hud coma up with the last of thoir stock, to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day the snow fell in fine dust like flour, until, white as it was, the air grew, dark with it. At the late dawn of tho next day the snow was still falling, and .a violont;gale had then risen. Auothor and another and yet anothor dtiy went by, and still the snow fell and tho gale eontinued. For two days thore was no daylight, and only at noon through the giddy air » fiery glow burned for an hour along the southern sky and then weat out. _ Nothing oould be seen of foil or fiord,' and nothing could be hoard save the baying of the hounds at night and the roar oi the sea at all timeB, for the w:nd made no noise in the soft snow, but drove it aloug in sheeta like silent ghosts. ? ? ? Never before had Grooba seen anything so terrible; and still more fearful than the great mow itsolf was the anxiety it brought her. ' Where wub Miohaol Suniocks? ; Where was hor father ? There was only ono other whose condition troubled her, and she know too well where he was— he was lying in tho dark cell of tho dark house in tho High street. ?While tho storm lasted oil Reykjavik lay asleep, aud Greoba could do nothing. But ouo morning when she awoke and turned to the window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary snow was still falling, she could aee nothing at first for the oolting of ioe aud hoarfrost th°,t covered the glasB. But the snow had jeased, the wind had fallen, tho air wa3 o'.oar, und tho light was coming. Tho buildings of tho town, from the cathe dral to the hovels of the fishing quarter, looked liko snow mounds in tho dosert ; tho blaok wuBto of lava vas gone ; the black beaoh was gone ; the black jokulls woro gone ; the bluok hendland was gone that had Btretched like a giant hand of many fingers into the black fiord ; but height above height, and, length beyond length, as far as from sea to sky and from sea to sea, the world lay lifulesa and ' silent and wliito around her. 'Then, tho town being once more awako, Greeba had news of Jason. It came through a ; littlo English - maid, whom ' Huulooka ' hud found for her, from Oscar, the young man who had gone out in search of her father and re turned without hi-n. Juson w.is ill. Five ? days ho had eaten nothing, and nothing had he drunk except water. He. was in a fever — a brain fever — and it waa now known for certain that ho wus tho man who Imd fainted outside the cathedral on tho marriage morning, that ho had btenillovor since then, and that the drug gjflfc of the High' etreet had bled him. , With those tidings Grdebu hurried away to the bishop. !' The poor man has brain fevor,' she said. 'Ho !wa« ill when he made the threat, and when ho recovers, ho will regret it. I am sure he will. . I know ho will. Hot him at liberty, for meroy'a sake,' sho cried, and eho^rombled as, she spoke, lest in tho fervour of her pUn'tho bishop should rend hor soorot. But ho only shook his hoad and looked ten derly down at her, nnd suid very gently, though every word went to hor' heart like a stab— '.,'.,' ' ' Ah, it is like a good woman to pleai for one who has iDJured her. ' But no, my child, no, it may not bo. Fcor lad, no one now oan dp anything for him, save the President him self, and he is not likely to liberate a man who lieo in' wait to kill him.' 'He is^ likely,' thought Greoba, and straightway sho oonooived of a plan. Sho would go to Jason in his prison. Yes, she her self would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeanco and be at peace with her husband. Then she would wait for the return of Miohael Sunlooks, and pload with that doar heart, that could deny hor tipthing, to grant her Jason's pardon. ? Tb.ua it would. oomo about that she, who had stood bo twoon these two to separata them, would at length 1'. stand' between ''them' io bring them 'tpgelher..' ' '?' ? ?' ??' '' ?? . r :' ? ? ii ?' ?'. ' So thinking, and oryiftg h little, liko a truo woman, at the prospeot of so much joy,' eha waited for JaBon's rooovory that she might ; carry ber purpose into effeot. Meantime sho ?contrived to send him' jellios and soups, snoh'a'i; might tempt the appetite of a eiok man. Sho thought she sent them' .ae'oretly,1 but .with less than a woman's wit flhe employed a woman on ler errand. Tnis person was 'the little English maid, and she handed over the duty to Od3ar, who was her sweetheart. ' O-car talked openly: of what h» was doing, and thus all Reykjavik knew that the tender- hearted young wif 0 of tho Governor held oommunioation of some sort with tl e man whom eho had sent to gaol. Then one day, on hearing that Jasoa was. better, though neither was ho so woll as to travel, nor was the snow hard [onough to walk upon, Greeba stole across to tho prison in the durk of tho afternoon, saying nothing to any one of her mission or intontion. Tho ptuttorinj? doorkeeper of the ? sonata was' tho gaoler, and he betrayed groat oonsorn, when Greoba aBked to see his prlsonor, Showing by his ghastly looks, for hia woida would not come, ' that it would bo rash on her part, after helping eo much towards Jason's iropriBbn'raohti to trust herself in his presence. . , ;? ? ? \ ' But what havo I to feir ? ' sho thought, and with a bravo smile she pushod her wav thrcush. ?- . 3 She found Jason iu a pquiro box built of heavy piles laid horizontally both for walls and ro,f, daik and damp aud muggy, lighted in tho day by a holo in tho wood not, larger than a man's hand, nud in tho night by a sputtering candle hnng from tho raftors. , Ho Bat on a etool ; bis faco was worn,, his head was closo cropped to relieve tho heat'of hiB brain, and on the tablo by hia side lay all' Iris rod hair, as lonp es his mother's was when( it fo)l to the shears of tho Jew on the wharf. 1 He gavo no sign when Gtooba entered, though ho koew Bho was there, but sat witU his faco' down and one hand on tho table; 'Jason,' she Baid, 'I am ashamed. ItisI who havo broughtyou to this. Forgive mo, forgivo mo 1 But my husband's lifo was in dunger, and what was I to do ?' Still he gave no (sign. ' Jaton,' eho said again, ' you hav? heapod coals of fire 0:1 my head, for I have dono. nothing but injure you, and though you might have done as muoh for mo you never hare.' At that tho fingers of his hand on tho table grasped the edge of it convulsively. 'But, JiiBOn,' sho Baid, 'p'l is not lost yet No, for I can save you still. Listen. You shall give mo your prcmiao to makepeace with my hufband, and when my husband returns, he wJUgrant me your pardon. Oh, yes, I know ho wi'l, for ho is tender- hearted, and he w'U forgivo you : yee, he will forgive you ? ' ' 'My cmso on him and hU forgiveness,' oried Juson, rising suddenly and bringing down his fist on tho tablo. ' Who is ho that ho should forgivo mo p It has not been for hia sake that I havo been silent, with th« devil at my side i-rc;ing me to spe-ik. And for all that youhave made mo to suffer; he shall yet piy double. Let it go on Let him send me away. ? Let him bury meJa his mines. 'Bufcl shall live to find him yet. Something tells ma ' that I shall notdio, until I have met with that manfaoo toface.'v-; - . :? . And Greeba went baok home with these mad words ringing in her ears. ' It vi useless to try,' she thonght. ' 1 have dono all I oan. My husband is before everything. I shall say nothing to him now;' : ' H ono the lens the oried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime hor little English maid oame np to her and chattered of the news . of tho day. It ccemed that some Danish store keepers on the cheapstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial, and cou demred. ,....?.- When Greeba awoke next morning, ? after a restless night, while tho town still lay aBl-jop) and only the croak of the ravens from tho ? rooks above the ficrd broke the ailoncB of the lato dawn, she heard tho hollow tread of many foot steps on the frozen snow of tboThingvaila road, and peering out through the window, which wub coated with hoarfrost, sho saw a moleii choly procession. Three men, sparsely olad in tbin tunics, snow stockings and akin caps, walked heavily in filOj chained together hand to hand and leg to leg, with four armed winders, closely muffled to tho ears, riding leisurely beside them. Thoy wjre prnonorB hound for tin sulphur mines under Hekla. Ttio first of them was Juaon, and ho swung nlc&g; with his long stride and his shorn head thrown back and his pallid face hold up. Tho other two wro old ThoraBen and youug Polvesen, the Danish storekeepers. It was inoro than Greeba could boar to look upon that sight,' for, it brought b.ick tha memory of (hat other 'sight on that other morn iDg, when Jason camo leaping down to her from the mountains, over gorao and cushag and hedge and ditch. So she turned her hoad away and covered her eyes with her hands. Aud then one — two— three — four — the heavy footsteps went on over the snow. The next thing sho know was that hor Eng lish maid was in her bedroom, saying, 'Home etrongers in the kitchen aro asking for you. Thoy aro Englishmen', and have just come ashore, flnd they call themselves your brothers.' (To be continued.) 