WARRNAMBOOL. \- (fbom ods own cobbespotrdent.) Dec. 9. The summer horticultural show of the VHliere and Heytesbnry - Agricnltnral As sociation was held iu the Orderly Room on Thursday. It was a most brilliant affair. The entries in the several sections were verv numerous, more so than for many years, and the collection of flowers and animals never looked brighter and more lovely. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the lovely creations in the floral design section. The infinitude of pains and the artistic know ledge, natural or acquired, bestowed upon them by the fair sex, call forth unqualified admiration. Veritable things of beanty, bnt alas ! not joys for ever, they shone forth in the brilliantly- lighted room with dazzling variance, charming the senses both of sight and smell.' And the fair sex in their light summer habiliments were an added charm to , the idyt ensemble. There was a marked change from most . shows, in that nearly all the exhibitors had grown their own plants and flowers. The custom has been to' get flowers from the metropolitan florists, or go begging around locally to make np a pair -era collection ; but this practice was left to 'the Chinamen on this occasion exclusively. John regularly - liuytj bis latisgo, nanti- 'flowers, and so forth, from an amateur gardener, who can beat creation at raising vegetables, sad so good a judge is John when purchasing that he rarely leaves the amateur any specimens to show against him. It is almost wonderful what variety of shape and, colour appears in the cat flowers and annuals. "One rarely meets amongst the gay OoUeetiou with the old fashioned flowers that used to grow In the old-fashioned gardens of onr old-uslnonsd grandmothers. But when We do; they immediately raise the memories of tirepast, like the ghosts that Jerome teUa asoFre hia charming "Idle Thoughts "r — "Ghosts! They are with as night .and day ..They . walk beside as in the busy : streetiahder the glare of the sun. They sit. bynBin the twilight athome. We see their little faces Ihokiog'frdm the windows of the old . schoqlhouse. . We " meet them in the woods and' lands, where we ahonted and played as. boys. Hark ! cannot, yon. hear , their .low laughter from, .behind the black berry bathes, and their 'distent hoons alone; the glassy glades 3. . . Ghosts ! thBy are id ways with na, and always will be, while the ead old world keqw echoing to the sob of the 'long good-byes, . while the cruel ships sail away across -fhegreat seaa, and the cola, green earth lies heavy on'the hearts of those we fever" I know nothiog tbat more qnickly leofijatestip these cherished phantoms of the , past that the-sight df sweet -daffodils the jdalnty sno wdrop or the rnde fragrance of jthe almost neglected wallflower. Some 'of "these old friends in a new garb were met pith, sufficing to send me peering down the long dark vista of the'past, notwithstanding the glare of the gaslight, the blare of the . merry cornet and all the surrounding loveliness of fair women and sweet fiosrrats. ' ' A pleasant Incident of the week nmirot- . SBrtaoa/4jtte«MainQoity wa8 a visit ir nbersof the4iew.,howliDg <dob to x-iew the poBseeaions of the kindred club of Fort Fairy. -oThe boFvling green of the sister teiro was highly extolled. The visitors —doubtless permitted by courtesy— Boored a narro w ' vic tory over, tbdr opponents, returning home highly delighted yijth. thejr pengrinations westward. ' Before parting, a cordial inter change of courtesies took , piece-. - I really think the good did genial guns' of bowls is going to revive relations of a most amicable Md jtetiveen tiie resider teAf the two. po'rti. -Ailtojinbte.-it he.- ..." ' ' It eeems'the department have been pokiog np the wrong people over the jetty railway line extension. . Each request that went from Warrnamhool1;' for the port line to be immediately finished was duly handed over to Messrs.,B)6dmfield Bros.; ..As a .matter of feet these worthy cohtfactdra have" finished the pbrtliaebat of head., ; VVhat ja required poyr lttaAdrnftdf tansks.bemg. taken onto ree jetiy. - JTSus is what tiie department .potjnnndtesteiid, anileo we are likely toibe thnowu into Jhe produce season before hoyddteration istaade:in-tile most onsatis: faetury mchhodiofscarTyhig bnbnsinesswith the port. .. As ther railway authorities ripset bur busfofeESfoLns, the least they can do is to milte'some 'Amends for .the. damage fo- Ricted. . It Itidks as thongh "nothing is& be Sehffl'She current rootraS"fofihtihaAao<l the Ihfeifi bwtinrijroaryv i -By' that tjtBlSSSSSl ieiilikslynis'shyfryshre.mrtewii thVhtoutfd- Camper' miguesra at me .euoiiee irarE on 5RMto®t»-V,Kimfiof whom were visitnra from : elemchts for Imparting the fnhdamenta printuples of Leander's art. . . .. ' A calico' ball for the hospital is the next sensation. The success of that , one at the Grange recently has imbaed our eitizene with the idea thnt we migbYdo likewise, and en joy ourselves " whilst aiding _ a most deserving ' charity. The 'Hospital com mittee took the matter np . cheerfully - on '" Friday, though they usually view these affairs with a certain amount of suspicion. However . tiie offer of Major Helpman to give the Orderly Room and the services of tiie garrison band free of charge was one that conld not be resisted, and so the affair is in trim. 