Echoes and Opinions. SOME gentlemen-who should know better-were, we understand, exceedingly lavish in their con- demnation of our recent reference in this column to what was called the " Great National Fair pro- ject." It will be remembered that in that refer- ence we advised caution on the part of too suscep- tible, benevolently-disposed persons, for the reason that the project as it appeared before us was surrounded by several suspicious circumstances. Our friends who are so ready at condemning what appears in a newspaper, if it does not entirely co- incide with their views, will perhaps not be pleased to learn that our paragraph appears to have con- tributed in a large degree to the unmasking of what promised to be a huge " get at the people" of this and the adjacent colonies, vide an extract from the Daily Telegraph in another column, wherein is disclosed some of the experiences of Mr. A. ALLEN, M.P. for Paddington, in connection with the secretary of the Fair and his unnamed commit- tee. Our censors would do well to take a lesson from this case, and not be so ready in futnre at wagging their tongues against our utterances in good faith and in the public interest. THAT is rather a rough exposure on Mr. HENNIKEE HEATON, reported in the English cablegram. We have had our opinion of the gentleman for many years, commencing with his first visit to Grafton as reporter for the T. and C. Journal on the occa- sion of the visit of the Sydney Rowing Club at our first great regatta. But we never thought he would make himself so ridiculous as is indicated by the exposure incident to Mr. DENNIS' claim being passed under legal process. Just to think that the M.P. for Canterbury (England) in the Conservative interest kept a "ghost"; that all those magnificent speeches delivered on various occasions were those not of HE ATON.but of DENNIS, HENNIKEE being only the mouthpiece-the parrot for the occasion ; and then all those neatly-turned phrases and those strong arguments contained in articles and letters upon the question of Ocean Penny Postage, and with regard to the relics of early colonisation in Australia. These were all DENNIS' too. How are the mighty fallen 1 And fallen too with the additional weight of £600 damages and costs. Men who use other men's brains and general ability would do well to keep the man who supplies the brains well paid up ; otherwise the HENNIKEE collapse may be repeated in other quarters. CUSTOMS duties were first collected ia England in the reign of King ETHELKED. Since then every conceivable device on the one hand has been resorted to for the purpose of augmenting the revenue so raised ; and on the other hand, men have been equally active in resorting to methods for avoiding or evading the payments. Smuggling was at one time almost a profession with a certain class, carried on amidst considerable peril. One hundred years ago in England no fewer than 1425 articles were liable to duty. This, of course, greatly increased the temptation to smuggle. Even in the present day-although smuggling in ita broadest sense ÍB a titling of the past-the evasion of Customs duties is not unfrequently attempted, more for the satisfaction of pointing the State than for any important profit derivable from the transaction, The struggle with regard to Customs duties, how- ever-smuggling or not-is still going on. Ihe Protectionists want more Customs duties ; the single taxers want none. Between the two there is a very wide gulf fixed. Bevenue must be had for the purposes of Government. If the Protec- tionist theory is right, the imposition of sufficiently high rates of duties through the Customs'should stop importation, and consequently stop revenue. In what direction will they then look for revenue 1 To the land. Then they may become unwittingly single taxers. But that time is very remote no doubt. Some persons may ask what will be the use of protecting native industries and encouraging over-production if you have to fall back upon a land tax or excise duties for the purposes of revenue. There is another gulf fixed here which need not trouble the people of to-day so much as how to promote immediate prosperity, and lay the foundation of an ever-increasing national progress. DUKING the recent election contest in this elector- ate some exception was taken to the statement that the principles of Protection were incompatible with those of Land Nationalization. It was argued by some of the prominent members of the local Land Nationalization or Single Tax League, that there was no inconsistency in professing at one and the same time to be a follower of Henry George and a Protectionist. Now, the question is who was right and who should decide Ï As an authority in the matter quite equal, we should think, to any local Land Nationalizer, the Secretary of the Sydney Land Nationalization League may well be accepted. "What does he say ? "I have issn ed a challenge to any Protectionist Land Nationalist to affirm, ' can a Protectionist be a Land Nationalist oh the lines laid down in 'Progress and Poverty?' The contrary will be affirmed by a member of the League.' " He goes on to say : " The League is particularly anxious that a prominent Protectionist should accept the challenge, and bring evidence to show how a reasonable Icing can hy any postibility he a Protectionist and a Land Nationalist of the Henry George type at one and the same time ? As soon as this question is disposed of I propose to issue a challenge on behalf of the League to some prominent advocate of a revenue tariff with which particular form of fiscal inanity a single taxer has about as much sympathy as with Protection itself." We Bhould gather from this that the Sydney Secre- tary's opinion is rather against those expressed by certain members of the local League. Affording another proof of how little principles have tn do with people's votes at election times. The Protec- tionist, the Free-trader and the Single Taxer alike are more frequently guided at the ballot by per- sonal feeling of some kind or other, than they are by those principles which they at other times pro- fess to follow as their guiding star. There is a great deal too much sham, everlasting sham, in the political life, and professed principles of trading politicians in this country. 