NOTES NOW AS» THEN- (BR THE CHIEL.) a I ta.lt of poetry, of politics, or—anything, in short Which, you're aware, is my especial forte." From the "Lancet":—" Following closely on the discussion as to the poisonons ingredient In fly-papers, we have the announcement in Swiss journals that a series of bank notes recently issued by the Confederation, and printed in green colors, have induced in the officials who manipulated them the wellknown symptoms of irritant poisioning. The matter is under investigation, bat, meanwhile, those of oar compatriots who are still in Switzerland should know that the notes in question are fifty-franc pieces." Qaeer staff those Swiss bank clerks must be made of. The manipulation of bank notes seems to have no tendency to engender irritation among oar own coded darlings—quite the reverse. The difficulties thrown in the way of successful manipulations by stony-hearted managers and directors seem to constitute a far more valid grievance. The shareholders of a bank not unfrequentiy display the well-known symptoms of irritation when their notes have been manipulated with more than ordinary success. I hope the Swiss Government will suspend its investigation in order to give private enterprise a show. If they consign a ship-load of their poisonons " flimsies" to me, I will undertake, without charge, a series of experiments in the direction of testing their economical properties. I want no remuneration. I am animated by a pure and single-hearted devotion to the cause of science, and sball feel amply rewarded should I succeed in throwing a little, be it ever so little, additional light into the mysterious regions of toxicology. Talking of toxicology reminds me of a little "par." concerning what might be called " toxo'ogy," which I came across in the same copy of the " Lancet, 1 ' and from which I leaan that the practicc, so prevalent at this season, of imbibiu iced drinks is fraught with insidnous and deadly perils. It appears that the celebrated American marksman, Mr Ira Paine, lately died from the effects of drinking two glasses of iced beer. Ah, well, there is another of oar most fondly cherished illusions gone, dissipated by the too searching light of science. When I was a boy, before those eminent savants, Messieurs Pastear and Koch, had began to astonish and terrify people with their ginesome germ theories, it was considered possible for a man to breathe air, drink water, eat food, and yet live. We know better than that now, however. We know that a man can't do these things and survive. Of course some obstinate and wrongheaded people will persist in living to a green old age, bat that is because they don't know any better, and, anyway, the microbe catches them at last. Even Methuselah, who was a man with a constitution of iron, didn't live more than a thousand years, and there's no | reason to suppose he would hare consented to live at all if he had known anything abont germs. We, however, standing in the light of 19th century civilization, are aware of the folly of doing any of the things above mentioned. We know that the atmosphere is swarming with ferocious bacteria, that the waters are inhabited by tribes of bloody-minded microbes, and that tlie food we eat is the residence of countless germs, whose hearts are filled with envy, malice, and all nncharitableness. We know that all these terrible beasts of prey simply revel in boiling water and come forth from the glowing oven like giants refreshed, exulting in the con- viction that their hour of triumph is approaching, when they will have invaded the territory of their enemy, man, advanced Jar into his interior, and laid waste his vital organs. More particularly have the dangers of drinking water been recognised by oar Victorian people, unless qualified by a "dash" of some less obnoxious element. Colonial beer is generally looked upon as the most deadly enemy of the microbe, and the statement that anything bat good can come oat of the foaming tankard will be a paralysing blow to many worthy folks who think "water too dangerous to drink, and especially now that the season of iced drinks is upon us. "'Tis not that they love beer less, but iced beer more." The "Lancet," with a truly scientific indifference to human misery, is pitilessly clear on the paint. It says that "it is distinctly advisable to avoid the application: of undue chill to the gastric mucous membrane," and, as if to inflict a still more exqatsite pang, warns us that the " vascular gastric tone may be lowered, and a dull anaemia produced, followed by local congestion," should a large amount of ice be taken suddenly in beer. Weil, I don't know much •about the amount, but E do know that when it is.taken in beer it is taken mighty suddenly. It is always taken as sudden as they make it dost capture the first otazen you see, say unto him, "Wot's yours. old boss,** and a guinea to a gooseberry. that you'll know something about bow iced beer is taken. You won't know that he started to take it when you'll see him pat down his empty pint and look round with a sort of yeaniing look, as much as to say, " It wasn't bad, hut I guess it is almost time for another." ' lEes, you may confidently assume that iced t»eer is taken in a. little less than |f liot sooner, and I don't .reckon girisatefecl lightning would have a ghost of a show off the same scratch. One ot the 'leader-writers of the "Age 1 j& a fellow of infinite .jest. His articles show a rich outcrop of uiiscellaoeous quotation, but he appears to ihink, with -Jacques, that" motley Ls the only wear." Bat the cap and bells should not always lie in evidence," and uiotley does not look veil at a funeral or in a cemetery, Jteverence is a quality not entirely «xtinct as yet, ,and the manner in which this licensed jester deals with. certain subjects & abhorrent to goad fueling and right principles. LastVeek he touched npon the snbjeofc^of the 'dang&s; of fearing a bnmd^rbund within the borders of a large city like Melbourne, and a more repulsive farrago of witless ] R ribaldry and practical common-sense it G was never my lot to read in the columns of a respectable journal. For instance, he says in one place that to allow the cemetery to remain where it is is to " ignore the dictates of sense, or rather of scents !" Pleasant sort of a pun, isn't it. Again, be speaks of the " live meat market established on the site of the old dead meat market where the pioneers of the colony rest." What an agreeable juxta-position of ideas! What subtle refinement of wit is displayed in the appellation bestowed on the old cemetery, where many good and true men and women, "after life's fitful fever, sleep well." But enough of this gliastly merriment, this charael-horcse hilarity It is not a pleasant subject. 