BROKEN HILL BOXlHO. DOCKRELL V. STKWAHT. FgOtf OCR OWV CoiRBKKDbX DockxtOL dCribed » c&ampon; pj»v wright cffBMlarat, smdretook Stemrt oat i- rW>» Slat Ja at. Th. atMT» of.»; was ifltosen aa the twtw proaua, iuiu o'doclc a to .prinkiW ton.«i up to M® the aiSL SETX rcl'ri " wdenx. and Fntor BaUoil tlui.iee|r.Mab« toafad mttn DockwII, S"" seconded Stewart, who la, I Adelaide boxer. That both men did their U-vel bevt, and fought all the? haps, tbe bet thing I ran eay d th" fignt. Dodcrelleeeined tohAVeboideaof Uiegaine.ana itiahed in at bis opumest, swung bis arms tike A windmill, without appearing to know where he «n hittinR. So nldlv, indeed, were In. blow, aimed thet « ronndarnier intended for SunMrtWtUiedtert of » br-taodw, and be didn't want to tee any mot. of thefigbt. in fact, ao far from koock'iur his man out, tie had a good show of getting koocked out himself. Stewart, though bug wy uff bring a top sawyer at the game, stood his ground against die bull-headed rushes of his opponent, Sttfl succeeded in knocking tho Ballarac Sloggrr off hia pios two or three times ; and liad lm been in any kind of condition roust have knocked httn clean out albgtbtT. However, both men went all they knew, and did their best to keep faith with tbe public, wiucn is something now-o-days. Jack ilrahaint who was present, in speaking to tbe croud, who were somewhat impatient at the want of science dismayed, 'wittily remarked, "Gentlemen, if there aint muchs kill, thereB plenty g«>oa w-iiL Peter Bolahd offered to knock wittier ol these gladintors out ineight rounds, for a stake, in a week's lime, but nothing eau&foctsry; catnc of it. , , The following amusing account is taken iroro the hicsl journal : — „ Hound I— DockrelK having gathered biinseli together «o as to look as much like a wooden image of a decayed mummy a possible, railed in to look for gore. He sighted Stewart at loug range, and rufihed ; toe other fellow jabbed his left hand un his nose and danced away smiling. Dockren Eut up his glove to see if his u&a;&l; organ was leading, and, finding it was not, decided to continue the battle. He made a fuuny looking circular sweep with his right hand, and, as liis opponent was too far to be bit, be fell through the ropes. This effort would have been dangerous to Stewart if he liad not been at the other end of the ting.) Dockrell, did not take his lOsec on tlie floor, but got up recklessly, aud the other fellow ogrtin hit the most prominent pot tion of hia face. Thtm there wub a wild rally, and four arms were going like the leg of racehorses coming down the straight. But no blood came, no hair flew, aud the doctor was njt called on the tagc. Hound 2— Stewerttook a di-cid-ri lead, and got all oVf-r his man, but hi blow had no power. Some cruel fellow in the audience offered to lend him a feeding buttle to train on. At this Dockrell got mad, took a hied eye view of Stewart, shut his eye?, and sailed in— and misled. He, however, succeeded i" knocking two of the Fpvctators off the stage chairs. He didn't rrem to mind, so loujj na lie hit some one. Round 3— Dockrell came up smiling. Stewart stood tapping th- floor with his shoe. Dockrell mode his phenomenal tush with his usual success, aud went ploughing along the floor on his head and elbows. (Stewart claimed first knock down, which was granted amidst the uiniost enthusiasm). Dockrell got home a good hard tlmnip on the back and looked rouud for applause. Stewart capered up w him and gave hiin three (amosiic pokes in the face and epigstriutn. Then Stewart seemed to griu confideuoe, and fought really wt-li, sinotherirg tliu ' fierce' one " coinpletelj. Hound 4— All the firet part Stewart was making a clioppuig-block of the other fellow, whot-e nose nearly began to bleed ; Imt he got t »o close, and Dockiell's inighty rieht came sweeping round, eticiicling liis neck like a cravat, and choking him silly. Atundrally on tlie ropes, and bjtli inen fnught as furiously n« a couple of aged rollers with spurs cut. Time was called. Round 5— Stewart seemed quite used up. Dockrell gathered himself together, then swooped down upon him, and let go boil) hands. So fierce woe the on«ol that, if lie liud hit Stewart, 1 don't think fie would have stopped going yet. But he didn't. He fell through tbe ropes, knocked up against a spectator, who cannoned against a table, which, in turn, collided wuh a policeman and knocked him aginst the wall. Dockrell, however, got into the ring again, nod made several more cyclonic rushes, which seemed to pteasa the audience immensely. Some of t.liem were heard to express u desire to have a ben-roost or a vegetable gaiden handy. Rounds 6, 7 md ft were equally fierce, bli>»d- thirsty and scientific, and will live in the memory of all whn rw thiu fought— thev will live when the nnme of Sullivan, Savon and Slavm shall have passed into oblivion. Stew-art won ! At the Athletic Monday night. 24lh June, Mnyber. of Adelaide, and Morgan, a tecal man, roc to settle an eight-round match for L10 aside and 75 per cent of the gjte. Mr A Hales again acted as referee, and Mr Aid- ridge — familiarly known as "Teddy Aldriage,' a popularsport here— -held the watch, Mavbvr had the services of Owen Sullivan.whilc Ivter Boland attended to tlir wants of tlie local inan. A good co was cmifideutly expectref.snd imicli excitement prevailed amongst the miners owing to tl»> fact that Morgan follows that occupation. He had a reputation here as a good clever linger und a game fighter, while Maybrr cams from Adelaide with u got.d record. At 9 o'clock shuru time was called, and principals and second sliook liandh. The fight is soon dphcribed. After epomng fur a few ironii'iits Morgan led out with tlie left, and g,>t Imnie lightly ou tlie shoulder. Sparring for a oiomcnt, a swinging right-hander in the ribs from Maybcr doubled him up, and a chop on the iaw with the Irit brought him doyn heavily. He managed to stagger to his feet, nnd Muybar gcner«!Ubly refrained Irom pushing iiie advsntagf. However, the crowd came to ere a knock out and they would have it, and the local man had to gn down again from a left-hander ou the jaw. Morgan staggered te his corner, where l'cier Bolund did his lui to gi-l him round. But it was evident to every one that he hadn't a ghost of a thow. The second round wa cruel to look at. Morgsr, vss knocked down two or thrde tinier. Two ofhis brother tried to pi-reu&d1; Itirnt.) turn it up; but X'vter Boland insisted on them hav ing the ring. WLilc this aiguiii<-ut wo going on corners were called. At the call of time Morgan tottered frobly across the ring and attempted to fight, but caine dowu flat on Ins back from a lift- lioiifl visitation. He iiisnaged to stogtrer to the front ot the stage, and sain, " Ge ntlemen, tliif inau is too good for me ; I'll hnve to give bun beet,1 Maybef, though n light-weiglit (about 10 e-t), i6 tall and wirv. lie bits really wfll with both bauds and is quick <>n hi h<gR. Ue will give a good account of himself with any man of Ins weight that can be found ; but if he will take a word of advice he will do les talking. Nothing detracts so inuch iixmi th re|Hitation of an ntidetc as a disposition to "dim" his eloquence. Before an audience a moaeet dementior will always gain liuu inuro frieuds. A novel horse nc took place here on the 21bt Juue b»-twtn Mr White' Silver Qureii and a Ftathm lioire. The match wnn for L5 a ride ; ca'cti weights ; distance. 300 yds. The station Neddy got away a length and a half before ho inure g»t grine, but she quickly overhauled him, and just peppered hiin on the post by a no«e. There i a race meeting ad - vnrtisrd for Thursday at Accacia Dam. l do not think it will he of much importance. I am going up to Wjlcanma, and will scud you particular «. 