MISS YON' OF EYONf COURT. BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author- of " Patty," " At the Red Glove,' " In the Sweet Springtime," Ac. All Rights Reserved. . CHAPTER N.— (Continued.! "That is not my fault I spoke kindly, as a mother might have douc, and you forgot yoursolf : — you behaved like a poor uututored village child. I will give you .time. It is possible that Mii Brown can plead for himself better than through me ; but, Marjoric, unlest you consent to oboy mo I prefer that you should keep in doors. I do not confine you to yonr room, but X forbid you to leave tho house. Now you had better go away." Mavjovie looked defiant. " I have to ask you," she said, " why yon put me in that barred room. I cannot sleep there. I lay.' awake all last night. It is like a prison." Miss Eyon smiled. 44 It was a prison years ago,'.' she said. "I dare say you are curious to know how a room came to be barred in such a house as this. I will tell you, Moro than a hundred years ago there was a girl in this house whose reason left her. Her father was a foolish, foud old man, aud be kept the mutter secret lost his child should bo taken away from him. Ho caused bars to bo placed to tbo windows of that room, 'and the walls have a casing of wool behind the plaster to .dcadeu sound. You might cry till you were tired, Marjorie, and no : one could hear you," she said, with a sneer. a But," sho went on more quickly, for Marjoric's scared face troubled her, and made her wish to bo rid of the girl's presence, " tho foolish father forgot to giro his daughter a keeper. Gnc morning he found her hanging to the window bars by a silk ribbon halter she had kuottcd round her throat. Go, girl, go 1 Why do you stand staring at me ? Ah !" Miss Eyou got up from her chair, for Mar jorie stretched: out her band, caught wildly at the air, aud fell on thu floor near her aunt's tabic. CHAPTER XI.— Another- Meeting in tre Library. When Marjorio opened her eyes sho was alone in her aunt's study. . fcomcouehad tried to revive her ; her face was wet with "eau-de-Cologne ; a cushion had been placed beneath her head and a shawl had been thrown over her. She got up ; sho was not Unit, but she felt giddy and stupefied ; she looked ronnd her with a feeling of surprise. Her aunt's empty chair brought back memory, the horror she had fell at the unhappy girl's story revived. Shu went slowly out or the study and along the passage to her former room. The door was locked, a Hannah had saiiu Marjorio went into the gallery beyond. The door ot tbe barred room stoo(l open. It was a relief to hear someone singing withiu ; a maid was on- her knees before the grate, tnuging while she brushed the bars. But Marjoiio's eyes went at once to the window and she shivered at the remembrance of her aunt's legend. The light shone in broadly now, but how would it be when tho room was filled with shadow's, or, worse; still, if she. hap pened to wako iu tbe darkness. Sbc was im patient, however, for the maid's departure. She felt t'uat nothing could he worse thau to remain at Eyon Court, and she must think how sho could get away. Marjorie'a disordered hair and ghastly paleness hod excited the maid's curiosity; but the young lady seated herself with her back to thu fireplace, and a3 there . was nothing to be goinedr by staying the maid gathered up her brushes aud departed. Marjorie bathed her aching forehead and hcr eyes with cold water until the pain lessened and she was able to think without effort. She asked herself if it would be possible 10 marry Mr. Brown, and then last night's talk came back and she understood the meatfing of his words. The shock of finding herself installed in this hateful rooru had banished theui, but they now came back dearly. Maijriago -with bim was 41 the easy way." Mr. Brc/wn had been hinted at, and ho bad looked rci.y earnest and truthful when ho followed herroutside and asked her to trust him. ' " I will trust him," she said. A sudden fccl- iuig of' confidence suggested that if he loved her he could not bo cruel or urge her against her will. Yes, she would trust him : sho would toll him about Miss Eyon's harshness, /and she would usk him to take her back to / Mr. Locker. The difficulty was to sec him privately, now that her aunt had forbidden her to leave tbe house. It suddenly occurred to Marjorie that her aunt might not yet have given any ordero to prevent her from doing this, and she at once put ou her but and cloak. It would be better, she thought, to seek the Yicar's protection before she appealed to Mr. Brown. If she failed with the Vicar, she could still apply to him. Sho went bravely along tho gallery, lighted by palo ground glass windows, and through her-own passage, till she came out faciug' the study door. Her heart beat quickly. It Ifauituh should come out of her auut's'room whut should .she do, for she expected the old servant would stop her. " She knows everything," tho girl said. She went on safely till she reached tho stairs that led down into "the hall. As sho came down them Bar- bara appeared from a door leading to the pantry. She looked hard nt Marjorie, and stood wait ing till the girl had walked across to tho en trance door. a If you please, ma'am, t'raistress's orders are for you not to go outside ; Miss Eyou licv said so to meiherself." Marjoric looked at tho door and then at the maid, but she felt that she was no match for the broad, sturdy woman ; besides, she could not wrangle with Barbara. She walked to the window and looked out. The snow was loosen ing from tho trees, and soma of thorn had re covered their upright position. Mnrjorie had never felt eo angry. While sho stood trying to culm hcrsolf she saw someone coming up tho drive. Sho fancied it was Mr. Brown. But just as the figure camo near enough for her to see that It was Mr. Brown, he turned abruptly into a sido path leading round to the Btublcs. Marjorio weut upstairs, again diaappoiuted, but determined now to appeal to : bim for help. Ho .was plainly the only refuge she had from her aunt's tyranny. A secret fear had come to tho girl tbat as Miss Evon had been capable of locking one door she might find her way to tho b irred 'room and imprison her there. Marjorio went into tho parlor. Sho put hor hat and cloak iu a corner uud tried to read. But her Ijoaduchc had come Uack and sho felt altogether unhinged. Tho two 8 tout maids came in aud laid the /table for luncheon, aud presently they brought it in. » "Ah was to say, ma'am, if you please," said Stolid-faced Barbara, "that Miss Eyon takea Suwcheou ia t' study and Mr. Brownftls not in t' ' house." i "Do vou mean," Marjorio said, in sudden terror, "'that Mr. Brown baa gone away ?" " Yes," ma'am." Marjorie thought that after this the woman hurriad over her work as if she feared to bo questioned further. Sho wondered whether Mr. Brown was in tbo house. Barbara might not know that ho was there. It was possible that her aunt suspected hor intention of ap pealing to him and had taken measures to keep them apart. Marjorie still felt fniut and giddy, as If she had been ill ; but as she ate aud drank ebo revived a littlo ; sho began ugaiu to think over a means of escape. Supposing that Mr. Brown consented to help her, sno was glad to feci that sho need ouly adopt auy plan ho might suggest. She had plenty) of iiionov to pay tbe expense of her journoy to Mrs. Locker's ; but shedid aot know how to accomplish such a journey. Mrs. Locker had takon her part of thu way, and tboy bad slept at York, Marjorio had, made tlio jour ney thence to Eyon Court iu a post-chaiao, aud she could not hope to find such u vehicle iu Wenburn. Hopo is strong in a young heart, and Marjorie had a buoyant nature. She knew that Bhe could not be married against her will ;but if her aunt were to lock her. up in that terrible rooui she asked heraolf whether she might nob bo brought to consent; at this thought her fears counselled her to yield while there was time to do so with dignity. After all, she did not dislike Mr. Brown, and toe hud been very kind to -her. Sho fell aaleepp at last over the firo. thoroughly a worn out, -Sho roused suddenly, Romeoue seemed to boj speaking to her. , She opened her eyes, aria.' she started. She was alone, but it wa -dark. Candies had been brought'in while she/slept, aud. it seemed to her that a "tall grey figure was vanishing into the wall hesido her auut'tf door. Marjorie jurapcd'ftP, stretched out her arms, and then she rubbed, hur eye. Hud sho seen a ghost, she wondered, or had her aunt come to watch her while she slept. RgThe dressing bell rang as sho left tho room. On her waw she met Huuuah, and the woman turned nnd-.-folloWed her. " I really? don't want you, Hannah," tho girl said ; 14 I/can manage by myself." HuiinftUjfoUowed as it she had not heard. When sho 'bud closed the bedroom door sho said : 41 Ah licv something particular to say, ma'am, and iticunnot bo spokou iu a parage. Donnut you v;cx Mr. Brown, Miss Marjorie ; ho is master hero, /an' anybody that geta his ill-word is safe to sr/it'er for it. Keop you well with Mr. Brown ma'am, and you'll go safe to Vend. Huunuh spoke with moro fouling than usual, but; sho looked so atifl: aud solemn, that Mar-' javie laughed. (To be Continued.) 