?i- ? ? SOME ONE ELSE,' ^ '-(A STORY BY B° M. CHOKER.) , CHAPTER XXII. .. . BURMESE GHOST STORIES. 'THIS story was told iuq by n settlement officer,' said Miles, laying down his cup nnd ?saucer. 'You don't know what ho is, but it is of no consequence ; and he declared in the most solemn manner that he had it from the old priest's lips.' End of introduction. 'This settlement oflicer had business up the Salween. The Salween is a largo river south of the Irrawaddy, very broad and very long, flowing smoothly between picturesquo banks, covered ?with trees and jungle, with here and there a temple, or a town — ' ' We don't want a lesson in geography, wo want a ghost story,' interrupted Connie im patiently. 'I'% coming to that. If you interrupt again you know tho consequences 1 This settlement officer hired a boat, a three-ton boat, to make the voyage up the river ; you travel in the boat all day, and if possible anchor or land at night. This particular ? evening ho stopped at a place where the Salween made an immense bend, and this bend was the site of a village, surrounded by \-- fruit gardens and patches of bananas, and bamboos. He strolled out on the sandy flat shore before sunset, with his gun over his shoulder, and had the luck to surprise and shoot an alligator. There was great rejoicing thereupon among the Burmans. The carcase ?was duly dissected j and inside it were found many indigestible articles, such as stones, old iron; but notably a woman's broad gold bangle, engraved with quaint characters.'' Here Miles paused, and there was a hitch ing of chairs, which- manifested that the public interest, was becoming aroused. . ' Next morning, the officer paid a visit to ? a very learned and celebrated old Buddhist priest j and ere leaving happened quite casu ally to mention that he had shot the alli gator, and produced the bangle, which the old Poungyee took in his withered hand, and turned* it over carefully and, recognizing it, became very much troubled and shaken. 'There is evidently some story about it,'.'' said the officer, ' and you know it.' ??':'The priest admitted that he did, and after some hesitation related the history of the bangle, which was as follows : — Many years previously the priest had a very pretty niece, who, when she grew up, married a well-to-do young man in the wood trade, and had one child— a girl. Shortly after its birth, the mother was perpetually haunted by a dream, always invariably the same: at last it had such an effect upon her mind that she went and told her uncle the priest. She related that she dreamt she was in a canoe, going quickly down the river, and whenever she came to a certain sandy flat, about a mile below the village, something horrible, but unknown, came out of the water, and she ?remembered no more ; but she always awoke trembling all over. 'Be advised, my 'daughter,' said the Pungyee gravely, 'accept ttie r warning ; avoid that sandy flat as long as you live, or evil will befall you.' And she .prudently acted on his advice for years and years. In courBe of time her daughter grew up, and was one of the most beautiful girls in that part of tho world, and beset by crowds of would-be suitors ; but the only one of them which pleased her fancy was a young ''boatman called Moung Jo, and according to 'Burmese etiquette she intimated to an old woman that Moung Jo might ' come and talk to her.' The talking is this : Burmese houses ' are. raised on piles of wood 12 feet high ; the lady sits upstairs, the man below, and, thus they converse. She must on no account show herself, or look over the balcony — that would be very improper ; nor must she sit above his head— that would be unlucky. Her father and mother, though not present, are within * earshot, and hear every word.' ' 'How ridiculous!'' interrupted Gussie, in a tone of indignant contempt. ' Moung Jo accordingly came in his best 'putsoe, and his most gaudy silk handkerchiefs and; squat ted under the house every evening ; and ' Mar Shay Thaw,' or 'she of the golden tooth,' sat above, powdered and jewelled, and in all her Sunday finery ; and they held sweet con verse together. Arid the other suitors, hav seen MoUDg Jo talking to the young lady's old woman, and giving her betel nut, con cluded it was 'no go' for tliem, and sheered Off. Mr. and Mrs. Moung Jee, the girl's parents, gave their formal consent; for Moung Jo had so muoh money saved, so many boats, and his affairs were all on the square. But he did not wish to be married at once ; he had a good contract up the river !'he!must carry out first, taking, narpie to the ^Shan. country.' u .' And pray -what is narpie ?' asked Connie. ' A delicate decoction of putrefied fish, madam, and considerd a most delicious dainty ! And when! he had carried out this business, Moung Jo would come back, marry, and settle. To this the old people agreed ; so he and ?Golden Tooth' were betrothed, ?' and ho departed with his narpie, very low in his mind, leaving his youpg lady shedding tears , enough . to swamp his boat. After a short time an epidemic broke out 'in the village where Moung Jees lived, and among the first to bo attacked was Mar Shay Thaw. One night when she was very ill, she started up on her 'mat and sorearaed, 1 Moung Jo, Moung Jo! I have seen Moung Jo,' and fell back dead. Her mother, who came running in, was nearly wild with grief, and ran out of the house in the bright moonlight, like one possessed and beside herself, followed by a servant, and not x 'knowing where she was going — moaning, and screaming, and tearing her hair, and beating her, breast in a frenzied manner — she arrived in time at the saudy flat ; and as she ran wailing up and down an alligator came swiftly out of the water, gave a sudden turn of his i body, there was one smothered cry, and she ?was gone. So Moung Jee lost wife and ; daughter in one night; and shutting up his ' house, departed for one of the largo towns — ' probably Moulmein, intending, when his grief had abated, to enter the priesthood. '.Shortly afterwards, a young Burman pas- : sing the Moung Jees' house, was amazed to hear a great clattering of pots and pans, and \- some one moving above stairs ; so he, after „the manner of his kind, squatted down to - 'await events ! The event shortly arrived, in the shape of a very beautiful young woman, ; who came down .from the house to fetch water. The Burman immediately picked himself up, i and put his best foot foremost,, and begged to , r- ? : — ? ? ? - ? ?? ? ? ? ? bo allowed tho honor of carrying tho water ; and she smiled, and displayed her teeth, and was most agreeable ; and they entered into conversation, and she told him sho had taken this house, and that her people wore coming shortly. Every evening this susceptible young man went nnd sat under her verandah ; find told his friends with ninny nods and hints, that he would not bo-tlio least surprised if the lady becnine Mrs, Moung Baw, ' One very still hot night, when not a breath of air was stirring tho leaves of the bamboos, the wholo village was awoko by a rushing mighty wind ; liko a hurricane it passed back again, and the usual death-like tropical calm was only broken by tho croaking of frogs, and the lapping of tho river. Next morning, the remains of poor Moung Baw were found. He had been strangled, and thero wero black prints of fingers burnt into his neck, nnd an expression of indescribable horror on his distorted countenance. The strango girl was immediately acquainted with tho news, and took it very coolly indeed ; said that, ' sho supposed that it was his fate, and that everyone's fate was written on their forehead.' In a short timo no less than fivo other young Burmans came to the same un timely end, and tlio village was appalled ! Thero' was no clue, and the death had all been from tho same cause — black fingers and stran gulation. _ . (To be continued). 