'$£:-' OE,. &S; :HEiE OFSTEATHSPB7 TOWEHS. ,;-' Jjy Emma Garrison Jones. yVv'- . CHAPTER XLVII ?'. / ' ' I WIIA S«VB TOI1.' ?'? 'I climbed the gory vultures out ? .', And found the trembling dnve wiihin.' v. ... The voice of mother Gwymietli nronsetl ? ?, her from a deep sleep, -lie sl«n of utter V.: '??' exhaustion. Slie started up witli a ilirill ,' : . of terror. Tho pun was shining in nt the little wiudow, and the old woninn was plac :._'.'?? ing the tray containing her breakfast on ?'?;?' the table. le slumlifr late, my lassie, she re mnrkeil, as Maggie sprnnp np. all dressed \- . hb she had thrown bereelf doirn ) ye must ?''.-. s ki'ep had honrs last right; ftee' — pointing to the empty candlestick — ycr candles hum out. 1 like In burn my light all night in this ghostly place, replied Magpie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her dollies or sonic disarrangement about the room shonld betray her ; anil I got rum maging among the dusty old honks, Ion, to |i«B9 away the time— 'tis awfully dull shnrnp in this woy, my rooiI woman. Weel, weel, reppiHideil the old woman, her eyes gleaming wkk.-illy, 'twas yor own stubborn will «s lining ye here ; nliy dinna ye marry the ymma laini at once ? Becitso I was foolish, I dare fay, sni.) Maggie, obeying a smlil™ ilctercniiuilion to pretend slio was being cmquend in order to ward -.ff suspicion ; bnt Lord Aliens sh.rtild hare been jimicnt and not ?Khiskeii me tiff urn! slmt inu -ip like » prisoner. I can't li-rgivi- him. 'Yes, ye run, cnox--,l Mother Gu'vmietli. Why he done it all fur love of ye, and Iw bea'braw ynuna laird :-s nny lassie need be prond to win. Ye'll forsie him an' meet him \vi' a kiss when he gets back from Lunnon, won't ye now ? Mnggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. When does he ( ome 1 she asked. To-morrow, mrbhi-; he thought to lie gone a w.ilc, lint Berkit ctinie last jiielit an' fays hi-'ll be back sooner— so ye limy be lookin' ynr pnttiesl. Come, hero's ycr breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' eat 1 an' don't fret any more ; I shall be busy to day, since the young laird tunies to morrow ? She left the room, Wking it after her, A .d Mflggie beard h*-r go shuffling dmvn the great stairway with the blood-hound whining at her heels. Hn ft, lowed the old creature wherever Elie went. io-morrow ! i.oru Angus coming bbck to-morrow ! Oh, what should she do 1 How should she escape ? She sat for a lone time in deep thonght. There seemed to be uo hope, anil she came tuner decision in silent calmness. If the worst enme she would slip through tlic aperiure, replace tin' sliding jiRiicl, anil li' j ? down in the awful Kliniin somewhere, lielmv ninl DiK. They would never find her for it wns cvidiut they knew nothing of the secret passage. Bnt it wnnlii he a drc-adfnl end to life and her old father mourning orer her loss. Ami the Earl or Strathspey ! At the thought of him she started np. The re membprance of his white fnce and linnpry eyes thrilled her with new hope. Kbe crossed over to the table. The breakfast was Tery tempting on I she wbb weak and | lmngry. She ate one en lie, a little bit of the broiled bacon, and swallotted a month foil of tea ; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer be low. But dare she ,it . tempt to make the descent by daylight? What if some one should enter her room and find the panel open, the secret etair ? . way revealed? Bnt she could not hear to let the earl furnish throughout the long, ioug day. '.'.'? 6he resolved to risk it. Taking the food in her apron as before sne removed the panel and honied down. , : When she reached the vault she was breathless. The Deer, reclininc i n his lied 4~-: ? of Stone, heard her coming and a~ose io ;. meet her, his white fine ci^er i.n.1 untiling. ^?V' . It «cemed an eteruitv since she Jif him. ?! Shesjirrad lii-rhreakniKtlefoie l,im and i in«ited him to partake of it. \- : i Bnt my little frieid. he said, gra.ly, .- .'.J; lii« eyes turning with wistful longing ?! - toward the fuod, in 6|,ite of his will, 1 ?/.-.'?..?'. cannot prolong my life at thecost of yoiirs ?-? ' — yon briug me your food irliile you are. '.''?;'. starving I '', Oh, no, she cried. No, indeed, I have ' eulell some, and I shall have more at noon JL '? — please cat it, and try and got ymir ?.:'??? ?: Bln-ngth; yoii will need it all. And I ? must leave you again thid moment. I will ' . rome again; in the meantime reinoin quid ' an 1 do not despair. ' Tlic darkest hour is jiiRt before dawn. She fled away«R she hail come, wiih : ' noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, and 1 . back toiler prison. The morning wore away. Noon came, anil a hot ^eplcmbcr sun blazed down upon the hoary battlement.' ; (he long, Jong afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at lust, at last the, silent niglit. s Maggie thiew aside the oldvolum ?'?-, : she had been trying in vain to reml, ?;i; »nd went io tho wiudow with a sigh ol Si \V'.i'i3iBf. ?S ^/ ; U'he day bad eeemfd so endless, and ^?;-K iV^iie liad longed lor the night with a vague ifW30i'i& A Sl0l|ndless Tiope, alnSj for there '?^?'^?'^(tyiie'Uot the most remote possibility -of «|ijii5 Yet she longed with feverish im ^:%'vSv*(BtiW)ce for the darkness, and welcomed it lii|iulMana..watched the great white slant, femSepsmgitofi* -wit. M0&^im^:i'^6&%- ' glldQ Ia68ie; ^^J^^^jjonngBVPe^ieiirlwill ue lierclo- ensement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved her supper for the carl, intending to take it down to him by anil by. Slowly the Jicnrs went by, and 6he sat there cinmiinj; her own bear! -beats. !Jhe conlu hi'Ar Ilie fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, she heard thnt for which she hud hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet mile-notes set to the music of the dear old song, ' Tho Campbell's are coming.' Assured now thnt it was intended as a signal to hprself, she arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her hit of candle. Then she made, her way out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Im patience winged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome accent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she reached the tower chamber, and Bhe hurried her cand'e into a sheltered romer lest it chonlri be blown out. Then she tore a strip f'om her apron, iin.il twisting it into a wisp, li* it at tlie liW.'1, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The wind caught it and whirled it nway, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, cimo the dulcet numbers of ' Highland Mary.' Maggie knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred .her he«rt, and a bright bloom snfinscd her waxen cheeks as she gazed down the dizzy distmice. She could see a man's figure crossing (he barren heath below, am! raising tin arm, ever and anon, with a warning ges turr. She wnlchei! the doik, toll fiuure with faseiunb-il eyes. It approached (ho base of the ruins with rapid steps ;''' '' °' she lost sight of it. Still she ili.i not re move her fnsciiiHied goze, bnt continued to lean over ihn stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silenre ! Then, all at one, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. .A nd, womler of wonders, it came, noi from the heath b'low, but from some near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and she drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more! The great owl, ^nrtled from his roost in the ivy, flew nnt w.th a wild cry, and in the alter silence the girl cangbt, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far onl into the night, and she cnujrhl sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escawd her lips. It was iiiKtiintaneiiusly answered. liu quiet, spoke a clem, firm voice, a voice that inspired her with confidence and courage. ; -io nut icir, 1 am coming to help you. Come on ! she responded, still looking out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began 10 shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view — a handsome, blonde lieu , nnd a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing tie dar ing feat of climbing the ' Bonier Watch tower' by ai-! of (.Up Wy vines (hat covered iu He came np cautiously, lint fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now (im'ing n foothold against the rngged uiasoprr. Maggie grew sick and faint ns the watched him, hut he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him in tlie silvery moonlight ; and in another brcnlh he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from hi« great exertion, his cl- se- j filling hniiiing-jackct torn into shreds, bis handsi.me face flushed, his blonde curls nil in a tumble ; yet Maggie kuen- him in tin. instant. He was ihe yunng Blraiuicr who i had .Innii her fmm nm!ei the lu,r.-eV leet tit the ' Lion tnid the Unit''.™,' -md to whom she appealed 'or help when Lord Aliens forced lier uway. Her eyes bright, cued, mid a luvrly color rose to her cheeks. She extended her hand with a shy bin exquisite grace. 1 reii'ciiihcr yon, she ?aiil, simply ; agd you luiu' risked your lilc to o.me to me 1 The yoiiiic ninn bowed, and t.'ok the cold little fingers in his own slmicly llt.U.1. No. nnt quite that, h» replied. 'Twan a closr tliini', I'll admit, 1ml I've a talent for climbing, and the ivy is mroiig nnd safe; my life was in no danger. lint I'm u'lnii yon remember me, he added, with a flushing; glanee, because I've never lorjroUen yt-» for outi single ivonient ; sleeping or waking, your fare has haunted me. I knew y..n were nut mail, .us they nss'rted, nnd I determined to save you. I followed the carriage that bore yon away thnt niplr, and shw yon conveyed into this place ; and finding no other mode of entrance, you see, I ve clioilu-d the gory vulture's nest. And now, what can I do for yon? Help me to escnpe, replied .Maggie, promptly. If I remain till to-morrow, a late worse, than death will lie mine. He considered a moment, his handsome face turned 'toward the vcttiDfr moon. First, tell me, he then replied, how you ever ninnnged to get tin here, if, as f infer, yon .have *-oeii li'eld a prisoner. You surely did not ascend by the secret stairway? Yes, I did, Moggie replied. I dis co fcred it by vhaiice, and ennrnp here attracted by the sound of yonr flute; but I fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed. The young man smiled, showing his. handsome, white teeth. You fancied rightly. I slumbkd upuu it by chiiiice, like yourself, when this old place wan unoccupied nnd I was bore on an investigating .lour ; buj, I can'l w.ctyd-o- ' lieve that i/oti had ilia courage to n'scend it. I did. said Maggie. I would go through the gates of death, I think', to make fny escape. ,.: . - ? He flashed another glance upon ..her from his bright blue eyes. ? ' Come, then, he said; 'we have ho'lime to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred and bolted, and Mother flwynneth and her blood-hound aro playing scntiucl. We must go dowu by the ivy. Maggie started in snrprise, and grew a shade puler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. There's no danger, replied the stranger, encouragingly ; if yon will only trust me, I will save yon. Come ! He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. Now you'll have to cling to me with all yonr strength — here, this way, so that I cun uVe my hands in descending, nnd do not fear ; ymi look like a brave girl. She permitted him to clnsp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal w.irt shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick crv ! Oh, I had forgotten ! she exclaimed ; how utterly selfish I am in my eagerness to save p. -yself. There is another prisoner i in this old castle— a«ny down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Plralhspcy lies I ?lying. We must 6avc him — wou't leave him behind. The yonn.e mnn turned and faced her, a cn-ious expression in bis eyes. What do you say ? he cried ; the Earl of sirnt!if)i»y n prisoner here? Yes — his own son, or the boy rnlhcr, who bus. been reaied as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the dunj'in In die. Providence sent mo down in him, I think, and I saved his lile by sharing my fond with him. And why should this hoy lore his father here, and leave him to die? qmstioned the the stianger, a slight tremor running through bis clear voice. The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, nnd talks of renouncing him, and seeure the earldom. For the space of an instant the yonng m.nn stood silent, a slow flush arising hi his fnir, cletr-cnt face. * . Well, be ejaculated at last, of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Enrl of Straihsiey incarcerated here by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it. It is true, cried Maggie, eagerly; and be will die — he looks like death now — and 1 liuve carri-d him no food since morning. Oh, sir. can'l you help me? O course 1 will — I'll ronse the officers of the law, and ransack (his old ghost nest from top to bottom ? . But every moment is precious, inter posed Masein; the young Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough loo, for I have the proof that ho is no son of the carl. Whai, you have (he proof? Yps — 1 found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flannel uiantle'worn by that poor little hahe that was found, on the l'yrol mountain — the written |-n-of that ? Hist ! cried Ihe young man,, catching at her arm, there's a carriage below — put out yonr candle, quick ! Miig.uii' 'Inrted across to the corner in uhich the candle flickered, and extin sni-i.ed it with a breadth, then she turned to il e window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a cmplc of men was howling up the gravel w»lk. ]n a second iber paused at the preut gate, and one of them leaped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggi' lmd a fair view of tho uiIut us he sm in ihe while moonlight. Oh, heavens! she whispered, her checks p:iling with terror, it is Lord Angus, the euri's son ; we arc lost ? N.iy, replied the stranger, not lost yet. 8ce, ihey have entered— Mother Gwyu nelb's blood-hound bids them welcome. Cine ! ? j He closppil her firmly with one arm and approached the v.ind.nv. Uul the earl ? gasped Magpie, shivering with termr, as she beard tlie tiercebaying I of the beast beluw. i J'll save him, replied the young man, ] quietly'; hut you must be got into a~K»fc j place first. Come— the moments are p're I And elm-pine her once more, he leaped liehtly tliroiij-h ihe window and swung' j himself out. i (To le continued). Kdisnn's agent promises to 6cnd n phonograph out In Australia s.ion, with a mnn in charge ol it. The Queensland Iiailwny Commissioners are allowing a rebate (,f 25 per cent on freight rates from the border districts, in order to prevent the diversion of Queens land traffic into New South Wales. Five somewhat rare birds, described as the mania, cr lolsntn kn, or New Zeiilnnd emu, caught at Kopaka, Stewart's Island, hove been on cxhibitiou at Invercargill during ttie past week. The birds are olive and llni'iiig. Hni.r-RnsTiiAiNT. — Triitii hns been deoliiig viih a dangerous subject lately, and lovely woman asserts herself: — 'I feel bound, honever, to say thai in mylalo remarks upon woman, 1 did her great in justice iu iioi Wincing more framiiiently' into view that wbich is, after all her most' remarkable quality, viz., her niiigiiificcnt1 wlf- restraint. Mere, now, is n piist-cnrd which a lady has sent me : — You wretched coward. Yon ought Io be well kicKcil for': insnliing' women in yonr last (so-called) Truth. What a silly, widens ideal: LitHc beostly hoys votius! ! Wlint a fool you are, to bo sure. Wlml ilm worse'are. we for yonr cowardly insults ? You area liar also; you and Pimiell have paid yonr friend L'igoti, aud have got him safely away.' 