EDITOR'S DRAWER. A little Burlington-stieot girl was told by her mother that there will b« no dogs in heaven. " Oh, yes, mamma, there willie skye terriers, you know," was the reply. j Patronising Old Gentlemon-I wonder whose little boy this is P Símil Boy- There's two ways you could find out. Old Gentleman-How so, my son ? Small Boy- Yon might gueBS or yon might inquire. / Small Boy-Mamma, where does leather come from ? Mamma-It comes from, animals, my son. It is the skin tanned, Small Boy-Mamma, do animals have souls? Mamma- Of course not. Small Boy-Then what paTt does sole leather come from. Young Lady (in one of our city schools), study- ing "Outline study of man")-"0 dear, this theme is just delightful !" Classmate-" And so practical, you see !" H Youugjbut Gifted -Lio I-Time, 11 a.m. Mother-sow, mind, Johnnie, there's a ghost in that dat closet guarding the jam. Johnnie trembleariolently and commences to water at the I mouth. ,Lin II-Time, 2 p.m. Johnnie-Oh, mamma,iic ;host has eaten half tho jam ! Consollio-i- Fond mother (teaching her child the BiblJeFson)-Yes, Gracie, had not Eve eaten the appliwc would never have known Bin or suffer- ing. Aline ! It saddeus me to think of it. Gracie (consolitfly)-Well, never mind, mamma, if Eve hadn't cíen it some other lady would ; so there, don't bead. "Ma,'laid Bobby, in a slightly i- jured tone of voice, *' tore were lots of things you let me do be- fore the Lby came that you don't let rae do now.' " Do youhink so, Bobby ?" " Yes," asserted Bobby " Still," no went on with more philosophy, " I can't exjet you to bo so good a mother with two childrcnis you wore when you only had one." A Cry From the Juvenile Heart.-An 8-year-old boy whee superabundant animal spirits required an occaannl check was looking at some proofs of photogrths of his mother which had just been home, lhere were two views, and the youngster was verjdecided in his preference for ono over the other. [Why do you profer that?" asked his mother/ " Because," said he, " in the other ono you loo! as if you meant it." " WUt are the four great lakes betwcf i"1 -ii' andth|Gulf of Mexico?" asked a Lewiston mother of her/oungOBt and only sou, whose geo¿iaphy sho was coning. " Wator" said the boy. The mother pondqted a moment and then looked at the geo- graphy again and found hersolf in error. Sho should have asked, "Which are the four great lakei," etc. This question repoated, the boy an sweiéd correctly. It's a smart 7-year-old boy whohnows the difference between what and which. He Wasn't an Elocutionist-" TJnc' Jos, yo' read music ?" " No, sah ; I plays it. I hain't no el'cntionary, I hain't ; I's a musickan !" A Little Joke from the French.-Teacher-In which of his battles was Gustavus Adolphus killed ? I Pupil (after reflection)-I think it was tho last one. A Revival Echo-Evnngclist-My dear madam, have you ever experienced religion ? Old Lady Law Bakes, I've had twinges of it. " I am told that I resemblo your wife a good deal." " You do, in one particular, Mr.. Quimby." '" What's that P" " My wife is no gentleman." I A Distinction.-"BarkiuB a literary man? Hugh! Guess not. He's an essayist." " Well, isn't an essayist something of a-ah ! Oh, you mean ho tries. Yes. Have a cigar P" 