THE EDUCATION COMMISSION AND THE SCHOOL BATE. (Continued.) JZervry Edward, Cardinal Archbishop, SOMEBODY has, indeed, thought to dispose of this argument by saying that, by this reasoning, every ratepayer and every taxpayer who beats the public burdens would have a light to demand a grant in aid to maintain a private police, a private Irish administration, and apriv^tearmy, and so on aid infinitum. I am not surprised that those who think such answers to be argument should think the reasons on the other side to be sophisms. The assertion that all who pay should share is based precisely upon the contradiotorv of this statement. We condemn all such sectarian enjoyment of the public m We expressly assert that all such private application of the public revenues is unjust. We assort that the exclusive Enjoyment of the education rate by the board school system alone is a -sectarian application of public money. The : injustice of it consists precisely and expressly in this, that it is a violation of the whole polieyof the Commonwealth. Monopolies, privileges, exemptions, and a& unjust", odious, ancf intolerable. Church rates were abolished because'they were an; universal impost' for, the exclude enjoyment of a section of population. All who bear the public burdens have a right _ to share the publii benefits. The police protects all, the army defends all, the Government manages, or mismanages, as the case may be, our public affairs in behalf of all. It is on this broad and undeniable law of public and political justice that we affirm the right" of all who pay the education t&te; to share in its beneficial distribution. These are not arguments, but lemures and larva, mere ghosts of arguments. We affirm, then, that the enjoyment of the education rtfte by the board school system alone, to the exclusion of all other school systems in the land, iB a revival of sectarian legislation in an aggravated form. It has all the injusti6c of the old church rates without their historical palliation. When the people of England were united in religion the! church rate was time-honoured and just When dissent sprang up a plea of injustice began to arise, and yet all property was transmitted with this ancient liability; and even now it is a minority that is relieved of the church rate, and it is a majority who have lost their inheritance. In the case of the! education rate not one of these palliation^ is to be found. It is a new impost created yesterday; it burdens property hitherto exempt;, it taxes the majority for the exclusive benefit of a minority, of recent creation, a small minority in proportion as one-half to the whole, and in a matter intimately touching duty and conscience. This injustice is all the more flagrant because, in the belief of the great majority of the people of this country, education is essentially a duty both of natural and Christian religion. Parents; are bound by the law of nature, which is the law of God, to educate their children* that is, to rear then? in the knowledge of God. and of. His law. They are bound to teach them the laws and obligations of natural morality, and to train them up in the faithful practice df 'duty to God l and man. ' On this ground the great majorityof the people refuse the board school m? tern. It is by statute essentially seicular^ The moral and, religious teaching ad? mitted into it is permissive and not obligatory. We, believe moral and religious teaching to be necessary in education, and that no instruction without it is education. We, therefore; even on the ground of natural religion, conscientiously refuse the board school systefai: And yetitis' offered to usi, and' we, have to'pay fotf it.' ; . ".;';' ''.'. '..';.; But' the 'case is stronger t^an this, The education of a, Christian people muBt be Christian* and that by teaching and training. Christian children in the Christian doctrine is positive,"and--positive doctrine is denominational; Jind denominational doctrine is prohibjttedih board schools. 1 :'-.'• ''"""/.'• '-..• On 'this^ground also the great njpjorfty of the people refuse t£e board ecEool system. in 'tum. past, mufled. church., rates because the Esfcoblipned Church taught..'doctrines • which l&ey; rejected. We reject the board schooL system becauseit does nofctefcch the doctrines which we conscientibuSly Relieve to be^necessarytb edjibalSoi and fitoejairaable from it. J " EduqSHfti'^ihBiilt Christia'nitjr we'lielieye td be impossible, CMBtian parents. To mak^l^^^ lorits rBfi^ortiMdipEopaitaSion aig^T»nc^;o£oon(cihiiice, 4kPft,to^xclndo " aid in grants and rates is political injustice. It is a strange and sad spectacle to see •Nonconformists, who made the land ring in the other day with their indignation against church rates, come forward now, insisting upon'the education irate for their own exclusive benefit in board schools, which we conscientiously reject. Lastly, it will be said that the board schools are not secular schools. By i obligation 1 df law they are secular, but iby permission and administration they hare admitted the reading of the Bible; iattd some of'theni haVe also an'extensive religious and moral programme of instruction. I have rejoiced in the powerful action of the religious conscience of the people by which the reading of the Bible, and such programmes of religious teaching M the London School Board: has sanctioned, have been introduced into board Schools. The more the better. I am thankful to see this movement' of a higher mind continually advancing. Some years ago I called the board schools secular; and so, in their legal, aspect, they are; but in their voluntary action: they may claim to be religious. I wish I could call them Christian. The British and Foreign Schools read the Bible in the doctrinal sense of the Bible; the board schools read the Bible in any and, every sense except the doctrinal sense of the Bible—Some assure us that all doctrines may be taught, and are taught in them, only, not in a catechism or denominational formulary. The Lord's Prayer and the Ten Commandments are not denominational. Certainly the Apostles' Creed is not denominational, and it came out in evidence before the Royal Commission that there is no law which would exclude the Apostles' Creed from the board schools. Nevertheless, the religion taught in board schools is not positive Christianity. Indefinite Chris'tianity is not Christianity; as indefinite mathematics are not mathematics. Well, then, let us say the board schools are not, merely secular schools; they are, in the sense of the objector, religious schools. If so, then the State is paying public money for religion No," says the objector, "thegrants' and the rates go for the secular instruction." " No," we answer, " they go for sites, buildings, te&cheijs;, management." There is not a brick, nor a book, nor a teacher, nor a Bible, nor a lesson in the four school hours, nor a lesson out of the four school hours, which is not paid for by public money. It is a " obtaining of public money under *false pretences. The grants and rates are for secular education, and a profuse religious instruction, almost but only not Christian, is given by the highly paid teachers of iiie board schools. And yet in the same, breath we are told that the voluntary schools cannot, share the rates because the rates would go to religious teaching; and that by the refined and elevated illustration which has become classioaly that "if you feed a man you feed his leg." A board school is fed body and soul, and all'its limbs, by public money." A voluntary school is not adequately, compensated even, for its secular .fotp hour's by Parliamentary grants. But of this hereafter in its place. It is enough, for the present to say that, if the board schools claim to be religious schools; then voluntary schools cannot in justice be excladed from the rates because they are religious schools. • ' 1 But 431 this is not reasoning; it is trifling. :The whole contention is a transparent veil through which the motive is clearly seen to be animosity against the Established Church, and a resolution to retain the exclusive enjoyment of the rates. Leaving this light matter, let us go on to examine what more can be alleged to justify the exclusion of the voluntary schools from an equal participation in the education rates 1 -equal,;thatt is,not in the amount received, but' in,' the' moral and legal right of p^icjpatipu., The Itoyal Commission lays apwn, that the voluntary schools ought to provide, their- chief maintenance by voluntary 'contributions; They would, therefore* receive s less amount from the local rates -willingly and -contentedly. It w"6uld' be : for the protection of'their freedom of Conscience that they v^tdfl ^willingly J a<scept 4 jsitthller stttosidfj;. , ;""'We will how'go.on to tyejgji idg,fhe weight or j^p&lmee; «C.«nnmi# ^imment. - • • . "The chief and^ mostintelligible argn-< meat to justify the exclusion of voluntary schools ifrom a share in the education ntte is that the-sttprtme' lt^slatttie has {KnVefto attacli condinbhs it-'Sfert! fit to its grants of public money. 1 " 1 Parlift- j ment is indeed^upreinertbnt not un-i limited. "Id potest quod jure potest 'P6rfer ^thojft u^iiqusfic;^1* '.Ttie; legUj^tjiipj.Mu & 'iJpijicTj, bpmid'l^nwral: Jaws as each; several man. Lawsat variance withmoraL rightarelegal but not just. They are morally null and void. The most perilous state of a people is that in which the law is' at variance with justice. '." Summum ju summa injuria." Such legal rights ar moral wrongs against which the con- : science in man and the law of God are alike arrayed. To compel the parents of a Christian people to send their children to schools where no religion ib taught, as in America, or where the Bible is only read without interpretation, or without its true interpretation, or, Still Worse, with erroneous interpretation, and by interpreters untrained and incompetent to interpret, is a violation both of natural and political justice. It is an outrage on the natural rights of parents, and on the religious conscience of :a Christian people. The common school (system- in America is a case in point. If the school rate were given exclusively, to the Established Church, Nonconformists would quickly see the injustice; or if to Catholics only, Protestants would go to we Btake rather than subsidise the Woman of the Seven Hills. But as the rate is exclusively their own, it is in their judgment eternally just. The supreme legislature has no power to make such a law, and the subject is not bound by it. If the voluntary system had not already spread so widely ' England, thereby providing a refuge from the legal compulsion, the Act of 1870 before now would have roused the people of this country to a religious conflict. 2\. And here is an aggravation of this injustice. The education rate is raised by the precept of a minority of the English people, and applied to the schools of that minority, to the ekcliision of the majority, who, nevertheless, are compelled to pay the rate. 3\. The contributions of a population of mixed religion ought in justice to return in benefit not of a part but of the whole mixed population. But if the religious divisions be such that this is impossible, then the State is bound in political justice to be neutral towards all religious divisions or denominations, and to distribute the public revenues and the public rates not upon the basis of religion, in which the population is divided, but upon the basis of secular instruction, upon which alone the population is. united. Laying down this broad and equal law, the school rate ought to be shared by all statutory elementary schools in so far as, and no farther than, they provide the secular instruction required by the State. But the voluntary schools provide amply, and it may truly be said equally, the secular instruction required by the State,, and yef they are excluded from any share in the school rate to which they are, nevertheless, compelled to pay. But it is said that Parliament, in the Act of 1870, has carefully followed this broad principle of neutrality as to religion, inasmuch as it gave no public money for religious teaching, but only and exclusively for the secular instruction. It is on this ground that we claim a share in the rates. Thei State gives no public money to voluntary schools for their religious teaching, but strictly and precisely for their secular instruction. In the eye of the law voluntary schools are as absolutely; secular as board schools. The State takes no cognisances of anything but of the matter taught in the four school.hours. It has excluded all teaching, and all books of religion from those/ four-' hoursit forbids teachers to introduce religion in the four schooL hours; it elaborately directs the inspectors as to the matters of inspection, 1 from which not only is religion excluded, but morality is reduced to punctuality, cleanliness, and order. It is contrary to truth and, to fact to say, as we have already affirmed* that the public money goes to the religious teaching. The Parliamentary grants do not cover at most more than half the cost of the voluntary schools. This does not pay for even the four hours of the secular teaching. The other half— that is, the school, the teacherB, and all eke that ft taught, is paid' for by voluntary contributi6ns. £ Tt inajr bb said—for:, anything may > said—that Parliameiit may establish forms of education as. it sees Jit, and may levy a rate for its; propagation and aupr This also necda limitation. Parit certainly caimot establish any one form of religious education in a people ofi mixed religion nok e&n; : it ' e a Wiirchester measure of compromises and fragmentary doctrines, and impose .it upcm L a people intensely denomin&tfbnal.; . tt is limited by political justice BO'to 'legislato for the' people M t(> r nVe. perfect Jti)b«rty of cbhscioace ^ rifl., atrobitjr of the Penal Laws especially-iii tms poii^. ^j^cenlo^DHSto. of; thisLday ought to beiAincmg tiie '', foreinosti^ condemning, the exclusive eojoyment of ^thB j sohool -rate and the ine^iuilities flowing bom it;" : And so I Iwbave tii?y;w<mld bnt f6r ananimoiity agtmit tile State-' Church, wUdh they denounce as the golden caftrset tip in Dan. But why-should they also set up another in BethptP—¥his conflict taints s and obscures th£"whole diseassion about education. Moreover, many of the leading Nonconformists have become politicians. They are working in line with men who have imported among us the neutral, secular, and lay education' ivhich has wrecked France, and if it could prevail, would wreck Christian England. The sons of the Pilgrinl Fathers have founded the' common schools of the United States which are effacing Christianity; and the sons of the , Free Churches of England, who ot old went to prison and to pillory for religion, are hindering the Christian freedom for which their fathers suffered. . 5. But, once more, it is affirmed that Parliament may justly establish a' system of education which is merely secular; In so doing it would violate no man's conscience in religion. It would exclude all religion, and found itself upon that in which all men agree. Could not the State lawfully compel all its members to learn French, or fortification, or mathematics P Cannot the State impose mili 1 ' taiy service on all men by universal conscription ? Therefore, is not the State justified in obliging all children, to passf through an elementary secular education/ especially as it gives free choice as t<j the schools to which the children may be sent—that is, to the voluntary school or the board schools P Some will ask— May not the State lawfully compel all children to attend a common school system purely secular, and without regard to social inequalities, as in the United States P This is really to ask— Is there any limit to the power of the State over its members P Happily for the civilised world there are now but few men left who deify the State. The atheistical politicians are trying to sweep all recognition of God and His law from the civil life of the commonwealth. But, bo far as they tell us, they would be content with the effacement of God; they do not require a public denial of His existence, nor the abolition of marriage, nor the legal admission of polygamy. But if these laws were proposed by them, would the, State have power to enact them P Is it not absolutely certain that the supreme power of the State is limited by ante-, cedent moral laws; and that its power is sovereign so long as it iB subject to these higher laws? What, then, are these higher and controlling laws which, limit even the supreme power of hufran legislation P In one word, they are the law of nature for all human society, and the Christian law for all Christian commonwealths. The State bas both power and righfc to impose military service by conscription on all its members, because it is founded in the right of self-defence, which by the law of nature is in every man, and in all human society. Whether, and when, and how far, and under what limitations universal military service shall be imposed is a question of need, of expediency, and of legislative wisdom, " Saluspopuli suprema lex." The overthrow of the moral order, and the consequent supremacy of the material order in Europe'at this day, renders conscription inevitable. There, are no armies now in Europe. There are armed nations instead. War> is every man's trade. Self-defence iB a flimsy pretext It does not hide the mbitions, jealousies, andrevenges which re seething belbwi " : (Fo be continued.) A pumpkin-headed weekly published over in Tombstone by a dongh-faoed renegade from Niew'England has (says the AritiHa Either) been poking fun at us for publubing dead ads. We aokSowledge.to Bix ooliimnS; but that's our business. We aet oat to furnish oar subscribers with literacy natter which -they oould comprehend aba' digest, and St. Jacob's Oil add I/fdi* Fmkh4in»a Compound jnat hits 'erhl Besides, we'ate sending Sample copies of the Eiefor tQl oyer the country, and pride oompels us't^ m&e; a'sfcow of advertising. ' Young Bepotter—"Theitorm king htnrled hta tona and tumblings torrents-over thendoa of the' broken and dtannttbered ediftoel" Old Editor—What^a that? What's that? What a<J you' mean, younft ; fsUcWP" Yonng Beporter—"I—Cr—thefloodwaflbed away Patrick M'Dongair* old soap faotbiy." " Anybody that fenOwa a thieg beiore it happens is called a reporter," ; was t&fe;' de- Shitiptf ; on t&e; tfate of sn eight-yesr-dM schoolboy. •'••••"•»: • ! No, "it ia not bard to write fnnny parafgrapba. Mi yonbaive to do irt6 pndor^ a pen; Mine paper and ink; and then M^f dbwiL and-write them asthey oconr tdydn. Kf ft hbt die iritmgi-nM tUj ooiBunin|'t^b IJWDetJBTBDliT the largest Gc&tleitfen;'s'QfifrfittinK fBatafciishineit in Melbourne is llesask. Jjincbm^Stnart ijOoi'a new premise^ Sl^Hlinaea-Btreet-East. Theyjnake np a reskUy cood anitfro^ J? 2B,,, ^^atooko^^^ffl^ag, 