floveUot, The Midnight Prophecy Oil TUB i' HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones, ?CHAPTER LXVII, "l WILL SAVE YOU.'' :"1 olimbccl the gory vulture's noat, , v ^ndfoQntl the trembling dove within," The voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a deop sleep, tho sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. Tho sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman waB placing tho tray containing her breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber Jatc, my lassio," faho re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all drosaed aa aho had thrown herself down ; " yo must a keep had hours last night ; sea " pointod to tho empty candlestick-" yer candles burnt out." '.I like to burn my light all nighfc in this ghostly place," replied Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest tho dust on her olothea or somo disarrange" ment about tho room should betray her; "andlgotto rummaging among tho dusty old books, too, to pass away the time 'tis awfully dull shut un in this wav. niv good woman." "Weel, weel," responded the old woman, her oyea gloaming wickedly, " 'twa3 yer own stubborn will us brung ye here; why diima yo marry the young laird at onco ?" " Beoauao I was foolish, 1 dare say," aaid Maggie, obeying a sudden dotermin auon to pretend she was being conquered ill order to wnrd off suspicion ; " but Lord Angus should have boon patient and not whisked me off and shut mo up liko a prisoner. I can't forgive him." " Yes, yo can," coaxed Mother Gwyu neth. "Why he done it all fur lovo of yo, and he bo a braw young laird as any lassie need bo proud to win. Ye'll for gio him an' meet him wi' a kisa when he gets back from Lunnon, won't yo now ?" Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. When does he come ?" she asltod, 14 To-morrow, mobbe ; ho thought to bo gone a week, but Berkifc came last night ait' aays ho'll be back sooner-ao ye may be loolcin' yer pntticst. Ooom, here's yer ; breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' rtt1-, an' don't fret any more j I shall be busy to-day, aince the young laird cuoms . to-morrow." She loft tho room, looking it after l\er, nud Maggio heard hor go shuffling down the groat stairway with the blood-hound whining nt hor heels. Ho followed the old crontura wherever she went. To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow 1 Oh, what should she do? How should sho escape ? She sat for a long time in deep thought. Thoro aeomod to be no hopo, and she came to hoi* decision in silent o.dmnosa. If the worst camo alio would slip through tho aperturo, replace tho sliding panel, and lio down in the awful gloom aomewhero below and die. Tlioy Would never find hor for it was evident ' they knew nothing of the secret pas sage. But it would bo a dreadful end to life and liar old father mourning OVAP h»v }(>39. And the E ul ot' Strathspey I At thought of him alio started up. Tlio re membrance of his white face aad hungry eyes thrilled her with new hope. Sho crossed over to tho table. Tho breakfast was very tempting und alio was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of tho broilod bacon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea ; the remainder sho reserved for the poor sufferer bolow. But dare ahe attempt to mrke the deacont by daylight 'I What if some ono should enter hor room nnd find tho panol open, the secret stair way revealed ? .But sho could not boar to let tho earl famish throughout tho long, long day. She roaolvod to risk it. Taking the food in her apron aB before she removed the rmnel and lmrrinii down. When alio reached the vault sho waa breathless, Tho peer, reclining on hia bod of stone, heard her coming and arose to moot her, hia white face eager and smiling. It had aoemed an eternity since 8he leib him. She spread her breakfast before him and invited him to partako of it. "But, my little friond," he said, gravely, hia eyes turning withwistful long ing toward tho food, in spite of hia wiii, 4,I oannot prolong my life at tho coat of youra-you bring me your food while you lira starving!" "Oh, no," she cried, " No, indeed. I Jiftvo eaten aome, and I sh ill havo more at noon-please oat it, and try to got your Strength j you will need it all. And I muse liave you again thin mpinont, I will come again; in tho meantime, remain quiet, and do not deapair, The darkest .hour ia jnat before the dawn," She Aid away as sho lind come, with noiBoiess stops, up ilie spiral stairs, and baok to hor nrison. Tlio morning woro away, Noon came, and u hot Sep'tcmbor sun blazed down upon the honry battlements; Ibe long,long afternoon, tho cool gray twilight, and at JaBt, at last the silent night, Maggie throw aside the old volumo she had boen trying in vnin "oread,and wont to tho window with a sigh of relief. The day hud seemed so ondless, and alio had longed for tlio night with a vague hope, A groundless hope, alas, for there was not tiio moat remote possibility of osoape, Yot sho longed withfevorish hn patienao for tho darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched tho great white Btara, flushing out in the far- off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with hor supper and a littlo morsel of candle that would not laat through half the night. "I won't have yo watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yersol," ahe said ; ,4 go to bed like a gudo lassie; yer brow young sweetheart will be here tomorrow." Mnggio shuddered and sat down by the casement, tliab foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved her supper for tho earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly tho hours went by, and she sat there counting hor own heart-boats. She could hear the fir troes moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sanda below, and at last, after wonry, weary waiting, she hoard that for which she had hoped with suoli feverish unrest. Tho sweet flute-notes set to the music of. tho dear old song, The Camp bells are coming," Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of excitemont, and Jifc hor bit of candle. Then alio mado hor way out, and started np tho diiiny sfcaira again, Inipationoo winged hor feet, and ahe made tho long and tiroaome aacenb very speedily, A stout wind waa blowing when she reached tho tower-chamber, and she hurried hor candle into a sheltered corner lest it should bo blown out. Then she toro a strip from her apron, and twisting ib into a wisp, lib it at tho blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before, Tho wind caught it and whirled it away, like n flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came tho dulcot numbers of "Highland Mary.", Maggie know that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred hor heart, and a bright bloom suffused hor waxen cheeks as ho gazed down tho dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing tho barren heath below, and raising an arm, ever and anon, with a warning gosture. She watched tho dark, tall figure with faaoinated eyes. It approached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then alio lost sight of it. Still sho did not re* move hor fasoinated gaze, but continued to lean over tho stono sill, her eyes strained down into tho shadowy depths below. Ton minutoa passed in dend ailonoo ! Thon, all ot onco, a strain of exquisite melody broko on hor oar. And, wonder of wonders, it cumo, not from tho heath bglow, but from eomo noar point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and ahn dvow back half in terror. Ton minutes more 1 The great owl, startled from hia roost in tho ivy, How out with n wild cry, and in tho aficr silence tho girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarao, panting respirations. Impollod by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into tho night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above tho clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips, It waa instantaneously answered, " Be quiet,'' spoke a clour, firm voioo, a voice that inspired hor with confidence and courage ; " do not i'ear ; I am coming to hoipyou," " Qomo on I" she veanonded. still look ing out. Tho ivy vinea that clung about the lofty tower began to shako and rustle, tho panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a hnndaome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Thoir owner \vaa accomplishing the dar ing fo.xt of climbing tho " Bordor Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covored it, Ha came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against tho rugged masonry. Maggio grew sick and fainb as she watched him, but ho smiled up into her whito face, as it hung over him in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath ho swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with porspiration, and almost gasping from his groat exertion, hiscloso fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his handsome face (lushed, his blonde curia all in n tumble ; yet Maggio know him in an instant. Ilo was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's ftefc at (ha "Lion and the Unicom," and to whom aho appealed for help when Lord Angus forced her away. Her eyos brightened, and a lovely color rose to hor oho 'ks. Sho extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. " I remomber you," sho said, simply ; " and you havo risked your life to come to me ?'' The young man bowcrl, and took the cold little lingers in his own shapely hand. "No, not qui to that," he replied, " 'Twiis a close tiling, I'll admit, but I've a talont for climbing, and tho ivy ia strong and safo ; my life was in no danger. But I'm glad you remember mo," ho added, with a 11.ishing glanco, " booause I've never forgotten you for 0110 single momont. ; sleeping or waking, your f.ico hna haunted mo. I knew yon were not mad, aa they asserted, and I determined to save you, I followed tho carriage that boro you away that night, mid saw you convoyed into this place j and finding no other mode of ontrauco, you soo, Tvo climbod tho gory vulture's neat.' And now, what can I. do for you V " Help mo fro escape," replied Magfjie, promptly. "Ifl rinvmin till to-morrow, ft fnto worse than clouth will bo mine." He considered a moment, hishiuulsomo fnoo turned toward tho sotting moon. "First, toll me," lio thou replied, " how you ovor m umged to get up horo, i if, aa X infer, you have bs&u; lv*l1 * pv» soner, You Buroly did not ascend by the secret stairway V u Yes, I did," Maggie replied,' " I dis covered it by chance, and came up here nttvaoted by the aouwl of your fluto j but I fnnciod no one know that Buoh a Btair* wayexistod," The young man smiled, showing lua handsome white tooth. " You fanoicd rightly, ,1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old place waa unoccupied-and I was hero on an investigating tour j but I can't well beliove that you had tho courage to ascend it." "I did," said Maggie. "I would go tlirough tho gates of death, I think, to make my escape." lie flushed auothor glanoe upon her from his bright blue eyes, " Come, then," ho said ; " we have no time to lose, and there is but one. way, The doors and gates nro barred and bolted, and Mother Gwynueth and lipr j blood-hound aro playing sentinel, We must go down by tho ivy." J Maggie started in surprise, and grow a shade paler as sho glanced down the dizzy distance. "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will only trust me, I will save you, Coine I" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. M Now you'll have to oling to me with' all your strength-bore, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear 5 you look like a bravo girl." Sho permitted hira to olaap her olose, while alio twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. Ho was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! u Oh, I lmd forgotten !" she exclaimed 5 " how utterly selfish I am in my eager ness to save myBelf, There is another prisoner in this old castle-away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath' spoy lies dying, Wo must save him-I won't leave him behind," The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. " What do you say ?'' he cried ; " the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here " Yea-hia own son, or the boy rafchor, who has been reared aa his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence senb me down to him, I think, and I saved his lifo by sharing my food with him," "And why should this boy lure his father hero, and leave him to die ?" ques tioned tho stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voico. " Tho earl suspccta that tho boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, nnd tho young man wanta to murder him, and secure tho earldom.'' For tho spaoo of an instant tho young man atood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, ch ar-cut face. " Well," ho ejaculated at Inst, "of all strange things, this is tho strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated hero by hia son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly j "and ho will die-lie looks liko death now-and I havo carried him no food ainco morning. Oh, sir, can't you help me?" "Of oourao I will-I'll rouse tho officers of tho law, and ransack thia old glioat neat from top to bottom " " But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie ; " tho young Lord Angua, aa ho is called, falsoly enough too, for I havo tho proof that ho ia no Bon of tho earl;" .4 What, you havo tho proof V 'Yea-I found it, aa I seem to find everything, by mere chnnco, in the liau» nel mnntlo worn by that poor littlo baho that was found, on tl)G Tyrol mountain the written proof that ?' " Hist!" cried tho young man, catching at her arm, " thoro'a a carriage bolotv put out your candlo, quick !" Maggio darted across to the corner in which tho candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to tho window, ga/.ing cautiously down. A two-wheelod vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at the great gate, and one of them li aped out., atjd proceeded to unlock it. Muggid had a fair view of the other as he sat in the whito moonlight. " Oli, heavens 1" she whispored, her cheeks paling with terror, ?"* it is Lord Angus, tbo earl's son 5 wo nre loatj" " Nay," replied the stranger," not lost yet. See, thoy havo entered-Mother Gwynneth's blood-hound bids them wol come, Oome!" Ho claaped her firmly with 0110 arm and approached the window, " Bu'i the earl ?" gasped Maggie, Bhivor ing with terror, as she hoard the fierce baying of (ho bcaet below, " I'll snve him," replied the joung man, quietly; "but you must bo got into a safe placo first. Come-tho momonts are precioua." And clasping her onco more, ho leaped lightly through tho window and swung himself out. 