COOKS' AGENTS.—Policemen. WIDOWER'S WEEDS.—Cigars. TWELVE women get prizes for their babies at the show. The rest got surprises. WHIST must be a popular game in India—we arc coutinually hearing of Indian rubbers. LITTLE BOURKK STREET aphorism : Not to know a Melbourne detective argues oneself unknown. THE other day a Sydney weekly included a paragraph about the Lady Loch's jib in its personal column. AN* article in an evening contemporary last week was headed "Is the Gallows Necessary?' We guess not; can't he use a belt? THE Standard ventures to offer " Ma's pride " as an anagram on Mr. Dampier's name. If Dumpier is ma's pride how about the other d perc ? JosEi'H LEVIS, a New Zealand billard-marker, has come in for an unexpected inheritance of £30,000. lie won't need to chalk it up again. THE Rev. Mr. Kinsman, of Fitzroy, says that Mr. Hayter may be the Government Statist, but that he (Kinsman) is the champion United-Statist. TJIE Salvation Army is organising a "gigantic religious demonstration " as a "counter attraction to theCup." We back the Devil-for this occasion only. A YOUNG female prisoner appeared in court the other day who has paid already over one hundred pounds in small fines. No wonder we have a surplus. A HEN connected with the Ararat Asylum laid twin eggs connected by a tube the other day. Mad, of course, but there was news in the local paper that week. A CONTEMPORARY says that five young frogs taken alive everv morning for five daye will cure consumption, llow is it so many colonial toad caters are consumptive ? THE best amateur rider in Adelaide is a dentist. It is a wonder he rem lins an amateur; numbers of owners over the line would be glad to pay handsomely for such an accomplished puller. A SOUTH MELBOURNE man who waB divorced six years ago celebrates every anniversary of the day 011 which he receivedhis release with great rcjoicing. lie calls it Independence Pay. IN Tasmania they say they have more deaths of infants than births every year. \Ye don't wonder at this—strangers never can put up with the intolerable duluess of the tight little island. A WvciiEi'ROOF saddler was married a few days ago. The local paper alluded to the incident as "°The happy and memorable event." Is it such an ?xtraordiuary thing to get married iu VV'ycheproof ? AN An/us reviewer says :—" The kiud of humour of which Munchausen is a type is l mg Fince extinct." He is wrong. It has merely changed its groove. The cable correspondents of the daily papers monopolise it now. A MEMBER of the New South Wales Parliament attended a receLt sitting in the regimentals of a Salvation Army warrior. The army will lose public respect if it sends its soldiers to Parliament. That is only one better than sending them to you know. A PRESSMAN from Dunedin, applying for a billet upon the Argus, was asked whether he was competent to go round and collect good readable items. " I should rather think so," he replied. " Why, I come direct from Newsy-land." He was thrown out on bis head. WB are informed that a compiny has been started iu New York to manufacture sandwichcs by the thousand and retail them through the city. This project has its advantages, it will enable the police to sheet home many of the sudden deaths common in the city to the real criminals. THE citizens of Tallangatta, on the Murray, have got a boat—now that the floods are over. They cracked a bottle over it in the good old fashion when it was launched. The bottle was empty, however. The master of ceremonies saw to that. Good liquor is not wasted in idle display in Tallangatta. THE very newest thing in the way of inventions is a method known as " Electrolysis," for removing wrinkles by electricity. If it ever comes into general use elderly females will have to be labelled, if they wish to avoid being made love to. But we are forgetting—there will be no elderly females then. THERE was a goodly time when the proudest in the land were unable to sign their own nameB. Doesn't Sir Walter Scott make the great Lord Douglas say— " ThankB to Siint Hothau, son of mine, Savo Gawain, ne'er cculd pen a line." Now the only persons of consequence who still remain nobly illiterate arc Justices of the Peace. The following delightful orthographical effort appeared on a letter-card now Before us. We suppress names, of course : — jir, pleas tell Mr. not to forget put in act for up owing aproacbes to bridge and you Miglit wright and let Moe know it the 1'olico Magistrate will Use tbeir olso if you liave got tile NeBeecery documents to have Mee Sworen in as Justic of tbe peas I remain yous respectfuly ." What do you think of this for a Justice? Gadzooks and by our halidame we have out-Shakespeared Shakespeare. We have Dogberry for a Justice now instead of a mere constable. IN Russia sometimes as many as eight infants are sent over the railways as hand-luggage in one basket. At this rate one Australian is as good as eight Russians, and they can come on as soon BB they please. An entire luggage-van would not be too large to contain eight babies taken at random from the Baby Show held in the Exhibition last week. SnuonuAN editors are becoming more superfine and fastidious every day. One ot them says :— '* We have come to consider that the ordinary garden party is an al frtxco crush. . . . It is not so at a Mayoral dinner or ball." Quite so. There is also more liquor about a Mayoral dinner or ball and there is not such a vigilant watch kept upon it. Is Authority dead ? Has stern and awful Order given up the ghost? It would seem so. The schoolboys of Glasgow have absolutely struck against—amotog other things—the revered and time-honoured custom of flogging. The very infants will next rebel against being sent to baby shows. Heaven help us ! It is time that old men of twenty and upwards should die, and make room for the younger generation. THERE is a law against betting io South Australia. This is how the wily bookmaker gets even with jt: "Mr. is now in Adelaide for a few days, and will be pleased to see his racing friends. He will also lecture on the Evils of Gambling on each race day." There is a rich humour about this we wouldn't have expected to find in the bookmaker, who is a plain man in most things except his tinkers and shirt-front. AN aged and venerated member of the North Melbourne Presbytery suggested the other day at a meeting of that august body that steps be taken to prevent the despatch of European cableerams on Sundays, as they led to desecration of the Sabbath. What a very simple old gentleman that Bimple old gentleman muBt be. If those cables were not despatched in Europe they would be hatched here, and surely he is not anxious to encourage lying as a native industry. COOKTOWN (Q.) must have a fine growing climate of itn own. A Chinaman dwelling there stole a dozen of eggs and planted them under his bed for future use. He forgot about them and three weeks afterwards eighteen chickens walked out ! 1 he heat had hatched the eggs. But how did eighteen chickens come out of a dozen eggs ? Six of the eggs had donble yolks. The Chinaman himself brought the story with him from Oooktown. We can understand why he had to leave that city. WnEN Sir Henry Parkes was bouncing the country lately, a man from tbe Murray insisted on getting on to the platform to put a poser to the veteran. After a good deal of shuffling the backblocker was gratified, and alt eyes went in search of the " poser. The man took a small object from his pocket, and spun it down upon the platform. It was a top. The idea some of the audience took from the incident waB that the intruder desired to represent the politician who is always turning, but the performance had not even that merit. The lumpy wit had merely secured a top which Sir Henry had, in hiB toy-making days, moulded. FROM a paper published in Kew:—"Eugene O'Donnell, a man well known in the district for his eccentric habits, was again brought up, this time for threatening to take the liver out of the prosecutor." It is quite natural that this should be only considered eccentric in Kew. The preference shown to a particular organ by Mr. O'Donnell seems to have been the only feature of the affair that caused any surprise. They are apt to be more cirelese in Kew as to which end ot their enemy they get hold of -when they go out on the war-path. No less than five advertisements from "kind persons " who wanted babies to adopt appeared in one issue of one of the daily papers last week. Curious that there should be this ruBb for infants all at once. Probably the "kind persons" who advertised had no babies of their own and wanted some to enter in Mr. Dampier's show. We hope the judges took the hint and made sure that the babies exhibited were the real (not acquired) property of the persons exhioiting. THE type-lifter ia a grim humourist in his generation, and haB many a time and oft by his inspired blunders made writers appear to make asses of themselves, but he has rarely turned the joke upon himself. We have, however, just come across one instance where he has done so in the agricultural column of a country paper. A paragraph in it deals with the pig in one of its phases. It (the paragraph) should have been headed, " Pigs as CompoBters." The type lifter set it up, "Pigs as Compositors." He was evidently not a learned pig—we mean compositor. JOHN O'NEILL, aged seventy-six, tried to commit suicide at lYaliran last week. He said he was tired of life. This is the drawback in not being rich—when one is tired of life one has to hang or drown. Hut the rich man weary of living does neither ; he gets himself elected to the Legislative Council. A TROJECT is on foot in 'France for attaching a telephone service to the wards of the hospitals so that the patients might have the comfort of conversing with their relatives without fear of contagion. This will be a great boon to the patient with a mother-in-law. If, however, those telephones be anything like the machines we have here, there will be a great loss of patience in the French hospitals shortly. SIGNOS MAJESOSI says that there arc numbers of Australians who have undoubted dramatic genius. If this is so they are the most modest set of men we ever heard of. They never show themselves. Signor Majeroni aUo asks " why the State should not foster and develop this talent as it doeB that of music, painting, and sculpture." It is news to us, by-the way, that the State fosters and developes pointing, and sculpture, and as for music, the Victorian Orchestra is only a thing of yesterday. But leaving these discrepancies aside, we think that something might he done in the way Signor Majeroni suggests. A Victorian Academy for the Instruction of Clowns might, for instance, be established as a first step. This would afford excellent openings—in the shape of proleBSorships —for decayed legislators who had stood by the Government till paralysis of the legs overtook them COMMENCEMENT of leadi^rtidM^: Independent:—'" In our isaueof thelitis we exposed the contemptible pUteri„„ columns by our contemporary, iD has raised the ire of its proprietors" A?" ^ is about a cricket score I A small bone",' 1 !, snarl over. But when one has to choose tl? writing another blighting exposure of the M valliun policy of Bismarck and deecrih' biggest pumpkia of the season, one beans!!! 8 the value of even such a small piece of »«, cricket score. " s ' society for 12 montbB. Some men UW, jumped upon. Mr. Gardiner will, no doubt J hiB decline in the social scale and exclusion I the list of Police Magistrates from this Benteiite A POLICEMAN recently transferred from country to the capital began hie metropolitan csr badly. In the middle of his first night on dntt ruBhed into the watahhouse the most prominent preacher in the city, alleging that he found prowling around dark places without reasons cause. He staggered back against the will, he learned that his prisoner was not only a i exemplary man but an honoured J.P, Nexto' at about the same hour, he pushed another into the watchhouse and charged him with the associate of vagrants and vagabonds. He flat on his back and kicked a leg elf the table w he was informed that this man was a Ci" Minister. THERE was a match played between the Balls Locomotive and Spencer-street Football Club Bhort time ago. A Ballarat post embalmed proceedings in verse. Here are some lines Iron poem:— " The night dragged wearily on, the met down to snooze, But gentle sleep ne'er touched tbeir t excepting those who indulged in boose." And further on ;— " Ho was carried off the field of 'gore amii battle's din, And on examination it wasfoundhehadgol eye kicked in." THERE is a law rendering all publicans Bupply aboriginals with intoxicating drinks I' to a heavy fine, but for all that a sable r- soil was found dancing the wild, weird i hiB fathers and hooting the fierce liootsliis; hooted in the expansive wilds ere rum ru these parts in the city the other day, and arrested to eive him time to sober up. "' asked who had supplied him with the al... ptimulant, he suddenly became incapable of prehension, and when further pressed he in' benignly and offered to enlighten the court fm bottles of rum. This was too much for the B and it got right up on its dignity, and trembling savage was removed by the police. 