The Ijoch JLmatenr HinstrelSo ON THB STAOE. On Taesday, the 10th inst, the abov€ ministTels gave an entertainment at Lech in aii of the Ohan-h of Rutland schoolroom. An excellent programme was issued and tbe company maintained the reputation they have areviv obtained as first c aas amateur artistes. Mr. J. Mcpherson, Bones ; W. Bonri- pan, Tambo ; and E. Haynefl Interlocnter, were leading supporters of the circle. The first part of tbe programme was a SGne and chonig by the comnanv, Valentine1 f il lowed by a so ne, Dear Annie of tb© VaIc," in g »od ice bj Mr Press ; 4t Climb- ir«2 op the Qoldnn Stairs, ,f by Mr J. M'Pnernn was well rendered, bet at the same lime par'ook slightly of the bnrnt cork plompnf Mr IV PalLvinnKnm marlp hi« by singing with feeling 4TheCa4n on th© Mississippi Shore" ; 44 Starry Night for a Ramble1' Mr Haynes, and 11 Johnny will yon wait for a while," Mr W. Hoarifran, were both successfully rendered. The first part concluded with a grand finale 44 Sing in Q,1 by the company. The second half consisted of several songs and farces. Mr Falkiug- ham's Motion was again worthy of remark, as was also Mr Haynes local song composed by himself, entitled 44 Piasters.", this last was honored with an encore ; a violin specialty by MeaBrs M'Pheraon B"09.t and a Btep dance by Mr Griffin were both artistio- ally performed ; 41 KiUamey" wa3 sung by Mr Press iQ excellent style, and a stamp soeech by Mr W. Hoarigan entitled 44 Woman's Rights' was capitally given and showed he speaker to be possessed of con siderable natural abilitr. A farce entitled a Troublesome Servant" came next, th© two. characters 44 Old Man' aid 44 Handy Handy," being well sustained by Mr F. W. Clarke and J. M'Fherson respectively. A very laagh ible farce 41 Ttie Ghost in a Pawn- stiop'' was produced by Messrs C. S. and A. Bigelow an i B. G;«meri, and oncladed the programme ; it is needless to say this was well represented by the three amateurs that took p't in it. A dance wan held immedi ately after, the music being -x :elJenr.. The proceeds of the enterrainmeut amount tc about £11. 